THE SHAREBROKERS BILL. The report of the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on the ' Share brokers Bill may be accepted with Batia f action. The Committee were am)oin ted mainly at the request of the brokers themselves, and they, we opine, can hardly grumble at the result Nor has the public much room to 'complain. While^ the enquiry has served to bring to' light several , defects in the original measure, which in accordance with the recommendation ef the Committee has been withdrawn with „ a view to the introduction of a fresh measure in the Assembly, it has likewise de cidedly confirmed the impression that legislation on the subject is impera tively required. What Mr. Tarlton has called 'the crooked practices' of the Stock Exchange have existed too long already. Swindling transactions, the evidence discloses, are not unknown ; and it was plainly stated by one important ?witness that many persons decline to have anything to do with either dealers or brokers under the existing system. A scandal of thi3 kind cannot be too soon got rid of. While the public needs protec tion from unscrupulous agents, honest brokers may justly seek rel'ef from asso ciation with notorious malpractitioners. It is obvious that a sensible course was followed in referring the whole matter to a Committee. Every one examined admitted the necessity of a licensing Bill, although there was some difference of opinion a3 to the form it should take. This, of course, ?was to be expected, yet in the variety of objection and suggestion elicited the Committee probably discovered a further ground on which to base their recom mendation that a nev.' Bill be introduced. They have done wisely, moreover, in advising that all &iiarebroker3; be sworn as ?well as licenced ; and, indeed, we imagine that tbi3 is the principal reason why they have determined that no bond be required. The drift of the evidence laid before them ?svas assuredly favourable to such a require ment, whether to the modbrate degree approved by Mr. Tomkinaon or to tho higher sureties insisted on by other gentlemen. This is, however, a point which deserves reconsideration. Mr. Back, for instance, contended for the exaction of a substantial bond ; while Mr. Coates maintained that sharobrokers should, not provide any sureties, but should be sworn to do justice between principal and principal, and punished if they did not . Other changes proposed by the Select Committee are deserving of particular attention. The annual license fee wa3 fixed by the Bill at £25, and although it was denounced by Mr. Longson, as ' monstrous' it obtained tho support of Mr. Tomkinson, and the qualified ad hesion of other witnesses, Captain France going bo far as to suggest a maximum yearly fee of £50, because of his expressed ' belief that the higher the fee the' more select wouldthosebewhopaid it. Nodoubt. But the intention ia not, we presume, to ncourage restriction on lines of that soft. He, however, apparently professed his acceptance under present circumstances of a fe« of from Jft to £10, and with the lower figure' Mr. Back was satisfied, provided always that he had hia substantial bond. Five pounds is the limit now recommended by the Com mittee, and will, no doubt, be found sufficient, besides being more in accor dance with the practice already followed in charging for licences to professional men. In clause C of the Bill share brokers were required to give, if demanded, within one week a memo, in writing of the number and description, price obtained, and name of the purchaser of the shares to the person for whom they were sold. That provision the Committee wish to make compulsory, stipulating in addition that tho memorandum bo signed at the time of sale. A further alteration is indicated in their sixth pro vision, the object manifestly being to render the punishment for sharebroking, misdeeds more severe. 'A sharebroker convicted under either of the penal clauses may for the first offence be disqualified from holding or applying for a licence for vny period not exceeding two yean, and for a second offence shall bo disqualified [or life.' In an opposite direction they bave seen fit to recommend that the dis qualification contained in clause 5 of the Bill be not retained. Mr. Longson in lis statement before the Committee espe :ially referred to this disability, which' iroae out of the Insolvent Act, as being peculiarly offensive to him self, and it is certainly desirable that ho hardship should be inflicted an one more than another, so long aa this may be done consistently with the needful stringency of the proposed enactment. A. verbal yet significant change is also suggested in the interpretation of 'shara- broker,' the words 'gain or reward' being omitted. As was pointed out, the clause as it stands in the Bill could easily be evaded. The seventh provision re commended by the Committee Is ono which was substantially submitted to them by Mr. Back, and tho object of which is to protect the vendor of shares in a Joint-Stock Company against tho recklessness or fraud of purchasers. Again, it was pretty generally testified that all share transactions should bo posted up in the Exchange at a certain hour each day, so that the legitimate business could be known and understood, and thus the shameful rigging which has assuredly taken place in past times bo prevented. It was, however, advised that merely the pricos should bo thus pub lished. Doubtless, Beeing tho force of this, tho Select Committee submit that 'all transactions in Bharcs effected by brokers be recorded at the Chamber of Commerce, or other place to bo ap pointed by the Governor ; and written particulars of such transactions (stating the number of shares sold and prices obtained) completed during the twenty four hours before 2 p.m. on each day shall be delivered to the person appointed to receive such particulars before 3 p.m. on the same day by the selling broker.' This would manifestly check tho tendency to make tise of false quotations when sale has been effected. Regarding the BCale of charges and the commission to be allowed, it appears to us that the pro posals of the Select Committee aro sen sible, although we are aware that M-\ Back holds that brokers would never get a living at the proposed scale, a lowprice shares scale being wanted. That adopted s the English one, but there can surely be no reasonable objection to its further extension in the direction indicated by Mr. Back. In the printed s»le there is evidently a line left out, inasmuch as nothing is said as to tho rate to be charged for shares of 135 and under £o0 ; but wo suppose in this as in the other caaos the English rulo is to bo followed. Perhaps the brokers will bo chiuliy an noyed at the tentative provision that only one commission may be charged on each transaction, whether oho or more brokers are employed. But a division of brokerage is nothing new, and is certainly to be preferred infinitely to a system which permitted as many as four or five commissions on a mile, and the occasional practice of deducting greatly more than a fair commission. Into the many and varied proposals of the witnesses examined we cannot hero enter. Their observations are, however, instructive so far as they exhibit the truly professional view of the business done. Particularly is this the case in regard to the opinion which deems it advis able that the number of sharebrokers in Adelaide should be diminished, because the brokerB are simply eating each other up, and have their appetites so sharpened that they are up to all sorts of tricks to entrap clients. The following opinion'of one ?witness deserves citation : — 'I may say that I do not consider that there ar-3 more than three :v;:l sharebrokeM on tho Exchange at the present time. We have two or three shiirt'l-rokers, but the rest are a hybrid lot, udt!;i-r the one thing nor the other. They trade without capital, and they never Lny until they have a peretn ivho they k:nnv will purchase. Th^ libber, however, stands on the markut, and if anything is offered out of which he thinks he can make jin.-ney he p«.ys his ruoiiey, and ia tutitled to what ho can make out of his investment. But there aro men who have no capital, who call themselves sfcaiedealers, and who are not in a position to pay for ahare3 or get an overdraft at the Bank. In such a position as that they cannot be called aharedealers.' But, call them what ire may, it is clear that the more influential opinion is that brokers only should be licensed, and not dealers, and that aharebroker and sharedealer should be separate, as they are on the London Exchange. Tho Select Com mittee recommend, indeed, that broken be prohibited from dealing in shares on their own account. They must buy throngh another broker, and the sounder view seerrs to be that they may invest in shares, but in that case should be compelled to keep their shares for a specified term before parting ?with them, besides having them transferred to their own name, so that a person could see he was buying the broker's own shares. In fine, on this head it ia said on the one hand that shareholders should not be dealers, and on the other that dealers may do as they like so long as they are rot brokers ; and these points, while com -pkmentary to each other, seem to contain the gist of the matter. The Acoscagua's Tbip Home.— Messrs. J. Stilling & -Co. have received a cablegram from Suez advising that the Aconcagua's mails, which left here on July 17, were in time for the Brinaisi mail leaving Alexandria on August 12, and would be in London on August 18— that is, thirty-two days from Adelaide. Geemas IinnaRATHnr.— In the Assembly on Thursday Hr. Kricbauff stated that the Immi gration Agent for South Aastralia in Germany holds a licence from the German Empire, under which he has to give a heavy bond. If certifi cates are issued to persons and he does not for ward them, he either has to lose his licence or make good any losses which may have been sus tained by persons who have been disappointed in their intention of emigrating. It is true, Mr. Krichauff says, that there are eighty-two persons in the Geiman vessel now on its way to the colony, bat forty-nine of them have paid their own passages. . Sesstojcai Oedee.— The House of Assembly on Thursday passed a new Sessional Order, by which it is provided that a ballot or division shall not be interrupted on the hour for the adjournment for dinner arriving. The necessity for such a provision was shown. two or three weeks ago, when the Speaker left the chair while a ballot was proceeding, and the voting had to be postponed until a future day. The discussion on Thursday was marked by a little difference of opinion between the Treasurer and Mr. Bray, who retorted to a remark of the former by stating that it would be time enough for the leader of the House to dictate to other members when he knew how to properly con duct the business of the country. He was not only incompetent in his management of the financial department of that House, bat by hb gross inattention to the public business ? . At this stage Mr. Bray was called to order, and any further remarks he may have intended to make were lost to the House. Loitdos Wool Sales. — Messrs. Harrold Brothers have received the following telegram from their London house, dated August 13 : — ??The present sales for greasy wool open at {rices a shade lower than those obtained at thj close of tha last Bile.' TJhiyebsitt. Ambhdmejtt Act.— The following is the text of a Bill introduced by the Miniate of Education on Thursday, the second reading of which was made an Order of the Day fo Tuesdsy: — 'Whereas, in order to enable the University ot Adelaide to obtain a grant of royal letters-patent, and for other reasons, it is expedient to amend ? The University Act,' be it therefore enacted by the Governor of the Province of South Australia, with the adviie and consent of the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said province, in Par liament assembled, as follows : — 1. Tbe Univer sity of Adelaide has been duly constituted and appointed according to the provisions of ' The Adelaide University Act.' 2. Subject to the promise contained in the eighth section of the said Act, the Council of the said University may by Statute or regulation reped Statute and regulations made by the Univeuity, and that section shall te read and constrncd as if the words ' or regulations' had been inserted in it next after ' Statute' where that word occurs lastly therein. 3. The words ' Bachelor of Science and Doctor of Science,' which occur in the twelfth section of the said Act, are Iiere by repealed ; and that section shall be read and construed as if these words had not occurred therein. 4. This Act may be cited as ths Adelaide University Act Amendment Act.'7 ISSTHCnOS OF QCARAimSB STATION. — On Thursday afternoon the Under- Secretary, the Archit«ct-iii-Ohieff and the Health Officer of Fort Adelaide paid a visit of inspection to the Quarantine Station at Torrens Island. DiAKOirD-SEABCHina. — We understand Sir. George Bean's report as to the likelihood of a diamond-field being discovered at Echongx his been sent in to the Government. We believe Mr. Bean entertains the opinion that diamonds are likely to be found at Echunga and many other places in the colony, and we 'hear he has given some practical information as to the way to prosecute the search for the precious stones, and how to know a diamond when it has been found. Fcbuc Accomrrs Comiissios. — The Commis sion appointed to enquire into matters con nected with the public finances of the colony met for the first time on Wednesday. Mr. Cooke was elected chairman, and Messrs. Cooigrave & Collison were appointed Secre taries and Shorthand-writers. DEPOSITIONS FROM THE ADELAIDE PoLlCB Court.— On Thttrsday His Honor the Chier Justice, in hearing the case of Walter Thorn and William Brown for unlawful assault, again had occasion to comment strongly upon the careless and inefficient manner in which the depositions were taken down in the Adelaide Police Court, and he suggested to the Grown Solicitor that the attention of the Attorney-General should be directed to the matter. He said he bad con tinually to complain of the slovenly way in which the depositions were sent up with im portant points omitted. It was not fair to prisoner, who were entitled to have the testi mony of the witnesses taken down as accurately and closely as possible. The City Police Court depositions were the worst that came before him. DkPTTTATIOJJ AS TO THB KAllWAT WORKSHOPS. — On Tuesday evening an adjourned meeting was held at Salisbury to arrange for the deputa tion to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works with reference to railway worksheet at Salisbury. There were about eighty gentlemen present Mr. J. Harvey, J.P., was voted to the chair, and stated that Mr. J. Darling, M.P., had seen the Commissioner, and Friday morning at 11 o'clock had been appointed as the time for waiting on him. Arrangements for the deputa tion were made. Several gentlemen poinwd out the great benefit that would accrue to the colony and the large amount of money thit would be saved by the erection of tiie workshops at Salisbury. Cokkwaix Relief Fojd. — An entertainment wu given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Fnnklin street. on Thursday evening, August 14, on behalf of the Cornwall Belief Fund. The hall was well filled by an appreciative audience, who seemed very well pleased with the efforts pu/ forth by the members of the Adelaide Lodge No. 2. I.O.G.T., under the R.W.G.L. of the World. Songs, duets, glees, and recitations were given by Miises -Henson, Healer, Van depeer, Stephens, Nolan, Cooke, and Win wood. and Messrx. Baker, Smart, Pearse, Cameron, Mitchell, Chip, Townley, Patten, and Thorn is. Brother W. Stephens, 'g.W.C.T , was in the chair, and Miss S. A. Winwood presided at the pfano. Football in the Streets. — A very amusing affair occurred at Gawler on Thursday after- noon, August 14. Several young people of Gawler— bank clerks and others— assembled opposite the Commercial Hotel, and were practising football in the main street. Having been cautioned by the police to stop play they refused to do so, and Constable Miller took possession of the ball, and carried it off to the Police Station. IXFBDTGEMBXT OF THE TfiA VELUM STOCK Ee6TXatio--s. —A few days ago we published a telegr»ra from Wellington, stating that pleuro preumonia had been discovered in a mob of cattle travelling from the South- East and Vic tori*. We notice by the Sbuthfm Art/vs that on Tuesday the drover of the cattle was fined £5 and coat., £9 in ail, for « leaving on the travel rine stock reserve in the Hundred of Seymour » steitr infected with -pleuro- pnenmonia.' A cfcarse- of removing a diiexsed steer across the J»trict of Albert w*s dismissed. ? I eh beer's EesFtTAt. — The adjourned meet ing cf the Cbil«hec*s Hospital Committee will Uke place this afternoon. THH Bcdgbt Debate.— The debate ott the financial statement was, on Thursday, resumed by Mr. Boss, who made a long and vigorous speech, ^ In beginning he paid a tribute of admiration to the oratorical powers of the Treasurer, who, he believed, would be as suc cessful in making an effective speech on the airiness and simplicity of the Zulu costume, or the marriage enstoms of the Esquimaux, as he had been in giving an address upon the financial position. Mr. Koss attributes the present financial position of the country to a deliberate policy of extravagance oa the part of the Government, who are, he believes, bent upon proving that the additional taxation which formed a part of Mr. Morgan's policy in 1875 ia necessary. If pro perty and income taxes are imposed this year he is convinced that the Government will next session urge the putting on of stamp duties, and Mr. Morgan will then be able to point tri umphantly to the completion of his ori ginal financial policy. The Banks, in the hon. gentleman's opinion, have acted with patriotism and moderation in their agreement with the Treasurer, as they could have exacted what terms they liked. Summarizing his Opinions, Mr. Koes concluded by saying, 'I recognise the desirability of equalizing tha incidence of taxation by imposing a tax on property and abolishing some Customs duties which press unduly upon the producing clasaes, but consider that additional taxation for revenue purposes is not necessary in South Australia, and that the estimated insufficiency of the public revenue to meet the expendiuure proposed by the present Ministry should be met by avoiding extravagance rather than by im posing additional burdens upon the people.' Mr. Carr followed with a speech on the sitne side, charging the Government with creating a deficiency by mismanagement and piling up the Estimates. Mr. Exichaufi argued that the land revenue would probably be £100,000 more than Is estimated. He does not consider fresh taxation necessary if there is proper economy in the public service. After this hon. memher's remarks the House resumed, and the Com mittee obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. Ovebbidimg Acts of Parliament. — For some time Mr. Koss has had upon the Notice paper of the Assembly a motion affirming ' that it is contrary to the principles of the constitu tional law for a Government to suspend the operation of, or act in contravention of, the provisions of an Act of Parliament, as the Government are now doing in respect of the Waste Lands Amendment Act and the Brands Act of 187S.' The hon. gentleman, however, has not been able to obtain a convenient time for moving the motion, and on Thursday he took the opportunity of stating his case ou the motion that the House go into Committee of Supply. Mr. Ross pointed out that although it was held by the Surveyor-General that persons holding land under credit agreement could under the Act of last year take up 1,000 acres irrespective of their present holding, Mr. Playford had overruled this, and that with regard to the Brands Act he had instructed the Kangers that they were not to insist upon waybills being used where stock were not travelled more than twenty miles, the limit fixed by the Act being five miles. He would probably have acted as the Commissioner of Crown lands h3d done if in office himself, but a grave mistake had been made in not adopting the constitutional course of obtaining Acts of indemnity directly Parliament met. Mr. Playferd, in the course of a very vigorous reply, showed that the Governor in his opening speech promised a Bill to settle doubts about the construction of the disputed provision in the Crown Lands Amendment Act of last year. He was not, however, fairly open te a charge o£ overriding an Act of Parliament in this case, as he had the opinioas of two legal men on each side of the question. The whole question of the land laws had been referred to a Select Com mittee, and it was thought better to make such amendments as might be necessary in one Bill. The Brands Act had also been referred to a Select Committee, which was now sitting. What he had done was simply not to put the Act in force in a certain particular. The hon. gentleman concluded by declaring that he would at any time suspend an Act of Parliament if he thought it waa for the good of the country. A long discussion then followed, the subjects dis cussed including the dispute of the Commis sioner of Crown Lands with the Highercombe District Council, his refusal to give the Govern ment grant for works at Henley Beach, the travelling of cattle suffering from pleuro pueumonia, German immigration, and suburban water supply. At its close the Budget debate was proceeded with. The P. & O. Company's Service. — Following up the reduction in their freight charges between London and Australia, which now stands at £3 per ton, the Directors of the P. i O. Steam Navigation Company have arranged to issue tickets, either here or in London, at £125 in the first class, and at £75 in the second class, for the return voyage, giving three months' stay at the terminal points. Thi* ia a consider able concession upon previous rates, but possibly, in view of the fortnightly service, the Directors consider it desirable to enconrage a larger goods and passenger traffic, which the redactions re ferred to will help to secure. By advices received by the mail which arrived on Tuesday, Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co.. the agents for the V. & O. Company, are informed that the Directors have opened up negotiations with the large shipbuilding firms of Laird, Denny and Harland, and Wolff to build three new steamers, with the view of carrying out with efficiency the important mail contracts recently entered into. These ships are to be 'J£00 tons in size, with 600 horsepower, and are to possess high speed and large carrying capacity. Mr. W. Fane de Salis, the Chairman, at the half-yearly meeting of the P. & O. Company, held in London on June 5, stated that, 'apart from sixteen subsidiary vessels, with an aggregate tonnage of 1,247 tons, their fleet now consisted of forty-seven steamships, 21,443 horsepower and a tounage of 125,037 tons. This considerably exceeded the Ileet of the United States of America at the beginning of the late Federal war, and war ranted the statement that this Company con stituted one of the largest shipping associations of modern times. It was very gratifying to the Directors to be able to report that during the half-year the state of efficiency of this large fleet had continued, and during the year the im portant public service confided to the care of the Company had been carried out with punctuality, to the satisfaction of the Post-Office and the pnblic. It was equally gratifying to them to be able to report that ilnriDg the same period the voyages of their ships had been marked with the same immunity from maritime casualty which had been so long vouchsafed to them, and for which they had such reason to be so deeply thankful. Upwards of 900.000 niilas of ocean space had been traversed by their ships, and more than 12,000 passengers (besides a large amount of cargo) bad been safely conveyed to their destination without loss of life and with out accident worth mentiouirg.' Tuesday's Government Land Sale. — There were several clerical errors iu our detailed report of Tuesday's Gevernment sale of land in the South-East as published in Thursday's Rtijisttr, In many instances the price given was £1 per acre too little, owing to the cost of reclamation being omitted. A correct report will be published iu Saturday's Observer. From a return prepared in the Surveyor-General's Office it appears that the area opened for selection was 3H.71O acrts, that 71 persons obtained land, that the area selected was l!',442:j acres, and the total price realized was £64,008 17s. The average pric* per sere was £3 5s 10d., and the highest price bid was £7 Ills. 6d. (Sec. 194, Mount Muirhead), including £1 per acre cost of reclamation. Criminal Srmsns. — The sittings of the Supreme Court on the criminal side were con tinued on Thursday before His Honor the Chief Justice. Walter Thorn and William Brown were convicted of assault with intent to steal, acd were sentenced to one year s imprisonment with hard labour. John Clowe was convicted of embezzlement and sentenced to eighteen months' hard labour. In the case of William Slade. charged with embezzlement, neither the prisoner nor his sureties appeared, and their recognizances were estreated. The cases on the list for to-day are — James, alias Michael Connor, larceny; Abraham Weadd, unlawful wounding; Cornelius Lyons and Edward Thomas Cheese man, false pretences ; Ellen Lyons, stealing from a dwelling-house ; Thomas and Bridget Giller nane and Margaret Davidson, assault and robbery; Jehn Myers, attempt to commit a r»pe ; John and Thomas Hoarej sheepsteaiing. IxurEiT at Waterloo.— On Tuesday, August 12, Mr. S. Dawson, J.P., held an iaqu6*t at Waterloo on the body of liecjsmin Stremple, aged thirty-five, who waa found dead in his bed On Sunday last he went to church in his usual good health, a:id on returning home he called at his father-in-law*?, Mr. Degner'e. As it was wet hb family remained there, bit he proceeded homewards, promising to return on the follow ing morning. He did not, however, return, anil cn a search being made he was discovered deid in his bed. Dr. Kichter gave i: as his opinba ttat death was can«eil by sudden stoppage oc the heart, acd the Jury returned a verdie: iu accordance with the medical testimony. ' The Scottish Covenanteks.'— The Kev. K M. Hunter will deliver a lecture 02 this subject ic the l'lrk-street Lecture Hall this evening. Adelaide AinTErR MrsiCAi. Union. — The fourth concert of the fifth season of the Amateur Musical Union will take place ia the Town Hal this evening. Becmved.— From Messrs. Sampson, Low, and Co , through Mr. George .Robertson, the holiday cumber of London Sccitty. ' Hajpt Homes, asd How to Makb Thesl.'— This was the title of an original lecture delivered by Dr. Joyce in the City Mission Hall on Thurs day evening, August 14. The room was crowded, and Mr, J. Darling, M.P., occupied the chair. The lecturer began by referring to the many happy and pleasing associations that lingered around the word ' home,' stating that wherever one might be the word ' home' always had a strange fascination about it, and gave rise to mental pictures of scenes long since past. Dr. Joyce thea said that he intended to point out a few of the causes of unhappy homes, and would snggest a remedy for them. Many an unhappy home resulted from the want of open ness of character during courtship. People as a rule tried to be on their best behaviour while courting, and did not reveal their true character, thus creating a false impression, and it was not until after marriage than the bad habits came forth in their true colours. Both sexes acted in this manner, and ths only cure was that persons should not endeavour to hide their demerits. The cause of many an unhappy home was also to be found in the way in which the husband indulged the wife duriEg the honeymoon. He petted and pam pered her until he got tired of doing so, and wheu he left that off the wife began to com plain. The husband then often sought more congenial compmy away from home. Unhappy homes often resulted irom unsuitable marriages. Men and women married who were entirely different in temperament and habits. The woman might be religiously inclined and the man not care for church-going ; the husband might be a stop-at-bome and the wife a gad-ibout, and so unhappiness was the result. Much uuhappi cess was also caused by a want of tidiness and of a consideration of the value of money by the ?wife. No man liked to come home and find his wife and home in an untidy condition ; nor did he like to find that his wife had been incurring heavy debts without his knowledge. The lec turer expressed his disapproval of women going forth into the world as lawyers, doctors, and preachers, and stated that although women might do much good in either of those spheres, yet their proper place was in the home. He also spoke against the idle and dissipated habits of maiiy men, and, in conclusion, advocated openness of character during courtship, no pampering during the honeymoon, and that as far as possible unsuitable marriages should be avoided. The lecturer waa listened to with great interest and frequently applauded. It was announced that a cookery class is shortly to be established in the Hall. This is the .closing lecture of the series which had been arranged to take place in the Hall during the winter. The lectures and entertainments have been largely availed of by the classes for whom they were started, and the average attendance has been much larger than during last year. Poet Corporation. — This body held its ordinary meeting in the day for the first time on Thursday afternoon, August 11. The Mayor stated that the Government silt supply was limited, and likely to be stopped altogether in a few days. The Licensed Victuallers' Associa tion took the unusual course of seeking opposi tion to the transfer of a licence, the case being ru application to transfer the licence of R. Bulnian fer the Prince Alfred Hotel to Chris topher Hackendorf. The ground was that it was nnlikely the house would be respec tably conducted under the new proprietor, and the Council adopted the extreme measure of empowering the Mayor to oppose the transfer if his enquiries confirmed the accu racy of the report. It was moved that the Government be asked to redeem the promise made to remove the building on North-parade krown as Captain Simpson's, but a majority of Councillors was in favour of allowing the Government a fuller opportunity to redeem the promise without being reminded of it. Theatre Rotal. — Mrs. G. B. Lewis as Selim, and Mr, Thorne as the almond-eyed Celestial, were successful in their endeavours to amuse those who witnessed Thursday night's perform ance of 'Blue Beard.' To-night is announced as the last of this burlesque and its inimitable baby ballet. A Kepebhensiule Trick. — During the journey of the Gawler train towards town on Thursday evening, and when near Dry Creek, a stone was thrown at it with such force as to splinter the panel of the door of one of the second-class carriages. The missile came with such force against the train that one of the passengers thought it waa the report of a pistol in an adjoining carriage. The Civil Sittings.— A suit for judicial separation, brought by Ann Heylen against Thomas Heyleu, of Adelaide, was partly heard before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut and a Jury at Thursday's sitting, and to-day the case will be concluded. The witnesses were ordered out of Court, and in consequence the report is held over. United Ancient Order ov Drtjids.— For some time past several residents of Gawler have been anxious to establish a Druids' Lodge in that township, and a week ago Mr. J. T. Barker, chemist, of Gawler, took the matter in hand. He started a list, and within a day or two he secured twenty- five signatures of persona auxious to join. It is anticipated the opening of the Lodge will take place next week, when the officers from Adelaide will be invited to perform the ceremony. Chalsieus Chceck Mcsicax Association — The members of this Association will give a concert this evening in the Flinders- street Presbyterian Church Lecture Hall. - Yousa Mes's Christian Association.— A musical and literary entertainment in con nection with this Association will be given in Salisbury Chambers this evening. The SorTU Adelaide Football Club.— Out Correspondent at Willunga writes as follows :— ' .Referring to correspondence in your columns re the South Adelaide Football Club, permit me to say a few words in their behalf. A team from that club visited us on the 6th inst., and, excepting a little roughness (some say unfair) on the part of one member, the whole team conducted themselves, both on the ground and in the township, in a most creditable manner, and I believe both sides thoroughly enjoyed. a friendly and pleasant game.' Unclaimed Watches. — We have been in formed by the police that thera are a number of watches in connection with the Watts and Ambler case now lying at the Police Station for identification. Db. Whit-tell.— Mr. H. Lloyd Whittell has heard from his father from Malta this mail. TheJDoctor had felt the passage through the Bed Sea to be very trying, but at the moment fo writing he was recovering his strength. Dog-Poisontho.— Oar Blinm3n correspondent writes as follow: — 'Now that a raid is being made against the dogs, and the Dog Act is being rapidly enforced, it is only right that registered dogs should be protected, and the Act regulating the use of poison should be rigidly enforced. At the present time there is no security, and strychnine is thrown about broadcast along lines of traffic and in our towns. Thus, valuable and harmless animals are sacrificed, in spite of collars and registration-fee. The stockowner is paid by Government for protecting his owu sheep from the voracious dingo, and the Govern ment should protect the licensed dog from the barefaced and reckless breach of an Act of the Legislature in the matter of using poison under certain limits and conditions.' Weitk's Kooms.— There was again a good attendance at this place of amusement on Thursday night, when D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment was repeated. The applause was hearty and frequent, and the perfonnaBces weli merited it. Zoological Station at Port Jackson. -We learn that it is proposed to establish on the shores of Port Jackson a zoological station on the model of those of Naples and Newport, for the purpose of affording facilities to naturalists who are desirous of engaging in the study of the interesting and highly characteristic fauna of Australia. The Government of New South Wales have granted a piece of land, and placed the sum of £300 on the Estimates in aid of the erection of a building, but the amount will not be available unless an equal amount is raised by private subscription. The object of this station will be to provide scientific naturalists with a convenient working-place, in such a position that they will have ready at hand abundant fresh n-.aterial for the investigations in which they may be engaged, Tii£ Ltnch Fasult or Eellringrrs. — Tils company appeared at Quorn oc Monday last to a crowded home, and in consequence of the success of the entertainment an extra one was acEouiiced for the following evening. In our advertising columns will be found the Bell riiigers' anacgements for the remainder of this and ctxt wtek. l:osf.is Catholic O-ErHASAOE i-' Westers Australia.— We have been desired to call attention to an advertisement in another column calling for pecuniary help on behalf of the Ecir.an Catholic Orphanage for Girls and Boys in Wcs-orE Australia. The Vicar-General of Ptnh (-he Vtry Eev. M. Gibceyi is now in Adelaide, and will be glad to receive su^-- scription?. National Rifle Association. — We are de sired to call attention to Meisrj. Wills k Co.'s advertisement in another column in reference to memoirs' uciforn:!'. 