2[ELBOURXE. Inmt Otffl OW.N- COPJtliStfOKDI^?-) V" Wednesday Evening. | j ^spectator of the little, incident of Mr j jw ftting ori the side he did not m'erfn to ! division on the Stock T?ax tllia morri i -jjujaysay that there was no mistake i it the tenacity with which Mr Cook I cjun2to his victim and prevented him from ! 0,..jaCr the House to take his seat with the j t.ej" }Ir Bent's resistance to this touching ■ ill-timed manifestation of personal at tachment on the part of a political opponent jas firm but riot violent,- and thus it was jjjjt some of the spectators wrote him down ! s paaive captive. Did they tlxirit that the i member for Brighton was going to' lea^e jfccoat tails in the possession of his friend, j format must have been the price of his freedom-. An inque3t was held by Dt Candler at Kw to-day, on the body of Mr Wni Fraser, of (he Sandhurst Money Order Office, who committed suicide whilst staying at the house ofhis mother-in-law, Mrs Annie Foy, a lidotr, residing in Wellington-street, Ken, under the circnmstauces leferred to in my last night's telegram. rThe evidence went to show thas the deceased had recently been in an excited state brought ou, according to the supposition of the Unfortunates man's wWi by losses iri mining; while the post mortem examination of the body proved {hat ie was suffering from a diseased brain. The jury returned a verdict of suicide, while of iiniound mina. Some time ago, Margaret Cronin, an un iharrieE ,woman; died at Carlton, leaving two wills. By the first she bequeathe^ her pro perty valued at about £S() to £ Mr J Bnchanan, of Emerald Hill, to whom she had to attached, and by the second, she re roked the first, and directe dthat her belong jj,os should be given to charitable institu tions. It was alleged that the second will tsb the result of undue infillence obtained over the deceased by certain interested parties, and the matter found its way into tie Equity Court. The judge decided that no undue influence had been proved, and he granted probate to the latter will. " Letters to administer the estate of Eliza Anne Lee Flak; the young ludy who died a martyr to tlie cause of cosmetics, were panted in the Equity Court to- day. She: lift property valued at £970. Probate was granted to-day. to wills as followstfdward Lucas, £979 ; Pochard Robinson, £1,394; Thomas Obbinson, £1,910; Elizabeth Grant, £4,200 ; E. P. Fyshley, £994; George Roberts, £3,288 ; Mard Ratten, £2,740 ; John Fitzgerald, £4,733 ; William Leakes, £8,612. Letters or administrate a were granted, to the follow ingestateaJean Albert Dunoyer, £1,719 ; Eliza A. L. Fisk, £974 ; John Bergen, £8,458 ; James Woodmason, £1,200. i The following tenders were announced to day:—Alterations and repairs at. the cour.t-, ioiiseliunollyj G. T. Weeks, JslOS) 8s 3d; fencing, tank and slieds at nfetf public-offices Horsham, W. Drumuiond, £364 10s; altera tions and additions to park-keeper's lodge,■ larra Park, F. Yates, £67 10s; alterations wd repairs at the Industrial schools, Gee long, Baxter and Sons, £114 3s Od; fitting for Botanical Museum, Melbourne, J. Reed and Company, £119163 Id; fencing, &c;, at tie new court-house, Stawell, tenders re ferred to department for consideration. Lord Salisbruy's most. remarkable speech i! Manchester gives great reason to hoipe tliat He crowning triumph of the Beaconsfield policy has been attained, and the ghost of taian aggression in the East finally laid. Tie Foreign Secretary's reference to the rumored" alliance between Germany and Austria was too significant to admit of any ether interpretation than that such an alli j&ce; was virtually a matter of fact, and his expression that it ,+oilld be "hailed with fiy by all lovers of the blessings of peace" taowed the importance he attached to it. It at least, it seems, be regarded as certain Hit Austria will undertake the task of •jading on permanent police doty, watching j«» attitude of Russia, and prepared to step Nat a moment's notice in case that power •jfempts a repetition of her gamo of 1876, W,J829, and previous occasions; and that foe fast hosts of Germany and the naval forces of England will fee ready to support «ririthan overwhelming power, which must finally and emphatically dispel these Russian "teams of aggression which hardly any one, Mr Gladstone, excepted, can bring bemselves to believe could have anything at a pernicious effect on the welfare of both "rope atid Asia, Should the news be con Jnned, by the way, we may expect shortly I e" °f a general election in England, as ™a Beaconsfield would net, be likely to ' such a propitious moment for an appeal °T_ cpwutry to pass by unused.' i;i view of ths intended establishment wnongat vis of a system of stamp duties, fauuded to a considerable extent upon that ialtoduccd into England from Holland by mlliamlll.j and retained with necessary Modifications up to the present day to_ the Mvjntaje of the revenue, it may be of inte nt to glance at the general principles laid ™wn in England a? to the interpretation of ' Stamp Acts in oases of non-comp'iance f'htheir provisions. Fraudulent evasion M course, punishable by the forfeiture on part of the fraudulent party of all benefit "wn the unstamped document as well as by 1,ect penalities ; while the • courts have ?Ta)'® held that no just claim shall be barred ?unintentional violation of the acta, and so unstamped document can be received as ! ®ce on proof that the omission was not rauclulent, and on payment of the stamp fee ■J1 a penalty. 33ills and promissory notes 'J^ever, are exempted from this privilege, We not legally recognisable unless /i*n uPon stamped paper. The stamp tt)' °n cheques will no doubt act beneficially i onninishing the number of small forgeries, " fnich such facilities are now offered by 2 reckless freedom with which blank o!?U.es.can n<w bu obtained at so many !"ie3 °f public resort for the mere asking. m English system of issuing stamped ';s to custonlel's only, with special to keep such boolcs tinder lock a(*0pted by the banks in this fVe s'la^' 110t ^,ear one half the '!1 ^lesc matters that we do at 4\\.i °f C0U1'39 the suggestion that an saiF ,PQS'age or other louse stamp would jo"1* instead of an embossed stamp would ^'th the safeguard, as plain M e* won'dliQ ;ig freu]y eXposed as over. .,!E dan- t r" ~ l-^oos ciiL , a reJaFS!<> i-s often as great as the wiist frw° i?' ' disease that assails u«. ),'• ,sciii'' tli'it-'Vf1 y v,''ieu the patient iss con .'?• s-ntintl nf . ,!:,"llal "f alarm is sounded by throiiM, c;lu""n- Prudence may carry us ;5>?k in(lKPvirn"5'ernus Phases of a disease, but i»!; jteed tlir-i, n"m tl,rn the scale against i ^Hinatinir „. r'c,(ie admonition, anil by a " ^matic Ki?i,,,Sa 0 y^olpho Wolfe's Schiedam ^l'Ps fortify the system acaiust 