"THE LAMB ^LAIN." AN OLD-FASHIONED TESTIMONY OF THE UOHl'Et. By the Rev. A. AYERKLL RAMSEY, Dcwsbury. " The Lamb!" There is but one Being in the universe known by this name. Under the Levitical economy there were lambs many ; but they were mere symbols of the Divine Person. " The Lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world." There should be no difficulty in identifying this woudrous Person. At Bethabara, beyond Jordan, John the Baptist, accompanied by two of his disciples, " looking upon Jesus as He walked," said, " Behold the Lamb of God !" And from the rocky isle of Patmos, John the Divine, "in the Spirit on the Lords day," saw a door opened in heaven, and " lo, in the midst of the throne . . . Btood a Lamb, as it had been slain !" (llev. v. 6.) What an unusual and surprising conjunction—a lamb on a throne ! Who ever heard of such a spectacle on earth 1 We should expect to see a lamb nestling in the shepherd's arms; or, reclining in the fold—" in green pastures" and " beside the still waters"; or, brought " to the slaughter "—bleeding under priestly knife, reeking on a sacrificial altar; but, a lamb on a throne would undoubtedly excite the wonder of every beholder. It is an extraordinary symbol, and has not been employed by the Holy Ghost, in the Revelation, without special significance. A lamb is the type of iunocency, of meekness, of patience. Does the vision simply indicate that inuocency is enthroned? Or, that meekness is enthroned ? Or, that patience is enthroned ? Is this all I Nay; among Gentiles and Jews, in all ages, a lamb has been pre-eminently the symbol of sacrifice. And that " wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err," concerning the meaning of this symbol, '' lo, in the midst of the throne . . . a Lamb, as it had been slain!" Verily, the vision is plain, "he may run that readeth it"—the expiatory sacrifice is enthroned! Jesus Christ, the Saviour of sinners—whose Deity is denied by some, and whose Propitiation is rejected by others—is, to-day, " far above all principality, and power, and, might, aud dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come." (Epli. . i. 21.) The slain Lamb in the midst of the Throne is "this same Jesus," to whom John bears record, saying, " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world." The name by which the Redeemer of men is known and celebrated in heaven is this—" the Lamb !" (Rev. v. 8). The highest place and the highest honours are accorded to Ilim in His mediatorial dress, " a vesture dipped in blood." " A Lamb stood on the Mount Sion " (Rev. xiv. 1). The highest wisdom and authority are a'cribed to Him in this capacity. The opening of the sealed book, in the hand of the Infinite, is accomplished amid the rejoicings of celestial hosts by "the Lamb " (Rev. v. 7, vi. 1). The victory over Satan, and over the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit, with his allied troops, is achieved " by the blood of the Lamb!" (liev. xii. 12, xvii. 14). The destiny of all creatures is in His hands, as Mediator; "the Lamb's book of life."—"The wrath of the Lamb." (Rev. xxi. 27, vi. 16). The " great multitude which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues," attribute their purity aud salvation to the Lamb. " They have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb " (Rev. vii. 14). Do they sing 1 " Tho song of tho Lamb" (Rev. xv. 3). Do they give thanks i " Worthy is tho Lamb that was slain to receive . . . blessing " (Rev. v. 12). Are they "arrayed in line linen, clean and white V' " Prepared as a bride adorned for her husband"—" tho bride, the Lamb's wife " (Rev. xxi. 9). Do they banquet in blissful satiety ? "The Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed tliein" (Rev. vii. 17). " These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever Ho goeth" (Rev. xiv. 4). Doubt it who may, the Scriptures unmistakably reveal the truth, that, in heaven, our Lord Jesus Christ is recognised, exalted, extolled, and enthroned, as the sin-atoning Saviour; who gave " Himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God," and purchased the Church of God " with His own blood " (Eph, v. 2, Acts xx. 28). There are not a few persons, associating with Christian Churches in the present day, who avow a disrelish for the old Evangelical doctrine of atonement for sin. In the sublimity of intellectual culture they affect a well-bred repugnance to, what they are pleased to call, " the revolting ideal of a Deity propitiated by blood." Their ideal of Christ is a Divine Moralist, a perfect Exemplar, a noble Philanthropist, a self-sacri6cing Hero. They tell us that it is not the death of Christ that saves ; but His blameless life that inspires men lo goodness and brings us near to God. We must not be their disciples. We dare not accept their creed. Was it a Iking lamb that saved the Israelites, when the Angel of Death marched through the land of kgypt at midnight to slay the firstborn ? Did trod say to His people, "Take a live spotless lamb; aid, when I see it, white and innocent, tied to the uoor-postp, I will pass over your dwelling and spare your hrsfcborn ?" Nay ; but, " When I sec THE BLOOD, I will pass over you." It was death that kept death out. It was the sprinkling of blood on lintel and door-posts that sheltered and saved ! Aud only by «the sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ' may a guilty soul be cleansed from sin aud delivered from the wrath to come. I have sinned. You have sinned. But we are redeemed with " the precious blood of Christ , as of a lamb without blemish and without spot" (1 Peter i. 10). " Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us, therefore let us keep the feast." In humble, joyful faith, " Behold the Lamb of God," and "being now justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Ilim" (Rom. v. !)). 