FICTION. Dram Engllih, American, und ofber Periodical!, Who Was Guilty? CHAPTER XXXVII. L1TTI.B ALFBED's 7BAYXB. The sunshine lay glittering on southern slopes, mingled with sharp shadows, clear as cut steel, while the woods, unshaken by a breath of wind, stood as motionless as though a fairy, with sudden wand, had struck them into an enchanted sleep, Unelouded Vy a fleecy speck, the sky, deep blue, bung high above the seething landscape, and hazily blending with its sapphire vales, loomed the great hills pur- plish and mystic, Nearer to the eye rose tall cingle trees, drooping with 1 eat, still as sentinels, every limb and leaf sharply defined against the quiet air, their shadows hing crisp upon the shining green. Beneath these the fainting cattle stretched themselves uneasily, with a weary lo->k of pain in their patient eyes. And down in the dells, panting sheep sought the small shelter that the shade of a hedge could give, as like a ribbon long drawn out, it rested on the sward-a narrow strip of gray. Silently the tired mowers pli'id their scythes, with thirst upon their lips, and in the Innes, vbere drooping roses ehedtheir l6avaa upon the dust, heavily laden waggons went creaking home, slowly shaking on the sultry air the scent of fragrant hay. The primroses were detid, and the violets slept, but upon every hedge the honeysuckle clustered, a very wilderness of sweets, rnd the columbine hunç its purple crown amid peeping periwinkle and trail- ing morning-glories. Such a wealth of perfume, such a wealth of odor, all spread silently beneath the summer sun as in the fierceness of hisstrenght he mounted the ambient sky. Oh, the long, long day-how slowly it rose to the zenith, how slowly it sack to the wane 1 And as the languid hours crept weirily on, a child watched the shadows lengthen, with wistful eyes fixed on Cre hylls, With a patient perseveramos characteristic of his nature, he sat over agrinst the mansion, waiting hoping, longing, wearying for the great dooiB to open, dreaming be should see issue forth, coming toward him with kindly smile, the graceful lady who had pitied him in the church-yard of Penkivel. What a strange picture the little forlern figure made, seated on that secluded hillock in the park, watching with big, tearful eyes the glaring cistle, seeing it chango from glistening white to gray, see- ing here and there a sign of dainty life about its stately shadow ; but never, nevor seeing the presence for which he longed, " Will she never come ?" he said ; and tears, long repressed, fell down fast on the pale, pinched cheeks of the little wanderer. Then he brushed them away and watched ag 'in, renewing the f-'inting hope in his childish heart with whispsreti words of comfort, and thoughts of ancient stories of little children like himself, who had been brave and patient, and through constancy hud won fortune. He thought of Whittington sittbg on the stone by the waraide hungry and faint, wondering where heehould lay his head. " But I'll never turn back like Whittington," he said ; and forthwith his large, wistful eyes, gather- ing brightness from the resolve within him, glanced upward to the -ky, sm.ling with hope and prayer. Once or twice he opened the tiny bundle, which , he kept so carefully by his side, and took thence a piece of bread, which some kind heart had given him the day before, as bis small feet trailed weari- ly on the dusty way, This was all the food he had ; but he drank often of the brook that ran close by babbling to him as it went such strange and beauti- ful dreams of the unknown world, that jaded men and heartless women, could they have read tbem as they rose before those pure, fresh eyes, would have turned away their heads in shame, and wept in bitterness. The day was long, but perhaps to him the sun's strength was tempered, and the sultry hours passed softly over the small bowed head that in such gen- tle patience watched their fli ht. But ah ! it was hard to see the sun go down and yet catch no glimpse of the kind free for which he had waited with such wonderous steadf istness through tha long, long summer diy. So as the shadows grew thick about him, creeping darkly to his feet . like dim ghosts of dead Crebylls, bis spirits sank, his grief, his loneliness, his terrors come crowding on his heart at once, and with sobs and tears he fell on his knees to pray. In his childish anguish the words dropped from his lips aloud : " Lord have mercy on ma I I am only a little child. I have wnited and trusted all the day. Bring me to the dear, kind lady-let me see htr face. Give me food and shelter, I am afraid of this loneliness, lam afraid to sleep upon the ground again. Help me, dear Lord ! help a little child, who has no home." ?.rtpAa his simple praj er ceased, a slight sound made bim |ift his head from his hands, and there, stand- ing $e»eatb the bank, he saw a tiny creature dressed in wfai'te, with a face like an angel's regarding him with gfàve surprise and tearful sympathy. "Are you praying to see mamma?" she said " Come with me and I will load you to her." She climbed the steep bank as she spoke and held out her hand to bim. Ashamed of his tears, he turned his face from her shyly, not ¿aring to take tho little extended hand ; but she seized his with gentle force, and bending over him, for he was still 'kneeling, she kifsed him suddenly and wiped his tejare away with her handkerchief. -, " Don't cry any more, poor boy," she said, pitifully. 'Come to mamma now; she is in the seat there beneath the May-tree." Hand in hand they descended the bank together, the boy, who with such steady purpose, such won- drous patience, had ' waited throughout the day, ' depressed now and silent, the girl full of prattle and of questions, Obliged to rall; to reply^to them j he became unconsciously more self-possessed, more erect in mein, and as he spoke of his wrongs, the cruelties of the coward Whalley, and his own resolves to go out into the world alone, his eyes flashed, and there cime into bia pale cheeks a tinge of color. Then the gill grew silent, looking on bim with a gaze full of innocence and wonder. It was thus the children presented themselves be- fore a lady, propped with cushions, reclining on a seat placed beneath a group of hawthorne, whose dying blossoms sprinkled her as she lay. " Mamma," said the child, gently. The lady raised her head languidly from the cushion, and the little Alfred law h face wan as a shadow, pale with the sufferings of long sickness but it waa not the face that had bent over him lov- ingly in the church-ysrd of Penkivel. Struck with chill dismay and disappointment, he grasped his little companion's hand in a tighter clasp, and stood silent and trembling. The lady gazed upon the two children with a strange shadow of perplexity deepening in her eyes. She saw upon their your-g faces a mutual likeness that startled her-a likeness not to be de- nied or mistaken. There is a something myste- rious, which marka the faces and bearing of every family, enabling us to recognize in a moment those who are of the same blood. Ia the lineage of tbe Crehylla thia teal of race and resemblance lay upon the forehead and brows, giving to the face of each scion of the family what the country people called the " Crehylls-look." It was an earnest look -a contraction of the brow, denoting patience and peiseverancs. Of late years, enervated perhaps by wealth, this patience in the »ce had degenerated into weakness, and their ancient name, Crebylls crushed-adopted by the ancestor who slew the dragon, sesmed more adapted to express their Buf- fering than their prowess, Now, this steadfast Crehylla look upon the children's faces, as they stood with brows the counterpart ench of each, brought a flush of wonder to the invalid's pale cheeks. "This is tnpmmB," said the little girl, dragging Alfred forward ; " this ia Lady Crehylla, " No," returned the boy, dropping her hand with a patient si^li, " that is not Lady Crehj Ila-that is not the lady I want to see." " Who is your companion, Lydia ?" said Lady Crehylla, a little sternly. The tone of her mother's voice Etruck the little creature painfully ; she gave one wistful lo¡ k on the wan, weary figure, whose hand had just un- clasped hers, and then rushing impetuously for- ward, she clasped her arms round the neck of the sick lady. " Mamma," ehe whispered, very low, " I heard him praying. Ile asked God to send him to Lady Cre- hylla ; and he aaid he was lonely and afraid-afraid to lie on the ground ftgain, mamma. He said, too, that he had no home, and he asked God to pity bim. Dear mamma, you have told me that wicked children never pray ; so I thought he was good, and I might bring him to you." The lady listened to her little daughter quietly, except for a slight trembling of the lip, and then she kissed her. " Doubtless you have done right. Lydia," she said ; " but let us hear what the little boy has to say for himself." "Ob, minimi," interrupted Lydia in an earnest whieper, "don't let him know I have told you what I heard. I* would be so cruel. And he says he has run away from a wicked schoolmaster." RaisinR herself on her fragile arm, Lady Crehyils beckoned Alfred Singleton to draw nearer, " What is your name ?" she said, " and why do you wish to seo mo ? Is it true you have run away ?" "Yes; I hive walked fr im Ex-t>r," he answered. " It is a fortnight ago since I got out of the window in the ea»K- morning and ran away. I hid in th? woods till nightf .<llt then I walked Us for iib I could and hid again. It waa very lonely in the woods. I was afraid, and erie i something ; but I never thought of stopping er ot going back." "So you hive run away from school P" said Lady Crehjlls, rçriwely. For ii moment the boy hung his head abashed, then he raised his eyes to hera and clasped his bonds nervously. "If you knew all, you would not be angry," he said, "Two of the boys have agreed to kill them- selves if their fathers send them back next half and last monih I s iw a little boy die at school. He was smaller than me, and Mr. Whalley beat him till he fell down. Then they carried him to bed, and in the night I atole into his room, and put my arm about his neck, ' Is that you, Alf ?' he said. ' Kiss me, dear.' And when I kiBsed him his face was cold. 'Don't stay here to die, like me Alf,' hfa whispered. ' Run away, else you'll be killed, too " " And o'id the poor child die ?" asked L'idy Cre- hylla, in a ton» of horror. " He was quite cold when I stole away from his bedside," nn-jweied the little Alfred, simply, " He bad no father and mother, and his uncle is in India, No one said anything when he waa buried." " It appears to me you did quite right to escape from such a master," returned Lady Crehyils, glanc- ing wistfully on her own child. " But, my dear, why did you not go home ?" " I bave no home," said the boy, clasping and un- clasping his thin, small fingers as he spoke. "My mother ia dend, and I don't know where my father lives. Mr. Whalley always Bent my letters to him He does not cire for me, I think." The dreary, quiot tone in which he spoke had a pathos in it past description. It pierced the heart of Lady Crahylla with a deep pang, filled as it was with forebodings of the coming orphanage of her own child. "Oh, your father loves you, my dear," she said, w'Stfully. " You must not think otherwise. Tell me why you dime to Crehyils." "I thought to see the lady," returned Alfred Sin- gleton) "she told meto come to her, if I needed a friend, nere is her letter." He took it from between the leaves of a book in the little bundle he carried, pnd banded it to Lady Crebylls. There she read these few words : " Dear Child : Remember I am called Lady Cre- hyils, and should you need a friend, come to me without fear, and I will help you. Keep tb.it letter, lest you should forget my name, and bear this firmly iu mind, that I um your friend. Agatha CnEHYLns. "This letter is from the Dowager Lady Crebylls my sister-in-law," said the Bick lady. "You should bave gone to Penkivel, my dear ; she lives there " " I asked all the people I met where Lady Crebylls lived," answered Alfred, "and they said at Ca6tle Crehyils. Please, how tar is it to Penkivel ? Can I get there to-night if I walk fast ?" The patient bearing of the boy, as shouldering his bundle again he stood prepared to start forth once more on a weary journey, struck Lady Crehyils with sorrowful admiration, AU her boys were dead. If her favorite, if Lawrence had lived, he too, would have had an undaunted spirit like this little atrangor. Ah, bow proud Bhe would have felt at his courage ! With wistful eyes she looked upon Alfred Singleton's flushing face, and laid her hands kindly on hie am j "You cannot walk to Penkivel, my boy," she seid "You shall stay here to-night, and to-morrow we will send you to my sister's in a carriage. Penkivel is more than thirty miles away. New, my love " she continued, turning to her little girl, " call the servants to help me in, I am tired, and it grows cold" "May go with her?" asked Alfred eagerly Lady Crehylls smiled and nodded. So the child- ren went awiy hand in hand again, but in »moment Lydia ran back, " Mamma," she whispered, " if the little boy is a friend of Aunt Agatha's, may he not be my friend too ? Please don't send him away bo soon aa to- morrow. I am so lonely here. I have no one to play with, you kuow, but you." The djinglady could scarcely repress her tears, Lonely I-was ber child lonely now P Oh, what was this loneliness to thnt greater pain drawing nearer and nearer day by day ! "Aunt Agatha's friend," she repeated, thought- fully. " Yes, darling, her friends may always be your friends too. The little boy may stay longer than to-morrow if he likes " " Oh, I know he'll like to stay I" cried Lydia. " You dear, good mamma, how kind your are 1" she said, and kissing her, she ran oil eagerly to rejoin her little companion, "The boy is a gentlemen's sen evidently," ob- served Lady Crehylls to herself. "I cannot have done wrong. Perkaps he is some poor clergyman's child, Agatha is always kind to orphans. Doubt lees she knew his father and bis family, or she would not have written to the child." 