THE MYSTEBIES OF CRIME; Th» EXPEBCEKGEfl OV AN E»IKBUBQH DBTE0TIT3B.— NO. CXVIIL (Tublisbed by speoial ammgemeni with tb« Author.] CONQUERING A THIEF. \ I have already said that I once had an enemy in the person of a troublesome; criminal,. who nevertheless became one ofj my best friends. The case is uncommon — i very uncommon — more's the pity ; but .to those who make crime and criminals their study, it may not be without interest. I have now to relate how his hate was incurred by me— what that hate prompted!: him to — and how the surprising revulsion; . and change came about. I say ' surpris Jllg, MClXtUSCj UUUUgU A niJbO U1C UllWlblllUtft agent, I was a^ood deal younger then, andi the result astonished even me. Then I was^ only groping my way to experience in these: things— now I know a good deal more ofj :ihe power of affection, even among; criminals, I am not ashamed to confess that it is a lever that I have since used on| every possible occasion, when there was a chance of raising a human being out of the: mire. ..'?.'. . ' j Ben Rhodie, known among his, palls as the 'Blue Pigeon,' from hislikiBg for lead-' stealing, was one of the most active and recHessly-daring in all Macluskey's gang. He was quite a young man, and rather, plain-looking than other wise ; but he had as much strength in his powerfullv-built frame as would have served any two. He was utterly indifferent to punishment, and' seemed quite as happy in . prison as out t»f it. Indeed, I may confess to a secret admiration for the man from the first, for! there seemed to be something noble in his carriage ; something that made him stalk through the world with his head two inches higher than his fellows— and when he! received twenty-five lashes for a robbery with violence '-after the Leith Races, as ecdlly aud smilingly as if .it had been a mere flea bite, I could not help exclaim ing- — ?' ..'..' ? : 'That man should not be a thief— he is cut out for something better.' ' j Every thief, I may tell the reader, coii-l sidefs himself an injured being, forced to continue in the profession by some romantic wrong or cruelty on the part x-f some one! else. This pet injury, in nine cases out of? ten, they promise to avenge -in the first possible occasion. In the case of the ' Blaej Pigeon ' I was the injurer, though of course; for me to have protested that the injury! was done unintentionally would have been; worse than useless. This is how it came about: — One Sunday morning, in summer, I was leaving the house for church, when I was pulled up at the door by a breathless mes senger from the Head Office, who placed; the following slipl:i my hand : — i 'Some lead- stripping has been done during the night at a half-finished house; out at the Grange. Only half of the plunder has been lifted, so there is achauce of a return visit to-night at the latest.! Take McSweeny with you, and watch the j place— yourselves being invisible— ^ till I morning. Particulars' with informant,! No- — Sciennes' Place.' / I started; off at once, picked up Me-; oweeny, ana ^ot out to tne address indi-! cated, where welearned that the crime hadj been discovered in a : curious but very; ' simple manner. . '\ Gne.of the working plumbers living in the Sciennes, not far from the house in progress, hatl put up a bundle of wood odd scraps-^on Saturday, to carry away; but having forgotten it, had sent round his boy fpr it early on the Sunday morning,^ after directing him how to enter the build ing, and; cautioning him to be careful inj crossing the uncovered beams forming the floor of the topUat. 'ihe boy accomplished the feat successfully ; but, before entering the finished wing, which, having a flatroof, had been covered with lead, he was pulled up by a starring discovery. Two thick rolls of sheet lead, all jagged and uneven at the edges, lay across the beams near the fire-j place, while in the fireplace itself were carefully propped a jemmy, an empty gill-f bottle, and a dark lantern, fedused by the curious discovery, and wise enough to know that the jagged and torn edges -were not the work of a plumber, he crept into the finished wing and fpund a long plank in readiness leading up to the open hatch in the roof. To run up this was only a moment's work for a 'boy; and then the dismantled roof spoke for itself, and sent him spinning home with something far more important than the bundle of sticks he had been sent for. McSweeny and I got to th^ house by different routes shortly after the church bells had rung in, and examined th^ little trinkets left behind with considerably interest. : 'Why don't they put their names on their tools, like other workmen, anil giv^ an honest detective a chance?' feaid Mc Sweeny with some asperity, after1 sniffing over the jemmy and lantern in vain. 'By japers,I'il spake to them about it When we ketch them. Why should we be condemned to solitary confinement for a jwhole day and a night in a house without windows, and with as many draughts in it as. there are rogues in the world, when we could jusjt step up to their houses and say, 'Blu0 Pigebn,avick, ye're wanted,' and then go home to our dinners comfortable 'P It isn't 'fair-^begorrai it isn't. - ! ' Ah, the loss of your Sunday dinner lias ? frot into your head,' I answered, with tantalising coolness. *' I've »b doubt they'd dolt, though, if they could hear you talli, ifit wasonl^ to €tbp your tongue.' ' i t ???-?«« Blood alite, if j^ou wouldn^t profokia St'Pataick -Jninself. Ye're a- Scotchman, Janiie) more sorribw to ye, aft/ye take thesla things mighty eooL- jFaith,:'i Relieve ye'jl do without mate fo* a week if ye onlV though there wa«a thafeat'the^nd of it. 'f *' At the end of Wh&p-rt;%kimea,t?!' | ^j^o^the weeki y& sirijierr Bat, nevfijr ' njind,-'y^r«?cr6sB word§ arQ-hAy: fun to m(f- 'W*ecleverJJigil«,5aii'-tiidt inafees up foL aidftieVbutforaUtli^ yefcaWt^eiimewhb 1 did^ie^ittle^ob/'L -..;.??, til ? .v,,-^ 5 I : 'Nojl can't; but perhaps I may before^ morning. lihodie, the 'Blue Pigeon,* eems the likeliest nian.' ] ' Right ye are, Jamie. If his lips didn't suck that bottle dry last night, I'll never risk another guess, Let's hope the villain 11 come to lift the rest while the good people's at church, an' save us ketchinf rheumatism as well as thieves. It's a blessirf ifs not winter, or these draughts would have kilt us both-dead.' j The wish was not- gratified, for our wai|; was both long and wearis )me ; and many a queer expedient did we try to beguile the time. The churches went in and came out, and the afternoon crept into evening, bring ing with it stray couples of lovers, who went past laughing and joking, and little dreaming that in the solitary unfinished house there lurked men eager to seize one of the moBt daring criminals that ever in fested Edinburgh. On that point, at least, we were both at one — a confirmed criminal is safe only within the walls of a prison* Young as he was, I considered Jihodie' booked for a life of crime. Not so many days before, some one had asked me what sort of a man ; he was, and I unhesitatingly replied, 'One of the very worst — not a= park of good In him.' I was wrong, of course, as I would have been had I said it| about any man in the wide world; and the; first shake to my belief was to come not so' long after in the shape of a trifling circum-; stance . which I shall relate in its proper, order. .: .-. . ., i . .: . . : \ Well, the sun went down and the mo n took its place, and the stragglers got fewer; and fewer tall at last they ceased altogether, and then I found it was close on half-past;; twelve.- Then we- heard a footstep, not on the road in fit-nt- but in the green field be^ hind* and, slipping out of the hiding-places, we had arranged to shade us from the moon-; light, we peered out into the darkness be4 hind. . A single-shadow^— that of a welH built man, with a fur cap drawn tight down? over his ears— was getting over by thef mason's shed, and McSweeney gripped me hard by the shoulder and pulled me back. ; 'There's only one, and it's the 'Blue) Pigeon,'' he whispered. 'He has done) the job single-handed to get the more profit^ That accounts' for him leaving the half till to-night/' : -......'.? ... \ Slipping hurriedly back to our places,! we listened ill silence. Pat, pat, pat—: creak, creak* creak— we .heard the cautious; footsteps crossing the floor underneath and! then ascending the bare wooden staircase.' Nearer and nearer, feeling every. step, came! the intruder, and then he appeared in the open doorway directly facing me. I shrank back; instinctively, even though I knew I| was effectually screened from the most piercing eye; and I -could not but admire! the: method and care displayed in everyi movement of the man before me. Every? step across the open beams, which as yet; formed -the only flooring, was made as; cautiously and softly as if he had been; treading on the edge of a precipice, and! then, quite unsuspiciously, he stooped for ward over the two rolls of lead to feel for, his tools. The gill bottle was carefully stowed away in his breast pocket, the lan tern in another, and the jemmy down the ? lining in the back of his coat ; and then het stooped to lift one of the rolls of lead. It! was only a trial, though, for he let it lie ? while he took a long breath. ; ' It's d — d heavy — heavier than the last,*' he muttered. ' Well, I've only one more 4vin anil -flia t'hinrr'a tlnna Hava rrnaa ?' : With a grunt and a groan he got the; thing on his shoulders, turned cautiously andf gingerly round to face the door, and saw — a=! ghost! ; Yes — therein the door way -, full in the: light, stood McSweeny; and before the yell; rising to the astonished villain's lips had died away, the pile of flooring deals that? had concealed me were dashed downj aud I had my hand on his shoulder. 'Stop, -Ban,' I said; 'it's too heavy — let me help you.' He instantly jerked round his head, omV to behold my smiling face, and then I thought he would have dropped. The! . whole thing was so utterly unlookedTf6r, that I question if, for the moment, he did: not doubt his own senses. A straggling tramp, a stray policeman, or an old half-deaf; watchman might have been there, but two detectives ! it was too much. : 'Betrayed! Who has done it?' he gasped. *' Nobody at all, Ben,' I answered ; ' j ust; this/' and! was about to lay my hand on= the. roll of lead, when ; with malicious sud denness he.let it slip from his shoulder, and come flop down on the spot at that moment covered by my feet. I j umped just in time,' and the heavy mass want through the ope a' beams crash down upon the floor below J The sound had not died away, when, taking advantage of the moment, he ran lightly across the open beams towards the door guarded by McSweeny. - . ' ! 'Come away, my jewej!' cried McSweeny, opening his arms wide. 'Sure; if ye get one grip of mine, ye'U be in no danger of tumblin' down after the lead.' \ But Rhodie was not to get so far. My blood was now up at his treachery, and for the moment quite as reckless as himself, I made one spring from the fireplace to th^ middle of the room, just managing to clutch bis collar and no more. The sudden tu-£ brought him down, and I went with himj. I came down across the beams, but he, in Wriggling round to get his hands on m;r hroat, went through with a plunge and a : yell. For a . second he hung by my am i alone, which was dragged through alonj^ with jiiiYi ; but the jerk and weight were too much for me in that peculiar positior , . nd with a wrench he was gone. 'Holy Moses i luck at that, now,' criei McSweeny, gaping down after him; 'he'p Jso fond of the lead that he's gone after it^' w Never mind the lead/' J cried, getting past him with a rush; 'there's none of ^t in hi6 shoes, 111 warrant. See — see, he fa moving.' - | We were down 'the woolen staircase with three bounds,1 and came up with him just in time 'to lift him back from one cjr theWindowSi He gave in with - a groai}, and sank w-eakly in a heap at my feet with a peculiar stagger thatgave me 'an inkling of the iniscbief donet i . ? ; *- A=re you hurt, Ben ?' I asked/trying tp raise him. ..'?-? j il Ask that, after doing it,' he ? groaned, with: a fearful oath. u Yes. my anklefe ' ont^-if that'liplease you. But I'll t-ay you back yetj though/ 1 should ; have to wai^; , tweirty;y-ears'f-or-it,^ ./:; ::i ff-;; . ; -; j .? ^**Twasmn^c^ideht, maB--iI didn't mean -t/J I warmly returned* . ; . : - He remained silent, and I knew what that meant. ; 'Well, stick to, ybur own opinion, and much good *nay it «k-; you,' I impatiently continuedj lifting him to hia feet. ' ' Come on now—tin spite . of your ill temper, I'll help you to walk.' ; ' And what am I to do ?' put in McSweeny, ruefully scratching his head. 'You? — you're to carry the lead, of course,' I coolly returned. ' Begorra, I thought as much. Ben, ye divil, ye ought to be ashamed of yourself, fallin' down there and givin' honest men so much trouble. D'ye think Fin a porter, ye villin? Ay, ye may well groan. Why couldn't ye come in church time, like any other dacent man, 'an' then ye'd have seen your way across the boords better? Spake about payin' back ! — humph ! I wonder who's got the most raison to com plain!' and, with many a grunt, McSweeny managed to get the roll of lead on his shoulder, and then we got out of the place the best way we could. ~ We made but slow progress till we fell in with a cab, which soon hurled us up to the Office, plunder and all; and then j Khodie's ancle was attended to before he was locked up. But though his ancle got well, with care and rest, aud in a few weeks he was able to limp up from the loek-up to the High Court, handcuffed to a policeman, to take \- his trial, his. grudge against me remained; He made no secret of it — told me roundly to my face that lie would 'do it' on the first opportunity. 'Make it as hot for me as ye like/' he said, defiantly. ' They can't give me more than seven years at the worst, and my revenge will keep for that time.' I only whistled, for I thought , him incorrigible; but it was in that very walk- short as it was, that my opinion began to change. . , A number of idlers had crowded round in our wake, as they always will do in the High street, and were trotting with us the short distance, almost hiding us frotn. ordinary passers bj. But there was one eye there that they could not screen us from. An old woman, miserably clad, and borne down with years andCcare, rushed from the opposite site of the street and pushed wildiy through the crowd to get 4 better look. For a moment her eyes ap-^ peared ready to jump from their sockets a* they met those of the criminal we were, escourting, and then a terrible look of agony . crossed her face as she wailed out— j ' Oh, Benny, Benny ! have they got ye again ?' j The thief averted his eyes and pressed; forward, with an unmistakeable twitching about the mouth. ' 'Faster, faster! why don't, you go. faster?' he hurriedly got out. , . ?' \ But though our pace was quickened the old woman would not be shaken off, but. followed us, wringing her hands and wildly addressing the subdued on-lookers — . ' Oh, sorry's the day ! did I rear him and suckle him for this ? My own fleshj and blood turns away from me in shame !; Oh, Benny, though all the world turns agin ye, your mother's still the same !' He stopped in his hurried limping and turned full round on her — not in anger, but with a queer look convulsing his face that fairly staggered me. ' Go home, mother— go home,' he got out, in a choking husky way. ' Don't be coming after the like of me.' ' I won't go home, and I will come after ye !' was the sharp, despairing rejoiner. ** Oh, good people, he's my boy— only he's took to bad ways, an* I hav'nt seen him since his last trial, two years ago. Oh, wirra \ did ever I think he'cl come to this ?' and a choking burst of sobs drowned the rest. -??.-????- ??-.:? u Faster, faster !' hoarsely whispered the thief with a strange agitation. ?' Why did ye bring me that way ?' 'Benny, Benny, my boy!' almost screamed the poor woman from behind, ' won't ye say one word to your mother ??': He turned sharp round on the crowd as: he put his foot on the first step of the! Court-House. ; 'Take— take her away,' he got out,, with the .old twitching at the mouth ; ' 1 can't^— can't speak to her,' and in a moment' more we were within the building. I was roused— -surprised— agitated by the strange incident; and as we got within the wide l6bby: I looked keenly into his! face, and could have sworn tfeat I, saw! the! merest vestige of a tear glistening in his eye.. ' I will conquer that man yet,' I said ex citedly to myself, as he was led off; '„' I will get at his heart some day, be that day ' far or near.' : ? Quite contrary to my previous intention j I did not 'make it hot' for him. So far asMcS weeny's. evidence and my own went he was very lightly spoken of ; but the pre4 vious convictipn stood there in bjack and white, and could not be got over. The sen-^ tence was five years' penal servitude. As the words were pronounced, two sharp moans — those of a woman— broke the stillness of the Court-room. He turned sharp round at the sound, and let his eye run over the crowd of faces till it rested on mine, immediately behind him. ' That's my mother,' he muttered, with a vengeful look ; into my eyes; 'I won't ? orget it, when the time comes.' The threat caused me no concern, for, truth to tell, at the moment I. was think ing more of the poor; woman than of him or myself. I had got iuterested in her, and anxious to know how she came to be living in honesty and poverty while lier son was going the opposite way— headlong to ruio. As he was removed, I got out of my seat and helped the weeping woman from the room. He did not see it, for he was gone ; but other eyes, quite as sharp, did. These beloBged to a cripple lad, an expert pick pocket, who ;fro^ nislbng fingers was callejd J' The .Wire,' and whom I nad once be friended whitm he. was taken up and likely - to bfe convicted inplace of another thief. Wiy acquaintance' with , Rhpdie's ' mother iiid not end witK tHe day'of.thb trial.1 jl, learnt her simple story, how she had strug gled by eveTy artifice in her power to keep him from ruin when a lad, and only to be ? deserted by.' hiin; !ftltdg«th6r when he ba-: came a man. '''. Wheij I m^de ^rer: ^quaih|- 1 ance shewaSin^ly HW tlie! Jpw^tj s'^ige; of . poverty— actyia)lj; starring Q%$i$ eighteeii- ? pence . a -week, which jghe ??? ¥&eoij;$®&. ' * off itiQ Poor's Board anda,n-occasionaiday's WasH ipjpr, *' when she Jcb«[idfln& -any strength i?i lier ^^^wMclly; I:5fo\id?ey?p4st Hv* \ been very seldoiu.: ^e !oiif lembJe ste»-(- , that of gojng.dnto,;i^i;oo-hpuser^8h.e;fiaJtl been forced to contemplate, but ha^l put it off and put it off, in spite of well-meaning remonstrances, till she was like to perish in the struggle. I had met with many cases like hers, but sever with one that interested me so deeply ; for, mark you, this poor woman — this re ceiver of pauper's relief — this washer woman, racked with rheumatism — was still full of a proud, independent spirit. She was a woman of education, too, I found ; and if you had offered her a shilling would have greeted you with as haughty a stare as a lady of the realm. Under these circumstances I did the best in my power. I got her mentioned to an Indigent Society over in the New Town, and also to a gentleman at the West End in the habit of keeping a list of worthy persons for private bounty, and the result was that her weekly income was augmented by some three or four shillings, whichy with the work which I sometimes had it in my power to throw in her way, was like a little fortune to her. And all that time, though I little dreamed of it, the sharp eyes of 'The Wire' were upon me, tracking me about, and noting my every movement. It may be as well to note, too, that the house of the poor woman had been changed from the Grass Market to a lighter and healthier one away down at Stockbridge, where she could be near the New Town ladies, who now gave her occasional sew ing and knitting. One evening little more than two years after the conviction of the ' Blue Pigeon,' on reaching home after a hard day's work, I found the following curious and startling epistle awaiting me. It was written in thieves' latin, which I have altered to make readable : — ' The Top of Mount Nowhere. 'The 4Blue Pigeon's' wings have grotvn again, and he will fly nexb week. Tnis is straight aud true ; so look out, for he means to lame you as you did him. 'A Fribxd.' This strange note puzzled me more than it alarmed me. Neither the writing nor the signatures conveyed the slightest hint as to the identity of the writer; and a round scribble at 'the bottom, not unlike a coil of wire in appearance, was quite a3 un intelligible. But it was the information given that startled me most, for, though nothing is more common than that prisoners are released at half their term, as yet I had received no bint that this privilege was to be extended to Rhodie. As for Rhodie himself, notwithstanding his daring, reck less nature, I never had any great fear of him ; and I had less now, for in the interval since his trial Macluskey had been limned, and the gang scattered here, there, and everywhere. Criminals, you know, are 'just like other folk,' and can do their work much better, and are bolder and more careless of results, in twos and threes than singly. On the whole, I was inclined to set the queer scrawl down as a hoax, and, having quietly committed it to the flames, went to bed and thought of it no more. Next day, however, I was not a little surprised to hear some one say — 'The 'Blue Pigeon' gets out again on Thursday next.' ' Indeed? then it was not a hoax,' I put in — ' I mean I got word to that effect last night, but I thought it nonsense.' ' Last night ? why, the word only came this morning.' ' That may be, but thieves' telegraphs fly faster than blue letters. I wonder what he'll do now?' ' Pitch into you in the first place,' was the laughing rejoinder. ' I don't think he's the man to forget the weeks of agony he had with that ancle of his.' ' Oh, well, if^I had done it intentionally I would have deserved it,' I meditatively returned; 'such things have been done before, so lean hardly blame him for saeing the accident in a wrong light. But I wish I had kept th^at note, though ; some of you might have given me an inkling as to who the * Friend' is, who is so kind as to warn me, sharp on the time.' A: week passed away, and then I got another scrawl from' mv mysterious ''Friend.' It ran thus:— ' Top of No tfhere, Thursday Bight. 'The * Blue Pigeon' came in this afternoon. Feathers ruffled against you. Look oat — look out-r^look out ! Don't take long journeys in the dark ; and beware of John Jones. '-???-' : 'A Fkiexd.' This note, like the other, had also the coil of wire scrawled at the bottom ; but still I was blind to its meaning, and shoved the letter into the fire for fear it should fall into the hands of my wife and cause her needless alarm. . The next day — a nasty, slushy day in January— I got a glimpse of the ' Blue Pigeon'' hurrying down Blackfriars Wynd. He did not look in my face, but, sure of the man, I was standing staring after him when a cripple lad. hurried past in the same direction taken by the ' Pigeon/' A quick look he gave iDto my face drew my atten tion for a moment as he was passing, and then I recognised 'The Wire.' He grinned and winked, and then, with a swift motion of the fingers; telegraphed the word ' Beware 1' and was gone. The little incident caused me some think ing and speculation ; for it seemed to me that ' the Wire' was following or watch ing the other, and this was a proceeding among thieves that I could not see the neces sity for. , 'When I got home at night two note3 awaited me. The first was from R ho die's mother, at Stockbridge, and was addressed ' totny wife. It was written by a second hand — -that of the woman who had left it \- an hour beforehand as I thought it most important, I will give it first :-^ 'Dear Mrs. MoCJovan— I fear this terrible pain wiJl carry me off before I can see my son, for the doctor says the trouble has got settled about the heart. Ah, he little knows that there's more trouble than that about my heart. If I could only see my boy once more I could die in. peace, but that is mere than I can hope for. I would like to see your husband or yourself as soon as you can come, to leave a message for Benny. He's a good lad— you would say so it' you knew hisi heart as well as I do — and my last prayer will be for his welfare. ,'?''? 'M^by Rhooie.' - My wife happened to be anything but . well ; herself , ko I resolved, as the night : wal3 a idatk one, to attend to the note my self, and at once. '. 'While toy f wife was setting a few trifles together to ta&e; with'itie t tore open the other 'nbte/and as 'it5 was curious I give it ..entire:— ? . ?[' .' , ,-J;;; ; '. ' .' , u Nq.— , Iriverleith-row, Edinr. i ??-' Mr. MeGovaiv' ? *? Sir-^¥ou police are a pack ef fools— -I ip-; elude deteeiivesl as vpart of the syetem— bat, }iy jrpu^are an exception to the rule come down to my bouse at once, and have your eyes opened. I I hare been robbed, sir, and though it should eoBt me a hundred pounds I will find oat the thief. — Very truly yoars, ' John Jones.' I put the note into the fire with a smile. ' No, Mr. Jones,' I thought, « that triefc won't do — I know one worth two of it. *, 4 The Pigeon* does mean mischief, then — / Inverleith Row, too, a nice, lonely, dark spot — just the place for a r.eddy or 'a sand bag. 'I'll see about you to-morrow, Mr. Rhodie, and, if you've a heart at all, I'll try and get at it, if only for your mother's sake' Thus I arranged it in my own mind ; but chance had decreed that I was to see hira much sooner. I got out of the house into the sleety blast, and hurried on to Stock bridge without once looking behind. Th& night was not one for loitering ; but, apart from that, though I heard the patter of footsteps behind, and occasionally the dis tant ' stotting' of a crutch, it never once struck me that I was being followed. If I had given the thing a moment's thought I would have remembered that you can get to Inverleith Row by Stockbridge, and that,, therefore, any one wishing me to go there,. and seeing me go in this direction, might have thought I was bound for that lonely spot. But, I am bound to confess, I thought more of the poor mother who was dying in, such loneliness and neglect than on the mis guided rascal who was wishing me ill. I got safely to the long, dark entry lead ing to her home, and, groping my way slowly, had almost reached the door^ wheu there was a sudden rush of footsteps behind, me — I was grasped by the shoulder with no gentle hand, and whirled round in the darkness to feel the hot breath of a man on my cheek. 'Now! at last I have you !' he hoarsely whispeied in my ear. ' I swore I would lame you, and now I mean to do it.' ' I don't know you,' I said, endeavoring to wrench myself away, as I felt him fumb ling for some weapon in the back of his coat ; ' but if you are the Blue Pigeon, I can only say ? ' 'That you're done for!' he broke in with savage glee. ' Nothing can save you now; and other ten years will be nothing to me, so that I get my revenge.' I heard a light hopping along the entry while he spoke, and was about to give forth a shout for assistance, when some one passed, us both with a rush and threw open the door I had been about to enter, letting out a flood of light on the discomfited villain's face. I turned round in surprise, only to recognise ' The Wire,' and see the nobby end of his crutch raised threateningly above the Pigeon's skull. ' Let go — let go !' cried the cripple, with wonderful vigour, fearlessly addressing the- ruffian, who could have crushed him at a blow. ' Let go, or by jingo, I'll spoil your beauty forever!' The Pigeon quitted his hold of me, and blinkingly stared at his diminutive assailants ' Well, if you ain't a sinner,' energetically continued ' The Wire,' ' a regular fizzer — - an ungrateful beggar as ever walked on twa trotters — to go for to pitch into the feller wet has been your best friend, right at the door of the house where your mother lies dyinV' 'Rhodie staggered, and stared helplessly about him. ' What — what do you mean ?' he slowly asked at last. ' I mean that he's been like a son to her — to your mother,' emphatically returned ' The Wire.' ' Ask himself, there, if you don't believe me.' ' Never mind about that just now, Ben,' I gravely put in ; *' something of far more importance waits you here. Come.' He covered his eyes and groaned aloud ;- but I managed to drag him into the house, where in a moment more he was on his knees by the bedside of his mother. I had expected to see her hail him with a cry of joy, and take him at once to her heart ; but instead of that, no sooner was the dying woman made sensible of his pre sence'than she started right up in bed, with eyes flashing like those of' some weird, prophetess, and poured on Ms head a flood of wild reproaches that made him crouch lower andlower in the dust before her. At last she sank back exhausted in the arms of the woman in attendance, and faintly, motioned for a little Bible lying at th© bedside. 'It is your Bible, Benny/' she murmured, in a gentle tone, that seemed to break in like sunshine, after storm; 'and this the last time you will ever hear me speak. Put your hand on it, Benny — quick ! for I don't see so well — there, I can feel your hand. And you, kind, good friend, yut your hand on it, too. Now swear, both of you to be brothers henceforth — swear it, or my dying1 curse -shall, rest on you J' '.Oh ! mother, mother !' cried the broken man, in a tone of heart-rending agony, ' I swear it ; but don't — don't die and leave me. I will do anything now— I will become 5 honest— I swear it, before heaven and earth. — only live to say, I am forgiven !' A smile flashed for a moment over the sunken features of the dying woman, and she tugged his hand close to her bosom. 'Put your arms round me, Benny — tight, tights — and kiss me. I can die now — happy — for God has answered my prayer !' She sank back as she spoke, and thus she died, with the arms of her son about her, the radiant smile on her lips, and her eyes looking up. towards the heaven to which she was drifting. . Shortly after these events. Rhodie, after consulting me, offered himself as a recruit for the army, and, notwithstanding the stripes onhisfiack, was duly passed, there being at jthe time a great demand for men. He was drafted for the Crimea, where, I am proud to say, the same daring and reck lessness which had all along characterised, him appeared in the form of bravery. He won many honors, and was discharged to wards the close of the war .with a full pen sion, and the loss of his right arm. He is now in Edinburgh, a kind of overseer in a builder's yard, and many a happy and pro fitable hour have I spent in the company of him and his family. He has watched the progress of these sketches with great in terest, andrepeatedly asked M When 1 was going to Introduce him?' As for ' TheWire,' I grieve to say that, not long after his friendly aid to me, he was returning fjromPprtpbeUo Races on the top of a crowded, coach, and, thinking to exer . cise his skill once mere, got thrown down ^y an/ enraged navvy, and so received in juries that took him off in a few days. ''? HuBdai Charlie ! What's the matter ? Training fora mee?'—' Hp, ??Taau Eaoing for atr&ioP;' 288 