Some Playhouses of the Past. A srKClAL taste very much increases the opportunities of enjoyment. To find interest in every scene, and occupation for each passing hour, one should be botanist, archaeologist, or specialist of some sort, though perhaps to few are the interests of every -day life more intensified than to the antiquary. The most prosaic bricks and mortar, capable to ordinary mortals of nothing but rude shock to aesthetic tastes, may be to him instinct with life and vivid history. Carefully-ascertained sites, and the associations hovering round neighborhoods that he is at pains to identify, give him opportunities of passing portions of his life in a world unsus- pected of many of us. Dr. William Rendle, whose plans of Bankside, Southwark, with the interesting appendix that accompanies them, evince so much zealous labor and minute enquiry, is evidently one of the privileged few we have indicated. The mass of warehouses, breweries, manufactories, and all the hideous desolation of money-making that mark the south side of the Thames from Blackfriars-bridge to Tooley-street for most of us could produce nothing but temporary depression of spirits and a longing to escape to something brighter in architecture and fairer in Nature. Mammon seems to have stamped the place with its most unlovely aspect. Yet to the antiquary this ground, which knew so much of the ways and triumphs of the greatest of English writers, is holy. Everything connected with Shakspeare, his life and works, possesses a powerful interest to the cultivated Englishman and this is the spot where, for the most important twenty years of his life, the great dramatist lived, played, and wrote, winning his way to fame and wealth, and bequeathing to posterity the brightest jo wear of our literature. This place three hundred years ago was in parts so thickly wooded, so dark with trees, that it would take cat's or lynx's eyes to see a a man." Here on the ooze flats of Southwark, intersected in all directions with little streams bridged by rudest structures of planks with an occasional more solid one of stone, were the Paris Garden and my Lord Bishop of Win- chester's manor, known as the Liberty of the Clink, in which later stood the Globe Theatre, owned by a company of players, of whom William Shakspeare was one. Here also at the Bear Garden, on the chief day (Sunday), bears were baited, and multitudes thronged to see the rude Sports, the royal barge going occasionally, at a charge of lad. One day, January 15 (a Sunday), not quite 300 years ago, about a thousand people assembled in the rude theatre, where these sports were held, to enjoy the favorite pastime, the building, galleries and all, being full, and " just as the dogged and bears were in the chiefest battle" down the whole flimsy structure carne, killing men and women, and affording an excellent text to divines of the period, notably "Mr John Field, minister of the word of God," against this desecration of the Sabbath by so unholy a spectacle, Raleigh writes to Cecil of taking the French ambassador to see the Bear Garden, and the Queen's most excellent Majesty went occasionally by water to the same resort. Here were the celebrated beare Harry Hunks and Sacar, son, the latter of whom Master Slender, in " The Merry Wives of Windsor, had seen loose a score of times, aye, and had even taken him by the chain. The company was doubtless of the loosest Indeed in those days the English people seem to have observed little selectors in their resorts for amusement. Probably the hearty good will that knitted English society lords, commons, and rabble-into so stout a nation was largely due to this partial obliteration of ranks at the national pastimes. The same spirit still survives in the equality of the race- course and the cricket-field, but the tone of modern society rapidly tends towards a greater exclusiveness, at the loss very probably of much of the old healthy vigor. The vicious attractions of such a place not unnaturally altered the youth of the patrician, burgher, and apprentice class more than the decorous exhortations from their parish pulpits, and Sir J. Davies in an epigram relates how Public as, student at the common law, Oft leaves Its books, and for his recreation To Paris Garden both himself withdraw, Where he is satisfied with such delectation M down among the bears and dogs he goes. St. Saviour's Church stood near. What a work for the incumbent of that probably rather disused tabernacle lay here to Ina very hand ! For the Stews were also in the Bankside, in this same liberty of the Clink and many of his parishioners would be those denizens amongst whom Falstaff proposed looking for a wife :-" I bought him (Bardolf) in St. Paul's, and he'll buy me a horse in Smithfield : an I could get me but a wife in the Stewa I were manned, horsed, and saved." Henslowe and Alleys, the lessees of the Bear Garden, had purchased their privilege from Sir William Stewart, " Master of his Majestie's games of bears, bulls, and doggeB," for the sum, at that time an enormous one, of £450. No wonder then they felt aggrieved when it was attempted to put certain restrictions on Sunday, and complained loudly of this, and also of vagrants being allowed to go about with bears. Both these gentlemen manage to be chosen to the vestry, and as vestrymen doubtless contrive to prevent any disturbance of profitable abuses. But they have also an eye to church matters, and we find them in 1607 chaffering for the fee farm of the parsonage, for the general good of our posterity." Mr. Philip Henslowe was buried in St. Saviour's church, a few years after Edmond Shakspeare and Lawrence Fletcher had been lain there, and in yet a few years more John Fletcher and Philip Massinger were to retain thesamospot. John Fletcher died of the plague in 1625, and Dr.. Rendle gives a specimen of the dreadful periodical scourge this disease was by extracts from the sexton's book of the monthly mortality. It runs thus At St. Saviour's : January, 37 ; February, 48 ; March, 42; April, 63 ; May, 100; June, 183 and many more unknown;" July, 539 ; August, 833 many of these buried in the church ;" September, 316 October 23 ; November, 58 ; December, 24. The midsummer heats were evidently most favorable to this terrible disease, and it must be remembered that the record here given was not of the great plague of Charles III's time, but was forty years preceding. But we should probably have forgotten all about Paris Garden and the Liberty of the Clink had not the Globe theatre shed the lustre of im- mortality on the whole neighborhood. There were at one time, Dr. Rendle conjectures, four play houses the Swan, the Hose, the Globe, and the Hope ; also the Paris Garden theatre ; though some of these no doubt, were simply bear-bait- ing and bull- baiting establishments. The Swan, in the Liberty of Paris Garden, fell into decay in the reign of James I., and after that was used for fencers, prize fighting, &c.; It is represented as being near the Falcon stairs, the Falcon being, by the way, a Shakesperian tavern, and was probably the same as the Paris Garden theatre, though this is uncertain. The Hope was commonly known as the Bear Garden, but, like others, was also commonly used for the drama and for sports. The vestry minutes hunted up by Dr. Rendle tell how " Morgan Pope did agree to pay for tithes unto you parish, for the bear garden and for the ground adjoining to the same where the dogs are, 6/S at Christmas next, and so on at 6/8 by the year." In 1614 Ben Jonson's Bartholomew Fair" was acted here before, as we gain from the preliminary facetious articles of agreement between spec store and author, such a typical audience as would comprise a who justice of peace militant, a civil cut-purse Bearchant, a sweet singer of ballads aspirant, and a fresh hypocrite rampant. Probably the com- position of audiences has not changed so much as the other accessories in the last three centuries. The Rose also saw the birth of works that have lived on to our time. Here Ben Jouaon'a " Every Man in His Humor " was played about 1597, and my Lord Pembroke's men were playing at this house in 1600. About 1620 it had sunk as a place of amusement to a prize ring, and shortly after was destroyed, like the Glebe, by fire. The earliest representation of a playhouse is a drawing of this theatre in Nordeu's mop by Pieter Vauden Keere, 1593, though there must have been theatres in Southwark long before, as in 1547 Stephen Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester, complains to the Lord Protector that he having * "The Bankside, Southwark, and the Globe Play" use." By William Rendle, F.B.C.S., formerly Medical Officer, of Health and Parish Surgeon, St. George's, Southwark. announced a solemn dirge and mass for the late king, the players in Southwark Bay they will hold a "solemn plays to Trye who shall most resort, they in genius or in earnest." From which we should imagine the stage of those days was more independent of the Lord Chamberlain than at present. These earlier places probably were not regular theatres, but neither theatre nor curtain were used exclusively for the drama, the object being, of course, to make money and bears and bulls, open and horses, fighting men and all the rest of it, were the rough amusements that paid better than the legitimate drama, on Sundays especially, and were the manly equivalent of the semi-nude exhibitions of the present day, known as "leg pieces," that have ousted the drama to so large an extent. Landing at Bank End stars, bent on an evening's pleasure, let us dismiss our waterman with a penny and take our way up Dead Man's Place, turning from thence into Globe alley, and are to the theatre of that name, to see Mr. Shakspeare's now play of " Hamlet." Everyone goes by water, as there is only one bridge over the Thames, and that is crowded with houses. Hundreds of watermen ply their trade along the sluggish waters which were then probably coin paratively pellucid compared to the stream that at present bears the merchant marine of the world upon its foul bosom. No carriages von tured along the Bankside in those days, the numerous streams, rickety bridges, and bad roads making those who did not go by water prefer riding on horseback to the chance of a turnover in a chariot. The use of riding horses for a visit to the playhouse involved, of course, their standing outside for hours under the charge of caretakers, from which custom probably sprung the story of Shakspeare, on his first coming to London, gaining a livelihood by holding horses during the performance. This, we may remark in passing, is entirely without foundation, and carries its absurdity on the face of it. A man leaving a wife and family in the country, conscious of such extraordinary powers, is not likely to have hung about the theatre as a vagrant beggar. He probably commenced his rapid career to fame and fortune by taking subordinate parts on the stage which his genius was destined to elevate to such unexampled excellence. We are visiting the old playhouse before its destruction by fire in 1613, and the only conception we get of it is as a very humble edifice with two narrow doors and a thatched roof. In the prologue of " The Doubtful Heir," acted in the new theatre, " that was builded in fairer manner than before on the site of the old Globe, Shirley writes : As gold is better that's in for try'd, So is the Bankside Globe that lute was burned For in store before it had a thatched lude, Now to a stately theater 'was turned. But it is not much after noon, and the performance will not begin for another hour ; so let us stroll a bit through this Liberty of the Clink. Stay, here is a noisy little crowd collected to see the rough justice that rules the neighborhood and keeps indecorum within some sort of bounds. On the edge of the Clink Bower (which in those days meant simply stream) is an upright post with a strong beam running transversely across the head of it on a movable pivot, to one side of which is hung over the water by a stout rope a wooden chair, while a long rope dangles from the other. This is the famous clicking stool," and in it, in stomacher and run", Bits one of the " sisters of the Bank," or possibly a " light housewife of the Bauckside," that borne irritated and outraged spouse is bringing for wholesome correction. A functionary at the rope-end hoists the fair frailty high in the air, and then lets her down sense in the sewer, to be again hoisted and dropped, to the amusement of the bystanders and the wholesome admonition of the-lot us hope penitent. From where we stand we can look across my Lord Bishop of Winchester's garden, where he, followed by his curate, is taking the air with a gentleman from France, to St. Saviour's church. But there is a large, not a waterman's, coming swiftly, impelled by four stout rowers, to St. Mary Ovory's stairs, and the two gentlemen in rich doublets and slashed those who step out, with one hand on the hilts of their swords, making the other end cock up behind, are my lords of Southampton and Rutland. These two earle pass their time in going to plays every day, and not unfrequently, we may be sure, pass an hour or two afterwards. at the Falcon tavern in company with Master William Shakspeare, Ben Jonson probably and William Drayton joining these gracious earls in a flagon of sack. Southampton has given proof of his friendship by lending Shakspeare £1000. But these immortals are not company for the likes of you and me, good reader, so we will betake ourselves to the Globe gallery, and await in very doubtful company the rising of the curtain. Cutpuraes, prize-fighters, Russians of all sorts, with a goodly sprinkling of the fair deal zenS from the town hard by, make a rather dangerous and decidedly disreputable crowd for a couple of staid Queenslander to be consorting with ; but had we taken our seats below, where the Earls of Pembroke, Montgomery, Southampton Rutland, and a lot of other fashionables sir, we might have pointed our moustachios and peaked our beards in fine company. Richard Burbage is to take the part of Hamlet, or perhaps Joseph Taylor, the first who ever appeared as the Prince of Denmark, and the part of the Ghost is to be sustained by the ingenious fellow who has writ the play. Gracious heavens I imagine now-a-days any fellow with the smallest pretence of aptitude, calling itself talent, as a player consenting to act the Ghost, or indeed any other part but Hamlet himself ! The modesty of highest genius, resulting ft in perfect penetration into the fitness of all things, withheld Shakspeare from ever himself taking the leading part in his glorious creations ; though probably in his time the yearnings of ill-qualified ambition led to the speech : *' O it offends me to the said to hear a robustness periwig-pated follow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings. 0 there be players that I have seen play, and board others praise, and that highly, not to speak it profanely, that, neither having the accent of Christian, nor the gait of Christian, Pagan, nor man, have so strutted and bellowed that I have thought some of nature's journeymen had made men and not made them well, they imitated humanity so abominably." But the record of these Southwark times is dreadfully meagre as to the actor who has impressed the stamp of his mind on all after ages, Probably to the burning of the old Globe may be ascribed the loss of every vestige of his original manuscripts. While he was living here in Southwark producing a new play every six months (about the time taken now for the production of novels of the Miss Boughton or Ouida sort), we have no record of where or how he lived. His wife, by some years his senior, who had entrap him into marriage when he was yet a child, was down at Stratford. But of the houses of resort brightened by his wit nothing is known. The most learned writers of the time were his boon companions, as we gather from his death being accelerated by a drinking bout with Ben Jonson and Michael Drayton. Had shorthand been invented in those days, and any record come down to us of that last immoderate spree, what of the Nodes Amlrosiance ever enacted since the Creation could equal it in interest ? We are conscious in this article of having behaved with scant courtesy to the gentleman whose labours we started with the intention of reviewing. The interest of the theme, so much enhanced by his careful research, has led us into a sketch rather than a review, the materials for which we have largely borrowed from Dr. Rendle's excellent Appendix to the plans of Southwark he publishes. Crickbt for tub Tanks-The British soldier had not been established forty-eight hours under the shadow of the Cyprian Olympus before the inevitable bats, balls, and stumps were produced, and the game of cricket naturalised in the island by the Black Watch and 101st Royal Bengal Fusiliers. It is proposed to initiate the Moslem inhabitants into its mysteries, as the first step towards making them decent members of the human brotherhood we are going to establish in those parts. PrOFEssiONAL Phraseolooy.-A banker signed his letters to his friends " Yours at sight," and a lawyer advised a young man to close a billet done to Araminta with the words "Yours without prejudice," thereby avoiding the annoyance of a breach of promise suit. It is reported of Earl Russell that in the multiplicity of his parliamentary duties he would forget the names of his children, and refer to them under the heads of schedule A and schedule B, &c.; I knew an apothecary who put a leaf in his hat at a large party just as a system" by which he might recover it 