GENERAL NEWS. -It is expected that cable communication will be restored in an hour. On Thursday morning, July 24, at the invitation of Mr. W. Townsend, M.P;, the Gee long football team inspected, our Houses of Legislature, and subsequently partook-of re-; ireshment. Mr. Townsend proposed " The Healths of the Team," coupled with the name of Captain Wilson, in a;hnmprons speech. The toast having been acknowledged,/Mr. H. Fraser, M.P., proposed "The Health of our entertainer, Mr. Townsend," andSaid he was always eager to., .welcome visitors to the colony and to show them <-tbelions. —- v.. I We are asked; to call attention to jtke . fact that the owners of the clipper shijp Olifton intend to keep her regularly "enfplbyed in'direeb passages .between South -Australia and ;the Dominion of Canada. The first voyage fram; tbis colony is shortly to be made. This'-will afford an opportunity to South Australians merchants to open up What may become a highly profitable trade with the Dominion. If suffi cient encouragement is given, the owners of the Olifton propose to employ other vessels in:the trade between the two countries. i There was a heavy fall , of snow on the .Mount Lofty Eange early on Thursday morning. Mr. Percival, of Summertown, states that in; the neighborhood of that township the ground was covered with snow, which, in some places lay at least a foot deep.. The roofs of the houses and. all vegetation were white with it, reminding old people of the appearance of houses and trees in England during the winter .season, and which in this snnny climate they had almost for gotten. Our Stirling East correspondent, writing on July 24, saysMount Lofty pre sented a most wintry appearance this morning, mantled with snow. The trees, shrubs, and flowers looked quite natural to the England horn Australians, but were an astonishment to the young gumsuckers. The snow is falling fast v bile I am writing." A wholesale robbery took place either on Wednesday night, July 23, or early on Thurs day. morning at the shop of Mr. Hallman, corner of Gresham and Hindley- sfcreefcs. The shop is a lock-up one, and Mr. Hallman informs us that he left it perfectly safe on Wednesday evening, the shop door being secured with an ordinary lock and a strong padlock. On one of Mr. Hallman's workmen going to the shop next morning he was surprised to find the shop door open. On an examination being made it was found that the padlock was clean gone, and that the other lock had been picked and an entrance so effected. The burglar or burglars had evidently been in a harry, as several lockets and other articles of jewellery were found scattered about the fioor. They seemed to have been aware of the place where Mr. Hallman kept the most valuable portion of Ms stock, as the shop front was stripped of a large number of gold and silver watches, chains, lockets, rings, brooches, and other articles, which Mr. Hallman valued at £2 000. The new Green's Exchange to which we referred in our issue of Thursday is proposed to be erected on the land in Pirie-street known as King's timber yard, and Messrs. G. D. Green, H. & F. Rymill, Hon. J. Fisher, W. Kay, J. Hill, J. C. Lovely, and H. L. Vosz are the pro moters of the venture. The site is a central one and admirably adapted for the purpose proposed. The land has 300 feet frontage to Pirie-street by a depth of 130 feet, and the new building would have a front age to Pirie-street of 100 feet. It will be tbree stories high, and will contain a shipping room, an auction mart, reading-room, brokers room, and a number of offices for land and in surance business &c.; Mr. E. W. Wright is the architect, and the. structure will i est about £12,000. The design has not been definitely" decided upon, but is so far completed that only questions of detail are now under con sideration. There is no doubt that should the commercial community prefer this site and this ; cheme to another that has been proposed, the new Exchange will be avast improvement upon the old one, will be very, convenient as a busi ness centre, and will in an architectural sense be an ornament to the city. A deputation from Echunga waited upon the Commissioner of Grown Lands (Hon. T. Playford) on Thursday morning, July 24, with a request that the sum of £1,000 might be placed upon the Estimates for the purpose of testing whether, or not a diamond field existed in the neighborhood of Echunga. The depu tation, which was - introduced by Mr. Landseer, M.P., aud supported by Messrs.. Stokes, M.P., aad West-Erskine M.P.,. consisted of Messrs. Hough (Chairman of the Echunga District Council), Jaensh, Lawrence, and Gratwick. The deputation pointed out that a number of diamonds had been discovered at various- times on the tchunga . gold-field, and that a report from London .had recently been received speaking very favorably of certain stones sent home. It was urged that the gold and diamond drifts were independent aud dis tinct, and that from this cause there had been a large number of diamoeds. overlooked by. the diggers. The deputation asked that a search party might be organised by the Government and a practical man placed at its head. The develop ment of such an industry as a new diamond field tvonld prove agreat advantage to the colony at the present time. The Commissioner in reply admitted all the advantage which would accrue to the colony from the develop ment of diamond fields, and, personally, taw no objection to voting public money for such a purpose. He promised to bring the matter before his colleagues, get a.report from a practical man prepared, aud communicate with s he department on the subject. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:— Beltana, S.E.; light, Farina, -aim; Peake, 5.W., fresh j Charlotte Waters, ■3.W.; Alice Springs,calm; Barrow Creek, N.E.; Tenant Creek, calm; Powell.Creek, calm; Daly Waters, calm; Katherine, calmPine Creek, N., light; .Yam Ofeek, calm; Southport, calm. The rainfall between 9 a.m. oh Wednes day and the same hoar on Thursday ia: regis tered aB follows j'eltana ... 0 390 Blinman ... 0510 iiuela ... . . ... 0*080 fowler's Bay... 0 520 "Peake ... .>. 0*035; Powell's Ok. ... 0*300 Pennant Ok.... 0*200 Daly Waters ... 0*103 Strang ways Sps. 0 060 Farina..., ... 0*750 ' Port Augusta]... 0*530 .Melrose r ... 0*810 Vyilmington;... , 1*040 Laura;..., .... 0*378. . Port Pirie ... 0*400 ,1'ort Victoria... .0 250 Maitland . ... . 0*800 Yorketown ...;,0:02b Edithburgh ... 0 070 Wentworth ... 0*630 Overland Crnr. 0*480 NorthWest Bend 0*650 B.'anchetown... 0*040 Kiverton. ... 0*240 Kapunda ... 0*170 Tanunda ... 0*110 Mannnm 0*240 Caltowie ... . 0*530 Jamestown ... 0*529 Gladstone . ... 0 290 Georgetown ... 0520 Bedhiil ... 0*56) Kooringa ... 1*000 Farrell'sFlat..,- 0*580 Clare ... ... 0 370 Auburn ... 0*450 "Hoyleton ..,*; 0*460 Balaklava ... 0 300 Port Wakefield 0*910 Wallaroo ... .0*740 Kadina ... 0*700 Moonta ... 0*620 Mount Pleasant 0 278 Gumeraoha ... 0*170 Mount Torrens 0*280 Adelaide ... 0*050 Mount Barker 0*225 Strathalbyn ... 0*150 WilluDga 0*030 FowlerVBay ... 0.520 Streaky Bay ... 0*300 Kingston ... 0*040 Penola ... 0 030 Mount Gambler 0.070 His Excellency the Governor held j a Council on Wednesday, at which all the Minis ters were present. The weather on Wednesday was un usually cold. There were heavy falls of snow at Jamestown, Hallett, and the Burra. We are informed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs' that the Osborne repairing steamer spoke Port Darwin on Wednesday. It is expected that the cable will be repaired and communication restored this, morning. A special train is to leave Adelaide at 11.30 p.m. to-day for Gawler, calling at the intermediate stations. The Marine Board have decided to hold an enquiry into the recent grounding of the Laju, on Monday next. It is proposed to erect an Exchange in Pirie-street adjoining the new South Australian Olnb House. The Hons. Dr. Campbell, Henry Scott, and Wm. Sandover, Sir G. S. Kingston (Speaker of the Assembly), Messrs. W. Townsend, M.P. (Chairman of Committees), E. T*. Smith, M.P., W. O, Buik (Mayor of Adelaide), W. Everard, J.P., and L. Scammell, J.P., have been ap pointed a Committee to report, under Act No. 87 of 1877, as to the bast site obtainable for the erection of new Parliament Houses. The number of births and deaths re gistered in the General .Register Office during the week ended Saturday, July 19, was:—Births -r-102 males, 85 females; deaths—25 males, ,9 females; total—187 births, Si ■ 'dtv.thaj excess of births, 153. The number registered in the district of Adelaide wasBirths—38 males, 30 females; deaths—14 males, 3 females; total—68 births, 17 deathsexcess of births, 51, • On Tuesday, July 22, Mr. W. B. Stephens, G.W.O.T. of ~ the South' Austra lian Grand Lodge of .Good Templars, . in stituted;Lodge No 15 in the Wesleyan School room, Glenelg. There was a very .large' atten dance. Representatives were present from the Town, Port, Norwood, Goodwood, and Islington Lodges. Eight candidates were initiated by the G.W.O.T., assisted by Bros.. Lapidge, Robertson, Taylor, Edgecombe, Smart, Thomas, and Sister Oswald. The following officers were elected and installed:—W.O.T., Alex. Waddell; W.VT., H. Wright; W.S., Sis. Winter; W.F.S.,' Sis. Francis; W.T.,Bro., Stewart; W.Oh., Bro. Smith; W.M., !Bro. Thompson ;W.D.M., Sis, Prowse;] W.I.G.,! Sis, Smallwood; LD., O. W. Priest.5' After! in stalling and instituting the Lodge it was named the Pride of! Glenelg,- No. 15;fco meet every Tuesday in the same place. Before closing Bro. M. H. Madge gave a short- and pithy address on the benefits of total abstinence. Bro.. Smart gave a recitation, and after a few remarks from the G.W.O.T. and others the Lodge closed in due form. -Mr. Coates, Secretary to the South Aus tralian Commission for the Sydney Inter national Exhibition, has received the fol lowing letter from Mr; Augustus Morris, Secretary to the Sydney International Exhi bis-ion Commissioners" Sydney, July ; 16 —I am -instructed to inform you that the Commission at its meeting held; on Friday, July 4, decided npon the establishment of a separate Court for women's work, which will therefore be displayed in the eastern tower of the main building, being in the best site which could possibly be obtained.in.the whale of the Exhibition. The object of the Commission in resolving to bave this special Court was that work of the kind referred to could be more fitly displayed when grouped together than if scat tered throughout the building amongst exhibits iiicongruousjn character. The principal features of the proposea Court will consist of exhibits of paintings in 1 oil and water colours, crayon drawings, etchings, lacawork, embroidery, &c.;, &c.;, and it' J-as been resolved to restrict these classes to objects of the highest merit only. I have the honor, by direction of the Commission, to invite the co-operation cf your Commission in securing from exhibitors within your colony ol jects of interest which may find a worthy place within the limits of the special Court re ferred to above." Mr. J. Tyerman gave the last of his series, of lectures in the Liedertafel Hall on Wednesday evening, July 23. Tnere waB a large attendance. The lecture was entitled "is the Bible the Word of God?" In com mencing his remarkB Mr. Tyerman expressed his approval of the advice given by Paul— ' Prove all things and hold fast to that which is goed." He proceeded to apply the test thus i'' commended to: the Bible, and considered iits claims to be regarded as a complete, infallible, satisfactory, and final revelation of God's will to man. A number of propositions were advanced as to the conditions which require to be fulfilled by any book relied on as of Divine authority, and the lecturer, while admitting that in many respects the Bible contained points of great beauty and usefulness, denied that it complied with the conditions he specified as necessary to entitle it to acceptance as an infallibly-inspired revelation. The lecturer was listened to with great interest, and Mr. Tyerman was fortunate in securing frequent plaudits from his audience, although occasionally subjected to interruptions from persons who disagreed with him. At the close of,the lecture a number of questions bear ing on the subject discussed were asked and j answered. Daring the course of the evening ' Mr. Tyerman acknowledged the fair spirit which 1 ad been shown by the Press in its treatment of liis lectures. He intends to proceed from this colony to New Zealand. The Adelaide mercantile community will he interested to hear that a scheme is on foot for the erection of a Hall of Commerce in Currie-street, We. believe we are correct in stating that Mr. S. Barnard is the gentlemlan who is endeavoring to give practical effect to this plan for the supply of an increasing, if not long- experienced want, and that it is Mr. Bar nard's intention to float a Company to provide for the necessary expenditure. There are in course of preparation in Mr. Garlick's office plans for a building which, it is estimated, will cost _ about £17,000, and which, so far as an opinion can he formed from an inspection of in complete plaDS, will give the whole of the re quired accommodation. The site selected is in the vicinity of the White Horse Hotel, and it gives a frontage to Currie-street of 90 feet, and a totaldepthtoTopham- streetof 210 feet. Accord ing to the plans the main portion of the build ing will occupy about 82 feet of this depth, its height, inclusive of three floors, being 60 feet. There is to be a main entrance 15 feat in width in Currie-street. On the right-hand side will be found the much-needed convenience of a telegraph office, adjoining which there is to he a c; mmodious chamber with strong room attached. Offices with similar accommodation are to be situated on the opposite side of the entrance, i he average size being 20 feet by 13 feet. In the inner or staircase hail there are to he suites of offices of smaller dimensions, supplemented by lavatories. On the right of the lobby beyond, leading directly to the main hall of the building, there is to be an arbitration room 34. feet by 22 feet, and on the left an auction room of the same size. The large hall in its main features will bear a strong resemblance to the Melbourne Hall of Commerce; and when it is stated that the plan gives its dimensions at SO feet by;40 ft et with a height of 40 feet it will fee seso that there will be ample provision to meet com mercial requirements for many years to come. Those who . frequent., the main room of the existing Exchange building will appre ciate the institution of a reading room, partitioned from the main hall. At the back i f the hall, and running parallel with Topham ttieet,: there is' to be . a two-story store, se l ftraieu from the Main oulluiug by 4 right-of way, in-which some minor accessories will bO advantageously placed. Upon the seoond and third floors respectively there will he twenty offices of various sizes, independently of strong rooms; and the second floor will also con? municate with a gallery overlooking the main -hall, and giving ■ access to twelve additional offices. At the far-end of this gallery, and ex tending over the right-of-way already men tioned, there will be apartments intended for the use of the officer in charge oE the hall. The style of architecture adopted is that known:as street Italian. The elevations will be in free stone, with cement dressings; and the general effect of the structure will be further improved by an ornamented turret. We understand that Mr. Barnard has expressed his satisfaction with Mr. Garlick's design, and that it is approved by other gentlemen interested in the furtherance of the work. . The ten South Australian Angora goat skins which were- exhibited in Paris and ob tained a silver medal were sold for £33 there, and the money has been handed to the exhi bitor by the Executive Commissioner, Mr. J. Boothby, C.M G. A lecture in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association is to be given at Salisbury Chambers this evening by Mr. D. Adamson, the subject being "Erictional Elec tricity." Mr. D'Arcy Read's ghost entertainment at White's Rooms will positively open on Satur day evening. A concert is to be given at. the City Mission Hall this evening by Mrs. J. S. Sanders and friends. There was another crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening to witness Mr. Rignold's impersonation of Henry. V. This play will be repeated to-night for the last time, The Lynch Family of Ballringera ap peared at the Institute Hall, Saddlewortb, on Tuesday evening, and succeeded in attracting a good, bouse. Prom first to last the entertain ment was a success, aud the audience,sBemed very pleased. To-night and to-morrow the company perform at Clare, and on Saturday at the Institute, Burra. A very largely attended meeting of the Robert Rmmett Musical and Literary Associa tion was held at the Flagstaff Hotel, Prankliu street, on Wednesday evening. It was resolved that an Irish National Reading-room and Library should be established in connection with the Association, and that the Irishmen of the colony should be - appealed to for support iu carrying this object. The Geelong footballers will play their last match this afternoon against a combined team picked from the Associated Clubs. The following players will represent the Associa tion :—Messrs. Harrison (captain), Dedman (vice- captain), Knill, Frayne, A. Mehrtens, McMichael, Hick, W. Osborne, Turner, Traynor, Absalom, Bracken, Chapman, Pollock, Greeu, Couche, Adams, Brophy, Staeey, and Blinman. In the evening the Geelong team are to be entertained at a dinner inthe Town Hall by the . Association. The Mayor, Mr, W. C. Buik, will preside. ^ On Friday Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., intends giving the visiting team a picnic in the Hills. 