CITY IMPROVEMENTS. Tun praises lately liestowoil by visitors on the appearance of Sandhurst should en courage the ratepayers and their representa tives ill the Council to proceed diligently with the general work of improvement aiul adornment. The time was, and it will bo within the memory of many of those repre senting young Bendigo, when no words ex pressive of what is ugly and disagreeable, un desirable ulid even dirty, were considered too strong to apply to the look and CO'nuition of our now handsome oil v.. It iias been de scribed over and ';,\\-er again as a dust hole in summer ,uid a mud hole in winter, without "Viy redeeming features. All that is changed now, and sneli a picture, true enough at the time, would be utterly incorrect, and unfaithful now. Still thel-o Ss riknit for muck further amelioration, and, as there is a greflt demand on tho resources of the Council, private persons of means would be doing themselves, their present fellow citizens, and those who arc- to como after them a vast amount of good by assisting in the. redemption of the Valley of Bendigo from its primitive unprepossessing appear ance. Mr, Lansell hit tin a good idea when lie undertook trt break tho sameness of chimney stack architecture. The obelisk like structure which he has erected on the Crown of the Victoria hill forms a striking and ornamental feature of that locality. As he has olfered a reward for a design for another, it is evident that he intends proceeding with the work of improvement initiated by himself. These are steps in tho right direction, and it will be generally acknowledged that much credit is duo to Mr. Lansell for his display of taste :uul public spirit. The obelisk naturally directs attention to the hills on the highest eminence of which it is situated, the bare anil barren look of which detracts in no small degree from the picturesque ap pearance of the city anil its surroundings. 2\'ow if the ridges of these hills were planted with trees a desirable and very pleasing change would shortly be effected. And, we think it would be very becoming on the par: of those who havo made mnne.y out of those very rangotj, or the SUvrounding "diggings" milling at\d commercial, to enter Upon a work of improvement that is not at all one of an expensive nature, and that would, indirectly of course, repay its cost a hundredfold. That is one way in which we would suggest that the energies of men of competence interested in the district might be employed, but the suggestion pro bably may give riso to others of a somewhat similar character. There is, as wo have said above, a good deal yet left to be done by tlio Council. We must say that of late years that body lias effected many excellent improvements. Our streets and footpaths and the roads gene rally in the municipality are really such as would he creditable to the local governing body of any town in the world. It we turn to the Reserve and the Botanical Gardens, we lind ourselves able to point with pride to the admirable alterations which have been made within a comparatively very recent period. The formation of a large ornamental lake in the immediate vicinity of the city is a work which, whatever some hypercritics may be disposed to think of it in its present un finished state, reflects the highest credit on the Council and its originator, the Town Clerk. It has, moreover, afforded employ ment for a considerable time to a large number of laboring men, and this a con sideration of no small importance. AVe are glad also to be able to notice the constant progress of tree planting in the streets in various parts of the city. And let it bo remembered withal, the Council has not been outrunning the constable in carrying out its works. On the contrary, it has for some time past been trradually acquitting itself of responsibilities incurred in former years. But whilst we are able to speak in terms of high praise of the general good management of the corpo ration of Sandhurst, we are bound to point out that there are some localities that may justly complain of neglect. We may in stance particularly tho ratepaying portion of the city situated on Quarry Hill. The people there think they are not so well served as they might he, and as they deserve to be, as in fact they have a right to be, considering that they contribute largely to tho municipal revenue. They contend, with much justice, that, whilst improving and beautifying operations are being carried on elsswhere, they hare been imploring in vain to liavo a few unsightly hole3 filled up and a little tree planting done. There is a petition from them now before the Council, praying that some at tontion may bo given to their pnblio reserve, known as Palmei'ston-square, and wo trust- it will receive the early favorable eon akloration of the Council. There is em ployment to be found there for pome of mil' unemployed workmen for a. short time, in filling in the old diggings which the square comprises^ And which are not only unsightly but oven dangerous, and also in planting young trees. The time for the preparation of the ground for tho latter purpose is now at hand, and the Quarry Ilill people will have a very serious grievance indued to tax tho Corporation with, if tho present season should be allowed to pass over without attention being paid to their fair and reasonable request. '1*H t: /il'LU \VaT<.—An interesting Cable Message, relating to the.difliculties M= tlW t!apo, Veached us hjat night., Tile forces despatched to tho relief of ColiiUel Pearson at Ekowe, left .Natal on tho 2Sth March. Colonel Pearson having observed tlio vanguard of the relieving column approaching, intimated by signals that 1200 of his men were disabled, and only 000 Were lit to stand agaiust thu enemy, Tho desperate, nature of Colonel l'o.wun':) position Will be fully understood wlitm It is learned that his handful nt" soldiers wero surrounded liy 3?,000 Zulus, who wore a.w-aiUrtji tbo ilrrival of the relief p.vty. Anotilul' message statej that, ColoiWl Wood's column was attaeked by -,000 ail us atl.nneberg, but the enemy wero repulsed with only a slight los3 to the British. Excursion Train to run EximtrnoN.—As will bo Seen by reference to a report which ap pears elsewhere, the deputation which waited on Mr. Woods, tlio Commissione.- o£ Railways, yosterday, for thu purpose of anliin^ that a special trail! should be t'Un ,fn>iU Jlelikmnio to Sandhurst on Saturday, the itith iintArit, at.low 1 rates, to vMiAbli} the menUiers of,tlio Metropolitan . l.icdertafel find, others to Visit tlio Exhibition, did not succeed in ginning a promise from the lion, gerttlemini that their wishes would be. com plied .with. .Whilst this was the ease, however, Mr. Woods did not definitely refuse to enter tain the proposal, but stated he would con sider the matter, and finally decide upon it to day. A great amount of anxiety is folt in Sandhurst regarding his decision, which it is hoped will be favorable. A Hard Cask.—State school teachers in country localities frequently liavo to contend against hardships iu their domestic life which are, perhaps, never dreamt of, and arc certainly never experienced by those who havo the good fortune to bo appointed to positions iu better populated districts. An instance of this has lately come under our notice. Mr. Lowthor, the head teacher of (lie Kheola school, in the Iuglo wood district, who is a married man with j nine children, upou proceeding ti) tAli.0 charge of the school, found thatiio quarters wero available for Ilia family except a largo apartment behind tho schoolroom, which had boon used by his predecessor for domestic purposes. As 110 accommodation could ba procured anywhera in tho neighborhood, Mr. Lowther, at hii own ex pense, divided this room iuto throe, and suc ceeded in making ■» decent, if not an entirely comfortable, habitation. It appears that a fete, was organised in the district to take place on liaster Monday, tho day's proceedings to be wound up with a concert and ball. For the purposes of these latter ad juncts to thu day's festivities tho fete comniittuo applied to the department for tho use of the schoolroom, mi although in the meantime Mr. Lowthcr, as we arc informed, wrote to the department explaining his posi tion, the application was granted, and the un fortunate teacher and his family of young children were compelled to give up their homo to the pleasure-seekers. Fortuuately their case aroused the compaasiou of a person residing about a milo and a halt from theachool, who generously consented to atVord shelter to as many of tho family as ho could, but Mr. Lowther himself and one of his children had to wait about during almost the whole night, until the dancing party retired from the school. Tho case, as it has been represented to us, seems to exhibit features of cruel hardship) which were both unnecessary and unwarranted \ty the circumstances. Kaii.W.vy Accidknt.—An accident, which, however, was not very serious ill its results, happened on the Iuglewood line i.tu .fester Monday evening. the train which left Sand hurst at hrtlf»pAat eight on the evening named was r» very beary one, and it was found neces sary to send a second engine with it as far as Eaglehawk, for which station a large number of the passengers had taken tickets. On reach ing the Kaglehawk station the second engine started to return, but the gates at tho Victoria street crossing wefs locked, Ills RiUekeepor having apparently ovcHodked the Mijnal, and the enuine went, Iftr'Augli Ui<-iii, smashing them to iiplmte'rs. Beyond a slight injury to the dngine, no further damage was done. Tin: Exhibition.—The attendance at the ex hibition was not very numerous yesterday after noon, hut in the evening the building was visited by a large number of persons. The electric light w.ss displayed from the top of the Town Hall, Ami the \yorking models attracted a deal of Attention. Visitor^ seem iipjer t-q tire of watching the .movement': of uie model locoirtbtlve And trswtion engine, especially the lormer, and the machinery yard, in which these are stationed, is always a centre of attraction. In the picture gallery the exhibits can now lie viewed with much greater satisfac tion than was previously derivable from this portion of the exhibition, as the work of affix ing numbers to the pictures corresponding to the catalogue haa lately lieen proceeded with. A good deal of disappointment was caused to visitors last night in consequence of the fountain not having been shown with the limelight ellects, the advertisement, which was, perhaps, a little ambiguous in its wording, having misled several people-. An announcement as to whether or when the fountain \Vould lie exhibited in full play would obviate all this: On Saturday eve i ing a grand promenade concert will be held, seve.val local amateurs having promised to give their assistance. Lloort v. Atkinson-—Our Melbourne corre spondent writes:—Arguments were resinned on Thursdaj-, before the Full Court, in the case of Hogg v. Atkinson, which came before the court on appeal from a decision of Judge Molcsvforth, who dismissed, with costs, a bill tiled by the plaintiff by which he sought to establish his in terest as half-owner of a valuable mine at | Hcathcote. After counsel h'Ad concluded, the court reserved its decision. Tin: Bi-.ndigo Hosrrr.iL.—A special meeting of the board of management of the Bendigo Hospital was held yesterday afternoon at tile Savings H ulk, for the purpose of taking steps in reference to the resignations of Drs. Hindi elitT and Thomson, resident and assistant; sur geons respectively, which were received at the last monthly meeting of the board. Mr. Hunter occupied the chair, and all the members of the committee with the exception of the Mayor of ■Sandhurst, W'he vras in Melbourne, wore pre sent. A very important motion was brought forward by Mr. Abbott, to the effect that the institution should bo worked by an honorary stall of medical officers. He, however, ex plained in the course of his remarks that he in tended there should bo one l'esident- surgeon for the institute. . After a lengthy discussion, our report of which will be found elsewhere, it v.'as decided to adjourn the meeting until next Mon day evening, to allow time for consideration of the subject. Street Sweefixc,.—1The practice of sweeping T.he strep's for the purpose of washing tho du for gold, it appears is not confined to Chinamen alone, as within the Borough of Eaglehawk sorn-; Europeaus have been caught in the act. They have cleared out for the present, but on their return they will be summoned for the offence. The above fact was mentioned by the town clerk at the meeting of the Kaglehawlc Borough Council yesterday afternoon, and ho also spoke very highly of tho service rendered by Mounted constable Satcliwell iu checking tiiis nuisance. The town clerk further stated that the sergeant of police had suggested that a small reward should be offered for the conviction of the per sons so offending. The Council decided to bring Mounted-constablo Satchweil's smart vigilance officially under tile notice of the superintendent of police. Notice of motion was given proposing that a reward of £1 should be offered in accord ance with the suggestion. The Embasst.—Mr. Berry will sail from London (the A and it is anticipated that he will arrive iu Vic toria about the 2Sth June. The Diamond Drill.—Mr. Newman, the officer in charge of the diamond drii!. is to meet the directors of the G. G. Consolidated Company to-day, to make arrangements for starting a bore on their lease, as the company have come to terms with the department on the subject. The work of dismantling the drill 011 the Great Southern Company's ground has been com menced, and as soon as the preliminary arrange ments with theG. G. Consolidated am conclude i, the machino will be removed to that company's lease. Easter. Fair 1S79.—ThE Chinese Carnival booth was moderately well patronised last, even ing. The large gas pyramid in the centre of the Reserve was lighted so as to attract atten tion, and the noise of the Chinese gongs, fiddles, etc., brought in a good crowd. The programme presented was much the same as on the previous evening, but more singing was done than before. This evening the Chinese booth will be again open, and those who have not seen this interest ing exhibition should not fail to do so. Meetings This Day.—Rouike and Hender son's Extended, J. G. Weddcll, S p.m.; S:iob'c Hill, H. Kirkwood, Wat3on's Hotel, Eaglehawk, 5 p.m.; Oriental Flora, G. N. Craig, 4.30 p.m. Sr. Paul's Cul'f.ch.—On Sunday next tho Eight Reverend the Bishop of Melbourne will officiate at the above church, and at three p.m. admiiiister the rito of confirmation, Rr.TicuL.vnoK of Stubkts.—Our Melbourne eorrerspondont writes:—Messrs. 11. Clark and M'In tyre, Ms.L.A,, had an interview with Major Oouchinan, Secretary tif Minos, to-day (Thursday), with i-eCoi'ctiee to the reticulation for water supply purposes of Bray-street and the neighborhood near llae's school, which works were represented as being urgently required. Major Oouchinan, in reply to the application, stated that orders had already been issued lor the reticulation of Bray-slreet. With regard to the other work urged by the deputation, ho said that it Would huve to be hehl over for a short time, as it was necessary for the department to ajCsrtaiu in the lil'st place what ell'ect the small reservoir at Old Chum Hill would have on the supply of water. In the event oT the report on that subject prov ing satisfactory, the work would be commenced as soon as there were funds available for tho purn'i^e. ,Tim 1?kv. C\ If. Srimngox. —According to a telegram which >ve 1 i:tve received from Ade laide, tho Kev, 0. II. Spurgoon, the famous preacher, Haa determined upon visiting Aus tralia at an early date. Nohtiiekn CiiOHslNO Cr.UB.—The first meet ing of the above club Was resumed yesterday morning on Mr, Joseph liell's estate, anil hares beini; plentiful, both slakes were run olY before lilnoli time. Mr. Ryan's . OiggoM rt'Oil the Northern Stake*, ami Sir. Wright's Willoughby the Puppy S? tak on. Both are Rochester dogs, anil are sou and daughter of that famous ilo^r, Digby Grand, Sudiiex Di:atk.—A man named Clias. Clark, who was engaged as male on board tho Govern ment snagging boat Wnrdell, dropped down dead on Wednesday just after going on board the steamer, which was then mooted near Gray's punt, on tho Gonllntni'. Tho body has breu removeil to lieluioa, whither Mr. Strickland will {IvoW-it by tile lirst train thi3 , morning, and hold an inquest lit tiVo o'clock this after noon. . Trt i: \V i:\tA r.ii —Yesterdav was unusually warm for this season of the year. The wiud was from Mm north-east, ami the sky during the greater part of the day was overcast uith light (lceey clouds. Towards evening tho atmosphere grew chilly and the night was somu what cold. There is no appearance of a change coming -on. Tho thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and t'o.'s, fall Mall, as follows:— a.m., Oil": noon, 3 p.m., 70°: 0 p.m., maxim uui, 80°; minimum, 52°. The barometer at'.I a.m. I'ei'isterod 'JSI'SOO; li p.in., 20'700. Inqui:st.—Mr. Strickland held an inquest I yesterday at the Commercial lintel, M 'Tutyro's di^in;^, on tlun body of an elderly man named | David Carter, a#od 05, who died suddenly on Monday ni^ht last. The evidence adduced was i hat deceased arrived in the Oolony in 18')^, and j had since followed the occupation of a surface miner, About three years previous to hid death deceased Caught a violent- cold;.fruiit illicit ho never thorough!}' i'eooverod. Dr. W. li. U llciifn, of Inglewood, deposed to having made a po.m examination of tlie body. The cause of death was gangrene of the lungs, tho result of old pleura pneumonia. Medical aid would have been of little or no avail in prolong ing the. deceased's life. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. Vktehinaky.—It is a generally a;ceptud theory (says our Marong correspondent) that when the leg of a horse has been broken there is no cure, and tli.il tlin only plan is to alioot him. I have, however, had practical proof to the contrary. ^iotne weeks ago a valuable auiulal, well known for his trottim* capabilities, and bearing the name of Tommy Dodd, tho pro perty of Mr. Henry Wilson, of .Marong, was found to have had his olT fore log broken, and now, by judicious treatment, as simple as it has proved eliieacious, Mr. Wilson has caused tho bono to reunite and become as strong as ever. Tho only remedy applied to the injured limb was a many-folded tight ligature, ami a fre quent libation of cold water. This hint may prove of service t,o others wiiose animals chance to meet with similar accidents. Till-: riiii.HAiiMONic SoiMKTV.—A meeting of the members of tile f'.uullr.u'st l'hilharnionie Society was held last oven ins; at the Cavalry Orderly Kooin. Dr. 11incholitr occupied the chair. A report was submitted by the secretary (Mr. T. Broivn) shewing that tlio society during the past season had been fairly sueces* ful, and that their efforts had met with kindly appreciation oil the part of the public. The otlieers ami oommitteo having resigned their trust, the meeting proceeded to a fresh ulectian. An animated, discussion ensued, several weak points in the society being touchad upon. Messrs. King and Wellborn were nominated for the conductorship, and a ballot resulted in the election of tlio former. A new committee having been elected, Votes of tlianlcs lvero ac- : corded to tlio retiring officers ;\ud the chairman, and the meeting terniiiaated. Mr. Ivitig inti mated, that rehearsals would commence next Thursday. Sai.f. of Aoiuoultvrai, Pjiopkutv.—The valuable estate of Mr. Thomas Urasier, of Leiehardt, comprising 1,0:13 acres (almost tliu whole of which is freehold), together with the dwelling-house, horses, cattle, agricultural im plements, and sundries, were submitted to public competition on Wednesday (our Maryng correspondent informs «(■) by Messrs'. jjiiad'oolt and Co,, on tlic "r'curil. There were about 50 gentlemen present, which, considering the im portance of the event, was only a moderate attendance. The first lot put up was an area of 713 acve.-', the improvements on which consist of a weatherboard cottage, fence, .10 acres ploughed, and SO ready for the plough, and a good spring of water. This lot was subject to a mortgage of £1,250, which amount woultl remain on the land for two years and six mouths, at an interest of 10 per cent, besides which a sum of 3s. per acre lias to be paid to the Government on Sl.'i acres, prior to the issue of the Crown grant. '1'lie bidding commenced at 30s. per acre, and the lot was finally knocked down, at i'-'i 10s, per acre, to Mr. i' or tile .vrnjjd lot of 320 acres, together with improvements, there was no oiler, and it had to be passed in; The agricultural implements were next disposed of,' and they realised about £S0, many of the articles being knocked down at low prices. The sale of the live stock was then proceeded with. . Amongst the animals sold were a well-framed three-year old fitly, by Sir ^olin, bought hj' .Mr. 1'. Slattery for £2o 10s.; and a colt, by Sir Colin, rising three years, bought by Mr. Callaghan for 10 guineas. It was found utterly impossible to elicit an oiler for horned cattle, and they had to be passed ill. The bidding throughout was very tame, and very great astonishment was ex pressed by nearly ail present at the extremely low price at which the first lot was knocked down. The auctioneer states that there was no reserve, but I am informed that Mr. Brasier has declined to complete the transaction, and that a dispute in respect to this matter is likely to arise. The total so far realised is £l,'JoS 12s. •Mil. J. Jgkemy, juxr.—This gentleman, who for many years has been a well- known member of the Bendigo Stock Exchange, of which for the past two years ho was chairman, took his departure from Sandhurst yesterday. He h:ts accepted a position of trust with a wall known firm of auctioneers at Deuilipiin. By Mr. Jeremy's departure Sandhurst loses a gentle man who was ever ready to give his timo and abilities iu the cause of charity, to which laud able object he frequently lent hi3 assistance, invariably with success. Mr. Jeremy was lion, sec. to the Hamlet Representation Committee, and his knowledge of the business in connection with the organising of amateur theatrical per formances was of the greatest utility in making the three performances, by which the local chari ties benefited to the extent of over £I;j0 last year, the great success they were. \Ye trust that in his new sphere Mr. Jeremy will meet with every success. Fai.se Alarm of Fire.—At six o'clock last evening an alarm was rung out from the lire tower in the Camp Reserve. The direction in dicated was south, ami t!m brigades turned out promptly. Some of them hurried tip Mimdy street, whilst others went down Hargreaves street, where on a blank space of ground a little west of the Savings Rank the origin of the alarm was discovered. It proved to be the work of some mischievous urchins! who had set (ire to some papers and rags, which, with a mass of other rubbish, were collected at the spot. Dancixh. —Mr. W. Watkins notifies in an other column that the opening of iiis cl.ifs f'T tuition in dancing to juveniles has been post poned until .Saturday, the iJGtli inst. Donation's.—The lion, treasurer of tho Bene volent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, National Bank), with thanks, acknowledges receipt of £5 from Mr. John Pike, Mollison-street, in aid of the funds of the institute. Mr. \Y. Drucc, secre tary to the Fire Brigades Committee, acknow ledges with thanks, the receipt of £5 5s. from the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company per ;he local agent, Mr. R. J. Barlow. Traffic Returns.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns, for the week ended 10t'n April, show the following results, the number of mile3 open being 1,07(5, as against 967 in the corres ponding period of 1S7S:—2vo. of passjngors— 1S7S, 72,34(3; 1S79, 74,.ISO. Total returns for week ended 10th April, £2tUr>0 Us. ail.; for corresponding period, 1S7S, £'23,'273 0s. Oi. Ag gregate to date from 1st July, £979,S66 ISs. 4tl.; for corresponding week in 1873, £953.567 12#. 7il. Wceklv average (41 weeks)—1S79, £'23.899 3s. 10d.; 1S7S, £23,257 1U. lid. The Ghost Kxtertain'MEN'T.—There was a very good attendance at the Masonic Hall List evening to witness D'Arcy Read's Gi'.ost enter tainment. "Fans: and Marguerite," "The Phantom Christy.-?,'' and tiie "Haunted House" were the pieccs performed, much to the satis/ac tion of tho audience, who testified their appro bation by frequent applause. Tiie same pro gramme will be repeated this evening, and" to morrow will positively be the last night, as the hall is otherwise engaged. Sr. Peter's Church Art U.niox.—The secro tary notifies that on and after Tuesday next, tho prizes in connection with the St. Peter's Churcii art union, Eaglehawk, will be ready for de livery. Jtov.iL PitlNCiwS TireathLi. —Last evening the 8:«ulhuwt City Dramatic Club performed "The 'i;ielu)t ol Leave Man " for the henelit of the Beudigo Hospital and Benevolent Asylum. The cast was the same as 011 Monday evening, and tin; piece was well played. Special mention should lie made of Messrs, Coleman, W. A. Wimlas, J. K Weiler, ami Hobson, and .\llso C. Herbert. This lady possesses above tlie average histrionic ability of amateurs, and evi dently studies her pari so as to thoroughly master Ihec'haniotershe undertakes to represent. The attendance last evening notwithstanding it was a charitable perfiiriikUiCe, \Vas si liali for sueh ail occasion, 11ml with- the excep tion of Mr. Hunter and Dr. .HmoliclifY. and Mr. Hawkins (UoiV. collector to the hospital), all the members of tho two committees were con spicuous by their absence. Had they interested tlmmsclvcs in tho performance, although tho public have beuu well drained of late, there can bo 110 doubt a £50 house could have been got together. An idea seemed to prevail, however, that the greater portion of the receipts would be swallowed Up iu expenses!, but this was not the case. Although the expenses come to betWeell Jill) and i;18, the club only dc duet .t'10; tlmt is for the rent of the theatre gas, check and money taUufrs, elei I'lie receipts hut llitilit itnlmltltuj to i!l{j 7s., so that the in Htilutlona will benefit to the extent of £'2 Kis. lid. each. We in;iy mention that the oltib have bad to pay to Mr. Ueorgo Ooppin, a;; agent for the Dramatic Authors' Society, the sum of £'2 for tho privilotfo of performing tin: piece, and that sum is not included in tile ,C10 deducted for expenses, tho clllb standing to lose about i'S by the performance. They havoalao had to pay Air. (.'uphill 7si Oil. for por.fol'iiiing •' Sarah's young mail," 50u. for ''Never too late to nniud," 03s. for the " Lady of Lyons,." iUu\ I'.'a. lid. f»r. IfrAuii and its Victim.-." ThU even ing, vibiuh is tllo htst night but one, Bulwer Lyttou'u grand play, "The Lady of Lyons," will be produced, in which tho characters cf Claude Mcluotta and Pauline will be taken by Mr. li. A. Oolem ui and Miss 0. Herbert, who, it will be remembered, sustained tile parts very successfully some months ago. St. Andkkw's Ooi.lkok. — The soeond quarter of th«i above educational establishment com mences oil the L'Ut iiiat.u:t. Kicked uy a Hoksk. —A man named Jeremiah Murphy, residing »t the Campaspe, received some nasty injuries about the face and mouth through boitu: kicked by a horse on Tuesday evening last, lie was admitted into the hospital yesterday morning, and is progressing favor ably. UsiriiD Pkaylui Meeting.—The usual weekly prayer mooting was hold last evening in the Masonic Hall, when there was a good attend ance; Hastkb Faiu Donations.—The secretary of tliu Easter 1'Vir {Mr. .1. KirUbv) acknowledges the following uonations, witli thanks:—Mr. W. B. GiUius, 10i.; Mr. G. \Y. J>. Vibert, 10).; small amounts, 7a, (3d.; Mr. J. Carmichael, 10s.; a frioud, 2a. Gil.; Mr. Cullingford, os.j Mr. J. A, Herges, £1; .Mr, 11. Spencer, os.; Ben digo Agricultural aud Horticultural Society, £2 '2a.; employes o{ Mr. J. IT. Goudgc, £'2 2s. lid.; Mr. J. M'lutyro, M.L. A., £2 2d.; Messrs. Huberts aud Sous, £1 Is.; Mr. \V. Knight, 21s.; Mr. T. J. Connelly, £1; Mr. J. Irving, 103.; Mean's. J. Sharp and Son, £1 Is.; Mr. J. F. W*rrou, 10s.; Mr. J?. Buzza, 10s. Od.; per Miss Crofts, £3 12s.; Messrs. Rule and Co., dozen bAiug powder; Mr. C. Uividre, 1 lamp; Messrs. Mollilt aud Sehutze, parcel of perfumery anil millinery; Mr. J, F. Lewis, kniokerbocker suit aud Welsh costume; Messrs. \V. Bruce aud Co., hhd. beer; Miss E. Lewis, Lockwood road, 2 pair fowls; Mrs. C. Lort Smith, wringing maehiue; Mr. 1). G. Coope, 2 paintings; Mr. J. Kmory, collars, etc.; Master D. Bayne, illus trated periodicals and pictures; Miss Hood, antimacassar; Mr. A. Craig, sign painting; Mrs. Oiilleu, wall paper; Mr, J. A. (). Scott, pair of leggings aud allocs; Mr. S. Webb, making scar let coat; Mrs. Caton, South Yarra, embroidered cushion; Miss l'allett, criekot bat; Messrs. Kohs aud Uutherfoid, 4 bags bouc dust; Mr. J. M'lnerny, pair of rabbits; Mr. C. G. Fizelle, pair of rabbits; Mr. .T. I). Kahlaud, dozen of j colonial wine; Mr. J. Kichardsou, 1 clock; Mr. J. Brandon, fancy goods; Messrs. Moore Bros., parcel of faucy goods; Mr. T. J. Connelly, 1 e.p. eruet; Mr. G. C. Evans, ii pieces of music; Mr. E. L. lionee, per Miss Crofts, parcel of fancy goods; Mrs. Budds, hand sewing machine; Mrs. Burnsidf, 2 fans. | R.ui/way Excursion' Ticicbts.—it is not gene-rally known (the .If. A. Mail says) that travellers purchasing u through ticket can break tha journey at any intermediate station, but the journey mult be completed the same day, other wise the ticket is useless; This privilege, how ever, does not prevail during holiday time. A gentleman was returning to Melbourne yester day from Sandhurst, and on the door of his compartmen t be;ng opened, alighted, with the intention of proceeding on by the night train. On his ticket being demanded, he refused to give it up, and, according to the head porter, included several strong adjectives in his refusal. He was placed in charge of the police until the train had left, when as he still declined to give uphisticketj his name and address were obtained; in order that furthor proeeru'iigs may be taken. Tho privilege of being allowed to stop at any station is one that should not be abused, and this would be the ease were it allowed during the holiday season. FATAL ACCIDENT AT CASTLEMAINE.— By the courtesy of the M. A. Mail, we have received the particulars of a sad fatal accident which occurred at Castlemaine, shortly before five o'clock yesterday afternoon to a man named Henry Mapperson, who has been in the employ of Messrs. M'Culloch and Co., as driver. The unfortunate man was conveying a lorry load of goods to the coffee- roasting establishment of Mr. Clarke, in Hargreave-street. In the middle of tho load were two large casks, and 0n one of these he was sitting. Whilst going over the wooden crossing in front of Mr. Clarke's promises, the sharp turn and the unevenness of the road caused the lorry to jolt, and Mapperson lost his equilibrium, falling to the ground heavily 0n the back of his head. Assistance was promptly rendered, but of n0 avail. He expired within five minutes after he fell,having spoken but once in a low tone. An inquest will be held this morning. Deceased was a steady, sober man, and a careful driver. The occurrence was so sudden that many persons could not believe that the man whom they had ten minutes previously seen alive and well, had met with an untimely end. BiluaIvDs.—Messrs. Cook.and Kilkenny gave two billiard exhibitions on Wednesday, In the afternoon, when there was a good attendance, including a considerable proportion of ladies, a 54111U of billiards oOO up was first plaveil, Kil keuuy receiving 125 points. The game was an interesting one, and the champion succeeded iu winning by 90 points. A match at pyramids followed, in which Cook, who played magnifi cently, scored five games to his opponent's two, although the latter received one ball in each game. In tho evening the game of billiards played wag 7u0 up, Kilkenny receiving 100 points. In the first part of the game Kilkenny, who was playing in his best form (one of his breaks was !-•»), completely ran away from the champion. The latter, however, by a splendid break of 199 (including 5o spot strokes and some fine all nil-round play), succeeded in reaching Kilkenny at 610, and the end of the game was most interesting and exciting. Cook had now very bad luck, whereas the balls were very favorable to Kilkenny, who at last scored a narrow but well-earned victory by five points. In the games of pyramids, Cook won live games to threo. Last evening the last match of the series was played, Messrs. Conk and Kilkenny being about to leave for Sydney and Xew Zealand. Tiif, Prince and Princess or \Vai.f.s. — With reference to the visit oi the Prince and Princess of Wales to Australia, the Government of Now South Wales have received ail oliiein.1 intimation to the effect that their lioyal Highnesses will •not bo able to honor the Sydney Exhibition with their presence. They cannot visit Australia this year. The intimation, it will lie seen, does not preclude the possibility of a visit in 1SS0, the year of the Melbourne Exhibition.—Aiyw. Discovert of a Human Skeleton. — A human skeleton, supposed to be that of a woman, has been found ia .Mr. Wright's pad dock, Nunawading, amount Ihe d>'brri of a bush fire, which destroyed a (juautity of thick scrub at the above locality about a week since. It vras at first surmised (states the .-Iiy/im) that this discovery might throw some light upon the fate of tha missing Mrs. Farrell, but it i3 now thought that the remains are those of a woman named Eliza Madden, who was formerly an inmate of the Ivew Asylum, and escaped from that institution in March, 1S7S, never having since been heard of. A portion of the clothing found with the bones has been identified by the ofii'Mals of the Asylum as having been worn by the missing .woman. A man named Thomas Luby, <1 ii-tl on Tuesday irom injuries received through bein^ thrown from ins dray at Avoca. Tiie Purchase or Honsos's Bay Railway. —The balance of the money due to the Hobson's Bay Railway shareholders for the purchase of the railway by the Government, will be paid in Melbourne either at the eiul of thy pre.-ent or theeginning of next week. The amount due to the Melbourne shareholders is £300,000, and this, with the £500,003 paid in London, will make £SGO.OOO, the amount to be paid out of the loan.-—Aye. Sut Hercules Robinson.—From our New Zealand files received by the Arawata, we lcaru that His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson will leave Wellington by the s.s. Hinemoa on the ISth instant for the Bluff, and will proceed tiieuce overland through Otago, Southland, and Canterbury, spending about three weeks on the tour. It is also stated that before leaving for Auckland Sir George Grey wrote a letter to the Governor, to be delivered 011 hi» arrival, regret ting that he could not be present to welcome i him, and C5:plainin j Hercules Robinson's arrival, Sir Gorge Grey ' telegraphed a warm cougratulatoiy message. 