Olli BRISBANE LETTER. BRISBANE, FEB. 15. Volunteering matters, on the principle maybe that it never rains but it pours, have been prominent in Brisbane of late The visit of Colonel Scratchley is doubtless, in a mat measure answerable for this. If it should also land to restore united working amongst the corps, and silence the talk we have had about the resignation of officers, the force at large will have reason to be grateful. The Volunteers, to the number of about 600, had a field-day last Saturday afternoon, and had their first practical experience of a sham fight near Brisbane. Considering the few opportunities they have enjoyed of fieldwork they acquitted themselves remarkably well, and earned the praise which is too often given and received as a matter of course by the reviewing officer. The action was fought out in South Brisbane, and naturally created great excitement, in that usually peaceful locality. It gave the Volunteers an afternoon's good work, and it furnished to a city where there is surprisingly, little sight-seeing a free- gratis entertainment. At the close of the manoeuvres the two forces amalgamated in a friendship, and marched past Colonel Scratchley and the staff on Brisbane Bridge. The Colonel has been busy during his visit He has visited Ipswich and a Toowoomba, and spent some time in inspecting the river a defences undertaken at the joint recommendation of himself and Sir W. Jervois. And he has found time to write and publish in the press an address to the Volunteers, and to send in his third progress report on the defences of Queensland. In the face of this report Parliament will have to consider certain votes which were rejected last session in a summary fashion. There have been a number of extra Parliamentary utterances during the present week, but the Ministers have one and all been on their guard, and have not dropped the ghost of a hint as to their future policy. Yet the public are taking it for granted that a rigid economy at least in small things will be observed, that no salaries. will be raised, but on the contrary retrench- ment introduced in all departments. It may be that the public are reckoning without their host, and that they may be in this respect after all disappointed. If however, Colonel Scratchley's recommendations are to be worth anything, a very stiff sum must be placed on the estimates for our defences. The Colonial Secretary, ! who always championed the cause of the Volunteers in the House, and took charge of the bill which the Attorney-General was unable to introduce as he at first proposed, ¡ has been officially reminded by Colonel J Scratohlejj that though a sum of money | was voted for a Torpedo Corps and Naval Brigade, nothing has been done towards establishing the corps; that serious delay has been caused through the refusal of the Legislature to sanction Sir W. Jervois' original scheme; that four nine- pounder field guns have been sent from England without cartridges that " the information received from the Agent-General is so meagre that I amenable to state when the stores are likely to arrive ;" layed that imperative changes are necessary to place the Volunteer force on a proper foot- ing. Thus the Colonel recommends-as has often been recommended before, but refused by Parliament the appointment of an Imperial officer as military com- mandant,, of an infantry adjutant from home, a sergeant-major of infantry qualified to act as musketry instructor and adjutant, and who should receive a local commission on arrival in the colony, and an instructor of gunnery. He re- commends that the four companies of Brisbane infantry should be formed into the First Queensland Regiment, under the command of Major Snelling that the provincial companies be made an administrative battalion, and the command offered to Mr. Townley with the rank of Major; and that the battery of field artillery should remain under the command of Major Drury. These latter recommendations will be certainly popular amongst the Volunteers, and will secure the retention of probably all the officers who were on the point of resigning. On the whole, considering the support refused by the Legislature, the report is favourable to the Volunteers, and gives warm praise to Lieutenant-Colonel Macdonnell for his twelve years' loyal serrWto the Queensland Volunteer force. Major Moore, who is about to be promoted to a captaincy in the Tipperary Militia Artillery, is also praised. A concert has been given in aid of the families of the two artillerymen who were killed by the gun accident on the day of the opening of Parliament. While ottfVolunteer subjects, I may add a supplementary sentence or two devoted to the paragraph I wrote at the time respecting that accident. The guns at the saluting battery having been always spoken of by the public *»>too unservicable to be used with safety, and denounced in Parliament as positively dangerous, casts were taken of the interior of the gun by which the men were killed, and the gentleman who took them (a local surgical instrument maker) stated at the inquiry at the police office, that in his opinion it was, though nearly a hundred years old, a serviceable gun, and that, though " rough with rust," it was not honeycombed. The cause of the accident, it may be added, was not laid to any living persons, nor was blame, that I am aware of ever attributed to them. The evidence given ought at any rate to remove the widespread apprehension which has long prevailed in Brisbane that the Volunteers firing the salutes were engaged in a service of risk. The Queensland Press, with one accord, denounced the score at the Sydney cricket match as altogether disgraceful, and as discreditable to colonial cricket, colonial manners, and almost colonial honour. A remakable and acrimonious correspondence has been published in the Courier, between the Rev. Colin M'Culloch the leading Presbyterian minister, and the Revs. Mitchell, and M'Swaine, clergymen of the game body. The letters were enormously lengthy, sometimes nearly two columns of solid matter, and the triangular duel was carried on with a warmth over which the Philistines gloated. Mr. M'Culloch, who points to his thirty-eight years of public ministry, says that his rev. brethren have subjected him to a series of most malignant insinuations, and that one of Mr. M'Swaine letters was " nearly a couple of columns of unparalleled and libellous personalities." The quarrel arose respecting a divinity hall in connection with the Presbyterian body, and it became public through Mr. M'Culloch taking exception to a slur upon himself in a newspaper report of a meeting, furnished, as it afterwards turned out, by the other rev. gentleman. A great many suns went down upon their printed wrath, and on Monday last another correspondent entered the field ; he feigned himself " A Scotch Presbyterian, and the tenor of his communication may be guessed from his opening sentence : " I have been much disgusted, and think it says little for the discipline of Presbyterian ministers in Brisbane to see them, one after another laying bare in the papers all their petty disputes, and washing their dirty linen in public, and in the same paper the editor thanks this comes concentrator hinting that the controversy should be closed, and says that he had already resolved to close it. The angry contention has created a good deal of sensa- tion, for some of the letters were written in downright slashing style. The attention of the authorities was called early in the week, to the manner in which the home-going South Sea Islanders were fleeced by rascally traders. Mr. Palmer is the wrong man to allow such a charge to slumber, and he at once caused inquiries to be made by a properly appointed body, which sat on board the Ceara, labour schooner. The boxes of the " boys " were examined, and the articles purchased by them as <" trade" were catalogued, and fairly priced. The poor fellows were found to have been swindled wholesale. £1, for example, was charged them for a dozen boxes of matches, and the same amount for a crown's worth of clay pipes. Most of those extortions were made in a northern port. The offence is the more gross, because the Kanaka, as we know him in Queensland, is an inoffensive, almost, amiable being, with a good deal of the child in his disposition. 