MEWS OF THE DAY. His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth was to have delivered judgment to-day in the ap plication for an order to wind-up the Provincial and Suburban Bank, but at eleven o'clock the crier announced that his Honor would not sit to-day, and therefore the delivery ot cue judgment was postponed. The It. M.S. Siam has made a fast trip from Adelaide, She is reported to havo left that port yesterday morning at o o clock, and she was sighted off Cape Otway at ten minutes past eleven o'clock to-day. Sha would reach the Heads about half-past four o'clock this afternoon, and the Bay at about eight o'clock. The Banco Court was engaged again to-day in bearing arguments for a new trial in tho case of Young v tho Ballarat Water Commis- sion. They will probably occupy some days yet, James Short, aged 47, a wagonette proprie tor, living in Avoca street South Yarra, got up at Beven o'olook this morning, apparently in bis ' usual hoalth. Only half an hour afterwards his son James went out to the back prefjiseB, and found him banging by a clothes line from a rafter. He was ot course at onae cut down, and Constable Brennan called in promptly. Dr Wooldriclge was tho nearest medical man, but Short's life could not be saved. He died almost immediately. No causo can be given for the suicide. Snort was a very old resident of South Yarra, and much esteemed. The American Exporter, a very nicely got- up journal, publishes an Australian annual edition. Considerable space is devoted to a deicription of the colonies, and tothe openings which they present for pushing American commerce, The publication contains an ex cellent woodcut of the new Exhibition buildingB how being erected in Carlton Gardens. Teeth have been a source of trouble and vanity to their possessors from ail time, as they still continue to be. An English maga zine states that dentists were common nmong the Egyptians, on the authority of Herodotus, and tie extraction of teeth was known to the ancient Greeks. Sprengel, in his History of Medicine, says ; — "Even surgical instruments were bequeathed by the inventors to these sacred shrines of medicine. Thus, Erasistra- tu8 presented to the Delphic Temple of Apollo an instrument for extracting teeth. The Romans were acquainted with the use of false teeth, and they are mentioned both by Horace and Martial, Among the ancient Jews it was a violation of the Sabbath to wear a fnlso tooth on that day, Teeth which have been found at Pompeii were very sound, a diecovery which led to tho supposi tion that the people of that ancient city did hot indulgo in the luxuries which have attended the progressive march of civilisation. Artificial teeth became known in England, it is supposed, about the 15th or lfitli century. They are mentioned in the " Mathematical Jewel," 1585; and Ben Johnson, in the "Silent Woman," refers to them : " Otter(speakingof his wife)— a most vile face I and yet aha spcndB me £40 a year in mercury and hog's hones. All litr teeth were made in tho Black FriarB." In the mattor of tho conviction of Plain clothes Constable Rattigan 110 action has as yet been taken. The depositions _ in tho case aro now under careful consideration by the Chief Commissioner of Police, who will personally layi them before the Chief Secretary in the courso of tho day. Of courao, what recommendations may be made, or what action may be talcon, is at present a matter, of pure conjecture. A gentleman whose name was at one time in every mouth, and who is intimately con nected with Australian history, waited upon the Minister of Lands this morn ing, The gentleman in question was Mr llnrgreavo', the first discoverer of gold in the country, nnd his object was to ask, after many yeara ' waiting that, tho small reward tardily voted to him years ago should bo paid. The sum of £10,000 was originally voted to reward Mr Hargreaves for the discovery which has enriched thousands, and made Australia a country, Of that, £5000 was paid, and others putting in claims, Mr Hargreaves received "but £2500. In 18G3, the second moiety of £5000 was votoil, of which ho was to receive £2100. At this time, however, he was absent fro>>- the colony, nnd when he returned, the M'-iis- try were no longer ill power. To till— day ho h-ie never received the money. Mr Longmore promised to promptly bring thr matter under the notice of nis colleague- A meeting of tho Doom ployed Relief Fund Committee was held in tho Town-hali on Saturday afternoon, There were present the Mayors of Melbourne and Ilotham, Messrs S. V. "Whiter, levers, J. H. Knipe, Swan, siilji.f.n, Crilly, Mnnion, and Alexander Tay lor, hon. secretary to the committee ; the Mayor of Melbourne in the chair. The com mittee dealt with a largo number of applica tions for relief, and orders were granted to 30 families with 100 ohiidreu, and 72 men and women, who belonged to all trades and professions. Tho orders amounted to £10 18s. The total sums paid away during tho week amount to £05 17s, and tho amount of subscriptions received during cue xx cays is x.xxo us ia. .curing me wbok assistance was granted to 03 fathers, 03 mo thers, 11 widows, 10 wirlowors, 10 unmarried men, 273 children —in all, 430 individuals. It was unanimously agreed that tho collecting for further subscriptions should cease, and that the balance iu the hands of the treasurer should bo handed over to some of tho other existing charities and relief funds. The committee will meet 011 Wednesday evening, at. 7 o'clock, in the Town-hall, wheu they will decide what shall be done with the balance in the treasurer's hands. It may lis mentioned that the committee are satisfied that a large amount of distress exists, but it is of such a nature as to require systematic and sustained aid, and thoy believe that some of the existing charitable organisations have better means at their command for the distribu tion of funds than the committee have. In Victoria we aro used to strong resolu tions on political matters, but the following, which was moved at a public meeting in Sydney, exceeds in violence any thing we remember here : — "That this meet- irig deplores.the dearth of useful legislation during the lsBt 10 dreary months, attributable entirely to the blundering and plundering attempts at law-making on tho part of an ill-conditioned Government and a tycophantic majority in the people's branch of Legislature, as manifested in their deceptive Chinese Bill, their double-dealing Fifth Judge Bill, their gagging Parliamentary Bill, and above nil, in their clap-trap, tinkering thievish Land Bill, which, if allowed to have ho- come law, would have ruined and degraded the colony; and, therefore, this meeting re spectfully expresses its gratitude to tho irre sponsible gentlemen of the Upper House for thoir firm, dignified, and statesmen-like re sistance to these unpatriotic measures." The Geelong Times says The largest ca binet-maker lias discharged most of his work- men — one, if not more coaclunakers, have put out their fires and shut up their workshops. The drapers in mnny cases hare cither reduced their number of employes, or reduced thoir salaries. The plant of the largest agricultural implement establishment was yesterday sold by auction under n bill of sale, the proprietor having gone into the Insolvent Court, In brief, trade was never so bad, or money so CLU1LC US till piCoCiJV) ttil/lUll UUO UIQUlUlJf UL the oldest inhabitant. The Ballarat Star writes : — " The cry is still they come," said a jolly host to us on Satur day; ' I have had seven of the unemployed in my bar to-day, all intent on the same pur pose, a free drink. One man offered his rail- way) pass up country in exchange for two pints of beer ; a uecund said he had left Melbourne . for a change of air ; while a third, finding that there was no cheap beer about, displayed quite a pound's worth of silver, and exclaimed quite confidentially to a brother loafer, 'That's the \vay we fool Mr Woods.' " One of tho "unemployed" with whom we conversed on Sunday stated that the railway-pass system was a farce, that it resulted in a lot of the riff raff of the metropolis being packed away by the police, nnd that tho really distressed laborers— those with families dependent upon theih— could not, and would not, accept a free journey up country in search of work, which they were assured that they could not obtain. Our informant added that the cry re lative to the distress existing amongst decent working-men in Melbourne was not in anyway a fictitious one. Writing on the amalgamation of Build ing Societies, the Insurance and Bank ing -Record says : — An institution formed by an amalgamation of a large num ber of the existing societies would be freo- from -all the objections indicated, and would probably be able to obtain money up in as favourable terms as the larger banks ; and while it should aim at receiving deposits for tho longer periods rather than the shorter, there is no reason why it should not co operate with them in this matter. The re moval in this way of the- present excessive competition for money would tend to reduce its value all round, and would thus prove bene ficial tothe whole community, as the oxfctiag rates are for too high for general prosperity, business operations being retarded, and pro- prety of all kinds depreciated in value there by. ; The building societies would, in fcurn gain an incidental advantrigo from the ' crease in the value of thoir securities, wiv .u would follow. For the first time the public of Y/ Jama had nn opportunity of listoning to.->'BG'entific lecture, which was at once ing1"' iva and amusing. The lect- ,v" was t'» .urld-famcd Frof Peppe vh(7- " ' xred at "eorge's Hall on Saturday eve. ' , T''- lirafi'ujsor divided the entertainment he s ; ah into two parts Tho ffirtt was devoted . . xauutive descrb- tion of.light nnd its laws r .notion; the affinity and sympathy of various objects 011 huuan beings under specific circumstances ; and various other points of tho subject, nil of wbich were listened to eagerly b/ the lecturer's evidently sympathetic audience. He E remised these that in the time to coin:, before e left' Melbourne, he would produce to their astonished gaze the celebrated ghost Various experiments were made ' to show the power of light in all its phnses, and its material influence on every particle of animate nnd inanimate nature. He showed colors of every shade could be produced by a point of light, and bo made to re- main in tho atmosphere after the pro ducing power had been withdrawn. There were also in this division various other ex periments, all of a highly interesting nature. In the second division of hia entertainment; the Professor threw from the Bo'urke street and of the 1 hall 011 to a screen, _ or curtain, on the stage, a number of dissolving views of a sensational and grotesque nature. Of these, the view of Vreuvius in eruption (the state in which it was recently) was very much admired, as was (he view of St, Peter's by day and night, The dancing skeleton was o great effect to those who wished to enjoy a laugh, and the appearance of a succession of figures in one space in infinifesmal periods of timo was applauded to the echo. But Professor Popper's great charm, perhaps, is the consummate ehse with which he addresses himself to his subject, rivalling in this regard the late Robert Heller, and it may safely be assumed that he has established himself at the outset in a posi tion as strong as that gentlemen ever held, although the two entertainments are as widely apart as the poles. Messrs Baker and Farrnn made their re-ap pearance after along absence at the Theatre Royal ou Saturday night, and were very cor dially greeted by a large audience. They chose the well-known stock play, Conrad and Lizette, for their opening piece, and ns usual it went smoothly and merrily to the end. Tho minor parts were well sustained. Neither Friends nor H.M.S. Pinafore pall on the public taste, for both tho Opora House and tho Academy were crowded on Saturday evening, and tho only question now to be solved is, whether the attendance . will warrant the respective- managements in producing the new pieces they have now in . rehearsal. At the Princess's Pout a' Dhoil seems likely to have.a lengthened run. 