NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, CAMPERDOWN. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Congregational Church at Camperdown was performed on Saturday afternoon. A procession of Sunday-school children, with a neat little banner, was formed and marched to the site, and the proceedings commenced shortly after they had been seated on the platform erected for the occasion. Amongst those who were present were the Rev. J. Warlow Davies, M.A., the Rev. S. Savage, the Rev. T. Jeffries, LL.B., the Rev. J. C. Kirby, the Rev. A. Buzacott B.A., the Rev. T. Forsyth, the Rev. C. Hardie, and Messrs Joseph Perry, W. J. Green, Torning, W. S. Buzacott, Preston, and S Thompson. The proposed building has been designed by Mr. Herbert Thompson, architect, and the con- tractor is Mr Evans. It will be of the modern Gothic style of architecture, with different coloured bricks, the dimensions 40 feet long by 25 feet broad, and will seat, when completed, 225 people. The preliminary devotional offered prayers conducts by the Rev. T C Kirby and the Rev. i Buzacott after which the first name d gon Roman road the following history of what had been done up to the present " The Congress, tionalists began their we are in C camperdown about three years ago. On May 12th, 1876, Mr T Evans or Dowling-street opened a Sun day school at the corner of Grote street and Camperdown Road with an i end mee or four children In course of time the school mercy ' There are now over eighty on the look with a still t si" teachers Schools held morning and attack on Du mo service for adults was first held in "November 1877 "Up to be present service has only been held on the Sundry even me, but it is in ended on the of completion of the new church, to hold -service both morning and even" Seeing that the congregation wash or to become permit neutral increase thelncndsre lived to purchase a suitable site upon which to er Ci, a church. The "Found on which we stand was chosen when Mr Duddridge, the owner, agreed to accept a very reasonable price and gave three months in which to complete the payment v without charging any interest t Further, a kept at present conveyed it over to the trustees for life s( viz Messrs A Torning, T J Green, J H Rossiter, John Dudundge and Evans During the tu civ o months before mentioned the time of £100 was and is by the v church by bus captions of the people, which defrayed the cost of hogrounc1 In June. lb, after due inquiry and da oration the Rev J Rickard. pastor of the Globe Congregational 1 Chu di (me had kindly inter's cdhinn-ellmt young, c area formed a Congregational Church at Camperdown severe six members received into -"housing Mob is 1 Evans and I "sargeant were elected dear sons i of the Rev. J Rickard pastor the chair h steadily in creased, but ill health and pr some of duties caused the Rev I Rickett to resign the ] a tomato which was accepted with regret, and a hearty vote ofthankswas timed to the Royal I never f - his senses TW dearly refer t that being about from the colony he is not able to be with us to do ranges J C Iii by the unanimous call other numbers his accept" 1 the acting pastorate, with the use prob" on of the C Church Extension Society Vrcqietl vmt,occni too to the chu chester from committee, the auctioneering erect on a a 1 nee church on some fouiuhf'îrib, or order to plans and speci lications by Herbert S Thompson the and test the state will support and the election He position now to be (tested is 40% 21 feet The total pie "It expenditure including gifts of lamb in willie over 5 900 x' e expect to see 95 persons the church had also to reduce ledge the gift of the eaulJful Sunday school banner by His Merv Anne Evans Also the "left of a p\"ell-_t communion service in Mr Jane I sees one The star of £390 has been advanced by the Church extension to ev Mr Evans presented Mr Perry with a mallet and the v of, old bottles costs in" an account of what had been done several newspapers and silver coin of the realm having been report ed in the -tout Mr PEÍ me, in the name of the Father Son and Holy Ghost, declared the stone well and they laid JPs said the only three is a o th" play of where they now were was bush and tiled v ich holiness "and what a caongtílrud taken place since then B-ttnogravi. question with th is now is not v not far past had been nor even what the present it but what we fear" 20 years w i and best If they you ed to make the people of this neighbourhood Lnopv md KC s cautious both done by building; house or "owning street or even con screening theatres and ] none has a , but it would be by building homes II i is a fact that nation as a exalteth a i lion and it is seen a nation it also called a community and today it was therefore it was right that every one should absence, not on vio b uld churches, but to sue on them into- the severe hail The Rev Mr Fox k ITH offered up the dedication prayer The Rev Mr D was then addressed those present He thought it was no exaggeration to say that this was an event, and the future would t somewhat it was an event of profound significance that would reach across time tar into eternity He did not that it would be extravagant language to safer this was a greaper event that the tunnel at their ' cod of a salver to con fact two such colonies as Victoria and New South Wales, or of commer cm, such a structure as that intended for the Sydney International Exhibition Not that there was anything in the building that they had begun to build a breakwater rg inst the mighty surging tide of the ina dualism of the present name The) has begun to build a harbor of refuge, too into which men and women, driven by the cares of life might retire and have an IIOJI s silent communion with their God If they pastel through Roman Catholic countries they would find one thing that would strike them as of peculiar significance The doors of the churches were open all day long F» had seen the poor sterling's tests races CTA t I n S- l,n_*.-_ Welter cv moment from the business of the day to hold communion with God If there was any place on the face of the earth when they needed reminders that there was a world above us and an endless onl wv curious future beyond us, it was in these colonies, and every church that was built was a silent protest against the materialism of the world then, in building this church, they were erecting a temple for the worship of the great d Men were now saying that the pulpit had lost its power There was a time when the pulpit was e anything but the press had taken a large amount of the work out of their hands They did not envy the pro's, they rather thanked God that the range of their work had been limited As long:, however, as they lived in a word of guilt and sin as long as human hearts were sad and sorrowful us long as millions of their race were sinking into perdition without God and without hope, and as long as they announced the simple message of Jesus Christ so long would the power of the pulpit continue The Church was a great hospital, and blessed be God, the physician had not left the patients By the mercy of God he trusted this would be a word to which many souls would be received and new life and vigour imparted to them. The Church also was to be the home of Christian follow ship, and it was a pity that in their churches There was comay h sand and so little cement He hoped that here there would be no bickering and no misunderst sidings, but that mutual trust would prevail down to the little children Again it was not merely a Christian Church, but a Christian Congregational Church which cost ended for the liberty ot self-government of each b lv of Christians, and while Independents laid down their own principles clearly and boldly they were ready to work most cordially with -his it was gathered into other or- relations He read the protest of the party r John Perry who had suffered death for the sake of religious convictions, and trusted that the here c spirit that character send him and the early rounds s of dependency in she ever continue the Rev Mr HARDIE offered up a prayer, and pronounced the benediction and the proceedings were brought to a close Offerings to the amount of over all were made on the stone ________,__-*. I RANGE AND THE AL'STBO-PBVSSIAN WAR. Some interesting revelations of the policy of Napoleon III. towards Austria and Prussia in 666 are contained in book recently published in Paris by the Due de Gramont, under the titles of " L Allemagne' Nouvelle, 1863-67, pat Andre Memory." On the day after the battle of Sadowa, says the author, M. Drouyn do Lhuys, who was then Minister of Foreign Affairs, proposed to the Emperor that he should at once place a corps of observation of 80,000 men on the eastern frontier, as the Rhine was completely divested of Prussian troops, and the French Ambassador (then the Due de Gramont, had reported that Prussia was! quite exhausted by her victory. Thus by a military demonstration and without any bloodshed (urged the Minister) Napoleon might become master of the situation. The Emperor at first received the project favourably, but he afterwards rejected it, fearing that, as he had semi-officially supported the conclusion of the treaty between Italy and Prussia, he might be charged with having betrayed" Victor Emmanuel if he now declared himself against Prussia. It seems that he was threatened with the publication of documents which would prove that the treaty of the 8th of April had been approved of and advised by" him, and that he was warned that the policy recommended by M. Drouyn do Lhuys might plunge France into a war for which, owing to the requirements of the Mexican expedition, she was not prepared. When King William accepted the mediation of France, M. Benedetti was at once sent to the Prussian headquarters and Prince Napoleon to King Victor Emmanuel, It was known at Florence that the Prince was entrusted with the mission of demanding that Italy should at once cease hostilities ; but the Italian Government preferred to come to an arrangement with Prussia, and the Prince consequently came too late. Another interesting incident of these negotiations was the despatch of the of following telegram to Vienna by M. Drouyn de Lhuys, which proved that in Paris the cause of Austria was looked upon as irretrievably lost : Paris, J toy 12, 1866. Prussia makes the conclusion of an armistice dependent on the acceptance by Austria of certain preliminaries of peace- Wedonotknoyy precisely what the latter are, but we believe that the principal, demand will be that Austria should withdraw from the German Band the other points are less important, and are reserved for subsequent discussion. Under presentçirçuni" stances the Emperor considers that the continuance of the war would be Austria's ruin." To this the French Ambassador replied that before the Emperor could consents the withdrawal of Austria from the Bund, he must be informed of the other points of the preliminaries of peace, " Should any of them be unacceptable such, for instance,' as a demand, for losses of territory Austria will trotha fortune of war, trades necessary, perish houourablyi«*« . thou buy her Salvationist such a pace.': 