EFFOBTS are being made to induce Mr J. T. T. SMITH to stand in the Liberal interest for the vaoant seat for West Bonrka, and it ia to be hoped they will .prove successful. Mr SHTH is the son of the late Mr JOHN THOMJSS SMITH, who represented West Boorke for many years, -and whose death has made « gap in the Liberal party which will not be easily filled. Mr SMITH, junior, is now a "Crown Proaecntor, and in that capacity as -eerviog the country jest as faithfully and well as Ins father as greatly distinguished iiimaelf as a JOB ties of the peace daring tin many years he occupied that position. A Crowa proeecutorabip ia a lucrative poet, no donbt. Henoe it ia no wonder, perhaps, that Mr SMITH, junior, has taken 'time to consider whether he shoold yield liiberal party, to step into thepariiamentaiy place vacated by tis lather, or remain in ilia present appointment. Bnt it seeosto oa that Mr SMITE alionld not display •arch heataUem about taking ths^tep tbafc is-desired of him. According to all accomts, tbe deceased member liaa left ton In aodi a iaanriat position that he need not care about eesering himself fom the "Government aerwee on peenniary gioqnda. Moreover, as a prominent member of tbe AaaemUy, as he woeid be anre to liecoma, fee wonld soon obtain a position at the Twc, In value con- siderably in excess of the salary he now receivea; eo that, in this light alone, be wonld really taafcB no sacrifice by .entering the political arena. Personally regarded, therefore, we do not see wby fie should hesitate abont yielding to die wish of Us political friends, or decline to stand for the vacant seat .which was ao long and so honorably filled by'bis late father. Bnt politically there are strong reasons why Mr SMITH, junior, should stand tor West Boaifce jut sow. He is tbonqgUy Liberal la Ids INBTTACTA; he is knomi to view Hie present IQnbby •rith favor, and be beartSy cympatbisse with the objects which (be Liberal party are endeavoring to accomplish. Aaagood dlizsn of Victoria, tfaeisfore, lie shonld come oat of bis -shell and stand boldly for Wait BoarkB at a time when tbe Liberal party reqdire the services of •U tbeir friends, sod thus do anbstantial service to the Liberal cause at a really critical period in iteerieteEce. H he did this he wonld certainly be elected. The respect in which his late father is held in the district wonld be a grand introduction for him; and his own abilities wonld secure the remainder. As we pointed oat the other day, it is of great importance jnstno w that the vacant seat for West Boorke ahonld be secured by the Liberal party, ' A defeat at West Boorke would, metaphorically speaking, throw a: wet blanket over Mr BEBEY'S mission which could not be easily removed. The return of a Conservative candidate, or of a milk- and- watery - «npporter of • the Government, would tend to encourage the belief that a change had taken place in public opinion, with regard to the constitutional question, and thus go a long way to mar the object for which Mr BEBBY and Professor PEAESON have gone to the Colonial 'Office. But the contrary effect will be produced if a hearty supporter of the Government shonld be elected to the vacant seat. It will then be seen here that all the writing, there has been of late about the opinions of the country undergoing a change favorable to the Conservative party, is the merest vapor; while in Downing street such tactics will be appraised at their trne value. The result will then be that Mr BEBBT and Ms colleagues will receive every consideration from the Secretary of State; whereas if the Conservative party shonld win this seat, there is real danger of the object of the mission being defeated. It is of great importance to the Liberal party, therefore, that a Btaunch Liberal should be retained for West Bourke, and there is no taking any other view of the subject. Now Mr SMITH, junior, meets all the requirements of this case. He is no half-and-half supporter of the Liberal cause. He is known to be -decided in his views; and his name is favorably regarded in the Weet Bourke district. He would, therefore^ have a much better chance of being returned than any other candidate that could be nominated; and this is a great point that has always to be considered when arranging for a political contest. Still farther, his return wonld show that West Boorke remained true to the Liberal cause, and also go a long way to ehow that the same steadfastness of opinion prevails in all other Liberal districts. The return of Mr SMITH, junior, is really a necessity just now; and we trnst, therefore, he will allow himself to be nominated for the position. EVENTS march in France. A crisis amounting to a peaceful revolution has been consummated in Paris. The Septennate has collapsed prematurely, as did the Empire out of which it arose. Marshal MACMAHON, following his old master's example, has laid down the sceptre and retired into private life. That fine old patriot and veteran, JOLES GBEYT, is now the ruler of France, and GAMBETTA is president of the Chamber of Deputies. It is an amazing change in French public affairs! The revolution conld not have been more complete if it had been effected by barricades and the deadly sweep of the mitrailleuse mowing down the armed citizens in the streets. Only one incident in the whole transaction is of an unfavorable cast; and that is the persistent refusal of tbe Premier, M. DOFATJBE, to continue in office. ForM-DUFACBE is the ableststatesmannow living in France. His name, like thatofthelate M. THIEBS, is a tower of strength to the nation. He has the confidence of all parties, even of his most resolute political foes. The sincerity of his patriotism, the loftiness of his aims, no Frenchman ever for a moment doubted. But politics are, in every country, a complicated and perplexing game. Possibly, personal rather than political reasons had most to do with M. DOFAUBE'S resolve to resign. But whether that be so or not, it is certain that the peaceable revolution now accomplished would have lacked not a single element of benefit for France, for Europe, for the world at large, had the DCFAOBE Ministry remained in office unbroken. However, it is a compensation that a very. capable successor has been found for the late Premier. M. WADDINGTON is a gentleman of English descent, BB bis name plainly shows; and he is a trne statesman —a man of bigh and patriotic aims, of large knowledge and experience in public affairs, of irreproachable morals, and a loyal and devoted Bepnblican. -He has worked his way to the high position he now occupies He was a trusted colleague of the late Premier; and his zeal for the promotion of popular education and the higher culture in France has gained him the respect and confidence-even of those classes whfch, both by hereditary principles and personal predilections, are strongly opposed to Republican principles. It might almost have been predicted, by any acute observer of tbe course of affairs in France for the last few years, that the rnle-of Marshal MACMAHON would some day. come abruptly to an end. The wonder is that it survived so long as it did. In about a twelvemonth more the allotted period of seven years wonld have ran out; so that the inevitable change in the Presidency is anticipated by only a year. The whole secret of the sadden resignation and retirement into private life lies in the simple fact that the Marshal had not the confidence of the Bepnblican party. In truth, he never deserved to have it. He is, ant! ever was, at heart a Bonapartist and an enemy of Bepublicanism. Since his election to tbe Presidency he has been playing the double game. He did all his beat, both in secret council and by bis public acts, to thwart and impede the progress of the principles and the party. He was bent from tihe first on restoring the Empire, if possible. The men be selected for his ministers and counsellors, bis intimate private friends, his trusted associates, were all anti-republicans. On one occasion he went BO -far aa to meditate. ,a «oitp&et- at;— or, in other - wards, - tiie overthrow of the Repi&lic;, jand -the establkbment of a military dictatorship. Oil another he imprisoned M. GAMBETTA for the crime of Baying some'pluh 'words respecting the Government. On a third, he refused to accept the Ministry that the Chambers had chosen, because ofits Bepnblican composition. the last he was restive and impracticable, whenever he found himself overmastered toy the National party. Even the ground of his forced resignation ia evidence of bis disloyalty to the caoae he was selected to protect and lead. He had made auch a disposition of the army throughout France as proved that be had some sinister •end in view. Tfce chief poets of military defence were pot onder the command of aati - republican generate. With what nsotive? Clearly, that' bis orders shpold be obeyed by the entire army in the event of his venturing opon a coup d'etat. His sronld bare . used the army of the nation, as his predecessor did, to drai soon the nation into subjection to ilmself. - He wonld, periufK, if be had been allowed,- enslaved aod rurned bis cbointryl ' Bathe was'foiled ateveiry.&ini.; Tbe. people knew him, watched him, and baffled aU bis .de^Mi Th^y, . at least, were .faithfal bo 'thSr. principles ind the nation, , At every election tbey returned an overwhelming 'nugotity d Bepnblican re) preseetatives. The jjarshal waa.beaten in Ite longnm,.orire*^«itd baa given op the game. It is a pregnant event in the world's current history. For seven years longer France is assured of remaining a republic; and that assurance includes peace and progressive prosperity for the country, and the extinction of those vile factions that have all along been bent on making that noble nation the prey of nnscrupnlous {adventurers or of ambitious despots. The numerous bus^i fires around the district extended considerably with the heat of yesterday, and on all sides the devastation was very great. A gentleman who came from Blackwood during -the morning, .states that between that place and Gordon fires were burning on both sides of the road, destroying miles of fencing," while the fist fountry between Kgerton and Meredith was like a nng3 Turriace, belching upwards large rolumeB ot smoke and tlame. -A selector named Rjekilly, living beyond Blackwood, after years of hard work bad everything consumed—crops, houBe, furni- •tuiB. and clothing,-except that in which he- stood ; white other small farmers in the locality have had their stacks burnt. There was also a large fire yesterday is the direction of Burnt Bridge, bnt no particulars weretoband laatereoiag. -Thefaighest reading of the thermometer in the shade during the day in Ballarat was 101-23 deg. We regret to record the death of Mrs Bath, wife of the Re-r. Eenry Batb, Wesleyan minister, which ssd event toek place yesterday at the parsonage, Lydiard street, after an illness of abont two months, from tnmor inXhe chest. The deceased lady and her reverend husband arrived in Ballarat in April last, and since her residence here had made msny warm and attached friends. The funeral will take place to- day at four o'clock. Mr W. Gunn, of Ascot street, met with a very nasty accident late on Tuesday evening, when returning to Ballarat from a country trip. He was riding on top of a load of wattle bark with a young man named Henry Boughen, on the Rokewood road. When about fourteen miles out from the town, on a piece of very rough road, one of tbe wheels of the dray sank into a deep rut, and the dray capsized, Mr Boughen falling on his head on the road, while Mr Gunn fell under the load of bark and partially under the framework of the dray. Mr Boughen was stunned for some little time, but on recovering consciousness he set to work to release his fellow-sufferer, which after a great deal of trouble he succeeded in doing, and it was then found that Mr Gunn was so badly hurt as to be unable to stand. He was brought in to Ballarat, and, at his own request, taken to the Hospital, when it was seen that his leg was broken, and his head badly bruised. The injured man, who is sixty-six years of age, received the necessary attention, and last night he had improved considerably. - It is said that the road where the accident occurred is very bad indeed, and that it is surprising that more casualties have not resulted from its unsafe condition. If that be the case, it might be well if tbe Grenvilleshire Council would took into the matter, with a view to making it passably safe for traffic. A fire occurred on Soldiers'Sill at abont halfpast three yesterday morning, which resulted in the destruction of a tool- house, forming part ef the premises occupied by tbe Bev. B. Kennedy. The watchman at the East gave the alarm, and the City and Town brigades were soon on the spot, and by their exertions the fire was confined to the building in which it broke out. The origin of the conflagration is not at present known. A meeting of employes in the grocery trade was held last night at the Buck's Head hotel, and there was a very good attendance. Mr King was voted to the chair. The business of the meeting was to consider the advisability or otherwise of asking the employers to cloBe tlieir establishments at six p.m. daily, and at teu p.m. on Saturdays. A general desire was evinced by those present to obtain the concession; and it was finally resolved that a requisition be drawn up and presented to employers for signature. Mr W. J. Gates was appointed to act as canvasser. Mr Jones gave a brief ani concise explanation for convening the meeting. The. chairman referred to a letter which appeared in The Courier of May, 1875, regarding early closing, which proved that employers were willing to cloBe, but the proposal fell through then from inaction on the part of tbe parties concerned. After the general business of tbe meeting was transacted a committee was formed, consisting of Messrs Woods, Jones, George King, John Aikins, John Gray, and Eager, - and sufficient funds were collected to carry out the arrangement. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a dose. Peter M'Ginty, aged fifty years, a laborer, residing at Warrenheip, was admitted into the Hospital on Tuesday night, suffering from a fracture of the left arm, and a wound on the leg, which injuries he stated he received at the hands of some woman, nine days ago, at MoorabooL He had, previously to his admission to tbe accident ward, been treated as an out-patient, but on his application he was admitted into the institution. M'Ginty states that he believes the woman that struck him used a spade as a weapon, and that she was actuated by an old spite she had against him. He also says that be intends to take no action against his assailer, and be seems anxious of saying as little of the affair as he can. £The remains of tbe late Constable John Cotter were interred yesterday at the Old Cemetery. The members of tbe police force and tbe Hibernian Society were present at the funeral, with a number of other leading citizens. The burial service was read by the Bev. Father Collier. Mr Atkins had charge of the mortuary arrangements. Yesterday evening a couple of young men froi tbe country fell in, at the Western railway station, with a stranger, who, to while away the time, offered to initiate them into the three-card trick, and opened the game at once. Circumstances necessarily attendant on the "little go" subse- quently caused the yokels to take a policeman into their confilence, and the policeman tepk the magsman into bis. The sharper at once handed back the deposits placed in his hands by the young men and. the latter took the next train bade to their native woods. Sugeant Carden, of the City police force, prostrated yesterday afternoon by a sudden and severe attack of English cholera, the result, ne doubt, of the weather. Drs Bunce and Usher were quickly in attendance, and on enquiry last night we were glad to lesni that the sergeant was much better. The ordinary meeting of the Sebastopol board of advice lapsed last evening for want of a quorum the only members present being Messrs Ellsworth and Hedges. It is to be regretted that through the remissness of absent members, important business in relation to school matters could not be entered upon. For instance, the truant officer sought the board's assistance in the prosecution of his duties. On the other hand, parents are still being prosecuted for the non-attendance of their children. At the same time the children have never had an opportunity of exemption by being examined for their certificates, no inspector having examined the schools since the montb of May 1877, an injustice to parents and children alike. At Clunes on Tuesday evening, the dwelling- house of Mr Clay, ironfounder, situate at the back of Purcell street, near the creek, was destroyed by fire, with all the furniture, clothing, &c.; Mr Clay was [away] from home at the time; and Mrs Clay, who was unwell in bed, was got out of the house by some neighbors who saw the flames. The premises were uninsured. There was no house adjoining, so the fire did not spread. The brigades were on the spot as quickly as possible, but were unable to save anything of value. There was some alarm in St. Leon's circus, where the company were performing at a short distance, and many people rushed out, but, seeing the position of the fire they soon returned, and the show went on. The annual excursion of St. John's Presbyterian Church Sunday School took place yesterday. The scholars, along with those from Mr Bain's school," about =700 altogether, W4 the 'Western by* upecialtmincarriages at hAlf-paat BOTen o'clock for Gedong, nnder the awe of Messrs Gilbert, Xmsr, -Camhbell, Taylor, Jamieaon, and other gentlemen. A vtry agreeable d»y «« spent rn the pivot city, and the excurhome In ariety,reaching Ballarat shortly after eight pjn. Sporting men w01 regret to learn that an leci- Sfw. « ^!H? Cne ?' ® ther , tf m design, t ?5? B ,- He P burn » bone Terrific, by which the sight of one Of the eyes of the animal has been .Terrific was the winner of the Barwon Plate at the late Geelong meeting, and wuamongttthe best two-j^rJoldsrf tbe^wn. The annual picnic-of St. John's Sunday School, ^ P^.y^nJsy at. the Botank SSS? T«ngaUige cpneoume of both •H 4 "' who, notwithstanding the heat of the weather, thoroughly-enjoyed them- B . D °M»ou» out-door recreations, together with rowing and sailing on the lake. „ named' Thomas Cray, whoisio 01 Witeo S L f ^ ' ^ i ^ n . Trawalla, was ^m tted into the Hospital on TueadaylvJning. 2&^i? mpi ??S 0 rn bom ' » w *gg°n, sprained ti. IhatMaremiSl to the iMUtarf. tte BsBaiat Horticnl- H^lt^ raawfffrom the KcreUry tor Agriculture, and from the seoetarv of din MJhnn™ acw booki •pfl. ^gianet- jo»t jutted be seen on application to the seta*—v tbe Alfred Hall. Exhibits : — Exhibited by Nicholls and Co. — Three apples —Duchess of Oldenbnrgb (non-blighter); very fine. Cut flowers.—Phloxes — Monsieur Hugh Lowe, Neptune, Comtesse Cbambord, Madame ODomagra, Delicata, Madame Fremont* Madame Beadantler; very good. Gladiolus, calendula; clianthus, daxnperiL Commended. Exhibited by Mr A. Kenny, Orphan Asylum — Two varieties of apples, gloria mnndi and Dumelow's aeedling; very fine. Two varieties of plums -Prince Englfiberth . and . Goliath; fine. Tnree varieties of fasten (good strain); commended. Apple, Gravenetein, exhibited by T. Wood; very good. By A. Y. Brewster, a nice collection of marigolds. A large^uah-firfe was raging yesterday in the' vicinity of tbe Green Hills at Buninyong. A large area of scmbby country and no inconsiderable pmountof^rqperty have been destroyed. . . We hear that Mr Bobert Boss has been ap-: minted teacher ol tbe night school on Soldiers' 1 The gold enp won by Mr M. Loughlin at the recent Geelong race meeting was on view yesterday at the -flhop of Mr Flegeltaub, of Cobb's corner. Tbe trophy—a very valuable one, chastely worked —was mounted on a revolving stand, and was thus sbown to the best advantage. In the case; of Lord v Crawford, lately taken at tbe County Court, tbe amount sued for was £117a for rates. Defendant paid this amount into conrt, with 4s costs. The attorney further applied ior costs, bat the application was refused, on the grounds tbat the amount sned for was under £10. The commanding officer's parade last night was very well attended considering the weather; for nearly 100 rank and file turned out. Major Sleep was in command, and after tbe battalion bad been put through the new skirmishing drill, it was dismissed in the uaual -way. At tbe Clunes Police Conrt yesterday, tbe Clunes water commissioners brought up four residents for allowing water to tan to waste. Mr Mann, of Ballarat, prosecuted. In each case a fine ofSs, with 12s 6d costs,-was inflicted. Three of the cases .were undefended. - Mr Phillipps appeared for the fourth, and objected that the ^word " board/' meaning the Board of Land and Works; did not apply to the water commissioners. This was overruled, as by the Local Governing Bodies Act it was interpreted to mean the local governing body. He also objected tbat bis client was only a tenant, and, as the landlord was rated, was not liable. This was. also overruled, as it was shown that be was supplied with the water, and, although not rated, was liable to be rated. Messrs Weickhardt and Robinson were on the beoch. A very ridiculous affair is to be heard at the Buninyong Police Court on Friday. Two young men who had set a rat-trap for the purpose of catching a rabbit were pounced .upon by another person, who seemed to think he bad a right to tbe rabbit or the trap. A fight ensued, which will form the subject of the litigation. The clock presented by the Government to the Buninyong Borough Council has been placed In the front gable of the Post and Telegr&ph; Office. It is a timepiece without the striking part. We remind our readers that the service of sacred song, by the aboriginal vocalists from tbe Lake Condah mission station, will take place at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. The company comprise altogether twenty-two singers, and a rare aod novel treat may be expected, as they all-read music at sight, and the programme will Include selections from the high-class compositions of the best authors. The public will also have an opportunity of judging of the good work being done by tbe mission, and it is to be hopei practical sympathy with the institution will be shown -by a fall attendance this evening. We obBerve that Mr D'Arcy Bead has kindly decided to cloBe the ghoBt show at the Academy, so as not to interfere witb tbe above entertainment. The great Catholic demonstration will come off at the Junction, Bnngaree, to-day, and from the excellent programme arranged, there is nothing to prevent it being made one ef the most enjoyable outings of the season. Amongst the sports there will be hurling, horse-racing, leaping, throwing the stone, together with a grand bazaar, which will have the effect of making it a perfect fur. Omnibuses and cabs will leave Bropby's hotel at balf-paBt nine o'clock, at very moderate fares, and the return from tbe pleasure grounds will be made about six o'clock. We expect to see a great gathering of our Celtic friends, and hope this wQl be but the first of future annual meetings of the We are requested to inform our readers that Mrs D'Arcy Bead takes a complimentary benefit to-morrow evening at the Academy of Music, on which occasion the company will appear in an entirely new form to a Ballarat audience—as, instead of tbe ghost performance, it will be more of the dramatic nature, a fact which should draw a good house, as it will be their first appearance in Baliarat. As 1 there is good histrionic, dancing, and singing talent in the company, a thorough good programme may be looked for; and, taken into consideration with the fact that many unfortunate drcnmttanceB have happened in connection with the company's visit to Ballarat, it should be the means of securing a bumper house for the fair benejiciaire. Full particulars will appear in tomorrow's issue. A man named Edward Pratt was brought before the Clunes bench yesterday, and ordered to be sent to the lunatic asylnm for treatment. Pratt was for many years a resident of Clunes, but has for some time past been living at Stawell. A few days ago he again made his appearance at Clunes, and has been playing up some eccentric pranks, amongst which was that ol persistently going to the hospital and insisting on taking up his residence there, when he caused some of the patients to exhibit a rather surprising amount of con valescence. A question for opticians and students. A printer writes to us on the incalculably important Bubject of eyesight:—" In my business I have found looking at new small type witb fine, sharp lines, and at the edges of paper when counting it, more hurtful to my eyesight than asy other kind of work; and this has led me to the thought that perhaps studentB would not suffer in their sight so early in life, as many of them do, if the books for their use were printed in blunter type." We have received a copy of the half-yearly report of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company, to be laid before the meeting at Geelong on the I3th instant. The profit on the half-year was £4914 Ss 6d ; the sales during that period amounted to £28,371 16s lid; and the quantity of tweeds turned out by die mill to 146.349J yards. The sales show an increase of £3182 over the previous half- year; and the liabilities of the company have been reduced by upwards of £6000. A dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum is recorded. Messrs O'Farrell and Son hold an important sale at Burrumbeet to-day, at one o'clock, of Mr David Draffin's farm property. Particulars appear in the usual auction column. At the request of some of the candidates who have come forward to represent the Smythes Creek division at the Mining Board, the meeting at Haddon will not be held until next Saturday week. ' We have received a copy of the twelfth annual report of the Victorian Kail ways Mutual Benefit Society for the year 1878. The surplus of the Ballarat demonstration is set down at £61, of which £35 was distributed amongst Ballarat charities. A conceit and ball in aid of the local charities realised £23 10a lid. The.annual statement showed an increase in the members' roll from 871 to 994. The total receipts for the year amounted to £1450 lis lid, or £48 Os lid more than the previous year; tbe expenditure being £1409 Ss lOd, an increase of £21* 10s 4don tbe previous year. The credit balance for the year is set down at £41 9. id, and the general credit balance at £1464 la 2d. - A concert with readings, &c;, will be held in the Mount Pleaaant Sunday school-room to-, morrow (Friday) night. A good programme has been prepued for the occasion, and tbe price of , admission is ao low, Tiz., sixpence, that the B1«M f should be crowded! The enternSmSt menceiat- jdghto'dnck. further particulars as to singers wfll be found in our advertising colnmns. ot the Ballarat Club wfll be held in the dub-rooms next Friday afternoon, at hall-past four o'clock. We have received "Wort, of Grace" for tbe nonth of February. It contains the usual mass W»ni»tio», and altogether u a very creditable publication. ,.^L F ?'7? 1 ';. Alfred Hall this evening. We have received a copy of Mr James Curtis' manac for 1879. We are requested to call attention to an advertisement which appears elsewhere, announcing that a concert and ball will be held atFussell's. hotel, Napoleons, to-morrow (Friday) evening, for the. benefit of Angus tins Smith. The entertainment promises to be veiy successful, and as it is for a deserving object, we wish it ancoen. . We have received a neatly-executed photograph by Mann Bazdwdl and Beanchamp, of Ballarat ot Mr John Pry or'snow patent safety-cage. It is printed fal flrae aectiona, one ol which shows the cusps niy distinctly. Respecting the. disappearance of the two £50 Londua Chartered Banknotes from Hie Australian and1 BunpeanAnk, we (ZVfcyr^i) are interned mat the number* mm known,an4 that on Monday last the manager recand an ananrmous letter oontafadnr:ena t* the miaato note for £50 toreflacethe other roT^ellSk iTiSS prer, in imaipssiqn af. iifhraiitfan/ lSiliaj' it is expected, will clear up the whole matter in a | iZjl. Tuo circumstances under wiucn ine noteB were taken were as follow:—The parcel, sealed, was handed by the teller to tbe exchange clerk, opened in bis presence, and the two top Sydney £I-notes taken off by the teller, and two others given for them. In a little while the exchange clerk came to the teller and informed him that the notes were £101 short. The teller at once counted them, and discovered an error of £1, but kthe notes were £100 short, and he forthwith reported the matter to the accountant. The mystery has occasioned a great deal of speculation in bank circles. Something (says the Geelong Advertiser) has transpired at the Leigh road railway station which calls for investigation by the railway authorities. One of the porters, named Deering, has been suspended from duty by another named Hnssy, who is in charge, and rumor has it that this action was taken iu consequence of Deering having requested - Hussy's daughter to show her ticket or pass for travelling by train the other day. Mrs Deering, who has hitherto attended to the gates, has also been suspended by the head porter, for what reason we are not iu a position to state, and tbe head porter has placed his son iu charge of the gates. AB things at the Leigh road station have not been working so smoothly as could be wished, an immVdiate enquiry should be demanded. About twelve months ago a porter named Green was dismissed rather arbitrarily, but wlien the merits of the case were enquired into be was reinstated. On Tuesday night (says"the Age) Mr William Gaunson, who haB come forward as a candidate for the representation of West Bourke in the Legislative Assembly, addressed a meeting, consisting of about 160 persons, in the Flemington town hall. The audience, which was a good-humored one, gave Mr Gaunson a patient bearing during the delivery of a lengthy and disjointed speech, bnt expressed its disapprobation very loudly when he indulged in violent denunciation of the present Government. Mr GaunBon declared himself a oderate protectionist, commented upon what he regarded as the iniquitous dismissal of civil servants, touched upon the question of constitutional reform, and reviled Mr Woods for having invented a brake. At the conclosion of bis speech, a resolution expressing approval of Mr Gaunson'a candidature was lost, and an amendment affirming that he was "not a fit and proper person to represent West Bourke" was carried. Bnt few of thOBe present voted, however, the candidature of Mr Gaunson evidently not being treated by tbe majority as a really serious matter. An accident (says the P. C. News) which caused a number of very exaggerated rumors to be circulated, occurred at the Newington mine on Friday. On enquiry we learnt that one of the men, whilst engaged on the surface, was struck by a small piece of timber which fell from tbe brace, but the injuries sustained by him were such as will only cause a day or two's indisposition. A serious row among the navvies employed on the Carlsruhe and Daylesford line occurred (says the Argus) on Monday, at a Bhanty and store kept by three young men near the Loddon crossing, six miles from Daylesford. Casks of beer were rolled ont and drank, and tbe contents of the store pillaged. Constables Hogan and Gourdan made seventeen arrests, putting the men for the night in the Trentbam lock-up, which is only 8 feet by 10 feet. On Tuesday several of the prisoners were pnt in the police stable and other buildings. Tbe Commissioner of Customs (says the Age) returned on Monday from Sydney, where he has been for tbe past week or so. Dnring his stay in that city he bad several interviews with Sir H. Farkes, the Premier of New South Wales, to whom he submitted a proposal with a view to the abolition of tbe Border duties now in existence between New South Wales and Victoria. SirH. Farkes expressed himself as being favorably disposed towards their removal, and there is every probability of an arrangement being speedily come to that will be equally beneficial to both the colonies interested. There will shortly (says the Argus) be a vacancy in the office of agent-general, aa Sir Archibald Michie haB announced that he intends to return to the colony in the course of the next three months. The board of enquiry appointed to investigate the circumstances attending tbe escape of tbe prisoner Martin Weiberg, at the Tarwin river, Gippsland, on the 20th December last, met (says the Telegraph) at the Parliamentary bnildings on Tuesday. Present—Messrs Richardson (chairman;, Nimmo, and Mirams, MX. A Inspector Secretan, and Detective Duncan, who had charge of tbe prisoner when he effected his escape, were examined, and gave a detailed account of the whole particulars, as already pnblished by the press. Both the witnesses when closely questioned gave their opinion of certain importantmatters connected with Weiberg's escape, but, in compliance with Inspector Secretan's urgent request, Mr Richardson desired the press to refrain from publishing the evidence until the whole of tbe witnesses had been examined. It was elicited by the chairman that this board had been appointed at the request of the Assistant-Commissioner, and Detective Duncan also stated, in reply to Mr Nimmo, that tbe mem' bers of the board would gain no further information by visiting the scene of the escape, except that tbey would be able to get the exact distance which Weiberg ran before he was lost sight of. Tbe board adjourned the inquiry till next Monday at eleven a.m. At a meeting of the creditors ef Messrs John Noble and Co., grocers, of Malop street, held (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Tuesday afternoon, it was decided to assign the estate to Mr Ecroyd (of the firm of Messrs Ecroyd and Danby, Melbourne), and Mr Bannister, bookkeeper to Messrs P. M'Donald and Co., Geelong. Mr George Higinbotham (says the Age) was waited upon on Tuesday by a number of influential members of the legal profession, who urged him to accept an appointment aa a judge of the Supreme Court, Mr Higinbotham, however, declined to reverse his former decision on the subject, which was definite, and wonld not be altered. An interesting story connected with stakes (says the A'ameoorte Herald) has been related to us. The gardener at Kybybelite, who sleeps in a email house Bitnated in the garden, heard a rustle toon alter he retired to rest the other night. He got up and found a snake in bis room, which he despatched. He fell into the arms of Morpheas once more, when he was again ruthlessly disturbed from biB slumbers. He immediately got up, and to his astonishment and great dread be discovered yet another ugly reptile, which he got rid of. This was too much for him, and he then hastened to the men's hut for assistance. Several fellow-workmen responded to the call, and they succeeded in killing two more snakes, and one escaped. This made a total of five for one night. The room was snake-haunted with a vengeance. 