Glendalough-St. Kevin and the Fair Kathleen. [FROM AN OCCASIONAL OOItRTifcTONDENT.] Bx that lake, whose bloomy «.Lore Skylark never warbles o'er, Where tho cliff hangs high and steel), Young Saint Kevin stole to sleep. So sings Thomas Mooro, and it is -with this lake and this saint, together with other matters moro or leB3 pertinent to them that the present letter is concerned. "But where," I fancy I hear my Australian readers ask, "is this gloomy lake, and who was Saint Kovin, and why did ho steal tc sleep, like a mountain brigand, in Borne inacees^ sible place away from the haunts of men ?" Tho lake, I reply, is Glendalough, and if yo« further ask, "but where is Glendalough?" inj answer is, that it is one of the most charming Bpots in the county of Wicklow-a county unsur passed in natural beauty by any othor in the United Kingdom. Pitiable, indeed, must he be who will find nothing to interest him at Glenda lough. To the lover of scenery, its charms are endless and irresistible, whether he seek lake, or mountain, or woodland. For the archaeologist thero are seven ruined churches and ono of the old Irish round towers, which aro a never-failing source of speculation to the wholo brotherhood. For the botanist, there are flowers and ferns in profusion ; for the lover of ancient legends, there is the story of Saint Kevin, of which I shall havo more to say auon ; for him whose delight it is to Bearch out tho characteristics of a country's peasantry, thero is, perhaps, tho richest field of all, and of this also, more anon; for him even whose BOUI soars no higher than a good dinner and an easy chair, thero is a passing good hotel. Must I add, in conclusion, that if any man takes pleasure in seeing ono bank of clouds roll up over the hills and lake, and descend with the most un mistakable goodwill upon the vales only to bo fol lowed by another, and that by another, I fear he may be gratified at Glendalough. Such, at any rate, has been my experience on the two occasions on which it has been my happy lot to visit the place. And yet, in spite of the reception which I met with from the clouds-and of all clouds, those which one meets with in Ire land are the most peculiar, not only in appearance (though in this respect they are totally unlike any to bo seen on this side of St. George's Channel), but also in their wetting properties-thero is no place at whioh I have spent so short a time, of which I have carried away more happy memories, br of which I shall have more pleasant recollec tions in the future. I know not whether I may be excused if I as sume that most of your readers know nothing of Glendalough, or of that immaculate but, somewhat stony-hearted saint, of whom I have already spoken in connection with it, who gives such a tragic interest to the place. If I do them an in justice, the remedy ÍB in their own hands-they can leave me unread. In other words,'I am going to say a few words about tho history of Glenda lough and tho legend of Saint Kevin. Tlw seven churches were probably built in tho aevonth century, but whether by tho holy man himself or by some other equally pious but moro obscuro individual, I know not ; nor is tho ques tion, to us at any rate, of the Brightest importance. IA city was built here-whether a city in Ireland conveys the samé meaning as in other countries I cannot say-abolit the same time, but it seems to have been put up, like nine pins, only to be knocked down again ; for the Danes made a prac tice for some time of overthrowing it as often as it was raised from tho ground. When they, in tlie course of events, gave up the game, a flocd swept it away ; and finally, in 1398, the English burnt it altogether. TheruinB of the churches, or of most of them, survive. Why they did not disappear with the city it is no part of my intention to inquire. . It is a pretty vale, this of Glendalough, with its Round Tower and ruined churches, and the stream flowing through it ; with the dark hills, made all the darker by the clouds aforesaid which roll over them, towering above. But tho grandest part of the whole is the lake. From it, on the one side, the oraigs rise, for the most part perpendicularly, above them being the bare and desolate mountain side, varied only with occasional clumps of heather; on the other is a thick wood of dark pine trees, which, while they give variety to thc scene, only add to its inexpressible gloom and solemnity. But thero is more than this, Nature herself seems to have cast a spell over tho lake, and to have banished from it all animal life, so weird is it even ?on a summer afternoon. Perhaps, after all, it is best to accept the'legendary account of thia deso lation in simple faith and pin one's belief on Saint Kovin. Will my readers follow me if I do so ? Whether our patron saint, then, founded the ancient city of Glendalough, or whether he merely lived hero the boly life of a hermit, I shall not stop to inquiro-it is of no greater interest to us than is the origin of the Round Tower. I shall only mention, in pasßing, that ho died on the 3rd of June, G18, at the patriarchal age of 120. The whole kernel of his life for us, that which to the lover of ancient lore is of moro value than a whole library of prosaic facts about him, is contained in the so-called " legend," which we, however, have agreed to accept without any sceptical thoughts, of Saint Kevin and the fair Kathleen. If Saint Kevin had founded Beven-and-twenty churches, and we do not know that he even founded seven ; if ho had made Iiis abiding place trebly celebrated as a seat of learning ; if his piety had been even greater than it was, if that were possible ; if he had done and been all these things and many more, the mention of his same would not have raised ono spark of interest in any human heart for many centuries past, and not one of the thou sands who have visited his immortal "bed" would ever have gone near it, had he not also thrown the fair Kathleen from it into the lake below. The circumstances of this apparently ungaBant act were as follows : The pious Kevin was not, any moro than moro erring mortals, suffered to pass through life with out temptation. The lovely Kathleen looked upon him and loved him, but Bhe loved in vain. The affection of the hermit was not for mortals, ar i or for anything earthly. " Suffer me," she said, " to look upon your shadow, to hear not even your voice, hut its echo, and I will lie like a dog at your feet, take penance for your sins, as well as my own, and even in prayer forget my o>vn soul for the good of yours." But Kevin was proof ag-inst her prayers, and would not grant uv en this. Still she would not leave him j she could uoi, she said, do so and live, and at leugth the saint fled. But it was all in vain. Wherever he went thither Bhe followed him; till at last, in an almost in accessible cave above the waters of Glenda lough, ho thought that he had found a safe hiding-place. But her love overcame all obstacles. She was not one to be baffled by rocky and precipitous paths, and when tho saint opened his oyes on the morning after he reached his cave, they met the gaze of tho lovoly eyes of Kathleen. Perhaps ho was too inexorable in his piety, and might have found some little room for pity, lie that as it may, if he felt any temptation to relax his austerity, he successfully resisted it. The closing scene must be given in better words than mine. Ali! your saints have cruel heart si Sternly from his bcd ho starts, And, with rude repulsive shock, Hurls her from the beetling rock. Glendalough, thy gloomy wuvo Soon was gentle Kathleen's grave ! Soon the saint (but ah I too late) Felt her love and mourned her fate. When ho said " Heaven rest her soul !' ' Hound the lake light music stolo, Aud her ghost was sein to glide, Smiling o'er the fatal tide. I might draw a moral, but 1 forbear. I venture lo think, however, that ho whom we have chosen for our patron saint for the time being only wantod this one lesson to make him a worthy object of our fealty. I will now, as it is possible tliat some of your readers may not readily accept his repentance without proof of its genuineness, give an instance of the change which Kathleen's fate wrought with in him, which has the further advantage of ex plaining-I need hardly say to my complete satis, faction-why tho song of tho skylark is no more to be heard over Glendalough. When the seven churches were being built, the workmen employed took an oath that they would-alas, the degenera tion of the present day !-" begin with tho lark and lie down with the lamb ." but the lark rose so carly iii this happy valley, that the workmen, one after another, died from overwork, and the softened saint, pained to see such IOBS of lifo, prayed that the'song of the lark might cease upon the lake, arid thus saved the lives of thoso who had not already given way. Such aro some of the reminiscences of Saint Kevin, and, to my mind, they tend moro to bring him Back to life, and to give an interest to the locality in which he lived, than any better authenti cated facts of the cut and dried sort, and to me, at any rate, it adds to the poetry of the scene, and deepens the impressions of its solemnity, to think of these old stories of the fair Kathleen, and tho larks never moro to warble over tho bosom of the lake.' So much for the past. From it has spuing a present of a very different kind. The bod of Saint Kevin, once invaded by the blue-eyed Kathleen not with impunity, is now entered unmolested by all the visitors to the spot. The place of Kathleen knows her; no .more, unless as I fain would bolievo, her ghost still floats "smiling o'er the fatal tide," but she is represented by a stout old lady, who adopts her name, and sits as though in mockery of Saint Kevin, through long summer days in tho bed which he so jealously guarded, ready tb welcome all visitors, with a strong Irish brogue and a help ing hand. And the latter is by no means super fluous. Well do I remember my last pilgrimage to the spot. Our party was large, and included several ladies. We rowed under the wall of rocks, looking np at the bleak hillside, till, some 20 feet above us, in the perpendicular rock, we saw the small cave in whicli the hermit took refuge.' The water beneath it is deep, and though the ascent may 'with care be easily made, the directions given by the "modern Kathleen" sensibly diminish the chances of a sudden descent into tho cold bluo lake. She, in her woollen stockings, skips about on the perpendicular surface of the bare rock, where there is riot footing for a goat, putting to shame the young men of the party, who even deign to let her place their feet in the way they should go, much to the amusement of the ladies in the boat, who have not ventured up to tho caye, though, as Kathleen assures us, more ladies than gentlemen undertake the climb. The cave is small, and it is impossible to stand upright in it. In fact,'to stay in it for any length of time would be enough to try even the temper of a saint, and it is to this that 1 am. inclined to attribute the momentary hastiness of Saint Kevin. With the help and advice of our old lady we once more arrived safely in the boat. As we rowed to the landing place, the clouds which had been gradually gathering in heavy masses over our heads, and on the hills which surrounded us, and which cast over the lake a gloom such as ono can fancy must have overshadowed it on the morning of Kathleen's death, began to fall, and completed the desolation of the scene. One more reminiscence of a visit to Saint Kevin's bed, and then we will leave him to his reposo, Not another paid by myself, but by perhaps the greatest who ever entered there-not even except ing the holy man himself-Sir Walter Scott. Lockhart tolls the story. "In spite of all re monstrances," he says, " he would make his way to it, crawling along the precipice. He succeeded and got in-the first lame man that ever tried it. After he was gone Mr. Plunkett told the female guide he was a poet. Kathleen treated this with indignation as a quiz of Mr. Attorney's. ' Poet !' said Bhe; ' the devil a bit of him-but an honour able gentlemen; he gave me half-a-crown.' " And now let St. Kevin take his rest : it was a long life that 120 years of Iiis, and it is time for us to leave him. But I cannot speak of Glendalough in the present without a reference to one of the most striking peculiarities of the place, and certainly the first to strike tho English tourist on Iiis arrival. I mean tho guides. I need not say much about them, for those who know what Irish guides are can picture them for themselves j and to those who do not, no words of mine can convey any impression, of their wonderful impudence tine eense of humour. The moment we alighted at tho hotol door wt were attacked by two old ladies who wantod us to buy some Irish gold. " Your honours can change it for raal English gould, but how cnn puir bodies like us do ut," and "long loife to tho young loddies,and arlhappiness,"with numberless other wishes for our future welfare, if we would buy their " gould" to remind us of '( ould Oireland," were poured out in the richest brogue, and nothing but a precipitate retreat into the hotel freed us from them. Looking out of the window wo saw the " guides" prowling about in all directions, most JÛÎ them old men in knee- brcecheB. One of them ..seemed to have marked us for his prey, and waited .jioar tho door to pounce upon us as soon as we .should como out. lt was some two hours before ,weniado a move, and then innocently thinking (that if wo -went out through the garden at tho back AVC should be unnoticed, we tried it. It was all in vain. Our guide and the two old women were upon us in a moment, and one oí tho latter presuming on our acquaintance of the morning, recommended tho old man to us with such warmth that we should have supposed him to bo her husband, had she not assured us she was a "puir widow." Ho, to do him justice, was not behindhand. As wo walked on he poured the history of G-londalough and Saint Kovin, and King Brion into our ears, and announced his unmistak able anxiety to show us all the spots of interest. It was in vain that wo told him we knew the placo and its history better than he did-he seemed not to hear us. Wo walked fast. All in vain-ho trotted on after us. Wo walked slowly-so did he. We told him we wanted to see the place in peace. He paid no attention, ho took no offence, but walked on. We tipped him, thinking that that, at any rate, would settle the question. But oven then, he did not leave us at once, and when at length ho let U3 go on without him, ho still shouted after us the history of King Brion, till at length his voice was drowned in the distance. May he, too, like Saint Kevin, rest in peace. Dublin, August 1,1879. 