GH0ST8. Bv XX {Who is also the author of the artistic pro&ue; turns with which the page is so richly em bellished*) § HOST stories and Christmas puddings have gone together ever Binoe they wereiirst introduced to each other, and that is a considerable time ago. They are in fact old cliummies and know all about each other's private business, and all the scandal and things, like two dear old ladies who have croned over the back fence to gossip for nine or ten years. A Christmas pudding would not be anytliing without its § hosts somehow, though why X am sure I on't know. Some people say there ain't any ghosts, but that's a—well, a mistake. There's heaps of kinds of ghosts, I oan tell you. My father used to say ho didn't believe m them, and that they were all bosli and nonsense s but then my father was a baker and used to look about their colour himself when lie was w tbe dough. My father was a Government baker, a civil ser vant, and he usod to bake bread up in a great big building in the country for a heap of other civ il servanta. My father was of a re tiring disposition too, and they built a wall aronnd the bakehouse, so that be would not be annoyed by imper tinent neonle when engaged at his business. He was also a great favorite, and the head of the department was 10 fond of him that be tied a thirty-two pound cannon shot to hia leg in case lie should want to give notioe to quit. Ignorant people might suppose that t here are no ghosts, bat that's nonsense. I know heaps of people who daren't, for the life of them, go past certain pltcea in town becauao there are ghosts there; and whenever they are obliged to visit the afflicted locality they take the other aide for it, and advance with celerity. My dear old mother—bless her old gams t —used to tell as suoh yarns about the ghosts in the old country, and tell them with such feeling, too, that it was as good as a play to listen to her. The ghosts generally appeared at the oorrect time, and with the appropriate appendages, usually came in an exceedingly quiet and respectful style to lienld the ap proaching end of some relative or another. Those kind of spirits, however, have givou o« belt Bow. They Wtiow we are too solid at this period of the world to stand Bhadders of any sort, and so they have turned it down andgone alone, and goteuclired. Well, we're just as well off without them. Bnt tliey haven't left the plaoa for good and all. They tarn up in the ehapeof "manifestations. ?ou can langh if you like, but 1 know it's so because 1 saw Dr. blade do it, and do it to order too. Wasn't I in the room and saw the men—I beg pardon, the woman—do it him-berself ? And, more than that, I have had rappings at my house, and heard them myself. It was last May, I had not paid the rent for about six weeks, that I first was made aware pf a series of manifestations which, after a time, became exceedingly alarming. The manifestations consisted of a cumber of raps about the door of the house apparently on the ontside. Being of a somewhat soep tio&l; nature, I was atfirst somewhat pox tied to account for the phenomenon. At last I thought that the animal magnetism within ! me might be sufficiently dry to establish ' communication with the unseen rappers, and, altogether, I had no desire to be placed in I immediate contact with them, still I thought I would try. Acoordingly, one night 1 sat alone in the front room with the gas turned down, and soon heard a rapping, which, after a few seconds, beoame very violent. It was evi dently a powerful spirit, and at first I was a little afraid of it. Mustering up courage, however, 1 said to vacancy: "Can it oe possible that this is the magnetio portion of a gaseous creditor I" 1 was immediately aroused by a thundering rap. Astonished at such an oceular demonstration of the spitits' views, 1 sat sat speechless for a few | moments, when.I again addressed myself to I space: " Is it line gaseous oompound of but | one alone t" All was silent. " Is all my I tick gone t " 11 Halted. There vu (uch a deafening rapping at the front door and the window at tbi* that I feared the remits and rushed from the room. Feeling convinced that, if I could bnt obtain a me dium wherewith to hold convargo with the spiritt, some peculiar results might be obtained, I aooordingly in. duced a poor soft little chap that I knew to trv the experiment I intused a little spiriU to give him a a tart, and afterwards a considerable portion more. It acted on him in the most crratic manner. It bumped him about and made him declare that he was afraid of naogbt. Having heard that furniture is sometimes moved by this influence 1 tried the experiment, and close upon midnight •aw with delight a truck oome to the back gate and all my^fumiture arise as it were and get upon it. 1 w*«*o delighted with Uiitex* traordinary spectaelc that I felt hound iu the interest of ecieuce to facilitate the move ments of the articles alluded to, and was re* warded by seeing them safely carried to another house two streets away ! The rappiupa beiui' exceedingly violent at tlic front door, 1 in duced uiy medium in qoestiouthcra whiUt I Jookcii through the window at the side. Cautiously moving the blind ever bo little, to my horror 1 »aw a tall shadowy mysterious denizen of tlic oilier world make a mad spring at the knocker of roy door and rap furiously for about five nHuuttis, 1 con feae I WU6 a little bit afraid at lirst, but finally screwed un mr couratre to its highest pitch aud tremblingly asked vim its bufiinesB was. There was fcueli a terrible row outside at this, and tlie figure assumed such a threatening attitude that, Oiled with a&amelless; horror, 3 rushed from the house and into the street. When in the air I breathed somewhat freely and ventured to look at the front of the house. There were two there. One deliberately danced a kind of devilish demon dance before tbe door for a fe«r minutes, and then forced it opes and took possession of the premiseB, 1 fled. I have bldcc often noticed the spirit lurking abont the neigh bourhood of the County Court, with lie pockets stuffed lull of blue papers, but, fearing that it was Hie medium of some Process, I gave it a wide berth. These experiences, which I have related, 1 are as they happened to me, and I for the Grot time have divulged them, for I feel that the Mp8teriotu is ever the subject of ridicule I amongst the ignorant. Bat who is there I shall Bay the Age of Apparitions is past ? I and the Christmas ghost is gone for ever f 1 We know better, especially on Saturday afternoons, when our cashier bawls up the spout that he is "Ready now, gentlemen," and the ghost begins to walk in a way that is manifest to as alL 