ceinesE' iv «avs saiNcisco. ... I-.? -j.:,v tftbmtkt White ConqnMt) -Not far from Lock Sin's tea* house stands a big emxx, first used u the Globe Hotel ; a home four '''?fiireyiTiigh above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. ? -Incluuing vaultz and attics there may be sixty rooms In alL Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let Jo'KjjfBi'Tut, a rich Chinese, who re-lets his apart ments'* to Chinese residents of the better class — to .shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tut . . takei can to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rag-picker, a night-prowier cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his door. Tan and other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling «r fighting is allowed within the house. So far as order can be made by rules, order w said to reign ?.'among Lee 8i Tut's tenants, and the Globe Hotel in 'JejdDKm^stnet*may be regarded as' the royal khan and summer palace of the Chinese in America. 'fPaja in. Oh, Lee Si Tut I A Biokening odor greeta your nostrUi on the stops. A reek oomea out ,of every. door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing 'itage. The dust of years encrusts hiB window panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel under Lee Si Tut^ » TojJdib or a Spanish prison is a decent place. The bsnnujjgrs Idripi the passages sweat ' A' black and firtid IBJM/'runs down the walla.' And then what press tap multjhide of .tenants on the stairs and in tbe rams! .'Men swarm at every dobr,aod crowd down Jprv stage ;eaoh pale and melancholy wretch vomW&lis; naraotia poison in your face.- A name lesi.borror.jtemB to brood in every corner of the liouieSpr out of .every corner glare Hie spectral eyes of brag* fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs. BsUi room, arranged for the accommodation of a aingttknet&ts; either parted into six or.'seveo sections by a Vw£§ ^f tnato, or shelved in tiers all round the psyfoV&iivacy; ; and a room that will only sleep six or seveVK|eotionB may be got to sleep :a dozen on sbelves?*3»kin vault. to attic, each room is foul with smoke, analSlttSE with' dirt and choked with men. No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find ft lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise. Booms crowded and unwholesome I have Men before— at .» feast in Einsiedeln, a mad-house in Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the ITile4-but nowhere /have I seentaiman creatures packed and 'brushed aB 'those tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his louse,, lie says, to eight hundred tenants; which would give him,'in a house of sixty roomB,' including -.cellars and lofta, thirteen tenants to each chamber ; hut the'rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half his rent, oy subletting tneir sneives to men wno occupy them 4alf the ^Say. ' Enquiry shows me that thw jatorv cfeanb-letting and dividing the room is strictly t».;«l. E Wgok lets his ehefi to Li Ho ; Wgok sajitinf hiB shelf for twelve hours, and giving it np to Tu Ho for the other twelve tours. In lomi rooms three sets of. lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty four hours— eight honrs a-piece. ? Yet those who live in this hotel are in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts and styes, yards and entrieB, lying round-BarUett Alley. Here some of the first white aetUers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The -ground IB undrained. The log shanties were run up hastily and cheaply; and in these fever-haunted novels, rotten with ,age, putrid with fflth, over-nm with :vermin, the masBes of Mongolians make their horned They creep into vaults, they climb into caves, they burrow' in the earth. In holes, unfit for dogs, you. .may discover ten or twelve wasted creatureB aprawlihg on shelves, scaring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium-dreamer's para disaSjsj.-- - - 'lC5*6j»e'stfll,if.in the 'lowest depth' there can be a ' deeper fltfll,' is the thieves* quarter ; a district \- maning 'in and out of more respectable quarters, with a rare indifference aa to social fonnB. In the thieves' quarter it it well to have a guide and escort, -?forjhe Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at night All round Bardett's Alley lie the thieveB' yards and cribbB ; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kemjeb,; with afew»pikes of Joss-wood burning at «vgj?'dobr. Bags rot- on the grouno*andlgarbage opuons the air. Blush' equirte at you from under t every plank, and where the planks fail you, the \ earth appears nothing but a running sore. Hag -' shopi anoV.iwsiving-houBeB hid in old pits and hollows nsder'tue plank Boors. In oil tnese damp and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the fllthj^tfieir pale andghastly faces rendered visible Jnrthe Sicker of a reeking lamp. JjpSnu&Jurks; -in every Mongul eye, and desperation a«5f».fr-!m every Mongol face.*. In passing from Tiriio'yard'ybucatel the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel 'by instinct that every ruffian standing behind these planks, alanne& by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead or the night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike, or rifle poised to fire. 'Open the door!' cries our guide in a peremp tory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin ; 'open 'ToifooleeJns'P Ton foolee t ' HN6^o:./XJpeh\tlie^loor.' ... . The vbice'is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib ; a cupboard as to sise, but occupied by-five or six men .and women. Hnps-of stolen goods are on the floor; hut neither blade nor gun is visible. At another cribwe are re ?p&lsea.; To the enguiry, 'Howp Toil foolee me ?' We answer as before, ' No, no ; ' but instead of fleeing the door^pen, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside.*^ 'Go-'yotf'potSooIee me!' cries a voice 'accom- panied by the £h*ck of s rifle. * -'Dip and slide,' whispers our companion; and mintnntly dip and slide. . \- In Stout's Alley, and in the yards around- this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers — the female slaves. ' Let us get into the open streets ! 'You have now seen a 'little of pur Chinese quarter,' says my companion, aj we enter Lock Sin's teapipuse' about two o'clock, and order a refreshing ^HTiat you hive seen in San Tranctnb you'may seeAn'Saa-anffinto, Stockton, San Jose, and other £-wns. Wherever John planta his foot he buildB a Vbllia. IPown, and peoples it with harlots, criminalB, and duves. We get some very cheap labour, 'and our financiers say they need cheap labour ' to develop the country.' What think you of the prioe we have tobay.for our development P.' - ' ? , i*. '. ^?Wnlle we are sipping toa on Lock 8in'B holoony, a yell'-oomes up from the stftet- below. A Chinese, fight jj^n. Ah King, a Chinese scamp, employed by the .jjity officers, and, in the dang- of Asiatic pojuurvmen, such a spy iB called a ghost Of b}to this ghost has been too bm$ hi» celestiaToounfijT jnen think, even for a paid 'spy'! .luid two, Asiatics, *rho have'just come out of jail, are setting on Urn, oneinoon-fEoe with a knife. From every door in the «Ereet -awarmB out a crowd, and in an instant fifty -Chinese lanterns heave and drop .along the flags. *-Xxoue me ! ' says my escort,' »nd before I can jeply, he is gone fromioiy^ide. FSing vanishes— ijUMthom.. Moon-fawl(^Baae natchet eBcapes, just ?SSBBMOrtwtooni into raeWmiderouB circle; but thtWlDW with the knife is^arres ted on the spot ancremBd to &e; cityafrd.* Hi', weapon, vnen eWmJimprovM - *e yiffigtladejaheathed in a liver ot®i cloth, »oth»t,.in cMorf i fatal plunge, SaK% once Amoved, and the ?tiB^pl|»0!5^Ssaer the rtlte .nwfk.as elav^a^oaen^Umpnearance as' the soffeyed JL^fjrmpiid^plwgedalilinto hiB neighbour'* The post office «t Kertoli,- Hnssia, is managed in a queer way. The ijK»tman-$l3»ged; with delivering letxen cannot ,;«aaT-but.lmanspf|o get theBussian letters' to their destination in safety by some myste rioos praoess. Letters addressed in any other language than Russian' he shows at the request of 'V VUK^^Sffi^Si'!m'Bt of a BmaU fee' 'eIert* fe.' 01n ^Sl^ he IUtc': TheTtI.'e neither Cheques, 6rU&^BOT'*money-orderB. ; -Wh'cn a man w^hts io sent milmio Odeesa,- he^it* the coins in tnadiressed1 envelope, the postmaster bountK then, iKD Ihe eDvaoper:#vm a reo«ipt,-juid«ien the Benrjinunit is ivjponsible-T*i it i» not in other SSntries. The English Consul nt Kertchhas sent KjQOO dols.itau* in the button yean, betidei.roooiv WjJfTB6 «nm», ?ndhssneverjpt* copeck. ;i ??,,.? 