A MU S EMEN TS. VICTORIA THEATRE. Afiss Dargox's Benefit. It is given to few actresses to receive such an enthusiastic welcome as Aliss Dargon received at the Victoria Theatre last night ; and, it may be added, that still fewer could have deserved it half so well. Aliss Dargon achieved her first great success in Sydney, in the character of Queen Elizabeth, and it will lie by this marvellous impersonation that her memory will lie most warmly treasured by Sydney playgoers. So much has been said nnd written about Miss Dargon's portraiture of the " Virgin Queen," that it only remains lo add that it will rank, and deserves lo rank, as one of the most realistic original per formances ever witnessed on the Sydney stage. Last night the cast was wonderfully strong, in cluding us it did Air. Emery as Lord Burleigh, and Mr. Barllelt as Lord Bacon. The olhereluunclers were duly sustained by the company, the following being the cast: — Lady. Howard, Miss Tanner ; Lady Burleigh, Aliss Merlon ; Abiria Landrum, Miss Mayor ; Essex, Air. Jordan : King James VL, Mr. ihii'nford ; Alemloza, Air. Poole ; and Drake, Air. Klliolt. At the conclusion of the fifth act of Queen Elizabeth, Air. D. O'Connor, M.l'., on behalf of the committee, presented Ahss Dargon with a valuable gold necklet and locket set with dia monds and emeralds and a purse of sove reigns, accompanied willi the following address "To Miss Augusta Dargon. Deal- Aliss Dargon, — We, tlic undersigned members of the commiLtee appointed to give you a special benefit and testi monial beg, on our own behalf, and on that of tin: ii imi uiii/.i'ii.i ui DytiuiH, iu win in it .m- miration of your dramatic ability, as well as csleuni Tor your personal characler. II is lo us a source of honourable pride to find in you a counlry- womnn who lias, by her genius, her versatility, ami powerful impersonal ion of sonic of the most. dilli.mil. churuoler.s in dramatic lilcralurc, done honour and credit lo old Ireland. In praying you to accept this necklet, locket, anil puree of sove reigns, we do noL appraise Ibis testimonial for its inlriu-ic value, hut because we feci it will serve hereafter ns a souvenir lovoii of tlic genu in.: friends you have made in Sydney, ami who pride them selves on being sons of deal- old Erin. Wo have llie honour to be, deal- Afiss Dargon, your faithful countrymen pat-rick m-mahon .1.1'., Chuii-muu ; John T. Toohkv, Treasurer; Daniel O'Connor, ALP., James AL Toohky, Honorary Secretaries." In making the |ircsentulion, Air. O'Connor ex pressed his pleasure in making his first, appear ance on tlic stage iu a character which ho played with Ids whole heart. It laid been said by a great. French statesman that language was given lo conceal thought, but lie refused to lie tramelled by sneb a maxim as this on an occasion when lie was asked In express a nation's pride, nnd his soul's admiraiioii of such a trauscemhmt genius us their distinguished country woman, Aliss Durgqu. A writer in the Press had reproached Aliss Dargon with a brogue, hut ho might remind that gentleman that hers was the brogue of two of llie greatest orators whom the English House of Commons hail ever possessed — Edmund Bui-ko and Henry Grattun — to whose brilliant eloquence the most distinguished statesmen of 1 he day had listened with breathless silence. Hers was the brogue or the brightest ornaments of the English stage, of Catherine Haves, of G. V. Brooke, of Sullivan, of Nesbitt, and O'Neil. And at a time when the stales of Europe were trembling in tiie balance, it was a soldier who spoke the brogue — the groat Duke of Wellington — who won on (lie 1 8th of June, 1815, the glorious lialtle of Waterloo. And in their own times Sir Garnet AVolscley must have spoken the brogue, or may be a little Irish, when in two months lie accomplished a victory over C'etewayo, which others had vainly attempted in two years. It bad been the custom ol eastern Kings io rase wun inciii, on ineir war like expeditions, a band of musicians to sing their national songs when tliey were in danger of forget ting their native laud; and although the sons of Erin were too poor lo lie accompanied by their min strels, tliey cai'ried with tliem their brogue to remind Ilium of (lie deal- old country they laid left behind. He felt that nil honour was heing done to Ireland, in making this recognition of the supreme his trionic talents of their gifted countrywoman. Aliss Dargon, who was evidently deeply affected, warmly thanked the subscribers for the beautiful testimonial they had jircsnutcd to her, although she l'elt it was due rattier to their generosity than any poor merits of hers. She admitted she had a little b ruga a, and she was proud of it, as she was of tiie dear old country which bad given her bit-lb. She could assure tliem she would never eoase to cherish it, nor to remember their warm hearts and generous hands. Aliss Dargon, who was most warmly received tlirougliohl the evening by one of the most densely crowded houses ever seen at llio Victoria, nnd received a perfect ovation of bouquets, then recited, in her own inimitable manner, " A man's a man for a' that-," and " Fontcnoy." ARtcli of the credit due for tlic successful carrying out of llio benefit is duo to Mr. D. O'Connor, ALP., and Air. Tooliey. The concert given by the Curandini Company, last night, at llie Protestant. Hall, was in every respect a musical success. Madame Carandiui delighted the audience by ihe pathetic maimer in which she 'sang " Auld Robin Gray," and she also sang Barker's pretty ballad, "Tiie Emigrant," with great effect. Afiss AInric Onraiidini gave "Cherry Ripe," .-and Miss St. Clair contributed two good numbers " Noil pin Arestn," and " Golden Days." Air. Good i sang " AVill-o'-tlie-AVisji," and .Signor Ortori's violin solos were as usual a feature of the entertainment, and the part singing by the company was woi-tliy of high commendation. A fresh programme will lie given this evening. The popularity of Hie Williamson's in Struck Oil and the Chinese Question continues. Both pieces were successfully given last night, and will be repealed until further notice. At the Queen's Theatre last evening Afcssrs. Raker ami F.-in-on again appeared in llie piny of llie Governor. The performance concluded with llie series of New Zealand songs and dances given liy the troupe of Alaories, which was brought here by Captain Ferris The scientific entertainment by Professor Pepper at the School of Arts last evening consisted of the illustration of the story of Fisher's Ghost, the Artist's Dream, and oilier manifestations of the principle of Aretcmpsyclibsis. The Oxy hydrogen Atieroscope wits also used, and altogether Llie evening passed most pleasantly away. The Kroliquce repealed their pleasant enlcrini 11- ment yesterday evening, and succeeded in keeping .their audience well amused. To-night the. clever Yaidi sisters, whose acrobatic performalices have been one. of' tlic chief attractions, since .the com pany ojieiied, will take their benefit. A special programme, including several novelties, 1ms been arranged for the occasion. Burton's Circus continues to bo a great source of attraction, the programmo given during the pre sent week being one of their best. St. George and the dragon is an excellent equestrian programme, and always takes well with the audience. A telogram from Auckland, in yesterday's Sijtliinj Daily Telegraph, mentioned that Clunrini's circus would not 'como on to New -Mouth Wales for llie present. ALv .Wilson, the advance agent of tlic circus, who lias been m bvdncv tor some lime past, accordingly leaves for New Zealand by the s.s. llolomuhauu vo-dav. Jhc American billiard handicap was continued veslerdav, when Perkins (275) boat Fitzpulrick (320) by u poinls ; Dean (320) beat Cook, scratch, bv 2(i l ; Kilkeniiv (150) boat James (250) by 76: and Lazar (300) beat Uyruo (250) by 100. 