Original Article. : CONVEESION AND REGENERATION1. A definition of the difference between Conversion and Regenera* tion has got abroad in the Church which we cannot but think very unsatisfactory and misleading, although backed by the authority of a great name. Mr. Cecil it is, we believe, who states it as follows : — ' Regeneration and conversion may he distinguished from each other, though they cannot be separated; they may be distinguished, as a man's being disposed to go in a certain road and his actually going in that road may he distinguished, for regenerationis God disposing the heart £/(/ .ZJ, W/GOOW , [/[Vu \J\f I Visit I UHl/IV C/U VI W Ml/Uliwi' v i» i iv V''£J VJ wv ?*/*. *~» ** »*»° w« — ™» Now, this definition, by appearing to regard regeneration and conver sion as only different steps or phases of the same essential process as things that can be distinguished only, but not separated — does really, we submit, ' confuse things that differ' by a whole heaven, and have been not only metaphysically but historically separated from one another by thousands of years. We will, therefore, under the light of Holy Scripture and the teaching of the Catholic Church, endeavour to explain wherein the difference between regeneration and conversion consists ; or, rather, between conversion and regenera tion, for we prefer to speak of them in this order. Both are God's acts ; but conversion, understanding by it the simple turning oi the heart to God in the way of repentance and faith, belongs to all dis pensations alike — the patriarchal, the Jewish, and the Christian ; whereas regeneration is peculiarly and distinctively Christian ; hence, ' He that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than John the Baptist.' Whatever work of grace God has ever sought to per form in man, the conversion of the heart to Himself by repentance and faith has ever been an indispensable prerequisite ; but whereas under the patriarchal and Jewish dispensations God has_ merely sought to reform and perfect man in his natural condition as standing under the headship of the first Adam, under the Christian dispensation He has afar higher object in view, and that is to re-create, to rebuild, and to reconstitute man in body, soul, and spirit, upon the model of Christ, who, in rising from the dead, has been declared to be the Son of God with power, the Root and Origin of the new creation, the second Adam, the quickening Spirit, and who, by the Holy Ghost, com municates the spirit of ,His resurrection-life to all who come to Him as the new Head of humanity. Eegeneration, then, is the implant ing of this new or resurrection-life of Christ, by which we receive a new spiritual constitution in union with Him, just as we derive our natural being from the first Adam. Hence it is written—' As many as received Him, to them gave He power to become sons of God, even to them that believe on His name : Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God (John i. 12, 13). ' Except a man be born again, he cannot see,' and ' can not enter' ' the kingdom of God.' ' That which is born of the flesh is nesn ; ana tnau wnicn is uvno uj vac k-j**iw » »f'- v ? — iii 3 6) ' If any man be in Christ Jesus he is a new creature (creation)' (2 Cor. v. 17). To know ' the exceeding greatness of His power to us- ward who believe, according to the working of His imghty power, which He wrought in Christ when He raised Him from tlw dead, and set Him at His own right hand in the heavenly places' (Eph. i. 19, 20). ' Even when we were dead in sins, God hath quickened us together with Christ (by grace ye are saved), and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus' (Eph, ii, 5, 6). ' Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body' (2 Cor. iv. 10). ' That I may know Christ and the power of His resurrection' (Phil. xi. 10). ' Begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Christ from the dead' (1 Peter i. 3). ' Baptism doth also now save us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good con science towards God) uy the resurrection of Jesus Christ' (1 Peter lil. 21). 'Therefore are we buried with Him by baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the. glory of the Father, even we also should walk in, newness of life' (Rom. v.i. i). 'Buried with Christ in baptism, wherein also. ye are risen with Him through faith in the operation of God, who hath raised Him from the dead' (Col. ii. 12). . ?? '??:- . -- ?-?' ??'V ; ?:/:?.'? The regeneration thus bestowed unon the believer by. union and incorporation with the risen Christ is, howcver,-indts beginnings,- like a seed sown in the human spirit, which, as the process of re-creation is evolved, shall ultimately burst; forth into manifestation 'in the resur rection of the body itself in glory at the coming of the Lord, for- we read not only of the 'washing of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Ghost, ' but of that ' day of regeneration,'^?1 excellence^ 'when Christ, who is our life, shall appear, and we also shall appear with Him in glory.' For regeneration, as it is first implanted in- us, is just the resurrection of the spirit, and resurrection is the regenera tion of the body. ' If the spirit of Him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, He that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by His Spirit that dwelleth in you.' Now, it may occur to some as an objection to the distinction we have claimed for regeneration of being peculiarly and exclusively a New Testament mystery, that we read in the Old Testament oi' a 'change of heart' on the one hand, whilst on the other 'we are distinctly informed by our Lord Himself that the resurrection' will be extended to all mankind, when He says — ' The hour is coming in which all that are in the graves shall hear the voice of the Son of Man, and shall come forth, they that have done good unto the resur rection of life, and they that have done evil unto., the resurrection of damnation.' As for the first point of this objection, it is doubtless, true that we read of a change of heart (Under the, Old Testament .dis pensation — e.g., David prays, in. Ps. li. ,1,0 — Create m, me, a .clean heart, 0 God; and renew a right _spirit_withi'n me;' and in Ezek xi. 19, we read— 'I will put a new spirit within you, and I will take away the stony heart out of their llesh, and will give them an heart of flesh.' Now, in; the fullest sense of these passages, we have no doubt that they are anticipatory and prophetic, as their whole con text; shows, of .things then future, and which are either now .being ! realised in the Church, or are hereafter yet to be fulfilled ; but in so far ? as they have reference .tothe.then existing dispensation, we believe ! they refer tb that merely moral change, or amendmeritof life, by which ; the Almighty in former ages sought to perfect men in their natural con dition, as standing under the headship of Adam, but which is not to be confused with the regeneration of the Gospel dispensation, the new creation in Christ Jesus, the second Adam, the quickening Spirit, which could not be vouchsafed to mankind until His. resur- rection from the dead had become the very type and source of it. No doubt the. Spirit that strove with mankind in former ages, as also the Spirit that inspired the ancient prophets, was the 'Spirit, of Christ;' but the gift of regeneration as now vouchsafed is, we believe, as a fresh draught from the Fountain Head of life, differing riot only in degree, but in kind, from anything that has yet gone before it; so that we are thereby actually ' made partakers of the divine nature' as an abiding indwelling, and as part and parcel of a new- spiritual constitution re-created in Christ Jesus, and are not merely the subjects of the temporary visitation of the Holy Spirit, as under former dispensations. Then, in regard to the other point of'the objection — viz,, that resurrection 'is ' the 'heritage of all mankind. No doubt the Son of God in assuming our nature at the -incarnation has in some sense made Himself one with the nature of all men, so that, in consequence of His resurrection, all must eventually rise also ; but neither is this to be confused with that ' resurrection in glory at the coming of the Lord,' called in Scripture 'the first resurrection,' which is the special calling of- the Church, the body and bride of Christ, and of which we, her members, have already received an earnest and pledge in the resurrection or regeneration of our spirits ; for whereas the resurrection of natural men will be to an earthly inheritance, the resurrection of regenerate men will be to a heavenly inheritance ; and, in- the words, of- our Lord which we quoted at the outset, ' He that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than John the Baptist,' than whom no greater prophet had at that time arisen. - ?? ? - X. 