®ljt Mittal llcbis. 'iltUTH. WEDNESDAY, MAY 21, 1879. jw' .The Argus is again raising its ghost: "" tho violont animosity against capital ..... —finding an opportunity for its re appearance in the reference made to Service's speech, in which ho spolco at ■ , somo length upon the unfortuuato re [., lations between capital and labor in this ,.; colony, l’ho Argus affirms that there y i. is a bolief which finds favor that it is ■i desirable to tax capital in a vindictive and hostile spirit, knowing at the • samo time that it is not the capital per se which the people, and wo maintain the .right thinking portion of the peoplo of i this colony, desire to tax. No! It is the capital locked up in tho immonso and unproductive areas of the richest land • ■' • in the colony that they desiro to justly l,: tax ; land which, -whilo it is annually improving in valuo witliout an effort ■' on tho part of tho proprietors, would '^'support many hundreds of thousands, of families, and now scarcely supports ,as many .cattle.; To. tax, and hoavily i -; fiitaXjiownorS’ of'largoiaroaB of ricli but unproductive land should1 become one i'-«« of ! tho: first laws of nations and *• colonies alike. Thel/Hyas to suitdts purpose quotes a few sentences from 'JAdain Smith’, commencing just a fow .paragraphs ncaror thojend of the argu ment than wo should do wero wo .j ,,,, desiring to discuss tlio matter fairly. Tho ; Argils eommontes with—1 Tho .proprietor of capital," -.says that f author, “ is properly; a citizen of the i... -world, and is not necessarily attached i, .’into,, any particular country. Ho null \- ■ ■; be apt to abandon tho country in which he is exposed to avoxatious inquisition or assessed bv a burdensome tax, and ■ will rornovo liis capital to somo othor country whero ho can uso his fortuno . more at his ease. By removing his “ : capital ho puts an end to all tho industry which it had maintained in tho. country which ho left. Capital cultivates land, capital omploys labour. A tax which tends to drivo away • capital from any particular country ,!.... tends to dry up every source of revo .;; .nue.i Not only the profits of labour 1 but tho rent; of land and tho wages of labour will nccossarily bo moro or • doss' diminished by its removal.” ‘ At tho opening of tho pago from which the above quotation is takon tho author ' 'wisely says:—“Thorc are, however, ' two different circumstances which ren J dcr the interest of money a much less proper subject of direct taxation than the rent of land. Hirst tho quantity ... and value of tho land which any man .•. . possesses can never be a secret and ■ ;cari always bo ascertained with great 1: exactness, but the whole amount of tho capital which ho possesses is almost always a secret, and can scarce ever be \ . ascertained with tolerablo exactness.” Id After referring to tho inadvisability . and insupportability of an inquisition • '.-•; into every man’s private circumstances, which must bo variablo as tlio wind, to •nccommodato tho tax to them, the author only two sontonces above those h. ’quoted by the Argus, says:—“ Se ''.ihqndlyi land is a subject which cannot l be. removed; capital easily may. The spropriotor of the land is necessarily a . -•• citizen of tho" particular country in " which his ostato lies.” Now, if the .'reader will.appond to this tho quota 1 ’ tioia first .abovo given ho will see ..j how nicely the Argus accommodates itself by quoting merely that portion ■i, , of .:an argument which sorves its own end, knowing full well that tlioro are .but few of its readers who are suf t ' ficeiitly. acquainted with tho. works of ■ ■'! Adam Smith to r omombor tho argumont complete. Wo do not know at this 'moment that wo should have takon the ~{, trouble to arguo tho question, but that ,.j t]ze, Argus naively introduces into , its article, that which is roally foreign h i to tho subject under discussion, but u"-what ;in roality is tho real griev ance and origin of its aspiration '''"It'says—" There will bo an end to tho proposal to go behind tho Crown Grant and oust peoplo from their in i'^ vestments by moans of tho bursting up process.” Tliero is not an intolli , ,gent, man in tho colony who wishos to l l, tax/: capital that cultivates land or employs labour. No ono dreams of J l suclia eburso. It is tho capitalist, who _has. liis capital inoxtensivo and rich areas of our estate, who doos not culti vate;- and who doos not omploy labor, fi .that1 wo must tax. Theso aro tho ' drones of tho colony; and being of ‘neither uso nor ornament should, and must be made of sorvico to tho State ill spite of tliomselvos 