VAIN BOMBAST. ' In the ferocious, letter of Priest Berming- ham, which we published in last issue, there are two or three things stated, with the bombast of a vain talker, which fall , for a little notice at our hands, . The first is as folio ws,:--", Catholics are as certain they . possess, , the truth in its unity . and integrity as that they live and move and think." The .sentence is; loud, enough— it is positive enpugh-it is issuming. enough but just- in -'proportion.; as;.it ijisj0loud .and assertive it awakes .suspicion,, and.compels , us.to'beUeye that there is falsehopdj Cn- . cealedfin it. ' t , ' _ . iTr.iithwwi dts,fuhityf'.-,\yh&t;<, a, high -sounding .expression, .meaning' rnothingd for,, what is truth,, in. its truth',' in its , /.integrity. :"Aban6thei;'Jhigh sounding 'expression, , meaning nothing.,: -for if trutli fbe(Jtruth, it must .be:, truth in,.its integrity And, ... then,. I .Catholics; areata r certain .that' they possess this truth, in, its ; unity ; and in tegrity, ., as that, they live , and ( 'mbye &aA;%hi,nk so it may ..-.faiebut, that ,may. ; be, '.owing -to the /fact, .that, they.,, are , 'deficient -in, such certainty— -at least abqut the, jCer.taintiy that they., think, Dr. " Ber mingham seems fairly -ito presume that they do doubt it ! , , . <Ut course, it is .. easy . to ., understand what the Priest is wanting to say - with this great mouthful of words and -sound. He wants to say that. Catholics are'.justjRS sure that their Popery is the truth of "God, the religion, of Christ, the religion of, '.the Apostles and of the primitive Church as that they are living ; and that, there fore, because they are ihits sure, they, are not disturbed by the winds of doctrine which toss about others. We say deliberately that the whole statement is a . falsehood, and that Dr. Bermingham hiows that it is a falsehood. What 1 Catholics as certain that they have the'truth as that they are living ! No : impossible. To prove this, it is only necessary to refer to Dr.. Bermingham's letter. He never needs to tell his faithful sheep to be quite sure that they are living. They know this without his telling them. If. they doubted' it, he would get them ready for Tarban Creek, and put them into strait jackets y but he does tell them to be quite sure that they have the truth, because the Catholic Church is the " true Church !" Dr. Bermingham never needs .to warn his people. against the sin and folly of doubting that 'tliey' are living; but he does need to warn them, and he warns them at every mass, against the sin and folly of doubting that the Roman Church is the true Church ! , Dr. Ber- ; riiingham never needs to write letters to make bis people happy in the conscious ness that they live ; for they know this without his letters ; but lie. does feel it necessary, especially after the, labours of Pastor Chiniquy, to write letters to rouse his people to gratitude and joy because they are certain that they possess the truth, in its unity and integrity !" Why this singular difference in. the action of Priest Bermingham, if Catholics' are as certain of the one thing as they are of the other? i When Dr. Bermingham takes the same pains to assure his.floclc that they live, to preserve them from .doubts about their moving and thinking, which he has taken to assure them that they have the " undisturbed possession of the deposit of faith," and the " truth in its unity and integrity," and to guard them from doubts because, of the labours of Chiniquy — we shall/believe his bombast about' Catholics being "certain " about their Popery. But let us see what can be seen about this " certainty of Catholics." ; We shall take for your example Dr. Bermingham .himself, -.fie he, certain about, his /Popery ? Is he certain about any one .distinguishing point in it? Js.he as certain about; it; as " truth in its unity and integrity,", as he is that he livos and moves and thinks ? If so, we pity, him but we tell him to his face that he is not and cannot possibly be unless by some perpetual miracle. / y For example, " Apostolical succession " is a - great part of the "deposit " of " Catholic faith." Well, does 'Dr.5 Ber mingham hioio—ia he as certain about it as he is that he lives — who were Peter's immediate successors ? Suppose that Peter was the first link of the chain, is Div Bermingham quite certain about the second and third links? If lie is,'«it is more than' anybody else is ; for -neither bishops nor popes, nor fathers1 cam ' tell, because the lists that have come down to us distinctly contradict eacli other ! And then, besides, some of the links that are farther down are evidently mere names to fill up the gaps, as nothing whatever is known of them ! But, more important still, in '-the Dark Ages, especially from the ninth to the fourteenth century, when Popes were, as Popish historians admit, apostatical instead of apostolical ; when sth(3y:were murderers, drunkards, per jurers, heretics, adulterers, fornicators — making their palace a stew — having their courtezans in the highest honour and power — marrying their bastard sons and daughters with the .spoils of the ' Church to the great ones of the land — and living and dying like the beasts that perish 3 and when rival popes fought with each other like warrior kings, cursing each other with all the curses which Satanic malice could invent, causing the streets of Borne to run with blood, and devastating the country round and sacking churches by their soldier mobs : — when all this was going on, what became of the '"apostolical succession?" When two or three rival popes were claiming to have it, were cursing each other for the impiety of ' assuming it, were ordaining bishops that ' were denounced by each other as apostates and simonists, and those bishops were ordaining priests who were anathematizing each other as thieves and robbers, what became of. the apostolical succession, and " what became of the sacraments which ' those anathematized priests and bishops dispensed in all the countries into which they went ? For example, Italy held to one rival pope, as the true. successor of Peter , the Eastern Empire held to another of the rival popes, as the true successor of Peter, and Scotland and England held to the third, as the true successor of Peter. Bishops and priests, of course, in these different countries took their " orders " from their several Peters. Those bishops and priests dispensed the sacraments in the different churches of those countries— they baptized, and confirmed, and ab solved, and married and buried the people, and yet, as their orders flowed from at least two false sources, who could be cer tain about anything in this terrible confu sion?- Each had an " undisturbed " possession of the " deposit pf faith," and yet each was so unspeakably disturbed that he could not be certain about any thing at.. all!. How, then, does Dr. Bermingham know but that one of those false bishops who were excommunicated and cursed by the rival popes was the channel through which his orders have come ? Can he be sure about it— who his father was ? Can he know it? His late letter is the certain proof that the spirit survives in; him which distinguished ,the rival popes when they were seeking to poison or murder each other ! Again, " Baptism " is another great part of the Popish " deposit of faith;" It is this which cancels original sin 3 it is this which makes a child a Christian ; it is this which begins grace in the soul 3 and nothing else can have efficacy until this grace has been given. "Well 3 does Dr.. Bermingham know that he . has been baptized ? Is any Catholic on earth certain that he has been baptized ? . Impossible 3 for the Church teaches that unless the officiating clergyman had the necessary intention, there is no sacrament ! Every- body knows that there are bad priests in the Church of Borne. Suppose, then, .that the priest who baptized Dr. Berming ham was a bad priest, and had ho inten tion to baptize the child when he went, through the ceremony, Dr. Bermingham is not "baptized , nor. has he priest's orders, nor is he able to perform a single act of the priestly office ! If Dr. Bermingham has heard that' the priest who baptized him was a good priest, still the question remains, how can he be sure about the . intention ? 'but granting that . that priest had a good intent-ion, what if the priest who baptized that priest was a bad one ; and had no intention ? Then, in that case, Dr. Bermingham is exactly' in the same position - as before— not baptized — without orders — and a false priest . in capable of doing anything in the priestly office ! Beautiful certainty ! And every llonia/n Catholic is thus voholly uncertain about ' his baptism 3 thus every 'Boman Catholic iB cruelly mocked when lie is told that he is as certain about his deposit of faith- as that he lives and thinks ! If he thought for amoment he would turn from the priests to the living God. : On this point : of ' bad . priests and of baptismj let us give our readers one little . quotation from the holy St. Thomas (whose authority Dr. Bermingham will not dis pute). It is this : "If a priest intend to baptize a certain female that, ne kay ABUSE HER,' or, TF HE MAKE THE body of : Ciirist— that is the wafer — that he may use it to pofson with," &c.; This is not a Protestant supposition 3 but one" by the holy St. Thomas, providing for a state of things in the Church of Bome with which evidently he was well acquainted, and discussing the virtue of his intention in such horrid crimes — a " priest getting hold of a woman and offering to baptize her that he plight abuse her 3 and then, after abusing her and satis fying his lusts upon her, giving her a poisoned wafer to get her andlthe fruit of his sin out of the way ! ! But again, the mass — the wafer — is another great part of the " deposit of Popish faith." Well, Is Dr. Bermingham ever certain that he performs a true mass ? Is a Boman Catholic ever certain that he receives a true mass ? Impossible. Leaving out of view just now the question of true " orders," and taking it for granted that Dr. Bermingham was truly baptized and truly ordained, we now ask, Is Dr. Ber mingham ever certain that he performs a true mass? and is any one of Mb people ever certain that he gives a true sacra ment ? We repeat, impossible. For, the law of the Church is this, respecting the flour of which the wafers are to be made : " If it be not wheat, or if of wheat it be not pure and unmixed with grain of another kind, or if the mixture be in such , proportion that the wheaten character of the flour is lost, or if otherwise the flour be corrupted — the sacrament is not formed" — the wafer is not transubstan tiated, the body of Christ is not made, and the wafer continues, notwithstanding the priest's consecration, only paste ! Talk about certainty after this! The priest and the people in the Catholic Church are thus entirely at the mercy of the flour merchant. If his flour is not good, if it is mixed, if the proportion of the mixture be a little more or a little less — Oh ! terrible to relate, Dr. Bermingham makes his wafers in vain, and the people worship and eat them in vain, for they are not the sacrament, but dead paste .'—Again, the law of the Church with respect to the wine is, "If it has become vinegar or putrid 3 or if it has been made of sour and unripe grapes, or if it has been mixed with water so that its character of wine is lost, the sacrament is not formed " — the wine is not transubstantiated into Christ's blood, and notwithstanding the priest's consecration and the people's worshipping, it is nothing else but wine and water ! So, again, the priest and people of . Wagga. Wagga and everywhere else-, are thus entirely at the mercy of the wine mer chant. If the wine has been made of grapes sour and unripe — if it is no better than vinegar— if too much water be mixed with it — if the proportion of water be a little, more or a little less, then- — Oh! terrible to relate, Christ's blood is not in the chalice — the people worship not Christ's blood but bad wine ! and the priest drinks, not Christ's blood, but wine that has ceased to be wine by the mixture of too much water ! Talk of certainty after this ! Surely it is painful to- think of how the poor Catholics take ali for granted, and are certain of nothing ! On this point of wafers and the priest's intention, let us give another little extract' from the Holy St. Thomas (to whom, of- course, Dr. Bermingham will bow). It is this— When a priest is saying mass, and be intends to consecrate say ten wafers, but there are eleven; or, when he holds up one it happens that there are two sticking together : " If anyone has before him eleven wafers and intends to consecrate only ten, not determining what ten he intends, in those cases he does not conse crate because the intention is required." Alas? how the poor people are mocked with uncertainty ! Suppose a careless or half drunken priest goes to his altar and intends to make ten " Christs " for ten persons kneeling before him j but behold there are eleven wafers in the pyx. The mass goes on and the consecration prayer is offered,, 11 Hoc est meum corpus," &c.;, and the priest holds up the wafers and the people bow and worship 3 but, behold, when he has put one of those Christs on the. tongue of each of the : kneeling recipients, he finds one over I Oh, horrid 3 the whole ceremony ends in nothing, and the people have worshipped and eaten paste ! Lastly. Purgatory and repose of : soul form a great and important , part of1 the " deposit of Popish faith." The people pay for masses for the repose of the souls of their dead friends. The rich have " high masses " at .£10, £20, £50, or £100 each, which engage perhaps twenty or thirty priests for perhaps twenty or thirty days, according to the tuoney paid. The poor have "low masses," at from one shilling to half a crown. These masses are repeated as long as money is produced 3 and the distress and love of sorrowing 'friends often induce thern to part with their last shilling, to sell their goods, and even run into debt, that those masses may be . repeated over, and over again for the repose of soul to the departed in purga tory. Monster priests thus to fatten on the ignorance and misery of their people ! They pretend to get the souls out of the horrid flames ! And they rob : the poor with their lying assurances that " 11010 the soul of the dead parent or child, has risen out of the flames and gone to glory !" But are the priests certain ? Are the people certain? When the money is in hand, and the priests are enjoying them selves over their cups, of only one thing those traffickers are certain, viz., this, that purgatory is a grand and never failing source of cash. The cash in the bank is a " good deposit." But the people are to be pitied. They are mocked with lies. They are trusting as children. They are con fiding as simpletons. But as for being " certain " that their friends have got " repose of soul " through their money and masses, they are as far from this as the poles are wide asunder. Certain they are that they have done their " duty 3" certain they are that their money is gone 3 but certain also they might easily be, if they would only think, that they are , cruelly deceived. The Parliament is again met and the new ministers are in their places. On Tuesday Sir Henry Parkes, according to custom, made a short statement of the circum stances and steps which had led to the crisis, and he announced that it was the intention of the Ministry to push on work as quickly as possible, taking up most of the important Bills (with such alterations as the new Ministry considered necessary) of the late Government. Tiiis was received as satisfactory, as many of the measures had received the considera tion and amendments of the House, up to the second and third reading. The pro mise was made that the new Treasurer, the Hon. James Watson, would be ready with his statement in about a fortnight. As the new Government took initial steps to push on the works for the Great Exhibition, before meeting Parliament, Mr. Parkes intimated that he would hope that the House would approve and co operate that the affair might be a grand success for the colony, and not a failure as many have feared and almost hoped. The opening of ' the new regime could hardly be accepted as an augury of ; peace and of letting "bygones be bygones." Captain Charles, as a new leader of a new party, that is, if any will follow him3 was evidently much disgusted with the " coali tion." He could not understand how Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Bobert- son bad joined together, because he had heard them abuse each other like pick pockets ! Old and all as the Captain is he seems to have seen and heard, very little if he has not seen and heard of more wonderful events than the union of the two knights. The rest of the speaking from five o'clock till nine o'clock was waste wind. Dr. Bowker said a great : deal about everything and nothing. The speech of Mr. Greenwood was a mistake, and that of Mr. Wisdom, in reply, was not very " wise" but very foolish. We confess that we feel humiliated when we see men in high places, and having the interests of the country in their hands, falling not only below their position, but below themselves, in their attacks upon others 3 and in their waste of time. If our more .respectable and able members would leave the dirty work to the' M'Elhones, the Charleses, and theBeyerses of the Assembly, and reserve themselves for important questions and occasions, policy and' measures would get fail' play, and " men " would be left out of the account.. But everyone must have his share, at .nagging and accusing and slandering j and his education in the art of the politician is not complete until he can stand up and assert that the lion, members around him are: " liars and deceivers .and unprincipled, rogues only bent on defrauding the country and, injuring the people !" We do hope that members will see3 in the instance, of" coalition !' before them, how awkward it is for them to call each other bad names, because a few more turns of the political wheel may compel them to speak yet of each other as " my honourable colleague." The ambition of each member ought to be, not to speak much but to the purpose. Mr, Parkes has . now a -fine chance to signalize himself, both by good measures and good management. Tiie subject which we have been discus sing in notes for the past few weeks, for the . special benefit of a " Student of . History " at Wollongong, is of great practical interest. On it may be said to turn the whole controversy with Bome. When the question is, " What saith the Scrip ture ? How readest thou ?" the claims of Bome go to the wall. That question, therefore, is quietly shelved by the Popish advocates. On various pretexts it is shelved. One is, that the Church is above the Scripture — another is, that the Church existed before the Scripture — another is, that the Scripture is too difficult for common reading — another is, that the Scripture cannot be safely inter preted except by the Church — another is, that all heresies arise from reading the Scripture — another is, that the knowledge of all languages and sciences is necessary to understand the Scripture — another is, that the Scripture has given the Church power to add or "develop" truth — and another is, that the Scripture is dead, but the Church is the " living teacher " and judge. All these are pretexts on which the question " How readest thou ? What saith the Scripture ?" is quietly disposed of, and the other question — " What saith the tradition? What saith the Pope? What saith the Church ? and what say the Fathers ? — is substituted in its place. But, like thieves who are caught stealing, or like liars that are confronted by the truth, Bomanists shuffle a good deal when their conduct in connection with the Scriptures is exposed. English speaking ones are not a little uncomfortable when it is told them that the Church is conscious that the Bible is against her because she tries to keep the Bible from the people. They are ashamed that such a charge should be brought against their Church, which, they say, has been the keeper and pre server of the Bible from the beginning. They, therefore, confidently deny that the Church is against the Bible. They deny that the Church forbids the Bible to the people. And they produce the most extraordinary proofs— proofs which estab lish the very opposite of that for which they are submitted — to establish the point that the Church permits the people to. read the Bible, and gives it to them. They, for example, refer to ancient translations and versions of the Bible which kings and princes and bishops, or wealthy laymen copied and printed 3 and they say, "See, there were copies of the Bible in the vernacular before Wycliffe and Luther !" Yes 3 very few 3 hut not one of them trans lated and given to the people by the Church. —Then, they refer to the booksell ers' shops, where the Boman Catholic Douay may be purchased 3, yes, but the Douay was not translated by the Church, nor by the ' authority of the Church, but by private persons who translated it with the acknow ledgment that the Bible ought not to be generally read in the vernacular. — And then they refer to the numbers of. Boman Catholic families which have copies of the Bible, . and they say— "See,. Catholics have liberty, as well as Protestants to read the Bible 3" yes, in Protestant lands you will find this anomaly winked at, in spite of positive ndes and laws to the contrary ; but they altogether forget that the difference between Catholics with their Douay, and Protestants with their version, is this— the Catholics may read, but they dare not interpret, whereas Pro testants read, and they are told to under stand and interpret that their heart and conscience may submit to what the Bible says !— But denial, and affirmation don't help the matter much. The question is a very simple one, and one which may be very easily decided — "Is the Church of Bome in favour of the Bible — -of the people having it — of the people reading it?" Let any Popish advocate, who affirms that she is, produce the evidence. She has passed innumerable laws 3 let the Jaw requiring that the people shall have . the Bible be produced, if .it exists. She has given, through her councils and popes, innumerable recommendations 3 let the recommendation be produced which re quires priests and bishops to urge their people to get the Bible and read it, if it exists. It anyone points triumphantly to the letter of Pope Pius YI., to Martini, Archbishop of Florence, we shall have something to say about that solitary instance, which, by its exceptional character, establishes the fact that the Church does not recommend the Bible. But one swallow does not make summer. Where are the recommendations to the priests in Ireland to give the people the Bible and urge them to read it ? Where are the recommendations to the bishops and archbishops of France and Spain and Germany and Mexico urging them to give the people the Bible, and telling them that the better Catholics they will be the more they know about the Bible and conform their religious practices to what is taught there ? Where is the recommenda tion of the Church to Dr. Vaughan, urging him to see that every Catholic in New South "Wales is a reader of the Bible,- because as the people know the Bible and understand it,' the more devoted they will be to Home?' We know that the Church is 1 in favour of catechism ; therefore, every priest and "bishop insists upon Catholics having a catechism is it thus in the case of the Bible ? We know that the Church is in favour of scapulars, crosses, beads, and charms of different sorts ; arid, therefore, every where Catholic people have these things is it thus in the case of the Bible ? We know that the Church is in favour of Denominational Schools; and,: therefore, every priest is preaching arj.d lecturing against Public Schools, and insisting on Denominational Schools. All the world over the priests are busy insisting on this one thing ; — is it thus with the priests in their labour, to get every Catholic to read the Bible ? The fact is patent to all; You will hear priests preach about the Church, the sacraments, the saints, but never about the duty of. the people to read the Bible. You will see in pastoral letters of Bishops instructions about reading the " (xlories of Mary " or \- " some other good book about eating fish and eggs y about avoiding dripping and chops; about prayers to the Sacred Heart, and about giving the money which is called Peter's pence, but you never— not in any pastoral letter of a single Popish Bishop in all the world — read of instructions about their people having' the Bible and reading it. No : nob even . the Douay version ! Now, is it not obvious that, if the Bible was in favour of the Church, they would urge the people to get copies and read them ? If the Bible contained chapters about how Mary is to be worshipped— how the host us to be adored— how the penitents are to answer questions in the confessional— how the people are to obey the priest and none doubt his word —how the people ace to love and pray to the Pope and submit to him as higher than all kings aud queens : — if, we say, the Bible had chapters on these and other Popish subjects, is it not certain that the priests would compel the people to have the Bible and daily to read it ?: Do they, not know what is good for their claims? Are they not skilful in finding out what will build up their authority, and power? Yes; but because the Bible has nothing about all these Popish subjects ; nay, because the Bible is dead against all these Popish subjects, and is the most powerful of all emancipators of the slaves who are held in these bonds, the priests never tell the people about the Bible — never urge them to buy it and read it — never say that it is the best of all books ; on the contrary, they warn the people' of the danger of reading it ; they scare them by saying that the root of heresy is the reading of the Scriptures ; and their grand counsel to the people is, " leave the Bible to the Church, and, for. the saving of your souls, only "hear the Church."" The Palmer-street Church. — Last week the annual meeting of this Church took place, when the report of the income and the expendi ture was read by the Treasurer. It appeared that the past year had been one of prosperity in every interest of the Church. The total in come amounted to about £000, and the expendi ture to about £780, leaving a balance in hand of about £120. The pastor, Dr. M'Gibbon, con gratulated the church on the continued peace and happiness which had prevailed, and re marked that he himself had ; great reason for thankfulness because that at the end of the twenty-fifth year of the Church's history, and in the midst of his numerous engagements, -his work was more prosperous than ever. « The church had suffered by the loss of several members by death or removal from the city to the suburbs ; but, notwithstanding, by the addition of new ones,, the result was ; an enoouraging increase. During the year several special expenses had been incurred, by the alterations arid improvements . which had been made ; but by the hearty co- operation of the people and their united liberality, these had been paid for, and the handsome balance of £120 remained over , to the good for the present year. Referring to his health and labour, Dr. M'Gibbon added that he was glad to be able to say that, notwithstanding all drawbacks, he was sufficiently able to continue his work. Jt bad been feared tliat the days of his working were done j but the doctors had so far been mistaken. He hoped that health' and strength might yet be given him to continue to serve, as he had been doing for years past, in the defence arid propagation of the truth. It was his sincere desire that during the present year the church might continue in the enjoyment of its peace and prosperity. He iirged xipon the people to do tneir part with courage and self-denial, and to realize that there was privilege as well as duty in such Christian co-operation. ' A new committee for the present year was then' elected. After this, a very cordial vote of thanks was passed to the organist and choir for their assistance in rendering " the service of song in the liouse of God " pleasant and elevating. It was urged upon the ladies and gentlemen taking part in this important branch of the public, services to realize that they were' contributing very materially , to make the public worship of God a delightful arid .profitable engagement ; and the con gregation were exhorted' to value the singing as peculiarly 'their portion of the service, arid to " make a joyful noise " as both " good and pleasant." Other formal votes were then passed and the meeting was dis missed. ,':' ' Chiniquy at Mudgee.— Last week the Pastor was at Mudgee, and received, as 'was to be expected, a warm reception from the Protestant people ; but, as usual, a very . doubtful : one, from the good citizens," arid "lovers of free-, dom of conscience, " and charitable followers of Dr. Vauglian. He preached in the Presbyterian and Wesleyan , churches on the Sabbath, and gave soiric lectures in the large hall of the township during . the; week. The Sabbath worshippers, could riot but he edified '.with the simple and hearty addresses of the Pastor. He" say ri; that "he ; does not ' preach sermons, " but only, , " tells the story of j Christ's love. " But it not; tliis-' the best,, kind of preaching? After, all, the pulpit is , most powerful," when it 1 speaks of Christ' ancLof "the lovebf Christ. , All other "'sulij'eareuiy ' ,Mdii.;Tlie Ieofo.w.':c(mmicMuclg;.wey:'' have been in;' other; places;; .l,hut '.the'.'Mri'dgee'- -Papists sought to berieyerigedl b'k'a trick whicli1 illustrates' botlf their' "'falsehood;, -arid malice." It is remarkable that Papists' everywhere' in ono form or another,1 are always . trriet o the false and bloody' : character; of their Church; ; It seems so bred1 in 'thefn that they "cannot: help its malignant development. Tlie priest and his, flock in Mudgee were riot ' content , with abstaining from welcoming Chiniquy'; "they were not content with altar denunciations; arid confessional warnings and inhibitions—" See that you don't go to listen to his attacks upon the Church; see that you prevent anyone under your influence from going."" No; tliis was not enough. On the evening;1 when the Pastor was delivering his lecture on the " Con fessional," and when,- of, course, the hall 'was crowded, the Papists took, revenge in the most brutal and cowardly fashion; which might have ended in the loss of life;' In the midst of the lecture they raised the shout of " fire," and the fire bell was rung. Of course a panic ensued. : Men rushed, women screamed and fainted, and many were hurt and shaken ; but the shout: turned out to .be a "false alarm." Many who had escaped from the hall in the panic returned, and the lecture was finished. Such are the weapons of falsehood: and violence with which Popery would fight her battles. Nobody but a Papist could- have conceived such a vile method of putting down a lecture. ; If the priest of Mudgee was equal to the work of proving that Chiniquy was lecturing untruths, it would have been easy for him to answer his statements.; Or perhaps he might have hired Mrs. Constable to go up and reply ; but the device to defeat a lecture by raising the false alarm of fire, wok a satanic one, as it was impossible to foresee titer end of such wickedness. If some persons, had : been crushed to death, or been thrown over the . staircase of the hall, or had jumped from the window and been killed, what would the heart less wretches have said who raised the shout ? Or, had the Protestant people, m revenge for the insult and cruelty, rushed to the R.C. chapel and done violence, it . would have been; a question for the Popish casuists to deteririine, who were to blame ?— -Nevertheless. , it is gratify- ing to report that the Pastor went and came and conquered. If the community in general would only realize what Popery is, even in the sriiall circumstances of its tyrannizing over the people in the way, of ; forbidding them to " hear the other side," they would see enough to prove its unsocial, un-3ritish, and demoralizing charac ter. Surely Chiniquy, as a convert fropiHomc, lias as good a right to tell, his story against the Church, as Manning, as a convert to Rome, lias to tell his story in favour of the Church. But what liowling and threatening there would be if the Protestant people of England were to treat the London lecturer, in his . attacks upon Pro testantism as the Papists everywhere have treated Chiniquy in liis revelations of Popery ? . A Singular Incident. — Lieutenant-General Fy telle, in his History of Burma Past and Present, relates the following ; remarkable phenomenon. " Whilst I was residing; " lie says, "at Moulmein, I saw a ghost with my own eyes in broad daylight, of which I would make affidavit. I had an old school-fellow; who was afterwards a college friend, with whom I had lived in the closest intimacy. Years, however, passed away without our ever seeing each other. One morning I had just got out of- bed and was dressing myself, when,' suddenly, my old friend entered the room. I greeted Mm warmly, told- him to call for a cup of tea in the verandah, and promised to be with him immediately. . I dressed in all haste, and went out into the verandah, but fourid.ncf'one there. I could not believe my eyes. I called to the sentry, who was posted at the front of the house, but lie had seen no strange gentleman that morning. The servants also declared that no such person had entered the house. I was . certain that 1 had seen my friend. I was : riot "thinking about him at the time j yet I was not taken by surprise, as steamers and other vessels were frequently arriving at Moulmein. A fortuiglit afterwards news arrived that lie had died, six hundred miles, off, about the very- time 1 saw him at Moulmein."— Query, what was the mature of the warm greeting 1 ' Did it include shaking hands ? McEliione Eon Ever. — Those who were chiefly instrumental in making the member for the Upper Hunter an alderman for Sydney, will probably begin to. have qualms of conscience when they see the City Council Chamber what the Legislative Chamber, has been made by the McElhone oratory. He. is no doubt a great reformer ; arid it is possible that in his poking into holes and corners he will find out some cobwebs and dirt ; but to imagine that such a person will ever be capable of useful work, 'arid bring credit to the city is simply absurd. It might be. said with perfect truth that if you sent in the thickest' headed coal heaver or lumper to Parliament he would be likely some time to do some good by his vote and experience in jobs. So with McElhone. Send in a broom and cover it with an alderman's coat, and it will probably cld soriie good; some time, if only in sweeping out the waste paper. But McElhone does more than sweep out. He disgusts. His motions are generally vexatious and valueless; He knows how to move a motion only; to slander his neighbours ; and lie knows also how to move motions which will make; him appear very busy about the city's interests and very devoted to the " poor man's welfaro." It i simply one of the nuisances of our popular institutions that such a man could get to tlio front. The presence of such a man scares respectable people away. . . The Glebe Presbyterian Churou. — The fourth annual report of this Church has just been published. It shows that the church, in all its organizations, is in a prosperous condition. The year's; income has been £76S and the expenditure about £700. Great liberality has been shown by the people in providing for the cost of the building of the new Church. Several of the members had lent sums of money, from £1000: to £20, to be used without interest, in the building, and amounting to the total sum of £2165. The entire amount the lenders gave as a donation to the buildirig fund— which relieves the chiirch of a great burden. Mr. Joseph ' Paxtori has, as usual, been, most generous in this uridertaking. Besides various sums which haver been given otherwise for the success of this church, his loan, which was c'ori verted into ajfree gift, was £1000. ' This is a noble -example to wealthy Presbyterians and others, in giving of their substance to uphold the cause 1 of religion. , j Protestant Hall Company.— We; give fin another column a report of the sixth half yearly 'statement of this company. We are glad to notice that the Hall is growing in note and usefulness. The only thing to be 'regretted is that so many of the shares remain undisposed of.- Surely there are many of the friends of the cause both willing and able to take up some of the shares remaining. They ought not to wait to be asked. If the shares were disposed of, and the Hall relieved of its burden, the under taking would be yielding the handsome interest of 10 or 12 per cent, on the capital, to be dis tributed among the shareholders. One thing in the report grieves us and ought not to exist, viz., that some have taken up shares, and, . failing to pay the amounts of calls, allow the shares to be forfeited. We hope that during the present half year the Company will be still more successful ; but a vigorous effort ought to be made to dispose". of the shar&ri; remaining. 