f trms of fitetog. Tin; English Mail. — The attention of those hating correspondence with Europe is called to the fact that the English mail will close in to-morrow. Full par- ticulars will be found in the usual official notice. The Pjiebogative op Mercy. — By late telegrams received this morning it will "be seen that immense excitement prevails in Sydney, on account of the Acting- Governor and the Executive having refused to reprieve the aboriginal condemned to death. A pro cession, . supposed to have numbered 7000, marched 11 trough the streets of Sydney, and 20,000, it is said, afterwards chased the Premier. Fatal Football Accident. — The first death of the season, in the football field, has, it is telegraphed, occurred at Adelaide. bcriiail— Just as we were going to press this morning we received a ' cablegram arm rm firing that tb$ . -of Barmhb ll&d.; sent an anvoy to the Governor-Gen era! to ex plain matters in connexion with the murder of eighty of hi s, the King's, relatives. The 'GbvnmrrGenerai, however, would not -grant the'envpy an interview, so we shoold not be surprised if further complications were to arise, Hamilton Police Court. — Malcolm M'Intosh and Thomas Pugh were yesterday charged with being drank and disorderly in the public streets. The former, an old offender, was fined 10s, and the latter, on promising to amend his ways, was discharged witnacaution. Air. Smdlgrovc was the presiding magistrate. 6ape and English Hews. — The Tele- graph remarks it is now authorita tively announced that the > British -and French Governments will not interfere in any way with the administration of Egypt. The British Gonsul-General has protested against the arbitrary proceeding of the Khedive in connection with recent events. The celebrated Bagot case is again to be re-opened, a new trial having been granted. The commercial news is satisfoc- toiy, the prices for wool being strong, with an upward tendency. The latest news from the Cape is dated the 19th May, from which we gather that the proposals made by Cete- wayo for peace have not been accepted by the commander-in-chief, as the unconditional surrender of Cetewayo himself is a sine qua iioti with tbe British Government. The Right Hon. W. H. .Smith, the First Lord of the Admiralty, in addressing his constitu ents, stated that there was no tnith in the rumour that differences of opinion existed between the French and English Govern ments on Egyptian administration, nor, in deed, on any other question." Coubsing. — A rumour was afloat some time ago to the effect that it was in tended to form a coursing club at Branx holme, but nothing appears to have come of it. We believe we are correct in -stating that if such a club were formed, it would receive a considerable amount of support from owners of greyhounds in Hamilton. This being so. and provided there is no scarcity of hares, a very pleasant little meeting could be held cn Air. Skene's demesne, that enthusiastic sportsman being ready and willing to place bia estate at the disposal of the dub. In the meantime we would attention to the fact that nomi nations for the Western District Cup must be sent in not later than Tuesday next. The Concert at Macarthur. — Our attention has been called to the fact that it was not necessary for the consent of the com mittee to be asked with respect to the use of the Presbyterian Church at Macarthur bring granted for a concert. All that was re quired was the consent of the incumbent, this being according to church law. Whether or not the consent of the clergyman in ques tion had been obtained, we do not know, and whilst not venturing to dispute the matter with the gentleman who has kindly set us right, and who is acknowledged to be well versed in all legal, business connected 'with the church, we would suggest that in an affair of this kind it would only have been an act of courtesy to consult the committee, who after all have to find the sinews of war. It can be easily understood that in all matters appertaining to the pulpit the minister should be the best judge, but when it comes to granting the use of a church for a musical entertainment, for which it certainly was not erected, those in the habit of worshipping therein, and especially the committee, as representing the congregation, should be consulted. It is probably owing to this lack of politeness that the committee, who after all seem to have more power than should, according to our informant, be granted them, declined to allow the church to he used on the occasion under notice. Glen Thompson. — We learn from a correspondent that a most enjoyable Amateur Concert, in aid of the funds of the local ceme tery, took place at Glen Thompson on the 5th inst. Air. Watson occupied the chair, and amongstthe " singists" he noticed the names of Mossra Walker. Wilson. Tavlor. Anvnn. Rolls. Phillips, Boyd, and Snowball. The pro gramme concluded with a nigger farce, en titled " The Ghost in the Chamber," which is reported to have taken amazingly. The con cert over, a dance was organised which passed off satisfactorily, all. going home well pleased with their evenings entertainment. Air. Taylor, the hon. secretary deserves credit for tbe success which attended his efforts in getting up the concert. H.AC.B.S. — Anew branch of this society was opened at Coleraine on Saturday night last, by the officers of the Hamilton lodge, deputed for that purpose by the Afel- bourne District. The ceremony took place in the Roman Catholic school-room, and at its conclusion an adjournment was made to Host Barry's, where festivities common to such occasions terminated an enjoyable even ing. It is thought that Casterton will also soon have a branch, for with the prospect of a railway from Hamilton to that place, through Coleraine, such institutions will have greater facilities for co-operating for the general good. Wholesale Farming. — Mr. Koch, the largest farmer in these districts, paid a visit to Hamilton yesterday for the purpose of " killing time," as he calls it — that is to say, waiting until the period arrives for pro ceeding with certain works incidental to the , various stages of his agricultural operations. Air. Koch this year is cropping 2500 acres, partly at Nangeela and Dunrohin, and partly comprising 800 acres purchased by him from the representatives of the late Air. E. Henty, and 400 acres belonging to Air. Rhodes: Mr. Koch, we understand, is in correspondence with Mr. J. Al'Kellar for renting 2000 acres, of the Strathkellar estate, and it is expected that the negociations will be completed shortly. We should he glad to see so enter prising a farmer settling in the neighbourhood of Hamilton, and trust that Air. Koch may see his way to conclude arrangements. The Plebiscites! and Money Bills. — The Leader takes Mr. Patterson to task for insisting that money bills ahonld be passed over the heads of the Council, and also over the heads of the people without referring them to a plebiscite, and reminds the AGnis- ter of Works that, according to his (Air. Patterson's) own shewing such a thing as a corrupt Assembly is possible, because Air. Patterson denounced the vote ,for Warrnam- bool Harbor Works as a corrupt one, and claimed to himself the credit of stopping the expenditure. The Leader continues : " If all financial measures are to be exempt from the review of both Council and people, it would be easy for a dishonest Assembly to carry any objectionable measure under the name of a money bill so as to avoid a plebiscite. We should therefore have no safeguard on the expenditure of the public money, and no guarantee even that the plebiscite would be applied to those non-financial measures for which it was expressly introduced." It is refreshing to find that even the. most thor ough-going of the Ministerial papers, al though still adhering to the plebiscite, disapproves of the extreme powers arrogated to itself by the Assembly in Air. Berry's Reform Bill Trespassing on the Railway. — Amongst the Gazelle notices is one announc ing the appointment of certain persons to believe we are correct in saying that so far as outsiders are concerned, the railway in this portion of the colony is comparatively free from intruders. It is the workmen on the iinft themselves that are the most to blame, for it is nothing unusual, we are told, to see a number of them breaking the Sabbath by using the trollies on the when going out on sporting expeditions. This sort of tres passing is tar worse and more dangerous than residents of the district merely walking along ; the line, and if the practice is as prevalent las it is stated to be, it is to be hoped those on whom the recent appointments have been conferred will do' their duty fearlessly, and without favor or affection. Football. — The committee appoin ted to revise the rules in connection with the Hamilton Football Club, held a meeting on Saturday evening and completed their task. The result' will be communicated to the general committee at their meeting to-mor row evening. It has also been decided to challenge the Balmoral Club to play a match at Cavendish on Saturday next, and as there is every probability of the challenge being accepted, the playing members of the Hamil ton Club should go in for a little practice during the week. The Probate Duty. — "Whilst the land tax and a prospective increase are doing their share towards driving capital out of the colony, the exorbitant piofiate duties charged in Victoria are < also having a prejudicial effect. Men who have toiled and slaved for a lifetime to accumulate wealth for the bene fit of their successors, know that if they re tain possession of all their property here, a veiy laige portion, of it will be demanded of their heirs when they die. Thus, one is not surprised to hear of deeds of gift, and other measures bring tnVfp to avoid the tax, and Air, Beitys paper, has mentioned an in stance in which a capitalist is transferring as much of his estate as possible to an adjoining colony— notonaccanataf the "Beny blight," but simply because Sir James M'Colloch's pro bate duty xvill make a difference of something like £60,000 to his successors. Thus a large amount of capital is bring lost — and in all probability, permanently so- -to the colony. Now and '"i we hear of large sums being paid as probate duty, and the groundlings rejoice, but, could full information be oh- tained, it would be fonnd that we lose a very great deal more than we gain by these exor bitant demands on property. We are led to make these remarks by noticing that the probate duty on the late Mr. George Fife Angas' estate in South Australia, valued at £443,000, is only £4430, or at the rate of £1 per cent. ; whereas, had the will been proved on property valued at a like amount in Vic toria, the duty would have been £44,430 — true, there are succession duties, amounting to £4430, to be charged, but even these win only reduce the margin to £40,000 — a wonderful difference, and one that Mr. Angas, or, for that matter, any man, would have been justified in avoiding, by deed of gift or otherwise. Thus in many instances, I where much is expected, comparatively no thing will be received ; in addition to which, there will be great losses by the transference of capital from this colony to another. Miss Ella Kennedy. — This young lady made her first public appearance as a pianiste in Adelaide, at a fare well concert given on the afternoon of Saturday 31st May, at the theatre Adelaide to Signor Giorza. From the following which we take from the South Australian Advertiser it will be seen she again achieved success. Oar contemporary says : — " Miss Ella Kennedy, whose private pianoforte recital at Woodman's zooms will be remembered, voluntarily made her first public appearance in recognition of Signor Giorza's talents as a composer and musician. The debut of any artiste of more than usual ability is always a matter of interest to connoisseurs in the musical world, and the first public appearance in Adelaide of the young lady who created so favorable an impression when she gave her private recital recently was not the least interesting feature of the afternoon's programme. Alias Ella Kennedy at Sig. Giorza's own desire played Thalberg's grand fantasia on " Alos£ in Egito," which he regards as a master-piece of the composer, with whom he was on intimate terms. The composition is a difficult one to render with accuracy, but it was done full justice to by the player. It was soon apparent that Miss Kennedy had wonderful command of the instrument, and a touch as delicate as it is dexterous. Her position : at the instrument was easy, graceful, and unconstrained, and the more striking effects in the piece were produced apparently with out an effort. The famous prayer was rendered with great taste and feeung, and the difficult valuations . were jgiven with great precision and brilliancy. The young lady received a prolonged round of approbation ; when she rose from the piano. The Governor Invited to Wabr- nahbool. — A special meeting of the Warr- nambool Borough Council was held last Friday evening, to consider the request of the Warrnambool Racing Club to co-operate in inviting Excellency the Governor to the Winter Steeplechase meeting. The Standard reports that the members present were— the Mayor, Crs. Cramond. Jamieson, Harris, and Watson. A letter was read on the subject from the President of the Warrnambool Dating Club, who proposed that the invitation should emanate jointly from the Club and the Borough and Shire Councils. In a conversation on the subject, the councillors present expressed their willingness to co-operate in bearing any expense which might attend the Governor's visit, but expressed an opinion that on this occasion the invitation should emanate from the Club, who bad taken the initiative. It was pointed out that at some future time "Warrnambool, when the Borough Council would cheerfully undertake the duty of receiving him. ' in a becoming manner. A resolution embodying an opinion that on this occasion the invitation should emanate from the dub, and at the same offering to assist that body in making the reception a fitting one, was agreed to unanimously. . The Agricultural Statistics. — It appears that the yield of wheat from the Wimmera district has been understated by more than one half in the returns published by authority ofthe Government. At the last meeting of the Wimmera Shire Council, a somewhat animated discussion upon the point took place, not of course as to the value of the statistics, but as to tbe best way of meeting the difficulty, and apprising the Government that we should have some 750,000 bushels of wheat to our credit in stead of the 350,000 actually credited to us. The President seemed to incline to tbe opinion that as the Government were aware that the figures were understated by one half, the best thing to l>e done would be to inform them that their surmises were per fectly correct. A Flour Mill for Penola — We note our Penola friends are alive to their interests and are going in for local industry, says the Border JFa/c/t. At a meeting held at the Royal Oak Hotel last week, it was resolved to erect and work a flour mill ou ! the joint stock system. The estimated amount deemed necessary for the purpose is calculated at about £2,000. A prospectus is to be drawn up, and the shares placed in the market at an early date. A number of influential residents have signified their con fidence in the venture and purpose to invest in shares. The price at which shares will be issued has not yet been decided upon. Arrest of Mb. R. W. Bennett. — Saturday's Argus says that the detective authorities were yesterday apprised by tele gram of the fact that Robert William Ben nett, for whose arrest a warrant was recently issued by the Horsham bench, had been cap tured by the Tasmanian police. The prisoner, who is charged with forging the signature t:> an acceptance for the purchase iff land, was remanded until the X4th inst., in order that an officer might be sent from Melbourne with the warrant and depositions upon which to make an application for a warrant authorising his extradition to Victoria. A Horrible Scene occurred in Bris bane yesterday, which, we believe, hr-s no parallel in any catastrophe that has yet hap pened at the hanging of a man. It appears a severe frost had so hardened the rope that when the culprit fell, it cut his head off as cleanly as though a guillotine had been used. The sight must have been horrifying, and it is indeed a matter for congratulation that executions no longer take place publicly, or probably we might have more deaths to report, through shock to the systems of some of those present. It also Bounds strange to read of so severe a frost as that must have beezf yesterday, in an almost tropical country like Queensland. . An Awfully Sudden Death oc curred in Sydney yesterday, when Mr. But ler, Q.C., one of the brightest ornaments of the legal profession iu Aew South Wales, suddenly dropped down dead, in a crowded court. Aneurism of the heart is said to have been the cause of this most unexpected event. Fish Ho 1 — A large quantity of fish was sent up to Ballarat from Portland on Thursday, baton account of Tail way charges, and, we suppose, commission, general con sumers did net reap the benefit, as the Star says : — " It would be interesting to know what nett returns the Queenscliff and Port land fishermen received for the consignments of fish Bent to the various up- country markets on Thursday. As is usua( in order to provide for Friday's demand, a very large quantity of sea produce arrived in Ballarat on Thursday night, and there was a great demand, and consequently keen competition noticeable at the market. One fish salesman informs us that prices realised were, in most cases, altogether too high to allow of the retailers doing business. The commonest fish brought 4dper lb. wholesale, while prices for better varieties ranged as high as 7d and Sd per lb. These prices, of course, prevent the retailers from supplying the public frith fish at anything like a reasonable rate, and should, with the cost of carnage, agency, and so forth being taken into consideration, return the 'toilers of the sea9 a handsome reward for their labors." We believe that the price asked by the " toilers of the sea ' is 2d per lb. all round. If so, they certainly are not to blame for the high charges made, ana in taeir interest, we would, suggest tu&t; such explanations be given, as wiUlead not only to a reduction in the railway freight oh fish, but also to the if necessary, of the profits made by middle-men. The Totausatoe. — Some time ago, i when alluding to the new betting machine, the totalisator, we mentioned that if fairly conducted, it would furnish to those inclined te invest their money on horse-racing or other sporting events, the legitimate odds. Fx- j amples were also given to show that at one rcc meeting the odds given by the totalisator exceeded those offered bv thp , The latter, of course, at once saw the, aroSi tie day of any race meeting ® and at once brought their in5aa«, to sappress rt, the result wHS? 'kv torn of the owner, C. FranckaUJ?01- however, the Attomey-GeMr <eVe Td 40 a bilL the Vagabond," then took the and practically demonstrated could be given by the machinT5" presided over honestly. We nows£ member of the Hew South Wales , 1 intends to move a resolution t(Mkv'f5% the use of the totalisatoi. era- for one moment suppose the tCl" will be earned, as that wonld meanhM tunmingof gambling, which is, otswJ?" far from the thoughts of cohmLd Even, however, if it should he cfef totalisator will, as a rule, only hei«S\® on the day of a race, or shortly bJJT would not, in most cases, furnisli odds as bookmakelX months beforehand. pve Mr. S. Eable.— At the Bonk PoUeeCoortonYriday, before hfr.J.HT P.M., Samuel Earle was charged witvi embezzled the sum of £2 10s ofjjthe Horsham and Wimmera DistJi!?u pitaL Owing to the infonSoTSfc the case broke down, and Earle charged from custody. Smallpox in Fijl — A telerm, received by the Medical Sg®. I Friday from the Acting-Gevemmv® i South Wales, asking, arfhTlSt0 Actmg-GoveraoroT Fiji, for a sonri, vaccine lymph for that colony a,v,V. arrived at Levuka on the 14th life smallpox on board. Up to the 27th uJj1 disease had been confined to tte W w considerable alarm was naturally fehL T?. department at once despatched 200 biUi vaccine lymph. The Victoria, jS J department, which supplies ill thiTTr I touring colonies with lymph, is h, tbebi 1 of sending regular monthly supplies hnttt I Suva and Levuka, and ale 322 J native Fijians have been suol Free Education.— Hamilton is I the only plaraj where private scholasfic I terpnsc has been interfered with b? th. » 1 travagant disbursement of the public I upon free education. Tbe MelbonmeiiS I report that a vacancy will becauceim I representation of Fitzroy by theiniwwS I Mr. Robert ilacgregor, M.L.A.,X I dnle was filed in tire Insolvent ComS 1 Friday. The alleged causes of his impW I were that the system of free edacatimk I ruined a private school kept byhS I besides this that he had to pay Ji.i.i-. I bills owed by others. I £4988 10s 6cL, and assets £3724 2a 34 £ I Macgregor was elected one of tknaW I for Fitzroy at the last general I Amongst the names of probable ovAiT' I for the seat, that of Mr. William I been mentioned, he having for ams £ I taken an active part in the proceediaprfT I Reform League. Some membeieaftk. I stituency are understood to have detent I to get up a requisition requestinglkS: 1 to stand. The names of othgm.y 9 the Reform League have been mooted. IP I Yeomans, Mr. J. J. Walsh, and Mr. Fsr I being regarded as probable candidate. I Diphtheria. — The MorilakDmmi I says that Mr. Macdonald, of NooriTk I another child on Wednesday last from jjg. theria. This makes the sixth that tale I carried off from Mr. Macdonald's faeh> I this terrible visitation. Thereis stahdtl be another child suffering. H The Land Tax Court wasoccnpifi on Friday with the hearing of the aaJkl John and Thos. Phillips. The two eetel situated in the county of Lowan, vne : H in one, maJongm the aggregate 4,677aoa L Kerferd apprered for the appellants, and kl R- IVaLsh for the crown. The doable ma I was reduced from the third to tie fomfhte with costs. Ou the application of lit to 1 the hearing of the appeal of Sir V. iff 1 Mitchell was fixed for Tuesday. The anal I the trustees of the late Wm. XfiUiamsmbil been called ou when the court rose, Dr. Dcda I appearing for the appellants. A mnnberafitl served decisions were pronounced os Sdstofl The appeals were in each case sustain-,! ci the classifications reduced as follows :-Chte I Kelly, Kamarook, 15,336 acres, hm tin bl fourth class, with £29 Ss costs ; William IMdtl Bumewang, 31,363 acres, from second totmal class, with £64 10s 6d costs; James and 6\ll Winter, Colbinabbin, 17,990 acres, from Lb hi third class, with £7 19s costs; Elfkdl Benayeo, 4416 acres, from third to fourth &e;,fl with £21 16s costs ; James Bobeitsaa, EQenkl 35,427 acres, from third to foorth class, ail £54 4s costs ; S. Craig, Emu Creefc, 16,6)1 acres, from third to fourth dass, with £84 Hi costs; and James Robertson, Pleasant Buhl 9537 acres, from third to fourth class, with Si I 7s lOd costs. I Freight on Stobe Sheb.-I Through representations made by Vso&l; Richard Gibson, and Co., the Comnrissioiis of I Railways has reduced the freight on store lis? H from Melbourne to up-country stations Hi secretary of railways b" informed tbe firm tsfl the Commissioner has approved of such ihsfl being carried from Melbourne to coimUyststiai I at two thirds of existing rates. H Macarthur. —Attention is oiled the sale of land at Macarthur. which h to held by Mr. B. Horwitz to-day. I 