THE CLOVEN FOOT B f ffii 'AC156'Bor'Llibt"25DLiT:s" Sssbsx \- - - &C.;, &C.; Ohapiir XXLX.— Gzossr G.skakd. Jchn Trevtrtan was cut of the d ceteris hands before Christmas was over, and a'bie to appear on his mare, Black Bess, with his. wife, mounted on the gentlest of gray arabs. at the lawn meet, which wa, held at the Manor House cn New Year's day. It was the first time the hounds had tzset there since the death of old John Trevtrwn, Jasper's father, Wh.T ha."? Ku-.n s k..o..:.o. Taenxa Vi — ' ee.L.«A UUUtUilJ AUCkU SSMI never cared for field sports, and had sub scribed to the bounds as a duty, £ut now John Treverton the younger, who loved horse and hounds, as it is natural to an Eng lishman to love them, meant tbat things should be as they had been in the days' of "his great' uncle, generally known amon the elder sec tion of the community as "the old squire.'. He bAd bought a couple of. hunters and a first- rate back for lumself, an Arabian and a smart cob for his wile ; and Laura and bfe had rid den for many a mile over tbe moor in tbe mild afternoons of early autumn, getting into good form for the work they were to do in the "winter. Laura took kindly to the cob, and petted the Arab to a distracting degree. After a month's experience on the moors, and a good mauy . standing jumps over furze and water, she began to ride really Well, and hei husband looked forward to the delight of piloting her across tho countiy in pursuit of the red deer, before the hunting season was. over. But he . meant, it he erred at all, to err on the side of caution, and on this New Yea's day he had declared that he should only take Latira quietly through the lanes, and let her have a peep at the honnds at a distant. Celia. in the shortest of habits, a mere petticoat, and the most coquettish, of hats, w$s mounted on bur .father's steady-going roadstfet, a stal wart animal of prodigious girth, who contem plated the hounds with unvarying. equanimity. a What has become of your brother YJ Laura asked, as she and Celia watted about, side by ' side, watching the assembling of the field. "I haven't seen him since my children's party." Oh, didn't I tell- you ? - He is in London- making arrangements about a play that he is to write for one of the big theatres. Mamma had & letter from him this morning. He is coming home the day after to-inorrow, and he is going to bring a London acquaintance to stay two or three days at the Vicarage. A' young doctor, good-looking, clever, a' bachelor. Now, Laura, don't you really think the world must be coming to an end very' soon f ' " No, dear ; but 1 congratulate you on the bachelor. He will be an acquisition. You must bring him to us." '' Oh, but Edward says he can only stay -two or three days. He ha3 his practice to attend to. He is only coming for a breath of „ country air." Poor fellow. What is his-natue f " Edward did not tell us that. Something horrid, I daresay. Smith or Jones, or John- eon— a name to dispel all pleasant illusions." ' " Here comc3 Mr. Sampson." 14 Yes, on the horse he drivea in his dog cart. Could -you believe, Laura, that ahorse could support existence with so much, bone and so little flesh ? " This was all Laura heard about the ex pected guest at the Vicarage',, but poor Celia wai in a flutter of wondering anticipation for- the next two days. She took particular pains to make her brother's den attractive, yet sighed as she reflected how milch of the Btran- ger's brief visit would be spent, within the closed doors of that masculine snuggery. - " I wonder whether :he is fond of ' tea," aho mused, when she bad given the heightening touch to the multifarious frivolities of the poet's study ; and whether I shall be allowed to join, them at kettledrum. Very likely he ii one of those dreadfully mannish men who hate to talk to girls, ftud look glum whenever they're forced to endure women's society. . A doctor ! scientific, .perhaps, and devoted to dry bones. Edward calls him handsome ; but 1 daresay that was only-said in order to prepossess' us in his favor, and secure a civil reception for him." - - — ' Thus, in maiden meditation, mined the damsel on that January evening, when her brother and her brother's friend weie ex pected. The omnibus from the u George" was to bring them from the station, and that omnibus would be due at a quarter-past seven. It was now striking seven by the deep-toned church clock: a solemn chime . that bad counted out Celia's hours ever since she could remember. She hardly knew time . or herself ; out of earshot of that grave old clock. 44 Seven," she exclaimed, 4' and my hair anyhow." ( She slipped off to her room,- lighted her dre3«ing-table candles, and took up her hand mirror the better to survey the edifice of frizzy little curls which crowned her' email, neatly shaped head. Dear little head, brimming over with curls," she sang gaily, smiling at herself in the glass, a« riieput her put ringlets in their proper places, and smoothed the corner of an- eye brow with her little finger. 44 What a blessing not to be obliged to powder, and to have lips that am naturally red," she said to herself.- 44 It might almost reconcile one to be buried alive in a- village." She put on her prettiest dress in honor of the visitor. It was by no means an elaborate costume. There were no intricacies of style,, no artistic combinations of material. Celia's best indoor gown wa3 only a dark green. French merino, brightened by n good .'deal of ribbon, Artfully disposed in unexpected, hows and knots, and floating sash ends. Happily, the color suited Celia's complexion, arid the soft fabric fell in' graceful' folds upon, her .slender, figure. Altogether, Celia felt-herself looking nice when sie put out her candles and ran downstairs. A substantial tea-dinner was waiting for the travellers in the diningroom, 'to the sore discomfort of the vicar, who hated a tea din ner, and was accustomed to dine at a punctual half-past six. 44 Why must we have a makeshift meal of thii kind : ' he asked, fretfully. 44 Why couldn't these young men come in time for our regular dinner? " "Why became there was no train to bring them, you dear, stupid, old Pater," retorted the flippant Celia. 44 I'm sure the table loots quite too lovely.''' A fine piece of cold roast beef at the end opposite the urn and tea-drav,' a pigeon piej a salad, an apple pasty, and a home made cake or two, diamoni-cut jars of marmalade and iam, and a noble glass bowl of junket, did not promise badly ior two hungry young men ; but the V icar looked across tbe board, from Dan to Beersheba, and found it all barren. 44 1 suppose nobody ha thought of ordering any thing, hot for £)C,' he remarked, with an injured air. It was a tradition in the family that the Vicar could not et a cold diinner. It was not that he would not, but that he could not. The consequences were too awful. v No one but himself knew the agonies which he suf fered it he was forced to dine on cold beef or xauttou. His sy«tem could accommodate lobster, he could evtu reconcile nature to cold chicken, but hia internal economy would luive nothing to do with cold mutton or beef. - Dearest creature," said Celia, raising her self on tiptoe in order to cares "her father's iron grey beard, 44 there is a particular dish of cutlets for yuii, with the mushroom aauce vour soul lowth." The Vicar gave a sigh of satisfaction, aud just at that moment tlie wheels of the om-. nibu3 sounded on the road outside, the Vic arage gate fell back with a clang, and Mr. Clare and his daughter went out to receive the travellers, while Mrs. Clare, who had been in dulging herself with a nap bv tbe drawing- ' Published fcy special zmsgsneut with the author. AiiriahU reserved.. rqm.fir. opened her eyes, and began to wen- dtr Taguely vrhethek it was night or morning. ' What wH' oi man did'CSEbehoUl Whefi she- went into the lamplit hall, sheltering herself shyly under her father's wing, to welcome her brother and his guest Not at all the kind oi yung she expected to see;yet Lis appear ance impre jsed her favorably, notwithstanding ; He v-sls strikingly original, she told Laura afterwardi, and that in an age ot hum-drum was much. She saw a tall, broad-fliouldtred man, with marked features, well-shaped yet somewhat rugged, a pale complexion slightly pitted with smallpox, black hair and heard, dark giey eyes, with a wonderful power and light in them, under thick black brows. " Tbe idea of calling this stern-looking creature handsome," thought Celia, while her father and Mr. Gerard were shaking hand, and then in the next instant the stern-looking creature $miled, and Celia admitted to herself that his smile was nice. 44 You must be desperately hungry," said the Vicar, 44 unless you've dined on the way." 44 Dined on the way/' echoed Edward, peevishly, . " _\\\Vy travelled third clas, and we've had nothimjbut a split soda and a couple of Aburnethy- biscuits since nine this morn ing." " Poor, poor things," cried Celia, with in tense pity, 4 but I can't help being rather glad, for you will so enjoy your tea." Edward had introduced his friend to his father and sister, and now presented liim to Mrs. Clare, who came out of the drawing- room, smiling blandly and trying not to look sleepy. They all went into the dining-room, where the table which the Vicar bad despised seemed to the two young men a land of promise. The urn hissed, and Celia mAde the tea, while Mrs. Clare sat at the other end of the board, and carved the beef with a liberal, motherly hand. It was quite a merry party, for George Gerard had plenty to say. for himself, and the Vicar was pleased to get hold of an intelligent young man, fresh from Lon don, and steeped to the lips in the knowledge of metropolitan politics, which are about a month aheadof rural politics. Thevsatat table -for an hour and a half, and the three-quarters of an hour during which Gerqrd leaned back in his chair, talking to Celia on one side and the Vicar -on the other, and consuming numerous cups of tea, was in- the surgeon's estimation the pleaaantest part of the time. It wa3 long, very long, sine Gerard had found himself , in so bright a room, or in such agreeable company. The homelike air of his surroundings wanned his heart, which had been chilled by long homulessness. The family history that lay behind his hard career was not a happy one. A profligate father wasting hi3 opportunities and squan dering hia resources, a mother struggling nobly- against adversity, trying against all disadvant ages to maintain, by her own efforts in art and literature, a home for her unworthy husband and her idolised son. A boyhood at a cheap Scotch university, and just on the threshold of manhood, the loss of this patient dearly-loved mother, some years a widow. And then the .young man had found himself face to face with stern necessity, and in a hard, indifferent world that knew nothing of him and cared nothing for him. He had begun thfe battle of life with a de termination to place himself among those who conquer. Hia ambition was hard and bitter. He had none of those incentives to effort that sweeten toil, where a man knows that he i9 working for mother or wife, or children. There was no creature of his own race to rejoice in his success, or to compassionate his ill fortune. If nature had not made him of stroog stuff he would most likely have drifted to the gutter. For a weaker soul the unaiJcd struggle would have been too dreary. Happily for George Gerard he loved hia pro fession for its own sake. That love stood him in the stead of human empathy and human affection, A word of commendation from .one of the famous men at the hospital, a word of gratitude from one of his own pa tients,' the knowledge that he bad managed a case. well, these things cheered and sus tained- him, and he tramped along the diffi cult road with a hold front andajofty heart, sure of- success -at the -end of it, if he but lived to reach the end. To-night he abandoned himself to tho new delight of pleasant society. A bright room, furnished with that heterogeneous comfort which marks the gradual growth of a family dwelling ; dark crimson curtains drawn across the broad bay window ; family portraits on the walls ; lamps on the table, and candles on the mantelpiece and sideboard ; a fire heaped high with wood and coal ; the Vicar's favorite col- ley stretched luxuriously on the hearthrug. " I don't think I will go into the drawing- room to-night," said the Vicar, wheeling hia chair round to the fire when the table had been cleared. " I'm sure you haven't so good a fire as this in there." Mrs. Clare admitted that the drawingroom fire was not as good as it might be. 44 Very well, then, we'll finish the evening here. If these two young men want to smoke they can go to Ted's room." Mr. Gerard declared that he did not want to smoke. He was much two comfortable where he wa3. And then the Vic.tr began to question him about hi4 profession, what such and such men were doing, and what these new mun were like who had won reputation lately. Gerard talked best when he talked of las own calling, and Celia, working point lace in a corner by the fire, thought that he looked reallv handsome when be was animated. It was a face so different from all those prosperous, . fresh- colored, country bred faces that her daily life had shown her a face marked with ? the strongest determination, vivified by a . powerful intellect. The giri'a observant eye noted every- characteristic in that interesting countenance. She aaw/ too, -that the young man's black frock coat had undergone harder ' wear than any garment she had ever seen worn by her brother ; that his boots were of a thick and useful kind, afid lacked the style of a fasliionable maker; that he wore & silver watch chain, and exliibited none of the trinkets affected by prosperous youth. Now Celia Clara was not fond of poverty. She considered it a necessary evil, but liked to give it us wide a berth as possible. Any visiting --he did amongst her father's poor went sorelv against the grain ; and she always wondered bow it was that Laura got on so well with the distressed classes. Yet she felt warmly interested iu this young doctor, who was evidently most uninterestingly poor. Chapter XXX.— Thou af.x the iU:. The next day was Sunday- George Gerard was up as soon as it - was light, and off for a r&mblu; on the moor, before the nine o'clock breakfast. This glimpse of the country was twist to him, even in the bleak January 'weather, and he wfrnted- to niake the most of his brit opportunity. When he earn back to the Vicarage after hia wulk lie found Edward C'lare smoking' a cigar in the shrubbery. ' What a fellow yvu arc to be rambling about in such wintry weather, ' cried Edward, by way of salutation. 4> 1 want a few minutes talk before we go iu to breakfast. We may not get a chance of being ulune afterwards. Celia h so fussy cn Sunday mornings. I should "like you to go to church with us if you cWt object." 1 had inade up xay mind to go. I hope you don't suppose I have an antipathy tu churches 4 One tievcr knows how that way be. I don't imagine there's much church going among young professional men in London." ' I used to escort my mother to church every Sunday morning u heu I was a little boy, and those were my happiest days. If I didn't like the Sunday morning service for its own sake, I should, like it because it puts me in wind of her." ' Ah," sighed Edward, 44 1 daresay when a fellow lose? his mother early in life, be fceU .sentimental about it ever afterwards. But | when a mother- gets to-thc elderly and twad- ' dl? azc. ore may & fond of her, but one can't feci poetical' about hen I'll tell you why I want' ycu to go to church with ua, Gerard. John Tievertcn is sure to be there. It will be a capital opportunity for you to take stcck of him. Our puw I just wppsite tht Mau<.r House pew. You'll ha»e him in full view all through the service." 44 Very good," assented Gerard. 44 if this Mr. Treverton and Jack Chicot ate the same, I shqil know him whertvcrl see him." Celia was in excellent spirits all breakfast time, and p.iurei out tea and coffee with a vivacity and a grace worthy of French comedy. Tbe preeencc of a strange young man had a wonderfully brightening influence. Celia felt grateful to her brother for having afforded tbi« unaccustomed variety in the monotonous course of ruial life. She took mure pains than usual in putting on her bonnet for church, though that was an operation which she always performed carefully, and she happened some- . h&vr; to be walking by Mr. Gerard's sute for the few hundred yards between th. vicarage and the lych gate. Tlie vicarage party wcre ambngst the first arrivals. There were only the charity children in the gallery, and u few gitffers and govdies in the free seats. The gentry dropped in slonly. Here was Mr. Sampson, the lawyer, looking his sandiest, accompanied by Miss Sampson, in a distinctly new bonnet. Here was Lady Barker, short and fat and puffy, in u ancient velvet mantle, bordered with brown fur, like a common councillor s cloak on Isold Mayor's day, and with a bonnet that reached the climax of dowdines? — but when one is Lady Barker, and has lived in the same house for five and thirty years, it matters ver, little what one wears. Here came the Pugslej's, the retivod iron monger and his wile, from Beectiainptou. Mis. Pugsley, positively gorgeous in velvet and sable, and with a bird of many colors in her bonnet. Next arrived Mrs. Daracott. the rich widow, whose husband was the largest tenant farmer in the district, and who looked ;u if all Hazulhurst belonged to her ; and here, after a sprinkling of nobodies, came John Treverton and hi wife. The vicar gave out a New Year's hymn two minutes Mterthis last arrival, and the congre gation ro?e. 44 The -. man is marvellously changed," George Gerard said' to himielf, as he stood face to face with John Treverton, 44 but%he is the man I knew in Gibber-street, and no other." Yes; it was Jack Chicot. Happiness had given new life and color to the face, pros perity had softened the harshness of it out line. The hollow cheeks had filled, the hag gard eyes had recovered the glory and glad ness of youth. But the man was there — the same man in who>e face Gerard had looked a year and a half ago, reading the secret of his loveless marriage. Did lib look like an undetected murderer ? Did he look like a man tormented by remorse, weighed down with the burden cf a guilty 9ecret ? Assuredly not. He had the straight outlook of one whose conscience is clear, whose heart is free from guile. If he were verily guilty, he must be the priuce of hypocrites. His wife w&3 at his side, and George Gerard looked at her with a painful interest. What a ' lovely, tru3tful face, radiant with innocence , and contentment. And was -this guileless . creature to be made wretched by . the know ledge of her husband's deceit ? Was her heart to be broken in order that John Trever ton should be punished ? Edward Clare had said tbat it was for her sake he wanted to know the truth about her husband ; it was that she might be rescued from a degrading alliance, protected from a man who was at heart a villain. ' Goorgc Gerard watched the husband .and wife at intervaD during the service. He could see nothing but placid content, a mind At ease, in the face of John Treverton. The idea of this freedom from care on the part of him who had been La Chicot's husband embittered Gerard. 44 Had that woman been my wife, I should - have been sorry for her cruel fate, I should have motirned for her honestly, in spite of her degradation. But had she been my wife, she would never have sunk so low. . I would have made it the business of my life to have saved her." Thus argued the man who had passionately loved the beautiful, soulless wouiuu, and who had never Comprehended the utU-r emptiness of her mind and heart. Once in the progress of the serVico John Treverton locked across the aisle, and aaw tbe stem, -grey eyes watching him. In that one glance Gerard saw that he was recognised. "What uill he do if we meet presently ?" Gerard asked himself. 44 He'll cut me dead, uo doubt." They did meet, for in leaving tlie church porch Laura stopped to talk to Mrs Clare and Celia. Edward and his friend were close behind. , 44 Is it the man ?" Edward asked in a whis per. 4 Yes," answered Gerard. They went along the ehufthyard path to gether, and at .the gate there was a pause. Laura wanted the vicarage ptfrty to go to luncheon at the Manor House, but Mrs. Clare declined. Of course the children could do what they liked, she said, &3 if her children . had ever done anything else since they had emerged from the helplessness of infancy. Even in their cradles they had had will of their own. Celia looked at her brother, and saw by a warning twitch of hia eyebrows that she waS to 3r»y no. . 44 1 think we had better go home to lun cheon," she eaid, meekly. "Papa likea'UB to be at home on Sunday?." Then die gave' her brother's sleeve a litric fug. . 44 You haven't introduced Mr. Gerard," she whispered. '» "Ah, to be sure." Mr. Gerard, Mrs. Trever ton, Mr. Treverton." '"Mr. Gerard and I. have met before under circumstances that made mo deeply indebted to him," said John Treverton, holding out his , hand. Gerard lifted his hat, but appeared not to see the offered hand. This unexpected franki/fess took him by surprise. He had been prepared for anything rather than for JoKn Treverton' acknowledgment cf their past acquaintance: It was a bold stroke it the man were guilty ; but Gerard's experience had taught him that guilt is generally bold. 44 1 should be glad of ten minutes' talk with you, Mr. Gerard," said Treverton. 44 Will you walk my way?" 44 We'll all walk as far as the Manor House?" aaid Celia. 44 We need not be home till two, need wc, ma ?' 44 No, dear, but be sure you are punctual," answered the good-natured mother. 44 1 shall say good-bye, Laura, my dear." While Laura lingered a little to take Lave of Mrs. Clare, Treverton and Gerard walked# on in front of Celia and her brother, along the frost-bound road, under the leafless dins. ' The world is much smaller thtfu L took it to be," John Trcvei ton began, alter a pause, ' or you uhd I would h<udly iu. ct in such uu out-of-the-way corner oi it u ILL." Gcraid said nothing. 44 Were yu»i nut surprised to iee me ill so altered a p«itivu?" the other asked, after an« uncomfortable pause. " Ye., X was certainly surprised." 44 1 am going to appeal to \our kind feeling —nay, to your honor. My wife knows nothing of my past life, save that it iva wild and foolish. You know too well what degradation there was for nit in my first marriage — I am not going to peak ill of the dead — " "Pray do not," iuUrpoied Gerard, Very pale. 44 But I must speak plainly. When you knew me I was a most miserable rn&n.; I have stood upon one of the bridges zrmny a night, and thought that the be?t thiug I could do with myself Mas to drop quietly over. Well, Pro vidence cut the knot forme— in a terrible man- . ncr — but still tbe knot wa3 cut. I have pro fited by my release. Fate has been very kind to me. My wife i3 the dearest and noblut of women. To pluck tho veil from my past his- to$ would be to give her infinite pain. you, then, as a gentlemen, as a man of honor, to keep my secret and to spare bcr and z&s.; ' 41 And you," said Gerard, bitterly. 44 Yes. it is doubtless of yourself you think when you a=k me to bt silent To spare you 1 Did you pity or spare the wretched creatuie who loved ydu fondly even in her degradation ? As fcr your secret, as ycu call it, it is no secret Mr. Clare, the Vicar's son, knows as well as I do that John Chicot and John Treverton ar one and the same. ' " He knows it ? Edward Clare ?" 44 Ye." 44 Sineu when y" 41 Positively, since this morning in church. He had hi suspicious before. Thi» morning I was able to confirm them." 44 1 am sorry for it," said John Treverton, after they bad walked a few paces iu silence. 44 I am sorry for it. I had hoped that part of my life was dead and buried — that no phantom from that hateful past would ever arise to haunt my innocent young wife. It is very hard upon me ; still harder upon her." 44 There axe some ghosts not easily laid," re turned Gerard. 44 1 should think the ghost of a murdered wife was one of them." 44 Edward Clare is uo friend to me," pursued Treverton, hardly hearing Gerard's remark. , 44 He will make the most malicious ut-e of this knowledge that he can. He will tell my wife." 44 Might he not do something worse than that Y 44 What?" 41 What if he were to tell the police where Chicot, the wife murderer, i to be found Y 44 My God," cried Treverton, turning upon the spo'- - l--1- 4 -»- ' " You do not think me that ?" 44 Unhappily, I do." 44 On what grounds?" 44 First, on the strength of your cowardly conduct that night. Why should you shirk the responsibility of your position if you were not guilty ? Your flight was damning evi dence against you. Surely you must have known that when you fled." 44 1 ought to have known it, perhaps ; but I thought 'of nothing except how best and quick- est to escape from the entanglement tbivt had been the bane and blight of my manhood. My wife was dead. TUoe glassy eye, with their awful look of horror — that marble hand — told me that life had been gone for bour3. What good could I do by remaining ? Attend an inquest at which the story of my life would b« ripped up for tlie delight of every golsip- inonger in the kingdom, until I, John Trever ton, alias Chicot, stood face to face with the world, so tainted and infected that no iuno» cent woman could own ine a her husband ? What good to me, to that poor dead woman, or to society at large, could have come of my eras -examination ut the inquest?" TUD much good, at least : your innocence —if vou are innocent— might have been made manifest. A it is, the inferences are all in favor of your guilt." 44 How could I have proved my innocence ? I cduld have offered no stronger pro ut the inquest than I offer you now— my own word— the word of ti ni£i who at his worst never stooped to dishonor. I tell you face to face, a3 man to man, that I never kfted my hand against my wife ; rthver, even when words were bitter between us, . atfli of late we had many bitter words, I tried, honestly, to save her from her own weakness. The day had been wbo-n 1 was fond of her in a reckless way, never looking forward to the future, or thinking what kind of a couple she and t would be when acre had sobered us, and life had gibwn real and serious. No, Mr. Gerard, I am not a cruel man ; and though the fetters hung heavy upon me I should never have striven to set myself free. When I saw those people — Desrollt and the two women— standing round me that night, it flashed upon me all at once that in their eyes I might look like a murderer. And then I foresaw suspicion, dif ficulties of all kinds, and above all that which I most dreaded, a hideous notoriety,- If I stayed all this was inevitable. I might escape everything if I could get away. At that moment I considered only my own interest. I saw as it were a gute standing open leading into a new world. Was I very much to blame if I took advantage of my chance, and left my old life beliind in? ?" 44No man can leave hi past life behind him." answered Gerard. 44 Well, if you are iunocent I am sorry for you, as I should be soitv for any innocent man who had so acted a to seum guilty. I am still more sorry for your wife." Yes, you have need to be huitv for her," said Treverton, with a quiet anguish that touched even the man who thought him guilty. 44 God help her, poor girl. We have been very happy together, but if Edward Clare holds our happiness in his hand our peaceful days are at an end." They uere "at the Manor House gate by this time, and here they stopped' and waited in silence for the others to join them. Celia and Laura had been talking together merrily, while Edward walked be?ide them, silent aud thoughtful. John Treverton shook hands with Celia, but he only gave Edward a curt nod of adieu. 44 Good morning, Mr. Gerard," he said, with cold courtesy. 4 Come, Laura, if Celia has made up her mind to go home to luncheon we mustn't detain her." 44 Duty prevails ovr inclination," aaid Celia/ laughingly. 44 If I were tocometo the MaAcr House I should forget mySunday school work. . From three to four o'clock I have to give my mind to Scriptfire history. How drea&fully; absorbed you look, Mr. Gerard," she exclaimed, struck by th« surgeon's thoughtful aspect. 44 Have you any serious case in London thai -is . preying upon your mind ?" 44 1 have plenty of serious cases, Mi3 Clare ; but I was not thinking of them just then," he answered, smiling at her piquant little face, turned to him Interrogatively. "My patients are mostly sufferers from uu incurable malady." "Gortl graciou, poor things. Is it au epi demic ?" 44 No, a chronic disorder — poverty." 4' Uh, poor souls, then I'm sure I pity them. I've beeu subject to occasional attacks towards the end of the quarter all my life." They were walking homewards by this time, Edward in the rear. 44 Now, do you seriously think, Miss Clare, that a young lady, living in Ler father's house, with every want provided for, can know the meaning of the word poverty ? " 44 Certainly I do, Mr. Gerard. But I must till you that you start upon false premises. Young ladies living in their father's hou3us have not always every want pxbvided for. I have known what it i3 to be desperately in want of six-button gloves and not to be able to get thcin." 44 You buvencver known what it is towant- brlad.' 44 1 in not particularly foti-i of bread," said Celia, 44 but 1 have often hod to complain of the disgusting stale nun of the loaf tbev givo u j ut luncheon." 4 Ah, Mi Clare, when I was a student at Mbrischal College, Aberdeen, I have ieen many a young fellow walking the street in his scarlet gown, gaunt and hungry-eyed, to whom a munch of your stdle louf would have been a luxury. When a Scotch parson sends hi son to the University He is not always able to give . liim the price of a daily dinuer. Well for the lad If he can bo sure of a bowl of rporridge for breakfast and supper." 44 Poor dear creatures," cried Cdliu. 44 I'm afraid Edward spends as much mrtney on gloves and cigars as would keep ameconomical young man at the University — but- then- he is a poet." 44 Is a poet necessarily a spendthrift ?" tm Upon my word, I don't know, but they seem generally gifren that Way, don't they? One con hardly expect them to be very- care- j ful about pounds, shUKngj. and pence. Their i heads arc in the clouds, and they have no eyes for the transaction od&ily- nfe.; . After thai tbey walked on ior ff'lTKlwlrik in silenoe, Geoxge Gerard thoughtfaUyopntcxn- pLtive of the fair young face, with itsttigson prcttiness aud frivolous expression. % 44 It would be a misfortune, as well as afclly. . for a man of my stamp to admire such a girl as that, he told himself ; 44 hut I may allott fiiyielf to be amused by her." ; A minute afterwards Edward Clara coins uj . to him and took him by the arm. ; 11 Well," he said, 44 what passed bstwusa yott and Treverton ?" 44 A good deal, yet it amounts w yery littl I am sorry for him. ' ?. 44 Then you do not heliwve that he-killed hii - wife? " 4< I don't know. It i a profound mystery. - I should advise you. to let things take thou own course. What good will it do for you. tc . make that poor young wiie of -hL.misvtabJe If he is guilty, punishment will come soouer dr .; later. If he i« Innocent, it would be a baft ' / thing for you to persecute him." ' v » "What, do yvu suppose A am such A.i&UIp; sop aa to let him go on his way unquestioned! I, who have loved Laura, and lust her ? ; ' Sup . po«e him even innocent of the - murder1 which' is much more than I am ready to Be lieve — he is guilty cf a cruel fraud upon hil present wife, of an impudent fraud upon the trustees to Jasper Trfcverton' estate, of .whom ' my father is one. He has no more right tc" yonder Manor House than I have. Eft, mar riage with Lauta Malcolm h no marriage. Am . I to hold my peace, knowing all this?' . , " To reveal what you know will be to break Mrs, Treverton's heart, and to reduce h er ; tc beggary. Hardly the act of a friend." her to beggary. She ha» a small -inccmevof her own." 44 And the Manor House estate will be :d# . voted to the creation of a hospital" _ 44 Those are tho conditions of Jasper Tree .. ton's will." - -» 44 As a professional man I am boua'd to re joice, but aa a mere human being can't he!pa . feeling sorry for Mra,.Trevefton. £he aeehu devoted to her husband." 44 Yes," answered Edward, "he Jias qca» y4.4' trived to hoodwink her; but perhaps when she know that John Treverton is Jack Chicct,4 -v the ballet-dancer's husband, aha will be dfi- ' enchanted." Gerard made no raply. He began to . un-. l derstond that personal malignity was the. main- . . spring of Edward's desire to let in the: light, upon John Treverton' secret. He was almost . sorry that he had lent his aid to the discovery;, # yet he had ardently desired that justiceahould be done upon La Chicot's nmrdereiv It .wca ouly since hi recent conversation with John ' Treverton that hi opinion as to the husband's guilt had begun to waver. . ). He was haunted all the rest of the day. by > uncomfortable thoughts about the master, of / H&zelhurst; Manor and bis fair youtig wife ; thought so uncomfortable as to'pfevenr-Iila ' enjoyment of Celia's lively company, which hud all the charm of novelty - to a. inao / whose youth had not been brightened "by - girlish society, and whose way of- life 1ral been dull and hard, and laborious. . He was to go back to. London next morning by . th# . first train, and although the Vidfc prcsJsd him to remain, and even Celia put in a kindly word, he stuck to his intention.' 1 . 44 My practice is not of a kind that will . . bear. being trififed with," be. said, when b . thanked Mr. Clare for his proffeved hospitality. - 4t The few remunerative patient I haVe' be quick to take offence if they fancied A f neglected them." 44 But you give- yourself a holiday. ,80xa», times, I suppose," said Mrs. Clare, whdie . large maternal heart had a kindlfesli&g.foz; 111 young men because her eon -belonged .to that section of society. i4 You go to stay, trlth ' your relations, now und then, don'Dyou'V" 44 No, my dear Mr. Clare, I do:"i!iot-att'i' for the best of all reftahh?/ X haYelnw tions. I am the' last twig of 1' 44 How sad," replied tho vicar wife... . y. Celia echoed' tht sigh, And loohed'cOmpifA? slonately at the surgeun, attd cOXaptuion4. la "; Celia's blue eyes Was a sentiment. nW.mafi-cauld, . afford to despise. - ' 44 If you will let me come again tome dqy when I have made a little progress in- my prtiv > fission you will be giving me 9vinetliiig pled: ' ant to look forward to," suid Gerard. 44 My dear fellow, we shall alway be glad kt > see you," the Vicar answered, heartily. % i\ strikes me you are the kind of friend my toil wunt->." % 