BUSHRANGING IN TOWNS. It is, without any question whatever, the duty of the authorities to put down with as high a hand as possible the disposition displayed in nearly every part of the country to emulate the proceedings of the notorious Kellys, and to impersonate one or other of the members of the gang. This sort of thing is being carried to such a pitch that brigandage in this colony promises to be come a popular pursuit. A ruffianly fellow, who has not been long discharged from Mr. Gale's establishment, visited Lloyd's Arcade Hotel on Saturday night, and representing himself to be Stephen Hart, one of the Strathbogie murderers and marauders, ob- tained food and drinks from the landlord, and attempted to carry all before him with a high hand after the fashion of the bush- rangers. Constables Gleeson on arriving on the scene soon put an end to his proceed- ings, and if there had been a man or two of the stamp of Gleeson at Jerilderie, it is more than probable that the career of the Kellys would ere this have been brought to an end. The soi disant bushranger was lodged in the lock-up and was brought before the bench yesterday, the Police Magistrate presiding. Now we cannot help thinking that if the offence of which he was guilty had been committed within the districts over which Mr. Panton has jurisdiction, steps would have been taken to have meted out to him a severe and well-deserved punishment. He was brought up, however, on the simple charge of having been drunk and dis- orderly, and the bench saw fit to let him off with a nominal fine of ten shillings, with the alternative of three days' imprisonment. Why, the scoundrel deserved a three years' sentence, with flog- gings. The bars of our hotels are not always efficiently protected, females often being left in charge up to the time of closing. To what fearful insults may not these persons be subject if acts such as the delin- quent in question was guilty of are to be passed over as being of a venial character? The next thing we shall hear of will be the invasion of private houses by ruffians of this class, and very serious con- sequences through shocks from fright may be expected. We fail altogether to see why this unscrupulous scoundrel, taken red- handed in the commission of one of the gravest offences against society, should have been dealt with with such extreme leniency. We think the police are greatly to blame for allowing him to slip through their fingers as they have done. The intimidation of peace- ful citizens, after such a fashion, must not be permitted. We submit that a man who sets himself up to act Kelly, should be punished even as Kelly himself would be for his minor offences. Drunkenness cannot be, or ought not to be, allowed to be pleaded in defence of such proceedings. As a matter of fact, the evidence goes to show that the man was not drunk when he entered Lloyd's house. He went there with the deliberate intention of bouncing the landlord out of a meal and drinks without paying for them. He ordered visitors to the hotel to bail up after the approved style of modern bush- ranging, and conducted himself altogether quite in accordance with the general doings of the Kellys. To charge him with having been only drunk and disorderly and to punish him merely for that offence is an absurdity of which we are surprised the police on the one hand and Mr. Webster on the other should have been guilty. This fellow will be let loose on society the day after to-morrow, and we certainly think the local authorities will be in no small degree respon- sible for any atrocities his vicious propensities may lead him to commit. Why was he not charged with robbing Mr. Lloyd, and with acting in a lawless manner, putting people in fear of their lives! The commu- nity may well complain that it has no guarantee of safety from the very worst feats of ruffianism, when a fine of ten shillings is deemed sufficient to condone for as outrageous an act as the veritable bush- rangers themselves indulge in when they are not murderously imbruing their hands in blood, or engaged in robbing banks and stores by force of arms. THE EXHIBITION.—To-morrow the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition is to be opened bv His Excellency the Governor, and fitting prepara- tions have been made to ensure the affair passing off with éclat. The building yesterday from early morning until late at night pre- sented a very busy appearance, and a vast amount of work was got through. The exhibits fairly rolled in, and it was pleasant to notice that not only are the citizens of Sandhurst evincing a determination to have the city well represented, but that the exhibits from Mel- bourne and other places were largely increased yesterday. Amongst those from Melbourne we noticed that Messrs. Edwards and Kaul, manu- facturing gold and silver smiths of Collins-street west, Melbourne, have not only fulfilled, but exceeded their promise, to send a collection of silverware, jewellery, etc. It will be remem- bered that some time ago in response to the application ot the committee to them to exhibit, they agreed to do so, and intimated that they would manufacture a massive silver epergne, to weigh 150 ozs., specially for the Sandhurst Exhibition. This they have done, and an additional one, which weighs 120 ozs., and a vase 60 ozs. Last evening the exhibits were being set out under the superintendence of Mr. Kaul. Our local silversmiths and jewellers—Messrs. Joseph Brothers and Mr. Moody—are also large exhibitors, and this por- tion of the exhibition will be a great attraction. The picture gallery—the Town Hall—now looks very well. The model locomotive and traction engine have arrived from Ballarat, and also a working model of a crushing machine. The latter is a very interesting exhibit, and shows the complete working of a ctushing plant. THE "STEVE HART" PERSONATOR.—The man Richard Dowsey, whose strange behaviour at Lloyd's Arcade Hotel, Hargreaves-street, on Saturday evening, was alluded to in our last issue, was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday on a charge of having been drunk and disorderly. It will be remembered that the man attempted to personate Steve Hart, a member of the notorious Kelly gang, in the bar of the hotel named on Saturday evening. In addition to the statements already published, the man remarked that his horse, which he had left in Mitchell-street, had five revolvers strapped to the saddle, together with a rifle. Mr. Lloyd stated in court yesterday that the man was not intoxicated at the time of the occurrence, although he said that he had been drinking heavily for two days previously. The bench, after taking evidence, inflicted the very lenient fine of 10s., or three days' impri- sonment. MR. JOHN CAPPER.—By the s.s. Durham further news has been received in Sandhurst from Mr. Capper, who a short time back left on a trip to England for the benefit of his health. The letter is in every respect satisfactory to Mr. Capper's friends. It conveys the intelligence that his health has materially improved, and further that he hopes soon to return to the colony in a state of convalescence. FIRE AT ELPHINSTONE.—We are informed by a gentleman who arrived in Sandhurst last night by the 11.15 train from Melbourne that just previously to the train passing that place the hotel and store opposite the railway station had been burned to the ground. "WEEKLY ADVERTISER."—The Weekly Ad- rertizer, which will be published on Friday next, will contain the full account of the visit of his Excellency the Governor and the opening of the Industrial Exhibition. THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT.—A telegram was re- ceived last evening from the Acting- Chief Secretary by Mr. Macdougall, to the effect that His Excellency the Governor had consented to the arrangements made by the City Council. He will arrive in Sandhurst at 11.15 a.m. and leave at 9 p.m., not as previously announced arrive at 11.45 a.m. and leave at 8 p.m. STATE SCHOOL HOLIDAY.—To-morrow having been been gazetted a public holiday, the Board of Advice desire usi to intimate that the public schools will be closed on that day. EXCURSION TRAINS.—Our Melbourne corres- pondent, writing last night, says:—An altera- tion has been made in the railway arrangements in connection with the opening of the Sandhurst Exhibition, and trains will run at excursion fares on the day previous to the ceremony from all the stations, including those on the Echuca and Ballarat branch lines, which were before excluded. Excursion tickets will also be issued for the first trains on Wednesday from all stations near enough to Sandhurst to allow the persons using them to reach that city in time for the ceremony. MRS. HOSKING'S FUNERAL.—The remains of the late Mrs. Hosking were interred in the Back Creek Cemetery yesterday afternoon. The funeral obsequies were conducted by Mr. W. Farmer, of McCrae-street, and the hearse and mourning coaches were followed by about 20 private vehicles. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett officiated at the grave, and delivered an appro- priate address on the occasion. The scene at the grave was one of a truly distressing charac- ter, and many of those present not liable to be accused of weakness were moved to tears. The opened grave exposed to view the four little coffins containing the remains of the children of the deceased. On the brink stood the bereaved husband with the last little child of such tender years as to be happily unconscious of her great and irreparable loss. The picture was one that evoked the utmost degree of sympathy from the spectators. It was a sad thing to reflect that that pale man, stricken to the heart with a great grief, yet shedding no tear, was watching the interment of one dearer to him than all besides in the world, with her four children, who had preceded her to the infinite life be- yond the finite limits of our mortality, holding in his hand that of the last little link between himself and the departed. The funeral party returned from that sad seene with feelings of deep sorrow and of great depression. Licensing Court - M. Webster, P.M., pre sided at the Licensing Court yesterday, in the adjourned application of Bruce v, Collins, Mr. Rymer was informed that the case would be adjourned for a week, as Mr. Hughes had applied to the Supreme Court for the case to be heard in Banco. J'Atriek JIavlin was granted a temporary license for the Agricultural Show, on t'iie £Sth and "2flth instant. A temporary license was also granted to 11. Martin for the exhibition booth. The application of William Thomas, Cohuna, for a publican's license was granted, as also those of B. R. Wilson and C. D. Gray, Koondrook. Susan A. Boyle's application was adjourned for a fortnight. The transfer of tho license held by James SUadbolt to W. Smith, for the ltoyal Hotel( Myers1 Creek, was agrocd to. J, ]I. Craig and Drake were granted a license And temporary license respec tively. The former was in the parish of Boort and the latter at Axedale. Youthful Desperados.—Last evening about hali-past eight o'clock an apparently un offending native of tho Flowery Laud was pro ceeding to hia homo at Golden- square, and when about midway between the Golden-square police rtation aud Punch's Hotel he was accosted liy two young scamps, wiio boldly demanded that the Celestial should give them sixpence. The Chinaman is employed at the Golden-square State School, of which Mr. Falliser is head in^ter, every evening until a late hour in sweeping and cleaning the school rooms. To the demand made, to bun by the young larrikins he demurred, and the latter, therefore, pro ceeded to enforce their claim with rough usage. John cried out lustily, and a person happening to pass on horseback at the momcut the juvenile rullians desisted in their attempt, and slunk away in the darkness. The spot where the occurrence took place is a lonely part of tho road to Kangaroo Flat, aud the lamps around are so few aud far between as to be almost useless. Death of Mr. William Moore. - We re- gret having to announce the demise of an old and respected resident of this district - Mr. Wil- liam Moore, younger brother of Mr. Thompson Moore, M.L.A.. The deceased gentleman had been suffering from a painful ailment for some time past, and had been treated by Dr. Williams, of Melbourne, and appeared to be getting on well. He left his residence at Boort some two or three weeks ago for the purpose of proceeding to Inglewood, but at the latter place he again became unwell, and resolved to come down to his brother's residence at Golden-square, for the purpose of obtaining medical assistance. He placed himself under Dr. Macgillivray, who determined upon performing an operation upon the deceased gentleman who was placed under chloroform for the purpose. The operation was accomplished on the 13th instant, but sub- sequently Mr. Moore gradually became worse; losing all feeling. He lingered on until Sunday morning last when he expired about eight o'clock. The symptoms of the disease not being considered serious, his wife was not called to Sandhurst until shortly before Mr. Moore died, and she was unable to arrive in time to see him alive. Naturally the shock to Mrs. Moore's feelings under these distressing circumstances was very great. The deceased was 43 years of age, but has left no children. He arrived in the colony over twenty years ago, and about three years back he selected some land at Boort, where his home has since been. The funeral cortoge left Mr. Thompson Moore's residence yesterday afternoon for the Kaugaroo Flat Cemetery, where interment took place. The burial ser- vice was performed by the Rev. J. King, of Sandhurst. The members of the L.O.R., Olive Branch Tent No. 2, of which society Mr. Moore was P.C.R., preceded the hearse to the grave. The Orville Murder: - The inquest upon the body of the man J. Scott, who was found dead in his bed at Murphy's Flat, near Molia- gul, on the 10th inst., will be resumed this morning at the Welcome Inn by Mr. R. Strick- land at nine o'clock. It will be remembered that the inquest was adjourned to enable the police to follow up a slight clue which they had obtained, which it was hoped might lead to the discovery of the murderer. With reference to the murder the M. and D. Advertiser of yester- day says:- Nothing has yet been heard of the murderer of Mr. Scott, at Orville, which is occasioning a great deal of uneasiness in the public mind. The police are inquiring and searching in all directions. During the last two days two detectives have been in Maryborough, but have now gone on to Dunolly. St. Luke's Church.—Tlio Rev. Canon Mac Cnllagh preached at. St. Luke's, White Hills, on 23rd instant, at three o'clock, to a large and appreciative congregation. Tlie rev. gentleman delivered a very instructive and impressive dis course from -1st chapter of St. Jjtike's Gospel, and the lirst four verses. Although the sermon was principally desigued for children, yet it was generally most instructive. The rev. gentle man also addressed the eonlirmees about to be confirmed at the Bishop's approaching visit to Sandhurst, by explaining to them the nature and importance of the rite. Immediately after the sermon Canon MaeC'ullagh presented (on behalf of St. Luke's congregation) to Mrs. Pear son a beautiful album, in token of tlieir appre ciation of her services (gratuitously rendered) to the church. The two sacraments were admini stered. New Flour Mills.—We feel great pleasure in recording in these columns the enterprise of any citizens, and always note with pleasure additions made to the architectural improve ments of the city. During the last six mouths a line building has been erected by .Messrs. XV. Webb and Co. as a Hour mill, at the corner of Williamson and Dovvling streets. The building is certainly an ornament to that part of the city, and a decided acquisition to the district. We intended to furnish our readers with a descrip tion of the premises and mechanical appliances introduced. A member of our staff called upon Mr. Webb for the purpose of obtaining the necessary particulars, but a refusal was given to supply any information on the subject for the present, though Mr. Webb promised that all particulars should be placed at, future date. Saturday Excursion Trains.—On ami after Saturday, the 5th April, during. the winter months, the issue of tickets at Saturday excur sion fares will be discontinued. The Exhibition Procession".— By advertise ment in ;iuotlier column the members of various lodges are requested to meet at their respective lodges on Wednesday morning, lor the purpose of joiuing in the procession which is to be formed in connection with the reception of llis Excellency the Governor on the occasion of his visit to Sandhurst for the purpose of opening the exhibition. Coope'.s Akt Uisi'iubutiox.—Mr. O. D. Coope, of Mitchell-street, notifies by advertise ment that ho has started a scheme for the dis tribution of a grand collection of oil paintings, oleos, and choice engravings, to the full value of .C250. The number of tickets to be sold is 5,000, at is. each, and the drawing will take place prior to the close of the. exhibition, at which several of the prizes will be exhibited. A good number of tickets have, ive understand, already been disposed of. DfisiLiQuis Court.—Our local correspondent writes:—The district court closed on Friday evening. There had been upwards of 40 case. disposed of. The jury ca.se of Armour, laud agent, v. Johnston, oue of the aldermen here, for slander, resulted in a verdict for plaintiff fur £20 damages. The declaration claimed £2UU, The case was twice tried. The lirst jury dis agreed, and were discharged, after being locked ui) for six hours. Co-operative Ac.rucuLTijKAL Worm-:.—A meeting of the Bendigo Co-operative Agricui- | tural Implement Works Company will be lieltl ■ this evening at the Foresters' Hall, Goldeu ! Square, 1 Notk.'E to JS.xituin'oii.s. —\Vo direct the particular dtterttioll Of (iofsiliis" intending to exhibit Articles it the Industrial J'lx liibitfJH to the fact that exhibits will not bo received after live o'clock this. o,fw iioou. Otvin< J to a large mnhi.v-'' of the 'o':al exhibits having oi;ly been suit in during the past day o'v two, the men engaged in arranging ti'cui'liav-e been greatly, retarded, and they have sufficient work on hand now to keep them busily employed up to the hour of opening. Tin: KN't; null AIa 11..—Tlie R.M.S. 'i'.uijoie arrived oil' Cape Borda at ten minutes past tour o'clock yesterday moniiii!,', and u'as in sijjlit oil' GlencdH.1t a, miarter to twelve, OoiUlKSPo.s-Di'.NCi%—'l'lie writer of the hitter signed " Man ami Wife " Iris entitled to enclose his name anil address: lii consetuniice of this neglect the tetter is not published. 1'ttB Exhibition- SnAsox.— Jn .various parts of the city we observe 'that s|j«<*ir.l preparations are being made by the leading hotelkeep^rs am! other hu-MNflsii people for the exhibition season. Mr. >). 1 h-Hernac, of.the. Victoria Hotel, lias had his. premises thoroughly renovated, and tin: eiFcct of the alteration is most pleasing. Mr. Burridge, of the Beehive Hotel, has alfin bad the appearance of his leviathan estab lishment considerably improved by tiie applica tion of the painter's brush, and donbtle.-s the Kxchange will prove a feature-of interest to visitors,more especially those hailing from thesis tergoldtields. We observe also that Mr.-^awerSj of the Metropolitan Hotel, has had his premises repainted, and the building now prc.-SoiUs a very neat appeahuitfe. in SeViH'al other instances also impnivtfnietitS I'mve been made in one way Or Another, and considerable attention has been paid to those in the neighbor hood of tluv exhibition building to the pro viding of extra accommodation to meet the demands which .it is expected will be made by the large number of visitors who will be at tracted to Sandhurst by the exhibition. The excursion trains, wc notice from a paragraph furnished by oil'' Melbourne correspondent, will continence tunning to-day, but probably there Will not be a groat number of visitors arriving until after the opening, as the notice of the alteration in the railway arrangements has been very brief. Omtuaky.—Oar Sydney telegrams announce the death of His Lordship the Bishop of New castle, which event took place yesterday even ing. Tub "BtAf'KSjUTi^s tiiiKAM.'—The proprie tor of the lilever mechanical combination known As "Tile Blacksmith's Dream," and which caused so much amusement when it was exhibited a few mouths back in the Agricultural Show Ground, is at present in Sandhurst, with the 'object, we believe, of endeavoring to make terms with the Exhibition Committee so as to enable him to hold his show within the fence surrounding the exhibition. Kasteu Fair Committee.—A meeting of the executive committee of the lias tor Fair will be held this evening at half-p;ist seven o'clock. Tho general eomntittee will meet at eight o'clock. The Volunteers.—The members of the Ben digo Volunteer Kille Corps, band included, .ire requested to meet at the Orderly-room to-morrow morning, at ten o'clock, for the purpose of forming a guard of honor to his Kxcellency the Governor 011 his arrival here, for the purpose of opening the exhibition, Shakos and white covers are to worn on the occasion. Donation".—The superintendent of the Bene volent Asylum, with thanlcs, ackno.wlcdges re eeipt of ;i parcel of illustrated papers, for the inmates, from .Mr. J. T. HilJ, Pall Mall. Tiik Wkathek.—Tlie temperature was ex ceedingly high yesterday ami the ' day [ oppres sively warm. Tiiore was scarcely any wind till evening, when a light breeze set in from the north-west,' which cooled the atmosphere somewhat. • ! ' '' Dk.vm ok Mrs. J. N. Macartney.—It is with regret that we have to record the demise, ■ ou Sunday last, of the wife of -our- old- and respected townsman, Mr. J. N. Macartney, so well known in former years as a councillor of the Sandhurst Borough, and as being the author of "The Bendigo Uoldliekls Registry." The deceased lady was highly esteemed and re spected. Excursion-.—Tlie Bullarat Star understands tliiit it 15 proposed by the members of the local High I Hours' Association to get up au excursion to Sandhurst shortly. Tr.UTIl' .Returns.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns, for the week ended 20th March, show the following results, the number of milas open being 1,071, as against 967 in the corres ponding period of 1S7S:—No. of passengers— 1S7S, 51,7(30; 1S79, (50,333. Total returns for week ended 20th .March, £24,34-1 (>3. 5d.; for corresponding period, 1S7S, £22,475 (is. 2d. Ag gregate to date from 1st July, £1)00,215 4s. lOd.; for corresponding week in IS7S, £SS5,007 5s. (id. Weekly average (3S weeks)—1S79. £20.479 Get. lid.: 1S78. £23.289 13s. 4d. ArrfUi..—In tlio Full Court yesterday (our Melbourne correspondent informs its), ill the ease of the Queen v. Webster and Bruce, Mr. D. A. Hughes moved, on affidavits of John Collins and Catherine Collins, for a rule to show cause why a prohibition should not issue to restrain the execution of an order mado by Mr. Webster, P.M., on Monday, {he 17th instant, under section 103 of the Licensing Act, whereby he proposed to authorise an agent of Mr. Bruce to carry on the business of the Cumberland Hotel for the remainder of the year. After a discussion 011 the law and facts, the matter was adjourned for further allidavits to supply all that depositions, if taken ill the case, would have disclosed. St. James's Hall.—Tin's placo of amusement was opened last night by "a »rnnd variety troupe," as entitled by advertisement. There was not a very large attendance, owini; probably to people beeping in reserve for the exhibition festivities. The various members were greeted with hearty expressions of approval for their respective performances, and Miss Kamsden's skipping rope dance was received with marked favor. Several favorite sentimental and comic songs were rendered in excellent style. Mdlle. Oracle's during f eats of suspension by lier teetli 011 the Hying trapeze excited wonder and admi ration, and she was loudly cheered. Mr. Krank Summer's American song and dance, and his song of " LJoor Paddy " were very warmly re ceived, and Mr. Holland, in his descriptive songs of "The old sexton," and "Simon tii ■ cellarer," met with considerable favor. Mr. Jl. (loft'deuced his celebrated sand jig and Irish" jig in a, remarkably clever manner. This evening the company will be strengthened by (he ad dition of three or four Melbourne artists, and a choice programme will be gone through. .L.—There was a very large, attend ance of ladiefi and gentlemen at tile Town Hall last evening for the final rehearsal of the '• Song of Progress " and the choral march, which pieces are to be performed at the ceremony of the opening of the Sandhurst Industrial Inhibi tion. The rehearsal passed o(T very successfully and was listened to by a largo number of persons outside the hall. Mr. S. Lamble, baritone, 1ms been engaged to sing the solo parts. 1'noMUNAUE Conchht.—To-morrow evening a grand promenade concert will be held ;,t the orderly-room in connection with the 'Sandhurst City Firs Brigade. Dancing to commence at eight o'clock. Tub Ghost Exteutai.\\.me.\t.—There was auotlier good house at the Masonic Hall last evening to witness D'Arcy iiuad's ghost enter tainment. A change was made in tlie pro gramme, the perfouilaiico commencing with Tobiu's novel phantasm, entitled, " Vc Past, Present, and Future." A small teut is erected on the platform enclosed with curtains, which, being drawn, discovers a table, upon which Mr. D'Arcy Read places a square box, and, after in forming the audience that the Past will be repruseiitcl by Socrates, proceeds to unlock the box, disclosing tiie head of Socrates, but the body is nowhere to be seen. The Present is supposed to be a fast youug lady of the period, who sings "I want a mvcetheart," and "Who wants a wife';'' and is then carefully carried off. The box, on being again placed on the table, discovers the Future in the person of an ancient dame, " Last scene of all that ends this strange eventful history." Song, "I'm niuotv-live." Mrs. D'Arcy Head personated the Present and and Future, and sang the songs in good style, and was loudly applauded. The Phantom Christys followed, anil the entertainment con cluded with "The Haunted House." Tno same programme will be repeated this eveninir. Stati: uf IIix Majestv's Oaoi..—1Tiu-. follow ing is the weekly state of iler Majesty's Haul, Sandhurst, for the week ending 22iul March 1S70:—Last return, GO males; 20 female*. Since received, IS males; 3 females; total, 7S males, 23 females. Siuce discharged, 1-1 males, -i females. Total now in, (i-t males; 1!) females. Classified as follows:—Trial, 1 male; 1 female. Remanded, 1 male; 1 females. Default of lines, etc., 12 males, -1 females. Default of sureties, (i males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 15 males, :> females. Hard labor, 21) males, 'j females. The Eastku Diiamatic Season.—A11 the arrangements in connection with' the season to be given by the Sandhurst City Dramatic (Jlnii at the Royal Princess Theatre in Easter week, have been completed. The casts of the different dramas which they produce during the week in clude the names of Messrs. G. A. Ooletnaii, G. II. Jfobson, II. T. Walton, P. U. llanrahan, S. II. Dalton, and Miss 15. M. Ward, of Sandhurst, together with Messrs. W. A. and Windaj, M. T. Wade, Miss (J. Herbert (Mrs. W. A. Wiudas), Miss G. lUgtioKl, and Miss li, J. Josephine, who comes from Melbourne expre-sly to perform. The club will also be assisted by Mr. F. Coates, La Petite Roberts, and Mr J. K. Weller. This gentleman has kindly given his services for the whole reek, and will also act as stage manager. All the above ladies, ami gentle men will appear in their original and successful parts, and with such a good bill provided—a change of programme every night—they should draw crowded houses. The well-known theatrical cdtfbritios, Mr. ami Mrs. A. Dampier, and their children, Ito-;c and Lily Dampier, arrived on Friday from London, iu the steamship Durham. , -ran Sa vises Rank.—At t.ho hleetiiig of the | fcl'UHteoa of tl\ Kriday afternoon, wel'e received Mr tho position of,clerk in tlio bank. there \Vei-c no.fcvyev than f?'2 applications sent in, ami after .1 ballot been taken it resulted in tiie election of -Mr. C!eo. IX Moudell, who has had ■about live years' experience in banking business, ami is a son of Mr. Mendel], the manager of the Manic of Victoria, Sandhurst. Dkatk in Tan Bhsuvomint A.svr.u.ir.—-The superintendent reports the decease of Giuiio Xoada, aged GS, native of Switzerland, on tho 'J.'lrd instant from ohronio disease of the brain, admitted eolony in !837, per 11 Tornado," from Liverpool. Tin: Diamond i)itiu„ —1Tho v.-orhnVen at the diamond drill on tho (front .Southern lease, Were : unsuccessfully employed durinjf Saturday and Monday in endeavoring to recover some more of the lost diamonds. .Mr. Jfeu'inan now thinks that they have bocn cither crushcd or jjofc out of the way, iiorinij operations will be recommenced this morning. Uixmuvk)). — We have received from Mi*. M. L. ^ Hutchinson, oi Collins-street, Melbourne, " iiic Koyal Album," which contains portraits of the member.-* of the Uoyat Family, and ('*Our road* to India,*' illustrated in tu'olvo views, l.he latter engraving are very neatly executed, and aflord a good idea of some of the sights to be witnessed on tho route indicated. ( Auiuc'ui-tur.'!; And rAsrcKAi, Csioy. —Ah bfiort is now being made, wc understand from a circular which has been sent us, to form, an Agricultural ami Pastoral Union. The. project has not .yet advanced beyond the initiatory stage, the present object being to place the subject before a few practical and influential gentlemen in various parts of the colony, in the hope that they may consent to become members of a Provisional Committee in their respective districts, when arrangements could bu made for holding meetings throughout the colony, and the subject of the formation of a union could be freely discussed, and an association, based upon the resolutions of the majority of those interested, established. The functions of the association will be to adopt a complete system of registration of all matters coming within the range of the association^ and to secure (if possible) by combination more eipiiil and satisfactory set prices for grain, farm produce, stock, etc.; to atl'ord early and general information at all times to ir embers only; and for the advancement of agricultural and grazing pursuits generally. A Decayed Municipality.—Sinco the dee iu tho fortunes oC Sebastopol which lias con .about of late years (says the Star) it lias be -repeatedly urged by many people interested its welfare that tbe expense of keeping up dndopeudent municipal establishment might done away with very advantageously to t Ratepayers, who would be very well served •being included as residents in the city ol Ballarat or the shire of Buninyong. It is no rumored that some steps are being taken in t borough itself towards bringing about annexation to Biuiinyongshire. Anotia;u Fatal IIaiiavav Accident.—The Staweli correspondent of the Argius, telegraph ing ou Sunday night says :—Another fatal .accident occurred on tho Staweli to Horsham railway last night. A gatekeeper named White, who kept the gate at the place known as Mickey's Wateriiolcs, about 20 miles from Staweli, left his wife at tho cottage, and went out for the purpose of allowing tho white light, as a-special goods train was passing. The night was dark, and as the man did not return, his wife followed to learn the reason of his non appearance. She found her husband lying alongside the rails in an unconscious state. Assistance was obtained, aud as soon as possible White was put upon a trolly and conveyed to the Pleasant Creek Hospital, but he died when passing the Deep Lead. It was found on examination that the skull of the deceased was fractured, and a portion of the bone missing. It is surmised that tho man must have stood in too Close proximity to the rails while showing the light. SUB-lettixo Contracts.—'fhe Minister of Public Works has h;ul the subject of the work ing men's deputation to Ministers lust Friday, viz., the sub-letting of building contracts fully inquired into. It has been found (states tho Aye) tlmt there is good reason to believe that the abatements niu.de by the workmen respect ing the prevalence of the practice of sub-letting are well founded, and the Minister has given instructions for the public works reguhit'ons to be enforced to the fullest extent. These regu lations make ample provision for the prohibition of sub-letting, which is found to operate very injuriously as regards the quality of the work done, and should the workmen co-operate with the department in enforcing the regulations it i3 difficult to see how the evils which have been complained of can any longer oxisfc. Mr. I'atterson is determined to do his duty in the matter, and tho existence of regulations of such a speciflO' Character as those relating to tho carrying out of public works are found to be • leave him no option as to tho coiti'sc ho should pursue. Tho Miniug Accidents Statute appears to bo strictly enforced in South Australia. John J Roberts, the miuer wlio on the 14th November last caused tho death of three of his fellow workmen at Moonta, by neglecting to give them notice of a shot lie was about to fire in the eighty-fathom level of that mine lias, Soys the Adverlistr, received a sentence of two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Fike.—The Dunolly correspondent of the Arrju* telegraphs :—Ou Friday night at Golds Uorough, Mr. Michael Walla' Commercial Hotel was totally destroyed, with all coutents. The proprietor's daughter and t\fo ledsctra narrowly escaped. Mr. Walls was ill Dtmoll'/ when the lire oeeurre:l. The origin is not known. All the lights were put out when the inmates went to lied. A Sad Case. —Rumors of a heartrending ami horrible occurrence at Uathscar (nays the A uo'ca ilfnil) have been freely circulated throughout the district for the last few* days, On enquiry, « learn that Ilr. M'Malum was called upau at a late hour on .Sunday night to attend the accouchement of a young woman named Smith, twenty-two years of age, who, it is alleged, was seduced by a State school toucher at ifathscar named Watson, under promise of marriage; that Watson deferred the ceremony until after having passed his examination as a teacher of the lirst-class, and on a subsequent occasion ill consequence of illness; that deceased went to Melbourne, nursed sedueor there, and re turned to her relatives at liathscar, pregnant, and utterly broken down in health; that deceased told her Mster, a Mrs. .Rowland, of Kathscar, that Watson had dru^ed her with medicine to procure abortion, followed her to the railway station, unlocked her trunk, and tool; therefrom vials and other evidences of his guilt. This is the talc an told by Mrs. Row land, and it only remains to be said that the miserable young woman expired within a few minutei after i)r. M'Mnhoii'a arrival, having been previously delivered of one cliild, ami remaining undelivered of another. The police authorities at Avoca having been moved to make inquiry are reported to have stated that they are powerless in the matter owing to the young woman's death. We trust we have been wrongly informed respecting the inability of tile authorities to take cognisance in this sad case. If the facts as narrated by Mrs. Rowland be true, and that no action can be taken, an eniirniuu.-i wretch will escape punishment, while a magisterial investigation, on the other hand, would all'^rd the accused ail oppiu'Uioity of re lieving himself of the odium attached M his name, should the statement ill ide by tile lie osa^e I's sister be untrue. Hj that as it may, the case is one which should be investigated in the interests of society. (IKEAT IJl.Si.'OVKUY -VT THK Flril! RlVKll C.WK.S. — 'i'iio following interesting letter has been banded to the Si/ilnci/ Iietntwj JVi'».vi tor publication:— "The iion. the Minister for Lands.—Sir,—I have the honor to inform you that I have discovered a new cave in connection with the Rinda Caves, Kish Kiver Ore.-k. It i-* a splendid cave, which far ex'eeeds any cave that I haw. ever seen or discovered before. The beauty of formation in it would be impossible for me to de scribe tu yon. I had to be lowered oo feet by a ropo to get into it. I was in it about eight hours exploring. I believe Uviv. is a rrve;vt deal of it to be discovered yet. There is a river of water about 10 feet wide and, ] foot deep. The water is as clear as crystal. I have 110 hesi ; tation in saying that this is one of the best eaves in Australia. Will you be so kind aa to have some money voted, so that 1 can have wire screening and other protection made to keep it from being destroyed l>y people walking on it. It is not my in ten tion to take over visitors to this cava lor some rime, until the necessary improvements arc done. I believe this cave is one of the prettiest sights in this colony. Would you lie so kind as to let me know if you can assist me in the preservation of this cave, so that I can have it made in places so that visitors will be conlinetl to a walk, so i.hat they eaunut leach the \>rctty fovinaUon. When then; are thirty or forty persons follow ing me, it is impossible for me to keep them from walking 011 some of the very prettiest parts of the formation. I have c-tie honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant (signed) Jkiikmiah Wii-soy, keeper of caves, Fish liiver Creek.— Lueindale, Fish Itiver Creek, 13th March." Sticiuu.—The Otdon;7 Adverlhcr states that the police received news on Sunday ui;;ht, after nine o'clock, tiiat ;i. man, whouc uaino is un known, was found on Sunday afternoon hang ing by tiie nock from the ociHn'1 of a cellar in an unoccupied house on the vineyard of -Mrs. Kru-rciy PollocksforJ.- Tho body, which is ji'iied to ba that of a man v.'i>o visited tho place about a mouth ayo. was in an advanced state of decomposition. and it was the smell arising from it that attracted the attention of those living at the vineyard. 