2TEWS OF TEE BAY. Several items of interest are contained .in our Knglish messages this morning. Tile woman c'atherino Webster, who murdered her mistress, Mrs. Thomas, at Richmond, about the becinuina of March last, has been exe- cuted. Tho murder wiil be remembered ne one of peculiar atrocity, as the manner of the disposal of the body was marked by many horrifying incidents. The woman endeavored to implicate other persons in the crime, for which there wa3 no apparent motive, but on investigation they wero dis charged and she alone was convicted. Siie acknowledged the justice of her sentence by confessing her guilt before she died. Major Cavagnari, now British resident at Cabtil, has received the reward of the services rendered by him during the negotiation of the treaty of peace with Afghanistan by his appointment to tho distiuc- . tiou of k.c.b. Alarm is caused by the out break of riots at l'hilippopolis in the excitable region of -the newly-established autonomous province of ltoumclia. The national hatred existing between the Bulgarians and Mussuhnans is already exhibiting itself, and unless promptly suppressed may lead to dangerous complications. The new Governor, Prince Yogorides, has a delicate duty before him. Opposition to the policy of postal sub sidies has been expressed by a deputation to the Chaucellor of the Exchequer ; but Sir Staf ford Northccic is .of opiniou that the subject may bo wisely postponed until Parliament has an opportunity of dealing with the question on a broad basis. a commencement lias been mado by the Eastern and Australian Telegraph- Extension Company towards the carrying wt contract for the cable dnpbcation, tho ml Scotia having arrived at Singapore duplicate cable to be laid- between and Banjoewangic. The duplicate cablefrom Penang to Singapore via Malacca is unaer stood to bo laid, but no oSaal intonation o the fact has yet been given. The first of the erie3 of official dinners riven by his Excellency to the members ana officers of Parliament was held last evening at Government House. The ordinary p was adopted of following the alphabetrca order in issuing the invitations. About torty- five members were present, the letter M being the dividing point Among the ri"" were the Speaker, 'the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Justice and Mr. Barker, Clerk of . the Asscmblv. The only toast was The Queen,, proposed by'his Excellency. A very enjoyable erening was passed. , In consequence of tho recent application made by the friends of David Henry, con- victed of embracery, to obtain his release, on. the CToond that his life was endangeredby imprisonment, theChlef Secretary gave instruc tions for a further medical report to be od- taiued as to Henry's condition, air. James M.ILC.9-, and Dr. James Robertson accord ingly visited the gaol, and having made a careful examination of the prisoner, and given the fullest consideration to the symptoms' of his disease, they report that, in their opinion, "his life will not be actually endangered by his further incarceration." This . settles tne« question a3 to whether the Cabinet should en tertain the proposal for Henry's release \ and it will doubtless put an end to ail agitation on the subject. Hia Excellency tho Governor, in pursuance of the advice of the Minister of Justice, yes terday authorised the discharge from gaol of Wm. Ireland, who was sentenced last Iv ovember to twf years imprisonment for embracery. The great literary manufactory opposite the Town Hall, which supplies ready-made lead ing articles for the couotry press, haa been making a parade by quoting tho articles it has so furnished as " The Opinions of the Press. - Of course there is a striking similarity in the "opinions" so expressed, and they are esti mated at their true value by those who aro in the secret. ThQBcndigo Independent isone of the few country journals, however, which canafford to have an opinion of its own on the questions of the day, and a grossly incorrect statement of the opinions of that journal on the Ministerial Reform Bill having appeared in the Argus , the Independent calls the literary delinquent to book in the following fashion : — " Wc shall let the other journals mentioned protect themselves, but wo challenge anyone to point out in our leading ar ticle of Thursday last anything that will lead to the impression that the bill is a com plete subversion of Parliamentary govern ment. Where we disagreed with the measure was that too much power is calculated to be given to the Assembly. We have ever main tained that the Lower House must play the leading part, but .have never advocated nor ever shall advocato a Council unable to exercise some controlling power over tho otber legislative branch. Of the plebiscite we spoke' in terms of commendation only a few day3 ago, and considered the nominee system worthy of trial. Throughout we keep in view the necessity of leaving a modicum of control ling power in the hands of the Council, and came to the conclusion that' with .this necesary alteration the bill would meet the general ap proval, and ultimately become law. But the Argus, who- during the last few days has shown an extraordinary liking for us, and has more than once endeavored to take us under its patronising wing, carefully sup presses all these facts. Were the plebiscite extended to tax bills and bills of supply, we would still more strongly bo in favor of the measure. "Why the Assembly desires to copy so closely the practice of the House of Com mons we can easily understand, but the intro duction of the plebiscite, a thing unknown at home, here brings in a rather different elo- inent. If the Council is to have no voice on money questions, then the people must have, and for that reason we hold the plebiscite should bo extended to money bills just in tho same way as it is intended it shall apply to general measures. A petition, signed by about 250 residents of East and West Melbourne, was presented to the Chief Secretary yesterday, by Messrs. A. K. Smitli and Zox, Ms.L.A who wero ac companied by several other gentlemen, asking that ex-Constables Rattigan and Huteliinson, recently discharged from the force for improper conduct while malting an arrest, should bo re instated. The grounds of tho petition were the previous good character of the men ; their long experience in dealing with the criminal classes ; the fact that they were married men, and had no other means of gaining a living ; that tho fine inflicted on Rattigan by the police court was in itsolf a sufficient punishment, and that nothing had been proved against Hutchinson. The petition was supported by Messrs. Mason and L. L. Smith, Ms.L.A., who bore testimony to the efficiency of the two men, and stated that their discharge had produced a bad moral effect on tho force. Mr. Berry said the appli cation was a very unusual one — what was asked being virtually to pass a censure on the bench of magistrates, and on tbo Chief Commissioner of Police. That ho would cer tainly decline to do, although he might take into consideration whether any evil effect had l>ecn produced by the course taken with regard to the men. Perhaps some other employment rouhl be found for the men by and by, and if it could, he would be glad to temper justice with mercy. The Pilot Board held an inquiry yesterday into the grounding oi tho barque Olivia Davis. Evidence was given that tho vessel went through the Heads at nine a.m. on the 25th July, and proceeded to Shoitland Bluff, when tho wind shied the vessel, which broke off about three points. The anchor was put down, but the voasol drifted and took the ground north of Queenscliff. About nine o'clock in tho evening the Albatross came to her assist ance, and the vessel was got Bafely afioafc again. The board found that the grounding was the result of an error of judgment on the part of the master of tho vessel, Captain Emerson, in not hauling down his fore-yard sooner and hauling down his head sails after having tripped his anchor, thereby bringiug the fiood-tido on 1m -port, which caused his vessel to go on shore. But the board thought tho error of judgment did not amount to negli gence, and therefore returned Captain Exner- eon his certificate. The Unemployed Board held their usual meeting yesterday at the Public Offices. A letter was received from the Public Works department informing the board that tho contractors for the new Law Courts had been induced to make such arrangements as would enable them to employ a considerable number of men shortly. Also, from the fehire of Bel fast stating that there was a great deal of dis tress in that district, owing to the partial failure of the potato and otber crops, the long prevailing low price of stock, depression of business and the general dearth of monpy, also to a great extent by large landholders being deterred by political causes from ex pending money on their holdings, on which in many cases hitherto large amounts had been expended iu reclamation of swampy land, &c.; Mr. Joseph Faulkner, of Faulkner and Sons, boot manufacturers, Fitzroy, was examined, and said business was duller than it bad been for the last twelve years. There were more people employed in bootmaking than were required, and more boots and shoes were being made than was necessary for the consumption. There were about 3000 or 4000 persons em ployed in the trade. He did not think the proposed increase in the tariff on boots and shoes would came a rise in the price of colon ial boots. The board adjourned until-to-day, Mr. P. A JenniDgB, tho executive commis sioner for the Now South Wales Exhibition, has been on a visit to Melbourne during the , Inst day or two, for the purpose of conferring with the Victorian Commission on matters relat ing to the two exhibitions. Ho was enabled to give some valuable information concerning tho preparations made by foreign countries for re presentation. The dato for opening the Sydney Exhibition has been definitely fixed for 1 7th September. At the public meeting to be held in the Town Hall on Friday evening on canalisa tion, the following resblutious will be sub mitted : — " That this meeting is of opinion that irrigation is an essential element of agri cultural success in Victoria " That the Go vernment of Victoria should provide the means of irrigation to the agricultural interests by public works, or allow privato enterprise to do so by Government aid." Several members of Parliament will be present. Concerning the cost of tho projected > new bridge oier the Yarra in place of Prince'a- bridge, " A Competitor" who has sent in a design writes to deny that the cost on the con ditions laid down would amount as alleged to over £100,000. He states that the estimate he sent in was far below that sum, and tho prices at which he made out the estimate wero so fair that if any contractor were to tender at prices above them lie would not have the ghost of a chauce of getting the job. Another correspondent, referriug to the statement that there was a probability that no design would be accepted iu view of a reduction of the pro posed width of the bridge from ninety-nine feet to sixty-six feet;, observes- that whatever. , might be regarded as the most desirable width, tie matter was one not left open to the judgment of competitors, the conditions 74 down the width at ninety-nine feet. o - cline designs for this reason only would, he contends, be clearly unfair to the competitors who have expended much time and labor on their.designs. The funeral of the late Mr. Finlayson, which took place at tho St. Kilda Cemetery veaterdav, was attended by a large concourse, the road between the deceased's residence and the burial ground being lined on both aides with spectators. The cortejr. started from Sonth Yarra early in the afternoon, and was .followed by a number of carnages, amongst which were those of many leading merchants of Melbourne, and the directors and share holders of the Hobson's Bay Company. The Attorney-General, as head of the Vic torian bar, h.-:i .received a circular from tne ceremonial c.,v ittcc of the Melbourne Inter- ; national Exhii. l..,n requesting tho representa tion of the legal profession at the Congress on Social Science proposed to bo held during the currency of the Exhibition. a meeting of the bar will be held at the Crown Law Offices on Tuesday afternoon at half-past four o clock. a rather Bensational incident occurred at the Windsor station on tho evening of Sunday last.. Just as the quarter-past eight train was about to start for Melbourne a woman ran frantically about the platform crying out that her husband was going to commit suicide, and upon examination a man was found lying on the rails- in front of the engine. _ The man was polled from his dangerous position, resisting violently, and locked up in the stationmaster s room. Had the woman been a minnte later in giving tbo alarm, there is no doubt the man would have been killedL Robert Spencer, aged fifty-six years, a ^la borer, residing at South Yarra, met with a severe accident yesterday morning, whilst at work on Messrs. c. j. and t. Ham's premises on the Orrong-road. He fell through the scaffolding at the top of the building on to some joists about fifteen feet below. On ad mission to the Alfred Hospital it was discoverd that he bad fractured several ribs, besides sus taining other severe internal injuries. The gentlemen appointed by the Govern ment as a committee to inspect the industrial and reformatory schools of Victoria visited the Jika reformatory schools yesterday. Mr. Panton, visiting justice to tho Pontridgo Stockade, attended yesterday at Pentridge lor the purpose of holding tlie quarterly inspection of the prisoners. About 600 wero examined, with their blankets thrown over their left shoulders. Amongst Buch a large number it Is creditable to this establishment that thero was not one complaint made. At the meeting of the Emerald-hill Town Council Inst night, the mayor moved that the council urge upon the Government the desir ability of handing over tho land required by the Harbor Trust Commissioners, to carry out Sir John Coode's scheme of harbor improve ments. The motion was carried. Accounts, amounting to £303s 18s. 9dm were passed for payment. At the Hawthorn Town Council meeting la3t 'night, the town clerk reported that tho hfljilr overdraft had been reduced to £524 10& 4d. The accounts passed for payment amounted to £147 Is. 2d. a correspondent furnishes us with the fol lowing extract from , a letter received by him . from a friend , holding a high position in the musical profession in Berlin, and who some time ago resided in Melbourne : — " v our Ex hibitions in Melbourne and Sydney are looked .forward to in Germany with increasing favor. 'The Imperial family and Government authori ties, and no less our old Australian colonists now residing there, are manifesting the greatest interest, and urging on manufacturers and others to contribute to tho fullest success by their exhibits. Among others, Mr. c. Bech- ,-Btein, of Berlin, by appointment solo maker of 'pianos for the Emperor, awarded the highest rewards obtainable, the great gold medal in Loii- don, is62,and the same distinction Paris, 1867, has been solicited and prevailed upon to again appear in the field at your Australian Exhi bitions, after having declined to take any part iu tho late ones at "Vienna, Philadelphia and Paris. a shipment, for Sydney, of his pianos is to leave in June. These instruments, so favorably known and appreciated wherever in troduced, combine every requisite to render them as perfect as is considered possible in fulness and brilliancy of tone, touch, and ele gance of appearance. The extreme caro in the solection of the materials employed, and iu the general construction, render them par ticularly adapted for changeable climates. Mr. Bennewitz von Loefen, one of Germany's great and famops landscape painters, also has been induced to send one of his best works, whicli will be sure to prove a great treat to all admirers and connoisseurs of this beautiful ark Manufactures in all branches will be re presented by the best makers of their kind." a meeting of the Carlton Reform and Pro tection League was held last night at the Lin coln Inn, Faraclay- stroet, the president in the chair. After the transaction of financial and other routine business, it was resolved that the league meet at tho same place on every alter- nate Tuesday, at eight p.m., the next meeting to take place on Tuesday, 12th August. It was further resolved that tho league give its support to Mr. Munro's bill for the readjust ment of tho electorate. The charity football match, on the.m.c.c. ground, on Saturday next, is now definitely arranged, the Hotham and Melbourne Foot ball clubs baring agreed to give their share of tho proceeds to the Hospital Saturday Fund. The committee of the m.c.c. have thus in augurated a Hospital Football Match, which, wo trust, will be an annual affair and provo highly beneficial to the charities. Great credit is due to the Hotham club for giving up their share of the match, as the club is not in funds, and looked forward to this match on the m.c.c. ground to place a little to its credit. All the regular money-takers, &c.;, give their services free, and thoy will' be asristc-d by volunteers from the cricket and football clubs ; and the wholo of the proceeds from the ground, stand and reserves (where it is intcudcd to place boxes for contributions by members and visitors) will be given to the charities. On Tuesday evening next there will be a novelty (so far as Australia is concerned) in tho shape of a football match by tlie cleetrio light. Arrangements havo been completed for a great exhibition of tlie light on the Mel bourne cricket ground, when at least five first- cluss machines, driven by Bteam-engines of high power, will all combine to light up the ground, and thero will be the largest display of out-door lighting that has ever taken placo here or elsewhere. Lieut. t. t. Draper, of .the Engineer Corps, will have the direction and superintendence of the machines; and as he has had a great deal of experience in them, nnd conducted &u; tho experiments for Mr. Ellery8 lectures at tho Public Library with great success, we have eveiy reason to believe "that he will carry out the agreement to have the ground lighted up completely and to make it as light as day. There will bo at least a power of 25,000 candles thrown on to tho playing ground. a grand military football match will take place between members of the East Melbourne Artillery and the Collingwood Rifles, and a tug of war between twenty picked men aside, chosen from each corps, will come off at half time. Captain Stubbs has consented to act as umpire for this contest. Tho commandant and officers of the local forces have given their patronage to tlie Affair, and volunteers are requested, on authority, to attend in uniform. Two military tands will perform during tlie evening. The Melbourne Cricket Club have just erected four more money boxes on the right of the entrance gates, so that there are sow ten ticket boxes, which should prove sufficient for any emergency, but tickets will also be sold at Messrs. Allan and Co.'s, and Mr. j. Gibson's, Collins-street ; and at the Melbourne Omnibus Company's Office, i Bouike-strcet. It has also been arranged, should the weather prove unfavorable, that the ; tickets will bo available for the following even- ' ing. a special lino of 'buses will run to the i ground from Bourke-strect, should it be neccs- i sary, for the occasion. a meeting of pawnbrokers was held last evening, at the Clarence Hotel, for the pur- j pose of forming a pawnbrokers' society. About j sixty were present. On the motion of Mr. s. ) Aaron, it was resolved tliat the society should ! be called tho Victorian Paivnbiokers' Protec- tion Society, and about fifty gave in their ! names as members, hlr. Hcaley was elected president, and a sub-committee was appointed to draw up rules. a public meeting was held last evening at the Sandridge Town Hall for the purpose of ; taking into consideration the proposed an- | negation of a portion of that borough ! to the town of Emerald-hUL The mayor of ; Sandridge, who was in the chair, explained that a petition was about to be presented to theGovernor-in-Council to annex the south por tion of Sandridge to Emerald-hill, and it was necessary some action should be taken. Cr. Burrowcfl .moved, "That this meeting Jepre- cates the proposal to annex lo the towu of "Emerald-hill that portion of the borough lying east of the lagoon as being alike detri- ; mental to the fiuancial and sanitary interests . of the borough, calculated to retard and hinder \ tho carrying on of improvements, and espo- ; daily unfair to the holders of Sandridge deben- j tures." He pointed out that whilst in Ememld- iiiU the debtper .Read was £ 3 IfisanhandndgQ. it was only 16s. per head. The resold tion was agreed to ; as was also the next re solution proposed by Mr. Smyth : — "That should the proposed annexation be effected, it is feared that the whole of the drainage from the eastern and southern parts of Emerald-hill would be conveyed into the Sandridge Lagoon, and constant menace to the health of the dis trict be thus established, nnd, therefore, in the opinion of this meeting, the annexation should be resisted to the utmost." It was furthet resolved — " That the borough council be re quested to use all practical means to prevent the proposed annexation, and if necessary taka steps under the provisions of the 4 Local Go vernment Act 1s71,' to cause a magisterial in quiry to be held as to the means adopted fci obtaining signatures to the petition for annex v tion." a meeting of the Royal Society was held last evening ; Mr. Karton in the chair. Mr, j. e. Edwards exhibited a new and improved microphone, invented by himself. a una, bcr of experiments were made, which proved most successful, the instrument transmitting sound most clearly and distinctly, even to allowing articulation to be noted. a short discussion followed, and Mr. Challon drew attention to the marked similarity between Mr. Elisha Gray's and Mr. Edwards's invent tion. Mr. Edwards stated that he had patented his invention in Victoria before Mr- Grav had patented his in America. mr; Challon said, ho merely drew attention td the fact, as illustrating that the runs idca3 must have occurred to these gentlemen almost at the same time. Mr. Josephs alsd made some experiments with professor Hughes's induction current balance, an in4 ventioa which was laid before the Royal Society of England at its May meeting.- th instrument is used for measuring the hearing of different individuals as well as measure ing the very fine differences in the weight of metallic bodies, For some time past it has been contecw plated by the boardB of management of tha Melbourne and East Melbourne Hebrew con gregations to hold a bazaar conjointly in aid of the funds nf both institutions, and th< matter was yesterday afternoon discussed at a meeting of ladles, members of both congrega tions, which was held at the vestiy-room oi the synagogue, Bourke-street west, and pre sided over by Mr. b. Benjamin. The attend! ance was very numerous, and it was unanii mously resolved to hold a grand fancy b&zaatf; and ball on an early date, at the Town Halty Melbourne, for tho object above stated. mm b. Benjamin and Mrs. Joseph Cohen werS respectively appointed to act as president and vice-president and treasurer of the ladies bazaar committee. The following ladies (witlf power to add to their number) were apj»ointcd to act as an executive committee : — Mesd;imes m. Hyman, h. p. Harris, m. Moss, s. mo nsj a. Waxman, d. Barnard, m. j. Cohen, jj Zucker, j. m. Rosenthal, j. Bamet, a Stern berg, j, a. Cantor, l. Barnard, j. Solomon. a. Loel and a. Levi. Messrs. If. Gross anq l. Pulver were then appointed to act as houoj rary secretaries. Tho ladies present then formed themselves into a general committee and it was agreed that the executive should meet on Tuesday next, at tlie vestry-room, Albert-street -Synagogue, to proceed furthei with the necessary arrangements. Notwithstanding the number of discharged prisoners who have been arrested while at tempting to plant tobacco, &c.;, on the Penal Establishment works, they still continue to runr the risk. Mr. William Murphy, warder aC Pentridge, on Wednesday morning found at packet containing several figs of tobacco, which had been successfully planted near the stone- breakers' heap in -the Stockade. Tho Rov. m. Watson, s.j., delivered an interesting lecture on Tuesday mght» iu tho Athcmeum Hall, on Andrew Hofer and the Patriots of the Tyrol, Dr. Brownless occupied the chair, . aud, in introducing the lecturer, stated that the proceeds were to be given to the building fund of St. John the Baptist's Church, Clifton- hill, on which £1000 had been already ex pended, and the further sum of £1000 was required to complete it for public worship. The rev. lecturer gave u preliminary descrip tion of the country and people of the Tyrol, and graphically described the exploits of hofcfi and his brave compatriots during the fearful struggles of fisou against the overwhelming forces of Bavaria and Franco. The betrayal, trial aud execution of llofcr in 1s10 v.cri vividly described. Voles of tlianks to tbs lecturer and tlie chairman were carried. j Some startling disclosures havo been raadof in the Insolvency Court, Sydney, respecting tlie 3.x.l. frauds. It will be remembered, re. marks tho Evening News, that Mr, joseph Tnrmnt, proprietor of the 3.x.e. drapery slurs in Pitt-street, levanted, aud left numerous sor- rowinir creditors behind. whew a scrutiny was made into his affairs it was discovered that Messrs. w. and s. Gardiner, the warehouse men, and Mr. h. r. Way, had seized nearly all the assets. Subsequently the estate was compulsorily sequestrated iu the Insolvency Court, and it waa found that the secured cre ditors had left the other creditors out in tho cold. After a rigid examination in the court, Messrs. Gardiner and Co. abandoned their se curities, but the other securities were paid uff out of tho realised assets. It now appears th&8 Mr. Tarrant, who lias been in Auckland, Newj Zealand, on reading tlie evidence published/ some time ago, determined to come to/ Sydney and make a clean breast of his transactions, 03 well ;w, to use hii words, expose those who have played at prominent part iu dealing with Ins estate after his departure. Among tho startling charges to be made is one alleging that ho (tare l-ant) was paid £400 or £5cu to go away oua of tho colony. At a meeting of the Benalla Shire Council on Monday, a letter was received from Samuel Menhennet, Samaria, "as manager of com mon," reporting three cases of closed roads, encroachment on common, and trespass of sheep by Robert Hewson. In respect to the roads, Hewson had four barricaded and fenced right across, so that cattle could neither get up nor down through the common for water or feed. By the roads being fenced he had thirteen acres of land that had been surveyed for roads. As to the encroachment on the com mon by two of these roads being closed, he had fenced in 155 acres of common. Men hennet, says the North-eastern Ensign, had pulled the fence down once, but Hewson put it up again, and insisted on running his sheep on the common, to the detriment of those paying for commonage. He did not pay sixpence for the support of the common. The writer asked the council to have the obstructions removed No action was taken in the matter by the council. Wc have received from Messrs. Fergusson and' Mitchell their Monthly Diary for August. We have received the sum of £1 from a. iv towards the Shopmen and Clerks' Relief Fund. The steam ferry which unites Witliamstown te the Short-road at the mouth of the Yarra will be closed till Monday next for repairs. Dr. Singleton acknowledges tho following dona tionstothe relief fund ; — Mr. Thos. Bmnton, £5/ "Honesty Appreciated," Is.; a. if., £1 ls. Mr. r. Harper will address tho electors 0i West Bourke at Pitchcs's Royal Hotel, Essendon, this evening. We havo received from Messrs. Dunn and lou lins a specimen of a cheap style of paint boi| suitable for young children. a meeting of supporters of Mr. Joseph Walklcy, a candidate for the Middle Waru, Hotham. was held last night at tho Lalla Booth Hotel. . , , _ , . The first annual ball and supper of the bakerf Employes Association was held at Hocsins Rooms, Elizabeth-street, last evening. Dancing was kept up with spirit for several hours. Mr. j. b. Perrins will address tlie ratepayer of tho western portion of Emerald-lull at the Boundary Hotel and the Talbot Inn tltaeveuingj at lialf-past seTen and half-past eight o'clock re spectively. . The City Organist will play the following selec tions this afternoon at four o'clock, namely Overture, Semiramide, Rossini ; andante in yi The Pilgrim's Song of Hope, Batiste, by special desire; opera selection, Bohemian Girl, grand march, Funebrc, Chopin, by desire ; ora torio selection, Messiah, Hamlcl; viz., Pastoral Bjmipbouy, chorus, And the Glory ; nual National Anthem. . . The monthly meeting of the committee oi tnf Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital was held vester day; ltev. James Miratns in the chair. Iho ac counts for the month, amounting to los- 4d., were passed for payment. The attendance! for tho inoivtU were reported to be Out patients ; Males, 595 ; females, 624 ; new cases, 213; total, 14s2 ; in-patients remaining in»a last month, 2u ; admitted, 11-; discharged, h i remaining. in house, 19 ; operations, 23. . , The half-yearly meeting of the Carlton District Fire Brigade was held on Fr.dny evening, reel-house, Elgin-street. a satisfactory re)>0f| for the half-year ending 30th June was recen ea and adopted. The following were elected omce bearers for the ensuing six months Captain, Mr. John Cotter; lieutenant, Mr. James Bryant, hose officer, Mr. James Evans: Uvasurcr, mr. Charles NeUon ; secretary, Mr. ii 1\ Brotuerj ton ; chairman of general meetings, Mr. jonn The tenth annual meeting of the Children j Hospital will bo held in the board-room o? tnt institution on Friday at four p.m., casion his Excellency the Governor will ' The public aro invited to inspect tlie hospital aj three ©clock. It- is much to be regretted t-iaj tho balance- sheet shows a deficiency of oversu pounds in the maintenance fund lor the year, which is very disheartening to the cum- zuittec, as the demands on their limited ruouuef have increased iu in-patients seyimty-tliree, aua out-patient attendances 332 durjng jie - cndin« 30th June.. Substantial support is no muclt reaaireAior jthia deserving chanty- \ 