TFFE WHISPERED STOEY. THE? told me that the house was taunted. Nothing had been seen in 'the shape of an appantion'by-those :%ho resided there ;^there was "no terrific disturbance, no bright, mysterious light, but there was a general i belief that <the house was haunted. The :ghoiVwag : :ataeH?behaV£d?ghost, and modest; Onlnquiring 'of one 'who had slept there, I learned -that he-had heard nothing oxcept a confus d murmur, a sound ot low, indistinct speech, aB 'of some one trying to speak while suffering -under aphon. Jtwas a aborioua whisper -of which a word now and then was audible. 1 saked him what woid«, and lie told jneHlwt t^o> »TO»1)erta- rt Ulls" and, " boat,"., but no others. The only thing remarkable about that was that 'othera who bad. slept . there hadilieard : the same words. That g»ve me, I waa aure, a key: to; the matter,, and I smiled. I concluded'- the purchase of the house that-very day. f 3fc was cheap enough. Wobody would-live iu itj and it was rotting through -disuse. The owner, who, needed ready cash, was glad to get rid of his profitless property. • The house itself was -a comfortable mansion, that .'cost 10,00.0dol to build,; and the ground rather, more than threeacres, and: had been' handsomely . laid out in trees, and: shrubbery, though now overgrown with brambles. The architect assured .me that -1800dol.;would put the house andgrouads m.order and! add modern conveniences;- So I bought it for 2000dol. down, andihad thenecessaryxepalrs made,,their cost overrunnmg-the 'estimate nearly 200Iol. So that for dOOOdoJ. I obtamed-a. handsoaie.and: convenient dwell-, ingon the banks pf : a noble river, with the tmy demesne Bloping to the south-weBt, having picturesque views on either hand, . . y -lorlgin^ in -the IIQUSU alone, h?.vicg had :a pallet laid down in the library. - . I suppose the stories I had heard, though I had laughed atthem, made.their tmpreBSion on my mind. Such things always do, in spite of reason. A vague feeling: o£ uu«a«iness fills us in the presence of mystery even though our curiosity .or our: pride gets the better of our .terror, and we probe the thing to the bottom, or .try to. -That may account for my restlessness, for . I was restless "and wakeful.: I had been busy all day. in arranging furniture, and in directing the men at work on the - grounds, in the latter caee handling the spade andmattock myself quite often,-and. was thoroughly .tired.: Tat I could not sleep. . It was ten o'clock when I turned down the light BO that it only gave a faint glimmer, and lay down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelve, and I still toesed oil' ray couch with open eyes. When the echo of the last stroke of the beil of the church in the neighbouring town of B- died away, I felt there was.somethmg or.oomeone in 'the room. I sprang,up, turned the-light onfull, and grasped the. loaded revolver which lay ou the library-table. There was uo one there certainly that I could see, and the door was locked, aud I laughed at .my alarm. The next moment, as.:I threw, myself: in thegreat arm-chair, I felt there was someone close to me., Just then there was a low and laboured whisper at my right ear. The woids were distinct, though faintly uttered : . "Let me tell you my story." . - Isprangup andlooked around.: Nothing, there;, .It appeared to. be imagiuation, and yet I felt terror.. Was I awake ? I was, undoubtedly. . The whisper came again •-• o ,'( You must listen.", ; I felt .that to bo. true. The •„: thin, -icy, forced whisper beld.me by .a spell. : I could not have moved had flames burst out around, , .me,, : Body, and .mind seemed Btricken with palsy. I could hear; but nothing more- Then the whisper returned, and I can remember all that followed, word for word, and can, write ,it out, again and again, without varying a word or letter; , " It was -three miles above the cataract. As I stood upon the river bans I could see, even at that point, with what swiftness -the Niagara was • hurrying..: toward the : fatal plunge. .There -was a skiff .tied, to a root on the: bank, ana aa it afforded me a seat 1 stepped wand sat down in the stern- sheets. There I played with my hands in the stream • and listened to the distant, inceisant roar of the boilmg waters.- As I sat there I ,thought of my young wife hundreds of miles away, whom:! had loft a few days before to attend to-some business in Canaaa, and whoml was to; rejoin, the next .day, having taken this point on my way homeward. I sat there with my eyes half closed, and then, throwing myself backward, was lulled to. eleep by the monotonous noise. How long I slept I do not know, but a piercing shriek, rising above the dull roar of the fills, awakened me; I looked around. The boat had broken loos® and I was far out'in the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls. I sprang up to seize the oars and pull t) shore. There were no oars in the boat. - -••.•-. . , - " I glanced toward the shore. It seemed the bank was lined with men, women and children, who may have called to mo, but I could hear nothing. My first impulee Was to leap overboard,. but then I could not: swim,. ' "A man on the bank threw a lasso. I waned the commg of the loop, and reached my hand: toward it, but it fell short. ' It was drawn in, and the man, running swiftly to a point further down, tried again. :He apparently cast it with greater force, but it fellfurther off than before. I waB being drawn nearer to: the centre ot the horse-shoe. " And now there came the lethargy of despair. : I sat there without : hope and without-fear. My doom was inevitable. The: motion of the boat grew faster and faster; the . distant banks whirled past me, and then my spirit rose in a kind of ecstasy. I gave a sharp glance around me and laughed. As the boat struck the edge of the abyss and rose for the final plunge, :! caught sight of : a. dense mist; I heard above the roar the ruoh of a thousand wings ; I felt as though, struck with a numbing blow, and breath and consciousness left me together. " It seemed to be a dream, for when I recovered I was here in my own house Yonder eat my wife, clad in. black, her head .buiied in her hands. ' ,Ye« 1 iit seemed to ;be a dream, for though I tried to .speak to her my lips madeino sounds, and I-ieard nothing; I touched her, but she did not heed it..-1 looked aroundthe room bBWildcred. . :,.: "It: was this library. There.-.on -a .-long table, which did not belong .here, lay some-: thing like a human form,.covered by a«heet:> What waB it. doing here ? Whose body lay there ? A new and more unspeakable terror seized me. I would like to have cried out; I could not. I was dumb. "My wife arose ana went to the table, Now,'.l Daid to myself, -'l eliall kuow all.' She rained the cover from her head,' and, stooping down; :kisBed the face of the corpjie Could it-bo that my-father-in-law, Colonel Bairneleigh, had-died while I was away ? I did not walk, .but I was moved- - by some unseen power- uatil l stood i>y -my wife .and overi the idead- body and* looked -down; -1 knew:.:it-;all-then. -1 recognised the cpld;: Ufeless-faee. it was myDATO " : Then the whisper ceased; audvX fell . in: a deep uleep sm ithe..chair..; It was daylight when :I awoke. I looked, around. -Had • I dreamed- at all ?On; -the. tablet- was -'the fragment of a newspaper. Picking it up, my glance caught the name'ot a former -owner of the house, :and LrBadas foUows-:'- i : : '• ME£AKOHOI,X V'CASCALTY.—A terriijlo event occurred on Friday last. Kobert Grant, of this village, on hie return to Toronto, where lie had been on buBiness, stopped at 1 Niagara. He took a walK above the Mis after breakfast. He must have got In a Ijoat and lost or broken the oars—though it is said no oars were in the boat ' He was seen Afloat: by a large browd of -people just above the' fall. Every attempt was^made to lescue him, but nnsiiccessfully, ana he was carried to to death. , His -body was recovered oh: Sunday, and is bow on its way here. "He leaves a widow " I had certainly never-Seen that paragrap! before I am quite "sure of that TFrom .that time out tkie have noiBss In 'theliouse Except Buch as could b i wmly Isihedr Wd the ^Bfepeifed .never came again. Yet,-if it were no dream, or no • imaginary whisper, why should the ghost have told: his story to me, and why should he tell it at all 