ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN ON TBE EDUCA TION BILL. The following is the greater portion of nn address delivered by Archbishop Vaughan when laying the foundation-stono, on Sunday last, of a new Roman Catholic school at Balmain: — And now, if they will let me, I will tell a bit of my mind to all honest, liberal- minded men with rrgnrd to those great events which are casting their dark and gloomy shadows before. They say in the country that when a storm is coming of unusual violence the animals become unusually quiet in the fields, nnd thero seems to be a bush in naturo, till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, and the thunder bellows as the forked lightning ilashes on every side, and shivers, and chars, and turns into a black wreck the noblest tree in the forest Though things cannot well bo as bad as this, I will not conceal from you or from myself that there are signs in the heavens of that which of nil things else in a free country is likely to produce such a storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I ref-r to tho spirit of tyranny and persecution that seems as if it was about to be unchained. Am I not an Englishman, standing here before the children of the Irish race ? Have I not since the very first day I landed here, well nigh sis years ago, held out the hand of brother hood to all of you. And did I not tell you that our sympathies were welded together by bonds of ancient suffering, anil that the thought of what your people went through on one side of the Channel, joined to the thought of the persecution suffered by my own on the other -did I not say that this bound me to you with an un conquerable sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death ? And have I not during these six years that I have been your spokesman and your friend, proved to you that those words were not vnin words, but that they were the expression of a hiddon energy that has Bpent itself, and will spend itself, to the end in your service ? And did we not congratulate one with another thnt we found a home in a bright and sunny land, where "nor so. row nor crying should be any more and did we not think that though the pa3t was painful, still wo had put 10.000 miles of sea between ourselves and the scenes of ancient suffering and degradation ? Yes we did. But alas, have we not been too sanguine in our anticipations ? What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at borne ? Becauso wo preferred torture and death to activity against our oonseienee, and to be butchered and disembowelled rather than allow those fo- whom we were res ponsible to be tampered with in their faith. We hoped that we had escaped from all forms of tyranny and persecution by coining so fur away — where we were told that all were equal, and nil j were free. 1 hoped that by my kindness to you, and by standing up for you. and defending you, I and showing sympathy nnd love to you, that it would in some way make up for all you had under gone at the hands of my countrymen : and I did hope that they out here would only bo too glad to join me and treat you with exceptional tenderness especially with regard to your religion and your children; with the thought in their mind— with the burning consciousness of all the cruel monstrous wrongs thnt ihcy had inflicted on you in tho past. But all this seems to he a vain illusion —a dream from which we aro to be aroused by about the most ingeniously devised piece of scientific persecution that has been invented in modern times — the end of the more brutal form of persecution, and the beginning of the more culti vated ono. It is to destroy our holy religion. I believe the scientific method is more effective, nnd I believe more odious, than the more expeditous way of tearing out tho heart and bowels of a grown tnan. ilere the plan is to strike at little children — at the helpless little cbildVen of the Catholio-'finq.' Dp you know that in the days of trial they Had a special instrument for squeezing tho life and blood out of fHiuse Catholics who declined to deny their God ? It was a kind of press, with a screw at the top. The Cathulic man or woman was shoved into this press, just large enough to hold one ; the top was forced down with a screw until it touched '.he head and back of the victim. Then the real operation began. Bs a slow, almost imperceptible, proce.-s, the top was continually pushed further and further J.,\vn till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and the whole body collapsed into a mangled bleeding mass. This was called " Tho Scavenger's daughter." Now the modern scavenger's daughter is of a different construction. The archbishops and bishops have told you that the secularist system and schools founded on that system, so far as Catholics are concerned, are " seedplots of future infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness," for they tend towards destroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, and hence of your Catholic morality and reverence, and I am glad to see that the newspapers have been fixing that condemnation indelibly on your mind- by their continued and opportune quotation of the words of the joint pastoral. Weil, using my priva'e judgment in tho choice of an expression, 1 would call those schools " Scavenger's daughters,'' because they are most effective instruments in vented by man for squeezing very gradually and almost imperceptibly true Catholic faith nut of Catholic people. 1 have said this before in other words; the bishops have spoken with me; the world knows what our teaching is; it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established, that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is. moreover, wellknown.it has been in ail tho newspapers that we object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues and the con tradiction of creeds which is abhorent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, arid wo think we may say boldly, spoken out as was our bounden duty, kna vuig as we did that it change was about to he made in the Education Act unfavourable to our views. What has been the result ? First of all, a hurricano of abuse and endless insult cast upon what is dearer to us thnn life itself, on our holy religion. As to thoso who have abused and insulted me personally the worst wish to harbour in their regard is that they may have the grace to become Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour. I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our ea.-e. One tiling, i believe all will aimit-thao our case has been stated clearly, and is perf. c'.iv intelligioio. Next, P.iiliamcrit meets. The outlines of the new education scheme aro laid bofore the colony. What aro its provisions? What is its drift? Thero is one thing in its driit which 1 admire, and that is that ir evidently nttem; ts to meet the requirements of some largo part of the- com munity. It not only implies a knowledge of thoit existence hut it also turns at answering some ol their warns. Ti.o Church of England will have greater facilities for religious instruction ; t he Nonconformists will have, it seems, til! they want so far as they are concerned ; the League wil have several concessions, partial compul.-.inu. if nol entire, and an approaeli to freedom trom lees. admire a;,y attempt at meeting the wi-h.-s oflargi classes. 1 ain only too pleased when 1 ,-ee mj fellow colonists rejoicing in a method ot educatiui which gives them as fathers and mothers, peace and happiness when they think of their children I WOulil he among the first to interfere tho first ti speak out wore they tyranuised over, o: were tliei conscientious convictions trampled under foot uy i tyrannical majority. So far tho promise of tin new bill solicits my respect. But this very qualit; which I admiro as boaring upon Protostunts heightens my sense of grief and indignation whet I refieot that Catholics exclusively are, in n studiei manner apparently ignored, whilst in reality the; are trampled on. Working men of Balmain, I an addressing myself to you. You lovo your religoi bettor than your life, if I may judge from the past You would rather die than jeopardise the futun Catholic prospeote of your children. Your churcl ft&d; your bishops proclaim what your conscience and your instincts tell you is the simple truth- that you may not Bend your children to publi schools. You aro poor, working, honest, labourio men, getting your 35a a week, trying to provid littlo homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and as respoctablo as you are yourslves. In you I am adrcssing all the labour ing classes in the colony. Wo Catholics represent ono-third — somo say more, some lesB — of the popu lation, Tho new Bill treats tenderly all tho other sections. Uow does it treat you ? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagination, and Irishmen aro not deficient in that, can you in your wildpBt moments imaginoa singlo point in that Bill which shows that you have been thought of with kindness and sympathy ? Ilavc you not the pain ful consciousness that so far as this new schome is ooncorned your case lias been ignored, whilst all others liavo been thought of? Show me one single point where thero is a sign, or shadow or ghost of a shadow of a sign, that regard has been felt for the conscientious convictions of ono-third of the population, of tho grent Catholic intorost in this colony. Thought of ! Yes you have been thought of. you have not beet, ignored. It would soem to some ihatyou have been unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this Bill, that tbey might not even by somo inadvertent blunder, throw you some miserablo 6hred of justico. And they have not kept you in view in vain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have, knowingly or unknow ingly, invented an instrument of scientific persecu tion exquisite in its perfection for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst socming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations under foot. Working men of Balmain, let me explain myself. You have to live on hard-earned wages, and you know the value of small sums of money, nnd can only with thrift and care keep tho wolf from tho door. What doeB tho new Bill do for you, for tho thousands of tho Catholic poor? Does it sym pathise with your poverty, and encourage your sturdy faith, and soothe your hard life by giving your children a chance of being instructed in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics ? I will tell you in a few words what it does for you. If it could speak it would say — though its framers may not moan it— it would say : — " I am a modern monstrosity so contrived as to flatter all sections of the community except the Koman Catholic. These miserable oreaturcs must be got rid of somehow, but first of all they must be kicked and insulted. My predecessor born in 18GG. was a fair specimen of persecution for that day; hut wo are older now, and have advanced further into light. That Bill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for the edu cation of other peoplo's children, in schools they could not U6e themselves. But I am an improve ment on that. I am going to build grent grammar schools for boys, and the Catholics shall pay equally with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established, where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their homes and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot uso them, shall pay for thorn, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover to multiply the schools they cannot use, reduce tho fees, and Catholics shall bear this burden here ns well. To this I mean to add about the raoBt exquisite insult possible thnt is to have each public Bchool, having su many children, furnished with a class-room which Cntholics cannot use. In this class-room nil the various denominations, whose very existence is a protest against the Catholic religion, shall teach their various oreeds, and as a necessary consequence condemn the faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for the very build ings in which, day after day, and hour after hour, their religion is, or may be, denounced in terms well-known to all ? To this insult perfect in its kind. I am going to add an injury equally perfect in its naturo. fclaviDg ignored every single ju3t demand, having made the Catholics pay as has been described, I then carry tho war into the enemy's camp. They still have denominational schools, they love them, they are proud of them, they erected them at great expense— these I mean to knock on the head. For, since Catholics arc the poorest section of tho community, and since their small means are forced from them to pay for tho education of other people's ohildrcn, how will they be able, poor as they nre, to pay, as it were, oul of both poekers at once, to educate theirown children as well as those of others ? llow can they keep pace with tho reduction of fees ? They may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but wo will take them out of their bath of supernatural light and if they do not beoomo infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts — and everything, even e blaokfellow, is better than n Pnpist.'' Such is the language that tho new Bill, so far as I know any. thing of it, speaks to me. I do not moan to in- sinuate that all this was intended; possibly, suet a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter tho intentions of legislators. I am simnli speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the languago of the Bill, to any intelligent man who has ears to henr, nnd to every Catholic who has a soul, and a heart beating in his body. It is a modern moostrositj of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned; and I believo every fair- minded man in the community will sympathise with us, assist us to preserve our freedom of oon seienee. and to obtain our just and self-evident rights. Why should we alone be ignored ? Why Bbould our cry not be heard? Why should Catholics, and only Catholics, bo trampled on and insulted in the way that I have described ? We do not stand in the way of others ; wo rejoice when they are happy ; whon they can feel that their children are doing well, it is a true pleasure to us. What pleasure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, and aro as outcasts of tho people? _ What pleasure, in this nineteenth century, is therein producing so gravo an irrita tion, so galling a wound, ns will be produced if that Bill becomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not believe that the majority, the sound por tion of the community, will stand by silently, and nut support us in our just struggle for liberty and fair-play. You working-men of Balmain, you Catholics of this colony to whom my voice or my words will reach, be true to yourselves in this groat crisis. Your religion, the one dearest thing in life, is at stake. If your children are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools they cannot become thorough Catholic men ; and a Catliolio who is not thorough in his faith is genorally the father of a lino of indiffercDtists and apostates. And you, my own English country men, who love fair play and a just measure, why not join me in your own way in seeing justico done? Ono ot you has already sent his generous subscription of £u, and a most kind letter to Father Dillon. _1 seem to see many of you nround me, if I mistake not. Let me enlist your sympathy in behalf of a righteous caesc. Your hearts are truo and stout, I know ; and you can- nct stand by and not join tho weaker side in sup porting its just rights against what will bo, ns you know, a terrible tyranny and oppression, As for myself it is my vocation, and my most solemn duty to'defend and preserve tho faith of my poople. In me it would he no heroism to lay down my life in its defence, or to spill my blood out of lovo for my flock. That is my profession, as a soldier's is to go to war and to risk his life for his Queen and country. Let not tho world think that the Catholic faith can he blotted out by any instru ment, however modern and subtle in its operation. It has lived 1800 years and more, and it will abide to tho very end. It id my part, during my short span, to protect it; nnd 1 hope, by God's grace, to spend my life and strength nnd as little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remembor union is strength, and Perseverenoe alono is crowned. Let us unite, let us persevere, and in tho end we shall be placed on an equality with our fellow-colonists, and bo suffered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics, without being doprivod fordoing so of our just help for secular instruction. We are strong in numbers, our cauBO is a righteous one, and let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victorious issue. (From S. M. Herald,) A Roman Catholio Archbishop, learned in the lore of the middle ages, may well be taken as an authority on instruments of persecution generally. and therefore we accept Dr. Yaughan's description of the "Scavenger's Daughter" without demur. But the analogy between an inBtrumont of torturo &Dd; a public school is so remote that before tho public are able to see it we fear that Dr. Yaughan's speech will be forgotten. If the ecclesiastical authorities of tho middle ages had never designed, for the confutation of their enemies, anything worso than our public school system, the " Book of Martyrs " would still bo an unedited work. If the Catholics of New South Wales have nothing more to complain of than our school law, they are happier in that respect than most Oatholics in Catholic countrios, and ten times happior than Protestants in Catholic countries. Tho repeated and desperate attempts which Dr. Vaughan is making to persuade his peopio that they aro boing persecuted, shows that he has much stronger con- viotions on that point than tbey have themselves. Generally when a man gets hurt by a squeeze, he is tho first to know it, but in this case all tho out cry comes, not from the peopio, but from tho priests. Thero is pressuro certainly, but it com&s; not from the State, but from tho Oburch. If the ohildrea aro being draggod out of tho public schools, and there is any dislocation of joints by tho roughness of the process, tho torturo does not como from the Civil Government. Tho lato Mr. Kenna, of Bathurst, was made to suffer on his death-bed, but who was it that worked the screw of tho "Scavenger's Daughter?" Was that Catholic persecuted by the State or by the Church P If tho hioraroby would allow tho laity to go their own way, tbey would be only too thankful to lot their children go to the public sehoole. But they aro harried inceesantly until thoy drag the little ones away. Who poreoeutes them ? It is neoess- ary, wo are told, for their faith that they should be nllowod no peace till they obey. Be it so. Then it is their faith, or those who profess to expound it, that must take the rcponsibility of their torture. Tho State is willing that all children should be treated alike ; the " Faith " is not willing. It is the faith, not tho State, thnt is the cause of dissention. (From Evening News.) Archbishop Vaughan ha3 hitherto been regarded as a cultivated English gentleman, but he is now showing himself in the light of a fire-eater, and is rapidly deseending to the level of the inflammatory vagrants who traie upon the passions 'of .religious sects by pretending to be the victims of persecu tion. Even Pastor Ohiniquy could not talk more offensive rant than that which tho Archbishop made use of at Balmain on Saturday. What oc casion has he to speak of serving as " slaves and helots at home," or " preferring torture and death to noting against our conscience, and to bo but chered and disembowelled rather than allow thoso for whom we were responsible to he tampered with in their faith ? " Whnt occasion has he to speak of the Oatholics of this Iree colony as "sad and broken, liko slaves nnd serfs, who have no friends, and are ns outcasts of the people." Whnt appro priateness is thero in his tolling his hearers that it is his profession to lay down his life for the faith of his people, or to spill his blood out of lovo to his flock? This is easy- chair courage when no one wishes to harm a hair of bis head and ho has not even the opportunity of spilling his blood for his flock. " A plague upon all cowards," he exclaims, and then, like Falstaff, proceeds to mako his eleven buckram men out of his own fertile imagination. Instead of criticising the education policy of the Government, he brings out all this blood and thun der nonsense, nnd compares Sir Henry Parkes's measure, which has not yet seen the light, to a diabolical instrument of torturo callod the " Sea- . venger's Daughter," which was used in ancient times as tho instrument of brutal tyrrany. The Archbishop tells us that this wns used " to squeeze the life and blood out of thoso Catholics who de clined to deny their God." We are quite aware that persecution and torture were used on both i sides in tho groat religious conflicts, but why does i Dr. Vaughan omit to mention that for every deed of cruelty committed upon tho Catholics, their 1 opponents can point to many committed by ; Cntholius ; nnd any Protestant in tho community i has more justification in claiming to have been i (through his ancestors, of course) " disembowelled" r than the Archbishop or any of his Irish followers. 1 By bin violence and political folly the Arch- , bishop renders it diffioult for those who nro not ' carried away with passion to prooure any conces- i sion whatever to the wishes of the moderate s Catholics, He announces point blank that the Catholic clergy will not take advantage of any facilities for giving instructionin the public schools, i Although the Government proposes to give them ! private class-rooms, and toBuit their conveniences r as to the time of their visits, the ArchbishoD on their behalf obstinately refuses to have anything to do with tho public schools, and actually pretends to consider the provision for class rooms an " ex quisite insult." Ho even has the assurance to complain thnt the Oatholics will bo paying for the rooms in which their religion will be denounced, when the whole cause of this education conflict is bis demand that the revenues of tho Stato should pay for bis schools, in which tho religion of the vast majority may be denounced. After this refusal to accept any compromise, or to do any thing to givo roligious instruction in tho public schools, no intelligent man can regard tho epis copal policy as tho outcome of a Bincuro desiro for roligious education. Religious education is placed within their reach, is offered to them spontaneously by the Government, and because it is not given in such a way as to place increased power in tho hands of the hierarchy, it is insolently refused. Let Catholic laymen cloarly apprehend this fact, and their patriotism will surely induce them to put aside with contempt these hysterical ravings of men who may be well trained in mystical theology, hut are obviously dangerous lenders in practical and political matters. And in spite of the wild sayings of the Archbishop, wo implore tho sober- minded Protestant layman not to bo enrried away to extreme courses, to treat their fellow citizens who have not risen to a high conception of national education as erring brethren who require gently leading to tho truth, and to lay securely, solidly, and without undue basto, tho foundations of a grund all-embracing system of education which need cause no divisions, but will eventually weld the colony into a harmonious and enlightened na tionality. (From the Echo.) Dr. Vaughan is trying, by tho uso of violent language nnd ad captandum rhetoric, to force upon iiis peopio, even against their will, the belief that they aro persecuted, and talks about laying down his life or spilling his blood in defcnco of his faith and for love of his flock, ns if a question of blood-spilling or life-taking were at issuo. Tho whole controversy is about a question of State policy, that ought to be decided peacefully at the polling-booths and in Parliament. Dr. Vaughan, addrossing men who aro proverbially of quick impulse and excitable feeling, tries to help them to take their part in its settlement by talking about instruments of torture, about persecution and biood, about slavery and serfdom about being butobered and disembowelled, for the sako of a faith. His cause must be a very bad one, if it required to be thus supportod and promotod by inflammatory languago and appoals to passion, which will be useless unless they prevent the calm- consideration of the question before the country. The natural reflection, after reading tho report of his address, is that he docs not want to have the matter calmly considered. Some ingenuity was dieplayed in the choice of the Scavenger's Daughter as an illustration. This machine was introduced, we believe, in the days of Henry VIII., who, though ho received from the Pope tho title of " Defender of the Faith." ended by renouncing tho Pope's authority. But tho Scavenger's Daughter was only ono membnr of a large family ; and Dr. Vaughan knows that, both before its day and in later timeB, the thumbscrew and the rack and instruments of torture numerous enough to fill a museum have been used under the aathority of his church for the coeroion and punishment of thousands - who have denied ita authority, r Dominant churches have abused their power all the world over ; but if any are curious as to imple- ments and processes of torture, lot them searoh the history of Roman Catholicism. Hitherto, history baB been a tabooed eubjeat in tho public sohools ; but why P One reason is that deferonco has been paid to the feolings of Roman Oatholics ; and tho Stato has, for tho Bake of peace, refrained from reviving tho memories of the barbarities porpo- tratcd by the authorities of their church. It is time that tho whole truth was told, now that an archbishop has shown with what adroitness tho presumed ignorance of the people upon this matter may be turned to advantage by men who should Bhuddcr and blush at the bare recollection of the acts of their predecessors. It is marvellous than an arohbishop of the Roman Catholic Chnrch should dnra to spoak in public upon tho subject of persecution. There aro few churches that can pretend— if churches have 1 consciences — to possess a dear conscience in this I matter. His certninly cannot. But what has persecution to do with tho education policy of this colony? Tho fact is that the Archbishop nnd his supporters arc persecuting the rost of the com munity. They are entering upon a species of crusado against tho civil liberty and freedom of notion of the people. Tho mass of tho peopio. represented rightly in this matter by the Govern ment, desire the establishment of an offectivo system of national education. Tho Arohbishop and his party say. in effect, to all tho rest of the peopio, " You shall not bavo this national system. Wo will give you no rest whilst you are attempting to establish it. Wo will introduco disturbance into the working of your public institutions. Wo will render good government impossible, nnd if you succeed for n time, in tho end we will compel you to yield." This is persecution indeed. There is no fear of persecution for Roman 'Oatholics by the State. They have equal libcrtios with tho rest of tho people, and, as a rule, they have for many yenrs past enjoyed gronter concessions than othors. Possessing, as individuals, political power in an equal share with other people, they have unitedly exercised more than their proportionate share of political influence. And the knowledge of this undue political influence was at the founda tion of the thinly veiled throats which wero em bodied in the original or joint paBtoral. It is satisfactory to find that tho Government lias had the courage to disregard those threats. The majority of tho electors, assorting their rights, and carrying out their independent judgment, cannot be coerced by a minority. But the attempt of a minority to coerce tho majority, and to frustrate its policy upon a matter so important as public education, is a speoies of persecution — especially whon the leaders of that minority try to work upon tho public generally by displaying their powor to stir up strifo, and upon their own followers by shaking over their heads the terrors of tho world to come. The great complaint of tho Archbishop is that (in his view) cbildron cannot be brought up "thorough Catholics" whilst they attend the public schools. But it is no concern of the State that anybody should bo brought up a " thorough Catholio" or a " thorough" member of tho Church of Englaud, a "thorough" Wosleyan. or a " thorough '' Presbyterian, It is a concern of tho State that tho children should grow up to be thorough good citizens ; but tho Stato has nothing to do with their thorough sectarianism, to what ever seot or church they may belong, except when that sectarianism may come into conflict with their civil obligations. And it is either n mis apprehension of the meaning of words, or a deli bora to attempt to mislead, to call tho act of tho State, in providing schools which shall simply lay tho foundations of good citizenship, an net of persecution, because thoBe sohools leave the sects nnd tho churches to take care of their own inter ests in their own way. The Public Sohools Act and tho promised bill do more thnn this. They givo the churches the use of the State schools for sectarian purposes for a cortniu time free. When this concession is rojooted with .-corn, is it persecu tion on the part of tho State to continue tho offer of it ? Tho Archbishop snys " We cannot nccept it." That was a mistake. He should have said, ' We will not." Tho Catholio ericvanco originates with the authorities of tho Oathoiio Ohurch. They could put an on 1 to it if they would ; and, whilst they refuse, they aro practically persecutors of their own peopio. (From Sydney Daily Telegraph) We must say that more mature consideration doos not recommend the Government educa- tioual proposals to ua. They are, after all, half- hearted, and aro indicative of a timorous Doliov on this, one of the most vital and important qnostions that can engago the attention of auy Legislature. We aro willing to grant that there ore difficulties in tho way of carrying out such a thorough policy on tho Education question as will alone satisfy the poople of this country ; but difficulties always oxist, and it is the duty ot statesmen to surmount them. There is always a lion iu the path to the irresolute, aud to thoso who shirk a duty. Circumstances liavo played into the hands of Sir Honry Parkus in roferouce to this subject in a manner no one could have anticipated, and yet he appeal's likely to loso the golden opportunity of giving to hi3. country such system of education as it should have, aud of identifying his name with it. The falmiaations of Arohbishop Vaughan, nnd the servile echoes of his feeble imitators havo roused up public interest on this question to such an extent that tho peopio will not ho satisfied with anything less thnu n free, com pulsory, and, if not secular, a non. sectarian system of oducatiou. The denunciations of the Catholic Archbishop in Melbourne aud of tho inoro bigoted portion of the clergy of othor denominations enabled tho Francis Ministry to carry their " freo, secular, aud compulsory" system of education in Victoria with an over whelming majority. Tho same result could be nchiuved now in Now South Wulos it tho Government wero earnest and had tho courage of their opinions. If they think by thoir moderation to disarm l!,e hostility of Archbishop Vaughan aud thoso wito think with him, lot them read tho remarks mado by him last Sunday upon this subject. Ho denounces their measure by likening it to au instrument of torturo called tho " Scaven ger's Daughter," used iu former times to crush poor Catholics ! Why will this injudicious hierareh persist in recalling titnos aud circum stances calculated to sow discord in tho com munity ? He knows, or ought to know, that in persecution and cruelty for religion's snko Catholics vied with Protestauts, aud, in tho latter, far excelled thorn. What useful purpose, then, can be served by such refer ences ? They only serve to set sect against sect," neighbour against neighbour ; and any man who does so is an enemy of tho wholo community. Let the Education question bo argued nut on its own merits. Suroly Dr. Vaughan knows that n national Bystom of education is supported chiefly by thoso who care nothing about sectarian differences, hut are earnest and zealous in thoir belief that the rising generation mast recaive suoh au educa tion as will fit thom for the performance ol the duties of citizenship. Thoy do not meddle with sectarian religious teaching. They leave this to the clergy whose duty it is to imparl it, but who in times past have done it by deputy, throwing the work upon the school masters — with what result we all know. Il i3 simply misleading his hearerB, and doiug s gro3S injustice to thoso who have taken a pari in the straggle for a better system of educa- tion, to aoouse them of hostility to any do- 1 Domination ; and it is something worse to associate thoin with the infamous porsocutors of past times, either ProtoBtant or Catholic. It might be understood, if not excused, in an ignoraut stump-orator, wishing to inflame tho multitudes, but it is unintelligible, and cortainly inexcusable, on the part of an educated, woll- iuformed dignitary of a ohurch. Tho Government mny well take this uttor- anoe of Dr. Vaughan's to hoart. What do they gain by this half-and-half method of dealing with this burning subjoct ? Thoy do not conciliato tho clerioal irreconcilables, and they disappoint, and in many oases disgust, tho largo majority of tho public who are in favour of having tho now education thorough. Substituting a responsible minister for an irresponsible council is all vory woll in its way, hut wo imagino that practically this is only a change in name, for wo have had a Minislor of Education for some timo, and we suppose- he is not a cypher. Grammar schools and high-class schools aro very good things, but tho public just now want plain, substantial food, and not articles of luxury. Thoy wish to seo tho ordinary branches of instruction avail- able to tho wholo cemmunity, and therefore they wish to see public instruction in thoso branches free — free as polico protection, but really paid for by tho peopio through the general revenue. Thoy wish to have an end put to tho odions system of having in public schools some children paid for by their parents, and othors ccrtifiod by ministers and magis trates as pauper children. It is only trfling with tho subject to talk of reducing fees to threepence per week and a shilling per family ! It is certainly not statesmanship butwesuppose it is a concession to thoso goutlomen who called out "Hoar, hear" when tho Premier annouuood that it was not proposed to make education free. So the miserable distinction of paying and non-paying children in public schools is to bo perpetrated, when so grand an opportunity is a Horded for getting rid of it and of establishing a system requiring no money passport for tho onjoymont of its blessings. To how many a poor family is not this matter of school foes a serious considera tion ? Gentlemen who havo handsome incomes conuot realise it, but lot thom try aud roar a large family respectably ou dG'2, or ovon £3 a wook, and thoy would soon understand it. Thonjaa to tho peopio attempting to introduce tho compulsory principlo, why ia not the principlo assorted, and tho necessary modifica tions indicated ? Compulsion should bo tho law wherever there is a school within easy access, subject to the ordinary exceptions. No doubt tho principlo should not bo too rigidly enforcod at first. Leaving it to tho Govern ment from timo to timo to apply it to certain districts is to open tho door to abuses, aud to risk tho consequences of Ministerial neglect, and it may bo disinclination. A9 to the mode in which tho proposed measure is to deal with deuoraiuationalism, wo think it is fur too favourable. This proposition to havo a Bpocial class-room sot apart which tho clergy can regard as . thoir owu is one that may entail ! vary iucouvonienfr consequences, and it should j receivo careful consideration. It is certainly desirable that facilities should bo afforded to the parents of the children to havo thom in- j structed in religious subject3 if thoy so wish, and tho matter should ho dealt with from this point of view. We quite agree that in the present stage of transition, ns it wero, from ono system to another, it m.iy not bo passible to inaugurate such a thorough system as is required. Hut what strikes us as strange is tho fact thnt tho Government, in tho outline that has been given of tbolr measure, show us littlo desire to establish those principles to which thero is the least opposition, aud in favour of which tho public aro unquestionably so strongly disposed. Certainly three-fourths of tho community nro in favour of free and compulsory oducation, and this fact must be patent to Ministers. Why, then, do thoy hesitato to carry out thoir principles ? As to tho consideration of expeuso, no money is better spent than that which is employed to driving ignorance, with its nccorapanyiug evils out of the land, and shoddiug the blessings of eu- lightonment upon the rising generation. 