Lost in the Winning." By "Draminoo.' Chapter XXV. Maggie's secret." I'll be even with James yet ; see if I don't I He assaulted me this morning in the most cowardly manner, when I was asleep and dream- ing of the past-of my old life amongst the tree tops, and out in the fresh bright air ; not in stuffy stupid Brisbane. I'm seriously thinking of casting off the trammels of civilisation and going back to liberty and the bush-going back to end my days afar from the gaze of mon. I'm horribly disgusted with men and women. I hate and despise the race ; hypocrites, time-serving sycophants, tellers of untruths, and ever ready to bear false witness against each other. Only for the grief my absence would cause to a few amongst, you, I would shake the dust from my wings and his me away to the wilderness. Good gracious me I if you'd only act honestly and straightforwardly, how much better off you would be ! but no, not the shadow of candour is there amongst the best of you. There's Never now, he's just inclined to wake up-has awoke, in fact- to the manifold virtues and excellence of my little girl Clara, and what does she do ? Avoids Lim, looks coldly on him, doesn't give him a scrap of encouragement, and in fact drives him-and I say it at all risks for I've watched and noticed straight into Mrs. Bloomington's away. Probably I'm an ass, not a magpie at all but I'm of the opinion that the only man Clara Danten would care to listen to is Nevil, and now know that he shows signs of awakening to the knowledge of the prize he is neglecting, wring my neck if she doesn't show him the cold shoulder, 0, I'm sick of you all. Supposing people do talk of the way he is always dancing attendance on Mrs. Bloomington, Class would soon wean him of that but no, she holds off, and he gets sulky, and everything is at sixes and sevens, and I'm powerless to put things straight. I took a short excursion yesterday and came home by Queen-street. None of you have been a long way up in the air, and had a bird's-eye view of it, I suppose. You just should ; if it didn't take the conceit out of you I don't know what would. Shall I tell you what happens First of all Brisbane seems to run up together as though it was frightened at being looked at and all the hills get as flat as possible. Then when you look down you see apparently a lot of galvanised iron thrown about in squares, with dark lines between them and on these lines a lot of awkward insignificant insects moving about. This is what an eagle-hawk told me ; I never went up so high myself-on to a housetop contents me. I was sitting on a housetop yesterday looking at the people and thinking how much better they'd get on if they could fly ; they wouldn't have to hold up their tail feathers with one hand as they do now and think what a saving it would be in cabB I As I sat on the parapet meditating thus, I saw Bloomington, Mrs. Bloomington, her little cousin, and our dear Bouncer coming ; they stopped for a second just opposite to where I was, and then the ladies entered the shop underneath me, and Bloomington went on alone. A cab came down about five minutes afterwards, and an unfortunate boy miscalculated his distance and got knocked down. He was not much hurt, but he set up a terrible howling, and his face was a little cut ; po some sympathising bystanders carried him into a chemist's shop-the very shop the ladies were in. I flew down to see the fun, and was just in time to witness the Bouncer sub- side with a shriek into a glass case of tooth- brushes ; poor dear nervous creature I Mrs. Bloomington cast one contemptuous glance at her companion, then turned to the man who was carrying the boy's head and shoulders. " What's the matter with the boy?" she asked. "Horful accident, mum ;" he returned ; "'spect he's got every blessed bone broken." "Put him down on his feet and see," she said. The man immediately lowered his part of the burden, which, as the other assistant retained his half at the same height, resulted in the patient being put on his head instead of his feet. This mistake being rectified, the boy with many groans stood up unassisted, and the Bouncer got out of the glass case and asked the chemist for some smelling salts. " The child's not hurt ; why a big boy like you should be ashamed to make such a fuss, Your face is a little bruised, that's all," Mrs. Bloomington said, approaching the point of her shapely gloved finger to within an inch of a mixture of mud and blood on the urchin's cheek ; " run home and get your face washed." The stragglers that the incident had collected dispersed disappointedly, and the chemist rubbed his hands slowly as he hovered around the Bouncer, who was still a little hysterical. " I really think," she said to her friend, " that I should die at once if I saw anybody actually seriously hurt." " Yes. What a lucky thing, then, that all women are not like you I I don't know what it is to feel nervous ; I could hold you whilst a Surgeon out your arm off, if it was required." "What a horrid idea !" exclaimed Agatha, giving a faint shriek and a frightened look at her companion and with a farewell sniff at the sales they were bowed out by the chemist. The people in the street were reading the evening paper which had just been issued, and when my attention was directed to things in general, after the little incident just narrated, I could make out that the principal topic of conversation was the announcement of the fact that the leader of the Opposition had given notice that on a certain date he intended to move that the then existing Government had not the confidence of the House. The street politicians had the names of the coming Ministry quite pat already, and I heard Bloomington mentioned several times as being likely to take office, in the event of his party being successful I began to think that I should experience a kind of reflected glory as being the magpie who knew a member of the Queensland Ministry and I fell to think- ing of that small sheep-station, and the green eyed sandy whiskered shepherd who had a dog called Bailey, and I could have laughed, " sans intermission, an hour by the dial." I felt in a cynical mood after this, and I got on to a verandah and watched the passers by, and thought how all was vanity and vexation of spirit. Now, I thought, " me" dear friend Bloom- ington is approaching the climax of 77 ambition ; he's becoming a marked man in this small section of the world ; he's got a splendidly handsome woman for a wife ; he's rich, and of a shrewd disposition that's likely to increase his wealth ; he lacks certainly a few essentials in the matter of breeding and education, but he's managed to supply the deficiency passably well ; he's not worse than the general run in that respect ; altogether he's a lucky man and as I arrived at that conclusion Mrs. Bloomington passed beneath my ken once more, walking slowly up the street with Nevil. Yes, he's a very lucky man, I repeated to myself as I flew home. When I got back James was just going into the house, and he dropped a letter he'd been reading. I picked it up and hopped behind a rose- bush. James turned back immediately he missed the note, but he didn't see me, and he hunted and searched in vain, having at last to go in without it. I took the note up carefully to Jack's room, and put it on his table. I did not know what it was about, but in a general kind of way I knew that it must be something James did not want his brother to see, so I thought that would perhaps make us suits for the morning. As I anticipated, Never came home to dinner, and there was of course great tale about the expected change in the Ministry ; an approaching ball, case, was one of the topics, but the interest in that seemed languid, languid in the extreme. James had another unsuccessful hunt for the lost note (evidently, there's something in it I'm glad I put it up in Jack's room). Jack. didn't notice it when he went to his room before-dinner ; but afterwards they were going to a concert or some sort of said dissipation, and then Jack found it. I recall that scene with horror. are known Jack for 3 should not like to say how many years, and have never seen union lose his temper. I've heard him swear like a trooper in a drifting yard ; I've known him take the law into his own hands with a refractory shearer and I've seen him get three fills in succession and mount again with undisturbed good humor the fourth time ; but this was nothing like what had ever happened before. Agatha went away and hid herself ; Clara was is white as a sheet, but she kept close to Jack and held his arm with her soft little hand, and Nevil looked mighty unga.tnforta.ble, as though he was out of place and knew" as Mrs. Hinten was in her room (as usual now), the others were all in the drawing-room, the girls with their hats on, ready Right of re-publication reserved by the author. to start. Jack alone was waited for he came. Directly he entered the room I and everybody for we all knew him so well felt that something unprecedented had happened ; something that made Jack's eyes gleam and sparkle like coals that made his face look twice as old as usual, and caused his voice, that no danger could have made father, to sound harsh and unnatural. He walked straight up to James, and said, as he held out the note that I recognised, " I need not ask if that's yours ; the name it unfortunately in full at the bottom." James cast one look at his brother, and then subsided ; seemed to vanish, leaving nothing but his clothes behind. I think he meant to bluster a bit at the start, but if so the notion vanished with one look at Jack's face ; even I felt frightened I "Davy," said Jack, "you are such an old friend that I cannot help saying what I have to say before you and that is that I wish that boy -my brother had died years ago rather than he had lived to do what this letter tells me he has done. By Heaven I if I had known that this could have happened I would have killed him myself." It was at this that Agatha fled, and Clara went up to Jack and passed her hand through his arm, as though she thought he might carry his awful threat into execution then and there. It was a scene I never want to witness again ; a man whom you have always looked upon as a being a little above human weakness and passion to suddenly change his nature, and show what he could be under the unchecked influence of anger, is a startling sight to see. Nevil leant against the mantelpiece looking admiringly at Clara as with a pale frightened face she gazed up at her brother's face. Jack turned to her " Clara, leave us for a while," " No, let me stay, Jack," she pleaded. He took her face between his hands and stooped and kissed her tenderly. " Go, dear," he said, "you can trust me." I She turned away with a half sob, and as she I passed James put her hand pityingly on his bowed head. Poor little girl ! she had no idea what had happened ; but it must have been something terrible, she know, to have so changed the brother who had nursed her as a baby and petted her as a child, without ever being unjust or unkind. Nevil stepped forward and opened the door for her. She gave him an imploring glance, as if to ask him to intercede for poor James, and then the door closed and only the three men were in the room. " Head that, Davy, said Jack, giving him the note ; " don't let any false delicacy stop you ; it is right you should know." Never read it. James had thrown himself back in his chair and sullenly folded his arms. " Do you understand it, can you guess what Hub boy has made himself accomplice to ?" asked Jack. " Surely not so bad as that, Jack !" said Nevil, looking half scared at his companion. " It matters little whether it is as criminal as appears on the surface, or whether the crime stops short of infringing the law ; his share in it (pointing at his brother, who was doggedly silent) " is the same equally despicable, aye, even almost worse in the latter case than the former." " I can say nothing in his defence, Jack ; only spare him this before me : talk to him by yourself." There was a long and painful pause ; then Jack spoke : " Will you promise me not to leave the house to-night, and to go to your room now ?" he said addressing his brother. " Yes !" said James, in a voice that seemed strangely harsh. Jack looked at the door, and the younger brother rose and passed out. "We must go on now," said Nevil; "but what will it lead to can you SB3 the end, old friend ? I fear to think." "I see," said Jack, not looking at his friend, but absently in front of him," a boy naturally inclined to be weak and vicious fall into the companionship of a treacherous scoundrel who takes advantage of his silly propensities to get him into his power, to make him do his dirty work-who makes him a liar, a hypocrite, and, worse, a skulking go-between betwixt his victim and himself and that boy is my brother. Shall I stop when I can run him down ? No ; I know what you will urge, Davy, but it would only be cruel kindness for the blow must come some day, and I think it should come from me." But we must trace this out, we must have time and we must still keep up appearances. I believe you are right, and, if it proves to be the worst, why after all it is better now than in the future ; but think, sleep on it," "And what shall I do with this wretched boy ?" "Send him up to my place. Grattan will see to him he can't do much mischief there." At this moment the door opened, and Clara stole in. " 0, Jack dear, what in the matter ? what has he done She cried going up to her brother. "Nothing, my girl, that I can tell you," he replied stroking her hair fondly. " But do ! perhaps it's my fault, if it's about money for he lost some the other night, and I threatened to tell you, but I didn't, and I'm so sorry now, for it might have stopped all this." " Money is the least part of it Davy can tell you that too and also that you cannot know I now how dishonorably he has acted." "Jack is quite right, Miss Da'uten ; you are better in ignorance," said Never in reply to her enquiring look. '' But James is dreadful ; when I spoke to him, as he went upstairs, he almost struck me ; what can it be ?" " There, never mind ; I'm going to send him for a trip up North, so you'll have to get his things ready ; the steamer starts the day after to-morrow." " 0, Jack, you don't mean it-so suddenly ?" " I mean it, and it's for his good. There, think as little of it as possible ; we'll put off the concert to-night, and I'll go up and speak to James alone. Wait for me, Davy." An awkward silence ensued after Jack's departure. " It's terrible to be in the dark when you know something has happened," said Clara at last, with the persistence of her sex. " Cannot you really tell me, Mr. Nevil !" she went on half coaxingly. " I can only tell you this much," he returned, " that your brother has not in any way transgressed the law ; it is the unwritten code that he has infringed upon and it has been that that has wounded Jack so sorely." " And, whatever it is, you will try and make Jack think as leniently as he can of it James is very young ; you will, Mr. Nevil ?" pleaded the pretty peacemaker. I wouldn't swear she added " for my sake : but Never looked as pleased as though she had. Did Jack come back too soon I am half inclined to think he did ; but at any rate I am certain that a much better understanding was established between those two that evening than had ever existed before Jack went out with Never that Clara looked the least bit self-conscious when Nevil shook hands with her I am not prepared to state ; but that she had found her color again, and looked the prettiest little girl to be seen in the colony, I will maintain on oath before a jury of magpies. I went to roost, and thought of " what great events from little causes spring" if James had not assaulted me this morning I should never have stolen that note, and there would have been none of this row. Never mind ; Bloomington is a very lucky man. Chapter XXVI. Gentleman been here to see you, sir," said the waiter to Nevil as he entered the building that credulous fancy and a Brisbane publican called a hotel. " Didn't he leave a card for a name?" " Yes, sir ;" and the waiter triumphantly produced a pasteboard with Don wick's name thereon and a pencil memo, attached stating that the owner of the name would call again at about 11 o'clock that night It was half-past 10 then, and before the appointed time Dunwick appeared. " You read Blouut'c letter ?" said Never after the first greetings had passed. "I did, and have inaJfe up my mind to go out at once ; provided of course you agree to my using the information, as you seemed to indicate when you gave it me to read." " Only for an unfortunate occurrence I would accompany you ; when well you start-by the first steamer f" " Yes, the day after to-morrow." " I'll give you a letter to Grattan, telling him to find you in horses, and a man. To Blount I have already written, and explained matters." " By the way," said Dunwich with apparent carelessness, "do you know who this Armstrong is he speaks of ?" "I have some sort of an idea, but although I have heard of him before we have never met to my knowledge or remembrance You is call again before you start, I suppose," said Never iib his visitor was leaving , " and by the way you can do me a favor There is a youngster called Danten going up to Riversdale in the same steamer as you are will you give an eye to him as much as possible ! he is inclined to kick over the traces Somewhat " Certainly, as far as is in my power , I'm eminently adapted to be a guide to erring youth Good night I Never went up to his bedroom, and threw him Belt without undressing upon his bed Affairs in general seemed to be getting complicated and he looked absently at his rather comfortless surroundings, in the vain hope of obtaining a happy idea that would show him a way out of his difficulties A well developed cockroach cleaning his face with his forelegs, and staring at Nevil over the edge of the candlestick suggested nothing The dressing table, with its character stir litter of old letters, brushes, cigars, neck- ties, and studs, had no inspiration to offer, and the contemplation of two pairs of boots on the floor afforded him little satisfaction He closed his eyes, but all his fancy could conjure up was a pretty girlish face that he had known so long and got so accustomed to that it astonished him to find himself thinking that it was pretty Then that vanished before the vision of a pair of warm dark eyes that only softened to him, though now they seemed to have a reproachful look in their depths, and so he passed into dreamland and sleep The candle on the table lived out its short life, flickered and wavered, throwing ghastly fantastic shadows on the walls and floor, then sank into its socket and left the room in darkness, but Never slept on until the post office clock struck 2 , then he suddenly awoke "Bul habit, going to sleep like this!' he muttered, as he kicked his boots viciously outside his door, making so much noise that his next neighbor demanded if it was a fire "Ouldie burnt out, too , 111 set some house on fire some day Everybody in bed I suppose, I'll have to go and steal a candle from some- body s room" The first door he tried was locked, and an indignant voice called out to know what was wanted "Only wanted to know how you were, returned Nevil kindly as he beat a hasty retreat, for it suddenly struck him that it was a room sacred to married people he had almost any ended The next attempt would have been a success only for the simple reason that the occupant had followed his example and gone to sleep leaving the candle burning The next door he tried admitted him into a room that appeared empty , but upon his striking a match a voice from the bed called out to know who the devil that was " I only want the horn of your candle, if you 've no further use for it, returned Nevil lighting the article in question, and turning towards the speaker ' Hum I ' said the other, " all right," and turned sleepily round " I may think myself denced lucky to get back without getting my head punched,' thought Nevil as he entered his room again , trust there will be nothing missing in the morning or I shall be accused of taking it Good Heavens The last exclamation was caused by the fact becoming patent to him that he had either mistaken his room or somebody else had been s, for a girl was standing by the dressing table who put her finger on her lips warningly, as he stopped in some slight confusion. The girl was Bell, or her ghost, and it was evident that she had something to say to him "Bell I how did you come here?' he said in an undertone after he had time- the door "I am a housemaid here now," she replied "I have been watching all night to speak to you, but your boots were not outside join done, so I thought you had not come home Then I heard you come out, but you did not hear me, and I was frightened to call loud ' " What is it you want to see me about, Boil , won't it wait till the morning ' ' "I might not have an opportunity in the morning, and I have a lot to say " " Well, sit down, said Nevil " I suppose, ' said the girl after a little hesita- tion, "Mr Dated told you of our last interview ? Nevil nodded "He said then,' she went out, that although you and he would not assist me in finding out anything about that wretch Bloomington, still if I wanted money help you would either of you give it me I note to Mr Darton six weeks ago asking him for some money to pay my passage to Melbourne a d back but he never answered it " " He could not have received it, Jack would keep his word to his worst enemy " "I wrote again, and got no answer Both letters could scarcely have miscarried " Were they addressed to his private hour of or to the office ? " To his own house ' "What sort of a fist do you write, Bell, good or bad? " Tolerably good " "Would you mind writing down Mr Danten's address, in your usual hand, just as you addressed those letters I think I know where they have gone to You is find pencil and paper there some- where " The girl did as he said, and handed it to him " Now go on "I saw Mr Danten once in the street, but there were some ladies with him, so of course I could not speak to him Then I thought it was no good writing again-that he did not want to be mixed up in it any more, or had forgotten me and I was very bald up, so could not go down i to Melbourne as I wanted I got a situation in a private family, and then saw the advertisement of this place , so as I remembered you generally st yed here I applied for it, and left the one I was then in It was only a chance, I knew, but it has turned up trumps ' " When did you enter this great establishment then Yesterday afternoon, and a steamer leaves to-morrow morning, that was why I was in such a hurry to see you " " And now we come to the question that you want some money to go to Melbourne, will it be rude if I ask why you want to go ? ' " I was going to tell you I heard that my sister was there, or was last seen there " Well, it is a singular coincidence your turn- ing up to night, for Mr Danten and I have found out something that has made us reconsider our former decision Now we'll make an agreement if I find you in money for this purpose, will you promise not to stir a step without con- suiting us, to tell us everything you find out, and to act only by our directions I will,' said the fire earnestly, provided you assure me that you will not spare him when the time comes " In s a bargain then," returned Nevil, " we 11 shake hands on it, Bell What a deal of mis directed energy there is in your character I wonder you have not been hanged before this you are such a good hater ' Nevil got up, and took a tr welling inkstand and his cheque book from his portmanteau " What time does the steamer Start ? " At 1 ' " Then you can get this cashed to morrow morning, he said, " and I will see you on board, and give you an address where it is probable you may bear something of your sister Write to Mr Darren , your letters will be safe now The girl took the cheque I dont know how to thank you and Mr Danten, she said with a suspicious tremble in her voice and after bidding him good night left the room [To Be costin um ] TvLk of the bravery of the sterner sex ! Do you remember the first time you asked her " Will you take my arm? While you trembled all over like the narrative of a stump tail dog, and experienced the sensation of having sw allowed your Adam's apple, what did she do Why, She took your arm as coolly as she would eat a pickle llOM vs loungers were treated to a rare spectacle recently on the Via Appia , a bicycle race between two ladies who both belong to the best society and are celebrated for their beauty They appeared on their iron steeds, arrayed in the most coquettish of Spanish hats, vests, and tights The fan winner was Mme Le Chair, the pretty wife of the First Secretary of the Belgian Legation A Highland bagpipes on his travels opened his wallet by a woodside, and sit down to dinner No sooner had he and grace than three wolves came about him To one he threw bread, to another meat till his provender was all gone at length he took up his bag pipes and began to play, at which the wolves ran away " Dell take ye, said the driverless piper, "an I had kennel you loved music she week, you should have had it before dinner " 