PKUTFFISSOR PEPPER. For nearly a third of a century the name of Professor Pepper has been associated with popuar science, chiefly in c wneciios iri h the Polytechnic Institution of Loc>lon, but frequently in tlie list of new inventors, a-d not seldom as the champion of valuable praetic 1 improTemi-nta, such as BecBi-mer steel, the electric light, modernised mans of locomotion, etc. Who amongst us, whose school-days we e parsed in En^lm 1, anywhere between the years 1815 and 1870, does not romtmber the IVrtechnie, and its wondrous variety of attractions, chief amongst which stood the facile lecturer and his brilliant experiments ? We all remember Douglas Jen-old's joke when he attended the institution, at one of the first vxhibitions of the mu<ical telephone, some thirty years ago. " W« 11 Pepper," said Jerrold " your friends are all mugtered,'* a pun, die pro cursor of many s-ores of similar pleasantries dealin|: with the professor's name, as he daily grew mors ant more popular. The dissolving rtm, now so well Understood, but then qute a puzzle >o tin majority, drew large nndicnces together with many successive years, bo, too, did the lrctu es on a vast variety of scientific Subj cts, all couched in straightforward terms, and attended with ranch to please the eye as well as the ear. Then came the celebrated Ghost Illusion, which aloue netted £12,000 in one year at the Polytechnic and has since been utilised in a mnltitiideof fonnr, all productive of much pecuniary benefit to their exhibitors. But it was not only as a caterer for public amusement that Professor Pepper earned his fiopu arity. The amount of solid good effected by his lectures to working-men. his classes for teac'-ing chemistry, physics, i'rencK, German, and mathematics, at the lowest possible fees, availed of by thousands of Londoners, is net easily estimated. They gained him the friendship and .support of tiie Prince Consort, and added the names of the entire £oyal Family to the list o r frequenters at the institution. Batil trua emphatically as the friend of the people—throwing open the doors of the laiiy land of science for a shilling per Tisitor—that Professor Pepper earned Jus plaoein the minds of the British public, and a2hiev;d for the Polyteehnic a worldwide reputation. It was daring this period that he publi»hed his principal works, inclnding "Cyclopce die Science '—a f ast for the veriest glutton at the well-scrrrd ta le ortr which the professor presides. In 1872 Professor Pepper visited America, wh.re he was cordially welcomed by the leading scientific men of that countr , and met with a reception little short I an ovation at the bands of the American public. On bis r torn te England be entered npon a fresh series of lnciares in London and, the provincial cities, all eminently successful, and in February last he accepted an offer to visit Australia- He it expected to arrive in Melbourne by the Xaaitania about the 6th July.— Telegraph. 