ALES, ETC. MAUREEN DHU- TTTR ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. BY MBS. J. SABLIEE. CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) AFTER lingering for some minutes outside the church dopr, the Fitzstephen family were at last seated in their barouche, and the coachman got orders to drive on slowly, the road being thronged with the dense congregation. It was easier said than done, however, for the surly Claddagh men Beemed to take a perverse pleasure in impeding the way of the horses, while the youngsters thought it rare fun to crush and crowd around the carriage, making their own comments on the dress and appearance of "the quality from town." Fitzatephen leaned listlessly back in the carriage eyeing the crowd on either side with a curious but uninterested eye, when all at once a loud, harsh voice at the horses' head arrested his attention, and he started at once into sudden animation. The voice was that of Randal More addressing the coachman : " What for do you make your horses ?;o so fast ?" said the civic functionary, 'you mean to drive over us, do you?" and he wrathfully seized the reins next him and brought the horses to a sudden halt. "You wait here now till the people pass—if you stir a step, you'll not be thankful to yourself." The driver having a wholesome fear of the Claddagh boys, made no answer, but held in his horses as well as he could. The ladies, especially Margaret and her mother, were somewhat alarmed, and begged Giles to speak to the fierce, old man. When they turned to look for him he was already out of the carriage and had his hand on Randal's shoulder. "Come, come now, (Admiral! don't be so impatient—yon know we wouldn't harm a hair of your heads." "Why, God bless my soul, Mr. Fitz., is it yourself that's in it P" "It is indeed, Randal! I brought my mother and sisters out here to Mass this morning, little expecting to fall foul of your worship!" " Clear theroad there in front!" shouted the mayor, "make way for Mr. Fitzstephen's carriage!" Aquickermovement Was instantly perceptible amongst the sluggish multitude, and in a surprisingly short space of time a free passage was left all along the road. " I'll tell you what, Mr. Fitz.!" said Vara Halliday, "there isn't many in Gal way town, out from the prieBts, that we'd do that for! Your servant, ladies !" with an awkward attempt at a curtsey, and speaking in English, " It's welcome you are to the Claddagh this bright Sunday morn. But I'm sure it's a cure for sore eyes to see you in it—God's blessin' on your purty faces." "An' that's what they are, Vara!" observed her son-in-law, " sure it's new life to look at themI" " Is the sight of beauty, then, so new in the Claddagh J" asked Fitzstephen, in an under tone, as he met the radiant glance of Maureen, beaming full on him for a moment, then as suddenly veiled by her long silken lashes. A proud smile flashed across the girl's face, showing that she felt the application of Fitzstephen's question pnt in her own language. She had taken a hasty survey ;of the ladies, and her girlish timidity shrank before their awful grandeur, especially when she aaw them point her out to each other. After a cordial shake hands with Rannal and Vara, and a whispered " Good bye, Maureen," Fitzstephen was stepping into the carriage when Maureen's low voice met his ear: " Wouldn't you wait for one minute, sir, the child wants to see the ladies," and she raised in her arms a little girl of some six or seven years old, who had been plucking her by the skirt ever since the carriage stopped. ' The child, Maureen 1 What child ?" said 1 Fitzstephen, turning and fixing his eyes on the fairy-like, hunch-backed creature who was too intent on the ladies to look at him. "Goodheavens! what a singular-looking child—and yet she is strangely pretty—who—what is she ?" "Why, this is little Nanno, sir, my Nanno—" " Four Nanno, Maureen—yours, did you say?" "To be sure I did, your honour—I always call her so—and she is my Nanno—arn'tyou, sweet one 9" The ohild, never deaf to that voice, answered by clasping Maureen's neck closer, but still without taking iter eyes from the ladies in thecarriage. "Do, for gracious sake, get in, Giles!" «ned Margaret,' in; a petulant, fretful tone'; "are you going to beep us hereall day—I am sick of thu place." And she was sick, too, for when *her brother got into the carriage he found her leaning back pale as a ghost, fanning herself with all her might. Her mother and sister had been so deeply interested in the O'Hara family that they paid no attention to Margaret. Now they were all anxiety; a brace of smelling-bottles were produced, but Mrs. Behan would have none of them; to get away from the village, she said, was all she required; yet when the carriage was in motion, she began all at once to gaze intently on the group so quaintly picturesque, so oddly composed. What was it that arrested Margaret Behan's attention that she turned her head to look back after her brother had nodded a parting salute to each and the carriage rolled away P Was it the dark, weird features of old Vara, bearing the impress, in the depth of their lines and wrinkles, of strong passion and womanly energy ? Was it rather the bold, self-confident, and .self-relying spirit so plainly written on Randal's weather-worn visage i or, was it the youthful, willowy grace of Maureen's figure and the potent charm that dwelt in her large, soft, Spanish eyes ? Surely it could not be the queer little child that Maureen was just setting down from her arms? And yet, come to look at that little Nanno Kenny, with the preternatural intelligence of her dark, hazel eyes, the delicate beauty of her small, infantile features, and the fearful load of a hump which bowed her down almost to the ground, .there was something to make one look and look again, and looking so you made the strange discovery that so far from being repulsive, that deformed little creature was quite as interesting as even Maureen Dhu herself. "Well, to be sure, what a queer people they are!" was Mrs. Fitzstephen's remark, as they cleared the village, and left the last of the gazing multitude behind. "I never was so struck with their peculiarities as I have been to day 1" " What a lovely creature that Maureen Dhu is!" said Charlotte, in her calm, passionless way ; " in fact, she is more than lovely, she is positively splendid— don't you think so, Giles ?" Bat Giles was, or appeared to be, lost in thought, and Charlotte was forced to repeat her question: " Don't you think her a perfect beauty, Giles?" Who P" with a start. " Who ! why, Maureen Dhu, to be sure. What do you think of her ?" "Think ! well, I really don't know— I don't profess to be much of a connoisseur— but it seems to me that there is something more than mere beauty in her. I have never examined the girl's features critically, but I quite agree with you, Charlotte, that there is an undefinable something about her that—" he was going on quite gravely and composedly when his mother and Charlotte burst out laughing. "You quite agree with me!" said Charlotte, much amused, "why, I said no such thing—I fancy it is with yourself you agree on the subject—only for the cold, listless way in which you speak of her I would begin to fear that her beauty had cast its spell on you, my wise brother—but then you discuss her as if she were a statue." " Upon my honour, mother! our grave Charlotte is coming out!" said Fitzstephen, laughingly, to his mother; " she iB worse now than wild Maggie— but what iB the matter, Margaret ?" he asked, with sudden earnestness, as he noticed the young widow's abstraction, so very unusual in her. "Not much indeed, GileB," and she made a strong effort to shake off the secret uneasiness which weighed down her spirit. "I think one week in the Claddagh would finish me, anyhow. It will take me all day- to get over the sickness that I feel now." " Did any of you notice that poor little hunchback?" said Mrs. Fitzstephen, almost interrupting her daughter, "I cannot get that child out of my head." " Nor I either, mother," said her son, quickly; " it haunts the mind like a little spectre—did you see it, Maggie 1" "Why, dear me I no," she exclaimed, with the same petulance as before ; " I assure you I was too anxious to getaway to pay much attention to any one much less a child—but what can be the matter with those horses—for pity's sake, Giles, tell that stupid Ned to drive on—I shall be dead before we get home at this rate of going. Gatch me in the Claddagh again, and then you may give me a dose of fish- scales! Such a visit may do for an ethnologist or ^renologist, or another class that shall now be nameless," and she looked maliciously at her brother; " bnt certainly it has no interest for me." " Fie! fie! Margaret, how yon do talk J" said her sister, reproachfully. "I wonder will she ever learn to control her' tongoe!" said her mother, seribnsly. 4 * ' Fitzstephen said nothing, but he gave Margaret s look that sank deeper than any mere words from another could possibly do, and for the remainder of the way she sat in pouting silence with the air of a person who considered herself much injured. During the evening hours of that same Sunday Maureen Dhu was seated on a high bank at the end of the quay with Aileen Rhua by her side, and Nanno at her feet. They had been talking of many things, that is Maureen and the old woman, for Maureen loved - to hear the tales of old times and Aileen loved to tell them. Many a fearful story did Aileen tell of water-wraiths and sheeted ghosts, seen by the fishermen gliding over the midnight waves, of Banshees wailing and shrieking around the doomed bark on stormy seas, and of faithful hearts mysteriously bound together and cruelly severed by the hand of fate. " So you think there's a fate in marriage, Aileen?" asked her attentive auditor, at the close of one o£ the latter kind. " I'm as sure of it, Maureen, as I'm of death and judgment. Sure it's easy to see it, astore! for it's only fate that could bring some couples together. Oh ! many and many's the strange match I heard of in the town within when I used to stand the market. There's the Fitzstephens now that were in the chapel above at Mass this morning—" "Ay! them beautiful ladies," said little Nanno, who had till now been intent on watching the passing vessels, and the various row boatB skimming the water along shore. " I'm thinking— thinking of them ever since—one of them especially." " Who—how is that, darling ?" said Aileen, with surprise. "What makes you be thinkin' about such grand people as them ?" " I don't know," said the child, in an absent, dreamy way. " I think I used to dream about a face like that lady's with bright fair curls, a long time ago when I was a little weeny thing." " Ah, then, when was that, alanna machree ?" asked Maureen, with a merry laugh; " weren't you ever and always the same little darling fairy you are now no bigger or no smaller? I believe you're as old as your granny." "May be I am, then—myself doesn't know, but I know I often dreamed of that fair lady, anyhow." Aileen fixed her eyes abstractedly on her grandchild's face, and strange thoughts flitted through her mind, thoughts too visionary to be told. She was roused by the voice of Maureen. "You were speaking of the Fitzstephens, Aileen—" " Was I, dear ?—ani what was I saying P" " You were talking of strange marriages among them, or something like that." "Ay ! sol was, but sure after all, I never got to the bottom of things as some did—it's Noddy Kinsella could tell you all about the Fitzstephens—if she'd only do it." By this time the mists of evening were thickening all around, the last gleam of sunshine had long since faded from the far-off mountains, and the Bhades of night began to obscure the entire face of Nature. Nanno crept up on Maureen's knee and hid her head in her bosom, murmuring, " I'm afraid." " Afraid, achorra! what of ?" "Oh ! the water—it looks so black and so deep—and the great wide sky—up there—granny come home! Nanno* s afeard!" Aileen rose as quickly as her infirmities would permit, and Maureen stood up with the childj pressed closely in her arms. Even her curiosity, so strongly aroused, gave way to ber tender anxiety for her cherished darling. The hour and the place were somewhat lonely. The straggling parties of young men and maidens who had been enjoying the balmy eve in each other's company, had one after another passed on their homeward way, cracking their good-humoured jokes on the strange fancy that kept Maureen and her aged companion sitting so long in such a place. "Give the child to me, Maureen!" said a deep, manly voice behind her; " She's too heavy for you." Maureen was at first somewhat startled, but speedily recognising Shan Driscoll, she willingly placed the_ child in his arms, laughing as she did so. " Why, then, Shan I what in all the world brought you here ? I was almost frightened when you spoke." "An' me, too," said Aileen, "just because it came so sudden on us, and us not thinking there was anyone in it but onrselves." " Maureen, "(said Shan, in a voice that only reached her own ear, " I was lying on the strand behind the rock most of the time yon sat there. I was in heaven listening to your voice, "which I don't hear often now- a-days." . A light, coquettish laugh was the only answer. " Maureen," said Shan, after a use, "you love this child—" and he pressed the little creature to his heart. ' I do, Shan, there is scarce anything in this world I love better;" here her voice faltered, but still she weut on, although ina somewhat lower tone," and, Shan Driscoll! listen to what I'm going to say: there isn't a time I look at her, but what I think of yon, for you brought her baok from the jaws of death." Shan was silent,for a moment. His heart was full of troubled, fearful joy, and lie would not speak lest the blissful illusions might vanish even at the sound of his own voice. He knew by sad experience the strange, wayward being with whom he had to deal. At length he said, in a low, uncertain, yet fervent tone : " May God for ever bless you, light of my life 1 if I died to- morrow them words of yours would be in my heart, and my heart is not sand, Maureen !" " Do you tell me so ?" said Maureen, in her most playful tone, " well, that's queer, anyhow!—ha ! ha! here's our Barney—and gran as I'm a living woman !" and so saying she bounded off to meet them, regardless, it would seem, of the bitter, bitter pang her apparent levity had inflicted on Shan's true heart. " Hillo! Shan, is that you ?" said Barney, " I'm glad to meet you now, for my father wants you up at the house. We'll be out as early as we can tomorrow." 'To be sure—I've everything ready since last night." " Well, come along, at any rate. Father sent me for you. Why, Aileen 1 What's your hurry, honest woman? I thought Maureen here was purty light afoot, but, blow me ! if she can hold a candle to you. Shan Driscoll! what's that you said ?" Shan had not opened his lips. " You want to bespeak Aileen for a jig at your wedding—do you hear that, Aileen ?" ' I do," said the aged crone, turning slowly round, so as to face the young people, her wizened face showing fearfully ghastly in the deepening gloom of twilight. " I do, Barney, but I'll go bail all I'll dance at his wedding won't tire me. Ha ! ha ! ha !" There was a strange solemnity in her manner that contrasted disagreeably with hpr mocking laugh, the wheezing, cackling laugh of extreme old age. Everyone felt the chilling effect of Aileen's words and manner; but Shan, unwilling to let it appear that he felt it, called out after her : " Don't be cross, Aileen! and I will dance the first dance with you—if Maureen, won't be jealous !" " Maureen!" repeated the old woman, with scornful emphasis, and again she laughed and trotted on her way without turning to look behind. Maureen was not slow in taking up the latter part of the sentence. " I'd be entirely obliged to you,|Mister Shan Driscoll! if you wouldn't make so free with my name—its little I'll have to do with your weeding, depend upon it!" Maureen ! Maureen ! don't speak so to poor Shan!" said little Nanno, suddenly raising her head from the young man's shoulder; " Nanno loves Shan—don't be angry with him!" (To be continued.) 