COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good'enough to l forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are , taken, and the date.l SYDNEY, JOLT 22. At the Theatre Royal since my last we have had " Richelieu" and " Hamlet," in both of which characters Mr. Creswick has delighted his audiences, although unfortunately while playing "Richelieu" he was suffering from hoarseness. MisB Aehton was an agreeable Julie, and surprised everyone by her delicate portrayal of Ophelia, which is decidedly the best impersonation Bhe has given as. Of Miss Oliver's Osric I may remark that Shak epearian characters should not be dressed in " leg" burlesque costume. Of the remainder of the cast the lesB said the better. The benefit given at the Theatre Royal on Saturday afternoon turned out to be an immense success, and will realiae about £250 for Mrs. F. M. Bates. The principal professionals both of the Opera, Pinafore Company, Theatre Royal Company, and Variety Company (now playing at the Aca demy of Music), all lent their gratuitous aid. Mr. Lazar gave the theatre free, and the printers and bill-posters did everythinggratis. The performance was very successful, and the audience by their enthusiasm showed that they had parsed a pleasant afternoon. At the Victoria, "Aida" has been the at traction during the week, and it has drawn good houses. " La Sonnambula " was played on Friday, with Madame Hereee as Amina. and the critics speak very highly of her, ana certainly with the public she is the success of the company. " Pinafore " at the Queen's is still drawing crowded houses. At the School of Arts the exhibition of New Zealand views meets with a fair share of patronage. The amusement ia pleasingly varied by songs contributed by Mr. Shaw Cross. There was a matinee on Saturday for schools and children. At the Academy of Music there is good attendances, and Little Mattie and the Taylor Troupe acquit themselves with continued success. On Saturday morning the wife of Mr. H. E. Walton, director of this theatre, died at her residence, after a protracted illness, and in consequence Mr. Walton did not appear in the evening. Mr. Dam pier and his clever little daughters concludeda very profitable engagement at the Newcastle Theatre on the 16th. He con cluded with a mcUin6e, at which "Helen's Babies " was die attraction, and an evening performance, at which "The Royal Pardon was tbe principal item. STILUS, ADELAIDE. Notwithstanding that the City Council have set their faces against theatre- going, and maintain the streets in an almost im passable state of mud, the production of " Henry V." here has attracted full houses. Mr. Rignold, as the personator, is at one with the creator of Henry V. on the stage. Nature has fitted him for the part with striking features, strongly- knit frame, and resonant voice. He does not abuse these gifts in any particular-indeed, it may be objected that his elocution is too level, so free is it from undue straining. Each point in action which suits the word is most care fully observed. Every available opportunity is seized to heighten dramatic effect For instance, before Hariieur, the King beginB the celebrated " Once more unto the breach, dear friendB," &c.;, amid a shower of sparks just emitted from the mouth of a cannon which explodes as the scene is discovered. This is one of many artful contrivances used whereby striking episodes in the pageant un rolling .before our eyes are impressed upon us. We -seem to see in Mr. Rignold's Henry V. a born leader of men, and marvel no longer that Agincourt was won against such fearful odds. His voice is exactly the voice one would wish in a soldier, penetrating and ringing. Even' when, as IB sometimes the caBe, a martial impetuosity hurries him on into partial unintelligibleness, the very tones inspire confidence, and ifbecomes natural that soldiers should follow such a captain to the death. Miss Watt-Tanner, as Chorus, was most tastefully attired. Her utterances, however, thbugh .delivered with proper emphasis, are not efficiently" powerful numbers. Despite gloom? presages, all con cerned are reaping golden harvests. The manly, dignified, nna lion-hearted King, as Mr. Hignold presents bin, proves irresistible. The piece now works ffoin beginning to end without a hitch, its tableaux and stirring battle sceneB being especially admirea. Beside the King, all the other characters appear stoall indeed. There are a vast number of extra people engaged, who ex hibit various degrees o! badness, but, as a whole, nothing so attractive as ' Henry V." has been placed before local playgoers for years. At the Academy the Lynch Family of Bell ringers are performing to indifferent houses, ana a burlesque version of " Henry V." is an nounced. D'Arcy Read's ghost entertainment opens at White's-rooms shortly. Dr. Silvester (the Fakir of Oolu) was at Colombo, Ceylon, on June 21. His suspen sion business was received with much ap proval. 