MACBETH. ♦ ? In aid of a good object criticism is disarmed, and all the credit which can be assigned to those who devote their time and talents to it, is only their duo. Several gentlemen wishing to afford interesting and wholesome amusement to the public, and with a view to increase the funds of the Church of England Young Men's Society undertook a very arduous task, in reading Macbeth, without the usual scenic effects. It is scarcely oar duty to make invidious distinctions where all did so well, and their efforts were appreciated — not by a numerous audience, but by one which could understand the true render ing of those passages which have become English classic literature. We have seer. Macbeth on other stages, on the boards in London ; and labouring under similar difficulties (in evening costume), Kean, Macready, or G. V. Brooke could not have done the part better than did Mr. G. W. Leake. Lady Macbeth, as repre sented by Mr. James, was the personifi cation of tragedy out of petticoats. Our blood curdled, and tbe little hair we had stood on end — it was perfection. We only hope he will try the part again. Duncan and Macduff were representsd by Mr. Mayhew, and if those Scots had risen froai their graves, they would have acknow ledged the truthful delineation of those characters which Shakspere drew. Mr. Compton, as Hecate, held a difficult posi tion from want of the usual accessories, bat there was no mistaking his full reuder iug of the character. liauquo did his share in the flesh, but would have made an uncommonly comfortable, cheerful looking ghost. Lennox was somewhat a secondary part, but its merits were recognized. To the ladies who assisted in the chorus, the audience voted by common consent that they well performed their parts. The chorus was ably-aupported by Mesrra. Wilkinson, Rosser and Burnham. To Messrs. Comptou, Pether, and Griffiths, we can only say, that such musical talent we hope it may be our lot to hear fre quently. Taking all in all — we quote from Bhakepere — ' A!! is well ?nd'-d.' 1 