CHURCE AND SCHOOL LANDS. ( From S. M. Herald.) The particular reason given by Sir Henry Parkes for adjourning thedebateon the Church aud School land question, had not much force in it. He expressed a desire to know the exact state of the aocount ; but the state of the account is neither hero nor there in a debate of the sort that has now beon raised. The real isBue is one of principle, not of figures. At the same time it was quite reasonable that the debate should be adjourned. A hurried and inconsiderate decision is not to be wished for ; and the more closely honourable members study the history of this grant the more prepared they will be finally to deoide on its disposal. The lawyerB have had much to say on this subject, and their opinions have naturally had great weight with politicians. But this is really more a political than a legal question. Lawyers, from the nature of their studies, are liable to be carried captive by words ; and the word " trust," is one that is surrounded by associations of great rigour. Private trusts have properly enough been alwayB pro tected by Courts of Equity with extreme care, and when this Churoh and Sohool Estate is described as a " trust," the ideaB associated with a private trust naturally spring up, even un bidden, in the mind of a lawyer, and it re quires some robustness of intellect, and some breadth of view to appreciate the difference between a private trust and a national endow ment. A glance at the early history of the grant will throw a good deal of light upon the seose in which this ostate can be considered as a trust estate in the ordinary legal meaning of the term. King George IV., whether moved hy his well-known piety, or stirred up by gentle hints from ecclesiastical quarters, gave instructions tbat an area of land, afterwards defined as one- seventh pait of the area of New South Wales, should be handed over in trust for the benefit of the Churoh of England in the colony, for religions and educational purposes — the Church of England being at that time the only recognised agent of the Government for the promotion of religion and education. Here we have then all the elements con nected with a trust — there iB the trustor, there are the trustees, there is the cestui que trnst, and there is the property whioh is the subject of the trust — all four being clearly defined. Now let our readers consider what oDe- seventh of tbe area of the colony meant. It meant not only one-seventh of our present magnificent provinoe, but one. seventh of all tbat iB now Queensland, one-seventh of all that is now Victoria, and probably one- seventh of all tbat is now South Australia, inclusive of its Northern Territory. Well, after creating this magnificent trust, what did the royal trustor to ? He altered his purpose, recalled his promise, forbade the alienation of any more land to the trustees, and reduced the grant from one-seventh of old New Sonth Wales to half a million acres ! A more ginantic change, in the nature of a trust, was never made, and it might take tbe breath out of any black-letter lawyer who stipulated for the unalterable character of every form of wordB that could be held to create a trust. That was change the first. Change the second consisted in the dissolution of the cor poration of trustees. That body, as the guardians of a particular churoh, was dis- solvsd, and the Government which was trustee for the whole coloDy was in that capacity set to manage this shrivelled residium of the estate originally named. No one other than those who had to care for the whole country had henceforth to care for this estate. This ohange was provided for as a possibility in the original charter ; but when made it wos none the less great, because the possible necessity for it bad been forecasted. Change the third was a variation in the parties directly interested in the property. The British Government through its agent, the then colonial Governor, deprived the ; Church of England of its sole interest iu the I estate, and distributed the proceeds amongst 1 four churches, this distribution being intended i not for the benefit of churches as sncb, but j " for . the maintenance and promotion of religion, and the education'' of 'youth in the colony." The fourth change was wheD, on the con- cession of responsible Government, tbe Im perial control of the public lands in this colony, and with them tbe control of this I church and school estate, was passed over to the colonial Government. Now let our readers who are haunted with the idea of the sacredness of a continuing trust recapitulate to themselves these changes that have happened. As we said, there were originally the trustor, the trustees, the cestui que trust, and the property the subject of the trust, all well defined. Every one of these has been changed. The trustor has been changed, the trustees have been changed, tbe cestui que trnst has been changed, and the property has been changed. Instead of an Imperial Government we have a popular Go vernment, dependant on the popular vote ; instead of a body of trustees, responsible to a court of equity, we have an ex-officio Cabinet, responsible only to Parliament — trustor and trustees having thus become smelted into one ; instead of one church as a benefioiary, we have four ohurohes, the number of which might just as easily have been inoreased to half a dozen ; instead of an estate of many millions of acres we have only the smaller property of half a million acres. Was ever such a change made in a trust before ? And yet we have people who gravely tell ns tbat the original grant was a sacred- deposit, and that all succeeding Governments are bound to it. Sir John Cutler's stockings were said to be identically the same, although in con sequence of innumerable darnings not a single thread of the original hose remained. In the same way the church and schools' estates trust is said to survive, although every element that goes to form a trust has undergone a transformation. Bnt if it survives it is only as the ghost of its former self, and whatever new metamorphosis it may be fated to under go, it oan hardly be less recognisable as compared with its original shape. With this so-called trnst .we cannot do more in the future than has already been done in the past, viz., change everything oonneeted with it. If we alter the property itself that will be . no novelty. If we alter its management, tbat will be no novelty. If we alter its destina tion, tbat will be no novelty. We shall only repeat what the original trustor did. It must be olear to every one, that if there was anything sacred and unalterable with respect to the original grant, no sect but the Churoh of England has BDy claim to tho annual proceeds, and that ohnroh in Queens land, in Viotoria, and in Sonth Australia still retains its trust-rights, of which no mere political separation could deprive it. But, on the other hand, if the Government, acting on behalf of the whole community, was free to ohooso the Churoh of Fagland as its agent for spending this endowment, and free also to assooiate three other churches with it, it is equally free to choose a dozen churches more, or to ohoose no church at all. A national endowment is appropriable at the discretion of the national Legislature, and the very choice of the Government to manage this property was in itself a dissolution of all re sponsibility except tbat whioh all govern ments owe to their people. The good of the whole community is tbe only guide which a Government can possibly have in discharging its duties, and there can, from the natnre of the case, bo no trust resting in a Government more sacred than of employing the national resources for tbe highest good of the nation. The Government is a trustee of the whole national estate and of all the national in terests, and all smaller irnsts merge in and become part of this large and all com prehending trnst. This is a trust which always survives. 