Gympie. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] We have along with the rest of the world, been holding high holiday this Easter-tide, and the weather proving delightful quite on exception to the general rule with us when holiday times come round all the out-door amusements were very largely patronised. At the Oddfellows' demonstration and athletic sports, which were held in the exhibition grounds on Easter Monday, there was a very large attendance of old and young probably 2500 were present The amount realised by the fete was somewhat more than £80 ; so notwithstanding the dull times we manage to find a little money for a small amount of mild dissipation, and probably are none the worse off for it Indeed, there seems to be a considerable amount of Mark Tapley's philosophy extant in our midst, which can make merry under the most crushing difficulties. " It is a poor heart that never rejoices," and there is much need of the Mark Tapley spirit to buoy up the unlucky miner who has been wooing the fickle goddess, it may be for long years, without receiving a ghost of a smile in return for all his labor. Besides the sports, a cricket match was played on the Recreation Ground Natives v. the World in which the latter proved victorious, with six wickets to fall. The ball in the exhibition building at night was said to be the most successful and enjoyable ever held at Gympie. Everybody was pleased, and, as is usually the case on this model goldfield, everything passed off decorously and agreeably. As a natural sequel to this pleasant relaxation and amuse- ment, the labors of the mine and the search for the precious metal are again engaged in with renewed seat, for there is much of truth in the homely proverb, " All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." Several good finds are reported from various parts of the field during the week, of which No. 2 north Lady Mary still occupies the front rank. From that mine of hidden wealth, which not be very long since was so little thought of that its former possessor sold it for a five-pound note, another splendid mass of golden stone was taken on Tuesday ; it was about 120 lb. in weight, and was estimated to contain between 6000\. and 700 oz. of gold. A stone of a similar character, and obtained from near the same locality, supposed to contain 300oz., I mentioned in letter about a fortnight since. The lucky holders of this claim have just completed a small. crushing of 22 tons at the Gympie machine, with the magnificent yield of 19oz. retorted gold, or upwards of 8oz. to the ton. The shareholders could not be induced to keep these two splendid pieces of golden stone for exhibit at the Sydney International Exhibition, but put them with the rest, remorselessly, under the stampers. The show of gold in the Nicholls leasehold claim continues equally good, if it does not im- prove. Yesterday afternoon at a breaking-down of the reef some very handsome specimens were obtained. In the adjoining claim, West Monk- land, the stone being raised shows fair gold, and hopes are entertained that the monotony of the ever-recurring call will soon cease, and that re- munerative yields will be the order of the day. In the Caledonian United Company's mine there is nothing of a novel character to report The crosscut on the 250ft. level is being pushed ahead, and will probably intercept the Alma reef in a week's time. In the South Louisa Company's mine a fresh discovery was made at the commencement of the week, A small leader has been intercepted, in a crosscut being advanced to prove the western ground, on the 30ft level, containing coarse gold ; it is supposed to be a feeder of the main reef, which it is expected will be met with at no great distance ahead. The crushing plant located at Kilkivan for the development of the Rise and Shine reef has been sold to the Dawn Extended for the sum of 5500, and now that the plant is about to be removed from the ground there is a considerable outcry to the effect that the Shine reef has never been thoroughly tested, and that it would be a gross blunder to take away the battery to re-erect it on the Dawn when there is every likelihood of a reef equally rich being now within easy distance of the stampers. Even the tailings from the machine are said to furnish a yield of 18dwt. to the ton. No doubt the shareholders in the Dawn will discuss the question among themselves, and, should it appear desirable so to do, will not be slow to recognise the advantage which it is said awaits the enterprise of an energetic company and management to realise. The North O'Connell (Tribute Company are now beginning to raise stone with some despatch. They have sunk their western shaft to a depth of nearly 60ft., and have established good ventilation by cutting a " pass " into the old workings. In the south drive, on the 40ft level, a nice cluster of specimens was obtained at a breaking-down of the reef about a week since estimated to contain about 10oz or 12oz. The crushings which have taken place during the week comprise 21 tons from No. 2 north Lady Mary, which gave a return of 45oz. retorted gold, crushed at the Gympie machine. At the Phoenix machine 342 tons from the mine yielded 45oz. 6dwt of smelted gold obtained during the last three weeks. 