The Great I.cform:ittion. ' (Fro the Sydney Daily Telegrah. ) WWHAT the Papal party of ecclesiastico political propagandists are pleaed ..to call the' " Great .?,oslty "x may with more truth and proprity c -lled the ' Great tReformation." l'h?l?i point of the improvement which has ?cen effected is the exclusion of these.ecclesiaatics from political plane, paly, and power, and the abolition of tittto-aid for' the teaching of creeds; and catechisms . In regard td public primary secool eduiction, this-reformation consists in the exclusion of all .dogmatic theology from the curriculuni of siubjects 'taught by the'. schoolmaster, and wlvhicli would be better-left: out. altogether, as the visiting theological teachers produce nmore confusion, discord, and waste of time than their ser vices cian possibly be worth to the cause of true.roligion. Although our public schools arsenot Romap Catholic, they are Catholic christinit, in tll ir hiving the substance of Biblical teachiin ins thei Scripture lesson books d osi? tian doctrine instruct ss eatt l'd ireo?h, the reading books. er presc bli school system is the result of a th?iy ears' war between the civil pow1cr atl the ecclesiasticiset .cfiflyy.aqfftho Papa sect of Catholic ,Christianity. And now the audacious pro. Dpisal is mado, that our legislators, who have been struggling for the welfare of the entire conmmmunty in this respect for such a long period, should undo the whole work of this tlhirty years' war, and by Act of Parliament, establish a public system of discordant theological sects on a worse plan' than has ever before been known in the colony. We may see what we shall give up in such a case, by considering that our present system of public schools is-1i. Coisistent ,with the "fuill .revlation of Jesus Christ'"' as made known in the Gospels· and Apostolic writings, which the proiuulgators of the pastoral letters say they, as Christians, are bound to teach ; and which, we may be sure, our public school teachirs are bettrja able to give instruction in thaus our. Pap 1 priest. 2. This systemo is ellicint,' and ucceeds where sectional systems; 'such 'as that proposed' by these IRomish ecclesiasti , are sure to fail, as has beien proved in thi colony and throughout the civilized worh , whore the priesthood have led the. coi ol of public education. 3\. It res ectis~ $ s te ht f Wlscience, which a sectar a system vou l ot; perhaps in some c s cs uld t. . s just in its bearing, because i afords equal advan tages to all alike by means of the public purse, without the cashling of rival interests of a sectional ch racter. 5. It affords similhu means of in, ruction under properly qualified teachers in ell lHarts of the country, and can thus train to best intellects in all the lahnd without luct or sectarian prejudice. (i. It is economi it, because where, ea national.systet ex tIs education is given caleaplyi whereas, here only a euctalriau hynsthn is found 'et atiin la costly as well at hi;thhvirll 7. I l rl aan:::;:ia l, basept it recognizes and illproves all the natural gifts of the Heavenly Father, some of which are likely to 1be virtually, if not wilfully, rejected or neglected by those " who,. in struggling to constrain men to approach Himi unoer their guidance, prevent a large number fromn approaching Himn at all, or studying. His works or word:", 8; It deserves'well'of Christianity and truthl by combiiin?g thl e intlligence of tlh peslle on the proints "of iunion; aiid .coisent; ratler. than repelling them by stress upon contested dogimas , and:! thus, by presolitinig :truth in, dciu proportions to all, it prepares that frame of mind which is -fittest for the reception of religion and the study of atbre . 0\. It is charitablei becauseo" it.e?eks! not its own," but advocates geonoral boefits for the va~st niajeicity of the ipeople.: 10."Iis hiones, because as regards State endeavours it does not relipudiate but accepts a plaiil duty :to. initrudt; and it thus precludes that viciouss coinpetition which dissipates large ineans in effectual labours, and which, hav in?'its: life in contention. necessitates the selectidr of teachers of particular tenets, .andidefies the supervision of single-minded: inspection on behalf of the .public. These and. many other reasons may .be seen in b:i.Riadoen's' work on 'f National Educa tio'" '(Melbourne, 1853), for considerations byour;ilegislators before they consent to give up, on the "stand and deliver " style of commnd .by Italian ecclesiastics, the fruits, of educational. legislation during the ydear'since 1848. These main claim a right to teach fronm the words of our.Lord, when he said, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing therin unto the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy, Ghost'.';: (Matt. xxviii. 19.) But surely this command had no reference to primaylschobol instruction; indeed, it is by no means evident that the order was meant for priests at all. It is the main objoct. of :the Great Reformation of the nineteenth century to dispense with the services of the priesthood, as ananachronism, and to elevate the evangelists to the spiritual oversight of the churches of Christ. Our children in the public schools have the Gospel of the grace of God in their hands, and they are taught to read, and under stitid what they read.. This is the sum and substance of the. Bible; and " the Papal, the material, the intellectual forces may dash thimselves against this!' as fiercely as they like, they will only injure themselves. It is all very well for these ecclesiastics to cry out against scoularism; but let them not include. our public schools in the category of. seculariit' institutions. It is but slander and defamation to speak of these places of instruction as places of " Godless education," and "calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity," what ever may be their effect on Papalism. &ANoLIoareUS; CaarboLIoUS, 