Important Roman- Catholic ;????;-? :-'? ??^Tffaififesto: , /;, 1, "';' ;; i "'' TtiE following highly important pantqral lctlpr pr?pnred ! by liisQraco lA.rclibishop Vndglmn tirttl Bisliope Murray (of llait loml), Iianis-an ; Tof.'Qoulburri);'" and Qoitiii (of ' BnUiurst),". line 'beon 'rfcnd in -nil tl>e ; Oatholic 'churches' -irt' , 'Now 6onlli Wnlcs.; i"' J :''' n^'i'- h '."? ''' j ,' To oar pearly .'Beloved'j Brethren and ??'- Cliildren,"in', Chriet,V' the 'Clprgy, ", Vcnlarnnd regular, and . the'lTaitli-. ful under.our '',' j ] i ,'.' Health anil Benediction ., in,, tlio./librd Jbena,Christ. ~.;.,); ~,i-, ;..' . ; ', ; , v , ; j ? Having, been cobrincod J>y many signs from many,,; qunrlere_ .-that, ..existing: dangers to., Catholje. . education, lare Btradily increasing so asjtdJbccomo.abso lute perils to and .that unfair ness, to -.CallioricB..ia J ,develbpiogi, into absolute injustice ;, ?\v;e,, / theV,archbi?nop and bi?liop?.uaving jarisdiction in New South rrqsppneiblol to. God for tlio souls^of,'parentsj.and chil dren confided to our,care, doeuied itiour dnly.tn inc'otjn'nd Yukoi counsel tbgoiher rrgariliiig Ilie proE.cnt condition of nfl'airfj to tlint.wo might tU'oii, by tlid.utitlio'riiy of pnr united toico,'inetr.net),.warn) ;ni\d direct jou ns to jour iipsiiion iind joiir duties with regard to/ tho cclucalioh of Cnlliolic children. ; '.,. ; Tho erection' of costly .p'ublio! scliboln in every dirccliori) which is continually going on j tha steady, eyetematio jwny i|i wliipli our donopiiiiatipnal'schools aro, Jieipg ?extingui?hpd.;; tho trcnlmcntof Catholics nit Rahdwicklnnd the BenoToicnt Asylum'; tho' prospect of secularist grammar ;Bchopls.springing np at tho public oxporisoin'Maitland, Gonlburn, and Balhurst ; of a secularist, high fcchool for girls being' established iii Sjdney, and partially, endowed by' tho Governnicnt j of £ICOO a year being spent for fivo yonra on tho education at grammar schools, of boys' cxclu?ivcly from public..schools.; this laVish expon dituro of public money on onp sodtion of Iho community," to the cxclnsioh of' pihdfe w]ip'parij|ot in 'con?cjonoo avnll thcji.iBc)ycB. of itjis, iii fv free cpmiiiunjty like our own, where all ore equally.taked, n epecics of injustice whiclrcan'not bo submitted 16 in : ' - 'And more ?thnn ? thief:;, thiei expondi luro on god.'ose pdiicntion, tins studding tlio colony ivilk?chools which tho chnrch knows from exporienco will, in conrso of time, fill the count ry.witb. indiffcren lists, not to epeak of nbaolnto ~ infidels ?; 'this liso of Catholic fnnda— -ot taxes paid out of patliolic j)ockete—for, establishing a 6jetem ; of Wucation j tjirouglldl\\(i tho land, which not merely .Catholics ' can eafcly jnnko use pf, but which they firmly believo is calnujAtod to cap tho fonniiatjoiis of Olirisliaiiif-y, \a nn act so gnllipg to every feding ofjftW p]ay that no do not ccc how any. frep man, with nny epirit in hiiii, can... allow , it to pass unchallenged, ?. . ? Not merely ns Bishops of the Cntholic Cl-urclij but na citizens of n free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out, fo .all |Ib taxpayere, wpiem pLaijcally lay claim to our , sjiaVo'of 'tlint ?^npie'evchfl- pnded jnstjee rand boiievo It to'bp t)ie dpty of, flip Cnlliolic body not to rest ontil illioy have been placed on an iqunl footing-\yilh their fellow colouiete." We, O'jtholice, who ropre fiint;oiio-third of thp.popnlation, do, hot etck cno jot or tittle more consideration than enr fellow taxpay6ra_ receive ; and ?wo to not soo why wo bhoulJ bo content with one .jot, or tittle less. ~ ... . _ Let it bo bornoin mind tjjnt this is d.is tinblly A ri'ligiooe quee'tion. 1 }Vith polilics, as BUch,.it was nrvrr our taste to meddle. Wo prefer to do. our work in peace, and avoid the contention "of rivrl parties. But. when, not justice plpne, hnt tjip fulurp of religicti itself is Pfstntially b'puhd.up.wjtji a ccriain pbsi tipn j whon.tjio , pf : education '? in point of fact the grcatreligious question of. the day.;, wo should, be pre r Taricaling against onr 'boniidoii.duty, niia should,prove onrsclycs unfit for oiir trust, wero,.wd.,to,hold .our' penco ; did we not, nl the presciil juiiclnre, set forth tho tenching of this Church with great jjjatinctnese, ani| point out to yc.u, denrly fcelovedj Iviith '.nnmistaknDo* clenrnesF; your duties bs interpreted by that tench- Ing. _ ';??..?. . ? ;? ?Chmt carao on earth to renew the world' j,y U, o graces of His spirit, by His perfect law of life, and by the supcr- natural revelation of His will to man". ? lint iho highest paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that He did, in nil MR fulneES i>pd'perfection. The first ??hi'Mcr of St. Pnul's Epistle to the ?lioii.aus giv.ee us an outline of the; de- gradation to which man can fall under a civilization which is based upon passions ; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, and Cicero,"' has 'to us how ' important 'are literature, and philosophy- and intellec tual cultivation, when they 'set them-. selves to' purify tho spirit of the inner man." The hideous blots,which disfigure the highest morality of Rome' and Athens are as so many' fingers-which' point to"tho utter imbecility of man when ho' thinks to civilise tho heart/ in- 'struct the conscience, and direct' ' tho 'will,'.'apart' from tho influences' of true religion." "And what' tho 'history of tho past has proved to be tho case, the his tory of tho ' present is ever more and more confirming; We find,'on all sides', that-'where' , philanthropists have at tempted to educate the inner life of man by philosophy, legislation or intellectual culture, tho effect has always' been tho same. Every civilization which' has not had Christianity for its basis- has 'been dwarfed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort,' from that of the most re mote paganism to that of tho Most modern infidelity, to deal with tho con- science, tho will, : and tho heart of man in their 'inner 'sanctuaries, has resulted' in tho degradation of man,- and in tho collapse of, the philosophy which corrupted him: The reason' may have been exercised,'.'and ' the intellect may have been informed ; but, apart from Christianity, tho moral nature, on which 'man's worth so much depends,has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motives elevated or refined. : What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did' by bringing Christianity into tho' world. What legislation cannot touch, or' philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate, for, to' purify and to ennoble, through tho gifts and guidances of tho Christian dispensation. He, and he alone,'was able to convert tho.regenerate, and deal effectually with; tho inner heart of man, for'this simple 'reason, that! ho was''man's .Maker: It" required tho power of holy Baptism",' with its inferior and supernatural effects'; tho light of faith illuminating tho intellect and in forming tho conscience ; and tho graco of tho sacraments, especially of penance and tho altar, together with a super natural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to benrupon the world, beforo man conld gain any ado qunto notion of what Christian cmlizn tion renlly meant, ond UlO effects of tho entire man of Christian education. Those things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature ; they are gracionely bestowcd to supplement man's Weakness, and to assist Mm in withdraw ing himself from tho tyranny of passion ami tho thraldom of pride ; away from tho brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, tho flesh, nnd the devil. Besides these giflp, Chris tianity brought knowlcdgo of per fect kind, compared with tho ob scurity of the past. It taught- mnn that in comparison with tho '? next world, this world nnd all its wealth and knowledge, aro as dross ; that heaven is bought cheaply at tho price of all' tho. present ljfo can offer )? that man \b mnilp far God, and has to save his soul, before all things else ; nnd whatever lip gain's,' if ho lose. Gud, all is lost; nnd whatever ho IoBP, if ho gnins God, nil is l gained, OhriHllnnity bronght into tlio' world, also, three valuable, gifts; a true know lodge of God, a Divino living Model or Uxemplar, nnd a clear law of love towards God and man. ? On these teachings, all civilization and legislation, nil morality, public, social and private, aro founded. Wlth put these man falls hack into pagihism and barbarism ; his mortal -nature 'cor rupts, and "lie gravitates towards the condition of tho savago. Whilstj on tho ptjicrhand, with Qjirielianity thu* opting as a moral forcp npon. mankind, through supernatural grace, tho efficacy ofrtbo sacraments, and tho teachings of Rovnla tion, man is lifted up; his reason ener gizes in its fullest freedom, his con science is trained to a sonse of highest duty, and his heart and will are dc vplopcd to a rcptitndp, fulness and ripe ness which arc hover to bo'found uii'dpr ' ! Now wo nro bound both by the natural and tho revealed law to educate children in tho knowledge of God, in His love, nnd in His commandments. As Christians wo aro bound to cducato them in tho full revelation of Jesus Christ, nnd to procuro for them those Lle?fing? and gifts which tho Christian Church alone has the power to ; bestow. By'tjlo law of 'naliiro parcn'ls 'ardbound fo train tinir children ; and by tho law of Christianity the church is bound to 'sco 'that"'parents dp their, duty ; nnd whilst 'father and. mother, on thp ope hand, unSor strict obligation, thus £0! roar I their childroh 'from the , dawning of their rensoh, ttip church is. bpund, pn the other jir.iid, to complete the work which tho parents have begun. "Go ye therofora and teach,""or make disciples of " all nations, baplising them iii the name of tho Father, and of the I Son, nnd of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things 'vh'atover I jiayo cprtiniandcd Ji?','' w hor-..comnUsl slon. Herb >tlio duty .is inipoHod upon her, nnd sho receives thol rieco?sory jgifts nnd -powers. Thus both' parents 2nd tho church inculcate tho same clo.es of teaching ; they Are in perfect harmony 1 j the education of tlio child'at' its mother's kricc is not undoiio in tho Christian schools, b'nt derelpped nnd completed. Through the wholp perjod t'jje grae'ee injlnrncpa of Chris.ti?nily arc operating on the'inner }ifc of the Christian child ; tho heurl, the conscience, and tho will, are .Icing moulded, for life ; and .tho entire being, body, soul and senees, the Qomploto poreonolity becomes taturntod by, a, civilisation," of. which Christianity.' alone can bo tho origin > ?' ' ? '. . ~.','; Thus it.'is Bolf-oTident that education without Christianity-is impossible ( you may.cnll it instruction, fitling" the mind ; with a certain quantity of Hcc?lnr know ledge, but yoa cannot dignify it with the namo education | for religion is an CBSontial .bart of education j and. to /diyprco Religion or' Chrietianlty' from '.educationi. is to roturri topaganiem, and to 'reject' tho gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus "It is , that thp churcK;condemns with marked emphaeis, those , schools, and 'that' method of teaching in'which thp .roligion's .element ie divorced from th'o eocular. 1 ' Bh ; 6 knows that instruction is not'education, 1 ' and that a system of national training from which Christianity is banished, ,is a system of practical pngnniem, which leads' to corruption- of morals ' and lose of faith,' to .national effetriiriacny and to nntional dishonour. I .' It is not', thoroforej, surprising that Pope Pius IX: should have issued, tho following weighty instruction, which our; .Catholic people nnd our' Protoetant statesmon would dp well to ponder oni 'In it they will-find no now' doctrine, but the old teaching' of the Church; which Bprings from' -immovable principles of roligion. " Tho gmoteet injury is inflictod on society," says the' Bupremb Pontiff, ' whorijtho dirooUng'nn'd salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private oducation on which the happiness of thd : Church arid-'of the ! commbnwealtli depends so, much. j For thus society is littlo by'little dopriTod of that truly ''Christian spirit which alorio can permanently 'Bocuro , the ?fonridiiliori ?of peace and.public order, and promote arid direct the true and useful progress of civilization; and .'giro man those helps which aro necessary for hiiri.'iri ordor to attain after this lifo his.last end. ; And ' in trntli"a system 'of tonching which not only; is limited *to tho knowlodgb of natural things, nnd does not pass beyond 5 the bounds of our lifo on. earth, but also departs from tho tjuth revealed by God,' must necessarily bo '" guided by thoi spirit of error "arid ' untruth j : arid 'educa tion which,- without tho aid of Christian doctrine, arid of its salutary moral precepts', instructs the mind and moulds the' tender' heart of youth, which , is so prono to ovil, must infallibly produco a genorationwhioh- will-have no guide but its own,, wicked passions and wild conceited and which will be'a'source of greatest misforlun, h to corflmonr weahh ar\d i\\\ch own, families.. W nt > dqus t>ol sec (hat the eamo system wiil give rise lq still greater if it bo introducpd into primary schools f fqr \t is in tlio?o schools nbovo nil that tho children of tho people ought to be'oare fnlly taught from their tender yoars the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to bo trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion,- and' civilization. In euch schools religious teaching ought to have bo leading aplnco in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever eleo the children may learn should appear su,b T aidiary to if. yQUng, therefprp, arp exposed to |hp greategi' periU in the schools education is not closoly unitod with religious teaching, Wherp. fbro, Hinco primary schpolp nro estab lished chiefly to givo tho people 0 roligious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to ' themselves in a groatnr degree, than other educational institutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of tho Church.' Tho design of withdrawing primary, schools from contrpl qf the Church, (md the exertions frindq *\o carr^ 1 this design offecji nre thpreforo' inspired by a spirti of hostility tovfard,* her, and by thp dosiro pf extingm'shing among t|)e ppqp'o t''P light p,f pqr holy faith. Jhoso who pretonal that the Church ought to abdicate or sntipond her control and her salutary action upon tho primary schools, in reality , ask her to disobey the commnnde of hor Divine Author, and to bo false to the chargo sho lias received frOjm God of guiding all mep tp salvation': "ana in""whalovor country ttiie pernicious ilpsign of remov ing tho Hciioole' from" ecclcstaglical aojhprity bp' prttpj-talnoil. flud carried into execution, and tho young thoroby exposed to tho danger of losing lbeirfaifh, thore tho Church would be in duty bound not only to uso her-best efforts, and to employ every moans to securo for them tho necessary Christian education and instruction, but tnoreovet* would feej herself obliged '.to'vi'afn all tho faithful,'and"lo declare that no ono can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church."* Wherorer the qnontion ofjSecnlarieta' schopk aris?p, Ui'o ; JBishope "oi the Church have - ' th'o soino doctnncj' 'antV have '? nrgetl upp£ people, same thft 'camp warninga, How the jiiahope of Ireland .have Bpoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of you. Tho English hierarchy has more' than once considered it its duty to address j the Catholic people of England (p, the nnmc efftci," Iα one "of v (hoiV r?cent "joint paitorel lbtters Ih'ey say; ''We have already declared that educa tion , without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and religious elements of educa tion 'are inseparable";' 'that education' is essentially religious,'and where religion' is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old tradi tipns and axioms' of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction, but education they cannot give; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but * Lettor Rddrc need by Pope Plus IX. to the AreUWehop g( Frejburp, July Utb, 1861, . in tho namo of Christianity, lot it not bo called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but Instruc tion without religion is instruction with ont morality, A people to whom morality, is not taught cannot bo moral ; bnt Christian morals cannot bo taught Without religion ; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and onr neighbour 7 And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist 7 Bnt to know this men nro going to reduce a ??Christian people to the level ot Deists— .Christianity must bo tnugbt in onr schools. Christian morality cannot bn taught without thoknowlodgo of Christ, and .that again, by necessity, involves tho knowledge of His History, His .teaching, His commandments, His incar nation, His divino personality. And ? what is this bnt dogma? for religion ?without dogma is not Christianity. In Whatsoever school, then, religion ie not taught, morality is not taught; and where morality is not taught, the heart, the conscience, and tho will of children tiro?;not. educated for the duties : and conflicts of" life. Whnt can bo more false, , what moro fatal to mon, to families, nnd to Btatos, than tocall this education ?'?' ' - . Such, then, being tho emphatic teach ing of tho Catholio ; Church, wo, the; archbishop' and. bishops of. this colony, with; all ? ;tho' weight' of our' oiithority, condemn tho principle of eocularist edu cation; and; tlioeo schools'which nro ioundod on; that prineiplo.J" We con demn them, first, ? becauao they contra venojbho first principles of'tho Christian roHgibii'i nnd, secondly, because thoy arp sc'cdplote of future nnd '. lnwlcssnos?, being 'calculated to dobaso tho utahdnrd of human excellence, arid to corruiit the political;' social, nnd lifo of futuro citizens. Wnbroforo wo urge our': clergy todo all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct tho people, in those teach ings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till-cnch| member, of their cohgregntiotifully renlizes tho true posi tion of nffairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calnmity to their children in-exposing them to loss of faith and mbrnU, mid 1 endenvour to mukp them feel that they pould iip.t do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by consti tutional menne, n. system. Tvhjch, wh.\tat it .is ? crying inju,at\co t? thmeolvea, promjaos to, bp n aonrco of inciiiculoblo evil ta tho colony, Lot;them, moreover, wirn parents, who, through a spirit "of indifferoneo or worldliness, nro opposing their childron to proximate danger of >orvoreion and of ruin, .thnt they aro tempting tho . nngor of the Almighty God j and that thoy art jeopardizing tho itsith, tho mornlily, the eternal happinese of thoso who aro too young to help themselves, and who have bpen, confided by Nntpre \\\tif\C t$ thoir guardianship fin,d protection. Lot thorn often remind' tho people thnt they nro gravely respon sible if they give encouragement to, sn,ch jchools, fo.r, by'go dflimj, thpy arp'.help= >ns Vft pprpctnato a groat evil, and are standing ns Qbstaolcg in tho way of Clirietiau men who nro bent on bringing about n chnntro. Let ono and alt remember what their . fathers of old snffored. for tho fath, and let them not show themselves unworthy of thoir own flesh uiid blood which woe freely ; wounded,, nnd btaod whiph was freely. BPJH,.TOther, t>e|.rny phristian print, jiiploo'f compromisd Christian', fnilh.. ' "? ?Wo are profoundly co,ns.cibuii tlint a latent sen?d Qf fa|r nlay th,o community flt large, nil nfljtp \t\ bringing hoforo tho mind? of their and thoir- repreeen tativos in Parliament these two facts, first, tlint Catholics hnvo to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which thoy. consider an evil to tbp, country ; and, (hat whilst they W?- c '%¥$ ?W V ' C .V*& provi sion has been made for them ; lot tho c6untry'fully comprohoiid o\\\r ?",". X ftfflS 0 fi f W m .TOWi IWMW Ml' os?.int u,i in W<tfkin? out a Vemcdy, AVould Secularist* hold.thoir peace, If, without equal provision being mndo for them, public treasure were Invished on Catholic Grnmninr Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whikt £7500 wero spent on tho training of ?iW*l? ftpra Catholio inelitti lione ? Would they not hold thnt thoy were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness 7 And woeld not tho wholo world agram. with tliopi'S AiW l \ ?? Wr?? d ' \ h s< iae religion to parents and priests, o,nd lajs claim to ihetracf children, gM^ar m^ " ' ' ' ? " thp" State, doqa not, nnd cannot, claim ? commission to-educate. It is tho bounden duty of tho Stnte. to pro tect, not to usurp, the moral dutiee of its members. All Christinn fathers and mothers are required by the natural and Bivine Ins Iα ?th'oir a Ohrwtwn , bylucaiion.y Tho State has no power 'or' coinuuHaion to usurp the parental rights, nnd to compel perspiia to violate their c?r\scien<w by leu cling tligij. sfh'oohi'wliero an alien reliijion or no at'nil is 'tanglif lo'do so woUld be tp, indu,lgo in cruel form of religions pprnecn'tiofl. U'he ''ft* "R P*liU liighor or moro eacied ihan those of parents. Nor does tho authority, 'of'the Church .cross or I thwart tho natural rights and duticn of parents : it? commission ie to sco that tIiOHO rights aro not invaded, .and that those duties are performed. The Catholic A*u?i^ D, A PiJ 2l ' mi ? 8lBi?d by the Church condemns godless schools nnd Scculnriet education because they are solvents of Christianity, and lend to wards depriving Christian children of a priceless treasure. And no man can bo ? sound Catholic end sapport that which the Church condemns. The Stato may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to tho Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by tho world or by the Church 7 Dots not tho Church know her own truo interests best 7 Hat not sho h?'l of centuries, in point of time j ?ud all ovor tho world, in point of space 7 Are not her professed opponcuU on tho side of secularist education, nnd do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side 7 And to come to facts, has tho secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostorcd and developed a. Christian spirit t Has not the Catholic epis copate, in various quarters of tho world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit 1 Wbit i? our own experience, and that of .the Catholio elorgy in this colony 7 To their shame, it must bo saidj somo of our people do send their children to Public schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we hnvo arrived at with regard to such children ? That there ie a marked difference between them and children who hnvc been educated in Oatholio schools. Thoir faith ii visibly onfoobled, not to allude :to- their morality, their manners are rough'and irrovcrent, thoy bavo little sense of respect and gcntlo nrss, they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacromante ; nnd promise to swell a class which is nlready far too large in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. If in any country in tho world signs are being hold out on every side of .tho necessity of an especial school of solf control, rcvorenco, pibty, purity, obedi ence, faith, it is in Australi*. If in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic education/it .is" hero. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reveronco, a Inrgo staff of clergy, a CatUolio public opinion, with many other external helps, nss.ist in the training op of tho young in c Chrietian spirit ; bnt here, whoro all is new, tho clergy few, the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting, i% to moat cUffioult, with the beat offorta of the best Catholic training, to rear up tho ohildron to Christian pioty, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, there foio, ie it not, to cast Christianity out of tho schools, and to confino it to a Sunday enti-cbiem-clafts, under such cir cnmstnnccH an these. Tho only (Mr chanco for Catholic children turning out Catholic men and women in this colony is for them to bo nyjst carefully and conscientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then for them to bo sout to thorough QathoUo schools, whore ih,e home teaching jg oorw (tnnPtl, sw\ the mind and heart and oon science and senses of the children are impregnated with Oatholio instincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. : It may be interjected that some Cntholics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. Wo reidij, because a number. of Catholics m ITh ?M% wron§, tha,t ie. no reason, why W,e should not condenyi wha.t is wrong, TO d ?9W U."Vw what ie. right, We ?iWffil ftga-putt ?nd condemn intempor ?UP*j ?>*d we rtoclaim against and con demn tccqlarist odncatlon ; and wo are led tv do bo all tho more strenuously in proportion as wo are inclined to fear the Cat holies aro beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness aud infidoh'ty.. Tho Church is not rujftd, on guided by the o* oorrupt viows of bad, or indlttoront, or ignorant Catholics, but by tho successor of St. Peter an,d. tho Bishops of the Churph, vtl\ft are in, cora m\??\ a W?;U hftft- So. long as pfttholioa wey. in jfofth ant] morale, The voice that ape?ka with this authority, thoy will bo eafo j to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other -voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to. make, ?bipwreck of the faith, . - '. Wh".*i th i e V? *.?? our practical recom mcudatio\is ? I.—First, lot all parent* lovo their children's soule as tho apple of their eye. Let Ijiom boar in. min4 ih,efc grave reeponsility in ? th,o' iM* ctf God !F I , T^F 1 *? V"i & th <#? PdWca,tio ? of ,I^o - Lot from thoir rW. dren . B earheat years, twoh them to Pray j and ; tvntU they are 8t for school, ?W? th,em. in. OiStUolio practices, and fill th?n wiih Catholic thoughts, and forter within thoin Catholic inetincte, end, by example ac well as word, synto matically mould them to piety, purity; love, and Let aIT paronte look upoft car?)eeencB? or noglect duties for confession, and as a oause for grave spiritual alarm. "ll.—Secondly, let paronte i,osd cluldren, when of & ?xcW T elx to. Cu U\rfW "AH? , - l V'om regard, al.l, 9." 10r . B . cll 9. 0 )? ?? np, places, for the? ch,U dren, who have. before; e7*ry?ijna o\se, \ and whoehould be. prfymro', by bn-athing Catholic -?tmospher.-, by living amidet Catholic teacher* and companion*, and hy an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually bo thrown. Hl—r'i'hirdly, lot all Catholic parcnte know that they cannot, without sorious gnilt, pluce their' children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them beer in mind that to do so ie to ?et at defi ance the teaching! of the Oatholio Obureh i and that, vmlcia tb?n fee exceptional reasons, and tho danger bo remote, of which, things tho Church ia judge, no Confessor con absolro such parent* ns aro willing to expose their children's ?onls to tho blighting influence of an elion creed or a secularist system. IV.—Fourthly, let thoeo who aro so unhappy as to bo sending their children at tho present moment to Public schools, withdraw them as soon ac posniblo. Let them examine their children's religious instincts nnd moral condition i and if, as is to to expected, they find faith and morale weakened, nnd the germs of law lessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem Iho time and to remedy the ovil. Let them cspepially prepare such children for the Sacraments, toach them to benr nines devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers pnnctually, to make our Lord their . model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to loto tho Holy See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who ore placed orer them. V.—Fifthly, let tho clergy make snch i instructions as these the frequent subject of their sermons aud thoir private ex hortations ; and let them not woary till godless and .tion-OathoHc schools lift re been cleared of Oatholio children, and until all the Catholio chitdron in tho district are receiring a sound Catholic eduoatioD. Vl.—Sixthly, lot bishops and peoplo do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible) so as to bo equal in secular Instruction to non- Catholio schools, whilst they surpass thorn in the genuine education, the conscience, and the senses, VII.—-Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they haw, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet poraovoring and earnest pressure in tbo right direc tion, upon their equal HghU with thoir fellow-taxpayer*. What is tho present position of affairs? Catholics are paying for the support of schools which they can neither npproTe of, nor make use of, whilst no analogous prorision has been made for thorn. Wβ may be mot with tho cry of th* ?religious difficulty.' Wβ admit the religions diffionlty ; but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by nets, of extraordinary unfairness to a largo section of the community. The ' religious difficulty' exists in Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are re ceiving a larger share of justice ns days go by ; the Catholics of this colony are jecemng a less and less share of justice. Whilst the email Catholio minority in England ia rejoicing, with regard to education, in oven-handod justice, wo, here, oro retrograding, nnd are aggra vating that one-sidedness and unfair noes from which tho broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should tho mother country hold a monopoly of even handodaess r Why shonld not we walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great atateimen how to solre ' the religions difficulty' by the British panacea of fair play ? And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? Tho answer is simple. Introduce paymonta by results in place of the preient unjust and grill ing djKlem. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidized, each section of tho community receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Government in spection) of secular teaching. Thui the common funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thne no ono can complain. The aeeulariit sect, indeed, would b* deprived of a monopoly j bjj?, then, a widosprcad irrilajian, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way .to happiness and peace throughout the colonr. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called npon to aappcrt creeds which they condemn ; nor would largo annual grants of money be lavished upon ono section of the com munity to tho oxelnsion of another. There would be ono law of fair-play and no favouring, for all. Those who were equally ttttod woeld b? equally treated. — .\a Jffli this a broad, an intelligible Elotform, upon which every just and onosl men would naturally take bis stand ? If tho re bo a wide-spread sense of justice Jα the land, Bβ we firmly believe there is—la there not come P?w4Mr amongst v* that will rooee it into action I We recommend those interested ia this subject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elemen tary Education Act for England nr.d Wales, wjth the Now Code of Regula tions ; and Sir John Q'SUanassy'a Bill to further amend ?be Law relating to Education. In matters of vital Importance and common justice half measures generally \- turn out miserable and cowardly fnilnres. If it bo itotth while for the Catholic b?dy to assort ita rights at all, it ia worth while for it to assert its foil and entire rights. Let oe realize this fact ; and then wo shall not bo content till our present humiliating position is ox changed for obo of fninir es and equality. It is a'great cause which we havo in hand, nothing lone limn kcoping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the religion ol Jesus Christ, and thus f?r securing the salvation of souli, as well as the fntoro greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse thcmsclrcs op to a awe of their responsibilities ; lot them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ) end never cease in their persevering, their organiiod importunity, nntil they have obtained tlioaa righta which no man can refuse them without islfaTid.irt ipjmtlw, - T ,-.?' Dearly Beloved, —' Watch yo r aUnd fast in tho faith, do manfully, and be strengthened.'" ' Keep the unity of tho Spirit in th? bond of peaoo ; one body, one Spirit, as yon are called in' one hope of yonr calling; one Lord, one Faith, ono Baptism ; one God and Father of all, who ia aboTO all, and through all, and In or all. , f May the God of peace Himself sanctify you In all thing* { that yonr whole spirit, and soul, and. body, may be pre served blameless in the coming of, oar Lord Jeius Ghrist.f Glrcn at our meeting, In Sydney, Jane, 1879, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. , t KooKn Beds, Archbishop of Sydney. \+ JIATtiiHW, Bishop of Bathunst. ' T Jambs, Bishop or Maitland. f WiLLiAK, Biebop of Goulburn. ? 1 nor., xrl., 13. f Ephee., iv, 3-e. % Theu., v., 38.J ? 