HUST IN WHEAT. The en^oiry set on foot by the Royal Agricultural Society of South Australia upon the subject of red rust ia not unlikely to be uroduciive of sood, notwithstanding the failure of the Society to induce the Government to offer a prize of £i,00& for the discovery of a specific against the pest. Already a great number of co&imuniea-; tions have been forwarded, suggesting causes and recommending preventives or cures for this dreaded scourge. Although many of the ttatenients made in these communications are based upon mere crude theories, it will still be well worth while keeping a tabulated record of them, in the hope that they will aid in securing an accurate diagnosis of the origin, nature, and conditions of existence of red rust. So far as the majority of observa tions go, this disease appears in the wheat crop just when the plant is coming into blossom, and it is also well known that a close sultry state of the atmosphere after rain is most favourable to its spread and development. So mu;h is generally conceded ; but beyond this point there is great variance of opinion. Dr. Muecke; an obwrver of no mean acquirements, . has had the subject under his consideration for very many ^ears, and long ago announced his opinion — as we understand it — that the rust was do more than the fructification of the fungus growing within and living upon the vital juices of the plant. He also held the view that the spores of wheat rust would germinate only upon other forms of vegetation, from which sources it is again communicable to wheat. Mr. Mur phy, of the Christchurch (N.Z.) Agricultu ral and Pastoral Association, observes that red rust 13 produced under conditions of poverty of soil, and severe drought fol lowed by warm, cloudy, showery weather, interspersed ith sunshine, ind that the soils moat subject to Its ravages are those which are tolerably deep, but with a hard cold subsoil, strongly impregnated with oxide oi iron ; and he recommends, as a pre rentive, high cultivation, deep ploughing, uid rotation of crops. M. Bourbaud combats ths climatic and atmospheric theory, and firmly believes that red rust is attributable to the nature of the soil — a theory which, by the-way, is also put forward by Mr. Eastes, of Toowong, Queensland. He holds that its existence is dependent upon a compact state of the soil, preventing the access of air, and that the cause of this zompactness is the absence of the dibris of crystalline rocks or sandy elements, aggravated by the practice of rolling the ploughed land as well as by the heating of the rains upon the surface. Under these conditions the ground is so compressed about the stem of the plant that the cir culation of the sap is fettered, and the tvork of elaborations of plant-food is in :omplete. If at this time some showers jr heavy dews fall, the inutilized sap )f the stem is dilated, the tissues of ihe latter crack, and the mucila ginous juices escape, which in a short ime . become the food of microscopic jlobules — ferments — which leave an axidated residue, which is, the mycelium known as red ruat. Mr. A. R. Wallis, Secretary for Agriculture in Victoria, believes that the disease is due en tirely to changes in the juices of he plant brought about by climatic nfluencea. He says it has been loticed that crops subject to the influence )f sea breezes are seldom damaged by rust, ind that the experiment of dressing rust infested crops with a solution of one pound if salt to a gallon of water has been com pletely successful. The argument used by some writers, that it is hopeless to expect a cure or pre ventive of red rust because it has so long defied all researches, is not one to be en couraged. Time was when medical science knew not how to cure compound frac tures, or to save life by lopping off a limb, and this ignorance bad existed for many centuries ; but enquiry and experiment showed the way, and since the first surgical experiment how many lives have, been Baved ? Red rust is a disease affecting one of the most important factors of our prosperity— a disease which for many years in South Australia was unknown and undreaded. Presumably, then, it is attributable to some change of the conditions under which the wheat plant is cultivated, and it is incumbent upon us to discover to what source we are indebted for the infliction, and having found out the cause it will be more easy to devise a remedy. It is the opinion of many that the advent of the pest may be traced to impoverishment of the soil and to ' wheat-poisoning,' and that it is aggravated by thick sow ing and shallow cultivation ; but such theories can only be tested by actual experiments carried out in various localities by intelligent observers. We are not inclined to cavil at the action of the Government in refusing to offer the proposed premium of £4,000, because the matter is one in respect oi which the course oLdiscoiery-is ..pretty sure to be gradual. The true method of coping with this terrible farmers' foe is not likely to present itself to any investigator as a sudden inspiration, nor is it to be expec ted that any single cultivator of the soil will &ave; the good luck t-» find «ut all the facts bearing upon the origin of a remedy for the disease. Only by painstaking and assiduous experiment, in which it is to ihe interest of every producer to co operate, is it probable that progress will he made towards obtaining such a know ledge of the scourge as may lead up to ? effective action ia the diraction of miti gating its disastrous operation. It is extremely important that farmers should be persuaded and encouraged to make trial of various modes of cultivation, but especially of deqp ploughing, manuring, and thin sowing, -since it is generally understood that*ed rust has freer scope in poor shallow soils and thickly sown crops than it has where the farmer is careful to break-up the ground to a good debth and to ado.pt ratiotial processes of cultivation. The Okse&n; Mail Service. — We have received from Messrs. Stilling & Co. the following telegram, which reached them on Saturday from their Sydney agents : — 1 ( Orient Company cable that at deputation merchants -»wners to Chancellor Ex chequer about Eastern mail service Orient Steam Company expressed readi ness carry Australian Colonies mail — a fortnightly service to from Naples for postages. OEVblish ' this leading ' news papers.' It is not -pery - clear what the precise meaning of this offer is. DoeB the Company ask that the whole of the postages should be allowed it, or only the proportion of them which may be regarded as meeting -the cost of trans mitting ssail matter from Italy to Aus tralia and vice ratw ? Whichever meaning may be p«t upon it, the fact remains that so far a3.the principal service with Aus tralia is concerned the proposal comes rather late. The contract trith the F. & O. Company foe the oonveyaacA of Austra lian mails to and from Galle daring a period of eight yeais has been fonaally .signed, and Victoria at let st is bound by that. In one -sense, however, the ?effer is singularly opportune. It shews dearly that the ^Orient Company contemplate the expansion of a service which already ha* proved so beaeScial tc ?the colonies, and that ihere is no need for our acceding to whatever tesnii3 Vic- : toria sees fit to impose ts our price for participation in the P. & 0\. contract An Orient fortnightly service mishi not answer our purpose quite so well as a P. & O. fortnightly service carried out on the lines of the eontraei already entered into, but it would have its advantages. Naple* i3 at iea3t a3 good aa Italian terminus as Brindisi, and although the Orient steamers would probably come direct from Aden to Australia, the draw back of leaving out India and Ceylon would be in part, at all events, compensated for by the speed vrith ?which the pas3age3 would be accomplished. Moreover, the existence of the contract with the P. & O. Company would ensure regular communi cation between Australia and India. We do not know enough of the result of past negotiations between the South Aus tralian Government and the Orient Company to be able to say whether ihe colony would be justified in renewing proposals for a separate service ; but at all events it is gratifying to feel that we are not handed over entirely to the tender mercies of the Berry Govern ment, whose refusal to allow South Aus tralia to be a party to the engagement with the P. & O. Company indicates that they intend driving as keen a bargain with us as possible. It is much to be regretted that the zeal which certain shipowners and merchants in London are now displaying in seeking to abolish mail subsidies did not develop itself a few months sooner, but it is fortunate for us that the development has come soon enough to put us on our guard against rashly submitting to hard conditions at the hands of Victoria. The Froude Case. — The police have, it appears, washed their hands of Miss Adelaide Froude and her marvellous adventures. They have made enquiries in every possible direction, and the result by no means substantiates the statements of the young lady. The facts they have elicited, indeed, warrant the presumption that the story is a pure fabrication. Hence, Superintendent Peterswald is perfectly justified in refusing, at present, to proceed further in the case. Tne matter should not, however, be allowed to rest here. If any additional light can be thrown upon it, it is by the girl herself or her relatives, and it is clearly the' duty of the father to prosecute the enquiry. There is no doubt that by this time Mr. Froude, who knows his daughter's character and temperament, must be able to make a shrewd gues3 on the subject The public have a natural desire to learn what really did happen to Miss Froude, or what was the reason of her giving the extraordinary account of her proceedings on Sunday week, which has been made the occasion for so much remark and speculation. But, further, they have a right to insist upon knowing if there is any truth in the assertions that she was drugged in one of the principal thoroughfares in the city and carried off in an insensible condition, and in the further statement that a man has been drowned near Glenelg. The conclusion warranted by the evidence is that neither of these tragic occurrences has taken place, and that they both only exist in the fertile imagination of Miss Froude. But matters of this sort should not be decided by mere conjecture. Notwith standing the evidence obtained, it is an unsatisfactory way of disposing of the case to say that it is a hoax. Until it has been conclusively proved to be so, an uncomfortable doubt will remain as to the possibility of either of the main points alleged by the girl being correct The very improbability of her story renders it difficult to suppose that there is not something behind it. If upon no other ground than for the satisfaction of a pardonable curiosity on the part of those who have been so far taken into the confidence of the Froude family, whatever of mystery remains in the affair should be solved. Thb VicE-ADsaHixTT Court. — This Court will tit at 11 o'clock to-day at the Supreme Court Buildings, when the adjourned hearing in the matter of the Nicaraguan barque Courier will be proceeded with. Sx^eembCouht Crra. Sittihgs. — The Angnst sittings of the Supreme Court in its civil juris diction commence to-morrow morning, at 10 o'clock, before TTi« Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut. The Bane of Australasia. — We believe that on the retirement of Mr. Samuel Tomkinson, J.P., as Manager of the Bank of Australasia, he ?will be succeeded by Mr. F. P. G. McCrea, now managing the branch Bank of that Corporation at West Maitland, New South Wales. Dbpahtcrh of the Mail Stbastbh.— The B.M.S. Siam sailed from Glenelg at 7.45 on Saturday evening, the mails having been pnt on board at about 7. The weather being unfavour able very few persona visited the steamer. ComthacIs.— The following tenders for road clearing have been received at the Sorveyor General's Office j— Kulpara andNinnes, three tenders, that of Mr. Thomas Chambers being lowest ; 'K'»fliT'' and Wallaroo, sis tenders, lowest that of Mr. J. D. Phillips. Capb Nobthtmberiakd. — The President (Captain R. H. Ferguson, S.M.), Captains J. W. Smith, J.P., and D. Tapley, Wardens of the Marine .Board, have recently visited Gape Northumberland to inspect the lighthouse, re ported to be insecure, and .they returned to Port Adelaide by the steamer Ooorong, which arrived on Saturday, August 9. A report on the subject will be shortly forwarded to the Treasurer. The Board also took the opportunity to call at Cape Douglas, in reference to a site for a lighthouse. Mabinb Boahd Ekqciht.— An enquiry will be held at Port Adelaide this morning as to a late grounding of the barque Kalahome. , The Thamwats Act.— An influential deputa tion, representing the whole of the Tramway and Railway Companies in the city and suburbs, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker) on Saturday morning, August 9, to lay before him certain matters connected with the Tramway Companies Act. The deputation pointed out that the Companies bad long been subjected to the caprices of the Municipal Corporation, and they now sought that a Bill should be passed which would take away the restrictions compelling them to keep the road between and eighteen inches outside of the rails in repair. They were willing to pay a rate of 5 per cent, on the value- of their property, and the license fees, but objected to giving one sixpence more. They asked the Go vernment to introduce a Bill embodying these principles S3 a public measure, laying at the same time a rough drnf t prepared by Mr. J. H. Sjmon before the Commissioner. Mr. Hawker said be wa« favourably impressed by tbe argu ments advanced, and would nrge his colleagues to introduce the Bill as desired by the deputa tion. ElHEBITS FOB THE StDKRT EXHIBITION. —Mr. W. F. Gray, of Gawler-place, is sending to the Sydney Exhibition a well executed model representing the system of ventilation as applied by the Educa tional Department to their public schools. It consists of a section of a gable roof in galvanize! corrugated iron and wood, showing the venti lator, -which is bis own invention, one-quarter the fall size. Over the pipe leading from the centre -of the ceiling is a balance valve weighted in each a way that its top is moved and held in position by the merest breath of wind. The breeze blowing in one -dormer closes the valve on that side which prevents its passing down into tbe room, and at the same time opens the other side of the valve to the full size of the pipe, and by passing through the chamber over the valve draws the air from the room with it. Tbe dormers are -made in three parts, one in the centre being connected with the room below, and the other two portions admitting air in or ont -of ihe roof over the ceiling. The contrivance is simple, and to all appearance calculated -to be very effective. - Whiie's Booms.- D*Arcy Bead's Ghost enter tainment still hold* ground at this place of amusement, and is becoming more popular. On Satarday af ternoet the room was packed like herrings ia a barrel with youngsters acd their friends, who viewed without trepidation — in fact with geuuiae enjoyment— the many funny apparitions that followed ene another on the screen in quick «ne««iion. In the evening there was ako a good hou«e, and tbe exhibition was frequency gr«?ted with applause. The illusions are v«ry cleverly produced, and were the dialogue a JitUe more lively the attractions of the show would bt» greatly enhanced. We understand that it i« the last week of the enter tainment in Adelaide, and that to-night there (will be a chacge of soegs. Tee Port Rifxes.— On Saturday the men bt^ODgicg to this corp? had some practice crK&r; tbe command of Captain Lovely. They weri ttarched from the Railway Station to Point Malcctin, eff which a floating target had been moored about 750 or 600 yards to seaward. This waa supposed to represent the coming boat of an tcetay, so the gallant defenders of hearths and homes opened up a well-directed fire, which appeared to drop in what would be very un pitasant prosimity to the comiDg foe. An ex&oinaticD; after the bring was over showed that several bul'. ts had riddled the canvas, and repetitions of similar practice should be pro ductive of good results. ' South ArsTEAiiAS Catholip Statoabd.' ? ^*e have received a copy of the first number of the Record and South Australian Catholic Standard—* psper which is to be published weekly in the interest* of the Boman Catholics of the colony. Tro Frocdb Stout.— On Satarday morning the Superintendent of Police received a telegram from the police at Port Tirio in reply to the in structions given to interview the captain of tbe schooner Coorong in reference to the movement.' of the man Kae on 8unday, Angust 3. The telegram states that both the captain and the chief mate of the Te&s;«l arc prepared to swear that Rae did not leave the Coorong from Saturday night to Monday morning. If, theo, as some ]-eople suppose, Horace Grenville and Kae are outs and the same per son, the - girl's accouut becomes still more unsatisfactory from the fact of Kae being on board the vessel all Sunday night. Another thing which tends to throw doubt on her story is that when Wilkius found heron the Brighton Railway line on Monday morning she was lying with a book for a pillow, and her parasol was under her haud as if she had kid down to sleep, and it is averted she did not show signs of the ill-treatment she alleges to have received. When found lying on the Sema phore Beach, two books, the paruol, a watch and chain, and other articles of value were found in her possession. Under such trying adven tures as she has depictsd, it would be ve*y ,'r. - maikable if she retained the presence of mind to preserve all these articles in an uninjured condition. In tbe absence of any facti confir matory of Mias Froude's story it may be stated that Superintendent Peterawald declines ta proceed any further in the matter. Poet Adelaide Catholic Pubsbttbrt.— Th ) Vicar-General (Kev. F. Byrne) laid the founda tion-stone of a Konuu Catholic Presbytery at Port Adelaide on Sunday afternoon, August 10. The weather being fine there was a very large attendance, and the ceremony was mccesifully performed. The site is on the Port-road, nearly opposite the Portland Estate Hetel, and has a- frontagg of 150 feet to the Port-road with 170 feet to Cleave-street. Mr. E. Poulton prepared the plan of the Presbytery, to which will be attached a priest's residence. The building will be in the Gothic style of architecture, and will be both substantial and ornamental. Mr. E. Kelly has the contract at £1,190, and the build ing, which is to be of Dry Creek stone, will contain twelve rooms. The Rev. Father Kyau. priest of the district, presented, on behalf of Mrs. J. Murphy a silver trowel, to the Vicar General, who thereupon performad the cere mony of laying the stone, adding that if the occasion had been in respect . to a school f»r imparting a Christian educa tion, he could have united his voice with those protesting against tbe secular instruction given in the public schools by the irreligious and rational Governments of tbe day — a system which the Catholic Church bad opposed t.nd condemned from the supreme pastor, the Sove reign Pontiff, to the humblest priest. The rev. gentleman proceeded to compare the advene circumstances under which the Catholics of Port Adelaide, while few aud of small means, built their church and school many years ago. Now they were numerous, had a resident priest, were possessed of larger means, and of equal gene rosity and zeal for the Church. They were therefore in a position to successfully complete the undertaking of the day. A Presbytery had been found absolutely necessary, as a residence had been tried at Glanville, which was out of the way, and at the Semaphore, selected as a compromise under the circumstances. The priest's residence should be centrally situated in the district, that it might be reached at any hour of the night, and the Catholics should sup port the Presbytery as their own and as a matter of duty. A large number of subscriptions were placed on the stone, after which the gathering dispersed. Death of a Forxbb South Australian.— The Artpts announces the death of Mx. Thomas Hall Miers, who died somewhat suddenly, of disease of tbe heart, at bis residence at Fleming ton, on August 5. Mr. Mien, who (states that journal) was a native of Bedford, arrived in South Australia somewhere over thirty years ago, but came to Victoria shortly after the dis covery of gold, and soon afterwards established himself in business as a baker with such success that his establishment speedily became the largest in the city. As a practical baker he was influential in starting the manufacture of aerated bread under Dr. Daugleish's patent, but the manufacture failed to hit the taste of the general public, and the Company was a failure, a subsequent attempt by Mr. Miers to carry on the business as » private speculation having no better success. About three years ago Mr. Mien retired from, business and paid a visit to the old country, from which he had returned rather more than twelve months ago. He wu SS years of age. The Accident on the Narracoorte And Kingston Railway.— From a correspondent at Narracoorte we have received the following particulars of this accident :—' On Wednesday evening, August 6, after the day's sports were over, the excursion train from Lacepede Bay left Narracoorte about 6.15 p.m. full of passengers. Nothing more was heard of her until about 10 p m., when some few of the male passengers arrived in the town, having walked back. It appears from what one can learn that the train was proceeding at her usual rate, and when some seven or eight miles from here the engine struck some object, jumped, ran off the line, and rolled over, dragging one of the trucks, full of passengers, with it, the rest, however, keeping on the line. Fortunately, in fact most providentially, where the accident occurred there happens to be a bank on each side of the line, and the engine and truck lay on the bank, and thus were prevented turning completely over. Had the accident occurred about a quarter of a mile further on the result might have been most appalling. Some passengers proceeded down the line to the nearest station and procured two trollies, which were at once dispatched to Narracoorte, as no telegraphic communication could be obtained with Lacepede Bay from Narracoorte. I am informed a trolly had to be sent all the way, some forty miles, to Kingston with the news. A train was urgently requested to be sent, yet, notwithstanding this request, and the fact that there were two or three available carriages at the Bay, including tbe new first and second class one, only an engine was dispatched. The passengers were exposed to the bitter cold all the night long, having nowhere to go, and only one miserable goods truck to sit in. Thus they passed the night— men, women, and children. No extra train was, however, sent, and they did not arrive at Lacepede Bay, where most of them live, until the next after noon. What earthly good a new and comfort able carriage is — if it is to be kept in the shed to look at, and only to be used on some state or special occasion— one is at a loss to understand ; and then the disgraceful custom of sending passengers a journey of over 100 miles in open cattle or goods trucks, having only a calico top rigged up, calls for immediate explanation; and further, the necessity of a powerful electric bell at important termini, or Telegraph Stations, which can be rung and heard at any time during the day or night, on Mondays or public holidays, is evidently an absolute necessity. As soon as the accident was reported at Narracoorte the sergeant of police immedi- ately proceeded with a buggy and horses to the scene of the accident, taking a few necessary articles with him. but as no one was injured The services of Dr. Gunning and his assistant were not required.' AkciestOkdwakcb.— A correspondent writing, from Port Adelaide on August 8, aud styling himself ' Honesty,' sends us the following: — ' Amongst the mixed mass of geueral cargo landed ex s s. Gaiom e I was pleutd to notice a relic of antiquity in the shape of an old cast-iron smooih-bore gun, a veritable 84-pounder, such as were occasionally seen on the English coast in the care of the coastguards men for signalling, &(% but happily more for ornament than use. This particular gun bears date early in the present century, telling of itj casting at the 'Onrrou' Iron works full thirty years before our colony was founded, wben * Farmer George* was King; it aim bears his revered monogram, ? G.R.' It appears to be a ship's gnn, and may have been n§ed in tbe memorable battle of Trafalgar. We can easily imagine a bold volunteer artillery man, when the gun is mounted at the Semaphore Battery, calling up innumerable shade* of de parted pig-tailed heroes, and can almost «ee 'Hairy-faced Dick,' tbe gunner, at the ?ready.' ' Hairy-faced Dick understand* hi* tratfe, As he stands by the breech of his long eafl« sonade. The linstock glows in his bony band, As be waits the grim-look iog skipper's oom mand.' Nevertheless they are fi ne old spec! raens, no doqbr and call up proud thought* of battles fought ior old England's honour before we were born. But in the name of all the fiends, of what use are such antiquated engines of warfare In these days of rifled guns and breechloaders ? Do we expect an enemy to attack n« with slings and catapulto ? If, on the other band, they are brought oat for an ornament to some of our public squares or gardens, &c; . surely tht-y might have come by a cheaper vessel than the swUtly sailing and highly freighted (Jarenne. I live near the battery, ana sincerely trust that no ra«h gunner will ever fire tbe above- mentioned curiosity. If he doe«, and any barm comes of it, let him look out.' Passrnoeb Tea me ox thb Rail-wat.— The two carriages at preseLt oa the Mount Gambier SDd liivoli Bay Kail nay (says tiie Jlordcr H'a'ch) are proving insuBicieiit for the demands tip jn them. Several times lest week aud tbis week open trucks have had to V put 6n to accommo date the passengers, and travelling iu trucks ia inch weather as we huve lately experienced ia pot at all exhilarating. Last Wednesday morn ing over ISOiastengere left the Mount Oambier Station. About seveity crowded tliera»elve» into the carriage*, and three trucks h id to be csed to carry the remainder. Eecovhrt of Stole* Goods.— The -perpe- trators of the recentrobbery of jewellery at Mr. C. Hi*11''''' establishment have, as will be seen by a Victorian telegram, been discovered and arrested in Melbourne, and the stolen property has all been recovered. Mr. Hallman, accompanied by a detective, will proceed to jlelboorne by the mail steamer for the- purpose of identifying the goods and getting the two prisoners. Knight and- Williams, remanded to Adelaide. On Saturday the Port Adelaide jolice, by virtue of a search-warrant, paid an unexpected visit to the premises of C. Watts, the proprietor of the confectionery shop which adjoins the Black Diamond Hotel, Commercial road, Port Adelaide. They were fortunate enough to discover a large collection of stolen articles which were secreted in lolly tins and other unlikely receptacles. This plunder repre sents the proceeds of about a dozen burglaries ?which have taken place ia Adelaide and its suburbs during the past six months, amongst others there being some goods stolen from Messrs. Hamlyn k Murray's establishment, Port: Adelaide, and from Mr.Bose's house_at Port Adelaide. The Port police have for some time past been watching Watts's shop, and . had succeeded in tracing some stolen article i to the possession of Watts and to tha-= of Ueorge Ambler, a shopman in hi employ, both the men having been known to' have sold goods nefariously obtained to persons who had been set on their track by the police.' Watts also kept an oyster-saloon and refresh ment-rooms in the Commercial-road, opposite the Police Station. Watts and Ambler were loth arrested on Saturday, and brought to Adelaide, and will be charged at the Polic Court to-day with having stolen property unlawfully in their possession. They will, in all probability, be formally remanded, and, if sufficient criminatory evidence can be obtained, will, at a future date, be brought up on more serious charges. The man Ambler is believed to fee connected with Knight and Williams in the Tollman jewellery robbery. He was a member of the firm of Bulman k Watts, who were, until a few months since, providores for the Marine Board steamers. Watts has been at Port Adelaide about eighteen months, and was engaged in business as a provision-dealer, having arrived in the colony in February, 1878, by the barque Becgal. The Postal Contract. — Regarding the new postal contract, the London correspondent of the Aryus says that in the House of Commons on June 32 Sir George Campbell asked the Post master-General if he would be so good as to explain how the coat was to be distributed between the mother country, India, and the colonies, and especially how the total amount contracted for was to be divided between the Indian line to Bombay and that to Galle and China, and whether the Australian Colonies were to pay their fair share of the latter with reference to work done. Lord John Manners replied that calculations were being made for the purpose of ascertaining what proportion of the subsidy would be chargeable to India, ami what proportion to the colonies of Ceylon and Hongkong. With regard to the shire of the cost which represents the carriage of the Australian mails, he informed the House that it would be bora by the mother country under the postal arrangement existing between the Government of Her Majesty and those of the Australian Colonies. Sir George Campbell asked upon what principles the calculations were being based. Lord John Manners replied that he did not think a Minister was called upon without notice to explain in the House the details of the principles upon which the calcula tions were being made. VoxnrTEEBS v. Biflh Association. — A match has been arranged for between a selected team of Volunteer officer* and some of the best shots to be picked out from the S.A. National Bine Association, to take place at the end of this month, at Dry Creek. The distance ranges are to be 200, 400, 500, 600, and 700 yards, seven shots at each range. The following is the Volunteer team: — Colonel Downes, Major Trapmann, Captains Fiveash, Madley, and Clark, and Lieutenants Moody and Ringwood. The weapons are to be Martini-Henry rides or carbines. A rifle match is to come off be tween No. 1 Adelaide Company of the S. A. N. R. and A Company of the Adelaide Kines next Saturday at the Fulham range. The Moust Mcirhead Flat Sale.— From the Border Watch we learn that 'a large number of intending selectors have gone, or are preparing to go, to Adelaide to attend the land sales on Tuesday next, when a large area of the Mount Muirhead Flat will be offered. It is expected there will be sharp competition for some of the best blocks, and it is feared the absurd system of bidding for selection will lead to many having to pay more for their blocks than they ought to do.' Our correspondent at Eeachport, writing on May 8, says on the sub jtct: — ''Since the hind in the Hundred of Mount Muirhead has been gazetted for sale en August 12 a considerable number of passengers have moved to and fro to inspect; the land. The steamers - have had a fair share of the benefit, which was particularly noticeable to-day, when the Goerang left Beachport with about eighty passengers, principally in tending selectors of land in the hundred, or persons returning from inspection of the above land. Opinions vary very much as to what prices the land may fetch, and it is to be hoped that people will keep their heads cool and not be carried away by the excitement, and bid too high. It will be no benefit to the district if the land fetches too high a price. The farmers as well as the traders are already crippled by paying too much, having only to save and scrape together the money due to Government. A circumstance which speaks well for the sound ness of the district is that a large number of the first selectors, who took up land there five and -even years ago, are going in for more, although it is from five to fifteen miles away from their y-resent holdings. They have all paid for their own old ground, and are going in for more new country, having earned and saved this money on their old holdings.' Cciuors Device.— We were shown on Situr Jay a curious yet elegant specimen of the printer's art, which u intended to be shown at the, Sydney Exhibition. It is the representation of the front elevation of a temple, and is all done by means of type of various descriptions. It is the work of Mr. William Knick, and the occasion which called it forth was the silver wedding of 3Ir. and Mrs. Gu?tav Kinderminn, about whom there is an inscription on the facs of tte temple. Football. — The football matches on Saturday resulted in victories for the Norwoods over the Adelaides by four goal to nil, and Ports over Victorians by one to nil. The Kensingtons forfeited to the South Parks, as, being mail day, they could, not get a team together, and the South Parks would not consent to a postpone- ment. Puet Police Cells.— It may be some satis faction to those persons who miy occupy the police cells at Port Adelaide to know that the Government are having them warmed by means cf hot-water pipes. Series of 'People's Coxcebts.' — On Satur day night there was given in Gouger-street Aca demy the first of a series of popular entertain ments by Buckley's Comic Concert Company. There was a fair attendance, and the song% dacces, and sketches were apparently much en jojed. The second concert will be given to night. Hamlet Bridge asd Balaklava Lu»b. — Oar csrrespoudent, writing on Friday last, says:— 'It is satisfactory to find very little delay was caused throagh the platelayers on the Hamley Eridge and Balaklava line striking, as the con tractor had a number of platelayers employed at ether work on different parts of the line. The work was therefore only stopped a few hours while these could be got together, and it is again being cashed on as before.' A Target Masses SsoT.--i. hairbreadth t scape, surrounded with, circumstances ap proaching th# miraculous, occurred in the neighbourhood of Malmsbury, Victoria, a week or two ago, which for a time placed two of the principal acton* in what appeared to be a serious tragedy in a most painful and' undesirable pre dicament. According to custom (states the hvntios uardiatt) the local volunteers turned cut for rifle practice at the bntta on the flat, and some really excellent shooting was made till approaching the break-up, when Mr. Smith narrowly escaped shooting a lad named Arthur Hawker, who was acting in the capacity of marksman. It appears that imme diately after the previous shot the marker issued from bis cover, took the shot, cleaned the target, and retired, giving, as he did so, the nsual signal denoting that everything was right Upon thU Mr. Smith took his sight, and was in the act of firing, when the marker, finding that he had neglected to do something, issued from his cover, and placed himself directly in front of the target without hanging out the danger signal. Seeing the danger in which the lad stood those standing around called to Mr. Smith not to fire, but unfortunately too late, the trigger having been palled as the position of affairs was noticed. The lad was standing with his face to the target, and the ballet passed through his right side immediately under the short rib, but without doing any other damage than inflicting a flesh wound. The lad dropped, but all apprehension* as -to his fate were dispelled by the persistence with which he yelled. An examination of the wound ?trowpd ifcat the injury, though sarioas, wat not tit a dangerous nature. Mr. Smith is a capital »hor. and secured a bullseye with the shot »hich pasted through the thoughtless marka maii'i side. 