[THE following article is the one mentioned as having been crowded outof our last issue.] THc Parliamentary Powers and Privileges Bill has been at length, through the action of the Upper House, consigned, for the present at least, to the limbo of legislative abortions, from whence, we hope, its ghost will not be found walking on any future occasion to cover popular representatives with ridicule and make the spectator doubt whether he is living in the latter half of the nineteenth century or in some mediaeval period when the creation of exclusive privileges, ald the grant of irresponsible license were in the common course of political and social events. The unique character-the peculiar moral features which have distinguished this ugly bantling of the Assembly, rather than of any parti cular ministry, induce us to bestow a fare well notice upon it ; for it may probably be long before any other bill is introduced into parliament involving in a similar manner or degree the character of popular institutions and the relations between electors and their representatives. A bill to effect some of the objects contemplated by the framers of the Privileges Bill, though not urgently needed, may nevertheless be desirable. Nobody need begrudge the members of the Assembly the power and privilege of keep ing themselves in order, if they sincerely wish to exercise it; and, however lamen table it may be that a law for such a purpose should be required, the further power of compelling the attendance of wit nesses before special or general committees, and of taking evidence on oath may also be conceded without misgiving. But between a bill of this kind and the one which on Thursday last received its quietus at the hands of the Council, there is nearly as much difference as between Hamlet's "spirits of health and goblins damned." It has -been the constant practice of the more prominent privilege- hunters during the two sessions that their ill-favoured pet was striving with their help to win its way to the statute book, to repel, with every symptom of virtuous indignation, the very idea that any abuse of the powers they s~ughlitc6isld ever be perpetrated by halfa gross of legislators, who had undergone the divine afflatus of a popular election. An uninterested spectator might merely laugh at their pretensions whether in the indi vidual or in the aggregate, as the claims of persons whom the afflatus above mentioned had deprived of all the ballast of common sense and decent humility which might otherwise have belonged to their character ; but every particular instance that has turned up during the incubation of the bill has tended to place in the strongest light the real disposition which animated the privi lege- hunters. The Assembly, all along, and by large majorities, persisted in bestow ing upon itself, though with certain pro visions as to their application, all the powers-powers of the most indefinite and formidable kind-which are supposed to be possessed by the House of Commons. The Council was no less bent upon confining these powers within harmless limits. In the hope of carrying their point, so far as concerned the most objectionable part of the bill, which the premier declared they could not forego, the Assembly sought what is termed a free conference between representatives of the two Houses,-a political process, which has seldom been rosorted to in the course of colonial history, or even during the recent parliamentary history of England, though it plays a pro minent part in that period of renewed parliamentary activity which followed the accession of King Williams the Third. The " managers" of the.conference on behalf of the Council were comiposed plrtly of mem* bers who had favoured more or less the pet bill of the Assembly; and they seem on the whole to have returned to their own chamber, rather impressed, perhaps a little intimidated by the unani mity and urgency of the representatives of the Assembly. When it was moved, however, on their behalf, that the Council should go into committee for the purpose of considering a compromise, the motion experienced, especially at the hands of Messrs. Dlalley and Darley, the same uncompromising opposition, which they. in company, it should be added, with Sir Alfred Stephen, had at previous stages offered to the more intemperate party of the Assembly's bill; and the "nominees" by 12 to 10 declined to take even that step towards sanctioning the encroachment on public liberty, which the popular chamber by much larger majorities had so persist ently demanded. The bill, we suppose, must be considered shelved; and its pro. meters, it is to be hoped, will have become adder and wiser men. But it is worth while to note how, even during this last debate on the measure, the cloven foot exhibited itself inthe speeches especially of thehoaly dema gogue, who represents the cabinet in tihe Upper House. It had been somewhere stated in print-by way of a sarcastic joke, we suppose-that the town residence of a certain Mr. Bennett, the representative of an intelligent constituency somewhere, was at the Soup Kitchen. Colonists are accus tomed, and we suppoes, roconciled to what over amount of degradation is inllicted by the insane ravings of politicians liko Sir John Robertson. But we may conceive the grave disapprobation of MIr. GladstoKe, the cutting sneer of Lord Beaconsfield on learn ing that it was for the purpose of revenging themselves for such " insults" as this that the two Knights Commanders of Botany Bay and their followers coveted the powers supposed to be vested- in the House of Commons. We quote a portion.of Sir J. Robertson's speech, as reported in the Herald. " He thought his hon. friend, (MIr. Dalley) might have refrained from alluding to the circumstance that the town residence of a member of the other House was offen sively stated to be the Soup Kitchen. It had been kept out of the debates hereto fore. It was all very well to laugh, as some Ison. gentlemen had done when this insult to a highly respectable and intelligent man was mentioned ; but it uwas far jro n being a subject for jesting. It was said that this gentleman could seek redress in the law Courts, but lie had not the means to do that. There could be no doubt that the insult would not have been offered if Mir. Bonnet were not a member of Parliament, and because he' could not obtain legal redress, was the insult to be quietly sub mitted to?" Our own opinion of the utterer of this insane trash could scarcely be more unfavourable than it is ; but Sir J. Robert son, we suppose, has still admirers, many of whom, doubtless, are like- minded with that partisan of John Wilkes who main tained that he " squinted no more than a gentleman ought to do." By such persons political doctrine such as that illustrated in the above quotation may perhaps be accepted. It is jocularly stated that the residence of a person who happens to be a member of Parliament is at some place other than the actual one, viz., at a Soup Kitchen. What harm this can do 'im, it would require, we suppose, the morbid sensitiveness of a demagogue to discdver. Yet the person who has uttered this whim sical statement is, according to Sir J. Robertson, a proper subject for a govern ment prosecution. Truly, if the " people" are themselves in their senses as regards political matters-which we by no means undertake to affirm- it is high time they brought their representatives and favour ites-for Sir J. Robertson belongs now merely to the latter category-into a similar condition with themselves, Another scene in the Powers and Privi leges farce had already occurred when that issue of the Indlependent, for which the above article was intended, was published ; though it was not possible to have read the report of that scene till Saturday. On Thursday evening our privilege-hunting premier introduced in the Assembly a reso lution indicative of nothing worth speaking of, but the intention of the ministry and their followers to persist in their ridiculous quest; and "burst into thunder and light ning," as Mr. Carlyle might say, at the rooollootion of the manner in which the pot scheme of the people's representatives to abridge the people's liberty of speech had been treated by the Council. The well deserved expressions of reprobation and contempt applied to himself by MIr. Dalley seem to have specially rankled in his mind ; and, to all appearance, lhe and the majority of the Assembly seem to be bent on follow ing the example of MIr. Graham Berry in forcinlg a conflict with the Upper House. Though that example would be a warning to men not afflicted with any particular mania, it may have its attractions for such men as the two Knights- Commanders of Botany Bay, who perhaps are incapable of perceiving that theirgroundofquarreliseven worse selected than that of Mr. Graham Berry. We cannot here further onJrg.e upon the subject, which might furnish matter for many articles : but we commend it once more to the particular attention of all who have the opportunity of persuing the full report of the debates in the Sydney journals, I. glancing at certain phases in the external relations of the British Empire at the present moment, one is tempted to wonder what can have been meant by the late Duke of Wellington, when he said in the oracular manner which seemed natural and allowable in him when speaking on subjects with which he was so familiar, that "a great country like England could not have a little war." Great and little are matters of com parison; but the empire i. at present engaged, on at least two widely separated points, in wars which to all appearance must prove "little" in comparison with that which seemed to threaten us scarcely a year ago, and which the British nation was naturally so glad to have avoided, when Lord Beaconsfield announced that "peace with honour" had been secured. The war against Shere Ali Khan on the north-west frontier of India; the war against the Zulu chief Cotewayo on the frontier of the south African colonies,-for in both these instances the British authorities are careful to distinguish between individual offenders in high places, and the people whom they ostensibly govern,-both these wars may fortunately be expected to prove small affairs in comparison with what the appre hended Russian war must have been. As compared with each other, however, the two campaigns have exhibited this peculiarity-that difficulties and reverses have been experienced in the greater degree in that one of the two undertakings where by almost universal consent, we suppose, they were least expected, viz. : in the South African affair; while in Afghanistan, where a peculiarly strong country and a regularly organised army were expected by many persons to present the most formi~lable obstacles to the advance of the Anglo. Indian columns, there has scarcely been resistance enough to do more than eonliven the monotony of what would otherwise have been a mere triumphal march., Without having before us any authoritative state mont of the losers hitherto incurred in Afghanistan, we may hazard a general estimate that they have altogether scarcely equalled those sustained in the unfortunate action at an obscure spot in the South African "bush," when the gallant 24th tihe 2nd Warwickshire-swas cut to pieces by the overwhelming mulitudes of cunning, and doubtless valiant savages, who had con trived, it appears, to draw the small force of which that regiment formed it part, into the ambuscade whicll proved its destruction. The advance of tihe Anglo-lndian columns, suspended for what really seems a very brief interval during 'the .recent winter imonths, has nowr, it appears reconlmenced ; and the probability is that some portion of Afghanistan will be annexed to the Quceei's Indian dominions; and .that this will be done either with the full conseont of the resident tribes (for Afghanistan is, properly speaking, neither a state nor ia nation), or at least with a passive acquiescence which in due time will develop .into a genuine satisfaction at the change. In reading the official record of the events attending, or rather preceding the opening of this year's campaign against the Zulus, it is 'impossible to avoid the reflec tion how accurately they correspond to what takes place between the outlying Russian governments in Central Asia, and . the conterminous tribes of barbarians, whom a certain class of politicians persistently represent as the innocent and helpless victims of Muscovite rapacity, as perhaps in some instances they are. " Towards the latter end of July last," says Sir Bartle Frere, the High Commissioneror Governor-General of the South African colonies, "'two large armed bodies of Zulus, retainers of the Chief Sirayo, and led by three of that chief's sons, and by one of his brothers, entered tile territory of Natal, and took away' by force and violence two refugee women," &c.;, &c.; " The women, were dragged across the border into Zululand, and there, it is reported, murdered. These two separate acts of outrage were promptly brought to the notice of Cetewayo," and tihe surrender of the four culprits above mentioned, in order that they might be tried by the colonial courts, was demanded, The Zulu King extonuated the outrage, and offered pecuniary compensation, wihich was, of course, refused. Tile barbarian potentate declined to make any further concession; and tlhe colonial government, having waited in vain to the limit of time fixed in their ultiinatum, viz., January 11, placed the matter in the hands of the commander of the forces, Lieutenant-Gene ral Lord COhelmsford (General Thresiger,) in order that he might obtain by arms, so far as the means at his disposal would allow, the redress which had been refused to mere remonstrance. Such is the substance of the statement made in a " notification" published by Sir Bartle Frere for the information of all concerned. As we hayve before remarked, it might, with a change of names, stand for the account of some simi lar transaction between General Kauffiann and one of the respectable Turconian. Khans in the mystical regions of Central Asia; and such have always been, and probably will ever be the causes of dissen sion arising between barbarous and civilised communities where their frontiers are con terminous, The former are unable to appreciate, and can still less enforce upon their own members those obligations of which the latter cannot tolerate the breach ; and quite independently of any set design for aggrandisement or annexation, it becomes absdlutely unavoidable to take in more and more of tli\et uncivilised region. Of course, there is sdich a thing as doing injustice even to savages during the pro' cess, but the extension of the borders of civilisation is at least inevitable, whatever may be its value. The disclaimers of all intention to annex, which we hearfromr time to time are apt to sound Ihollow and affected, coming as they often do from the mouths of men who are aware that there is really no choice. Tle Zulu war can in the nature of things terminate no otherwise than hi the extension of British influence in South Africa ; though the acquisition of any con siderable area of territory will not, probably, be thought expedient for the present. The unaccustomed incident of the destruction of aBritish regiment by the hands of a barbarian enemy created an amount of excitement and consternation which was more natural than reasonable, and gave rise to remarks on the capacity of the general, to which the reply of tilhe government speaking by the mouth of the First Lord of the Admiralty was that "a more brave, prudent, and cabable man was not to be found among the many brave and capable men of the British army; and they could not think of superseding him. The successful barbarian to wrhom rno one need begrudge tie credit of military capacity, already finds hirnsolf, it is credibly stated, much in the position of the ancient Epirote, who in contemplating his losses after a successful action, oxclairmed, "'Another such victory and I am undone ' It might still be a matter for an " even bet," as we dare say it is a subject for betting among some persons, whether the Afghan or the Zulu war will first terminate, 