PROFESSOR PEPPER. Since the days when gold-digging was tha national avocation, and canvas covered a mul titude of miscellaneous manly virtues, Victoria has been vieited by many celebrated men (and women, whoBe names stand out liko land- marks in our briof history. Notably, in tho theatrical world, havo we seen, heard, and ad mired celebrities, whoso visits were so many patcheB of aunBhino in tho work-a-day life. Catherine Hayes, G. V. Brooke, Montgomery, Ristori, ICoan, and a half sooro of world, known notables _ will at once occur to our readers' minds. We have now to ' welcome to this city, " by the long waste of AuBtralasian seas," a luminary from a sphere other than histrionic, in the person of Pro fessor Pepper, the celebrated exponent of popular science, and author oi numerous valu. ablo works bearing upon tho same subject. But tho star theatrical is to a certain extent eclipsed by the star scientific, by reason of tho positive good flowing from the lattor source, in contrast with the less palpable benefit de rivable from tho former. If tho man who caitseB two blades of grass to »pring whore there wanonlynno before, is pronounced a benefactor to hiB fallow-crentures, what degree of philan thropic Fame should attach to one who fertilises themindB of hundreds of thousands, evoking in thom a flourishing growth of. scientific know ledge, destined to last as long as life itself! Such baa undoubtedly been the successfully achieved aim of Profeesor Pepper, whose very name, with ita crisp alliteration, opens up a vista of pleasant recollections, and whose labors in the cause of science have been so zealous and so largely productive. Who amongst us, living in London any time betweon tho years 184B. and 1870, but remembers the Polytoohnic, and Its Microcosm of Marvels, And who but, thinking of these, connects with them a vivid romembranco of Professor Peppor, the ruling .power over all. Hero has an entire genoratian been by turns mystified, bewildered, and enlightened ; now entranced by' beauties re vealed beneath the sombre cloak of scientific- foot end now hearingsolid truthsdcstinod to form: an important constituent in future individual: researches. Slightly to alter the words of tha poet, and apply them to tho gonial professor — " To hear him was a liberal education " — and' - there must bo thousunds now scnttorod over tbe habitable glob6 who owe their love of science to tho teaching of Professor Popper. The art of conveying to others the great laws that govern the universe, and more especially such portions of them as apply to our own littlo atom of the vast whole, iBa gift in which the professor excels, and a judicious admix ture of amusement with instruction resulted in his audience boing taught without kuowing it. Under his gentle ' spiriting, Science was no longer synonymous with harsh teohnioali- tiesand aryasduat formulae. It became a region' as charmingly enchanted or the pleasenteBt locality of story-book lore. No wonder that for nearly thirty years tho Polytechnic lec tures ranked amongst tho first of London's nunierouu attractions. No wonder the inven tors, anxious to spread the fame of some new achievement in the field of their researches, sought out Professor Pepper, and by his kindly aid were able to place themselves on rapport with multitudes instead of units. No wonder that from Royalty downward, the'name of;Pr»- feu.or Pepper became as a household word, and the man himself the recipient of many honorablo distinctions. But not by lectures alone did he seok to improve the millions of the great city. He instituted and successfully carried on a series of olasseB, which have been the means of educntiug large numbers of Lon doners; while in the course of hiB own private studies he discovered and brought before the public marvellous applications of scientific phenomena. .His famous ghost effects alone placed thou sands of poundB to the credit of tho Polytech nic funds, and have made small fortunes for exhibitors all' over the globe. Even though the said exhibitors but gave their audiences but the mere shadow of tha wonders whioh tha - professor himself knows how to 'produoo. Al though tho grente'r portion of his time has been spent in London, Professor Pepper paid oc casional visits to the chief cities in the pro vinces, and more latterly crossed the Atlantic and delivorcd a series of " Exhibition lectures" in America, where lie was received by a per fect ovation, the leading scientists of tho coun try vieing with euchothor in doing him honor, while tile general publio thronged the halls where he appeared, and applavded his brilliant experiments to tho eciio. We have little doubt that the same success awaits him here, for Old Australia hails him as a friend of long Handing from the dear old Homo beyond the Stn, whiio Young Australia, reading of his fame, will flock to see tbo marvels of -his - art. 