CONFIRMATION SERVICE. His Lordsliip the Bishop of Melbourne held a confirmation service at St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon, when eighty-, one caudidates were admitted to Church membership. The church was inconve niently crowded during the service, forms being placed down the aisles. Of the number mentioned 47 were worshippers at St. Paul's, the re-, maiuing 34 being from the All Saints' parish, about 20 out of the total number being males. Several adults were amongst the confirmees. In his address to the candidates, after catechising them, the Bishop remarked that the main idea of religion was faith in the person of Christ, and not in doctrines. After laying hands on the candidates, Dr. Moorhouse addressed tliein upon the solemnity of their vow of allegiance to their Maker and | Saviour. By the vow they promised to renounce whatever He forbade, to obey whatever He commanded, and to do all that Ho taught. He earnestly exhorted them to avail themselves of the privilego of partaking of the holy communion, which was one of the chief means provided by God to enable them to keep their solemn compact. The convenience of the con gregation was to a great extent interfered with by a number of persons who, having satisfied their curiosity by witnessing tho rite of confirmation, left tho church whilst the Bishop was delivering his second ad dress to the confirmees, thus rendering it difficult for thoso who wished to hear what was said to do so. One of the chief fea tures of the service was the singing by the choir of tho beautiful chant, " Come, Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire," prior to tho-laying on of hands. Tho chanting was done in excellent time, and* with much taste. His Lordship also preached in the morning, when the service for a Saint's day was gono through, which con sisted of tho singing of tho Athanasian Creed and the chanting of a number of Psalms. Tho Bishop took as his text, Matt, iv., 18 and 19, having reference to tho calling of St. Andrew, which he ap plied to the present time. There was a largo congregation. The Itov. Canon Chalmers assisted at each service. 