LENTEN PASTORAL LETTER OF THE MOST REV. ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN. THE GREAT ALTERNATIVE. IV. {Concluded.) Dearly beloved, however dark your past may have been 3rou must not on that account harden your hearts. He who came for the sake of sin ners will not drive them from Him if they are willing to repent. ' If thy brother sin against thee,' says our Lord, ' reprove him ; and if ho do penance, forgive him. And if lie sin against ^-linrv omrnn f.i m oc in -- rlnir onrl cnvon fnn ne in o UJ1UU UU I WU KJ.11IUU 111 14/ V I U- | J 1. 1. 1 A V 1. Llj I W1J IIHILU 111 LV day be converted unto thee, saving, I repent : forgive him.' And if our Master thus teaches us to forgive one another, will He not, if we be really sorry, graciously forgive us also ? Yes, He will, and not only forgive, but exert His divine power to drive our enemies from us, and to assist us in vanquishing the habits of years, and in resisting those proclivities engendered by an evil course. If you greatly fear for your future on account of your past ; if you seem to soe the hosts of the enemy already surrounding you, take comfort from the Holy Scriptures. In the fourth Book of Kings we read that the servant of Eliseus, rising early, went out and saw an army round about the city, and horses, and chariots ; and trembling with fear lie exclaimed to his Master, alas, alas, my Lord, what shall I do ? But he answered, fear not : for there are more with us than with them. And Eliseus prayed, and said, Lord, open his eyes that ho may see. And the Lord opened the eyes of the servant, and he saw, and behold the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire, round about Eliseus. Dearly beloved, if there be one among a/ou who on ac count, of the past, is in fear of the future, let him remember not only the strength, but also the tenderness of Christ. ' Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall bo as white as snow ; though they bo red like crimson, they shall be as wool.' ' The bruised reed lie will not break, and the smoking flax ho will not extinguish.' For ' they that trust in the Lord, shall be as Mount Sion ; lie shall not be moved for ever that dwelleth in Jerusalem. Mountains are round about it ; go the Lord is round about His people for hence forth now and for evci'.' Lot these our words then apply to all who have been baptized into the Church of Christ ; and let all, whether they be such as have striven from their youth to servo the Lord, or such as have been by degrees led away from the purity of their baptism, — let all take seriously to heart the simple and fundamental truths of religion which are the most powerful instruments for converting souls. And by this we mean that each should meditate us if he and God wore alone in the world, upon his last end and eternal destiny. How much time we have passed since our baptism in this world wo know ; how much time remains to us is uncertain. We may out-live those who wore born many years after us ; we may die before those who were in middlo age when we were born. How far wo have come, wo know ; how far we have yet to go, we know not. One thing is certain : the past is past ; and the future is beyond us ; and only the present is in our power, and in our hands. Examine for a moment your actual condition, as the result, as most assuredly it is, of your past career. What you now are, that you have made yourself by the very act of living on. Has your course been in the direction of your end ? V. But stay : What is your end ? When this life is over, and the last general Judgment has been concluded, all mankind and womankind will be simply divided into two — separated eternally and irrevocably — a mass of men and women in Heaven, and a mass of them, alas ! in Hell fire. There will be no third place. Let a infin die, and his fate is finally settled. The myriad's that have gone before us, the thousands that die day by day throughout the world, know their eternal destiny, they know whether they are to be eternally happy or endlessly miserable. Our turn will come : one day our eyes will most assuredly be opened ; and now we have it in our power to make our calling and election sure. In order that we may all the more easily measure our course and weigh our position, and discover our tendency let us for a moment try and understand, so far as Scripture will allow us to do so, what Heaven is — Heaven in 'which we are everlastingly to find our happiness, and for attaining which we ai'e placed m probation upon earth. By this means we shall be able to find out whether our lives and characters are growing inoi'c and more in harmony and keeping with our future eternal happiness ; or whether, on the contrary, we are forming our destiny for quite another state of being, and preparing ourselves for Hell. VI. Heaven is thus described by the pen of the inspired writer: 'Behold there was a throne set in heaven, and upon the throne one sitting; and lie that sat was ..to the sight like the jasper and the sardine- stono ; and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald. And round about the throne were four and twenty seats ; and upon the seats four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in white garments, and on their heads were crowns of gold. And from the throne proceeded lightnings and voices and thunder ; and there were seven lamps burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God. And in sight of the throne was as it were a sea of glass like crystal ; and in the midst of the throne and round about the throne were four living creatures . . . and the four living creatures had each of them six wings . . . and they rested not day and night saying : Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, who was, and who is, and who is to come. And when those living creatures gave glory and honour and benediction to Him that sitteth on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever, the four -and- twenty ancients fell down before Him that sitteth on the throne, and adored Him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crown before the throne saying : Thou art worthy, O Lord our God, to receive glory, and honour, and power ; because thou hast created all things, and for thy will they were, and have been created. . . And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round about the throne, and the living creatures and the ancients ; and the number of them was thousands of thousands saying with a loud voice : The Lamb that was slain, is worthy to receive power, and divinity, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and rrl r\i»ir o i i r\ n/niflrnnfmn A t l~m» i~. 1 11 ^ I c-inr n great multitude, Avhich no man could number, of all nations, all tribes, and peoples, and tongues standing before the throne, and in sight of the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands ; and they cried with aloud A'oice, say ing Amen, Benediction, and glory, and -wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and strength to. our God for ever and ever. Amen. . . And lo a Lamb stood upon Mount Sion, and with Him an hundred and forty-four thousand having His name and the name of His Father written on their foreheads. Aud I heard a AToice from heaven, as the noise of many waters, and as the voice of great thunder : and the voice which I heard was the voice of harpers, harping on their harps. And they sang as it were a neAV canticle before the throne, and before the four living creatures. . . . And he took me in spirit to a great and high mountain ; and he showed me the holy city Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, having the glory of God, and light thereof was like to a precious stone, as to the japser-stone, eA'cn as crystal. And it had a Avail great and high, having twelve gates, and in the gates tAvelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel. On the oast, three gates ; and on the north, three gates ; and on the south, three gates ; and on the west, three gates. And tho Avail of the city had twelve foundations, and in them, tho twelve names of the twelve Apostles of the Lamb. . . . And the twelve gates are twelve pearls, one to each ; and every several gate was of one sovcral pearl. And tho street Of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass. And I saw no temple therein. For the Lord God Almighty is tho temple thereof and the Lamb. And the city had no need of the sun, nor of the moon, to shine in it. For the glory of God hath enlightened it, and the Lamb is the lamp thereof. . . And lie showed mo a river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding from tho throne of God and of the Lamb. And in tho midst of the street thereof, and on both sides of tho river was the tree of life, bearing tAvelve fruits, yielding its fruits every month, and the leaves of the tree were for tho healing of tho nations. And there shall be no curse any more ; but tho throne of God and of tho Lamb shall be in it, and His servants shall serve Him ; and they shall see His face ; and His nanio shall he on their foreheads : and night shall be no more : and they shall not need tho light of the lamp, nor tho light of the sun, bocauso the Lord God shall enlighten them, and they shall reign for ever and ever.' ? ??'?' Such are the words of inspired Scripture re garding the vision of that Home in which the ' ' King dwells in His beauty ; such is St. John's description of tho Heavenly Court, of the king dom of the resurrection, into Avhich ' nothing defiled' may enter, of the everlasting resting place and rejoicing-place of the saints of God. There the music is the song of angels, there is heard the everlasting thanksgiving of those who bear the name of the lamb upon their foreheads. Martyrs and confessors, prophets and apostles, and patriarchs and seers, all those who haAre died in the state of grace, sinners though they may one time haA'e been, are there to be found, in their hosts and their heirarehies rejoicing for ever more in the victory they have won. There neither corruption, nor death can enter ; there no grovelling spirit, no selfish desire, no mean ness of mind, no vulgar ambition, no sensual lust, no dishonesty of thought or imagination of evil can be found ; but all is filled with tho light proceeding from the Throne and from the Lamb ; and truth, and justice, and charity, and peace, and ecstatic love and praise and thanksgiving are unalloyed witli the ; base imperfections of the lower world. The loAvest in that glorious company is dazzling bright ; the least in that kingdom bears about him a splendour of incorruption which would be '. too much for carnal eyes, a transfigured beauty upon which only those eyes can rest which have been especially prepared for the heavenly ATision. And if such bo the case Avith. the lowliest creature in the kingdom of the Saints, Avhat must not He bo who is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords amongst that flashing throng — their Maker, and ; the cause of all their beauty and all their light ! ' O wonder of love,' says a pious writer meditat ing on the groat future vision, ' O wonder of love, . . O friend all gentle, all pure, all Avise, in whose presence to abide, under whose loving gaze to d well, is Heaven ; shall we indeed see Thy beauty ? Shall avo see Thy form all Majesty, and Thy countenance all love ? Shall we look upon that of which avo read in Gospels, muse on before the Altar, and picture in the heavens ? Is it to us, is it to me, let each one ask, that thou hast pledged thy troth, that I shall see thee with these very eyes Avherewith I now see my own form and the face of this fleeting world ? Shall I see the wounds, the five halloAved wounds, which thou didst sIioav to thy friends when the doors were shut, on the night of the resurrection ; and ; the very print of the nails, and the radiant circle of thy crown of thorns ? And shall I know and feel ' all this Avas for me, — consciously, and with clear intent, suffered upon earth for me ?' O love greater than love of man ; love of God, love eternal, which created me, suffered for me, died for me, bore with me in my long, blind, stubborn rebellions, spared, shielded, restrained, comrerted me by my holy inspirations, and pleadings of ' . tender upbraidings, — do I now see thee face to face? Art thou He that lias ever blessed me behind the veil, and spread over me day and night thy pierced hands, on whoso palms my name was graven with the nails of cruci fixion ; out of Avhosc depths has issued ior me nothing but thy precious blood and thy cleans ing grace all the days of my life ? Noav, I behold Thy beauty, 'whom having not seen' I desired to love ; and in Avhom, though 1 saw Thee not as yet, I rejoiced, so far as my cold, loveless soul, conscious of sin, and shrinking from Thy pure presence, could rejoice . and love. It was my blindness that hid from me Thy beauty. If I had loved, I should have perceived Thy love ; and should have chosen Thy sweetness before all happiness on earth. But thou hast saved me from my sins and from myself, and hast brought me to this 'land which is very far off ;' far off from sorrow and crying, from death and sin : and hast revealed to me Thy beauty in the vision \' of peace. Lord, it is enough ; I desire no more ; ?'? be this eternal and it is enough for ever.' VII. Dearly beloved, ask yourselves, before the Blessed Sacrament, whether or no you have been preparing for such a Heaven as has '; been described, and for such a nearness to, and love of Christ as this. Though avo cannot fathom tho whole meaning and depth of the blessed vision presented to us by St. John, still avo can in our measure understand it. We can understand sufficiently what sort of a place Paradise is, and what its occupations are, to be able to tell whether or no we are fitting ourselves to be happy therein, and at home there for all ; eternity. Heaven is what the holy writer describes it, nor Avhat the carnal mind might Avish it to be. It is the Vision of Christ and God face to face, and the companionship of Angels and of Saints. Are you preparing yourselves to be one of that glorious company by the kind of life you are living upon earth ? And if you are found at tho last, when you are weighed in the scales, unfit for that society, what Avill become of ' you? You cannot be annihilated. You must '?'- spend your eternity in one of tAvo places — either in Heaven, or in Hell. If you are found unfit for Heaven, alas, alas, Hell must be your inevi table portion. ' VIII. And what does Scripture tell us of this fearful- ;',,. -,- place of punishment.? It is 'A land covered ,. , ; with tho mist of death, a land of misery and darkness, whore the shadow of death, and no .':???. order, but everlasting horror dwclleth. Their. ? .,..- laud shall be soaked with blood, and their ground wit.h tho fat of fat ones. . . Tho stroams thereof shall be turned into pitch, and the ground thereof into brimstone, and tho land thereof shall ? become burning pitch ; night and day it shall not be quenched ; the smoke thereof shall go up for over. . . For Topeth ia prepared from yesterday, prepared by the king, deep and wide : the nourishment thereof is fire and much avoocI, . and the breath of the Lord as a torrent of brim- . stone kindloth it. . . The sinners in Sion are . . ; afraid, trembling hath seized upon the hypo- . .'?.: ci'ites ; which of you can dwell Avith devouring ? -.; fire? which of you can dwell with ever-* ^;,'i lasting burnings?' Such is (he place oi l-.iz ..? ?.-:; ;:?:? i?.3 ? : .: ?-:?.:: ±k& torments. How different from the peaceful glowing home of fcho Saints ! And in the place of Christ's ecstatic love, and fcho sweet affectionate fellowship of the blessed, God Almighty will turn His wrath and His executions upon those who would not servo Him. ' His zeal shall take armour, and lie will arm the creature for the revenge of His enemies. . . He will sharpen His severe wrath for a spear, and the whole world shall light with Him against the unwise ; then shafts of lightening shall go directly from the clouds, . . . and thick hail shall bo cast upon them from the stone casting wrath ; the water of the sea shall rage against them, and the rivers shall run together in a terrible' manner ; a mighty wind shall stand up against them, and as a whirlwind shall divide them. . . . There are spirits which are created for vengeance, and in their fury they lay on grievous torments. In the time of destruction they shall pour their force, and they shall appease the wrath of Him that made them : fire, hail, famine and death, all these were created for vengeance, the teeth of beasts, and scorpions, and ser pents, and the sword taking vengeance upon the ungodly unto destruction.:.,. , ... The Lord shall rain snares upon the wicked ; fire and brimstone, and storms of wind, shall be the portion of their cup. . . . . For, the creature serving the Creator, is made fierce against the unjust for their punishment. . . ^! .; Tlie Lord Almighty will take revenge on them': in the day of judgment He will visit them ; for Ho will, give fire and worms into their flesh, that they burn and feel for ever. . . They shall be cast into the hell of unquenchable fire, where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not extinguished, . . for every one shall be salted with fire, and every victim shall be salted with salt. . . For thou, O Lord, shalt make them as an oven of fire in the time of Tlry anger. The Lord shall trouble them in His wrath, and fire shall devour them. . . He shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, ?;? 'which is mingled with pure wine in the cup of His wrath, and shall be tormented with fire and bz'imstone in the sight of the holy angels, and in the sight of the Lamb, and the smoke of their torments shall ascend up for ever and ever, neither have they rest day ov nigh!. ... A fire is kindled in my wrath, and shall burn even to the lowest hell. ... I will heap evils upon them, and will spend my arrows among them ; they shall be consumed with famine, and birds shall devour them with a bitter bite ; I will send the teeth of beasts upon them, with the fury of creatures that trail upon the ground, and of serpents. ... their grapes are grapes of gall, and their clusters most bitter ; their wine is the gall of dragons, and the venom of asps which is incurable. . . . They shall seek death and shall not find it ; they shall desire to die and death shall ily from them. . . . They shall torment themselves with bitter, but fruitless remorse, saying within themselves, repenting, and groaning with anguish of spirit : We have erred from the way of the truth, and the light of justice hath not shined unto us. We wearied ourselves in the way of iniquity and destruction, and have walked through hard ways, but the way of the Lord we have not known. What hath pride profited us ? or what advantage hath the boasting of riches brought us ? All these things are passed away like a shadow.' IX. And, surely, dearly beloved, O dear friends, this is enough to bring before us the terrible judgment of Almighty God. These two pictures, these vivid startling contrasts of the two eterni ties, one of which must irrevocably be ours, can not but deeply affect us and make us enter into ourselves. Each day as it lakes its course brings us nearer to the awful solution of our destiny. Each hour as it passes silently by tells its tale, and exerts its influence on our souls and charac ters. Whilst there is life there is hope. It is never too -late to mend, says the proverb : never too late to take our souls earnestly in hand and prepare them for their eternity. Could we find a middle term, then perhaps our case would not be so serious. But that cannot be. To lose heaven does not mean to remain on earth, or to cease to bo ; but ii; means to live ever lastingly in eternal agony and ceaseless torment, with the devils and the damned. Let us one and all set ourselves to meditate on this fearful truth. Lot us place ourselves in solitude and take in its. full significance, so far as we are each of us personally concerned ; and then let us, as saints have done before us, make our firm resolution of suffering any sacrifice rather than jeopardize the salvation of our souls. We all of us, the clergy secular a&d; regular, and the sister hoods, whether of the contemplative or active vocation, should from time to time, look fixedly on that future which every day of our lives approaches nearer its revelation. We all of us have, in our especial spheres, and doing our especial duties, to save our souls ; and there is not one amongst us who does not require the stimulus which the great truths of religion alone can give. We upon whom ho much depends ; we who are charged with the great work of actively reclaiming and assisting in saving others should be more than any other, imbued and familiarized with tho great thoughts connected with our destiny. Yon, Reverend Fathers in Jesus Christ, who have given up so much to serve your Master, and arc bent upon attaining your crown, you in an especial manner should, continually keep the fear of Glod before your eyes, lest whilst having preached to others you yourselves might chance to become castaway?. You, also, dear sisters in our Lord and in St. Benedict — who have given your lives to Christ in the sweet solitude of monastic observances — -you too would do well often to meditate on those portions of the Holy l\ule in which the future is held out to you as the reward of holocaustie lovo and in which is contained ouch intellectual food as will sustain you in fcho strict and loving per formance of your duties, as will make you fear and tremble whilst you love and hope, and place all your confidence in Him who is the stay of those ?who trust in him. And you, dear sistors of the active life of charity, meditate, ''especially during the holy season, on; the motives '- of your actions, and measure your every ?word and deed as well as thought, by the light of the future and by the hope 'of. ybiii1 calling/ And in proportion as you, on'account. of the obligations' of your state, have to deal with the world— deal witli it as the Angels of Q-od would, not as taking part in it, but as bearers, of messages of .peaoo of consolation and; of comfort and of light to it-. And as to you; dearly 'beloved children of the' Laity, working: out 'o.m-: salvation in; the ?world',-' let us implore you 30 set aside fche3e days of Lent as a time of 'especial; ' thought '911 the' great' alternative set before you. Let each ask- himself ' in the solitude of his heart : ; Has my: past life been leading mo towards' fitness f6r'vthe' beatific vision and the companionship bf'Sairits ?'?' Am I now what. I should wishvto: be where I suddenly stricken down : by sickness;' and had I; now this night to prepare for cleathR - Say each; of you : I am nearer my final destiny than I 'was a year ago: I cannot escapo the ? future : iny eternity must be either endlessly happy or endlessly miserable : I y- will this ; very Lent set my house in : order;- and by the practices of Prayer-' 'Fasting, - - -and. -'?'? Alms deeds, by a; ; thoroughly; good confession,- and , devout commtinion,;rwill so present myself to my Lord at Easter-tide'. -that He may graciously vouchsafe to receive' me and to love me, arid guard; trie 'through life, and grant to me the . inestimable gift of ^ final 'perseverance;'-..'-' , : ? ' : ?? ,.'. Dearly beloved, what more need wo. say to you ? We leaveyou'iri the hands of Gpd's grace and to the inspiration of His Holy Spirit. May' He direct you to do that which will be most pleasing to Him and most saving f or ' -yourselves. May He open your hearts to lovo Him; to prefer Him to all things that earth, or passion, or ambition,' or the world can offer. May He Himself open your eyes to see ' 'with a dear intuition' of faith, glorious vision which brings consolation ;. to the ? spirit, and makes all the glory of the world fade as a summer cloud when the sun has set. ? May He write deep in your hearts His holy fear, and a dread of the everlasting pool of fire ; and purge and purify and spiritualize you, day by day, more and more, as you approach towards the reckoning-. day. Thus life will be filled with a « high and noble purpose : thus far from being cast in gloom; your way will be bright with .the rays of the future, as the rays of the rising sun across the world; and as your rising was bright; your setting will, God sowilling, - be more glorious still. :. ;'':, ????.- f:-;^-.:i-v 'A'-;-- ' - '? . ? ;-';./. ;'V. x..-V .;.,'- ° ? ????:': '?'?'' Stir then up your Faith ;in the great arid awful truths of the future. ?? AucL listen; in conclusion, to the words of ;Sfc. Cyprian:— 'That 'which our conscience would fear if it believed, because it believes not it does not fear ; if it believed, it would become cautious; if made cautious, it would escape. Let us awake, my beloved brethren, as far as we can ; let us break through the slumber of our former sloth, and rise up to observe and perform the commandments of our Lord. Let us be such as He bade us be ; let your loins be girded, and you lamps burning, and bo ye like unto men who await their Lord, when He cometh from the marriage, that when He cometh and knocked they open unto Him ; blessed are those servants, whom their Lord, when He cometh, shall find watching. We must gird ^.ourselves up, lest when the day of haste cometh, He finds us hindered and impeded. Let our light shine in good works, let it so beam, as to lead us from the night of this world to the splendours of eternal glory.' ' My beloved, building yourselves upon your most holy faith, praying in the 'Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, waiting for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto life ever lasting. .... Now to Him who is able to preserve you without sin, and to present you spotless before the presence of His glory with exceeding joy in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ— -to the only God our Saviour, through Jesus Christ our Lord, bo glory and magnificence, empire and power, before all ages, and now, and for ages of ages. Amen !' Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the dioceses of Sydney and Armidale, on Quinquagesima Sunday, 1879. f ROG-ER BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney and Administrator Apostolic of Armidale. 