PAPAL AND PAGAN PRAYERS, AMULETS, FUNERALS, BELLS. By Signor Gtovanwi Ferrero, BB.L, Without going to Pagan history of idolatrous prayers, we have the all- sufficient testimony of our Lord and Saviour that vain repetitions and multitude of words are Pagan in form and spirit. " When yo pray do not use vain repetitions, as the heathen do ; for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be not ye therefore like unto them, for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of before ye ask Him." Matt. vi. ' The prophets of Baal called on the name of their idol from morning even until noon, saying, " Oh, Baal, hear us I" and cut themselves after their manner (or rite) with knives and lancets till the blood gushed out upon them. 1 Kings xviii. But Elijah, the prophet of the living God, with one short prayer, without vain repetitions and multiplicity of words, was heard by the God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, and the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice, the wood, the stones, the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench. Roman Catholics and Protestants, read the divine episode of the prayer of faith, and cease from the formality of vain repetitions, of shouting as if God was deaf, and the effectual fervent prayer offered up to the Father in the name of Jesus Christ His Son shall be heard as Elijah was heard. The reproaching words of Tertullian to the Pagans are a convincing proof that in the primitivo' ages the Church of God was kept free from formal prayers, and from imitating the idolaters in their supplications. Agmine verborum Deum adeundum putanf' (they think u to go to God with multitude of words). What would Tertullian say to St. Dominique, who invented ,the Rosary P What is this Rosary P It is a pretty word, as its etymology is derived from rose. Is it a garland of roses P And how can it be a prayer 1 English, or British, boys and girls have read in history or have seen Hindoos and Brahmins with a long thread of beads muttering their prayers to their gods. The Rosary of Papal Rome is the same as that of the Hindoos and Brahmins. St. Dominique has only the honour of having changed the prayers, but not of having invented the beads. It is composed of a long thread of 72 beads ; 15 beads bigger than the other 57 are paternosters-—- balls or beads for the Lord's Prayer to be said fifteen times. The smaller beads are for 57 repetitions of the prayer to the mother of God, viz., Ave Maria gratia plena (Hail, Mary, full of grace). As a prayer it is a blasphemy, pagan in its form, as ancient as the beads found in the Vatican Museum, in the excavations of Herculaneum and Pompei; but as a bodily exercise it is an excellent narcotic to help any good soul to go to sleep. Who can count how many times the " Kyrie eleison, Christe oleison," is repeated in the Breviarium, or prayerbook of the priest 1 Did Pius V. or Clement VII. ever think of the words of the Lord Jesus about Pagan repetitions in prayers when they put their sanction to the Breviarium Romanum, and in a flagrant antagonism with the teaching _ of our Saviour they approved the long repetitions and multitude of words contained therein P Do Ritualists, mimicking popery, ever think how their prayers are like those of paganism, and while they profess to have no other rule of faith but God's written Word, they depart from it in practising rites and forms according to the traditions of men ? Speaking the truth in love, dear readers, examine your conscience at the light of God's Word, and purge your mind and soul from practices which are dishonouring to the authority of the words of Christ. But enough about prayers. Though the history of their perversion requires a volume, yet truthj would be still as strange as fiction. Now to Amulets. Plutarcus, in the life of Romulus, relates that the Roman children, especially the Patricians, carried around their necks nic-nacs in form of the human heart, to exorcize the evil demons and as preservatives against accidents and evil doers. They were called buloe or balls. Papal Rome has invented the Agnus Dei (Lamb of God!), which are nic-nacs made in the form of a heart; the material of this papal amulet is of white wax, anointed with the chrisma, or holy ointment, made on Holy Thursday in the Sistine Chapel, which amulet is appended on the neck of the infants, with the good intention of preserving them from evil, and forward their good luck. Reader, you suspect me of making fun of you, but read the letter that Pope Urban V. sent to the Greek Emperor John VI. in presenting him with one of his papal amulets. " This Agnus Dei that I send to thee as a token of my paternal love is made with pure wax, mixed with balm and holy oil ! Like the blood of Christ (Oh, blasphemy ! but who has a right to blaspheme except a pope ?), it has power to still the thunders of divine wrath, to destroy the sting of sin and death. It preserves the lives of the parturients, it helps their deliverance, protects the infants from dangers, quenches fire, delivers from wrecks those who carry it," &c.; Cardinal Baronius, who reports the letter of Urban in his Annales Eccles., adds his own testimony of the supernatural efficacy of the Agnus Dei. "The neophiteB, or new-converted (who are they P—the infants who were baptised, not by immersion, but with a few drops of sprinkled water, called new converts), after having been baptised, cany on their neck an Agnus Dei, like a pagan rite, as the pagan Romans used to hang on the neck of their children little flowers in form of hearts, as preservatives against bad luck and witchcraft; but we Christians append to the neck of our children the Agnus Dei as a figure of the heart of the meek and lowly infant Jesus t" We leave now the Papal baptistery, and we go to some of the Papal sanctuaries to see the various votive offerings presented to their saints. Let me choose from the miracles of temples one for all. It is the famous sanctuary called La Madonna Delia Consolata (the Madonna of Consolation) in the wellknown city of Turin. It is a grand temple with four great naves, a fine cupola with six altars eich side, and the great altar, where an ugly miraculous image of the Madonna is worshipped as a power of miracles. The treasure of offerings kept in the vestry is the rich and foolish contribution of kings, emperors, rich, and poor ; its real value in 1846 amounted to 32,000,000 of francs, beside a massive statue of solid silver, colossal size, with a crown of gold all studded with precious rubies, diamonds, and sapphires. The shrine is behind the great altar—a chapel as large as the Town Hall in Adelaide. The walls of the shrine are all coyered with pictures, not alvays of the best style. It is impossible to make a catalogue of them. It beats the quantity of pictures in the British Museum! You see houses burning, and the Virgin Mary as the captain of the fire brigade, 'helping the inhabitants out of the flames. You see cars with bullocks or mules, carriages with horses running over children or old men and women, and Mary stopping liorees, bullocks, mules on the brink of precipices, saving beasts and men. Other pictures represent wrecks of ships, inundated villages, with the Virgin floating in the water with her devotees. Others of brigands with daggers on their victims, struck down by Mary to defend the life of the devoted travellers; people saved from wild beasts and other dangers too nurrerous to relate. Besides those paintings there are swords and daggers, guns, pistolB, blunderbusses, offered to Mary by banditti, robbers, brigands, who, after having been caught by human justice and executed, they begged the authority to present the Madonna with their murdering weapons as a vow to sin no more. In the sanctuary of Oropa, near Biella, there is a dagger still stained with thei blood shed by a Baron, who, in a moment of passion, killed his brother. _ The inscription runs thus—' Offerto alia Santi ssima Vergine in espiazione d'un colpo innocente." (offered to the most holy Virgin in atonement of an innocent blow). God spare me from such & harmless weapon. Tibulus tells us that in the pagan temples it was common to present to the idols a foot, a hand, an arm, or a head of coarse pottery in token of gratitude for the recovery of that part of the body from disease or accident, or, what is more probable, for their successful amputation. These ancient votive offerings ,may be seen in hundreds of the Bhops of the antiquarian dealers, v both in Rome, Naples, Florence, Athens, and \ Constantinople, as well as London and Paris. Now in Modern Italy, in Catholic Spain, in Christian France, they present to the Madonna or saints hands, legs, eyes, &c.;, &c.;, exactly as pagans did to idols, in token of their received grace, the initials P.G.R., expressing their gratitude. These hands, hearts, legs, arms, heads, eyes, or toes, are generally made with a plate of silver or gold, but the poor present their cx- voto (votive offerings) made with wax or scagliola. The manufacture of this ex-voto iB no inconsiderable branch of the trade of the silversmiths in Italy, and of the wax candle makers. I had a friend who was one of the greatest silversmiths of one of the principal cities of Italy, and in visiting the factory of this ex-voto I dared to give vent to my anti- Papal tendencies ; he looked at me with a frown, and said : " What would become of our craft should Protestants takeaway from our Italy our sanctuaries and our saints I" I feared he would deal with me as the Ephesian silversmith Demetrius dealt with Gajus and Aristarchus (see Acts six, 24-41). These votive offerings are sold by weight, generally are very thin, but if the devotee has a big heart, then they may be very heavy, for example, there is lying inside the superb crystal coffin of St. Charles Borromeo, at Milan, a baby of Bolid gold presented to him a few years ago by one of the ladies of the Imperial house of Austria in return for a living child for whom she considered herself indebted to the saint. At Padua the sanctuary sacred to St. Antonio is all covered from the roof to the pavement with pictures and ex-voto of countless miracles. While 1 was standing before the great altar examining a fine picture of the Saint, I heard a shout, and I saw a man about fifty prostrate on the pavement, calling out '' Grazia, Santo !" (they don't say Sanf Antonio ; Santo expresses more than the name) ; meanwhile he crawled forward from the door of the temple to the altar, licking the pavement with his tongue (very palatable exercise) the whole way, and leaving behind him a mark as if a huge Blug had passed that way. Are such acts of bodily exercise in any honour P Are they not superstitions acts like those of the prophets of Baal P Can we forbid to say that such worship is less abominable than the rites of the Bacchantes and of the Donajades ? Oh, blessed, eternally blessed, be the testimony of the Spirit now speaking expressly, that in the latter, times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their consciences seared with a hot iron, forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God had created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth, for every creature of God is good, and nothing is to be refused if it be received with thanksgiving, for it is sanctified by the Word of God and prayers."—1 Tim. iv. 1—8. Let these words search the conscience of each honest Roman Catholic, and judge the practices of Papal worship, doctrine, and discipline, at the light of the written Word. I have already treated Pagan and Papal funerals, and I shall close this article with a remark on bells. The sound of bells was in use with the Pagan Romans, especially when an important individual had left the earth. They attributed to them divine power, and Theocritus says, " that the bells have power to check the actions of demons and ghosts." When the clouds are darkening the sky and a hailstorm is feared to shower destruction on the fields and vineyards, the bellringers run to the belfiy and ring the bells with all their might, believing that the sound of bells have power to avert the atmospheric calamity. But oftentimes it happens that the lightning is falling on the bells, and the bellringers are fatal conductors of electricity. Pagan Rome might be excused for attributing power to bellB in checking the mischief of evil spirits, but papal Rome, especially in the times of Galvani, Volta, Beccaria, should have stopped the practice of ringing the bells when thunders roar through the atmosphere, and lightning is gathering over the poor bellringers. Scores of victims, whose names are recorded in inscriptions of convents and churches, should tell papal Rome that the prince of the powers of the air (Eph. ii. 2) cannot be controlled by blessed bells, but only by prayer and supplication to God in the name of Jesus, the only name under heaven which alone has power to cast out devils and control their malignant actions. The next article (d.v.) will be the Pagan Limbo and the Papal Purgatory. 