ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN'S PASTORAL LETTER.—V. We have been favoured »vith a copy of the following Pastoral Letter to the clergj- and laity of the Archdiocese of Sydney, by Archbishop'Vaughan, it boing tho fifth of the series ho is »vriiiug : "Roger Bede, bj' the grace of God and fho favour of tho Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney'and Metropolitan, to the clergy, seculur and regular, and tho faithful of the said Aichdiocese, " Health and Benediction in the Lord. "Reverend and dear Brethren, and dear Children in Jesus Christ. " TVe have seen how secularist education acts as a solvent of Christianity in its feebler and in its strongest foi m-in Protestant America and in Cutholio Italy ; and that, »vere it allo»ved to becomo universal, Christian civilization »vould gradually bo swept ayvay. To resist the argument of the rack, the gibbet, and tho thumb-scrow, requires heroic fortitude and supernatural nerve ; aud Christianity has re- sisted it and overcome it, and has triumphed in the issue. Now the Church has to meet the samo foo in another guise. Many of her children will bo lost in the contest ; but sho »vill still lomain. Apart from the promiso of our Lord, if is morally impossible for secularist education to take possession of the world. Error is over ephemeral, and ahvays local. Diseases, moral as »veil as physical, run their course. They startle or terrify, as the case may be, for a timo ; but the most doadlj" and widespread plague burns itself out at last, ; and mau survives and lives on as if nothing extraordinary had happened. So will it bo »vith the Catholic Church. " But though tho Church is safe, souls aro in peril. Our main anxiety is for them. They have to be saved one by one; and our duty is to our o»vu day Bnd to our own peoplo. Our duty, dearly beloi'ed, is to you. It is for us to expound to j-ou and impress upon you tho teaching of the Church ; it is'your part to be docile as children to their spiritual mother. " Not only as Christians, but as citizens, wo aro pro- foundly interested in llio education question. Wo bchovo in national education. TVe do not believe in education »vhieh is sectional. All should bo treated equally, or there will be no peace. To pamper somo children and to starve or illtreat others, is to create grief and bitterness in tho housohold, and there will be no rest till things aro changed. Let us take, as examples of »vhat »ve mean, the three great systems of education, respectively, as thoy aro at present, in America, in Victoria, and in Neyv South TValcs. By touching on some of their radical defects, we sholl gradually make our meaning clear. In the first place take Aineriem. Here, at once, "a glaring svrong pre- sents itself. " Touching on the injustico dono to Catholics by n school system, of »vhich thoj- cannot in conscience take advantage, Judge Taft, of Ohio, bays : ' This is too largo a circumstance to bo covered bj* the Latin phrase l)e munmis non curat lex. These Catholics (paying their portion of the taxes) are constrained, overj- year, on conscientious grounds, to yield to others their right to one-third of the school money, a sum averaging, at the present time, about 200,000 dollars eveiy j-ear. That is to say, these poople aro punished every year, for believing as thoy do, to tho extent of 200,000 dollars ; and to that extent those of us »vho send our children to theso excellent common schools, becomo bouoficinii-es of tho Catholic money. iVhat n shame for Protestants lo have their children educated by money robbed from Catholics I Mercantilo life is suppose'd to cul- tivate, in somo, a relish for hard bargains. But if it »vere a business matter, and not a matter of íeligious concern, could business men bo found »villing to exact such a po cuninrj' advantage as this ? I think it »vould shock tho secular conscience !' " Take, no»v, an illustration of tho truth of the Judge's remark. Tho Public school tax in Cmciu natti in 1S72 amouuted to SIO.OOO dollars. Of this sum the Catholics contributed 230,000 dollars. And »vhnt did tiley pay this for?-foi: tho education of other people's children in schools which, in consci- ence, they could not use ; and, »vliilst payilng at tho rate of 230,000 dollars a year for educating other people's children, thej' had also to paj' for the education of \their o»vn. The cathedral parish of Cinciunatti, for examplo, has to lind 3Ó00 dollars a year to meet tho current expenses of its own jj.arochial schools ; and at tho same timo it Sims to support public schools of »vhich it cannot tako udvantiigc. In 186S, the Catholics of No»v York, besides paying for tho school- ing of other people's children, subscribed 132,000 dollars for tho support of their o»vn schools : having »contributed a million anda quarter ol dollars for buildlugs .and for sites. The fact is, Catholics have found out to their cost, that Public schools do their childi en harm. " ' We can say*,' says Muller, ' that so faros oin* Catholic children aro concerned, tho »vorkings of our Public school system btivo piwtd, and do prove, highly detrimental to ! their faith and morals. So strongly has the convicta on of this been impressed upon tho minds both of tho pantois and parents, that most strenuous efforts and even enormous sacrifices have been made, and continuo to bo -made, in order to establish and support Catholic paro- chial schools. In manj' cities of the Union tlicro is, at the present moment, in dailj* attendance at those schools, an average number of between cîiïhteen I and t»venty thousand children. Tho annual oxpen-so for the maintenance of theso schools does not fall far short of one hundred thousand dollars ; »»-hilo the amount expe ndod for the purchase of lots, and the erection of proper school buildings, considprablj- exceeds a million.' " This American sj-stem may last for a time, but it can- not last for ever. It is not national, nor is it just ; and *.tho time will como when tho nation »vill reject it. " Now tako Victoria, »vith its sj'stem of thorough secu- larist education. T»vo vital energies will ne»'er suffer thiâ system to remain in peace. Underneath, ns it »»-ero, the Catholic Church and the Church of England are ever at »vork, agitating andi threatening, and expressing a deep and burn- ing sense of religious wrong. Dr. Moorhouse, the Anglican bishop, has depicted both the Catholic and the Protestant feeling accurately and strongly. Regarding Catholics he says ' 'They urge-" We aie a'fourth of your community ; you take from us by force of law a fourth part of tho education grant for the ypar, and thon »»-ith that money »vhich you ha»*e taken from us you build and maintain schools to »vhich »ve cannot send our children »»ithout fears for their salvation. If you »vill not listen to us »ve »nil give you no rest. We »rill movo Ileavou and earth to get rid of so crying an injustico. We »vill help any party-, and take advantage of anj' political trouble »vhich "can be made in- strumental to our purpose, till »ve hove compellcxl you to treat us as Christian freemen, and not as political skives." That is the relation of the Roman Catholic to this layv, as felt and 6tated by himself.' " The Anglic m Church is no less restless than the Catholic. TÍe Victorian Public schools reject the Bible, »vhioh is tho Protestant guide to Heaven, as »veil as the authority of the Catholic Church. Both churches are struck in a vital part, and both equally recoil from such cruelty and injustice. Dr. Moorhouse admirably expresses the Protestant position yvhen he says : " ' What church authority is to the Roman Catholic the Bible is to us. It is the text-book of our morality, it is tho basis of our teaching, it is the charter of our dearest hopes. I So long, thon, as you banish tho Bible from j-our schools, ' »ve belie\\-o that you are failing iu your dutj'; that j'ou are not fulfilling the condition on »vhich J'our right of inter | -ference is based ; that you aro not raising up »'irtuous | citizens, but that, on tho contrary, bj' »vithdra»ving all the I higher motives from the minds of oui* children, j'ou are I most surely, however unintentionally, preparing for us a future of »-ice, confusion, and disaster. Takeaway the Roman Catholics, and »ve Protestants represent morethan nine-tenths of-your remaining subjects, and we demand that you sholl not take our uionej'from us bj'Act of Parlia- ment" to injure tho character of our children. Give us the Bible in our' schools, taught undeuoniinationally bj* the schoolmaster, as it is at home, and in Holland, and I think we could cheerfully support the la»v.' " Does any' serious stateman imagine that this system which strikes at and even menaces the existence of'tyvo l such poyverful bodies as the Church of England and the 1 Catholic Church, and which has many enemies besides, will abide, and win its »vay in general estimation ? Its I doom is sealed. It is constructed on a radical!}' svrong I principle ; it cuts across the religious grain of large con- scientious sections of tho people, and eventually they will prove the stronger, and they will obtain their obvious I ¡rights. " Turn to No»v South Wales. Take our school system. Ho»v do tho two Churches look upon it? Does it tliwart .them in their legitimate aspirations, or do them evenhanded justice ? " The sense of the Synod of the Church of England is contained in the following »vords, »vhich form the first part of its first resolution, thirty clergymen being in favour of it, and only seven against it. It runs thus-' This Synod expresses its satisfaction »v'th tho utterance of the President on the subject of primary education in Church schools, and trusts that the members of the Church »vill support him in giving practical effect thereto.' " Now »vh.at »vas the. utterance of the President ? His lordship expressed his mind with great distinctness by 1 drniving a comparison between Publio schools and Church of England schools. Ile said : ' I have ahvays regarded, I und do still regard, religious education in our Church of England schools as of tho greatest »*alue to*the child and to the State. The defects of the Publio school system may, to ii certain extent, bo met and supplied by such ' voluntary efforts as »vo aro preparing to make in this diocese ¡but the absence of prayer, tho exclusion of the Scriptures as a book to bo read and es plained by tho teacher, | and the entire separation of the religious from the secular instruction, are veiw grave omissions, lu a »veil-conducted Church of England school the pioccedings commente »nth a j hvmn and pra»er, the Bible is the first book reid lehpious i instruction is ,ri»en by the teacher 01 the cleigymau »»hose influence is on tho side of oidei reveienco and sub- mission to aulhoiit» Ihe relnlne duties aro enfoiced upon tho basis of the foal ot God, mid the lo»e of Chust There are manv such schools in this diocese llicro are man) peisons m this counti» »»ho owe all their hopes of IIea»on, as »»eil is then »»eil b"ing m life to tho piuiciples inculcated by the clergy in Church ot England schools Can it bo a matter of »vonelei ti at »ve shoull be umnlling to I oxchanae those sommaiips ol sound and religious kuo»\lodge for pia» tries«, scnrtuielcss seculai schools*1 I shall no» ei cease to oppo e tho abandonment of our o»vn Church of England school s and shall ilwaj« logurd such au act is a misfortune »»hero me»Hable, mid cxtnmolj mischte» ens at thopic nt juncture Educa- tion, to desei » e the name should bo of tho »\ hole mun body, soul, and spmt And as I belie» e that v. o of the Chuicb of England m tins colons/ no in n position to train up good citizens, intelligent Christians, and attached membeis of oui our communion by means of our own .schools, I feel bound bv esery tia of patriotism, Christianity, and ohurchmanslup, to maintain theso schools in existence and increased etiicicncj ' Ponder no»v upon the abo»o solemn »»olds Duvwoul mvourown intel- ligences the pictuio they lepicsont of the t»»o systems of education and you »nil then understand ho»» 1 cen is the feeling of fciious order-lo»mg men »nth acaid to pia»oi less, sciiptinelc-s, secular schools and how decpl» thev prizo that education »»Inch deals »»ith the »»holo mau, and yyhich alone is »vortbj of tile name of education I " No strougei yvords ha» e j et been uttered in support of Denominational education than these »voidsi of tho Presi dent-»»ords »»nth »vhich tho Synod cxpiessed its formal satisfaction-'I feel bmnd bj even tie eyf patriotism,. Ohnstiamtj, and ohurchmanslup, to maintain theso schools m existence and mci cased pflicicucy ' I 11 religion m this colon» y» ere confined lo tual pio fessed by the Church ol Lnglnnd, thoio wouild bo little difficult» in providing Public schools »nth all fho lequiie ments »»Inch »\ould satisfj the leaders of that Church . But such is not the case Catholics object to the Pro- testant Bible, whether mutilated or not Secularists object to both prayer and religious instruction in Public schools; Jews do not believe in Christ's Divinity or in the inspiration of the New Testament; Unitarians deny the personality of tho Holy Ghost; Rationalists tho inspira- tion of both Testaments, and Nothingarians the existence of Almighty God With such glaring fundamental contra- dictions, one section of the community cannot legislate for the other as to what relugion should be taught nu Public schools In fact, »vhcro thoio mo many creeds, the atti mot to find such a modicum of i clifion as y\ ill pie iso all creeds, hrs al»»ays failed and »nil always fail 'Wkatwc tall "the religious difficult», " says I lasei, ' pmeigcs »»heie tho population is divided bet»» ecu Catholics and Piotcstauts and Avhero the childi cn in tho Rchools ai o mixed in a snnilai »» i \ In such cases, as »»ehave found almost o\en\iheic else, religious instruction goes to the »»all lho susceptibilities both of parents aud of sects on this point aie so 1 een that to avoid offences that branch of tho teaching is nbandoncd altogether Mixed schools »nth lehgious instruction o u pjing a definite placo in their progi unme mo phenomena hnrdlj to bo met y»ith on the Amincan continent No coi i promise and no conmiebcnsion ha\o yet boen disco»ned sufhcientl» skilful to appenso, 01 sufhciputlj fob rant to em braco the mutual jealousies of Christian communities It »»tis so in tho United States, it »»as so though less p-o mincntly, m Upper Canada it is so though in still smaller proportions, hore It lool s almost hi o a law of human naturo that it shall be so e» or» v, hero ' " Lord Shaftesbury brought out tho rationale of this voiy "orcibly »vhen ho said 'ho yiould imaeino a eise which might easily occtu Ile »»ould imagino three children sitting sida by side, ono a niombei ot the Chinch of England, anothoi n child of Socinmn paicnts, the thud a child bom of Joiviph paicnts 1 pt thoso threo children read togethei in school, dunmr the time of gcnehil in stiuCaon, somo pirticular portipn of ti o Bible, suppose tho fifty thud chapter of Lulah I el those childi en bp taken n\»aj immediate!» aftei foi thopuipoool sptpul instruction, each from his own mmistei What »»mil« te the effect on tho minds of those tinco children f lho child oi tho Church of Ing'tud »»ould le ira thI great neceseaij and sa» in" ti nth in «Inch nine tenfhsjof the community atrree lho Sodium child »»auld be taught that »»hut tho Church of 1 nEland child bebo»ed »»tis most gi oss cn oi, aud flin tho Pel on to »»bom tho piopkbc» ic ferrcd»»its, in fa t no bettei than a moro man And the Joy» ish child »» ould bo taught to bell » o that flu! »\ hole thing from fiisttolast »»is m absoli te imposition It »»as impooSiblo that theso children could think an-ç belief established or coi tain lho i suit »»ould bo utpeisal scepticism, or a univei al bchcr that th"re »ins I'othmg neciss-trj -nothing certain ' j Suppose, instead of theso tbico children being j tal cn away ' lot special îeligious m"ruiction, llu.t they »uro con- ducted into three separate c'ass io mis undei tilt same loot and taught three opposito doe tnn°s nn a i iniliíiiontil point of Christianity »»ould thev not immediate!» nJiei compaio notes-nndd a»» thou o»\n ino» ¡table conclusions Would not tho e»"l lefcned to by Loiel 'shütesbuij bo intensified, aud would not tho seeds of scepticism bo soy» n r "But it may bo s¡ud tint this method of education if it »veaken faith »» ill do a« tj »i ith bittci ness in 1 'sat in m animosity ' Wo belie»o this method »»ill indefinitely in- cienso such on o»il And o - opinion is coufumi!'bj i solemn and foimnl utterance of tho <lu"y oi UioADglic.au Church In then ' Memorandum ' published 1 y our le d ing ne\»spapoi, Octobei 11, 1SG0, »\o find the following »»eighty deelnation upon this not important sub- ject It is alleged,' thej si», 'that tho bill io cognises the necessity of ietiTioiis msti action, a à secures ampio scope for it But »titilo »co itccij the admission of tno necessity ot ioli_iotis in stiuchon, y»e are flimly persuaded that tho proposed ai rangement foi its being imp irtod »» ill bo lound inipnc ticablo , and if attempted »nil pio»c lu moioprcducliip of sectarian jealousy aud animosity than tho systen tinclei a»Inch oin schools nie at present cüidiicted' »lilliim M Co»»por, William Stack Ll»»ud Rogers A II Stephen, Ii S King, thomas Hudeii, thomas Smith, Peic» J Smith, E M Saliuierc A\ J Gtuithei,G II Moreton, Thomas 0 Reill» G T id 1 " lhere is no doubt that m piopoition as mdifferenfisi i and infidolitj incieaso in that »et / sime piopoidon Chtis tian chantj »nil diminish j foi nono aie so bitter oi so tyrannical ns men who no fie fioni thoso restraints on auger and ill »nil »vhich aro the absoluto creition of tho Clnistian dispensation Indeed, those tint eon anglican cloigjmon, m then memorandum, _i»e exmesbion fo their profotend objection to the present s» tem m (ho feilloyvmg »vords - We dosne, ' thej biy,' to hayo a suili cicnt guarantee that the charactei and pi maples of the teacheis m our schools nie such a>-»»o can appane and ha» o confidence in, that the schools in »vhich tho children of oui ppoplo mo t night should ha»o tho benefit of oui infill enec, our aid, and our supervision ' 'We are at a loss ' they say with admirable boldness, ' to imagine on what principle it is assumed that the State has a mission to educate the children of the people in reading, writing and arithmetic, and the like, and there to stop short refusing to aid in imparting to the youthful mind those principles of Christianity which are tho foundation of public morality and conduce most of all to peace, righteousness, good order, and good government ' " But apart from this, to attempt the impracticable m ' prayerless, scriptureless, secular schools,' with the convic tion that such an attempt will issue in far more sectarian jealousy and animosity than ever, is more than discouraging -it is absolutely disheartening Such a position as is im- plied bj this is is unbearable as it is uuteuable and \»o may saybioadlj, »nlhout much fear of contradiction tint, as a body, the Church of England in New 'south As nies is ill at ease, and must be so undci tho present condition of affairs The Catholic Church has spoken oift loo cleulj and emphaticallj to bo misunderstood Ihus tho t»io Churches would hail a change for tho b"ttei »nth dc'ight Added to theso »10 ha»e that vigorous party which advocates secular, compulsory, and free education, as opposed to tho present systeni Smrely at least 75 per cent of the nation is dissatisfied »nth things as they are ° "Now, how can that be called a National system of education which goes against the grain of the majority of the nation? It is lather a sectional system »»Inch the nation has adopted foi the time Whnt is not based upon eyenhanded justico is based iponumest What is not in pquihbiium »nil not maintain its abuoi mai position long Statesmen »»bo build their îeputation upon a scheme »vhich is not perfecllj' equitable all lound, especially in maftois touching on such a »ital question as lehgion, are building then reputation upon the sand Justice alono endures, and like water, »»ill fiudtho le»el of peiiect equity and equality lhere aie t»»o po»verful dundie in the laud y ou cannot lenore thom and legislate as if thoj did no1 exist You h 1» 0 a strong partj m fay our of Public pchools as thej ne, let that partj hay 0 such schools, j ou ha» e others »vho »vish loi absolute secularism, let then conscience be lespeetcd Why not exohangc our present uano»» and sectional s» stem for a national one, and take into account, and not ignoie, the great po»veis that j ou aro bpund to deal »nth, und ti eat all equally and ahko ? A national s»stem is that »»Inch fits in willi the main thai act« isties of the nation, it does not consist in beating all differences flat »»ith tho giound but in respecting essential diflorences, and in legislating for them TVheio the Catholic and the Protestant, the Je»v and the Secularist, feel that thej can educate their children imder the full influence of their îcspectiy e cieeds, »vhero they feel that no one amongst them ismoio faiouied in any îespect than tho othei , »there each lecenes eqial help, after pajing equal taxes, and all the childi en are grounded at school in tho teachings of their rathers, where the m un masses of the community uro hence at peaco icgardmg the education question- there ib to bo found, without dispute, a national system of education. In Amencu, in T letona, and in îse»» South Tsales, the system is sectional, not national Theie is no equality One portion of tlip nation is keeping the othei do»vn Here the sjsteni is sectional in the extreme Itistheyory io\erso of national N$r can it lemain as it is lime must chango tf Justice »\ jil find her place Ihon the secularist and the Nonconformist »nil ha» e bo reason to complain, unless thoy »vish to force ¿heir j oko on the necks of others The Catholic »» ill not bo jealous ot the Anglican nor the Jew of eithei-all »»ill fcsl that whilst they aro bringing up their cluldteu in schools filled with tho spirit of their especial creed they aro, at (ho same time, equally assisted bj 1he State for secular insti ucùon, as tasted bj Goyernment inspectors Ihus both science and religion »vill prosper A sim »\ ill be cast on neither One mau »vill not un»\ea»e what anothei man has »»eoyed under tho same îoof and children »nil gro»» up »vith some ro~ ' spect for a religion and morality »»hieh thej foimd fiom their Piulv infancy, so tendeily guarded Our present Public schools' »»ould fhus no longer bo as they aie noy» practically, the schools of a section of the com- munity, paid for by tho nation thoj »»ould take their place in the ranis »nth olheis and bo treated cxactl» as the rest This »tould not bo teturmug to Denomination j ahum, but it »»ould bo equalizing it To all intents and ' purposes Publie schools aie stntth Denominational schooLs Certain sections belie» e in them, aud uso them tho rest do not belie»o in thom and will nit use them if they con help it, though thoy haye to pnj for thom To call a school ' public ' does not mako it a public school A thmD can be called by any name A public school is that to which the nation can m good conscience, send its children irrospo ti» o of rretd A\ ith oin Public schools this is _.ot the e tse Theieforc they aie not public schools, I but pny ate school», or schools of i section paid for bj fho public I et fho pul lie paj n it fur the schocls of one see tion but for the behool« ot all octions act 01 ding to secula~ icsult-* 1 ben education »vould be national and each section ot »»hich the nation is to uposed »»ould recoiye, m mat et s of education and îeligion exactly the »ame treatment as the other Thus tho yeuious poweis in the body politic »»ould add stiengfh to tho »»bolo In place of a principio of wrench and dislocation, as »»c Iipvo at present, we should rojoico in u pnnciple of unity and in a bond of brotherhood, »»huh »\ould icndor the nation strong and happy, because contonttd and lho ceaseless cn foi justice and equality »»ould gue »vay to mutual congratulations Wo could no1 míneme any fumo moio to lo em led than that of legislatois »»ho, , seeing lho piesonf condition ot allans should apply then experience mid thou genius to leincd» it, aud »»ho, anning at o\ en-handed justice should deal it out »nth a I strong and lo»mg hand equally to all tho people of the land Such men »vould lea»e lasting names foi their names »»ould le inextricably inter voycu ynth that of justice, yvhichis niiperishiblo line, the lindon, by its icpiosentatiyes has foi fho I moment adopted tho jue ont system but as» stem is not I iipcesstidy national brciuso the nation has adopted it I otherwise oyen the most «petarían system, proyidcdono nation had adopted it, yyoulel bo equally national »»ith ono eminently the ie»ci o, »vhich had been adopted by anothei nation îso, national mo ms ombi icing fan ly and cqmtablj all the uuits of wluch the nation is composed, and puniblung none, milking 'political simes' of none, on I account of then coi sientiousicligious pi maples ' Things may be »»oiso bofoio fhoj aie better but the day »nil cone »»bon justice and fan play »nil tnuinph ia tins land »»hen Oioat bodies of Clnistinns, »»ho now seem half asleep, »vill beslti thoms l»cs and »»lieu the nation »vill îeject this »notched Soptionihsm and gi»e happiness and peaco toe\ei» honest man b» adopting m its place a genuino Rjstcm of National Lducation ' AIean»»lnlc, 'If ífbopossiblo as much u" is in you, ha»o j pico with all men "Sot io»enging y oui solves, but »i»c place unto »nulli tor it is »»litten lio\ongo fo mo I »nil îepa» «nth the Loid But if thy enemy be hungry, gi»o him to cat if he thirst giyohun to diink Foi doing this thou shalt hpip conlsof fiio upon his head Bo not o»oi-onie by evil, but oieieomo ox ii by pood ' " Gi»en at S»dney, and appointed to be lead in nllChuichos ant1 Clia* els of the Vichdiocoso of Syduej, on Sunday, Octoboi 12, 1870 "fRoger Benn, " Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan." 