DAIRYING AT EGERTON by our agricultural reporter. Conclusion. -. " Don't put all your. eggs in one basket" is the advice which Mr, Wilson, whoso butter- preservingprocesswasdescribedintheiastpaper, gives to dairy farmers as welt as those engaged in cultivation ; and acting upon this principle he converts a portionof the milk produced by his herd into cheese. Before the system of preserving fresh butter all the year round was perfected a deal of' cheese was made, but since a good average price can be obtained for butter through boing able to keep it for a favorable market, only , about half pf . the produce of the dairy is sent. to the cheese .tub. . , .The rule here, as in many of the dairies throughout the dis trict, was; to begin cheese ' making whenever the price of butterieaine below lsf per lb., but now that fiesh butter eaix he put away iii times of low prices and .bropght out as markets im prove,, this,' rule in the case of Spring Bank Farm has been departed from. There are two or three reasons for continuing cheese making, although at first sight it might appear more profitable to give attention entirely to butter. It is thought well to. divide the risk and be prepared to gain any advantage which might accrue from a favorable cheese market, or to avoid losing by the contingency of a long con tinued low rate of butter prices. It lias also been pointed out that no attempt is made to preserve any hut thoroughly good butter, made nnder proper conditions as to the temperature, and consequently in hot weather it is of ad vantage to liavo tho cheese making process in operation in order to utilise the whole produce of the dairy to the best advantage. The con tinuous labor too of cheese making, even when R is paying well, is very severe, requiring an equal amount of attention every day of the ffeek, and here again the butter preserving system comes to the farmer's aid in allowing of a break in the labor by Betting for cream the milk of Sundays, or one or two other days, If necessary. The factory system of cheese making, in a Modified form, iB adopted upon this farm. An oblong galvanised iron cheese tub is used, and factory methods of dispensing with curd mills o»d of quick pressing are followed, but the appliances are not yet. so .complete as to reduce the, labor required to a minimum. The cheese tub is not provided with double bottom and ides to allow, of the heating of. the milk by ipoana of hot water or Bteara, and consequently the. laborious process of heating by means of Warmed . whey has to bo had recourse to, and e whole district, in which there are many cheese dairies, is in the same condition. There M great difficulty in getting tho leading fc&turo; o the factory system applied to ordinary -sized airiesj but it has been successfully accom plished by Mr. Woodman, of Western Port, hose cheese plant was fully described in The header a little more than a year ago. ' This plant, the essential article- of which is WoOd-- man and Anderson's patent che'eSe tub,' ' ust meets the requirements of the ordinary" dairy,1 and could be introduced- to the district 'under ' notice with great advantage. : ' ' "I go according to The Leader: I'learned'alT my cheese making from The Leader, 'arid itowT strictly follow its report of the system 'adopted' in the Lancefield factory." Such wOs the reply of Mrs. M'Pherson, one of Mr; Wilson's neighbors, when, oh my recent visit; I -inquired about how she had attained such 'success aa a. cheese maker. It was the fact' of . Mrs. M'Pherson being a prize taker for cheese at- the Ballaratshow that caused me to call, and I: was - somewhat surprised to find that such perfection- had been attained by attending to written directions ; for in giving the details' of cheese; making it has generally been pointed out that the skill and experience of the: operator was necessary at certain .stages of o the" /process! Here, then, is encouragement for beginners, and a good lesson to many who have been for years mating inferior cheese. Much may be gained in dairying, as iu other tiling, by read ing of what is being done by others. Heating by means of whey is adopted also in this, case, a process by which the highest perfection can be attained, but which involves a. deal of labor. Agricultural societies, by offering liberal prizes for a good clieese-making plant, or say cheese tub, might do much tto bring under the notice of dairymen appliances of the labor-saving kind I have already referred to. Tho prizea annually offered for cheese vats. ; and dairy utensils give rise to scarcely any. "perceptible improvement, but a substantial award; for the best cheese tub for heating the milk by means of hot water or steani would have the effect: of turning . inventive skill into a channel where, much requires to be. done., ... - It is a fact too often ' forgotten that the. cow repays any attention she receives 'iri the'shapb of food or shelter. The extraordinary 'yields said to be obtained from<some .co\ys .are, booked upon-; as incredible by those' jvlio. areVunac-., , quainted with "the principles1 of feeding,, buta knowledge of. the degree in .which the cow be nefits by good treatment would suffice, to con vince any one of tlie possibility of multiplying Bthe yield of milk and cream. , 1 ft is. not .claimed, however, that a high system of feeding is carried on .on .Mr. Wilson's. 'farm, but some regard is paid to keeping up the supply of 'food, and a good, return is obtained for uie outlay involved. The climate is very cold, the district : being higher above the sea; level than BaUarat; and in winter there is a'-heavy rainfall- with; severe winds. A large shed is provided; which: covers the bails, as .well as the house for. keeping.a supply of fodder, and ' at night a good numbc r of the cattle can take shelter, but it is felt that. more slied accommodation would be an advantage. Much is gained in the way of shelter from tlie undulating character of the pastures. A series of desp gullies run through nearly every paddock, so that these together with the trees which stud the farm in all directions have the effect of protecting the stock from the severity, of the' winds; ; As shelter in a cold climate is of. almost equal-im portance "with food, Mr. Wilson places. great .value upon this natural advantage of his pas tures as well as the shed accommodation wMch he has been able to provide,, and extending the size of the cow sheds so as to shelter .the whole of the milkers is one of the works of improvement which he intends to carry out. Feeding no less than shelter is attended to. As there are generally from 50 to 70 acres under cultivation, chiefly devoted to oat grow ing, there is a considerable quantity, of straw ' available for the cattle, and this is found to be of great service in winter, when the growth of grass is very slow, or at the end of summer, when the pastures are dried up. A long shed runs along in front of the hails, and in this place the chaff cut up from the straw is kept and used as required, a horse-power chaff- ' cutter being employed. In close proximity to tlie slied is. a built-in boiler used in steaming . the cliaff before giving it to the cows, the pro- .cess being carried out . simply by pouring hot water over a large boxfull of fodder, covering it over with bags, and letting it 'stand, for a. time. . A great deal of advantage is believed to be derived from the steaming of the food, , and not only chaff but other fodder is treated: in the same way; . Greenstuff of oats, barley, and maize,' as well as potatoes, aire given to the cows frequently, cut up and mixed with the straw chaff, and the milkers generally receive two feeds per day. In spring from' 30 to 40 cows are milked and in winter the number is from 20 to 25. It is calculated that, taking tho whole milking yield, an average of about 10 lb. of cbeese or 5 lb. of butter per week is obtained, a gallon of milk making about 1 lb. of cheese or j, lb. of butter, and tho result, taking into account the second-rate quality of the land, speaks well for the attention the herd receives in tho shape of shelter and feeding. Herefords do not generally receive a good name as milkers, but Mr. Wilson's herd contains a strong Btrain of this breed, and he finds them to answer well. The explanation seems to be that there are certain strains of Herefords good for dairying, and that in chposing a herd for their milking qualities representatives of these branches of tho family have been obtained. The fodder plots are contained in two ten- acro paddocks near the house. These paddocks are cropped upon a rotation system, and one of them is devoted every year to growing green food for the dairy cows. Oats and barley for hay and. green stuff one year is followed on the next by potatoes, maize and peas. As the land is poor, pretty heavy manuring with farm yard and artificial fertilisers has to bo resorted to, and very heavy yields are obtained by this means. Potato.es are washed, aud given to the cows along with eluiff as being in .general more profitable than carting them to markot for 1 low prices. Maize as ft grqen fodder is ' found to.bo very useful, and can in this district be sown in October or . November, and can be cut in January and againjn March or April, so that iti comes in when other green food goes out, and lasts uutil other groan crops can be got to (prow after tho autumn rains. 1'roirio grass would no doubt be a valuable addition to these fodders, and imphco or "farmer's friend, " a small kind of sugar cnuo recommended in our articles' upon Agriculture in Now. SouthWhlcs, might bo used by dairymen here vitii as'raucli advantage as it is by the' butter makers ' of IWollongong. - S Manuring has to be attended to by alb who attempt cultivation in this district. .The soft Consisting of only a few inches of dark grey' loam upon a cold clay subsoil, two good crops!- can be obtained, but no more without the as sistance of manure. Oat crops of 30 and 40 bushels can be obtained, but the soil seems \ih- suited for wheat. The custom generally fol lowed in the district is to take off two grain crops and afterwards depend upon the aBsist- anco of manure. Mr. Wilson utilises most of the farmyard manure upon his fodder pad docks, and treats the oat crops with bone dust or -guano. The artificial pastures, too, are treated with a top dressing of farmyard ma nure with great advantage, but the grasses do not last long, the land requiring to be broken up and resown 'every three years. Artificial \- manures, such' as bone dust and guano, cost upon the farm about £7 10s. per ton, and it is . found profitable to put 2 cwt. per acre on the laiid for every crop aifter the second. The' question of whether manuring with- artificial -fertilisers will pay is quite . settled in the dia- . triot, and upon the form under notice no crop ;at all is looked for if 14s. worth of manure ;pei' acre is not put upon the land. " If you see Air. Grant," said a farmer's wife in the southern part of the .district, " tell him we'll never forget him for giving us our homes. It was Mr. Grant that gave us all hereabouts the land." It appears that in this direction, between the eastern and western branches of the Moorabool and near Wallace's homo sta tion, the land was taken up in 80 acre blocks under Grant's land act of 1865, while the nor thern part of the district nearer Mount Eger- ton remained locked up until after the pass ing of the act of 18C9. Mr. Wilson was the pioneer of the 69 men in the district, and it ; \v6k not until lie had spent much mousy and 18 months of valuable time that he succeeded in getting tlie land thrown open. " After travelling all the . wAy to Melbourne on one oecasion," this gen tleman remarked, " to urge my case, I got an interview with Mr. M'Kean, the laud minister, ' but he deliberately began to tell me of a ghost : he had seen in Ireland." However, the same Minister I think threw open the blocks, but a. blunder was made by the land board in deal ing with the cases. Instead of giving the selectors 320 acres each, they gave 'them smaller holdings, and they could not live, tlie . result being thai'many" of them had to sell but1 . to their neighbors and leave the district, ' ; A1 .portionof the land was also selected in 20 acre- blocks under the "49th section of the act, and a great hardship" is now experienced by the hold ers of these blocks in not being able to obtain a proper title. A selector under this section cannot transfer his land to another selector under the same section. ' Now, holders of such block's are the persons who could afford to give the best price for adjoining allotments, because while 20 acres are' not sufficient to keep a family, three or four times that number would be workable- so that in preventing transfers' to Ueighboring,49th clause selectors the only pert sons who would buy. the blocks are prevented from doing so. The mining interest is under stood to be sufficiently protected by the provi sions of the 19th section, and the 49th selectors only asked to be put upon an equal footing with the 19th, a claim which the Government should lose no time in granting. 