NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—D’Arcy Read’s Ghost at the Academy of Music; meeting of Bevevolent Asylum Committee. We are again compelled to hold over several letters. We regret to announce the death of an old Ballarat resident, Mr Robert Menzies,. of the late firm of Pawsey, Menzies, and Cos., iron, merchants, and after wards connected with the Union Foundry,, - A short time sincO' Mr- Menzies. began to suffer severely from internal disease, brought on by inflammation, and though he rallied occasionally ha gradually got worse till he died on Saturday'night at half-past 9 o’clock. The funeral will take place to-day. We are sorry to learn that Mrs H. D. Cane, wife of the well-known maltster at Wendouree died on Satur day, after suffering for some time from fever. : The deceased lady waa under the medical care of Dr .Hudson,- who held out .very little hope of her recovery for several days previous to her death. Mails for Auckland, Honolulu, San Francisco, and London will be made up at the Ballarat. Post-office on Tuesday, 28th , January, for despatch to Sydney. The time appointed for closing is, for letters, packets, and newspapers, 5 a.m. Letters, &c.;, via the United Kingdom for the Continent of Europe will not.be forwarded by this route unless fully pre-paid and specially addressed “ Fto. California.” . Mails per a.s. Kent will be- despatched from the Ballarat Post- office, for , the United Kingdom, Con [ tment of Europe, and places via the United -Kingdom on Thursday, §Oth January, ,vThe time^appointed for closing fa, for letters, packets, ananevTd 6 p.m. Correspondence will not be formrsJ^ . specially addressed “ Per Kent.’* | The desirability o£ forming a corn exch I Ballarat was affirmed at a meeting of millers4l and farmers, held at the George hotel on o attc b, and % committee, has been appointed to ,y tttl V report embodying something like an idea of ra V P ' 1 i intended to. be accomplished. At Saturdays .' the different interests in connection with t?***®! trade were very fairly represented, and a rathe case in support of the proposed exchange out. Mr Laby and Mr Fry gave valuable infonJ 0 ? 4 collected during, their recent travels on the oth • of the.world, and contended that Ballarat » er ®4 way behind the age in the manner in which creasing corn;,trade was conducted. It w 0" that a'closer relationship should exist betwe producer and the buyer, that something lit. , en ,’k prices should be mutually agreed upon" l that ' fuller information with respect to th ’ market than is now obtainable should be nated amongst those interested. The farmers D r with one solitary exception, were quite with th 8 ' moters in advocating the establishment of j I ts, change., The produce agents were not well ? a ' sented, and one or two persons present W?* opinions that there was some desire on the part f ? promoters to cut down the business of the resident the Hay- market. However, this opinion batted, it being very clearly shown that as a m!? of fact the agents would form a very important > 9 of the exchange, and that they would, nature of circumstances, derive as much benefit f the exchange as other people. ttta A meeting of millers and others interested in 0 grain trade will be held at Brophy’s hotel atlo’cU this afternoon, for the purpose of choosing a decT tion to wait upon the Minister of Railways in rence to the proposed freight charges^ We understand that the Hon. Major Smith, *],„ ■ not in the best of health, intends seeking a chanee *! air at Loutitt Bay during the ensuing fortnight. 5 1 A quantity of nightaoil from Ballarat having V, lately deposited in a field near the Creswick road wb it caused a great nuisance, the Ballaratshire Court in whose territory the land happened to be bam? summons on Saturday against the persons ’who y offended by placing the nightaoil in its position. We are informed that large quantities of meU used as ballast on the railway between Meredith y Lethbridge are being taken up and used at the Q {e . long station. Perhaps this is the first step towarf, removing one of the lines of rail between Ballarat an! Geelong. ; We have received a pamphlet entitled “ Lome Seaside Sketch,” by “ W. L.” (Ballarat), being a ven readable description of the sights to be seen, y things to be endured, at Lome, erstwhile Loutitt Bar ■Mr James Curtis is the publisher. , '' The ' Minister -of Education has adopted the H lowing report of the Cox Board" of Enquiry:— l majority of the board find that the charges against Mr Cox are not sustained by the evidence, the grava charges being entirely disproved; but inasmuch as he appears to. have given way to temper, although pro. bably under strong provocation, they consider hia deserving of mild- censure. ■; 2. That on the 27th Sep tember last Mr and Mrs Streeter were guilty of gres 'insubordination/calculated to the entire aubversica of school discipline,, and tending to the demorafe. tion of the school, and that, therefore, they are fo serving of severe censure.” We have received the half- yearly report of th* Ballarat Woollen Company, -whose meeting will U held in the Alfred-hall on Tuesday evening, aid from , it ; we learn with pleasure that the cloud of trouble which has so' long enveloped the coc pany-is now- clearing away, and that the shan holders may now soon look forward to the tin; (not far distant) when they shall regularly receive dividends. Manufactured goods have been sold to lb extent of £10,066 2s 4d during the past six month, and the profit for that time has reached the reaped able sum of £1702 12s 9J, or at the rate of about £3400 per annum. , We were shown on Saturday a splendid sample ol oats grown on the farm of Mr George Fitzgerald, at Balkimore, thirty miles beyond Sheppartou. The straw was.about 5 feet long and the heads were boll large -and- full,' the crop being expected to yield between 40 and 50 bushels to the acre. The graced on which these fine oats were grown is of a sand; nature, and the present crop was the first ever pot fa, only about two acres having been sawn. The grass in Bussell Square caught fire on Sunday afternoon, and the fact having been made known at th Ballarat Fire Brigade station, what appears to ban been a quite unnecessary alarm was given by both tb bells in the Town and City. Firemen rushed forth to view the conflagration, and when those from the East arrived.- at . Russell Square the fire bad been beaten out. The cause of the fire we have not ascer tained, but- perhaps it is the first fruits of the Ton Council allowing the public to have free access to th: reserve at any time'. On the way to the fire the City hose- break met with an accident, one of the spola being smashed. The following notice appears in Friday’s Gt nfi! prohibiting the cutting of timber on the underaei tioned Crown, lands:—Wombat or Bullarook State Forest;—County of Bourke, parish unnamed, sitnite In the Wombat or Bullarook State forest: Commend:} at the south-west angle of the special area licensed fa Crowley and Fitzpatrick (for exclusive right to cut timber); thence west by a line to the Werribee Rivet; thence northerly by that river to its most weslaa source in the Main Dividing Range; thence easterly by that range to a point in line with the west boun dary of the aforesaid area; and thence south by a Her and that area to the point of commencement. \- Mr C., Abbott exhibited in the office window of St T. Stoddart, at. the Corner, on Saturday, a vet; cleverly- executed sketch of certain personages con nected with the United -Hand and Band Compaq and National Bank affair. The likenesses are very happily caught by the artist. The playing off for the first event for Mr Dornsr prize, a gold medal, took place last Saturday on the Ballarat Bowling Green. On the sans day the drawing for the second event ■ place, which has to be played off on or before Thun-1 day next. The following members were dran j against each other:—H. Davies agst H. 0. Bennett, Lovitt agst Valentine, Preshaw agst Jack, Osborn j agst Bell, Logan agst Goldsworthy, Eyres agst Spiw. j Bade agst M’lntyre, Sim agst Fishwick, Xormanl , agst Finlayson, Fincham agst Qreenhill. j The finish of-the 48 hours’ walking match between j Edwards and Abley drew a very large number a | persons together in the Alfred-hall on Saturday ngl- | The beat of Saturday told severely upon each on, | and the greatest attention at. the bauds of lb® | friends'was necessary in the shape of diet, toilet, ij- 1 It was evident during the afternoon that Edsaw ] would prove too much for his plucky opponent,i suffered during his last fifty miles intense agony iron ; blistered feet. Each man took a good deal of in* 1 during the last twelve hours of the terribly long't® l j and it was clearly seen that the feat bad been beld 1 j little too cheaply by the pedestrians. For the hstfc* ■ hours Abley walked perfectly lame, but exhibited v® j derful pluck, every now and then patting on a raws i spurt. Edwards was much exhausted, having I°=; j j voice before time was called. The finish was a pan® s sight, although each man expended wonderful eusKJ ; until the last moment, when, amidst uproarious if- j plaiise, time was called at 10 o’clock, and the 1 \ graph showed Edwards (the winner) 157i | 3 laps, and ‘ Abley 1531 miles and 3 “P* | • subscription was got up for Abley during the ereofe j and over £9, including a donation of £2 ‘ r0 _ m . s opponent, was realised. The money was hauoe I Abley at the conclusion of the match, and ® j •modest speech' he thanked those present tor kindness, and expressed a hope to meet j again at some future time. Edwards, who cau ' j speak, thanked those present, through Mr J. 1. j for his reception, and requested his spokeami j state that Abley was the toughest as well « • 1 honest opponent he had met. The arrange E made by Mr-Harry Santly, the agent, were ver 7- s factory, both to tha public and the c°®P e .. 1 indeed, Mr Santly has been most successful m E somewhat difficult arrangements since his pnncip , j Edwards, has been amongst us, and it * 3 60 ® e ,|ji I to say that the best faith has been kept under I most auspicious circumstances with the pnbb t -Edwards will visit Sandhurst in a day or two- j Applications for a portion of the grant for | cemeteries must be sent in to' the Public .Office, Melbourne, on or before 17th February- : The Acting-Chief Secretary is desirous of to the metropolitan and country Press the a » necessity that exists of not making P u "*‘® , ra Jj I ments of the police force in the North-Eaa | ■ trie tun til at least forty-eight hours have elap £ such movements. | A few days ago a party from Scarsdile,| of Messrs Farrell and Partridge; who wer | quently joined by some former old reaiden district, who are now ruralising as land see oJ ,| tho pariah of Irrewillipe, Colao way, s^ ar fl 3 juci holiday trip to the Otway ranges, intent on g shooting, and scenery exploration. Amo company were Messrs Wm. Hamilton, J-• J and George Williamson. They were we (or>|- ; with tha necessary provisions and ingre_tie . | charming trip, and coasted it for a consul* '■ , | tance.. The snakes that they saw they I repr | “ caution ’’ to white men, and at last they r ■ scene of the wreck of the unfortunate pitched their tent, and explored the oav > which is now called the piano cave, oiV .'J 1 quantity of broken pianos which were was g n e w hi c h are scattered about on and the renin seoure d B everal porKons of the every side. In y brokan o ar, with the name W reokago, con thereon> a portion 0 f a boat, of the Lech Ara ora un f or tunate name, and which also bear * whic h now grace the many oth , e L tel at Scarsdale. They captured an Fteemasons howl u( , werfl unguMeggfa i , n scouring abundance o£ ee ‘ tab . e Bor ta 0 £ the finny tribe, and other ana more P« e J and fiaherma n that it all de- Were io for ® e “ 0 f the moon, for sometimes they and pended on th they wouldn’t bite, just as the bite, and more b® Qn y n ; ght tha party’s brandy spirit moved tne Buddenly an d mysten »ndffbilky nne P o P f them ascribed the sudden loss to ousiy. wbe „ n “-oal that drinks up all the water of the the strange ctiona at IrreW ill,pe, and then and "pri,DgrfSra in the forest glades, and which they eD ly disappears popofcamU s or other large conjecture to o thirsty disposition that evinces a animal Kn Jte but is rather repugnant to animal taste for hfi°“ > found to be safe enough. After food, which -n y ing ou t they reached Cam better than a W aab Qf th eir way to perdown, and th c Thfly Bpeak Kghtly of Mr their respective ho . , and CoTere d with Gibson’s grass, and state that his tnssocta ot ioub , ainouth for tha warm hospl . P» i66 ' 8 drived at and after the shipwreck, tahty he and p delegates from the various The annual co Natives . A , BoCla tion was branches ot tuo F ;day evening. There were b e ld at C £' B and Colgan, from the present—Mesa Cadde n and Wainwright, from the Melbourne bran . tbe g an dhurst; Curtain and Ballarat; Calm, B , lehawk; Oliver and Haley, Jennings, from Mr O’Callaghan occupied the from tlw BOn dence of a routine nature was dealt chair. 7"';L lanc6 .Bheetß and auditors’ report were with, and the . lance . Bheeta show that the funds ot adopted. _ Ja a healthy condition, and from the association meeting, it is expected that what tramP 1 “ increase of members during the there win oe “ e _ g following officers were elected forthcoming ye ■’ p res ident, Mr S. Cadden; vioe for the ensuing ye y CabiU and w. OUver; secre pKsl d ur l Colgan; treasurer, Mr F. C. Wainwright; tary, Mr J. « B T enn inEß and Ilsley. It was resolved auditors, “® Ba j[ erenc | should be held at Sandhurst. that the next contain viaitiag delegateß , accom- Prior to th ' members of the local P3nie t b mad°e m a tour of inspection around the city and branch, made a keand it3 surroundings eDW °,“; thz appreciative gaze of the strangers, att , rac r t 'd b d many expressions of envy at the advan * “I, Annie Cochrane, first-class pupil teacher at Miss Ann e o g 6 who recent i y passe d her the Linton 8 been appo mted head teacher of the Sale State school, situated between Linton “QhmtlvMter 3 o’clock on Saturday afternoon a fire Shortly building belonging to a man named brok p°L r of Burke street, Smythesdale, It appears Uttleeirl named Margaret Parker, five years of that ol nnssfssiou of some lucifer matches, went into age, got o y b was unoccupied, struck the S.S »and «'to » 1. Pl.«. V fire-bell ™ •li!. T „ne- and numerous persons, inclusive of quickly i firo br i ga de, who were on the B ° mi n ? Siacent witnessing a cricket match, shortly g '°““bled d at the scene of the fire, but the premises, bad been used as sleeping apartments J t minera engaged in the Eldorado and other daims with some beds, bedding, and potatoes, were The adiacent private house was saved, " the ahelu of the wind. The premises were uninsured. Large quantities ot oats and barley are now pass ini, Ihroiizh Smythesdale from the Onditand Foxhow dhtricts, consigned to the proprietors of the Ballarat Distilleiy, who made their purchases early m the Smythesdale Anglican Church committee, and the ladies of the congregation, are just now areanging for a erand bazaar and repository of gifts to be held at Easter, to raise funds for church purposes. Weekly meetings are held at the parsonage, and the matter has been entered into con amove, with the view of mating the affair a financial success. The State school at Derwent Jacks, owing to the nropinauity of the Roman Catholic school, is in a state of collapse. The second teacher has been re moved some dozen children are on the roll, and the average attendance is about eight, whilst the rival school has over seventy. Mr Robert M. Harvey, mining surveyor and regis- trar, has received express permission in writing from the Minister of Justice to act as town clerk for the borough of Bnninyong. Hapny Valley has been gazetted a polling place for the Smjthe’a Creek division of the Ballarat mining district in addition to the polling places previously ap pointed for the said division. A widow woman named Elizabeth Gilbert was found drowned in a water-tank at Creasy on Friday morning. The ordinary weekly meeting of the Ballarat Catholic Young Men’s Society was held in the Catholic Library, Dawson street, on Friday last; the president (Mr D. Fitzpatrick) was in the chair. It being the half yearly meeting there was an unusually large attend ance of members. After the usual routine business had been finished the election of officers for the en suing six months took place as follows;—President, Mr D. Fitzpatrick (unopposed); vice-president, Mr J. Jennings; treasurer, MrjJ. Bourke; secretary, Mr L. J. Molloy; librarian, Mr R. Nausea wen;.-committee, Messrs Conlon, Walton, C. Lyons, Carroll,''- and J. Green; editors for the Monthly Journal, Messrs J. Jennings, J. Bourke, and M. O'Keefe. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers of the society, which was snitahly responded to by Mr J. Hennessey. The Rev. R. J. Cleary, chaplain to the society, was present at the meeting. He pointed out to the committee and officeis the responsibility attached to their offices, and hoped that they would do all in their power to get new members to join the society, aud above all, for the members themselves to prepare for any debate they intended to take part in, as nothing is more useful to a young man commencing life than a good knowledge of history. A cordial vote of tharfks was passed to the rev. gentleman for his kindness in at tending the meeting. A committee meeting of the Buninyong Public Library was held on the 24th January; present— Messrs Harris (chairman), Goode, Williams, and Anderson. The secretary reported that considerable destruction was going on with the library buildings, and it would be necessary to take measures to protect the buildings for the future. “Have reported the matter to the police with a view to the capture of the offenders. Have received Geological Survey Progress Report for last year, and £2O on account of building grant from Government. The accounts for last year have been duly audited and found correct by Messrs Hama and Goode. Have forwarded the usual annual returns to Government, and application for the Qoverment grant in aid for books, &c.; Have been requested to procure a set of chess and draught men tor the reading-room, and if these were procured they might induce some to join as subscribers. The amount received from subscribers the last year is £l4 8s fid, or an average of say 29 members. The Home News was again stolen from the room a few days after its a J n T™ •da this goes on every month, the only benefit ? tbs paper is to the light-fingered individual, who as not the grace to replace it for the benefit of the su senbers generally, and is a useless expenditure to e committee. I would therefore suggest its dis on innance to year consideration.”—Received. It was eso ved, on the motion of Mr Goode, seconded by Mr erson 1 That a set of chess and draught men be procured for the use of the institute.” The considera , discontinuance of Home News was postponed rpc/> j tne ® t ' n S' Mr Williams moved, Mr Anderson the » ' • ' Pba !' tbe treasurer be requested to furnish , mmßtan with a balance- sheet for publication in nf wbicb was carried. On the motion “tL? 18 t lam3 and Anderson, it was resolved— acrn»» nf iff ce and double gate be erected at once acroES the hekery entrance.” Mr Goode moved, Mr AMeraou seconded-- That the president (MrHedrick) inv! “f ß,rß Harna and Williams, examine the build cost A nece , Baai Y re Pairs, alterations, and probable Carrica’* aai d report on same at next meeting,” and the’™ .• ma ,- account waa Pbeeed ior payment, meeting adjourned to next Friday. Iwiaf'p « fter nODn on Saturday (says the Qctlong oc ? urr . e d , in the Main street at . the two houRPR 1 ber “ Inatln B in the total destruction of It broke ? nd rendering three families homeless, widow nampinu be \f ar -° £ a cotta ge occupied by a Ricketts -i, rs . Martin, and another family named m& audtbp„ hVe, f the . rear P° rtion ° £ the build a man named B T pr ,fad to the old police station, in which resided Tl a nd e J f h -u^ 00k ’ a ? arter for Mr Hawhrth, eomple'telv dp Ul djng*. being of wood, were soon Haworth f daetreyed. The building q W ued by Mr families resided Ineia ) red > that in which .the two insured in the T; an< * wblc h belongs to Mr Tucker, is £l3O, Liverpool and London and Globe for epWMconffitL 11 - 0 / appear ‘P be in a very pro extract from thfi ‘/i w ® . are t 0 3udge by the following 18 likely thac attba evening, a Bimupot; ® oan oil, to be held on Monday lease will be conaidff £ mf'- be Gardens on the increasing enat • Tb “. bas been induced by: Berdens." ® £ o£ maintaining and improving the Qeornon?futif x a f ur d a y’e Bendigo Advertiser dated na med James T Last ni S bt a man Wes cleverly cantnrpd le {,° £ sges ger t° n , a charcoal burner, : Place. in ya ? p ‘ u «d by_ Constable Clarke, of this Etmore. The 3 f!-f tlon Wlth Constable Wearing, of i : J ' p '. Of Elmore P teT r waa bro ught before Mr Farrell, * a Y« and remanded to Sandhurst for a week. From whatl learn about a doaan charges will be brought againstrthe prisoner, r. Stolen property of .some years’ accumulation, such as homes, haniess, chains, Ac., moat of;which have been identified, bu been found in his possession. Great praise is due to the constables for the energy they have displayed in the arrest qf the prisoner. .The prisoner is - a connec tion of the Ouffus family.” W e (Bacchus Marsh, Express) have obtained the following information respecting some Crown lands at Riddell’s Creek, which will shortly be available for selection. There are seven surveyors engaged' in the survey, and it is estimated that the land will not be thrown open until about the Ist ot April. The area is eleven thousand acres. In some parts there is good deep black soil, In others it is of a sandy nature, and more or less, heavily timbered throughout, also fairly watered. A Sandhurst telegram, dated Saturday, states that William Ashwin, an old settler, waa drowned in the River Murray on Friday night. He was fording the river, aud was nearly across, when it is supposed he got into a hole. Ashwin was a good swimmer, and it is also supposed , he must, have .been , seised with cramp. Mrs Ashwin was also drowned in the Murray some eight months ago. Several carriages belonging to the Marquis of Nor manby arrived from New Zealand on Friday by the a.s. Arawata, consigned to the care of Messrs Stevenson and Elliott, who are instructed to have them put in order at once. Daring they voyage of the steamer Avoca, which arrived from Sydney on' Friday, a tremendous squ≪ of hail and rain waa met with off Gape Banks. The hailstones were of great size, the largest found measur ing eight inches in circumference. - : We (Herald) have been shown a circular purport ing to be signed by the secretary of the Melbourne Young Men’s Christian Association,' and addressed to' a gentleman in the Civil Service, asking him to attend a private meeting' for the purpose of taking measures to protect Pastor Chiniquy during his forthcoming visit to Melbourne. Saturday’s Herald says;—^“That' 1 out of evil some times cometh good,’ was-ezemplied this morning in the City Police Court, A woman named Fanny Cooper was charged with insulting behavior, and the charge being proved against her, although’shs.stoutly contradicted it, she was fined 10s. . With an air of supreme contempt she drew a pound-note from her breast, threw it on the table, and exclaiming, ‘ There ia 10s for the poor-box, for the policeman telling lies,’ bounced out of the court with an air of offended ■dignity.’’ ' : V A memorial has been got up, and is being signed' extensively at Egerton (says the Advertiser), praying the Bishop of Ballarat not to remove Mr Harris, : Church of from this district. A similar petition is expected to be in course of signa ture id Gordon in a day or two, as the Episcopalians are extremely anxious to retain. Mr Harris amongst them.' , A man named; John. Clune (says the Gordon , Egerton, and Ballan Advertiser) whilst engaged, working at Mr S. Bennett’s farm, Boltvarra, on Thurs day, fell down dead. An inquest waa held on Friday, when it was found that disease of the heart was the cause of death. The deceased leaves a wife and three children to lament bis less. t • By the decease of Mr G. Beggs (says tha Biponshire Advocate), an extraordinary vacancy is caused in the. representation of the north riding of Riponshire, and an election, will. take place on 13th February,. Yarions rumors are afloat as to probable candidates. Mr D. M‘Donald, of Middle Creek, is spoken •of as likely to have a walkover; while,.on the other hand, it ia stated Mr Jame/ Prentice only : .wants a little pressing to offer himself as a candidate. •’A rather sensational accident (says the Stawelt Chronicle) occurred on Friday evening daring the journey of the Martoa train to Stawell; .when about eight miles of the distance had. been traversed. In one of the seated H tracks used for passengers there were about sixteen persons, iacluding a number of ladies, and when the point indicated was reached, Mr M. Morris, of Minyip, who was one of the passen gers, on looking out through the bars of the truck discovered , that it was on fire at the top. He at. once commenced shouting loudly to the guard and driver, in which he was manfully joined/ by Mr Blaney, of Murton, their duet at last attracting attention. Previous to this, however, the excitement waa some thing terrible. Ladies were screaming and preparing to faint, and it took all Mr Permewan and Mr Oliver could do to reassure them. Meanwhile one gentle man, seeing that the fire had at last burned through the roof, was making, frantic efforts to beat it out'with a silk coat, while another manfully aided with a pith hat. In abouE five minutes the train pulled up, the passengers alighted without injury, and a few buckets of water extinguished the flames, as also those on an open truck just behind, which was also on fire. Great care will have to be taken to prevent similar accidents. The fire was, of course, caused by sparks from the engine, and if the terrified females; bad got to the doors and opened them loss of life might have re sulted. Had the truck burned five minutes longer it would have been but a choice-between the evils of being roasted and jumping out. D'Arcy Read’s Ghost will appear to-night, for the first time in Ballarat, at the-Academy of Music. ■ The whole of the apparatus and machinery connected therewith have been adjusted and put in splendid working order, so that all who are present this evening at the Academy will be able to witness what ia said to be one of the ‘most wonderful performances ever given in Ballarat. The Ghost will be ably supported by a strong company of ; dancers, singers, Sc e. By re ference to the advertisement elewbere," the names, of the plays to be given will be seen, and for the conve nience of those who wish to avoid crushing at the doors, the box-office will be open to day for the sale of tickets. St, Leon’s circus company gave, a farewell perform ance on Saturday night, and in the course of a few hours afterwards the big tent and the whole of the show paraphernalia were stowed away, in the waggons and off to Geelong. 