GHOST-STORIES UNVEILED/' U. -i Or ie evening ,somo .weeks ago, I was in" tiiy'1 roo'm preparing for biid, when I sudderily heard wl jat sounded like footsteps coming along the f jassage leading to my room ; tlion 'somo'ohe ap- peared to be feeling in the dark for the handle ;of the door, which was slightly' shaken; and a low knock was heard. . Of course I ait, once /con cluded that some one of the family was biitsidp rind my door being. looked, I called out to knoiif/ who was there, but received no answer. Think ing this very odd,"!' went to the -'door/ and 'opened it ; but, to my amazement, no one was!, outside, and, yet T had heard 110 1 fooisteps Re treating., I must explain that my room is at ;the end of a long passage, to which you descend by.flyoior six steps, my. door forming the end, of jthe. passage (my room being at the eiid'/of btifi j Wing of the house ) ; therefore; ori oprihirig ffijf ' door, I immediately, .commanded', the .Ayh'ole''bf tlie corridor, and it seemed impossible' for any one to have -escaped in the, time ;, and I. knew.- that the two rooms opening on the same .passage;/ were locked up, so that no one could! have. .got; , out of sight in 'that- way. ... . j i .- , -.->'1 j Abry much puzzled, I. closed and locked my Idoor:; and after a brief interval the.samio-,, thing was repeated. Cautious footsteps were heard;.) approaching ; then as if some one were ., feeling' for the handle of the door in the dark,-.. aud,g shaking tho door slightly by so. doing ; an d then again a low knock.-' A' second time - did- jl open my door,, but , with the same result. N o.ionen was there.' 1' frankly confess that ' I- now begin to feel somewhat uucbmfor table; 'liob on' aci lount bf:ghosts, but visions of thieves which., floated; across my mind (very ii-ratipnallyl.of.cbih-sb); 'ahefe I felt persuaded that soriie one, must be moving ribdut tlie -house ;, anil yet I know, that piiery, one pise had gone to bod-long ago.; ,nnd I owfiT-dia not feel iuclihdd to risk-an oncouutorf with) t his hiystferious visitor While trying to .'-arouse,, aqijqe one else, my roOtiv being- some way. froinihe/restec of the'fainiiy. - - '< | Betefiiiihed lioivevrif, if. possible to 'find. o'ut what it was, I crodcKoii;ddri>ii "witli. my ear to the l door, . lis.tbning'fpr a repetition1 of the'110'ise, which was repeated a third tiiaie... But now, owing'- 'to my closeness to the dooiy .I : discovered tlio diti- turber of my peace in. a. mouse ! It appeared this 'mouse, which' pad very evidently,, lost it%. way, had got down iiit'o the passage/ an'd-firiclinge retreat rather diflicultdwirig, I. suppose,, to the steps) ,was'.riiBhuig,'jflaad: dqwri the ph'stage ''at , full spoed, thereby 'pveduoirig.tlie'griuri'drif "'foot'-'; steps. on tho, carpet,,. arid' on;fiiidinj;'its;':egresri'' barred by my door, trying to .riseiipe py ' r uriirin" up tlie door ; but tho, varnisiiiid paifit/ affording;, it 110 foothold, tho impetus of its run ; only" sufficed to carry it up a short way (thus shaking- |the dooV arid slightly moving: lilie,; handle),; and-' it then fell dowm with a flap, th.us producing the knock/' "'/ !-,l -.'.'l- . : . I J . ,1 ( I j I could not resist a'liearty laugh when IfouriclA joiit' the; real ciiiisi/ of-tlie disturb anceq but yet-fit e shews ' that stories of strango 1 liocturaknoisesy shouldbe received witli 'great oriution, for oer- jtaiiily I should al ways have declared that kojug ione had been tryilng my door that . night, had I jnot found out thti roal cause. ' ' . The following s'jtgry, it is to bp hoped; may as- isist still-further ill (lispe!Uing feftrs' of' wliat are formed siipornatuoal visitpx-s, by . explaining one ireason for, houso- bolls ' ringing of themselves./ I I had quitted my to'mpc 'rary 'coriritry i'Csiclericri- !fr the wiptor, clasod all 'the rooms, and left a ! trustworthy caretaker iu' o'.hrirgo, who- occupied 1 the kitchen. '- On -tho 'sooon d night; ivhilo sh'o sat ; at tho fire, she ivas alaril nod by hearing -thei; diriwing-room'beU, which Was high1 -up- in- the; ipassago to the kitclion,' , rinpg. She. looked hp- finto tho passago, and'thore, f jui-ely enough/ '-was' ; tho. boll giving its lait .tingliri'vgs. .,-Her ,Rijsbandj 'came home from .hiSi.-iv<'.rte a\nd to. satisfy lier i won t up-stairs to tho tirawing-i 'oom. He unlocked | tlie -door,-- found eyoi-qthing l.'n fits , usual) statep : carpet rolled up and . brnamontis and candlesticks PP.vorod. ..., Ho rotur.rigj clisbe.lioying liis. ivife'c, story ; but sho poz/sistod in it ; 'arid she deelai'e'd she would not fo/ a year's w.nges. remain, an .hour in tho haunted /jiouse after nklhtfiilh " 'Tlib'days were at their Shortest, and the luusbandq-equired to-be out- ay. .jjjg.. .j.; tjs- vlifticulty.,hort niece, «at%nt-hearled girl, voluiu'eeved.tobp her, commme4. .. Next 'ovbuing tlm-d/yJight .disap peaicd /ig'ijgual at an early hour', ani.i a»?bn.afteiS.j lyards/ tjj0 drawing-toom bell riing.. '-.Tho niece. ?PK6g to hoi- feet, ran into the passages, sa'wthtf 1 still shaking; 'and rushed rip vint'o' .Uia V-rawiug-rooni, wluc|i was found as'!bdfiH:e land silent. AVitli a good d oal , of o 11 1 rea/y ,' t ha" jcavetaker was induced by her liicco to i'omiMniii" ! tlio kitchen. Tlioy again sat down at tii'o firo, I and left tho passago- door ; open. A short t inio ,oiily'olapsod whoii tlio bell in the passago, :agi'w»ii rang, and this time more loudly and continuously ' tliari before. The torror of tho old woman iiov-7 became extreme ; but tlio younger crept cnu- ' . tibusly .round the, half-open do'br, arid tliore shb" \ -saw the ringer of tlio ; boll— si : half-starved rat?. \ j who iiripollod, by' hunger in. tho .empty 'house;1 \ I had. mado liis' lyriy.iritb, the channel, along' which' N ! all : t)ie, bell-; jyires haa been lriifl fro'iji' tlib'" seVft'W ! rooms iiit'o a comrivoii "opening to ' tliri",ks4ga ant was discussing in Iris own thoughts tl;« feasibility of jumping down from a hoiglit of five or six foot to the level of tho kitchon floor, to seek for a supper. IIo was- so hungorod, that tho prcsorico .of tho girl did not frighten him away, .and lio remained with his forepaws -in a state <ff unstnblo equilibrium, shaking tlio wire, whilo his glistening eyes shono out liko two dia monds re (looting the light of tho solitary kitchen candlo. Had tlie stoufc-lioarted girl not detected tho prcscncq of tho hungry visitor, tho lieliof would have boen firm and not unreasonable, in the viow of lhnny, that some supernatural agency had rung thd boll, and the legend of a liauntod house wouldihavo hunc round mv little villa. — Chambers's Journal. IrJiT. i 