Original Articles. TWO TRACTS. No. I. . It is hardly within our province to review literature of this particular class in the columns of The Messenger, but circumstances alter cases. We depart in this instance from our usual custom because the two tracts of which we propose to treat seem to claim for themselves an exceptional character, or, at any rate, such a claim seems to be made for them. They have been forwarded, we believe, to all the clergy of the Diocese by post at some considerable expense, and in the mind of the zealous donor or donors thev doubtless possess the merit of setting forth certain specific truths, of which the clergy, if ignorant, ought to . be made aware, and which it would be profitable for their people if they forthwith began to teach. On no other grounds than these can we suppose that they would have been sent. We. admit, therefore, that they possess some claim upon our careful attention and impartial consideration. Such attention and consideration we trust that we have accorded to them. The one is entitled A Personal Christ, and is written by the Rev. W. Haslam, late Incumbent of Curzon Chapel, Mayfair, London. Of the other we shall say a few words here after. With Mr. Haslam's pages we shall deal first. They contain some strong language; but strong language, we know, is not always the expression of sound reasoning. With the general idea of the tract we have no fault to find. The truth it is intended to set forth is ancient and catholic. That which the Bible propounds to men's faith is not a series of doctrines, or opinions, or views, but a Person, and certain facts relating to that Person. It is one of the mistakes of modern theology to lose thought of the Person of the Saviour in His work — to substitute acceptance of certain Evangelical doctrines for faith in the Person of the risen Christ. To believe the Gospel is to repose a living trust in the living Jesus, our High Priest and Intercessor at the right Hand of the Father, the Shepherd and Bishop of our souls, by whose Resurrection-life, com municated to us by the action of His outpoured Spirit, we are ' saved.' So far, we trust, we are in accord with Mr. Haslam — at least, if we rightly understand him. But with many of his inci dental statements we entirely disagree, and in his main illus tration — taken from 1 Samuel xvii. — we fail to see much point or force. On page 19 we are informed that the reason why the Philistines, some seven years after their defeat at Ephes dammim, renewed their struggle with Israel, and successfully fought the battle of Gilboa, was the discovery on their part that ' Saul did not believe that they were conquered'. at Ephes-dammim. It seems to us as reasonable to say that the reason why the Russians recently invaded Turkey was because they found out that the Sultan did not believe that they had been defeated in the Crimea some twenty years before. Statements of this sort are quite outside the Scripture narra tive, and we may take them for what they are worth ; but other statements seem to us wholly untrue and positively pernicious in their tendency. On page 6 we read that many believers ' think and act as if their final salvation into heaven depended on their faithfulness to grace.' Does Mr. Haslam mean to say that those who are habitually unfaithful to grace will be admitted to heaven? What is the meaning, then, of such passages as Heb. vi. 4 ? 6, 2 Peter ii. 21 ; or of such exhortations as 2 Cor. vi. 1, Heb. xii. 14—17? Page 7— 'God so loved the world that He gave ' (not a plan of salvation, or a Church, or a priest and sacraments, but) « His only begotten Son.' Is it true that ' God gave' neither Church, nor priests, nor sacraments? Are they figments of man's invention ? If Christ be God, and the Gospels authentic, there can, we think, be no doubt about the sacraments. St. Paul certainly believed that He ' gave ' the ministry (Eph. iv. 11, 12) ; and we have also read that the Church is the Body of Christ (Eph. i. 22, 23), the purchase of His Blood (Acts xx. 28), the pillar and ground of the Truth (1 Tim. iii. 15). Is it not. on the other hand, true to say that God 'gave His only begotten Son' in order that He might fulfil His ' plan of salvation,' and provide for men a ' Church, and priests, and sacraments,' in and by which, as the instruments of His Spirit, He might confer on them that 'everlasting life, ' which consists in the redemption of body, soul, and spirit from the bondage of cor ruption, and the restoration of the whole man to the holy Image in which he was at first created 1 We reserve the most objectionable extract to the last. ' There is a kind of love for the Person of Jesus, however, which I cannot help mentioning here as a warning, and which is very present and real, so far as it goes, and it ia influential for life and devotion to a high degree, even unto death ; but it is only human and religious, not of the Spirit. It is possible to cultivate this kind of love of Jesus like the love of Mary, or the love of Joseph her husband, or the love of the Hindoo Krishna, so that souls may be inflamed with fervent zeal and most enthusiastic and happy adoration ; but this is zeal not cf God, neither is it according to knowledge, and, therefore, to be regarded with suspicion and dread. The true, constraining love of Christ is the reverse of this and it must be wrought in us by the Holy Spirit just as faith and hope are wrought' (pp. 25, 26). Here it is stated that human religiousness (man's religion) is capable of generating, and does actually generate, a love for the Person of Jesus : on page 12 we read — ' Man's religion, wherever it is, whether in Christian or heathen lands, is but a kind of devil-worship, the offspring of slavish fear.' Is any love of Christ, however imperfect, a ' kind of devil-worship, the off spring of slavish fear ?' Of course the writer does not mean to say so. He merely contradicts himself. We quite take his meaning. He sees among Romanists, or Ritualists, or other 'publicans' who do not agree with his particular conceptions of Christ's religion, a vast amount of deep, earnest, and. fervent devotion to the Person of the Saviour, and in this tolerant, charitable, and Christian paragraph he endeavours to account for the phenomenon. We may mistake him, but we think not. In any case, it is news to us that a man may really and truly love Christ of his own carnal mind, apart from the gracious drawings of the Holy Spirit. St. Paul says that 'No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost' (1 Cor. xii. 3). Mr. Haslam teaches that a man may love Him, and that love be no work of the Spirit, but merely 'human and religious,' i ?whatever human and religious may mean. ' The true constraining love j of Christ' — he adds — ' is the reverse of this.' The reverse of what ? Of a love present, and real, and influential for life and devotion, even unto death, inflaming souls with burning zeal and most enthusiastic and Jiappy adoration. If it be the reverse of this, we are not afraid to say that it is of very little value in the sight of God or man. As a matter of fact, we affirm that the Gospel of Christ was not given to eradicate the affections of human nature, and to substitute others for them, but to elevate and purify them — to direct them to holy and worthy objects, to sanctify the whole man ; and nothing, we believe, can be more misleading; unscriptural, and false than such statements as that we have just condemned. Taken as a whole, then, we regard Mr. Haslam 's tract as, in many im portant respects, opposed to the teaching of Holy Scripture and of the Church of England, and unworthy of circulation among sober and practical Christians. On the other tract we hope to have something to say next month. ? S. P. G. 