Archbishop Vaughan at Balmain. OK Sunday aftornoon, at Weat Balmain, in tho presonco c 1000 persons, his Graco Archbishop Vaughan laid tli foundation-stono of a now Catholic school. Tho now build ing, whioli i capable of onlargemont, will accommodât 30Ö children. Archbishop Vaughan, prior to laying tho foundation stono, addressed tho Blithering as follows :-It was only th othor day that I had tho gratification of Iiyiugtho fornida tlon-stoue of a school nt Forest Lodge-whero, iu a fev minutes, £600 wera subscribed-boforo tho end of thi; month I shall bo doing tho same for tho great schools a Darlinghurst, aud now I am boro, in tho midst of oui Catholic working men, just nbout to perform tho enmi oeromony for Father Dillon ; und, I suppose to say som< few word« upon tho nil-absorbing topic of Catholic educa tion. And, first of nil, I must express to you my unfeigned delight at being in the midst of yoi this evening. Hook upon you, (bo Catholic working-moc of this district, .with oyos and feelings of especial sympathy audadmtration. You know that if you were travelling iii YorJtshiro, and you began to tell a Yorkshireman how much you admired Mr. So-and-so, that Yorkshireman would at onco turnuponyou sharp and ask-What did bc give you? Now, what ls it that you have given mo, to compol mo to speak of you iu tho terms in which I hare spoken ? I will toll you: you havo givon mo tho consciousness that tho very poorest of our peoplo possess that truo Catholic spirit which shows itself in gTcat aud noblo works. You, tho Catholic people of Balmain, you aro descended from a raoo which has ever loved faith hotter than life, and which poBiosscs au iunnto generosity which is, I think I may say it, ospncinl to tho Irish character. Lot ino for ono moment quoto tho words of a groat Protes tant historian. Ho says:-"A standard of domostio virtuo, a delicacy of fanialo honour, was gradually formed amongst tho Irish poor higher than in any othor part of tho ompiro, nud unsurpassed if not unequalled in Kuropo. j Tho rory extonsion of poverty nud mondictinoy had pro-1 UIIUUU vu^.u »- - touohing spirit of charity, a road ínoss to «haro with ono anothoi tho last orustand the last potato Domestic affeotioxs woro mort than commonly warm. Thi moinorablo faot that, in tho pre sont oontury, not lass than 2( millions of pounds havo boor sont back iu the spaco of 20 ycart by thoso who wont for tho mos! part as ponniloss emigrants to Amorica, to tlioir rotativos in Iroland, illustrates a nido of tho Irish oharnotor which was alroady noticod by many ohsorv. era ; and, in modern times, concerning willoh alono wo eau spoak with confldonco, infaut ioldo, dosortlon, wifomurder, and othor orimos indicating a low stato of douiostio morality havo boon much rarer among tho Irish poor than nniong tho cor responding classes in England." I find thoso pregnant words of Mr. Looky, regarding tho gener osity of tho Irish pcoplo, Iborno out as to thoir truth whorevorl go throughout tho colony. Thoir hind is sot to |3vory good work, and thoir charity ÍB unbounded. So far, in gonernl. But what havo you thopeoplo of |ltalniain, dono that you should ba nurabor ed amongst thoso who havo provod thomsolvîs worthy of this Îiralso ? Lot mo say what you íavo dono for tho take nf thoso who may not know. I will tvko tho wholo district served by Fathor Dillon. First, taKo Bal main propor.' Thoro you havo a convent, to begin with, which, in round numbers, will havo cost Ü6500, and I nm told that im provomouts and internal fittings and arrangements havo entailed another £1000. On all this tho debt hos boon roducod to X1500. Father Dillon puts down tho schools oonnootod with tho ohurch at £1300. But my main point is this-for I wan* my ftudionco to know what thoso pcoplo havo dono to mako mo praiso thom-that tho labouring mon and tho citizens and tim shipcarnomters liavo dono %vhat thourniudsdid bofovo tbom in tba AROS of Faith,-thoy havo ?ivon tho work of their hands and thu sweat of their brow o tho sorvico of tho church. Tho church, for ono rouson and another, hud fallen into grout disrepair. The schools had booouio too small. Wliat did thoso pooplo do? For 15 mouths tlioy worlcod doublo tidoa that ÍB, attor tho toil and driulgo of their daily work was over, instead of enjoying darin},' tho rost of tho evening thoir well-earned repose, they «ot to work again on tho church aud on tho public schools, and besan their labour of lovo. In tho sumnior time thoy lort off labour at 4 p.m., and thou sot to working for tlio schools and tho ohurch till close of night. In winter, thoy wero not dotorrod oven by darkness, for I am told they liboured by lamplight at this groat and glorious work for God. I say thoso nanda and arms will bo blessed, thoso wearied feet will " walk in ways of ponce," for our Lord must lovo such mon as those who (hus spond thonisolves in His ?arvico. Father Dillon informs mo that bo values tho labours of thoso mon at ,CI00. What havo thoso mon given mo? A glorious example of Christian workmen, working ufter working-hours, and doon into tho night, for tho church of their fathers. Let us now como nearer homo still. Look nt tho ground beneath your loot. Look: at this largo proporty wboro wo uro nssomblod. How came it into our possession? I say wo owo it to tho Catholic working mou. Thoso gentle mon-«nd they are tho truo gontlomeii of tho laud in its hiebest sense-theso gontlomen formed a committee and bought tho land, and potitioncd mo to send tho Sisters of tho Good Samaritan to teach in tho schools thoy had oroctod. Two of thoso goutlcmon hold tho hind till tho ap pointment of Fat her Dillon, and thou thoy mndo it over to tho church. Tho school itself cost .£700, mid .£100 'have boon spout in furniture and appliances. Tho hind is valued nt .C80O, making a total of .Ü1800, with a debt remaining ol £5G0. In ono word, taking tho two centros of labour, thc convent costing £7500, tho schools of St. Augustine ,Ci:>00, and thoso of St. Josoph JC1800, wo mny say safely that ovoi X10.000 havo bonn spent in tho-advancement of morality and roligion in tho district. And this monoy_ has, at least in part, been collected, I think I may say, in groat part, by tho weekly subscriptions of tho poorer classes, who, to gether with thoir religion, lmvo brought into this country thataplondidgonerosity which iscspocinl to tho Irish people, I think, ladies and gentlemen, that. I havo now satisfied inj Imaginary Yorkshire friend; and T believe that oven ht would bo constrained to admit that. I have very good voa son, indeed, for praising t ho Catholic work mon of Hal main And now, if thc.v will let mo, I will tell a bit of my mind tc all honest, liboral-mindod men with regard to thoso great ovonts which are fasting their dark and gloomy shadow; before. They say in the country that; when a storm is coming of unusual violence, tho anlmata hce.oiuo IIUUSUH.IIJ quiet in tho (lolita, and there seems to be II hush in nut ure till suddenly the entame! s nf Heaven open, und the th mulei hollows as tho Torkt-d light ning (lashes on every side, nm shivers, mid chara,ami l.nrm« into:), black wivnk I bo nobles treo of tho forent. Though things cannot well be as bm as this, I will not conceal from you or from mysoir tba tharo are signs in thc heavens of that which of all thing: oise, in iv free country, is likely to produce siie.h a storm a no bishop or priest would bo aldo to avert. I refer to th spirit of tyranny and persecution that seems as if it wa about to be unchained. Referring to tho question of education, tho Arehbîsho said:-Tho world knows what our teaching is; it has beei printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town mu country, lt is iv fact publicly established that Catholic cannot iu conscience neild their children to non-Oat lioli schools, lt is, niofoover, w-'ll known, it bus boon in al the newspapers, that we object to sending clergymen t tho public nchoota, whether with class rooms or withoul tu join tho jar of tongues and the contradiction of creed whicb. is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence an religion. Wo have most carefully, and I think I may sa boldly, spoken out as was our bounden duty, knswinir as iv did that a chango was about to bo made in tho Educatior Act unfavourable to our views. What has been tho result í First of all, a hurricane of nbuso of endless insult casi upon what is dearer to us than lifo itself, on our holy re' ligion. As to thoso who havo abused and insulted mo per sonally, tho worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they may havo the grace toheoome Catholics before thoy dio. Well, during tho downpour, I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our case. Ono thing, I believe all will I admit-that our caso has boen stated clearly, and is per fectly intelligible. Next, Parliament moots. Th« outlines of tho new education scheme aro laid before tho colony. What aro its provisions ? What is its drift ? Thcroisono thing in its drift that I admiro, and that is that it evi doutly attempt to meet tho requirements of somo largo sections of the community. It not only implies nknow ledge of their existence, but it also aim» at answer lng Borne of their wants. The Church of Eng land will havo greater facilities for religious in struction; tho Nonconformists will have, it seems, all thoy want, so far as thoy aro concerned ; tho loaguo will have soveral concessions, partial compulsion, if not ontiro, and an approach to freedom from fees. I admire any a'tempt at meeting tho wisher of lartjo classes. I am only too pleased whan I seo my follow colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives thom, ns fathers and mothers, penco and happiness when thoy think of their children. I would hr» among tho first to interfere, tho first to spcak out were they tyrannised over, or wero thoir con sciontious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far tho promiso of tho now bill solicits my respect. But this very quality which I ad miro as bearing upon rrotcBtnnts, heightens my sonse of grief and _ indignation when I reflect (hat Catholics, exchudvely, nro in a studied movo Apparently ignored, whilst in reality they aro trampled on. Working mon of Balmain, lam addressing myself to you. You love your roligion hotter than your life, if I may jndgo from tho past. You would rather die than jeopar dise the futuro Ca'liolio prospeots of your children. Your church and your bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts toll you is^tho simple truth-that you may not souci your children to public schools. You aro poor, working, honest, ;labonring incu, getting your 35s a week, trying to próvido littlo homes for yourselves and to bring up your children ns good nud respectable as you aro yourselves. In you I am addressing all tho labouring Catholics in thu colony. Wo Catholics roprcsont one third- soino say moro, soino loss-of tho population. The now hill treats tondorly nil tho othor «cotions. How does it treat yon ? Can you with tho wildest strotch of illumination, and Irishmen aro not deficient in that, can you inyour wildost moments imaginoasinglopoint in that bill which shows that you havo boen thought of with kind ness and sympathy ? Havo you not tho painful conscious ness that so far as this now schotuo is concoruod, your caso has hoon ignored, whilst all others havo boon thought of? Show mo ono singlo point whero thcro is a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow, of a sign, that respect has boon folt for tho conscientious convictions of ono third of tho population, of the groat Catholic intorestin this colony. Thought of? Yes, you havo boon thought of, you havo not hoon ignored. It would scorn to somo that'you have boon unceasingly hoforo tho oyos of thoso who frnmed this bill, that they might sot, oven by sonic inadvertent blunder, throw you somo niîsoiublo shred of justice And thoy havo not kept you in view in vain. Whilst seomiugly ignoring you, thoy havo know ingly, or unknowingly, invoiitod an instrumont of scientific persecution exquisito in its perfection for carrying out its onds. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished nspirations under foot. Working mon of Balmain, let mo explain mysolf. You havo tolivo on hard earned wngos, and you know tho worth of small sums of mouoy, and can only with thrift and caro keep tho wolf from the door. What does the new bill do for you, for tho thousands of tho Catholic poor? Does it sympathiso with your poverty, and encourage j'our sturdy faith, and soothe your hard lifo by giving your children a chalice of being instructed in secular knowledge, and being broutrht up thorough Catholics ? I will toll you In a fow words what it does for you. If it could speak it would say-though its framers may not mean it-it would say:-"I am a modern monstrosity so contrivod as to flatter all sections of the community except the Koman Catholic. Thoso miser nhlo creatures must bo got rid of somehow, but first of all they must bo kicked mid insulted. My predecessor, born in 1SG0, was a fair speci men of persecution for that day, but wo aro older now, aud havo ndvanccd further into light. That bill forced tho thousands of thu Catholic poor, nnd tho rich loo, to pay for tho education of othor poopl 's children, in schools thoy could not uso themselves. But lam an improvement on that. I am going to build great grammar schools for boys, and tho Catholics shall pay equally with thoso who uso thom for thoso also. Valacos for girls shall also bo ostab lishod, whore girls shall lo:trn to bo discontented possible with thoir home and with their lot. Catholics, though they o:\tmot, use those, shtill pay for thuin, too, ns if they did. Thou 1 mean, moreover, to multiply the schools they cnnnol uso and roduoo tho foes, and Catholics shall bear their burden hero ¡is well. To this I moan to add about the most exquisito insult possible, that is to have ouch public school, having so many children, fur nished with a class room which Catholics cannot use. In this class-room all tho various denominations whoso very ex istence is a protest against tho Catholic religion, shall teach thoir Tarions creeds, nsa necessary consoqucuco condemn thc faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for Hie very buildings in which, day after day, nud hour after hour, llitnr religion is, or may be, denounced in terms well known tt> all. To this insult, perfect in its kind, I am goiim; to add nu injury equnlly perfect iu its nature. Hav ing ignored every single just demand, having made the Catholics pay, as bas been described. I then carry the war into tho enemy's camp. Thoy still have denomina tional schools, they love thom, they are proud of them, they erected timm at great expense-those I mean to knock ou the hoad. Por, since Catliolics are the poorest section of thc community, and siuce their small means are forced from thom to pay for tho education of other people's children, how will they ho able, poor as they aro, to pay, at it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own us woll as those of others? How can they keep paco with tho reduction of feen ? They may strngglo for a time like fish in a net, hut wo will take them out of their 'bath of supernatural light,' and if they do not become infidels or ranters, they will becomo nondescripts-and anything, even a blackfellow, is better than a Papist." Such is tho lan gunge that tho new bill, so far ag I know anythiug of it, speako to mo. I do not mea» to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture asl havo painted did not consciously outer tho intentions of legislation. I am simply spenkiugof facts, which aro hard things. That is tho language of the bill, to any intelligent man who lus oars to hoar, aud to every intelligent Catholic who has a soul, and a heart heating in his body. It is a modern mon. strosity of cruelty and tyranny, so far as wo aro concerned ; and I bclievo overy fair- minded man in tbocommuni y will sympathiso with us, assist us to proservo our freedom of conscience, and to obtain our just and snlf-ovident rights. Why should wo nloui bo ignored? Why should our cry not bo hoard ? Why should Catholics and only Catho lics, be trampled on, and insulted in tho way that I havo described? Wo do uot stand in the way of others; wo rojoico when they aro happy; when they can feel their children aro doing well, it it a true pleasure to us. What Îileasuro or happiness is there in seeing us Ead and broken, ike slaves mid serfs, who havo no friends, nnd aro as out casts of tho people? What pleasuro, in this ninoteonth century, is thero in producing so gravo an irritation, so galling a wound, as will bo produced if that bill becomes law ? I cannot bolicvo it. I will not believe that tho majority, tho sound portion of tho community, will stand by silontly and not support us in our just strugglo for liberty and fair play, A sum of £K)1 was placed on tho stone before tho pro ceedings terminated. The Political Reform Union hold its weekly moot, ing, Tuesday, Nov. 4, at Ward's Booms, Pitt-street. Thoro was a very crowdod attendance larger than at any mooting sinoo tho lato genoral oleotions. Sovoral now mombors woro mado ; and after dispos ing of gonoral business, tho real object of tho moot ing, namoly, tho question whothor tho union should placo tho oduoation question onthoirprogratnmo, was proceodod with. It appears that sinoo tho union carno into oxistonco, somo three years ago, under its old namo of tho Working Mon's Dofenco Association, tho subject o£ education was loft out of tho pro gramme. But now it is thought by many that tho timo has arrivod when tho union should declare itself on the question. If this motion is carried the next quostion that comes on for discussion is Mr. Hard's motion, of which ho has already given duo notice, which is to tho follow ing effect:-" That this Union advocato a system of froo, secular, and compulsory education." It is thought that an amondmont will bo moved on this motion to the effect that tho Union advocate tho rotoutiou of tho present Public Schools Act. Tho dobate is likely to bo a warm, and, possibly, a pro tracted ono. Tho following list is a continuation of tho wills and probates granted by the Supremo Court in May : Samuol Shaw, lato of Park-stroet, Sydney, tinsmith ; by petition and probate May 29 ; goods sworn under ¿81000. Martin Curran, lato of Wagga ; by petition erran ted May 29 to creditors; goods sworn under ¿6700. diarios Eobort Mackintosh, of Yass, bank manager; by potition granted to deceaBod's wife May 29 ; goods sworn under ¿81000. Mary Murgatroyd, of Oxford- street, Sydney, spinster ; by act of court granted Juno 4 to Eliza both Stratton ; goods sworn undor ¿G900. Allon Noild, of Argylo-stroot, Sydnoy, commission agent; by act of court grunted J uno i to Eliza Neild ; goods sworn uuder J23O00. William Mooro, of Ituby ; by act of court granted Juno 2 to Carolino Mooro; goods sworn undor ¿619,000. Ivie Campbell Sloan, of Corimbla ; by act of court granted Juno 13; goods sworn under ¿82000; Joseph Nowell, of lîothero, grazior ; by act of court granted to Mary Ann Nowell and Thomas Newell Juno 25; goods sworn under ¿E3000. Thomas Williams, luto ol' Parramatta'; by petition granted .limo 30 to Thomas Hunt Williams and Ephraim Williams; goods sworn undor .-£10,01)0. Joseph llitchie, ol' Wollongong, farmer ; by petition granted Juno 30 to lvoiiort i'itcbio, brother ol' de ceased ; irooils «worn under ¿C2Ó0D. .Edward liussell, of Adaminaby, labourer ; by petition granted July 2 to Mark Noonan, a great nephew of deceased ; goods sworn under ¿81000. James Spring, of Castlereagh-street, baker ; by peti- tion granted July 3 to Jane Spring ; goods sworn under "8 Pounds 3000. Henry Andrew Palmer, of Petersham, clerk in holy orders ; by act ol' court grunted Juno 24 ; goods sworn under ¿L'1200. William D.i.rko, of Surry J fills, publican ; by petition granted July 1 lo tho widow ol' deceased ; goods sworn undor ¿C15HO. Jonuthíiu Piper, of Brisbane Water, shipbuilder : by politiuu granted July 1 to Ann Piper, widow ol' deceased; goods sworn under ¿81000. George Watson Telford, of Grogan, grazier ; by petitiou grunted July 3 to Robert Telford : goods'sworn undor .£1500. 