MISCELLANEOUS. Spring is now fairly set in, and, so far, the season promises to be an early and productive one, both in fruit and cereal crops.—Mrs Tatham, wife of the well known legal manager of Ballarat, and one of the earliest residents, died on the 2nd September, aged sixty-six years.—Thos. B. Holt, late a clerk in the em ploy of lifessra Powers, Rutherford, and Cos., stock agents, of Ballarat, has been sentenced to fourteen days’ imprisonment for larceny,— 'fhe Rev. Mr Kildahl, of St. Paul’s Anglican Church, Ballarat Eaat, has instituted classes for the religious instruction-of the young after the usual school hours. The classes are well attended.—Miss Bosina Carandini has been giving a seriea of-very successful subscription concerts : in Ballarat.—D'Alfid’a “Froliquea"have appeared at the Academy of Music, The company was a very poor one.—The- Champion Sheep Show was a great suooess this year, but the sales following were hot very .-large.!—Mr Isaac Jonas, the enterprising caterer of the Earl of Zetland hotel and sixpenny diningrooms, has started in the “ghost” line : A la Professor Pepper.—: The Rev. Colin Campbell, of Ballan, ; has been ap pointed to All Saints’ Anglican Church, Ballarat.—■ The Geelong and Ballarat Football Clubs played a match at Ballarat on 6th September, in presence of 3000 spectators, Geelong scoring five goals to Balla rat's one.—Master Albertl?. Martin, of Ballarat, an apprentice of Mr Macgowan, chemist, stands at the bead of the list amongst those who passed in their pre liminary examination in pharmacy during the month. —The Sunday opening of the Mechanics’ Institute feadjgg-room continues very popular with members.— Lai Lai lignite, ighfed with an equal quantity of coaly is being largely atjd sqogeesfnlly qsed on the Victoriah railways,—Avery sudden death occurred at the Bridge' Bridge street, on the” IQth September. A man P a oaed Thos. Pascoe went . to the, hotel to take up his quarters. He retired to Ifis foom, laid down oil the sofa, and was found dead an h the heart was the caifee qf qeqtfe—At Ercildoune, Sir Samuel Wilson’s fiah-hatohihg .experiujcqfe Jjeen very successful with sea trout and brown trout.—l>f W. P, Whitcombo, of Ballarat, is carrying bn private fish-hatching arrangements in the vicinity of the Warresheip distillery,:—Mr J. L- Hall's ffocqody £fen)- pany has’been playing Byron’s comedies with marked success at the Academy of Ifhaic. —Avery well known and greatly respected identity of Raiferqt, M r Hy- Schmeding, batter known as “Dutch Jlarj-y,'’ has ?ucr cumbed to the disease from_wbiaU he has bpeq bed ridden for about fourteen years—rheumatic gout. Notwithstanding bis bodily afflictions, Mr Schmeding maintaine.J bis cental faculties' to the last, and his death is regretted by e very J(jrge circle of friends.— The drainage of the Sebastopol, fe still an unsettled question,-public opinion • being very-much divided buCjyeen the tunnel and the pumping schemes respectively.—ft has Jfeqi} decided to abolish prison • labor at Lake Wendouree, is that works In contemplation, andmuoh needeqharq'bqiiig c|el layed.—Mr Wo)- Bard well, of Bardwell and Beau champ, photographic grtfefe,. has been; compelled to assign bis estate, for j the benefit fif hi? Sreditors.— Madame Sibly has been lecturing oh phrenology and inesnjeris!# to poor houses in" Ballarat—Mr.' E. . Cowderoy, lafejy S,hi e f clerk in the goods, department of the Victorian railways bt Ballarat, has been pro moted to another station, ,aj?4 ib |pay}ng Ballarat has been testimonialised by his friends.—lt is rumored that a. second evening paper is 'about to bo started in . Ballarat .in, it is .reported, the Berry iuterost.-=Several' prosecutions for illicit grog selling have been instituted during the month throughout the Ballarat district, and §nes from £25 to £5O have been imposed.—Gagran’s hotel, at Boars.- dale, a large building, l>a« been i destroyed by fire.—r Mr Samuel Figgis,. the secretary of the Ballarat Gas Company, died at his residence, Rehoboth, Soldiers Hill, on the 16th September. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for some time past from pneumonia. Mr. Figgis, who was sixty-six years of age, was a very old resident qt Ballarat, and became secretary of the Gas Company on the death Mr Binstead, subse- quently assuming the management well, on the removal of Mr H. Jones, the then manager, to another sr colony.-=-Tho Western. Meat Preserving Company is about to commence preserving tomatoes in tins on the American .principle,—4- very heavy casting has been turned out at the Union }?'oundfy fqr fife pump ing machinery of the Duke Company, Timor. It consisted of a gudgeon to weigh 4 tons, end took 1 4 tons .of. molfpj) metal in ‘the casting; which proved very successful. Thc’djameier of the two plummet blocks on which the gudgeons will work is 15 inches, • and each will weigh 23 cwt. The ejjgjcp which works this ponderous machinery has an gO-incfe cylinder, aud the total weight -of iron appertaining id flap pumping gear is 60 tons. Mr Millikin, of Sandhurst, was the -designing engineer.—The total receipts from the Cornish Relief J?uud subscriptions in Ballarat amount to £782 17a 6d.—Rob Roy, the Australian giant, weighing 30 stone, has been holding levees jn Ballarat.-=-4 womsfl pamed Ellen O’Gonribr, residing in York street, Ballarat gasfe raptured a blood-vessel on the 21st September, and died fu q few seconds after the accident.—The survey pf the Una from Ballarat to Linton is nearly com pleted. Tlje question of the removal of the engine repairing cfeeda from the Lydiard street ; terminus" to Ballarat Bast baa pot yet been settled.— Mr W. L- Jones, an old and reapected tffejnber of the Ballarat Mining Board, wa's thrown from Kfe horse oil the 20th September, on life way home to his residence ttt Creswick/and was killed. ' His body was found; by hfe friends during the same night as that op which the accident' occurred.—A nugget weighing 8 lb ba? been found at Browne diggings.—Heavy machinery is -row being- carted fropa Baßarat to . various mining centres near lines of rail jn preference to railway . transport,- a a the cost is mnch less by rqaif,—/The Ballarat Boot Manufactory Company’s affairs are tq be wound ..up at once,'as the industry does' not pay: . working expenses after > fafr trial, and under :the mostp economic management :: Lake Learmohth ra 'mamßTeiylowy thh Uip rafny eettson haying M«ji tj. add'tAth’eslookof'water.—The cereal cropinthe. Ballarat’ district- r is ; mbre Iree'frbm grub this season! thatThaa beea.the.oaae.fpr years past^The' 11 Jumps” j mining case ’is yet settled. 1 'A! new trial faasfustl been < opened.—The trout angling season is fairly I -opened f and- soma very good l baskets have been-made | at tbe.MooraboDl; by Ballarat anglers.—'The, Jika Jikaj Reformatory boys are’ ’ to., be , transferred ,to the late I ■ Industrial , • school : building 'at -Wendouree.'—John I Hughes, 7 a' mmer of thirty: years’ standing, 'has beenj hilled at 'the 'Quarry shaft btthe,Egerton, Company,| "at'Egerton.'—He-mißEed hia footiog when getting on! the cage at the No. 4 level, and fell a distance of 400 j Jaet.=)iLdead.bodyj)f a infant has j bean found in a.waterhole near the rifle. butts, r ßal-| larat East, and a newly-married woman named Jones | has beenarrested on snspiciohVbf being the mother.—; The Anglican Biahopof'Ballarat has spoken strongly! 'against the secular provisions of the present’ Educa- i tion C. C. Shoppes, the defeated candidate! for the central ward of the city, has been presented with a: handsome and very valuable testimonial of silver-plate by hia frienda and supporters.—Over 3500 oz of gold, | the produce of a month’s work by small bo-opshative mining companies in Ballarat, were displayed' int one | lot at KronGeid’s, the gold-broker’s, during the mqnth, | —The Lydiard street: frontages of. the. Government; blocks of land, comprising the once famous Camp,’ are to be again offered under the hammer:,at" £l los 1 per foot.. :The original upset figure was j£2o per foot.; —The Ballarat coachbuilders’ employees are agitating) for!the eight-hours systeqj’ to- he extended to the: trade.—The shares iu the qewlytstartbd i)ovetqn street.Wp.ollen hfauufacturing Company, Soldiers Hill,; are said to be going oif well.—The yachting and row:; ing season was formally inaugurated fay a procession; of yachts, rowing boats,-and three steamers on'Lake Wendouree on the 27th September.—The Ballarat: Water Commission is busily engaged with its solicitor in . making arrangements to meet the demand of! the. Government to pay up principal and interest due { upon the . waterworks loan. The business: is being! !dnne'fa'goqqltt)i% aqd tfa? PfibJiq Vb therefore'qn : : award pf 'how matters are progressing.—A little hoy! named Bell, sofa of ifae head teacher ,at the Illabarook State sbhool. has died from the effects of the bite of ai centipede.—hatters pontaiqiqg rqonoy posted to and! at the Ballarat Post-offloa have been in many bases | , stolen during the month, r The detectives are,, so far,' unable to ascertain at what offioa the letters are mis appropriated, or in what manner the pilfering is car*, ried mi.—The Church of England- Assembly for the) diocese of Ballarat has been convened for the 18th; Novernfaer, when!some !important''business will come; on ’ for discussion, .. Amongst qibpr - tq he i "broAght before the Assembly will be one dealing with ■ the question of religious instruction in State schools.' —The drainage of Webster street and the foul; exhalations from the sewer near the Royal terrace; continue to exercise the minds of City councillors.; The stench in the neighborhood is so great that good houses.remain, tenantless, and others are threatened’ with being vacated before the summer's heat sets in. Maria Jenkins, wife of the stationmaster late of Elaine, on the Ballarat and Geelong railway, has been sent to gaol as a disorderly female. Her husband was sentenced to five years some time ago for embezzlement, and her children, four in number, have been sent to an industrial school.—Miss“Tiuey~ Gough,' a ; Ballprat young lady.has written a: play called . Hallows Eve, 1 ' which has ' been produced at-iho’ Abademy of .Music with! th 9 authoress iq the leading! rile. The effort has been fairly well spoken of as a| firat attempt. It was received by a crowded house.—! The whole of the forest reservoirs are now fillip and; the by-washes are overflowing.—A sixpenny line "of: carryalls has been started from Ballarat to the village) of Gong Gong.—Mr Edward Murphy, a well-known; and respected mining man and battery-owner in; Baliarst-East, faas h"n presented .vyitli -a: :valuablo ; testimonial by his friends.—The literary association] in connection with the City Free Library has been, started, and a course of lectures and discussions has: bpgn entered upon.—A hurling match has taken place; at-RussellSquare bptweeu the- gallarat and Stawell clubs, in which the. latter sustained overwhelming: defeat.—Bridges’Art Union is not yet drawn! 'At a: public meeting of subscribers it was unanimously; resolved that the drawing take place, tickets sold or) not, on the 29th October.—A man named Taylor, hpown as the Buninyong barber, and residing at.the: village named, attempted to cut his throat on the 28th September, while'the family were at chqroh.b lies! in the Hospital in a very dangerous condition.—Mr James rSwan, : a very old resident of Ballarat East,! has died during the'month.—Mr John Qrenuo, a! miner and small fqnqer, residing at fijebastopo!, was) killed on 30th September by falling down a blind shaft on his property. 