(fbom yesterday's papers.) The Assembly plunged into the debate on the Reform Bill so soon as it met yesterday, and for the first time the discussion was worthy of the occasion and the subject. The speakera were Messrs. Pearson and Gillies. Other hon. mem- bers were ready to follow, but an adjournment of the debate was moved by Major Smith at half-past 9 o'clock, in order that the tariff might be taken, and in doing so the hon. gentleman explained that as a call of the House would be made on Thursday, the 25th September, the second reading would not be taken until then, and hon. members would have ample opportuni ties of addressing themselves to the subject. Professor Pearson's speech took the House to a great ertent by surprise, for it was of a nature that caused the cheers to come principally from the Opposition side. The main use of the present bill he considered would be that it would lead to some reasonable proposal for a compromise from the Second Chamber. Some amusement had been caused on a previous evening by tbe quotation of a passage from the Professor's speech of last session highly con demnatory of Upper Houses. The hon. mem ber now said that he adhered to these views, and the reason he gave for believing that the Government proposal would result .in failure — would call a thoroughly obstructive and irre sponsible body into existence — was very approv ingly reeeived by members to the left of the Speaker. Tbe plebiscite is a hobby with Professor Pearson, and he believes that though English statesmen do not like it, they would not object to a . Reform Bill coming from the people of Victoria alone. At the same time, the hon. gentleman— apparently unconscious of the paradox — went on to say that it would be in advisable to apply tbe plebiscite to money Bills because during the excitement consequent upon some Mississippi scheme or South Sea bubble, irreparable mischief might be done. The hon. member concluded by an appeal to the House not to seek party objects, but to lay the ghost of reform, and he sat down amid a solemn si lence -on his own side, though some cheers came from tbe corners. Mr. Gillies made an effec tive debating speech. Hie criticism and the attitude of the Opposition last session were, he contended, justified by the fact that the Government had abandoned their first bill, and substituted another of a very different character. The new bilL Mr. Gillies says, has broken down already, for with the sixth clause taken out there is nothing whatever in it to prevent dead- locks. The hon. member quoted from Mr. Berry's memo, to the Governor after tbe abortive conference of last year, in which Mr. Berry declares that he has offered the Norwegian scheme, a reduction of the franchise, and the dissolution of the two Houses, and has made the offer in vain. Mr. Gillies says that Mr. Berry, having advanced his foot so .far, should not withdraw it. On this basis, and on this basis alone, is reform pos sible. Mr. Gillies kept the attention of a full House for nearly two hours and a half, and the hon. member was rewarded bv his nartv with warm applause. . aw wum j/iuivmus v» mis uvcwjiiusuii were further dealt with yesterday evening, and the items blankets and boots were disposed of. The increased duty on blankets was carried by a ma jority of 40 to 24. On the boot and shoe issue ' an animated discussion took place, and the Min isterial majority was considerably reduced. The Chief Secretary mentioned yesterday, in reply to Mr. Francis, that the intention of an adjournment of the Assembly for tbe opening of the Sydney Exhibition had been reluctantly abandoned by the Government. " The House, said Mr. Berry, " would wish the sister colony every hiccess with the Exhibition, and at a future time — when public business was further advanced— he trusted he would be able to pro pose a short recess." 