THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16th, 1879. Owing to a press of advertisements, .and general reading matter, we hold over the leading article. llcuter telegraphs that a declared com munist has been elected a member of the Paris Municipal Council. _ The Turkish army is being disbanded. It will be seen by our Parliamentary report that Sir Charles Siaden has abandoned ~ bis Reform Bill, which, at the request of the Council, has been taken up by the hon. Mr Cuthbert. It was advanced a stage in Com mittee yesterday. In" Committee of Supply, last night, all the naval estimates were passed, amounting to £37,215. The Mnnicipalities Endowment vote, £145,000, also passed the House. In the Assembly, yesterday, Sir John O'Slianassy presented _a petition against the Stock Tax, signed by a large number of per sons in Melbourne. The judging of the wines, ales and porter, and cordials to be shown at the Spring Ex hibition was finished yesterday, and the names of the prize takers will be found in i another column. * Messrs R. Goldsbrough and Co. held their, first wool sale of the season yesterday, when 2120 bales and 117 sacks of wool wore sub mitted for public competition. Greasy wool brought from lOd to 12Jd. The Electric Telegraph OJfico at Shepparton is now open for business. A tour of inspection of tho borough of Geelong West' was made yesterday by the members of the Council, with the view of ascertaining the various wants of the bur gesses. It was decided that the engineer should prepare a report and an estimate of carrying out forty necessary works. After tho inspection, tho members were entertained at dinner by the Mayor, Cr. Donaghy, in tho Town Hall, a report of which will be found in another column. One of tho most attractive features of the forthcoming Geelong Exhibition will be an unnBUally large aud valuable collection of natural curiosities, the property of Mr Smith, postmaster, of Batesford. Wc doubt j if any other private person in these colonies has a collection at' all equal to" it. It com- ' prises rare specimens of fish, birds, reptiles, insects', and minerals, and eggs of every kind. His collection of native Australian weapons i is larger and more interesting than that of the National Mnsonm. To exhibit properly the wholoof this magnificent collection'will require considerable space, which it will bo difficult, no doubt, to allot, in view of the de mands that are being made for it. It is to I be hoped, however, that no effort will be spared to enable Mr Smith to gratify the public with an inspection of his complete museum at the forthcoming Geelo'ng Exhibi tion, and that he will be suitably rotvarded | for the trouble and oxpense he will incur in j doing so. The ship British Nation has now over \ 4000 bales of wool on board, and she will be despatched for London in a fortnight's time. The Ben Cruaclian has just commenced taking in cargo, and has already 400 bales stowed away. This ship will leave about the 10th November, in ample time for the February sales. . Much annoyance is being caused in coun try districts to owners of sheep by the ravages of wandering dogs. Complaints are also made by tho farmers in the neighbor hood of Geelong with respect to losses similarly sustained, and the dog nuisance is becoming as rife as that ascribed to the goats within. the town boundaries. The latest sufferer by 'the wandering grey hound dogs which infest the country is Mr J. H. Matthews, of Glenmore farm, on the Point Henry road. The other morniDg three greyhounds got amongst. a flock of his sheep and worried* several of the animals to death.' The' hounds, when chased,;, made off in the direction of -the Breakwater, and now Mr - Mat thews has determined tq destroy the dogs with poisoned meat. A short time since, Mr Matthews was disturbed early in the morning by the bleating of his sheep, and on going to ascertain the cause of the com motion, he found a dog worrying the animals. Withont more ado, Mr Matthews shot the dog, and we understand that his right to do so is to be tested by an action in the County Court. " - A few days since a fire was narrowly prevented from occurring in one of the drapery establishments. The presence of smoke inside the show window was accident ally discovered, and; it was found that some woollen goods were on fire. The smoulder ing fire was speedily extinguished, and it was ascertained afterwards that the sun shining through one of the windows had been the cause of setting fire to the goods. A man named William Jones was charged at the Police Court yesterday, before Mr Heron, P.M., and Messrs Brown and Brady, Js.P., with lunacy. The cose was adjourned from last week, in consequence of the doc tors being unable to come to any decision as to the man's state of mind. It will be remembered that Jones was arrested by the constable stationed at Sbelford, in conse quence of his stating that he was "The King of kings, and Lord of lords," and other such wild things, and also trying to throw himself into a furnace. He was then re manded to the Hospital for treatment, and he has'so far recovered that Drs. Pincott and Carstairs yesterday desired a farther remand for a week, by which time it, is hoped the man may he totally cured. A small debt summons, and a case iu which a master summoned a domestic servant for leaving without giving proper notice, and obtained a reduction in the wages due to her, were the only other oases before the Bench. At the Police Court on Tuesday a woman named Ann Erskine, charged with vagrancy, stated, iu order to disprove the charge, that she was in the habit of receiving assistance from the Ladies' Benevolent Association. As the woman's name had appeared in the Police Court records upwards of thirty times as a defendant to such charges as those of drunkenness and vagrancy, this would ap pear to imply that the Association's affairs were not conducted with that care which should be exercised. We accordingly caused enquiries to be instituted, and found that the woman's name is totally unknown to most of the members of the committee, and that it was never on the list of recipients of monetary assistance." His Honor Judge Noel has fixed Monday, 1st December, as the date on which he will bear applications under the Insolvency Statute. The charge of arson preferred against Mr P. J. Smith, State school teacher, of Harrow (and formerly of Geeloug), was investigated at tho Hamilton Assize Court on Monday, before his Honor Mr Justice Barry. This case was referred to at length in our columns at the time of the inquest, and the facts are briefly these:—On August 7th the Pres byterian Church at Harrow, was burnt to the ground, and the prisoner, by certain admissions made to different persons, and also by his presence, being ■ seen first near the fire, was Buspeeted of committing the crime. He was under the influence of drink ae the time. He, however, was the first to give the alarm; and it was elicited at the trial that there were monetary and other differences between him and some of the principal witnesses for the Crown. Smith, who was defended by Mr Moles worth, was acquitted, and the ver dict was received in court with suppressed cheers. The prisoner, who seemed fully ' to realise his position, said that on the occa sion of the fire he had been drinking heavily during the day, and as a matter of course was intoxicated. He left Egan • (men-. tioned in the evidence, hut not called by the Crown as a witness) abont 2 or 3 o'clock, and then saw the fire. On coming near the build ing he observed it on fire, but never saw it ignited. He (the prisoner) eould not have the slightest motive for committing such an act as he was charged with; indeed, he rather had a kindly feeling of old association in con nection with the church. He gave the alarm as he passed, calling out at each place. He believed the witnesses had misunderstood his statements, whether purposely or not he could not say, but what he observed was, No matter what would happen, ho" would not seo Morley's house burnt." He stood there an innocent, injured man, and solemnly declared that he had nothing whatever to do with the crime wherewith he was charged. I Mr Smith has been a State school teacher for 11 years, and is well-known to many resi- j dents of Geelong. I The twenty-fifth anniversary of the start ing of the Age newspaper is to be celebrated to-morrow at Gonstler's Cafe, Melbourne. The committee of the "Victorian Kaoing Clnb have decided that the penalty to be carried by Sweetmeat in the Melbourne Cup shall be 51b. Out of a total Of 17,691 children between the ages of five and fourteen, Jiving within the boundaries of the city of Sydney, 3298 do not attend any school. The iSydney Evening News says that Secnu dus will run in the Melbourne Cup with about forty thousand pounds on his back, and it asks, "Is the weight too heavy?" The Cape weed is spreading extensively in the Shire of Camperdown. It has now invaded the streets of the township. Tho Chronicle recommends its immediate eradica tion, to avoid future trouble. The Colae Jlei'ormer hears that a number of gentlemen interested iu the Western District would be willing to start a woollen factory in that township at the east end of the Lake, if the Government would agree to admit the machinery free of duty. The whaling trado from the port of Hobart Town is reported to be reviving. Two ves sels have jnst returned, one with thirteen and the other with seventy- three tons of oil. The latter was only out eight months. G. E. Lugston, the brother of the owner of the steamer Shannon, was drowned in the anabranch on Tuesday last, two hours after leaving Weutworth, through falling over board. . At Wagga Wagga, on Tuesday, twenty seven thousand wethers were disposed of at a high figure to M'Cawand Co., Burrabogio, on behalf of the trustees of the late Peter | Tyson, of Hay. At Yarrawonga on Saturday last an old man named James M'Nalley was drowned | whilst attempting to s wim across the lagoon from the punt to Belmore-street, while in a state bordering on insanity from the effects of drink. The Rev. Duncan Fraser and Mrs Fraser, on the occasion of the twenty-fifth anni- versary of their marriage on Monday last, were presented by the ladies of the congre- gation at Northcote with a handsome tea and coffee service. The body of a man named William Creber, a recent arrival from England, has been fouud floating in Sydney Cove. Half a brick and a quantity of bluestone metal weighing ten pounds were found in his pockets. The deceased was a seaman on board the La Hogne. Some old identities have recently been dying in Tasmania, one at Newtown, aged 85, nained John Phillips, and another, Titus Too good, of Hobart Town, at the still riper age of 88. The latter was a colonist of 36 years, standing He had 10 children, GO grandchil dren, and 24 great grandchildren. Latest accounts from Amherst state that Constable Monks is progressing satisfactorily. The ballet was removed from his leg on Saturday, and since that day be has made considerable progress. It is expected that it will be about a month before he will he able to resume dnty. At the Collingwood Court on Tuesday, William Bloss, driver of the coach running between Merriang and Melbourne, was sum moned by a Chinaman named Lee Sing, for an assault. The prosecutor was walking along the Heidelberg road on the 7th inst., when the defendant, who was driving past at the time, struck him on the neck with his whip. The Bench fined the defendant 20s, with 15s costs. At the assizes Hamilton at on Tuesday be fore Mr Justice Barry, Samuel Taylor, charged with selling sheep and wool after having mortgaged the same, was acquitted. James Gilding, who pleaded guilty to em- bezzling moneys entrusted to him as post master at Lake Mundi,' was sentenced to three yeara'imprisonment. In the midst of the party warfare in New Zealand the Treasurer of the new Govern ment has been allowed to make a financial statement. He showed that while tho finan- cial year had been begun, under the Grey regime, with £116,000, a considerable defi- ciency has now to be faced. It is proposed to meet the difficulty by the temporary issue of " deficiency bills " for £200,000. The Camperdown Chronicle states em- phatically that Mr Thomas Sbaw intends contesting the representation of Ripon and Hampden in the Assembly, at the next general election, and denies the truth of the rumor that he contemplated transferring his attentions to Villiers and Heytesbury. A Benalla telegram to last night's Herald states :--"Thereare various movements going on here among the police, and rumors re the Kellys are prevalent, but nothing authentic can at present be gleaned. Nearly a score of well known Kelly sympathisers have been in Benalla this week, and have met in various places to compare notes. The members of the garrison corps are, I believe, being moved about the district." A Corowa telegram to the Argus says that the wool is rapidly coming in from the back country. The opening of the branch line from the Springs to Wahgunyah has diverted a large amount of wool traffic which previ- ously went vid Albury. The local returns show that the total exceeds that of the corresponding date last season by 4000 bales. Nearly 2000 bales passed over the bridge at Wahgunyah during Monday and Tuesday. Mr G. G. Morton, of Labona, referring to his proposition that benches of magistrates should be empowered to deal with bills of exchange, cheques, and other cases up to £50, says that it is his intention to bring the matter under the notice of the benches of magistratesand agricultural societies through out the colony, with the view of induciug them to join him in a memorial to the Go- vernment upon tho subject. A woman narrowly escaped being ruu over on Tuesday by a train from Melbourne to Williamstowu, through lier perversencss in remaining on the line until the engine was within 100 yards of her. Fortunately the carriages were fitted with Woods' brake, which was put on when the engine was about eighty yards off, aud the train was brought to a dead standstill only a yard or so from the woman. A man named William Clarke was ad mitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday last with his throat cut. Clarke, who is a carpenter, was taken to the Adelaide Police Station on the previous evening on a charge of drunkenness, and locked up. It appears thai, he had a razor in a pocket of his trousers, which wna nvorlnolcod by the con- stable, and with it he iullicted the wound. There are hopes of his recovery. TIio following are Age cablegrams from London, dated Monday last " The Ghil zais, a powerful Afghan tribe, are giving some trouble by blocking the passes between Cabul and Jcllalabad. Operations will be immediately commenced against tbem, in order to prevent the communications of the British army now iu possession of Cabul beiDg disturbed.—Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Edinburgh has been confined pre- maturely of a stillborn child." The Sydney Echo writes :—French, Aus trian, and English petty officers dined to gether last eveniug on board the Rhin! Perhaps the grandfathers of these fine fellows met each other sword to sword at Austerlitz, Jena, or -Waterloo, and, if the spiritualistic theory be well founded, the ghosts of the old boys might have looked down with a grim smile last night upon their descendants wielding in a furious rivalry the homely knife and fork. We bet on the Britons as trenchermen. At tho meeting of the Ballarat City Board of Advice on Monday, Mr Whitehead (says the Courier) called attention to the extra- ordinary statement made by the Rev. Joseph Walker an the City Hall on Saturday, re- lative to the application made to the board | by a deputation of ministers in October, 1877, and thought that the board should call upon him to substantiate his remarks ; but the majority of the hoard were of opinion that such reckless statements, made by one who was not present at the interview, were hardly worth notice. At the Corowa police court on Tuesday a man named Jeffery created a scene after a verdict in a debt case being recorded against him. Before paying the amount (says an Argus telegram), he told the Bench that the verdict was " the biggest swindle ever per- petrated." He was immediately ordered into custody, but expressed his regret, and was liberated. He then handed a cheque to the Bench in liquidation of the verdict, upon which was written, " Pay swindle or bearer." This was considered an aggravation of the previous insult, and the man was sentenced to 24 hours in the lockup for contempt of court. An occasional correspondent writes "I had occasion to pass through Lismore tho other day. It is situated iu nice country, and is surrounded by some magnificent grass land. The sheep and cattle are in splendid condition, and the shearing of the former is likely to result very profitably to the owners. Wild turkeys are numerous, and some good sport on horseback is obtained with "them." It may interest some of your readers to learn that Mr W. J. Duncan, until recently a partner in the firm of Ban- nister, Duncan, and Co. (now Bannister and Co.), wine merchants, of Geelong, has taken the White Swan Hotel, at Lismore, and is sanguine of doing a good business." Gratifying proofs (writes the Argus) of the growing appreciation of colonial wines con tinue to bo received by our vignerons. Tho proprietors of the St. Hubert's vineyard, Lillydale, have just received fresh orders from Germany and India, in which flattering testimony is borne to the excellence of the Victorian wines. A gentleman, writing from Dresden, Germany, states that he has tasted no wine equal to the St. Hubert, five-year-old still champagne. Another gentleman, writing from Fort St. George, Madras, states that the- St. Hubert Red Hermitage, or Australian claret, is consi dered far better and cheaper than any Bur- gundy that could be obtained in Madras, and he predicts a great field in India for Australian wines. The annual meeting of tho Ballarat Li- censod Victuallers' Association was held on Tuesday evening. A clause in tho report says :—" The annual marine excursion has become very popular in connection with the association, the last proving a most enjoyable and successful affair, leaving a creditcbalance {after paying all expenses, including bonus to secretary and donations to the four chari ties) of £59 5s. These annual reunions will, in the opinion of the committee, continuo to prove of increasing value." The statement of receipts aud expenditure showed tho re- ceipts to be from all sources, including sub- scriptions and profit on the late picnic, £125 19s 8d, and tho expenditure £102 9s 2d, leaving a balance iu band of £23 1Q3 Gd. The auditors reported all correct. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr Donald Cameron, M.L.A., has signed the report of the Closed Roads Commission as a whole; bat (adds the Argus) he has put on record his dissent {rom the mo3t important of the recommendations. He thinks it un- fair to expect landowners to erect fences parallel to tortnons rivers, whore they would be liable to be swept away by floods, and in such cases ho thinks it sufficient to preserve the right of thoroughfare. As to closed roads generally, Mr Cameron contends that the present system has grown np with the tacit consent of the state, and that a five years' notice should be given, the law to direct that one-fifth of the roads should be fenced in aunually, and selectors should be allowed six years before opening their roads. A young woman named Johanna Keifling has been masquerading in male attire in Queensland. On Friday last, in company with a bushman, she stayed, at the Royal Hotel, Rockhampton, the two occupying single beds in a room with another man. The landlady's suspicions beiug aroused, the police were communicated with on Saturday, and investigation elicited the fact that the supposed young man was a woman. Reifling stated that she had worn male clothing for three years, and had worked as a man in the bush, and that her mate had never sus- pected her sex. She was provided with female clothing, and discharged. This case following so closely on the De Lacy Evans' business, the curious may be interested in knowing that the hotel mentioned is kept by a man named Evans. In a circular letter, which has been sent to the inspectors of mines throughout the colony, it is notified that on and after the 1st December next, compliance with general rule x., section 6, of the Regulation of Mines Statute 1877 will be enforced. The rulo in question is as follows " Every working shaft in which a cage is used, and every di- vision of such shaft in which persons are raised, shall, if exceeding 50 yards in depth, be provided with guides and some proper means of communicating distinct and defi- nite signals from the bottom of the shaft, and-from every entrance for the time being in work between the top and the bottom of the shaft, to tho top and thence to the engine-room, and from the engine-room and top to the bottom of the shaft, and to every entrance for the time being in work between the top and the bottom of the shaft." Daring the hearing of the arson case at the Assize Court (says the Hamilton Spectator) on Monday, the names of a Mrs Daggar, and a great number of other Daggars—fathers, brothers, sisters, cousius, and aunts—were repeatedly cropping up. So great was the confusion arising out of the fact that so many of the witnesses bore thesame surname, that at last his Honor Judge Barry, in a moment of incertitude as to which of them was before the court, expressed his desire to establish the identity by exclaiming with Macbeth— " Is this a dagger which I see before me, The handle towards my hand 'I Come, let me clutch thee !" whereat the bar, jurors, witnesses, and court generally were convulsed with laughter. Mr George Mercer has on sale a capital contrivance in inkstands. It is so con- structed that every drop of ink can be used without tipping it. It may be upset and turned over without spilling. The shape and construction of the bottom renders it impossible to spoil the point of any pen, and it may be easily cleaned. We have received Young Victoria, a journal of the Scotch College, Melbourne. It contains some interesting school articles, and the names of the College pupils since 1858. The Sports Committee of the Football Fete have been requested to extend the time for receiving entries for the sports, to be held at the Racecourse on Saturday next, to this evening, at 8 o'clock. A large number of entries have been received, bntas some of the members have evidently for gotten the time, and the committee being anxious to obtain good fields forevery event, they have decided to make the extension. The annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club will be held at the Victoria . Hotel at four o'clock this afternoon. A meeting will be held at the Argyle Hotel this evening to form a cricket club. 