The Chinese Question in California. (ntOU AN OCCASIONAL C0EEESPONDENT.) San Pbakcisco, NovemberTO. Maitt Btibjecte and dangers excite the solicitude and claim theattention oi the Amerioangovernment. Com- - muniBtn, BociaUsm, republicanism, democratism, and nationalism are all brewing like beer in a keg, but . Chinamanism is the most complex and dangerous ism that threatens the peace and quiet of the Occident. II laa unsettled the political tranqniiity of tbe entire pacific co&kt.; AlviAnri na.rt.iaa ^innnifiui iu»1 nnnf inta obsenrity long reigning policies, while the state government of California has changed hands and a remodelling of the state constitution attempted, and a general conflict of public opinion prevails. In the early days of '49, when gold waa discovered . at Sntter's MUlrace, in the foot-hilln of theSierras(, a general migration took place insall corners of the' -world; and venturous spirits, of all nationalities, crossed the seas, and were reinforced by the yeoi non bom all the States ebretching from Florida Key p to the Palla of Niagara, who came climbing- over the mountains and threading every scalable pass in the tacky Ranges, to the new £1 Dorado of the wet*. In that motley congregation of nations a few China men came and cast in their lot. The industryof these Celestials, and their willing readiness to work ' berry cheap,' brought them into great demand. .A sufficient number of white workmen had do in clination to leave their fire sides ' in the States,' plod over the vast plains, cross thirsty deserts, and endure the privations of so long and perilous a journey with the chances of being starved or eaten, up by bears, — to supply the demand for labour in developing the mines. Every man wob a miner ; evftry one was for himself. The Chinese fitted in as labourers like a tube into a cup. Their cheap labovir was utilised by the roving gold-hunter. The demand grew apace, messages were promptly despatched' to their cronies in the flowery kingdom, to lose no 'time in appearing la this land of promise, where, It tJje woods were not flowing in milk and wild honey, they wore flowing with streams bottomed in goW. The Celestials needed but little persuasion to set their bungalows in order, and come., Ships brought over Bwarms of grinning Mongolian s by every wind, who dispersed themselves in every direction over tie country, and 'still they cam* j,' until it waa wondered how many people China contained, and the realisation of the possibility of tho Pacific coast being overrun with Chinese, dawned npori the unwilling minds el the people, and many prudent men Skid Btop, but th a masses unheeded the ahum, and no measures vrer s taken to stom this torrent of oriental immizration, and Pekin and Shanghai continued to pour into Cali fornia its hordes of indiscriminate and unre stricted inhabitants. Tbe mom audacious thieves, and gangs of cut- throatsti Bliilful burclara, criminals, trained in the 'hotbbds oi° crime in the Oriental cities, of every dye and shade, their cunning intellects Uuti tlwbloped, cauio w.'th the industrious end diligent, and begun their career of pilfering ; sluice-box robbeiy and stealing was of nightly occurrence. But it,,- must bo said to the crodit of lbs greater proportion -~/f Celestials that they w'firo industrious and patient toilers iu the gokitioi js, ma»iy o£ wiiom worked all day -and stole all night. When the gold fovor B'bsided, aud the surface-. dig(?injjs wore worked out, many of the minors were exercised not only to know what to do irith the claims but with tliemeelveB. .They lookeol abroad over the fertile vallero nnd Baw that it was a foodly land, and thought it should bs tilloil The rich plains were brought under cultivation, aud whe.it fields pproad their tfreea riquareo over tbe level valleys. Grand mansions rose in every diiteolion; orchards covered many hillsides where liithorto tiie wild nuail had piped his nong - the cayote, the sad foi-, arid the wolf roamed undisturbed. Tho Chinese were ngaiu utilised. The rvhisr.t fluids end vineyards proved to be aa profitable, it' xiot more permanent bonanzas, than the goldiields. Citlaa sprang up. The roving population collected in uiusEun, and mottled themuolves. The Cliinamen huddled themselves togcthnr in dens and rookories in every village. Their -wondering vo cation in tho mines, and the free ventilation of their talent] had deprived them of a combina tion or settled system of evil doiug, but massed together their ingenuity in union found strength and their tact in counterfeiting, devising fraud, and carrying on their baok-handed practice, gatheredstronjjth accordingly. To mr.ke matters worse, diseases which had been previously unuuBpacU din tlieir (systems, rapidly developed themselves under various forma and titles, and prudent citizens bej-an. to iu quire if the State did not bid fair to become an huu. pital. But the cheapness of their labour r.nd the luve of gain drowned their fews, and thu Chincee immicrfttion continued. Iu tho meantime, thousands and tana of thousands of tho labour ing class in 'tho States,' hearing California was not so wild a placo as they thought it was, and receiving reports of its salubrious climate, and the fertility of its soil, after its partial subjuga tion into civilization, experienced a desire to 'go west.' Koads havrajr buen surveyed, Btages put in motion, to enter tho Pacific and the States, a gradual and steady stream of immigration took place, that, encouraged by glowing accounts deRpatched home Ward-bound, by enthusiastic arrivals to lingering friends in the rear, swelled into a perfect rush west ward. People sold out at a sacrifice, and joined the long procession of waggons that rolled their duily way in one continuous train from the Mississippi to the Sacramento. California was soon flooded with a sufficiency of white labour to carry on everything movable or workable within its confines. In fact, a serious question arose how a good many could keep from starving. They looked around them, They saw the Chinese, that they were fat and slick, at work, and laying by money, by means both fair and foul The conviction grew that he was an encum brance, that his absence was desirable, and his place acceptable. An era of persecution set in, but John held on like a church loune, and his companions from the Orient continued to appear. In the meantime, the state was filled with chambermaids, needlewomen, laundresses, jockies, grooms, cooks, and professionals, and jacks at all trades of every degree, who gained a limited footing; but the irrepres sible John invaded the lutchon, took charge of the stoves, ho ingratiated himself into the good graces of tho housewives, and manipulated the making up of beds and dusting of parlours. He bent his spine to the washboard, and sent the laundresses into bankruptcy, and exiled or sent into neceeuitatire prostitution the chambermaids, while the cooks and general labourers stood off and swore. Eut John turned deaf oars to their anathemas, and continued the turning of his hand to everything conceivable and inconceivable. He finally took the needles between his fingers ; he placed his toes on the treadles ; he took the last upon his lap ; he installed himself at tho looms ; he planted himself at the anvil ; ho took charge of the gardens and fishing-nets, aud good-bye to everything that stood in his way. What was the motive power, 'cheap labour?' His capability of adaptability caniod him through. His aptness in picking up the run of every branch of industry, and commanding at Mb fingers' enda the whole routine of any calling to which he turned his head, sustained him in bis position, and they mono polised the labour industry of tho whole Pacific Coast, toiling often for what a white man would starve on. A population of white 'hoodlums' flourished from the unoccupied class of males, while the helpless feminines sought refuse in houses of ill fame. The youngsters, from their inability to get employment, mtnufftctured out of themselveB a first class type of Jurrikinp. The gaols were speedily oalled into requisition to reconstruct thesa transgressors of the law, and their cells were rapidly and quickly populated ; but hero they oncounterod as many Chinese inmates as troubled them without. To make matters worsa, the Chinese had quartered themselves inaseolionof Bon Francisco, and knocked up n model of an amateur Chinese town, encumbered with all tho filth, and permeato'd by all the foul poses and pesti lential vapours which their dark allies of recking corruption, putrid and decaying matter, abomi nable stenches, and unventilated stench holes could germinate. Opium dens were planted like onions, in a row, and their sickening odours polluted the air and defiled the atmosphere for squares around, and property depreciated accordingly. They stowed themselves' away in rookeries like rota 'in a hole, and curled up in their narrow berths like sardines in- a bos. Fifty thousand Chinamen collected together within this nest of hot house defilement. When they emptied their denn of their occupation, their allies hardly had standing room for their jabbering host. Icmaybe unnecessary to say that disease or every ehapo and form, kcowu and unknown, fevers and -pas tllenoe of a namelesB calibre, found a ready growth, and eoon took possession of this crowded, sweltering cesspool of impurity. Small-pox took up its undis puted and permanent residence in their midst, and !ed on whatever came in its way, and (spread to the uttermost parts of tbe State. Malignant fevers ema nated punctually and steadily from this association o disease, and claimed high and low for square around as its victims. LeproBy set in its unexpected and obnoxious pre eenoe. Scarred, and blare-eyed, and spotted patients, placarded with aorea, appeared like phantom ghosts at the narrow doorways. Some ot their diseases were bandedaround among the white citizen', and their vegetables and domestio connection with fatnillw did the balanoe. For successive seasons the noourge of mmall pox infested tbe plaugo-ridden spot, until the authorities woke up to urgent need of over hauling and fumigating their disreputable rookeries, and imprisoning or sawing; off tho sacred cue of any celestial found asleep without a gufiiciency of air. Their epidemic was fortunately burned and smoked ont, aad the deal of pUgM-riddon inmates ?eat to distant hospitals. Tho puhlio then .took o ie*— — - . tho |wBntoa BSWtfW [ soon resumed its plague-ridden propensities, and eita | and will continue to exist as a standing menaoe to tho health of the city, as a central depot of epidemic and disease, with a liability to break out and ravieh tho country at any hour of the day or night. ,To illustrate their capability in the work of des truction, we may refer to the desolation they have brought on the Sandwich Islands. Among a hale and robuet population o£| native Islanders, by sexual con tact they introduced their abomination of abomina tions — leprosy — which imperceptibly in an incredible short duration of time spread through and permeated a third of the entire population, until leprosy was as rife as common oolds all over the islands ; and to-day, on the island of Molokai, an asylum of 1000 native lepers out of a population of 60,000, with hundreds yearly added to their numbers, stands as a specimen of their work. With this painful and saddening scene of dying and rotting humanity Buffering and wasting away before our eyes, who cannot cry out, for the sake of mankind, away with euch inoculatora nnd propagators of disease and death from onr midst. Every effort is now being brought to bear upon the aelesti&U; to decamp. But John will notgo worth a cent, and he hasi tbe enoouragement of a money monetary and grasping capital list to remain quietly where he is. Some years ago the manufacturers of San 3?ran \ cisco discharged their white labour and . engaged Chinese at lower wages. John as soon, forsooth, aa .be had inculcated a proftoiency in the knowledge of I ue business into his oriental skull, unnbstentiously w Uhdrew from Ub employer, and set up in opposition an Binst, and undersold, his tutor and benefaotor. TL lero he touched his friends on a tender place— their pot iket. A great hue and cry was spontaneously raised, bjn ihe capitalists against the ely and meddlesome Johns and I war to the knife waa proclaimed. .Mara meet ings iwereasEembled, harangues and vituperation were loud By showered upon his Celtrfksi head. Bed-hot peti tions irare drafted and Sketched by trusty messengers to Congress, without Bu preliminary pas tpnetof lemodeUing.the treaty of nations, to instantly expeft the Celestials from the country, and resurrected a pi/etention of great anxiety touching the white labouring claffl), and concern ab«ut the welfare of their households. Tho labouring class «aw their chance ; they took up the questton — inflammatory utter ances and incendiary speeches were indulged in on every Btreet corner by every larrikin who, with three fingers of whiskey under hiB shirt could find hi? tongue loose enough to orate. Insurrection, extermination, burning out was agitated and tried, and in turn abandoned as unfeasible, Finding yet considerable opposition by the property holders wanting labour cheap, the working class associated themselves together in a political confederation and captured the State Government, and hot work may be expected. As yet the National Government has not found itself iu a mood to deal with the question. They sent out some amateur statesmen ' to investigate.' But littlowas expected from a commis sion who had enforced, in defiance to law and naturo, an uncivilised uegro Government upon some of the richest States in its possession, and prostituted, do bnscd. bankrupted, and wilfully degraded the State Governments all along the southern seaboard. With this oati-negro' commishion on ita travels, whose ironclad conscience- would llavo stooped to anything nhort of murdor, the public justly nubpected tliat Congress hail better have kept it-H money in tho treasury, and its commissioners ut home, as this caricature on 'investigation,' in per fect Rccordanco with general expectation, after 3 unkotiiV: over tho Pacific coast, viewing the mountain bc&nery;, andcEJoyingtUouiselves at the public expense, nnd taking alittlo ouo-sided testimony at odd hours, jiaud&d; in their verdict, that they thought that event the Ckintao rJionld bo given suffrage, uud put in po&- pension of tho ntato government, and reisn'ng in con junction, with the neproes, thu3 exemplifying to tho worid the equality of tho rac-?n. It ia nuedleea to say thai their constituents^ in disgust, flpat tliia decision out of their months as either too hot or too cold, they enw dlittle'wbich, and this commission returned whence it came, and eo far asthePacitic coast is concerned, iu-8 exeusad from dtlivering any further impressions on tho ChiuetB question, alt-hough their ideas carry with them sumo weight of argument in the general and indiscriminate establislimeut of ' universal suffrage' and 'equality of mau.' On the fiamo philosophy the Indians could be invited to chairs in Congress, and Sitting Bull accommodated with c toat in the Senate. We luive had Mr. Kwang Chang Ling (who intel lectually ib a man Rmons men) recently amongst us. Kwnng Chang Ling, Esq., says in.some very states manlike letter written aud published in tho San Francisco press, what he will do if wo so much us lir-e onr h:-D(it- against his follow). Mr. Kwiyjg Ling tellR us that China has laid her finger on six of the moist approved ironclads of British persuasion, and engn.ced officers who arc not afraid of gunpowder to man its guna ; ncd at a signal they will descend upon our Pacific commerce aud at one fell blow sweep our ehipg from the broad surface of ita waters, and may. perhaps, cripple it upon the Atlantic, and take into custody the J.'acilic coast, knock the bottom out of San Francisco, destroy our foreign commerce, until we shrivel up like a dried fig, with his six 'iron- clads ;' trad I don't know what else he won't do. I wonder whore all the American navy will be all that time ! We are certainly obliged to Mr. Ling for tell ing us what he will do. We will be equally obliging, nnd take him into our confidence, and instruct Mr. Ling what we will do. If he brings his ' eix iron clads ' over here, we are certainly not a-going to run ; and he had better not bring wooden cannons with hia ' 'clads.' This man in (minority compla-ns that tho omnipre sent Am«ricaiiB hove taken themselves to China, and luonopolir-ed the water transportation of the vast Empire, gobbled up the river traffic of the Sangtso Kiang, and manipulated everything they could lay their speculative hands upon, and coined their mil lions out of tlio shallow pockets of Chinamen ; and he grievously asks tho tough question, have Chinamen not che equal right to mnke their habitation iu Ame rica, nud pick up a living, and, if poissible, Borne money ? He further reviews the tangible fact that British puns invaded their sacred waters, knocked their cities to pieces, forced their opium and whiuky upon them, seized their trade, came and quartered themselves upon them, grew rich upon their spoils, and in the contentment of their hearts said it was a glorious country, founded wholesale houses in their midst, and turned up a second East Indian speculation out of their substance, and he humbly plies us with the question, ' are not Chinamen allowed breathing room and protection from insult outside their own territory ?' Here, undoubtedly, Mr. Ling makes a point, but with due deference to his feelings we will try to answer him by another. Every nation hns the right and should protect itself against tho introduction of crime and disease. If you will send us only healthy and honest men wo say wo can't answer you Mr. Chang Ling. But the fact of capi talints going to China and swindling them out of their commerce, and growing rioh and impudent off their pains, is no palpable reason why California should bo made the receptacle of the criminals, thieves, and burglars of Canton and Hanchow, or appropriated as a penal colony for China. We think all governments have the rieht to quarantine disease, and forbid the importation of questionable characters of a criminal element from every nation, and we cannot extend any exception to ye celestial Johns. We could not rely upon him to fight our battles, to repel foreign invasion, or vindicate our national honour, or ''vea aid iu the annihilation of those ,' six iron clads ;' hence, while our own citizens are standing idle for occupation, and their children crying for bread, why should the countries' defenders and sup porters give way to the neutral aggression of aliens, JXEWNAN. 