SECOND DAY. Light showers of rai.i fell during the night and continued at intervals up to the time when most folks would be starting for the course. Though the moisture had the effect of laying the dust and rendering the journey out more pleasant than yesterday, it Btill no doubt deterred many persons from attending who would otherwise have gone. The attendance was slightly better than yesterday, and the various events were well contested. Following is the detail of the running. The Welter Stakesof 30 sovs, with a sweep of 2 sovs. each for startere. For all horses. Second horse to take the sweep. If ini'e. Mr. T. Ivory's ch h Ito, 3 yrs, Ost 121bs 1 (Pigott.) Mr. J. Mackenzie's b g Torpedo, 6 yrs, list (Cree) 2 Mr. J. M'Donald's g h True Blue, 3yrs, 9at 121bs (Phillips) & Heirloom scratched. Torpedo went away at tho lead, the others going abreast for a short distance when Ito improved his position and robbed Torpedo of his honors. Going down the hill Ito increased the distance between himself and Torpedo, but when passing tho stand tho three were pretty well together, Ito first, Torpedo second, and True Blue last, all holding. On rising the hill again the racing may be said to have began. True Blue drew up to Ito and a neck and neck race between (he two was kept up for some distance, but True Blue had eventually to fall to the rear. At the back of the course Tto led, with True Blue next. Torpedo bringing up the rear, but all pretty ivell together. On nearing the corner Torpedo touk second place, but could not overhaul Ito who came in a short length ahead, True Blue three or four lengths behind Torpedo. Time 3.46k , The Burrangong Turf Club Handicap of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 4 sovs. each fir BtarterE; second lio-eo to receive 16 sovs. from tbe prize ; third horse to receive his sweep. 2 miles. Mr. J. Phair's ch h Saunterer. 4 yrs, Cst 81 bs (Hemsworth) 1 Mr. J. Miller's br g Macaroni, 0 yrs, Ost Olbs (Scrivener) 2 Mr. J. M'Donali's br h Albyn, 3 yrs, 7st 21bs (King) 3 Mr, A. Boyles's ch or rm Bonny Rose, 3 yrs 6st 51bs (scr.) Saunterer took the lead at the jump, Albyn second, and Macaroni a good third, and there was no change of places until after passing tho stand first time. At the back of the course Macaroni worked into second place, but Saunterer held a strong lead. Going down the hill Macaroni made a struggle to improve his position, and got up to within two or three lengths of Saunterer, but although he_ came up the straight miming under the whip, ho was six lengths in tho rear when passing the stand ; Albyn nowhere. Time, 3.45. The Flying Handicap of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each for stirters | seoond horse to recoive 6 sovs. from the prize, 1 mile. Mr. R. Grovenor's b m Fairy, 6 yrs, 7st 121bs (Forbes) ... 1 Mr. J. M'Donald's br -g Messenger, 8 yrs, 8st (Ward) 2 Mr. J. Curtin's g h Will-o'-the-Wisp, (late firowanbang), aged, Cst lllba (Nichol- Bon) ••• 3 Mr. G. Hemsworth's br o Balhurst, 4 yrs, Sst lib. Mr. A. Boyle's b g Whirligig, aged, 8st 2lbs Mr. W. J. Hills's b h Star o' the Hills, 6 yrs, Ost 91b. Ito, Bonny Rose, and Heirloom were scratched Several attempts were made betore Mr. Taylor suooeded in getting the lot off. Messenger shot into first place, the others all in a ruok, with the exception of Will-o'-the-Wisp who lay a couple of lengths behind, yit the baok of the course Messenger fell back and gave the lead to Fairy, and Will-o'-the-Wisp, who had been improving his position, went, in just afterwards to the second place. A struggle then took place between Will-o'-the-Wisp and the mare for premier position, and for a while there was an exciting neck and neck race. Will-o'-the- Wisp, however, had afterwards to fall back and eventually give second place to Messenger, and iu this order tliey passed the stand. Time, 1 min. 52 sees. Thn Selling Hurdle Face of 25 sovereigns, Weight for age. The winner to bo soid by publio auction immoiiatoly after the race, for 80 sovs. If entered for 20 sovs, allowed 71b i if for 10 sove, 141b. Twice round tbe course, over eight jumps, 8ft 6in bigh. . Mr. W, J. Hills's br g D'Jalma, 5 yrs, Ost lib (Forbes) Mr. .1. Mackenzie's 1) g Uncle Aiick aged 9st 21b (Regan) 2 Mr. J. J. Gorman's g g The Ghost, aged, Ost 21b (Gorman) 3 Uncle Alick showed tho way over the lirst hurdle, D'Jalma second. At the second hurdle 'Jahna was the first to take the leap, Uncle Lrlh hurdle baulk.* and ^ M M chance vn the race, although his rider, nothing demited, conducted him through to the finish, D'.Talma still kept his position at the head of affairs, Undo Alick closing up nearer anil working hard for first placa whan entering the tr.iight running coming home, but in The Forced Hau l'cap of 25 sovereigns, for all winners, optionil to bcaicn horses, on payment of 25?; li miln. To be Imii.licapped by the conimi toe Post entrance. Mr. J. M'Donaid's br g Messenger, 5 yrs, 7«t Slbs (Thurston) 1 Mr. J. Cnrtiii's g li Will-o'-tlio-Wisp, aged, fist 121 bs (Gorman) 2 Mr. Boyle's qh m Bonny Rose, 3 yrs, 7st 51b 3 (Ward) Mr. H. Woods's b m Camilla, 4 yrs, 7st 81bs G. Hemawortb's br c B-ithurat, 7st 21bs W. G, .Vrcher's b g Dasevter, aged, Ost 101b Saunterer, Sst 131bs; Fairy, 7sl 131bs; Ito, 7st lOlbs; Torpedo, 7st 31bs ; dolman Platoff, 7st; and D'Jalma Ost 8\bs were scratched, Deserter wont off from the jump. Bonny Rose second, the others waiting cloBely upon them, neither caring, apparently, to make the running s„ oarly in tho race. When passing the stand Bathurst led, Bonny Rose second, and Camilla third, and half a milo more was done without any material change of places. Messenger then drew away from his former company, and passed Camilla and Boliny Rose, taking first place, and Will-o'-the Wisp got the better of Camilla, and took third place. Coming up the straight the pace was fast, and Will-o'-the-Wisp, who was then in strong gallop, took the second place from Bonny Rose, Messenger being first, lune 2.43. 