§mp. SOURCE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. A beautiful person is the natural form of a beautiful bouI. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of tho fairest face. A senBUal disposition deforms tho handsomest features. A oold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all the oharaotor out of tho oountenanae. A cherished hatred-transforms the most beautiful linea ments into an image of ugliness. It is as impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad passions feeding on tho blood, a sot of low loveB tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful Bpirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an olegapc mansion with' a litter of swine in the base ment, a tribe of gipsies _.in the parlour and owls and vulture's r 'in the upper part. Badness arid , ini.uty will no mora keep company grout' wbiio than will oonsort with healthy or an elegant carv ing Burvive the fum/ice firo. The experi ment of putting theih^togetlier.has been tried for thousands of years, but.iyith one unvary ing result. There is mrifeanlntor like tho mind. There is nothing, that bo refines, polishes and ennobles lafia and mien us the constant presence of.'groat thoughts. The man who lives in the region of ideas, moon beams though they be, becomes idealisod. There are no arts, no gymnastios, no cos metics which can contribute a tithe so much of the dignity, the strength, the ennobling of a man's looks, as a groat purpose, a high determination, a ' noble prinoiplo, an un quenobable enthusiasm. But more powerful still than any of those as a beautifier of the person ia the overmastering purpose and pervading disposition of kinduess in the heart. Affection ia tho or ganising force in the human consti tution. 'Woman is fairer thau man because alio has more Jiffootion than man. Loveli ness ia the outside of lovo. Kindness, sweofc ness, goodwill, a prevailing desiro and determination to make others happy, make the body a temple of tho Holy Ghost. The soul that is full of pure and generous affec tions, fashions the features luto its own angelio likeness, us the roso, by' inherent impulse, grows in graoo and blos3oms into loveliness whioh art cannot equal. There is nothing on earth which so quickly trans figures a personality, refines, exalts, ir radiates with heaven's own impreBS of loveliness, as a pervading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angola ure beautiful becaus e they aro good, and God* is beautiful beoauso He 13 love. — Christian Globe. 