TRANSFUSED, TBAISS EOEMED. . ; A Tale of. Blood. If you Hve; in Do wnshire and do not know the f f iendells of f f iendell Court, you are ? unknown indeed ; the circumstance of their ' Daine b^mg^peiled -with two little fs and pfoBounce'd^Fendalli ,i3tamp8'it with a pecu 'liar far&tocriEicy.; Radicals, indeed — persons who interest themselves in roots— ^-assert that there was at one time no such; thing as a capital In our alphabet, and that ; it was indicated by the duplication of the small letters. As intelligence increased capitals were -invented, and the last persons to use them were, of course, the most illite rate ; so that the retention of the two small f ' s ianot— intellectually speaking — a feather n the f f iendell cap. On the other hand, as a token of antiquity, it is invaluable. The possession of a name that nobody can pronounce without instruction is also obvi ously a great inheritance; and in this Case t was the more valuable, since there is; no' record of f f iendell of Dowmhire havitig been distinguished in any other way. The family had 'flourished' for centuries^ iuthe sense that an old tree is said to flourish,' and, like it,- most of it was underground. . Sir GedSrey Fendali (for we will lake the liberty of spelling his name as it was ; pronounced, as though he was an ordinary Christian), the present tenant of the Court, was a widower,, childless, and stricken in years. The long line, whish had moved as ; directly as a pawn in chess for so many generations, ,' had at last, failed, and the ; succession was going aslant; nay, even ; zigzag— like the knight's move— to'asecond cousin, young PercivalFendallj of liincoln's | Inn, barristerrafrlaw, His; father nad ?sub Isisted on;a .^ery moderate,, property, the ; income from' which % had been in no way ; supjjiemenfed by .( the' head of the family, ! and hadr beciueathed.it. ^n a reduced coo' I ditiqn^to his' sonl The former ,had .dis .- i covered fey bitter; experience that the fact . iof his ^ nante -feeing ; spelt, with .two fa did not enhance 'ite 'financial ...value &t;'ihe back 1 of a bill, yhiie' the/latter was seriouaiy , :thinMng of disdardihe the peculiarity alto igether as ; an_ affectatibh out of which nothing had ever 'come but ridicule, when suddenly old 'Geoffrey, acting under advice -(riot legal, butlnedicaO, awoke to the fact iof his heir-presumptiye's existence. He jwrote from l5pwnshii;e with his own hand [to- invite Percival toPendall Court. i 'Most young :men would have jumped at ?such an offer, nor was-Percivai himself by iahy means blind to its possible advantages ; Jbnt he was a man of that disposition w.hich, jin poor people,. is called obstlnaey; in per jsons of moderate ^mean^j^mness; and In bich p'eopl^. deterininatioh of character. JThanks to nobody: hxit. ?himself, he was isurely- but «lorwly making his w^y1 in the : iwoildjand^hWwasnot disposed to barter his ~ Sndeperidence 'even i or the ? reversion of ifainily estate. : This-was not entailed upon himjfbatStiwo«ldrhaveb^en contrary to all jtraditious of the lio&se; with tvrO fs that jCoiisin Geoffrey should leave it tb any tother. person than the natural heir. . The jyoung man knewy in fact, that unless he gave his kinsman some grave cause of 'offence, he would one day reign in his stead. Would it not be better, thei?©-'' lore, as he had not ^ an idea in com mon with: the old = Squire, tiiat they - should keep apart, so that no offence - jeould be : given by him ?. ; Percival certakily did not wish, to.go to Dawnshire. jit was November, and since he was. no ... sportsman he greatly preferred London at that seasen to the country; just now, in deed, he preferred it at all seasons, from the cii'cumstance that Jt contained, in. Gloucester-place, a y.oung lady called Maty Blake, whose name it was his intention to Change to Eejidall (with one F) as soon, as jiis income had become sufficient for him to' jnarry upon it, - : ,?;-:. - .: ' i Her father was a hop merchant^ a:nd' no - doubt given to speculation in his own line, j)ut strongly ^ opposed. $q contingencies in , tonnection :wiih (his daughter's^ sittlement - , lnlifp. He-f: had ~kt firsts refu6e3 ioJtake Percival's great expect^tidns into^blisidera tion at.aUil)ut'wtfen -this irivitaiiori came1: from the; .oold ' Baroneti 'He u had*: ' visibly ^ thawed- and: evei&hte;\d?px&-;&\hti]i& that he 1 might ndt^now insist upbn'seei^PercivaVs ied^er,. setting forthr that h& had- received : jn fees, fecLy^at least J85OOr^a year, before- he would ;give consent tb 'his- daughter's ? marriage. ?''?;-.?._' ;'.-- ?'-?/: J; ;'. -; ??--?-» -^ ?: \ To the'vyoung man: MniseTf -thla i relaia- . ; tipnof ^Mr/Blake's proviso.gave1 much J less ? satisfaction thai^ that 7gehtien}an. had anti^i pated. ^hiflo^mmdh^^s^persuad^d that the- match 'would -be ^^/disatireeable to gir'Geoffreyi ' and render his Expectations even'iess; promising than before ; and this was one pf^the reasons that ^xmade him in plinetobevery dutfful to his venerable bdusin 'at- a distance^' and through the medium*)? $be: post-oflice. He did not like the old ?gentleman; he Md resented the boldness he had shown t6 his father, and he did Dot appreciate the overtures now' made to himself, which he. thoroughly Tihder Btood were not owing to any 'personal - regar-d, but only because circumstances had jmade hun the sole-surviving member of the bouse with two f 's. At the same time he was much too sensible to throw away.' the brilliant prospects which had thus unfolded hemselves to his view/ if he could retain ^hem with self-respect and without much inconvenience. , Although a very unworthy (descendant of his race as regarded the belief in their blue blood — which he looked jupon either as imaginary or as a very serious physical ailment-^-he had inherited a strong ' [indisposition to be bored or tronbled. Old Sir JGeoffrey himself, withhis£20,000ayearand an obedient county,did not dislike being ' put out' more than: he did, and when he was annoyed he; took as little pains as his great !kinsman to conceal it. Such men are, socially speaking, the veryVsalt of the earithy Iwho among a 'world; of snobs and toadies apeak the plain truths to its little tyrants, even.if they. :doi not * succeed in . teaching them how to behave themselves. .But Per-, jciv&l; badeno'sense of j apoatleship whatever. |He simply liked liis/own way asmuch as^. jbis betters ^id, and einee hia ambition; was limited almost as^oftenl^gbtit; a man who did not walkcandiookiandspeakas if the istreet belonged to him, but rather as if he].. Idid: riot care one halfpenny (which was the «ase) to whom .it: did belong. : Moreover^ ihisfather had heen.- bq ** tenth transmitter, jof/a 'foolish face/' and this young, feUbw 'w6jb as intelligent us he^ looked* He knew ihimself^tbifi'.QBly'foelSjiiotwithstanding iwhat philosophers liave said/ to the con Itrary, who db' notr-^and ^was /well; aware Ithat he would- nbt make a favorable im pression upon the owner of Fendall Court, . and ' that ' was another reason why he Was unwilling to go there. That we ? should be able to keep at a distance the good people from whom we have ex pectations (and yet retain thesm) is, how ever, a*mere dream' of the .optimist, and so Percival found it. 7 To the polite and ; carefully-worded- letter, by which he, had endeavored to .evade the invitationto ? the home of his. ancestors, he received a reply 'by return of post, the tone of which ; necessitated his immediate appearance at Fendall Court or his giving up all hopes of ever seeing it his own ; in short, Sir Geoffrey was furious. 'Dear Percival, you had better go,' pleaded Mary, to whom he had showed the note, with so one strong expressions of indig nation. She was a beautiful creature, with eyes like a gazelle, and a voice more per suasive to his ear than any in the law courts. : . 'But he .writes so disagreeably/' said Percival, , pulling at his moustache; 'he must be a most offensive person.' ' Recollect, my darling, that he is an old man,' argued Mary, meaning that allowance, as well as reverence, was due to greyhairsi ' He is not so old as all that,' mused, Percival. ' This sort of thing may go on — I mean one's having to put up with his impertinent arrogance— for years and years. The question is, is it worth such a tremen dous sacrifice ?' The wretch was thinking of his own peace of mind, and whether he could keep his temper if such things were said to him —about ' respect' and ' obedience' — as his kinsman had thought proper to put on paper. 'If. you get. on with your cousin,' she murmured, with, a beautiful blush,; ' dear papa would, I jthink, be more inclined to consent—that is — perhaps he. wonld let us marry, a little earlier.' r ; ; ' You, curling ! that's true,' said Perci val, 'and is w.or-h going ;through almost anything for. ril-wyite andjsay i willrun down to Downshire in the course o£ next week.' ?;..?.. ?;,' ; ?; ' Don't write, dear- r-telegraph ; and run down by to-night's train.' . -.1 ' But I ^m to meet you at dinner* Mary, at the Joneses, on Saturday.' 'Nevermind; don't let me be the cause of your running any risk of increasing Mr. ? Fendall's displeasure. I am sure X am; giving you good advice. Go to-night.' «\erygood; I'll go,' . Arid Percival went accordingly. \ Sir Geoffrey received him with a stately welcome, the coldness of which, ho wever,was ; owing to the general frigidity of the esta blishment rather than to any annoyance at his tardy obedience to his summons. Upon the whole, Percival's hesitation had per haps done him good.. If he had showed himself eagerly desirous to accede to his kinsman's, wishes, it would probably have been set down by Sir Geoffrey to anything but disinterestedness, and riiight have even suggested death— a subject very distasteful to the herd of the ff iendells. An indepen dence of spirit which had eventually give j way to his wishes was not unpardonable for it exemplified the power of the wiL which had subdued it. The baronet himself volunteered to be the young man's guide over the picture gallery and the stables (the horse, we may be sure, was a favored animal with him), and gave him to understand less by words than hj his confidential tpne that at some time or another, though at a date so dis tant that it would be absurd to allude to it, all these things might be his own— if lie behaved himself. It was well understand in Downshire that good behavior in Sir Geoffrey's eyes was doing what : Sir Geoffrey wished, and for three days Percival's behavior was un exceptionable. On the fourth morning, however, it became infamous. On the ; previous . evening there had been a large dinner party, composed chiefly of the magnates of the county, who had treated th.e young barrister with a. civility that had' sufficiently indicated their opinion of his prospects ; and the young ^ladies had been at least;, as gracioua-as the» fathers and ? mothers. _ . ;:_ ; , ; ; .' PercivaU did youjibtice that girl in blue L last, night ?{'- inquired ^r Geoffrey; enippdngrog ;tfee endiof.idsafteT-breasfast i cigar and ptoeeedingcto light it; ls Amelia Elton, :..Iibrd {Wraxall's; daughter ; it is my in tention .that you shall marry her.' Pereival Hfti&d;:his..eyebrX-w3i *f It can't ;be-done,:Si|C:Geoffiey?'^-Hhere hecalso lit his ''^ cigar WiithLg^eatj deHberation'^^'that isy if I continue to liv©;ia JEnglaiid. We should '' have to ^p to Salt Lake City, where bigamy is permissible^' ... ! ' .?'? ? ;..- '. ?- ', '- r ' What thedftvil do you mean,' sir?' ex claimed the baronet. 'Have you a wife already ??' ' : ? ' 'No,, Sir Geoffrey.' Percival could not help wondering to himself what would have happened had. he. answered -rYes.' Would his cousin : have had ari apoplectic fiti(he looked very near it as it was) and gone off the hooks at once, leaving everybody hapoy ever afterwards? or would he have sent for his lawyer and devised everything he had to the County Lunatic Asylum, on tMe spot? Percival had felt that this crucial matter must crop,. up sooner or later, and had nerved himself for the encounter. 'I have no, wife,' he went on, kl but, what is the same thing, Sir Geoffrey, so far as my future is concerned, I am engaged to be marriedi' : 'What, to that hop-picker's daughter ?' thundered the old man, who it seemed had been making keener enquires into Percival'a affairs, than he had had any idea of. '* Well, sir, her father is a hop mer bhant,' returned the young man coolly, 'and I dare say has made some pretty pickings, but I don't think he would like to called a hop-picker. I may, perhaps, ibe- allowed to add that your use of the term ?i& not very polite to me.' \ His faee was very white, and looked all the whiter by comparison with his com panion's, . which -.wag . scarlet; They were both in afrightfjod rage—the one at a white heat, the other boilipff. 'And. who the-rdeuce are you?' ex claimed Sir Geoff rey- in precisely the; same tone' (though he \«?as such an aristocrat): as., the butcher's boy,usjed,^ho, having run the leg of his woodeji tray into the juke's eye, ienquired of him who the deuce he. was that ?he should ,be so particular about his eye sight? ' ].'? 'My name is Percival Fendall, sir, a man that boasjt§ better, blood than you, inas much as be (ean csunt a generation -beyond you.' The reply, intended, to jbe satirical* . was ari inspiration, and bad qiiit0the.conr. trary effect; to what he had expected. Ho had accidentally protected himself as it were by this interposition of the other's fetish, as though it had been a shield. ' By Jove, that's true,' said Sir Geoffrey- regarding him with undisguised admira tion. ' You're the eleventh of us, though not quite in the direct line. I am glad you appreciate the circumstance at its full value. I had been told by a mischievous fellow that you had been thinking of spelt ing your name with a capital F.' 'That would be blasphemy indeed,' said Percival, without moving a muscle. ' Of course it would,' put in the baronet, eagerly. 'I perceive that my informant was a liar. . You are worthy of your name, and you were only joking — though let me observe that I don't like such jokes-^-when you talked of being engaged to this Miss Lake.' ' Blake, sir, is her name,'' continued Percival, with unrufled calm. 'It is a tery decent one, though she doesn't spell it with two little b's. She is a delicate minded, honorable gentlewoman, and I mean to marry her.' ' What, without my consent ?' 'No, Sir Geoffrey. I hope, with your consent. You have only to see her, and I venture to think you will confess that Miss — the young lady in blue, whom you were £© good as to recommend to me — cannot hold a candle to her.' ' But her bloodj sir ? You, of all men, should understand the importance, the necessity, the indispensability ? ' The baronet supplied in expression and gesture what was wanting to him in words. ' I do, Sir Geoffrey. Science has latelj corroborated your opinionupon that point. To persons about to marry it recommends the microscope. Mary's blood should be subjected to investigation.' 'What nonsense you talk! As if it ; could possibly be blood like ours ! Beware how you trime— or Tatter how you venture beyond trifling with persons of this class. : A blot on the 'scutcheon, remember, ia ineradicable.' - * If a Fendall .were' to break his word, Sir Geoffrey, would not that be a blot on the'scutcBebri?' It was* cruel of Percival to place his kinsman on the horns. of such a dilemma. But their is no fetish so utterly illogical— and, to say the truth, so selfish and egotis tical— as tfcat of blood. ' The promise was extracted from you by passion,' answered the. old man, ' and is therefore invalid.' Then, as if aware of , the monstrosity of this position, he went : : hurriedly on— -as after one has skimmed over thin ice — to paint the horrors of an ; unequal marriage. ' Look at young Las-' celles ; if he had married as his uncle wished him he might have stood for the i county; a man whose ancestry is only second to our own, but who chose to throw himself away upon a female nobody ; re* ; spectable I dare say she may be — her fattier lives in Baker-street, and is of the name of Jones. What was the result of it all? Why, young Lascelles was compelled to walk the hospitals.' . :- If he had been made to walk the plank ^it is impossible that Sir Geoffrey could have spoken of the fact with more sincere compassion for the young man's unhappy fate. ' I know Lascelles,' said Percival, cheer fully ; ** he lives close to the Blakes.' . ' Very likely,' put in Sir Geoffrey, dribv r ' And has already acquired a good prac tice,' continued the young man. ' He told be he is much happier than when he was subjected to his uncle's whims and caprices.' . 'This was a home thrust. Sir Geoffrey seized the bellrope to summon the footman to show his kinsman the door, but by the time the menial entered his master's passion iad cooled down. He only said, ' Make Hip the fire.' The fact was that the notion ,of that extra generation which Percival had boasted of had seized on wtiat the old baronet called ' his mind,' and placed' the young man in a position 'of positive . superiority. . ? if Look here, Percival,' he said? ' just. to' -oblige you I'll see this, young woman, and and if'Tm dissatisfied 'with her jou must ?promise me toibreak off your engageriient^ i 'It is impossible ' that you. should, be jdissafisfied with her,' said Percivalji gal lantly, but evasively. , ' / - I The old gentleman had got an idea^^ ' rather an unusual event with the Fendalls, ?and hence ttSHSS-^Ce'iaore'Wbe1 regretted that it was unwortlnrof ^ie:m. ,U:he;found ithis Mary Blake _jso, J1 honorable and ; delicate-minded.' as Percival haddescribed, ihe might.wqrk upon her^lingafoy repre isenting that s^,e was raining the yojing ?man's prospects ; if, on the;pther hand- she t-vKas mwcenary, he mighirbuy. her off. * I Accordingly, in due ; course Sir Geoffrey/ icame up io ixmdon, and ah interview1 was arranged between himself and Mary, after jwhich Percival received the following; 'letter: — ! . My Deae Cotrsm— Love has not blinded you, for I grant that the young person is very good looking, but it has dulled jour sense of hearing. Miss B. drops her h's— one h I can swear to; it ?was in 'hospital.' This is not her fault of coarse, but her misfortune. It is in the blood. :If you marry her — being what she is, and can't help being — you shall never have one acre of the f f iendell land, nor one shilling of the f f iendell money. Yours, faithfully. ! G.ff. \- The old baronet would not have dared to write this but that he had, as he flattered '?. himself, won over poor Mary to his side. ;He had painted to her the splendid pros pects that^waited Percival, but which her marriage with him would dissipate for ever, tnd had appealed to her love itself todis-1. I ardherlbver. - ? He did not effect what he had hoped, iiut yet succeeded only tco well. The ihought that she would be the cause of her Percival's future being destroyed preyed on her mind and produced. a dangerous illness. Percival was heartbroken, and had only ijust spirit enough left to direct an envelope ?to Sir Geoffrey, enclosing a piece of his inincL It was: an ugly fragment,' and thus 'concluded:— , ?''''. 'If througji your infernal egotism my iMary dies, I' will take out letters patent and change the idiotic n;ame of f f iendell $o BiiHock-Smithy. . , .';..- j Sir Geoffrey was. reduced to despair by '?this frightful. menace; ; ? t ??.... ,?.-. ? *i.--. .v \ .In the meantime poor Mary got weaker and weaker, and had hemorrhage from the lungs, or more - probably the=heart. The ;blood of the Blakesa thougk an inferior :fluid, was necessary to her' existence, and ishe was Tapidly sinking. .Br. Lascelles, ^rho was called in in consultation, said. ' ;♦' Th.ere is , piiiy one' thing ^an sa'vfe this ' ?young ladyjB: life. We 'must'' .'try trbnsfuv' The other doctor— who !was of the old I ^school— shook his head as only doctors can. , Dr. Lascelles understood at -once, from the great significance of the gesture,, that lie had never so much asheard of the opera tion. *« I felt sure you would agree with me, lie said, with the sweet smile that had won Jiis way to professional success — forhisprac- tice lay chiefly among the ladies. 'You remember Playfair's directions, without doubt ?' And he told them what they -were. 'One of us two must sustain this ebbing life.' ' I think it had better be you,' returned the other hastily. 'There's nothing like new blood— I mean young blood.' ' True ; I am young and strong ; I can't see a beautiful creature tike this slipping j through our hands.' And he bared his arm I *to the -other's lancet. ' Two months afterwards Sir GeDffrey received the following letter from Bercival, written under compulsion at hia wife's dictation: — Deab Qovsw — Actuated by ffeeiin?s of passion, whieh, as you yourself ©.ice juaoly re marked, renders one's actions invalid, I ad dressed you a communication some time ago, the terms of which I sincerely regret. When the blood of the f f iendells is up they are apt to express themselves strong'y; and you are the last man (except me) not to make allowances for the fact. I *«n thankful to say my dearest Mary has been raised -from her bed of sickness, and is now — I bad almost -written 'herself .again ;' but though «he is as well as -ever, this is not the case. She has in a very singular, though perfectly scientific manner, become somebody else. She has undergone the opera tion of transfusion at the hands — or rather the firm — of Cavendish Lascelles, whose noble blood, to use the woris of the poet, now *f courses through her veins.' One has so often heard of persons who are ready to shed the last drop of their blood fer this or that, and go seldom seen them, she! aven the first drop, that you may have them put down in the same category with ghosts; but I saw this with my own eyes (for Percival had been pre sent at the operation) and can swear to it. I owe a debt to Lascelles which I can never repay, for be brought back to life the dear girl I married yesterday, Both«he and I are well convinced that our union will have your, appro bation, since the sole objection you had to it has been removed — by transfusion. By birth, it is true, she is still a Blake, but by blood she is a Laseelles. With our united kind regards, I am, yours truly , Percival Ffiekbbli.. Poor Sir Geoffrey, thus confronted not only with a dilemma, but an anomaly, was at his wit's end— which was at no great distance. ' : :* In this extremity he consulted -hi§ oracle, an ancient nurse, who had dwelt in the household almost for -that term of years scouted by Mr. Thomas, and who believed in the f fiendells first and Providence after ward. ' It's my opinion, Sir Geoffrey,' feaidthis female sage, 'as it's no iise xayiisg over spilt milk. \ The baronet himself was. already partly of that opinion ; so the reconciliation was effected, and the young couple were invited to the court. The bride, less from interested motives than 'from the senae that the old maa had so much to '** get over' in his welcome to her, devoted herself to her host, and soon jsurpassed her husband in $ir Geoffrey's favor. 1 .*' You are npt a i i iendell by name, my | dear,' he once said to her, *' but, thanks. to i science, have become worthy of the race by nature. You were always very nice— in your way — but there were, points :'? before that fortunate operation ? But 'there,' he added, patting her little hand, ' we will not speak of them now.' '*'* You mean 1 used to say ' 'ospital' for * hospital,' * she answered, 'hanging he? beautiful head,' like the rose immortalised hyCowper; ?'*' But I was always taught to do that, and also to say |}umWifor ' 'humbled m * My dear/' he said ^uite gravely, «? you used to drop all your h's dreadfully. (She spoke as purely as Lindley Hurray.) But transfusion has picked them up for you. Depend upon it there is nothing like blood/' Mrs. Percival Fendall was a woman, but she knew when not to have the last word. 'What is the use of arguing with people,' said she to her husband (when he called her a humbug), fi who fipeil their name with two little fs?' 