THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) l t:L'K iUiilVK, AND OU& IlKSOUItCES. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY, APL. 16, 1879. THE EXHIBITION. The Industrial Exhibition now being held in Sandhurst has been open for three weeks, and has proved to be a success of which tho district mrvy be justly proud. Tho attend ances have been much larger than had been anticipated, so that, the financial results thus far have been highly satisfactory. On Easter Monday the number of visitors was larger tlian on any previous occasion, the receipts amount ing to over .£230 for the day. The exhibits, which are numerous and interesting and ad mirably arranged, have been contributed not only by residents of the locality, but by per sons in all parts of the colonies, aud by both juvenile and adult artists and artizans. A finer bazaar has never been seen out of Mel bourne in any part of Victoria, and the col lection will form a tine addition to the In dustrial Exhibition to be held in the metro polis towards the close of the year. The original intention of keeping our exhibition open for three months will probably be ad hered to, since it has become a favorite place of resort or an evening, and the re ceipts are such as to leave a balance con siderably in excess of tho weekly expenses. It has not yet been decided to what pur pose the profits shall be applied. but as it I appears likely that a considerable sum will be realised from the undertaking, it may be ! expected that it will be made u?e in the accomplishment of some useful public work. As the Exhibition has turned out so successfully, and has gained such high favor with live local public, it would not be a bad idea perhaps to devote the proceeds to the construction of a permanent building in some convenient place, in which shows of various descriptions might be peiiodieally hold. Mr. Knight's suggestion with regard to the erection of a glass building might be carried out. His proposal was that it should be placed in some part of the Reserve, to which it would form an ornamental as well as useful addition. It might be made to servo the purposes of a 'conservatory, which the curator of our public gardens would doubtless turn to excellent advantage. As it should be of considerable dimensions so as to permit of the admission of the public, it might be let to the Horti- cultural and Agricultural Society on such occasions for instance as the holding of their Autumn Show, which is principally devoted | to the 'exhibition of llow ers and fruits, and the trouble and expense of getting up shows ut this season of the year would be saved them, and they would secure larger attend ances than they do in the somewhat incon veniently situated grounds held by them, which are, however, very well adapted for the spring shows. There aro many uses to which such a hmio.ii'ig might be put from which a revenue sufficient, at all events, for its tiiaWt'enance might be derived. The suggestion, though somewhat crudely made, is, we think, worthy of consideration. The present extensive buildings devoted to the purpose of the exhibition are so densely filled, whilst exhibits are still being forwarded - from various quarters, that it takes a long timo to inspect the whole of tlienij and several visits are necessary for the purpose. ' For this reason the same faces are _ to bo seen there almost nightly, but another ''cause, of the largo and constant attendance is the attraction formed by the meeting of friends, aud, more than likely, of youthful.lovers.- The play of .the foun tains', and. the adinirable performances of the. band,, are enough to,draw people to the hall, even if the other exhibits were removed. At any rate the place has become a favorite .lounge, and we have not the slightest doubt ' will, continue to be/so' up to the close of the exposition. , Its want will be greatly felt when it has been brought to an end, and 'thera is every probability that some similar jplace.of resort would lie largely patronised. A tastefully-built edifice, with permanent adornments, would be worth anything to .those who, for church or charitable pur poses, desire to raise money by means of 'bazaars. It would .bo absurd to suppose that .the community would not be able to support a public place of the sort, and late experi ence has sllown that tho desire and will to do so exist strongly amongst us. It has been ;soen that1 the providing a cheap means of public'2 amusement does not interfere with jthe attendance at theatrical and other enter 'taininents,'and'nothing is more popular than ji pleasant', resort for all classes, in which Mie excuse for assembling is the inspection of pretty sights; the examination of scientific 'and artistic works and objects of curiosity, and .the; listening to sweet strains of music. Our own people are particularly fond of such recreation, as witness the large gather ings .every evening in the Exhibition, 'and. the flood of visitors to it as well as to the fair on Monday last. Undoubtedly there were large numbers of strangers pre sent, but Old Bendigo and his wife and little ones showed their appreciation of the treat afforded in a manner which .unmistakably proved the general love of the community of a reasonable and inno cent means of relaxation. It lias always been the case here, and therefore we may conclude that it always will be. Some doubt was felt as to whether the general public of the district could afford this year to largely patronise, an Easter Fair, and consequently it wis only after considerable discussion and hesitation that it was decided to hold one. The result proved that it would have been a great mistake to have omitted this animal festivalj-for a, larger or liner assemblage was never seen in Sandhurst, unless it was at the. time. of the visit of Prince Alfred. The lamentations that are too constantly indulged in abont 'tho decadence of the district and the miserable condition of largo sections of the people are simply hollow croaking, by means of which the pessimists possibly find themselves relieved of the dismals and the moral bile which causes them to look on the dark side or things always, and to refuse to perceive the silver lining of transient clouds. The public want amusement and relaxation, and if they are not over-burdened with wealth, the}' have generally enough on which to live and be content, having the hope of bettor days before them, and ever thankful for whatever may be done to afford them temperate and inexpensive enjoyment. Falsf. Alakji.—About three o'clock this morning an alarm of fire was vigorously sounded by the watchman at the tov.vr, the direction of the supposed contlagration being in dicated as east. The hell was rung furiously for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and ail tiie brigades turned out with praiseworthy promptitude. None succeeded in finding any sign of the tire, however, although some members of tiie Teinnpr ance Brigade, who had succeeded in procuring a cab, proceeded down Bridge- street and half way to Huntly. Superintendent Tuck drop down as far as the gasworks, and in the city itself reels were running in every direction. After the five-bell had stopped ringing word was sent from the tower that the fire was on the Epsom road, hut the alarm seems to have been a false one, the watchman probably having observed the reflection from the retorts at the gasworks, and regarded it a? something more serious. It is not a pleasant tiling for the members of the brigades to be roused out of their beds at three o'clock in the morning, and sent on a wild goose chase looking for a fire to operate upon when no fire exists, and the watchman should assure him self of the necessity for an alarm being raised before he proceeds to ring the bell. A PECULIAR CASE.—Yesterday morning a man, whose name has been ascertained to be Sallivan, was found by Constable Ryan, of the White Hills, lying in the street in a semi-con scious state. The man had evidently been ex posed to the odd weather which prevailed on Monday night. He was suffering from a scalp wound of which he could give no account. As the man has not yet recovered his proper senses, it is impossible to conjecture what has caused the unfortunate occurrence. NORTHERN COURSING CLUB.—The first meet ing of the season ijf the above club takes place to-day at Mr. Moffatt's Well Paddock. Runnymede, and the first brace of dogs are to be in the slips at nine a.m. ACCIDENT AT THE LATE FIRE.—One of the firemen, named C. Roxall, belonging to the City Brigade, met with a nasty accident on Monday evening at the fire in High-street. His foot got jammed somehow between the wheel and drum of one of the hose reels when the hose was being drawn off, and before his foot could be withdrawn, some nasty abrasions were inflicted on it. Roxall was to-day not much the worse for the accident, but it might have turned out seriously had the men at the reel not stopped its action promptly. ERNEST GILES, THE EXPLORER.—The Age, in an articie in its yesterday's issue, strongly con tends that Mr. Ernest Giles, the explorer, is entitled to receive some consideration at the hands of the Governments of the Australian colonies. Oar contemporary fully endorses all the arguments which have been put forward in favor of a recognition of Mr. Giles's services in the cause of Australian exploration and geo graphical science, and says that "either such provision should be made as would prevent a recurrence of a humiliating appeal on Mr. Giles's behalf, or, what would suit him far better, he should be aided iu further prosecut ing those researches iu which his heart and soul are wrapped up, and for which he has proved himself so eminent!}' fitted." SCHOOL DISTRICT OF HUNTLY.—The return ing officer for the school district of Huntly notifies thai a vacancy having occurred in the baard of advice, a pjll wi!i be held on Monday, the 5:h day of May. Intending candidates are to lodge their nomination papers at tiie rc-turn ing-officer's residence, Adelaide Vale, Campaspe, before 4 o'clock p.m. on the 28th inst. The day of nomination is the 29th inst. THE EXHIBITION.—The attendance yesterday at the Industrial Exhibition was again very large. iSivuig the day time the majority o'i Ihe visitors were strangers (ami a good many were present ill the evening), wlio examined ihe various works of art very carefully. The. j juvenile court and the working models in the machinery vard seemed to be the centre ut atirac tion. In the evening the electric light was at work, and illuminated the yard very effectively. The traetion engine ami model locomotive engine were at work, and, as usual, drew a crowd of spectators. Paul's fountain was play- ing in the art gallery, but was not shown with the lime light. Monaghan's Band was in atten dance, and performed the following selections of music':—QuadWHe, '" Night about town," Ooote; gahro, 11 Dash away," Barthmati; overture. "Martha," Kioto; sehottisohe, "Queen bee, Sw.it'.o:i; vaise, " Corisande," Cavieil: selec tion; " Chilperie," Itervi: galop, " 1'aust, ' Coote; quadrille, "Alhanibr.v' ilivierc. Tile receipts for admission during tho day amounted to £84. FOUND DEAD.—On Monday evening the coroner was informed by telegram from Echuca that a man named Andrew Ramsay Cleeland had been found dead in a pig-yard at Echuca East. The body was removed to the Riverina Hotel, and Mr. Strickland left last evening by the S. 17 train for Echuca, for the purpose of holding an inquest. The coroner did not return from Yarraberb, where he was holding an inquest, until last evening, hence his delay in proceeding to Echuca. DEATH OF A CENTENARIAN.—It is not often that we have to chronicle the decease of a local resident at the ripe old age of 99, but such, nevertheless, took place at the Benevolent Asylum in this city on Monday last. The de ceased was an old identity named Paul Jones. It is stated that Jones, who was a sailor by profession, arrived in Sydney per the ship Bounty, with Governor Macquarie, who administered the Government of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821. Jones, we believe, has been a resident of this city for nearly a quarter of a century. Some years ago he was engaged in charcoal burning, but has latterly not been able to earn his own living through infirmity of age. He was first admitted into the asylum on the 12th October, 1877, but about the 1st April, 1878, he left the institution. A week later, or on the 8th April, 1878, he was re-admitted, and remained in the institution up to his decease, which took place on Monday last, as already stated. Easter Fair, 1879.— The second day of the Fair of 1879 was celebrated yesterday with a procession of tho Chinese about- 12 o'clock. The gorgeous costumes, banners, and curious weapons were observed by a large crowd wit'i as much interest as on the opening day. All the shows were »pen during the .lay and at night, bat of coatee were not so well patronised as on Monday. The evening's proceedings were opened by a grand torchlight procession of lire men, headed by Hallas's Band. During the evening the enclosure was well crowded, and the total receipts from gates and shows amounted to £135 9s. Gd. Professor Prescott's fireworks display was really splendid, and formed one of the chief attractions. In the Chinese booth the clown made a speech, and vocal aud instrumental music was rendered. To-night the Chinese booth will be again opened, when several novelties will be intro duced. Hadj Hamo, with the Olma Brothers and Mdlle. Gracie, will give a two hours' per formance in the large marquee inside the enclosure, commencing at eight o'clock, but the other shows will not be re-opened till Saturday night. Received.—We have received from Mr. S. Mullen, of Collins-street east, Melbourne, Mil ton's Comus and Macaulay's Essay on Milton, prepared with notes for the use of candidates for the matriculation examination at the Mel bourne University by E. E. Morris, M.A., head master of the Church of England Grammar school, Melbourne, and Thomas Havlin, M.A., late head master of the Grammar school, Bris bane. In addition to the contents named, the book also contains sketches of the lives of Milton, Lord Macaulay, and Dante. It is altogether a useful work, and may be read with advantage by others than those for whose especial use it is intended. We have also re ceived, in pamphlet form, Mr. 13. Langton's rejoinder to Judpe Boucaut's article, which appeared in the January number of the Mel bourne Review on " Political Parties in Vic toria." This rejoinder, as we have already intimated, is published in the current number of the Rci'iau. From Mr. William Howard Smith we have received a very neatly got-up hand-book of the Melbourne Steamship Com pany, containing a list of the vessels belonging to the company, charges, and a quantity of other information relating to the running of the steamers. THE LOCKUP.— The Mayor (Mr. Sterry) and Mr. Osborn, J. P., attended at the lookup yes terday and disposed of the cases ou the charge sheet. Three drunkards were discharged, as also was a mail for having used indecent Ian puage on the previous day. Two men named John Holborn and David Weston were dis charged with a caution for having fought in the street. The following prisoners were remanded to the Police Court at Malmsbury on the '21st; instant, for having committed a burglary ou the premises of Charlotte E. French, of that place, on the 8th instant, viz.:—Charles Colton, James Pounds, Thomas Smiler, Esther Eves, and Amelia Jones. The charges of receiving stolen property, against the two latter, were with drawn by the police. THE WEATHER.—There is no change to report of the state of the weather, which yesterday continued fine during the day, but was rather cold again after dark. A light south wind still prevails, and thero is no appearance of any change. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m.. 53°; noon, 74°; 3 p.m., 77°: 6 p.m., 61°: maximum, 81°; minimum, 41°. The barometer at 9 a.m. registered 29.930: 6 p.m., 29.950. Suicide at Yarraberb. - An inquest was held yesterday by Mr. Strickland, at the White Horse Hotel, Sebastian, upon the body of a woman named Margaret Irvine, who had been found drowned in Myer's Creek, at the Yarraberb station. The evidence of the deceased's son-in-law, William Bassett, a farmer, residing at Sebastian, showed that the deceased was a strong healthy woman, and 48 years of age. She was staying at witness's place for the past three weeks, and had frequently complained of a pain in her side, which at times would almost drive her to dis- traction, but she had always declined medical attendance. On Monday morning the deceased appeared very strange in her manner, and witness thought she was temporarily insane. She left the house, and proceeded towards Wilson's station at Yarraberb. Witness followed her, and unsuccessfully attempted to induce her to return. He then left for assistance, leaving de- ceased sitting upon a log. Upon returning she was nowhere to be seen, and it was eventually reported that her body had been found in the creek, about three miles from where she was left by witness. No person had quarrelled with her. John M'Donald Wilson stated that he was out shooting about two miles from Wilson's home- stead, at Yarraberb, on Monday, when he discovered the body of the deceased in the creek. She was lying on her face in about 2 feet of water, and life was extinct. Witness informed the police, and the body was removed. There were no signs of any struggle having taken place. This witness was re- called, and stated that it was probable the deceased might have fallen down the bank accidentally, as there was a perpendicular bank about 3 feet liigh close to where the body lay. Dr. Hierons, of Raywood, stated that he had made an external examination of the body, and was of opinion that death had resulted from asphyxia from drowning. The jury returned a verdict, to the affect that the deceased committed suicide whilst in a state of temporary insanity. THE EAGLEHAWK COUNCIL.—The usual fort nightly meeting of the Eaglehawk Borough Council was not held yesterday, owing to the day having been gazetted a public holiday, Tiie meeting will, however, take place at the usual hour on Thursday. SWEEPING ROADS.—Oa several occasions Chinamen have been brought before the Eagle hawk branch, charged with having damaged the loads of the borough by sweeping them. The fines that have been imposed on these occasions do not appear to have acted as a deterrent to the practice being carried on, for another in habitant of the Flowery land was arrested on Saturday in the borough on a charge of damaging the roads by sweeping them. The case was heard before the Mayor (Mr. Trumbie) on Monday. With the object of checking the nuisance a fine of £10 was inflicted, with £1 damages, or in default one month's imprison ment. It is hardly necessary to state that the latter alternative was chosen by the celestial, whose name was said to be Ah Hee. D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.—The popularity of this really amusing entertainment continues, and there was another large attendance ku-t evening. The same programme was repeated m on Monday, and was well received by the audience. This evening the performance will commence with "Temptation," to be followed, by desire, with the " Chinese Phantom Danes," the whole to conclude with the " Haunted Hoiue." Acknowledgment.—The superintendent of the Benevolent Asylum desires, through our columns, to. acknowledge the kindness of the Easter Fair committee in granting free admission of the inmates to the fair and Chinese carnival. DONATIONS.—Mr. W. Druce, secretary to. the Fire Brigade committee, acknowledges the re ceipt of £5 5s. from the Victoria Fire and Marine Insurance Company, per the local agent, Mr. A. Reeve. The secretary of the No. 1 S.V.F.B. bngs to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £2 2s. from Mr. A. Bayne, being a donation to the brigade as a recognition of the S'-rvice.j rendered by thtm at the late fire in i ILirgreaves-street. nest Warren's timber yard. I THE POLICE COURT.—Business will be re sunied this morniiu: in the City Police Court for the first time since the Easter holidays. There are only a few case 3 set down i\ir hearing, amount which is the charge against the volun teer Ferari, for assaulting the lad Anderson, but as the latter is still too weak to appear, a remand for a week will no doubt be applied for and granted. CONCERT AND READINGS.— It is notified in our advertising columns that on Wednesday evening next, the third inst., a concert and read ings will take place in the Masonic Hall in aid of St. Mark's Church, Golden-square. The en tertainment will be under the patronage of the Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Moorhouse. " THE GREAT CENTRE."—The Castlemaine Representative states that 1,197 persons left Castlemaine by railway on Easter Monday for Sandhurst. The town was quite deserted. The holiday special and the ordinary morning trains wore found quite unequal to the occasion, so that the stationmaster telegraphed for, and ob tained a special train from Sandhurst, which left about halt-past eleven o'clock. A large number also arrived by the Maryborough mid tr.iin, f.. route for Sandhurst, anil fortunately for them, a special train from Melbourne arrive.1 about by which tl-.ey were sent forward. NEW EXHIBIT.—An interesting exhibit has been lately received at the exhibition from Herr Gollmick, of this city. It is magnificent piano adapted for a drawing room, known as the New Short Iron Grand, by the celebrated maker Bord. Its chief feature is that its action is the same as that of the Erard piano, acknow ledged to be one of the best of tile day, In tone, power, and modulation, the instrument is ail that could bo desired, and its touch is light, delicate, and elastic. It is in walnut, with metallic frame, crossed strings, ovsrstnmg. In sir.e it is o feet 10 inches by 4 feet ti inches. STARTING A NEW PLANT.--A telegram in the Argus dated Maryborough Monday, says:—The staning of tiic new plant of the Queen Victoria Company, Marmers' Reef, was celebrated to day. The Minister of Mines (Major Smith), the members for the constituency (Mesrs. Bowman and Barr), and Mr. Zox, M.L.A., together with a number of Melbourne shareholders, were pro sent. The machinery is very powerful, and perfect. The shaft is over TOlh't. deep, and as soon as the water is pumped out mining operations will commence. After the ceremony the company, comprising 50 gentlemen, partook of luuchcou at the Bull and Mouth Hotel. The mayor occupied the chair, The usual toasts were drunk. Politics were slightly touched upon, but, in a genial manner, and the company separated pleased at the entertainment-. SUICIDE.—The Argus says a suicide of a most unusual character took place on Monday morn ing. It appears that Autonio Brosini, a Spaniard, who was residing at' the Spanish Restaurant, in Bourke-street, informed a friend of his named Pantini of his intention to commit self-destruction. Pantini became alarmed and went to inform the police, but during his absence Brosini went to the Fitzroy-gardens, and having climbed a lofty tree, precipitated himself from the topmost branches to the ground. The act was witnessed by a constable, who at once picked him up and took him to the Hospital, where he expired in about half-an hour. SOMETHING LIKE A FRIEND.—Perhaps there is no news more gratifying to a community as a whole tliau that rich men are dispensing liberally the wealth wherewith fortune lias blessed them. The Tamnanian Tribune says that on either side of Bassr Straits there exist two brothers, who seem to vie with each in benefiting their fellow creatures, and by equalising as much as possible the capricious division of this world's gear. Several times of lute instances of the munificence ol tne J as manian representative of this Australian family of Rothchilds have been brought under our notice, but none have been surrounded by the same felicitous circumstance as that which we heard of ou Tuesday. A young lady friend, who is about to enter connubial bliss, was the recipient of a cheque from this gentleman for £3,000, with ail unlimited order upon a leading house iu Melbourne for her trousseau. We could hardly wish our Tasmanian belle bettor foi tune than the acquaintance of such a bene factor as this. A Monster Excursion.—Referring to tho Syduey International Exhibition, the Evening News says:—"News from England received lately informs us that the celebrated excursion caterer, Cook, intends organising cheap ex cursions to Syduey, probably by sea, iu one of the largest and most powurful steamships afloat; if so, there is no doubt they will be well patro nised by intending excursionists from London." Mr. George Sharp, .M.L.A., is about to address the electors at several placo3 in the lower pari of the Moira electoral district. Many persons, says the Wangaratta Dispatch, surmise from the sudden interest which both iho Moira members appear to have taken in the district that au early dissolution is not by any means the furthest tiling from probability. H.R.H the Prince of Wales.-The out going mail is, we (Argus) understand, to take to England the formal invitation to the Prince of Wales to visit Melbourne on the occasion of the International Exhibition. A man named Howard, has been committed for trial by the coroner at Colac, for inflicting injuries on another man named William Crabbe, during a public house brawl on the 15th ultimo, which caused the death of the latter. A Sad Accident from Fire.—A terrible accident (says the "Ballarat Star) occurred on Saturday morning at Windermere, by which a little girl, only eight years of age. named Annie O'Neil, was so severely burnt about the body through her clothes catching fire, that ahe died the same night. The child's parents were away from home at the time, the mother having started for Ballarat to go to market about nine o'clock, leaving her eldest daughter in charge of the house and her little sister. While the elder girl was away outside the house attending to some work, the other child ran out of the house screaming, with all her clothes in flames, which grew stronger as they were fanned by the wind. The distracted sister did her best to extinguish the fire, but did not succeed until tho poor little victim was fearfully burnt from head to foot. The assistauce of some neighbors having been obtained the sufferer was at once brought in to the Hospital, but Dr. Owen held out no hopes of her recovery from the first. The child was not insensible, and kept moaning piteously in her great agony till death ended it, at about eleven o'clock at night. Legs, stomach, and chest wore all dreadfully burnt. According to the Democrat, San Francisco is to be the first city whose, streets are to be lighted entirely by the electric light. It is proposed ti divide tile city into districts, varying in extent from one to three miles, each of which will be fed by a snnieieutly powerful Gramme machine. The machines have already arrived at New York, and arrangements have been made for adopting two or three different patents. PECULIAR RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—A Corres pondent of the Argus reports that a railway accident of au unusual character took place near Gisborne, on the night of the 10th instant. As the up luggage train was pulling up the incline that leads to Gisborne station, the leading axle of the engine broke. The front wheels ran off the line, and the connecting rods joining the front wheels and the driving wheels were bent so as to project about 2it. from the side of the engine. About 12 o'clock, a special engine, with the casualt.v truck, arrived, with about 20 men, bringing all appliances necessary for lifting the disabled engine. By about 11 o'clock the engine was repaired so as to render her movable, by putting a new pair of wheels under her. She was then coupled to another engine, and was drawn into the siding at the station. It is fortunate that the breakdown happened just where it did, as the train was going up liiil, and there was, of course, no power behind to push the train on when the engine gave way. Had the accident occurred about a mile o:i either side of where it did, tin: train would have been going down hill, and the moneiitum of the tracks would have piled them one on another on the top of the engine, and caused great destruction of property. Besides the damage done to the engine, the permanent way was considerably injured, half a mile of the chairs being broken by the disabled engine. By Friday afternoon everything was repaired. The diamond drill at. Kingston, we learn from the Creswick Advertiser, is again stopped— this time owing to one of the boiler tubes leak ing. Native Woods.—A very handsome box, con taining slabs of polished New Zealand woods, collected by .Mr. A. J. Hall, of Launceston, on his recent visit to that island, was laid on the table at the meeting of the Sydney Exhibition Commissioners held in Launceston on the 8th instant, and excited a great deal of admiration. —Cornwall Chronicle. The Weather at Ballarat.— The Ballarat Star slates that Saturday night was one of the coldest experienced in Ballarat i*or years past. Some of the police who were oil the night beat inform us that the air towards morning lraa so ci>i i that at intervals the mftn, although well wrapped up and protected, were almost benumbed and unable to move. One old mem ber of the force states that he does not remember Buffering so intensely from cold and drizzle before, either at homo or in Australia. Mount Gammer Railway.—The Border Watch states that the rails of the M»unt Gambier and Ilivoli Bay railway have been all laid, and ;he engine ran in to the Mount Gambier station on Monday morning. Rabbits. —Over two hundred couples of rab bits were shoo by a party of tea Ballar.it genfcle men, who visited the Yalokrale Estate during the Easter holidays. One gentleman informs us that rabbits were met with in thousand.1:, and that owing to their nuinbsrj they were in a halt-surved condition. The party enjoyed themselves immensely on their excursion, &ud; spe.>.ic in the highest terms of praise and grati tude at the recoprion afforded them, and the kindness shown by the manager of Mr. Mog-'s estate, upyn %yiuch tney were sucotmg,—Slar. 