ORANGE. (.From our Correspondent!) Circumstances over which I had no control presented me from writing to you for some time past. Since then tho most important item of intelligence I can send you is the passing through of our Bishop, Eight Rev. Dr. Quinn, on a visit to the most remote western portion of his diocese. His Lordship arrived unexpectedly, and remained but a very short time. Yet he was seen by the leading Catholics to assure him of their hearty concurrence with the principles set forth in tho Joint Pastoral on the subject of education. It is intended to offer his Lordship a more formal expression of opinion on his re turn, should he take this route coming buck. Those who think, or profess to think, that two opinions exist on this subject between the author ities of the Catholic Church and their people are very much astray, indeed. They will find tho priests of that Church, who never abandon their people in poverty or in sickness, in plague or in death, aided to tho utmost by their faithful people ; they will find no efforts spared, no sacrifice too much to prove that there is no division, that in tho day of trial the unity of the Catholic Church is as a mighty host, because demanding only justice in the services of the God of all true Christians. There may be political failure ; there may be a few whose vanity is stronger than their faith, to take the course of Judas ; but when all is sum med up, victory and strength will remain with those great principles so clearly laid down by the Bishops of this colony. We had Bishop Barker, of Sydney, and Bishop Marsden, of Bathurst, opening the new Protest tant Church in this town, on Sunday last. They were accompanied by Canon Smith, who re mained all week to operate at a tea meeting, and lecture his people up to that point short of which tho great essential is very very difficult to be got. During last week two singular, and, when untrue, as they certainly were, disgraceful, reports were circulated. One was that the priests of Orange announced, from the altar, that Catholics were not to deal with Protes tants, and the second was that legs were thrown on the railway line for the purpose of killing the great Canon. These, coupled with a furious tirade at everything Catholic, as well as at the God-send Pastoral, will give your readers some notion of the state of the Protestant mind hero, during that week. Talk about being priest ridden, but if ever a people in this world was Calummy-ridden it is the Protestants of this colony, at this present time. This good Canon admitted in one of his furious onslaughts that his father did teach him to fight, but that he never hit a man in his life below the belt. Wow con sidering this I think great allowances should bo made for much of what this good man says, and does, considering too, that his antecidents pointed to altogether a different line of life. I am of opinion that some credit should be given to him for battling against his natural propensities for avoiding black eyes and bloody noses, and adopt ing the milder employment of tilling men's hearts with hatred and revenge. How truly he says — ' His religion is a protesting religion, and that they would be nothing unless they did pro test.' And tho good man did protest until even his brethern were tired of him. Some of the sensible Protestants said, ' Well I must really read this Pastoral ;' and having done so, they wore simply disgusted with much of what they had heard and read ; they found neither their children nor themselves addressed at all, and they admit that many high Protestant authorities have said just the same oi the secular education as tho Pastoral. As if to make amends for the failure of the Bathurst champion, tho Rev. Kelynack. is to lecture : ' The Pastoral weighed and found wanting.' There is something so farcical about the title that there is a curiosity to hear in what this awful Pastoral is wanting. There arc only a few sentences in the whole which aifect Protes tants nt all, avid that only indirectly, and certainly the most unblushing, unscrupulous use has been made of these. They cannot be found wanting judged by their terrific effect. When the history of this country comes to be written, tho Kiama Ghost and. the misrepresentation.-? of the Pastoral will be found to have done more to create ill-feeling in this colony than, perhaps, all the other events wo know of put together. Tho falsehood of the Ghost is now apparent to the most infatuated of the dupes of that period. So will, in the early future, tho cry of the Secularist and bigot about tho Pastoral of the present time. 