THE Reform Bill debate was continued in the Assembly on September 9. Again the measure acted as a wet blanket on the House. Somehon. members took to reading, some to sleep, and the greater number absented themselves from the chamber. The speakers were Messrs. Longmore, Francis, Sergeant, and Fraser. Mr. Longmore's oration occupied two hours. Mr. Francis was more moderate in length, as he occupied little more than an hour. The reform to which Mr. Francis is personally inclined is to establish an Upper House with a property qualification reduced to £10, and elected for subdivided districts and for lesser terms than now. Both Houses should be liable to dissolution, and if necessary should vote together. Mr. Francis said that he spoke without consultation with his party. His programme, however, was received with applause ; the House gradually filled while it was being sketched, and the lion, gentleman, on sitting down, was greeted with a hearty cheer. Mr. Sergeant and Mr. Fraser deserved the gratitude of the House for the brevity of their remarks, and set an example to other members. Sir. Sergeant would vote for the second reading of the bill, but he would object to the 6th clause and the nominee Upper Chamber. As to Mr. Fraser, he considers the measure beneath notice. And he told Ministers that the more they plotted to " make it hot" for particular classes, the worse it wuuld necessarily be for the community as a whole. THE Assembly continued the debate on the Reform Bill on September 11, and for the first time the discussion was worthy of the occasion and the subject. The speakers were Messrs. Pearson and Gillies. Professor Pearson's speech took the House to a great extent by surprise, for it was of a nature that caused the cheers to come principally from the Opposition side. The main use of the present bill he considered would be that it would lead to some reasonable proposal for a compromise from the Second Chamber. Some amusement had been caused on a previous evening by a quotation of a passage from Professor Pearson's speech of last session highly condemnatory of Upper Houses. The hon. member now said that he adhered to these views, and the reason he gave for believing that the Government proposal would result in failure—would call a thoroughly obstructive and irresponsible body into existence—was very approvingly received by members to the left of the Speaker. The plebiscite is a hobby with Professor Pearson, and he believes that though English statesmen do not like it, they would not object to a Reform Bill coming from the people of Victoria alone. At the same time, the hon. gentleman —apparently unconscious of the paradox—went on to say that it would be inadvisable to apply the plebiscite to money bills because during the excitement consequent upon some Mississippi scheme or .South Sea bubble irreparable mischief might be done. The lion, member concluded by an appeal to the House not to seek party objects, but to lay the ghost of reform, and he sat down amid a solemn silence on his own side, though some cheers came from the corners. Mr. Gillies made an effective debating speech. The criticism and the attitude of the Opposition last session were, he contended, justified by the fact that the Government had abandoned their first bill, and substituted another of a very different character. The new bill, Mr. Gillies says, has broken down already, for with the 6th clause taken out there is nothing whatever in it to prevent dead-locks. The hon. member quoted from Mr. Berry's memo, to the Governor after the abortive conference of last year, in which Mr. Berry declares that he lias offered the Norwegian scheme, a reduction of the franchise, and the dissolution of the two Houses, and has made the offer in vain. Mr. Gillies says that Mr. Berry, having advanced his foot so far, should not withdraw it. On this basis, and on this basis alone, is reform possible. Mr. Gillies kept the attention of a full House for nearly two hours and a half, and the hon. member was rewarded by his party with warm applause. REFORM was the sole topic of discussion in the Legislative Assembly on September 16. Major Smith, Mr. M'Intyre, Mr. Richardson, and Mr. Murray Smith were the speakers. Major Smith threw himself into the breach to defend the two parts of the bill which have been most attacked, namely, the nominee Upper House and the 6th clause. The nominee House, he contends, would be practically elected by the people through the Ministry. The objections taken by the Ministerial press to the 6th clause are, according to Major Smith, ill-considered. It is the cure Ministers, after mature consideration, propose for deadlocks, and to give it up would be to abandon all that the Assembly has ever fought for. Mr. M'Intyre dwelt upon the assertions of Ministers who, like Messrs. Woods and Longmore, have avowed a desire to sweep the Council away altogether, and declared that the country desires that the Council should be reformed, and not abolished. Mr. M'Intyre says that of all the " claptrap and humbug " lie has ever heard, the assertion that the Reform Bill is necessary to give the people of Victoria the privileges enjoyed by the people of England is the most absurd. Victoria is the freest country, Mr. M'Intyre says, in the world. The one evil she has to get rid of is demagogism. Mr. Richardson, who spoke at great length, goes all the way with the Ministry. The time for compromise, he says, has gone by. Mr. Murray Smith frankly declared that one of his objections to the nominee House was that he would not trust the present Government to make appointments. They would send in their party hacks, succeeding Ministers would be tempted to follow the example, and with a degraded personnel the friends of the Upper House would come to wish that it were dead. Mr. Murray Smith made also the important announcement that he is aware that a compromise with the Council is possible at the present juncture—a compromise which would amply satisfy the country—but the difficulty is the Berry Ministry. They will consent to no moderate measure, and the Council on its part must have a feeling against the men who have reviled and injured it. A select committee of the House could, Mr. Smith affirms, effect reform. SIB CHARLES SLADEN, in the Legislative Council on September 16, moved for leave to introduce a bill for altering the constitution of that House. In an argumentative and able speech he defended the Council from the charges of obstructing legislation which had been made against it, and showed that the Legislative Assembly had been the cause of all the disputes which had occurred between the two Houses by their persistent attacks on the constitutional position of the Council. He stated that the measure he was then introducing was based on the lines of his bill of last session, but it proposed certain further reforms. There were to be under it 12 provinces and 42 members, who would serve six years each, and there would be elections for half of the provinces at the end of three years, and for the other half at the end of the following three years. In addition to members being elected on a property qualification, he proposed that other persons might be elected who might not have property enough to qualify them. Those persons would include, under certain conditions which he named, retired Ministers of the Crown and of Parliament, judges, retired heads of departments who had been heads of their departments 10 years, barristers, solicitors, or medical practitioners of 20 years' standing in the colony, and graduates of any university in Her Majesty's dominions who had been 20 years in the colony. The great difference in the measure from that of last year, however, was the reduction of the franchise, which he proposed should be only £25 for freeholders, and £40 for leaseholders in cities, town, and boroughs ; and £15 for freeholders, and £30 for leaseholders in shires. The speech of the hon. member was received with evident favour by the House, and the motion was at once agreed to. The bill was then read a first time, ordered to be printed, and to be read again a second time that day fortnight. BY the amended tariff, as altered and reshaped in a caucus of Government supporters, and brought into the Assembly, the duties on boots and shoes have been reduced from the original proposition, but the new duties will still be higher than the rates which have hitherto been imposed. The duty on infants' shoes is withdrawn, and so is the tax on cornsacks. The impost on drugs and chemicals is abandoned, and likewise the duty on general ironmongery and hardware. Glassware, hats, and umbrellas have been removed from the ad valorem list, and are to be subject to fixed charges. As the tariff now stands it is calculated to impose additional taxation to the amount of £200,000 per annum, instead of £250,000, as was at first proposed. A PROLONGED sitting of the Legislative Assembly took place on September 3, when the amended tariff was submitted, and hon. members proceeded to deal with it in Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. MacBain, Mr. Murray Smith, and Mr. Mackay insisted upon taking the opinion of the House as to whether the 20 per cent, duties should be increased to 25 per cent., while Mr. Casey and Mr. Cooper maintained that the 25 per cent, principle had been adopted by the division on the first item, and that it was no use generally to oppose the caucus arrangement. In the first instance, Mr. Bent moved that carts be admitted free of duty, on the ground that it was a little too bad to tax one of the poor man's implements of trade. The division was against Mr. Bent by 55 votes to 24, the Corner voting with the Government as a body. After a series of personal altercations, an amendment by Mr. MacBain, to reduce the 25 per cents, to 20 per cent., was discussed. The division was 35 to 16 ; and this time the members of the Corner, headed by Mr. Casey, marched out of the House in Indian file, amid cheers and cries of "There go the new Ministry!" Later on a further difficulty arose with regard to an amendment submitted by Mr. Casey to exempt reapers and binders, portable engines, and patented mining machinery from duty. The Government declined to say whether they would consent to this proposition or not. Mr. Berry, who had the matter in hand, had left the House, and Ministers confessed that they were ignorant of the subject and of the Premier's intention. On this issue battle was joined, the Opposition insisting that progress should be reported, to allow the Government to make up its mind on so important a question. They protested, moreover, against a new scheme of taxation, imposing duties to the amount of £200,000, being submitted for the first time at half-past 7, and' being rushed through before the trades affected had so much as seen them. The Opposition rallied round Mr. Murray Smith, who made some effective speeches, while on the other side Major Smith reported that he and his supporters were "full of fight." The proceedings lasted till half-past 10 the next morning, when Mr. Berry returned and consented to the arrangement of a count-out. THE tariff was further dealt with by the Assembly on September 10, and considerable progress was made. A short discussion took place on Mr. Casey's amendment to exempt reapers and binders, portable engines, and patent mining machinery from duty. Mr. Berry was desirous that this amendment should be withdrawn because, as a matter of conducting business, the Government wished to impose the new duties first, and to deal with exemptions afterwards. However, in Mr. Casey's absence the amendment could not be -withdrawn, and the Chief Secretary then invited hon. members to vote against the proposal, on the understanding that their votes should not be a record of their convictions, and that the subject should be fully discussed when the exemptions came to be disposed of. Several members who support the farmers' claims divided with the Government by virtue of this arrangement, and the numbers were—for the amendment 32, against 37. The result was received with much cheering, and Mr. Bent at once pointed out that substantially the division affirmed that the articles in question ought to be exempted, inasmuch as Messrs. Casey, Bosisto, Munro, and other members who would have voted with the majority were absent in Sydney. The division accounts for 71 members, including the Chairman and the Ministers. Several other items were then dealt with. At a meeting of soft-poods men held on the previous day to discuss the tariff, it was shown to be most complicated and iniquitous, and it was condemned by all the speakers as being ruinous, especially to the intercolonial trade. Its absurdity was illustrated by the fact that the duties would fall heaviest upon articles of low value, and it was pointed out that the greater portion of the burden would be borne by the operative classes. THE Chief Secretary addressed a crowded meeting of his constituents at Geelong on September 5. The lion, gentleman was accompanied by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Major Smith, Messrs. Woods, Longmore, Grant, and a large number of Ministerial members of the Assembly. The most important statement made by the Chief Secretary was that with which he opened his remarks, namely, that he addressed the electors in view of an approaching general election, and in order to direct attention to the main issue of reform to be put before the country. The Opposition are described by Mr. Berry as determined and unscrupulously ready to use money and libels in their cause, and they seek to distract the public mind with side issues ; but he proposes to meet them by speaking from every platform throughout the length and the breadth of the land. It would be better, says Mr. Berry, to be slaves and to swamp the Legislative Assembly altogether, than to leave Victoria any longer in the jirasp of a- selfish minority with monetary interests to serve. Mr. Berry spoke for an hour, and was patiently listened to, though it was evident that the Opposition was strongly represented. When he sat down Mr. B. Hoare appeared on the platform to propose a hostile resolution, but the Ministerial supjiorters refused to listen to him, and after that all was confusion. Neither Sir B. O'Loghlen nor Mr. Woods was allowed to speak. The resolution in favour of Mr. Berry was carried by a majority, but by how large a majority cannot be said, as the motions were put in dumb show, and half the meeting did not know what the chairman was about. THE report of the board appointed to deal with the unemployed question in Victoria has been published. The board attributes the unfavourable condition of the labour market to a variety of causes, but while the unemployed persons brought under its notice during the inquiry were '' excessively numerous," it was unable even approximately to fix upon the aggregate number seeking work. The board is of opinion that the unemployed difficulty is aggravated by the congregation of the labouring classes in cities, and by the difficulty of bringing employers and employes together. It • is therefore suggested, amongst other things, that the Government should endeavour by some means to bring together employers of labour and those seeking work, " and thus, by distributing the working classes over the country, prevent, as far as such a plan could do, their aggregation in the centres of population." The board also recommends the establishment of a system of Government relief works, and that the local governing bodies should devote a portion of their endowments to relief purposes during periods of local distress. A MEETING of vignerons, vinegrowers, and others interested in the Australian wine trade was held at the Agricultural Society's rooms, Sydney, on September 2, to adopt measures for the extension of the Australian wine trade in Europe. A motion was carried to the effect that vinegrowers and others interested in the wines of New South Wales view with satisfaction the recommendation of a select committee of the House of Commons, that the standard spirit strength of wines be raised, to allow of the entry rates being reduced to Is. per gallon, so as to admit the wines of Australia. Another motion was passed for the appointment of a deputation to wait upon the Government with a view to a representation being made to the British Government in favour of legislation on the subject by the Imperial Parliament. The council of the Agricultural Society was requested, by resolution, to call a meeting of vinegrowers, with the view of forming a vinegrowers' association, for the purpose of looking after this department of the society's business. THE annual conversazione, of the Royal Society of Victoria was held on September 1 in the society's hall. There was a large attendance, and great interest was manifested in the proceedings, the principal feature of which was the address of the president, Mr. R. L. J. Ellery, who gave a comprehensive review of the scientific progress of the year. In the course of his remarks Mr. Ellery gave an interesting account of the work done at the Melbourne Observatory during the year. An unusually close conjunction of the planets Saturn and Mars took place on the morning of the 1st July last, and the weather being fine and the sky perfectly clear, very satisfactory observations of the occurrence were obtained. The large number of drawings and the great amount of information relative to the southern nebulae now collected from observations with the great Melbourne telescope were still, unpublished.; but after numerous fruitless trials and disappointments, a portion of the drawings had at last been successfully printed by the lithographic artists of the Mining department, and these would shortly be published with descriptive letterpress. The great telescope itself continued to perform satisfactorily whenever the atmospheric conditions were good, and it was kept steadily engaged in its special fields of research. WE collect into a paragraph the following items connected with the churches and religious matters. Bishop Moorhouse has been delivering a series of lectures, that have commanded much attention and excited a good deal of controversy, on the "Development of Doctrine in the Writings of St. PauL" At the Scots' Church, Collins-street, on September 7, services were held and collections made in aid of the funds of the Church of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society. The Rev. J. G. Stobbs preached in the morning, and Rev. Charles Strong in the evening. There vas a goofl attendance ^t both services^ and the collection amounted to £20. On the evening of the same day Mr. Matthew Burnett occupied the pulpit in Wesley Church, on which occasion the large building was filled to its utmost capacity. The subject of his discourse was " Our Great National Vice." Mr. Burnett said that there were 388 public-houses within the city of Melbourne, or one publichouse for 57 male adults, and one for every 157 of the entire population. He also stated that there were 100 drunkards brought before the City Police Court every month, and that nearly four millions sterling were annually spent in Victoria in strong drink, nearly as much as the entire revenue of the colony. The special services in celebration of the openinsr of the new Presbyterian Union Church, Curzonstreet, Hotham, were ended on Sunday, September 7, by three services. In the morning and evening the preacher was the Rev. Dr. Steele, of Sydney, and in the afternoon the former pastor of the church (the Rev. A. D. Kininmont), who was obliged to retire through continued ill-healtli, spoke to his old congregation. There was a crowded congregation at St. Andrew's Church, Carlton (better known as the Gaelic Church), the same day, to welcome the Rev. D. 8. M'Eachran, the pastor, who has been absent in Europe during the past 12 months, for the benefit of his health. The Rev. W. R. Croxton, for 25 years incumbent of All Saints' Church, Sandhurst, has been compelled by ill-health to resign the position. THE subject of public education has been under review from several sides. A deputation of Protestant clergymen of different denominations lately waited on the Minister of Education to request that provision should be made in the Education Act to allow of the state-school teachers teaching religion in the schools. The Minister promised to consider the subject. Subsequently, a conference of delegates from the different school boards was held in Melbourne, in the course of which the conference gave a good deal of attention to the "religious question." The discussion made it apparent that there were a great many differences of opinion on the question as to whether religious instruction, in the form of Bible teaching, should be admitted, and if so, to what extent. A resolution was eventually carried in favour of the maintenance of the present act as it stands. The decision arrived at by the conference was brought under the notice of the Minister of Education. Major Smith, assuming that the boards of advice represent the opinions of the majority of the people, resolved on forwarding an official reply to the Bishop of Melbourne to the request made by a recent deputation of clergymen that religion should be taught in the schools by the teachers. The answer was a definite one— to the effect that the present system will not be interfered with without the authority of Parliament. The Catholics continue to organise and form unions for the purpose of securing that their educational claims may be represented in Parliament; and, on the other side, leagues and associations are being established to resist the claims of the Catholics, and to uphold the act as it stands. There is every prospect that the question will be an awkward one at tho next election, and that it may avail to confuse the issues to be submitted to the country. THE Education Act and the system of public instruction established under it continue to form matter of discussion in view of the approaching election. The Roman Catholics of the colony are actively at work forming associations to secure the return of candidates who will support a system of aid to Catholic schools under the system of payment by results. A few ministers of Protestant sects, headed by Bishop Moorhouse, have urged on the Government a demand for the imparting religious instruction in state schools by the teachers. On the other hand, many meetings have been held at many parts to form defence associations to uphold the Education Act as it stands, and there is no doubt that this is the dominant view of the laity of the colony. A numerously attended public meeting of this kind was held on September 12, at the Theatre Royal, Castlemaine, to protest against state aid being given to any religious denomination for educational purposes. A number of members of Parliament, including the representatives of the district, the Hon. J. B. Patterson and Mr. Pearson, were present. Mr. Patterson denied that the Education system was irreligious, and quoted from the school books to show that the children were taught reverence, and truthfulness, and godliness. Any mistaken sympathy with the agitators for a separate grant was, he contended, inimical to the peace and welfare of the country. A resolution in favour of maintaining the act in its integrity was carried unanimously. Mr. Pearson maintained that a more unfair system than that now proposed as a substitute for the existing state school system could not be devised. He had never varied in his convictions as a liberal, or in his allegiance as a staunch party man, but at the next general election he would vote for any conservative who would support the present educational system as against any liberal who trimmed or gave a doubtful answer on the subject. The present danger is that the interest of the public in favour of the Education Act will form a cross issue at the next election, and will interfere with the distinctness of the public vote on matters of general policy. THE sittings of the Church of England Assembly were opened by the Bishop of Melbourne on September 16, in the Assembly-hall, William-street. The clerical and lay representatives in attendance numbered 130. By far the most interesting feature .of the proceedings was the delivery of the Bishop's opening address, which was listened to with breathless attention. The Bishop deals in a most exhaustive manner with the various difficulties which beset the church in these days, and offers his advice as to the the best way to meet them. In the second part of his address the Bishop addressed himself more particularly to the laity. He deplores the want of interest shown by the laity generally in the church's work, and urges that every Christian man should regard himself as a missionary. At the same time he throws out some suggestions to the clergy as to the means they might adopt for arousing the interest of laymen in their work, and securing their co- operation. Last, but not least, the Bishop reverts to the education question, and his utterances show that his view? on this subject have undergone no change since he delivered his opening address to the assembly last year. He expresses himself, if possible, in a still more outspoken manner than even on that occasion, and addresses himself in detail to the objections that have been urged against the scheme he then proposed. He is still of opinion that the exclusion of religious instruction from state schools is a calamity ; that a plan of instruction similar to that which obtains in the board schools of London might be adopted ; and that some concession ought to be made to the religious scruples of the Roman Catholics. Referring to the opposition that has been raised against the adoption of this course, he condemns it as unreasonable, and savouring of hatred and fierceness, and he declares that while he has as strong an aversion as any man in the community to the errors of Rome, he will not join in the howl against the Roman Church. He confesses himself unable to understand the position that has been taken up by certain nonconformist bodies in this colony, who, when in England, were loud in their protestations against the injustice of being taxed for a purpose from which they derived no benefit. The Bishop spoke with warmth and evident sincerity, and his auditory testified their appreciation of his eloquence by frequent applause. In subsequent sittings the Assembly adopted three resolutions which were adopted at a conference of delegates of the dioceses of Melbourne and Ballarat, deploring the exclusion of religious instruction from state schools, and suggesting the measures to be taken to supply the deficiency. His EXCELLENCY THE MARQUIS OFNORMANBY, in common with the Governors of the other Australian colonies, received a telegram from the Secretary of State recently, submitting for the consideration of the Governments of the several colonies a proposal that after the 1st of January next the Suez mail service from Southampton should be discontinued, and Brindisi made the first and only port of departure from Europe. Under this arrangement letters would be charged for at a uniform l'ate of 7d. per half ounce, and newspapers at l^d. per four ounces, or, in other words, the low rates at present charged for letters and papers sent via Southampton would cease, and the charges by the Brindisi route would be reduced to the rates stated. The proposed change is understood to have arisen out of an offer by the Italian Government to carry the Eastern mails at reduced rates, provided Brindisi is made the only port of departure. Mr. Berry heard some talk about an alteration in the direction thus indicated when he was in London. But as he was given to understand that it would only apply to the Indian mails, and as he heard nothing of the subject officially, he made no further inquiry. When the telegram of the Secretary of State was received the matter was taken into consideration by the Cabinet; and as it was considered that the abolition of the cheap Southampton service would seriously interfere with the mail revenue, a strong protest against the alteration was telegraphed at once to the Secretary of State, and another written protest was despatched by the last mail. The South Australian Government has also protested against the change. STEPS have at length been taken to prosecute the manager and directors of the Provincial and Suburban Bank for conspiring to defraud the public. On September 15 informations were sworn by Detective Kennedy, before Mr. Panton, P.M., against John Hackett, of Fitzroy ; Robert S. Scott, of Melbourne ; R. Fawcett, of Pitzroy ; Charles Morgan, of Melbourne ; and Richard H. Willis, of Fitzroy, the manager, charging them with conspiracy. The information sets out that on the 1st of January. 1877, and at various other times between that date and the date of exhibiting the information, the accused, unlawfully, fraudulently, and wickedly, intending to deceive, defraud, and prejudice such of the shareholders as were not aware of the true state of the bank's affairs, and to induce the Queen's subjects to become customers and creditors of the bank, and to purchase and hold shares, conspired, combined, confederated, and agreed together amongst themselves falsely and fraudulently to publish, and cause to bo published, statements to the effect that the bank and its affairs had been in 1877, 1878, 1879, and were then, in a sound and prosperous condition, they well knowing the contrary to be the case. The defendants were arrested and held to bail. THE report of the inspector of industrial and reformatory schools in Victoria for the year 1878 has been presented to Parliament. The inspector, Mr. H. F. Neal, goes very fully into the subject, describing minutely the condition of the schools and their inmates. A change in the method of dealing with the children is, in his opinion, absolutely necessary, and he recommends their division into four distinct classes, viz. :—1, the boarded-out children ; 2, those who cannot be boarded out, but are too young, or otherwise unfit for industrial training ; 3, those preparing for service ; and 4, the criminal section. Mr. Neal asserts that if his proposals are adopted a saving of £2,000 in salaries alone will be effected. To carry out his scheme, however, £8,000 will be required for the erection of buildings for a girls' reformatory, and to fit the Ballarat buildings for the boys ; and £7,000 for a new building at Geelong. As a set-off to this expenditure, the department will hand over to the department for the insane buildings giving accommodation for 500 inmates, in exchange for a building accommodating only 250, whereby the erection of a new asylum will be avoided, and will also transfer to the penal department the present reformatory buildingB. The schools department will, moreover, be fitted for its work in a manner it has not yet been, and will not be likely to require any further large outlay. THE experiments in pisciculture which have been carried on for the last few years by Sir Samuel Wilson at Ercildoune have this season yielded results of a remarkably successful nature. There are four imported species of salmonidse now in the ponds, consisting of fine specimens of the English salmon, reared from the ova brought out from England by the Chimborazo, the fish being now 18 months old ; also of salmon trout, brown trout, and the salmon of the Sacramento Rjver and of the coasts of the Northern Pacific Ocean. Of these four varieties two only have been of a sufficient age to produce ova, namely, the brown trout and the salmon trout, and a large number of splendid ova have been obtained by the process of artificial impregnation from fish only 22 months old, which eggs are now hatching under a rill of cool water from a spring, and this process has advanced to the stage when the eyes of the fish become visible through the semi-transparent covering of the egg. Some of the brown trout are five or six years old, and of a very large size, and these have produced a correspondingly large number of eggs. This is, we believe, the first time that the artificial spawning of the salmonidse has been successful in Australia, and it is noteworthy that the salmon trout, which are migratory in their habits, and go to the sea in an exactly similar way to the salmon, have also produced ova without having been out of the fresh water. THE Farmers' Union is now thoroughly established. Branches have been formed in almost every district of the colony, and a conference is about to be held in Melbourne, at which the objects of the association will be definitely determined. At the meetings which have been held in different parts of the country, the oppressive duties by which the agricultural industry is burdened have been strongly condemned, and it is evident that the farmers have at length awakened to the gross injustice which the protective system has inflicted upon them. The conference we have referred is to take place in Melbourne, at Hockin's assembly-rooms, commencing on the 8th of October. It is expected that about 100 unions will be represented at the conference. MB. ALEX. FORREST, who a few years ago acquired a reputation as an explorer by his celebrated journey from Perth to Adelaide, was engaged by the West Australian Government a few months ago to explore the country from the Grey River to Port Darwin, as it was thought that good pastoral country might be found in that direction. He started from Nickoll Bay, and steered a course to King's Sound, near where Captain Dampier landed about 200 years ago. It is satisfactory to know that the object of the expedition has been attained, for Mr. Forrest found several million acres of splendid pastoral country, the value of which is enhanced by its proximity to fine harbours—viz., Collier Bay, Brunswick Bay, York Sound, and Cambridge Gulf. Some very rich basaltic country has also been found along the upper part of Sturt's Creek, where Baron von Mueller was with Gregory in 1856. From Sturt's Creek Mr. Forrest went on to Katherine Station, on the overland telegraph line, which is about two stations from Port Darwin, where his arrival may shortly be expected. The fact that Mr. Forrest was enabled to make the journey without camels is proof that he must have passed through very good country. He does not seem to have discovered any traces of Leichhardt. THE New South Wales Parliament is summoned to meet for the despatch of business on the 28th October. Of the opening of the Sydney International Exhibition we give full particulars in another column. Owing to continued indisposition, the Chief Justice, Sir James Martin, has obtained a further leave of absence, and it is stated to be unlikely that he will ever take his seat on the Bench again. Mr. Justice Manning, though still unwell, has resumed business at the courts. The Northern railway has been opened to Gunnedah. The Church of England Synod for the diocese of Sydney has held its meeting. The Bishop delivered an address, in which he stated his adherence to the Church of England denominational schools. The colony has been visited by heavy rains and floods, and the coasts have been swept with severe gales. Great destruction has been caused to roads, bridges, and embankments. The Government astronomer reported of the storm that the greatest velocity of the gale was 65 miles an hour. The rainfall for the first two days of the storm was nearly 8iin., being the heaviest rainfall ever recorded here in September. The nearest approach to it was in 1859, when nearly Sin. were recorded in four days. The colliery disputes appear to have all been settled by compromise. The Rev. Dr. Pearson, Vicar of Newark, and Fellow of St. John's, Cambridge, has been elected Bishop of Newcastle, subject to his own acceptance and that of the bishops of the provinces. The estimated population of the colony on the 30th June was 712,090. The increase during the half-year was 8,276 ; the births during the same period 12,822; the deaths 5,420. The agitation in reference to public education still continues. Archbishop Yaughan has issued a third pastoral, principally devoted to proving that in the educational system in Great Britain Protestant, Catholic, and public schools were treated alike on the principle of payment by results, and urging the Catholics of the colony to continue to press their claims to equality in matters of education. The Archbishop says that if the Catholics cannot get payment by results for denominational schools, arrangements will gradually be made to establish Marist colleges throughout the colony. The Episcopalians at Bathurst have applied.to the Council of Education to close the Church of England schools in favour of public schools. Mr. Wisdom, member for Morpeth, has . been appointed Attorney-General. He was returned without opposition. He said that in dealing with education the Government would propose to make it more national and secular. A despatch has been received from Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, stating that he is unable to submit the Matrimonial" Causes Act, passed in the session of 1877, for the Queen's assent, principally because it would conflict with the law of divorce in England. THE South Australian Assembly has undertaken with great resolution the task of cutting down the Estimates, and has gone through them carefully, and carried many reductions against the Government. The Government at length saw that it was necessary to conform to'the spirit shown by the Assembly, and voluntarily made many reductions. In the Assembly, a question was asked as to a former pledge given by the Government not to go into the London market for a fresh loan. The Treasurer said the Government would not give another pledge if they could possibly avoid it, but they would do so if they felt they would otherwise jeopardise the floating of the next loan. The Chief Secretary stated that he had received a despatch from the Victorian Government, giving the terms on which South Australia might join in the ocean postal service. They were, however, considered unfair, and were not agreed to by the Government, Mr. Morgan intimating that they would not play second fiddle to Mr. Berry. An influential deputation waited on the Chief Secretary, and urged that the principle of local option might be embodied in the new Licensing Bill to be introduced. Mr. Morgan promised to consider the request. The Legislative Council Reform Bill has been debated in the Assembly. In the Assembly, Mr. Ward's motion in favour of inviting a conference of representatives of the four principal colonies, to consider the connexion of railway systems, was supported by the Government, and carried. It is proposed that the conference should take place during the Sydney Exhibition, at Sydney. THE Governor of Queensland, Sir Arthur Kennedy, was taken suddenly and seriously ill on September 10, just as he was preparing to proceed to Sydney to be present at the opening of the Exhibition. The Loan Bill has passed the Council by 10 votes to 6. When in committee, Sir. Pettigrew moved the omission of £1,170,000 for trunk lines, but the proposal was ultimately negatived. The Divisional Boards and Miners' Bills passed the third reading in the Assembly, which has since been discussing the Estimates. Mr. Thornton, collector of customs, has resigned his seat in the Legislative Council. In the Assembly, Mr. Archer moved that for the purpose of increasing the revenue derived from the waste lands in unsettled districts, it is desirable to grant indefeasible leases there as against an increased rent, careful provision being made for resuming the lands when required for sale or selection. The Government decline to express an opinion upon a purely abstract motion. Several squatting men have opposed it. Mr. Boucicault, propi'ietor of the Northern Argus,Rockhampton, has been fined £50 and costs by the Supreme Court for publishing comments on the case of M'Donald v. Tully while sub judice. The colony has had heavy rains, causing some floods. THE Tasmanian Parliament was opened on September 9. The Governor's speech was brief, and expressed a hope that there would be a short session. Proposals would be submitted for the purchase of the Main Line of railway, and also for the purchase and completion of the Mersey and Deloraine tramway. The speech submitted also that the extension and maintenance of the main roads of the colony and public works were urgently required for the development of the natural resources of the colony. The large and increasing charitable expenditure necessitated serious consideration, and increased taxation would be necessary to meet the accumulated and growing demands upon the Treasury. Several bills of importance and measures of legal reform are to be submitted. Bomford, who shot his sister-in-law, Mrs. Easton, has been committed for trial. A rich quartz reef has been found at the Back Creek, 36 miles from Launceston. THE general elections have been held in New Zealand, but it seems doubtful to which side victory has inclined, as both Opposition and Ministerialists claim the triumph. The real result will appear more plainly as Parliament gets to work than it can from a mere count of heads. Incidents of the election were the rejection of Sir William Fox, the leader of the Opposition, at Wanganui, and the success of Major Atkinson, another prominent Opposition chief, over the Government candidate opposed to him. Sir George Grey was returned for Christchurcli and the Thames. Dunedin City returned Opposition candidates, but Port Chalmers returned Mr. Macandrew, one of the Ministers. An outrage on a survey party was committed on August 30 by Maories at the Upper Thames. A survey labourei", named M'Williams, was shot by the natives, and wounded through the right leg, just below the groin, also with small shot in the chest. The attack was referred by the Native Minister to some native chiefs for adjudication, and they have given in their decision. The would-be assassins are not surrendered; but warned if they offend again they will be handed over to English justice. The culprits will doubtless be huddled off out of reach of the law. There seems to be a prospect of an amicable settlement of the native difficulty. A manifesto is being issued to the natives interested in the confiscation of land by eight influential chiefs. It requests all natives to abstain from further acts of aggression, and to submit their alleged rights to the full Bench of the Supreme Court, and subsequently to the Privy Council. A bill will be introduced next Parliament authorising a test case to try the issues. The official abstract of the trade and revenue returns of New Zealand for the quarter ending June 30, shows that the imports amounted to £1,791,264, and the exports to £1,296,438. The revenue for the quarter amounted to £803,744, and the population on June 30, exclusive of Maories, was estimated at 445,563. The quantity of wool exported from July 1, 1878, to June 30, 1879, was 63.580,5971b, valued at £3,375,030. 