ARE THE DENOMINATIONAL SCHOOLS : EQUAL TO THE PUBLIC; SCHOOLS, The question of repealing the Educational System of this. colony is being debated at some length in the Legislative Assembly, and those who are opposed to tho adoption of the new system proposed by the Parkes Government are very wishy-washy in their deliverances. Mr. O'Connor says that there is nothing to show why Denominational Schools should be closed ; we beg to differ with him in this respect, and will show it further on. Mr. Fitzpatrick, in a brilliant address, speaks strongly against the maintenance of Denominational Schools but intimates that he intends to vote against the Bill before the House. His speech was characterized by Mr. Greenwood as being a thoroughly Protestant speeoh, but he was going to give a Catholic vote. Of all the Catho lic Members who oppose the Bill, the out pourings of Mr. McElhone are the most honest. - It is his conviction that Denominational Education is a necessary ingredient of our Educational System, and whUst intimating his intention to oppose the measure, admits that the Government had no other course open to them than the one they have pursued, in the face of the challenge thrown down to them by Dr. Yaughan, who he Bays has been a firebrand and a curse to the colony since he pat his foot on her shores. Mr. McElhone also runs away with ; the belief that Denominational Schools are as good as many ochers. We believe that he errs here, and so far as our district is concerned, will prove it so. He further goeB on to say that Dr. Yaughan had done more to make edu- cation purely secular, compulsory) and free than had been done by all the advocates of secular education. If tho Denominational Schools in this colony wero lost — and he believed they would be — they might give Archbishop Yaughan the thanks and credit for it, and one thing was certain that if they did loso them, they had lost them, never to see them again. Whatever right Dr. Yaughan might have had to critioize the action of the Public Schools in regard to the Catholics, he had gone out of his way to accuse the Public Schools of being seed-plots of infidolity and all sorts of infamy. He did not believe their faith was trampled upon, for if father and mother failed to teach a child to walk in the ways of God, all the schoolmasters, priests, and parsons in the world would not make it a good Christian, a good citizen, or' a good subject, So much for that standpoint, and now to fulfil our promise of showing the opponents of the measure now before the House that they are wrong in saying that Denominational Schools : are as good as any others. Take fiistly tho late Church of England School at Pitt Town. This school dragged on a miserable existence for a number of years, and when a Public School was established at Grono Park, about two miles away, the larger children were sent there because they received a better education, and the Denominational School, situate right in the heart of the population, would have been closed long before it was but for the circumstance that small children could not put up with the fatigue of going so far to school Eventually, a Public school was established in the township, and the other, immediately collapsed. ' At Wilberforce we Know tor a tact that the Church of England Denominational School could only just be kept up to the average, whilst dozens of children walked all the way to Windsor coming from distances of four, and in some cases, six miles to school here. Upon the establishment of a Public School at Freeman's Reach and in the township, the Denominational school at once gave up tho ghost. In the sister town, Rich- mind, a Church of England Denominational School was throughly established, and a splendid school building provided, with a like result. It fled before the Public school in the same town, and whilst large additional buildings had to be provided in one case, the other was empty, and gradually sunk so low that the average attendance fell below soven, and the school was closed. There , is a Catholic ' Denominational school in the same town, whioh we are of opinion will soon follow in its footsteps. Coming nearer home what do we find in Windsor ? A Church of England Denominational School, which is only kept open because there are a number of children too small to bo trusted without proper protection so far away from home as the Public School is situate, and we venture to assert, had we a Public School at this end of the town, that the fate of the Denominational school would be hastened. There is a Catholic Denominational school here, which is attended more by Pro testants than Catholics, which would not .be the case had we another' Public school in the ' town to meet the growing requirements; If this school' depended upon Catholic children to keep up its average attendance, as required by the regulations, its time would have long since come, audit would have been but a thing of the past. ' So far we have treated our subject as to the regular attendance of children at the Denomi national Schools in this district, and we will now go further, in: answer to Messrs. O'Connor and McElhone,' and' show ' that Denominational schools are not as good as Public schools. Take for instance' the' number, of children attending . our JPublih Schools in this district, who have passed a successful civil service and matricula tion examination. How many have passed from the Denominational schools. We have taxed our memory, and what records are in our possession, and wo cannot find that a single . pupil from those schools has passed' an . examination, either for the oivil service, or have matriculated, while dozens from- the Public schools of Windsor, Richmond, and surroundings have made their mark. Where then is the boasted equality of Denominational with Public Schools ? Messrs O'Connor and McElhone, you '. are fully answered. " < 