THE ART OF COMPOSITION. Tbe following extract from an Eng lish paper witli reference to ' What it Cosls to Write Well,' may prove inter esting to many readers who are apt lo consider the art of composition very easy :— ' Excellence is not matured in a day, and the cost of it is on old story. The j beginning of Plato's ' Ei-public,' it is -ni.l, was found in an old tablet written uverin a variety of ways. Addison, wo are told, wore out the patience of his printer; frequently, when nearly a whole impres sion of the Spectator was worked oCf, he would stop the press to insert some new proposition. Lamb's most sportive i u e i ' * essays were the result ot most intense hraiu labor ; he used to spend a week at a time in writing a single humorous letter to a friend. Tennyson is re ported to bovo written 'Come inlo the Garden, Maud,' more Ihan fifty times over lu-fure it pleased him; and ' Locks lev Hall,' tbe first droftof which was written in two days, he spent the better part of siK weeks for eight hours o day, in altering and polishing. Dickens, when he intruded lo write a Chrisiraas story, shut himself up for six weeks, living tbe life of a hermit, and coming out as haggard as a murderer. Balzac, afkT he Im 1 thought out one of bis manner, retired to his study and from tbat time until bis book went to press society saw him ,.., more. When he appeared mnung his friends, lie looked, said his publisher, in the popular pliruse, like his own ghost. The manuscript was afterwords altered and copied, wbeu it passed into the hands of the. printer, from whose sli; i the hook was re-written a third time. Again it went into tbo bonds of the separate proofs being reqnircd before tho author's leave could be got lo send tlio perpetually te-writtcu book to press at last to have it done. He was literally tbe terror of all printers and editors. Moore tbou'-ht it quick work if he wrote seventy lines of 'Lalla Rookh' in n week. Kingnloke's 'Eotben,1 we ore tol.l, was rc-writteu five or six times, and was in the author's writing desk ilmost as long as Wordsworth kept White Doe of Uylsonc,' and kept like :bot, to bo taken out for review and .?orrection almost every day. Buf fon's 'Story of Nuture' cost him iflv years of labor before he sent it to tbo printer. ' He composed it n a singular manner writing ou largo sized paper, in which, as in a ledger, live distinct columns were ruled. In the first column ho wrote jown tbe first thoughts ; in the second he corrected, enlarged, or pruned it; and so ou until be readied tbe fifth column, within which be finally wrote the results of his labors. But even after this he would compose a sentence seventy times, and once devoted four teen hours to finding the proper word to round off a period.' .lohn Forster oftor spents hours on a binglc seutenco. Ten Tears elapsed between tho com mencement of (Joldsinilh's ' Traveller' and its completion. La Rochefoucauld spent fifteen years in preparing bis little bonk of maxims, altering some of them, Segoris says, nearly thirty times. We all know how Sheridan polished his nit and finished his jokes, the same things being found on different bits of paper, differently expressed. Rogers showed Crabbo llobinsoti a note of his ? Italy,' which he said took him two weeks to write. It consists of a very few lines.' 