I V Tlie Critic. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. , ii.. Kantttta written by Mostro Paolo Giorza, for tne it nf the Exhibition, is to bo repeated (by general re ope ni?nn Saturday for the masses who aro expected tobe qne»t) on ba "iUuJ ftn opportunity oí criticising its first Prince the opportunity for doing so Inst week having Kft^orco ol circumstances. It certainly was a most M&«te¿t? as, after the unveiling of tho statue of tho î?p2« «nd his Excellency and visitors with tho largo Qu^y,lT of the public had taken their seats, at tho signal SSTüS conductor,, the whole force assembled on tho or iroin lu» ^ oomnjencQ Giorza's cantata, the fWwÏÏohS written by Henry Kendall. The chorus, ? i »f«lfrom the mombersof tho Sacred Choral Association, íeleCif tho Civil Berrico Musical Society (of which Signor W«n's oherus (from tho public schools, under the ffn of Mr. J.C. Fisher) numbered 230. The principal! ?lints were Mrs. P. "Wells «nd Miss Moon, soprano! Miss SSS6SMCbui contralto; Mr. Vernon ÂeicL tenor; Ai Kr T Bomford, bass. The orchestra numbered 42 ¡ ?*«uriontB -Eight first violins, BÍX second violins, four tostromonw. » b /imMn hasses, two flutes, two Ästwo violoncellos, four doublo bassos, two flutes, two iS«ts two horns, four trombones, one obee, one bas dT four corsets, two drums. Mr. W. Gr. Broadhurst was hofflfc 0¿ an estrade im front of tho conductor's itond a few feet below tho main orchestra, wore four grand .*«"/l n. lew feet oeiOW lu« mimi uiuliuDB», "»» t Ss, on which was played tho pretty p^,,ni.lment to tho childrens chorus repre SSffi of harps, by tho following young lady Äurt Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs, Miss Flora Farrell, Miss i^v WiltonVMiss Anna Lauro, Misa K. Hyam. Miss Bertha ffiJ and Miss M. Ickerson, who were under tho charge if Rtonora Luigia Giorza, professor of music, fronr-the Conservatoire of Music at Milan, and wife of the composer. Ino voices were arranged BO OS to produce tho fullest volume of sound, taking into consideration the absence of 111 acoustic properties in a building of this character. The children were placed in tho frontrows, immediately behind the orchestra on the central plattorm and m the reserve wines and were divided into two bands of sopranos and contraltos. Of the main chorus tho sopranos, with «in tenors behind thom, formed tho right wing of the Wtalion. from tho centre line of the conductors stand, tho altos and the basses the loft wing. It wis a pleasing sight, and ono that could not falito be verv eratifying, as it was complimentary to tho general composer to seo amongst the singers snoh veteran or popu, lw conductors as W. Stanley, J. C. Fisher, Montague Younger, and Hector M'Lean, who, without that petty iealousv, and putting aside all points of professional etiuuette, joined heart and soul in tho chore seB of the cantata, tims aiding with their voices in giving effect to tho work of their brother nrtist, aa did also those excellent vocalists Madame Carandini,. Mica Marie Carandina, Miss Melville, and Mr. W. Sher win who had arrived that morning from tho North just in time to add to the ensemble. Such musical re-umons go a long way in assisting tho art in this country. Tho organ docs not appear to bo very brilliant or smooth of tone, tho handsome faces of the pipes having possibly Jed to its selection. , \- Tho cantata commences with a p loasmg instrumental pre lade having reference to tho rising of AustraHa from out tho darkness surrounding it, indicated by the tremolo of tho strings, the movement beingtaken up by the reod and wood, : and Anally by tho brass and concussion instruments, lead ing by graduated passages in regular ascent to the opening chorus, abeautif ni andante in 3-4 time in the key o£ A natu ral-" Songs of Morning with your Breath," It commences very piano and in a fugued stylo, and increases gradually lill every voice blonds in repeating tho phrase of tho intended melody, producing a grand effect. The harmonies of thia chorus beoomo vory rieh ns the motive is worked out into a very fino sequence on the phrase, " Put your brightest garments on." Tho trumpets sound an approach, ns, at the commence ment of tho second strophe, a soprano recitative (Mrs.' Wollß) announces, " Lo I -they come, the lords unknown," in double allusion to tho first settlement of the country and of tho visitors to the Exhibition. This is taken up by tho chorus, and has a further direct allusion to tho Exhibition, at which the representatives of the "Shiningnations" aro gathered. This chorus Is a very Joyful allegro In tho key of F, repeating the opening phre.se of the text, and ends very brilliantly, with some fine orchestral effects, accom panying the passage, "Let them see how like England we can bo. Tho third and final strophe of tho first part ie a tenor solo (sung bj Mr. Vernon Reid) "By the, days that sound afar," bidding all at the present moment to rc-' Bomber the trials that were experienced by their fathers ta settling the country, and exhorting nil to good deeds for tho future, "lot tho beauty of your race glow like morn ing in your face," The air is exceedingly pretty and melodious, and the accompaniment is in accordance with tho motive, full, yet not overcrowded so as to deprive tho voice of its proper effect. Ibo second part is exceedingly happy. Tho text Is a song of three verses, whose burdon is descriptivo of what the country was " A hundred years ago." In tho handling of this the composer has been singularly fortunate, as if by inspiration; he has written for this part thrco solos, caoh of -which, with additional words, will form a pleasing "song" for futuro occasi»ns. Tho first ' is for tho bass (Mr. T. Eainford) "Wh'ero now a radiant city stands, ' and gives au idea of rudeness by tho peculiar rough harmonies of the orchestral accompaniment as indicative of the savage state of nature at thut time. Thence rising higher in tho scale of civilization, as settle ment takes tho placo of a rude uncultivated savage y°ss, oomcs the contralto air (for Miss Marie St. Clair,) Upon tho hillB,"alovoly melody and most dooidedly the gem of the cantata. iThero is a degree of dra matic forco and vigour about it, not observable in tue other solos, but that may be from its-delinea bon. It is very Melodious and flowing, and thero isa freshness and originality about it that is very effective. « 4. Iis?,eml)1J' thought so, too, by the marked applause tuat followed itB termination. Tho melody has a very gracefully marked accompaniment for violas and violon cellos, these stringed instruments of the middle tomes Doing very apt in sustaining tho power of tho contralto voice, whilst the light touches of tho violins at tho close form a graceful amalgamation. The third of this series, tho soprano solo (Miss Moon) "Ah, imply on some mossy slope," ls preluded by a warming passage for flute, oboe, and clarionet indicating' ine theme. This is an aria (the only ono of the kind in tne composition) in tho Italian florid stylo ; it is rich and very appropriate for a soprano voice. It conveys the con trast between what is now and what was then " a hundred ' JJuS^ÍÍ^PÍ.000818*8 of two short strophes, the first of » ,,odel]çhtful chorus for children, "Agracious S"?' Agracious melody, indoed, gracefully set, with its SP accompaniment for pianos-d Varpa, played by e gat most graceful ladies accompanying the fresh "gro »PJfwMni?er T0lces of 200 joting children-is not only snS^?I y,i uí,Jery B0Vel- This is followed by'another KSK Vo1?. (Mr.s- Wells) "And hence a fair dream." inhmfif? PifwuB:" the poet sees in his mind's eye the all/tLl ,taîlk '. but the composer has been content to wl.ii, ïords to Jory un-Waguerian music of tho presont, teri * »orte?ds will last as long as the weLfl iieprfisontsv "Th0 »elody is happily « favm,rL=by-^. ^os and tho violas (Evidently OTonÄi?*11 S"S?T Giorza) and the Colins giving a fcimi Äie,on their highest notes; thus leading with a to bi?" ÏÂtcy ?f " Tho splendid marvels of tho years exal?¿rtí?5.tbeA7tmJ>et8 and trombones expresa the «oued ecstasy of the dreamer. Darinji6?,?t?f a£ew P"** ensues as if every one were pre ÖMpl£V0«hanH t0 tb8 "bather all Bountiful," Sered ffi. »,t T/T^ par£ which« »nsically common^ 1}h* boBt w«* of tho composition. It commences with a calm and devotionally written Md taU, ,^B4 hy,i 0lffht bas3 voicos in -maison, Some of ÄP ateníate phrases by the other voices, effects LSITS P^swos have very peculiar contrasting W6??4 ty tlleir beill<ï Partly unaccompanied, orohestrf^MÏ chanF08 hi ascending passages by the hi one teÄ^H11 Joi?es oifcer voices fall Tn and join ttCuteíWAT11?/ k the pause of tho the voice?Sf the¿ T.a charmingly phrased melody, ^ohyolXl ^ ffi* °íher i»alternate passages, the "Snen!" g ^ otcllestra and orga¿ ixl tho «ttg.6tii?^a,aa5!osln? choruses wore well and smoothly tat it WMTPT! -0f-íKO7?íoe,s teinK tolerably well balanced ; ^owJS^^J?Btth!lt »any of the voices (or rather fa; and wfÀ, ^? dummies, neither ornamental nor use '.'^««^Í.Tirw"6^8 ^Sbt exclaim, "Que diable «Hîè at thi) fa%re ^ vMn f The unison paB ^^eadi^ Mffienceme^of the prayer (Part IV.) was very wu/i wathe responding part of the chorus decidedly out of tune in the bass. Had the intentions of the com poser been rightly interpreted, we think that the first part of this would have been breathed out pianissimo and almost £o!to;i'oce, as if in devotional aspiration; and that then tho power would have increased gradually till a climatic fortissimo was reached. It seemed throughout the choral part as though thero had been rather too much independence of action at some of tho early rehearsals. " Look out for tho beginnings" is a free translation of a very applicable motto. Tho enunciation of thc words, too, wa3 very slovenly and imperfect. This very necessary feature iu vocalisation should not bo neglected by our musical societies. The children's chorus was beyond praise, and too much laudation can scarcely be given to Mr. Fisher for tho perfectness of their singing. Time, tuno, precision, and attention to direc tions wore all admirably marked; the steadiness was that of a rock,-nothing could shake tho little vocalists. A burst of applauso followed their singing, and the accom paniment of tho lady pianists heightened tho effect with their unerring accuracy. This wa3 certainly one of tho most brilliant features of tho cantata, as tho cautol a itself was at the opening ceremonial j it is rare to weet with so many amateurs who could do justicote a piece introduced in a peculkir manner, and ut a moment under trying cir cumstances j but tho clear ringing notes of tho four in struments came out crisp and sharp, aa if from beneath one pair of hands. Tho time was perfect ; and it is in this point alone that our many talented amateurs do well to profit by lessons from Msestro Giorza ; when listening to tho play ing of those who do so, ono can distinguish a polka from a galop, or a waltz from a schottische, a difficulty in tho case of many other amateurs. Ol tho execution of tho solos, the palm must, undoubtedly, bo given to Miss St. Clair; shouot only knew how to throw her pure voice forward, so that its richest tones reaehed farthest without tho slightest apparent straining, but sho sang as though she felt tho import of the text, and by her dramatio style and clear enunciation to givo duo effect to tho words as well as .to tho intentions of tho composer. It was not mero ballad singing-it was artistic. Mr. Vernon Reid sang with great purity and sweetness ; his voice, however, is bettor calculated to produce eilect in a room of moderate sizo. The music allotted to Mrs. Wells being of a very nigh rango in consequence of its prophetic character, had to bo rather too forcibly sung by tho lady. Miss Moon gavo her solo with sweetness, her voice sound ing very agreeable Thc enunciation might bo better. Mr. Ramford appeared to force his voico rather boyond his oontrol, and was slightly out of tune in ono or two passages. Tho orchestra followed the conductor's beat with precision: it shonld have had double its strength for such a building and with such a body of singers. Tho pretty prelude to tho soprano solo iu part H., oughtto have had each instrument tripled to have reaehed any distance. Tho enthusiasm at tho termination of tho muric was most livoly ; and when, at tho request of Lord Loftus, Mr. Jennings sent for Signor Giorza and in troduced him to his Excellency, and tho Masstro was con gratulated by Lord Loftus, the Marquis of Normanby, Sir William and Lady Jervois, and thanked by Mr. Jennings, on behalf of tho commission amidst tho cheers of the audi ence, it was felt that the compliment paid him was well de served, and a just tributo to his merits. It is a rather singular fact that Mr. Broadhurst, who acts as organist at the first International Exhibition held in the Southern Hemisphere, should havo also taken part in the musical celebration at tho first Exhibition held in London, in 1851, when he held tho position of choristur. We have often taken occasion to spoalc of the talont foi art that exists in the young na tives of the colony, and our musical circles are constantly replenished with those who, eithor'as amateurs or professionals, aro likely to tako a prominent position if they havo the perseverance to con tinue their studies with the requisite zeal. Miss Slattery as a vocalist, and Miss Hyam as a pianist we have recently alluded to a9 tho latest proofs of our assertion ; and at Sirjnor. Ortori's concert another neo phyte (Miss VAbrams, a pupil of Signora Fabris) entered tho arena of professional art with a success which augurs well for tho future. " Wc aro always glad to soo our album of, native musicians filling with the names of those who desire to proceed boyond the limits of pampered and Ílotted amatonrhood (in which dogreo they aro spoiled by also meretricious adulation, and taught by massive flattory to beliove themselves divinities), into the perilous path of professional lifo, where close application to study and earnest zeal will bo strictly necessary to koop them aloft and prevent their sinldng to a common level; and we are only too glad to hold out to them the hand of encouragement, and bid them be of good cheer. We have lately had occasion to speak of tho large amount of musical taloiit there is in Sydney, if wo had only an authorised school in which it could bo developed, and Miss ' Abrams is a case in point. Sho possesses a naturally puro and sweet soprano voico of groat compass, but whose timbre (or quality) and power aro not yet fully developed. She sings carefully, and with a fair amount of expression, and with good taste, not at present too lavish of embellishment. The pieces sung by Miss Abrams during tho evening wero : -Millard's "Waiting," "Regnava ucl silenzia" (Lucia), "Whenlover's say 'Good night"' (Hatton), and Verdi's "D'Amoro sul'ali rosee" (Trovatore), tho latter two pieces in response to oncoros, which were kindly encouraging. All these pieces sorved to display tho qualifications of Miss Abrams as a vocalist from whom something very good may be expected. And now another aspirant for public fame-of whom wo have hitherto heard nothing-appears on tho threshhold of the templo of art, this'time in tho dramatic court. Miss Annie Mayor, who last, week appeared for tho first time before tho public under the auspices of Mr. George Dar rell, is a native of Sydney, we believe-a young lady of highly respectable parentage and position, who has chosen the stage as the arena for tho display of her abilities. Theso sho possesses in a very marked degreo : and, though it may be some timo .ere Miss Mayor tako tho world by storm, and sho must, like the greatest artists, commence at the lowest rung of the ladder, and climb tho steep ascent by tho aid of close study and steady perseverance ; yet she possesses tho material and qualifications for success which-if tho young lady bo not spoiled by injudicious flattery-will undoubt edly lead herto a very high position. It is very eviaentthafc Miss Mayor has been early and thoroughly well trained in elocution. She pronounces well and carefully, and her ennunciation is clear and distinct. The words aro cot run into each other, but tho duo elocutionary pausation has bees well practised by judicious exercises. Miss Mayor possesses a sweet and round-toned voico, the modulation is effectivo, and the inflections aro very marked, without "being obtrusive. When the debutante shall have acquired more accurate knowledge of 6tage business sho cannot fail to achieve success. Miss Jenny Tanner is another young Australian, who mado her first appearance on the »arno occasion j she has a fine stago appearance, which will be of great advantage to her in the profession she has chosen. Wo shall certainly watch the career of these two young ladies with interest j and we thank Mr. Darrell for introducing them to tho Australian stago. Our remarks apply only to the little drama, " Alone," byPalgravo Simpson and Herman Merivale, in which the young ladies had, at all events, fair parts, not too tax ing for debutantes ; but- if they aro to make progress in their profession, it will not be in so stupid a play as *' The Deerslayer," or in that pernicious goody-goody monstro sity "Ton Nights in a Bar-room," in which a doubtful moral is implied after being dragged through a whole in ventory of horrors. Sydney is surely full enough of actual degradations of the kind without their being brought be fore us in highly-coloured " bluo ruin" picturos of a very doubtful tendency. Like the piece "L'Assommoir," now playing in Paris (and in London under tho titlo "Drink") wo doubt the curativo effects of such representations, From Queen Elizabeth to Judy O'Trott (in "Ireland as it was") is the ono' step-or, rather, leap-from tho sub lime to the ridiculous : but Miss Dargon tooK it boldly, and (though the historical drama was just beginning to attract attention and make a decided success,) has won a far greater popularity by her enactment of the low comedy character. However much' Miss Dargon's acting in this part may proclaim her versatility, wo cannot but deploro the necessity for such a change, and even its success as evincing a want of appreciation of Miss Dargon's higher dramatic powers. Of oourse, reputation or no reputation, the interests of the treasury have to bo consulted, amd tho crowds filling tho theatre since the productionof this Irish Eiece prove its attractive power even to people who should ave higher aspirations. Tet the attraction lay in Miss Dargon's assumption of tho part of the jig-dancing Judy, becauso tho play has not always drawn such houses. Many artists would not have such a pieoo in thoir ropar tory, and then-it could not be played. In a little comedietta entitled "Our Wife" (îrom the French-scene, Aurions- time, 1634), Mr. H. Vincent gave favourable evidence of ability as the Count de Brissao. Wo are greased to notice this since, from his rendition of Mac beth, wo were inclined to believe that Mr. V.incont was a ranter with the vox et proUrea nihil, First impressions ore not always uialterablo, Whilst wandering, not always without difficulty, along the liighways and byways ot science, now literally burning our fingers with some uncertain experiment, now listening wearily to the drearily uttered scutcucos of soino Pro fessor Dry-as-dust wrapped in a labyrinthine confusion of scientific nomenclature or equivaleuts, wo have wondered whether it would ever bo our good fortune to seo in this country a friend of our youth, the mau who mado great London ring with tho marvels of its polytechnic, who made science a popular entertainment as distinguished from class-room lectures and learning, who raised ghosts around us at will, who-unintentionally, no doubt gave us tho kcy-noto to modern sensationalism, who brought before us iu tho loveliest forms tho iridescent tints from tho realms of light, who made electricity a plaything for us, gaveus the earliest ideas of the later tele phone, and explained to us (without jargon), the thousand and-ono marvels of science,-tho renowned Professor Pepper 1 The thought was begotten of tho wish, and the wish has been gratified. The popular scientist, is hero de lighting us now as ho did tho thousands of yore who daily flocked to his chambers of scientific mysteries,-as fresh, as jovial, as simple in language, as clear in explanation, as free from causes, but as full of effects, and as delightfully amusing RS ever. To describe all he does or a tithe of it would bo impossible ; ho docs it himself far better than wo could, and in language suitablo to the understanding of a child or an adult in science, and thereforo there is no rea son to speak of his experiments in a criticsl capacity. To tho Garden Palace concerts and other amusements of the city wo hopo to bo able to render a show of justice next week. ENOEMOS. 