A MEETING was held at the George hotel last Saturday morning to arrange for opening a corn exchange in Ballarat. This step was supplemental to what had taken place in Melbonrne a few days before; and ao cording to all accounts, the movement is to be carried from one end of the colony to the other nntil a corn exchange exiBts in every centre. The objects of this movement, as stated by the promoters, are somewhat numerous and varied i bat the main ones are as follow:—To regulate the pricc of corn and floor daily; to establish a centre, where dealers and farmers can meet to exchange experiences; to receive and post •p telegrams from all parts. of the colony relating to the corn and flour trade, showing the condition and prices of each market; to gather similar information from other parts of the world, whose condition affects the trade of Victoria, and generally to protect the interests of the Victorian farmer and the Victorian bnyer alike, and adopt all means necessary for the pnrpoee. - The intention farther is that all,com exchanges in Victoria shall correspond with each other for their mutual benefit; so that when the fanner, the miller, or the general dealer wants to know, before he enters upon a transaction, exactly how the markets stand in the different parte of the colony and elsewhere, he will only have to enter the local exchange to obtain the requisite information. Such are the salient objects which were pnt forward at the meeting' held in the George hotel last Saturday morning, and at the first blgsh it seems hard to understand how ~ any protest can be urged against their ' realisation. It is alleged that the manner in which the corn trade is carried on at the present time is anything bat perfect. The farmer is often in the hands of the miller or agent; that is to say, he has obtained from one or other of them an advance on his crop, and is compelled, by the terms of his mortgage, to deliver it for sale on a certain date. The sale is then hurriedly pushed through; and, by reason of there being bo price fixed by representatives of the trade, the farmer usually gets the worst of the transaction. Of course all the farmers are not in this condition. In more favorable cases, the farmers can take time to ascertain rates, or hold back for an increase; and therefore, unlike the poor growers, these farmers are not prejudicially disturbed by the absence of any authoritative acnoaooemeDt of prices. Still, it is said, this class are not over well satisfied with existing arrangements, because they possess oo definite means of knowing when is the most snltable time to sell, where the most profitable price can be obtained, or securing such other information as would prove beneficial to their pockets. Then, the millers say that, under existing circumstances, they trade very much in the dark, by which thfly -areiof ten considerable losers; while the agents are said to be not at all certain that they do as well as they onght under the present system.—A sort , of ^11- round growl is, therefore, said to prevail at the manner in . which the -com trade is now carried on in Victoria,' or for want of a more definite system being adopted for the purpose. -This being the case, then, it is contended that a com exchange should te. established in each centre; and every person, , interested in the •corn trade, it is .said, would ,be wonderfully benefited if this idea were caniedonto practical operaUon-Now^here wehavepreeented the millers' eide.'^of the page; if ^ there was nothing else to be said, it would, as-we have remarked above, be entireiyconclaeive on the subject. It would iehow that corn exchanges are badly wanted in Victoria, 'and that no. time :shonId be lost in bringing them into general practice. But there is something mote to be said on this subject There-is, lb fact, the iisaal other side to the quettion. Some of the farmers, and no email portion of the agents also, dissent altogether from the object for which the meeting was held in the Geoige hotel on Saturday morning, because they Bay that if that object was realised a great deal of. mischief ..would follow. No benefit would accrue to the farmer or to the middleman, or to the general public. On the contrary, the first and the last would be -fleeced, while the second wooldeoon find his occupation gone, and thos both the grower and the consumer would be seriouay affected. ,In plainer langaage, :it iis contended that jail the millers-are after is to form a u ring " for their own. benefit,- and. that the jnovetnent that has been started, to establish com exchangee, ' haa: been; introduced for this end no other purpoee. "Henbe some of the fanners, and some of the agents also, protest against the . form'ation . of these corn: exchanges, and are' by no means mild: In their ^objections. Sow, it is not pnr ' intention- ', to decide . between these rivalpactieB, faecaqae,-tir sober trn&,.we do not sufficiently nnden^g'r^Vteduncal part:of the business' to -play tie 'rofe umpire; —or—plunge^tato* - any ~otber undertaking of the UkBideicription. we must say this, in view-of the hostility with which this movEBaeiit has teen met. Tbeie should be no corn-exchange established in Ballarat or ebewhere ontil the subject lias been thoroughly ventilated ttirough But • the press or at public meetings, and until it has been conclusively shown that, instead of suffering any wrong, both the farmers and the public would be benefited by its existence. if a corn exchange here would be beneficial all round, then by all means let an exchange be started. But if it would not be beneficial; if it would simply mean' the killing of all wholesome competition, and the creating of a " ring" for the benefit of the millerB, then the less we have to do with a com exchange the better it will be for the farmers and the public, and the reputation of the district also. We want no food monopolies here ; and certainly nothing of the sort will be tolerated for a single moment. Let us, then, have thewhole project thoroughly ventilated, and both sides be clearly and exhaustively stated. We shall then know whether a cqra exchange would be a great good ora great evil; and the pnblic, who are so immensely interested in a case of this kind, have a clear right to have all doubtful pointa cleared up in connection with this matter, before any attempt is made to give practical effect to the movement. It is for the millers to meet e very one of the objections that has been raised, because they were the first to start the subject. THE mining share market had a very satisfactory firmness last week; but although sales were not particularly numerous, still nearly all stocks had a fair demand, and the presence of buyers had the effect of counteracting the slight depression of the previous week. Kingston stocks, however, were in the ascendant, and the continued good .yields in all respects justify the increase in value which has taken place in the mines. Histori, for instance, having opened with buyers at £5 14s, advanced steadily'ito the' close, 1 and holders would not part under £6 7s; while De Morska rose from 22s 6d to 24s 6^. Dyke's jNorth-Weat, also, were in favor, arising from the determination of the company to put down -a—shaft at once, in the belief that the gutter will be met with in their ground; while holders of Loughlin's and Lone Hand were firm at ^ 18s and S6s fid respectively, although buyers were numerous at prices slightly under those figijfps. Dyke's, on the other hand, sold from 18s 3d to 17s 6d, but shares were not to bCT&ad; under 18s -Sd at the close of the market. The demand for Egerton stocks was strong all the week, Black Horse having advanced from £5 5s to £5 10s, and buyers of Egerton from 50b to 51b 6d; while Parker's United had a comparatively steady market, at prices ranging ' between 9d and 4s lid Danolly stocks also continued fijtn, Queen's Birthday haying had boBi- D6BS up to £13 12s 6d, while North Birthday recovered from 20s to 22s sales. The greatest decline took place in Newington shares, which suddenly dropped from 38s to 33s, in consequence of the new make of stone recently discovered not having so far shown the presence of gold. New North Clones stock also were easier, and sold aB low as £10; but there are not many investors desirous ol quitting, and bnyers are unable to obtain shares at that price. There are few incidents to record in the work of practical development since onr last summary, but in our immediate neighborhood the excellent yield of 281 oz 11 dwt for the fortnight from the reef - wash in the old Band and Albion Consols ground Is an evidence that the mineral wealth in that locality is not yet exhausted; while the Guiding Star tribute to the south is still in good payable quartz, the last yield being 92 oz of gold. In both these mines there is every prospect of a continuance of good fortune, in the former more especially. At Kingston steady yields and good progressive work are the principaLfeatures. The Loughlin bore is now down about 120 feet, while on both the eastern and western leads shafts are being put down to catch the gutter farther ahead. The Clones Consals, we notice, has, after ;e&T8; of perseverance and call-paying, at last struck a promising leader of quartz at the 762 feet level, and anticipate intersecting the famonB Western reef in a few feet more driving. Should this anticipation be realised, we are sore that none will more deserve snocess than the placky and enterprising shareholders, who have backed their faith by the steady payment of calls month after month. At Blackwood, we understand there is a probability of the ground known as the Tonng Sultan being again re-prospected^ while the only thing fresh in alluvial matters relates to the Smytbesdale district,- where a small rush has taken place to some ground near the racecourse at Derwent JackB. The prospectors -have already had very fair returns. The sinking is from 60 feet to 70 feet, and "several shafts are being pnt down to prove the. value of the gutter. The Hand and Band v the National Bank lawsuit still drags along, bat it now seems probable that a month or two will see a settlement of some kind, a result most devoutly to be wished 1 by the shareholders of the company, - who "have struggled bravely to get what they deem to be their just demands. The only dividend declared daring the week was by the Bacecourse Company, of Is per share, and the comparative yields are as follow :— Week. Week Before oa dwt gr oz dwtrgr Oily of Canterbury......... 43 2 12 44 11 0 147 11 0 1S110 0 De Muskis. 112 17 0 119 5 0 Duchess 17 10 0 Si 19 0 £gerton 226 0 0 231 0 0 Kingston Park 70 14 T> 55 1 0 Little 8treun, Kewtown... 17 15 12 Hew Victoria. 101 18 0 67 18 0 JXew Lothair. 26 17 12 23 3 18 Reform X14 T7 0 " ~25S'"0~ir Byan's Junction 83 8 0- ' ' 83' IS, 0 ttacecourbe 180 0 0' ^ 156 11 0' Kistari .246 S -Ol JS20 6- <T Bcarsdale .......M..^..^... 13 14 18 Trunk Lead 76 8 0 U'll 0 last ; Fortnight Fortnight' Before. Black Horse .... COS 0 0 208 0 0 Band and Albion Consols 281 U 0 168 8 0 Guiding Star 52 .118 126 4 0 Llawelljn 11 10 18 Hew North Clones £89 0 0 148 0 0 New Cimocbfs 27 0 07 ", SI 14" 0 Parker's United ............ 176 0 0 16810 0 Queen's Birthday 682 0 0 422 15 0 204 8^-0 0 fion-.h filnnftg— 436-0- 0 857 8 0 Smytbesdale Consola".....'. 16 14 IS" " --9 6 The board of enquiry appointed to investigate the dispute* amongst the late staff of Soldiers" "Bill State School have recti red aletferftom the eecretary for the Education Department, stating' that the report of the board ha"d betii received and dopted, blether with its finding, "which u"ai' fellows-.—» allows -.—" The majority.of maioritv of Jlie Jjie board flba fioa tiiat the charges against Mr Cox axe-not anatained 'by the evidence, the graver cbjjgcsJ>eiilE eiinr£ly disproved ; but inasmuchju.beupettp.to havegirin wsy to temper, - altbongh -jnobablyJjinder^TrttWng' provocation, they consider bm -destaging of mild censure.. 2. That on the 27th~Si^tember last Mr and Mipfitreeter weregnQfr ef gross (mtxbordination, calculated tothe*ntitesobv9sionjof;sehppldisdptine, agd tending to t^ag&ao;&aanon; of t&e; sdunl, and that, therefore,'theysxetleservingof severe censure." ._',.,.. . . We regret to record tfae death al."Mt 'Btbttrt Menriei, which took place' off fialiirday evening between vine sud ten tfdode, mfte*i|iatSi week's" illness, and arose from internal inflammation. ^Wr Mfiiiziea"waa ooe.'-o! hour ,<n(MtCfapebtsi-:XBa esteemed dtitizenSj liaviiig-i'beett airicsAjst'ttte active members oi the firm of-Fswsey, and CoV btit latterly n t amdBBai ^tbe' establishment of Walker, Bk£man7«&I;<3d/ -In addition to being a kind-fatubsna and fattier, Ma RY 27, 1879. generous and upright disposition drew towards hint friends innumerable in all classes of society, and .the general expression of heartfelt regret evinced on Saturday evening and yesterday in the dty and tows on learning of bis death was proof of the estimation in which the deceased was beld. Hr Uenzin leaves a wife and family of six children to mourn bis loss. Visitors to the Gong Gong and the other reservoirs during the hot season will do well to look carefully where" 1 they are (leading, for snakes of various lands are very numerous this season. Yesterday afternoon Mr J. BofF. Jan., when crossing the stone channel leading from Kirk's to the Gong Gong, came across two snakes, coiled up on the stonework. He promptly despatched the reptiles with his umbrella, and on examining them found they were of the black and carpet species. The black one measured over S feet in length, and and the other waa nearly as long. On Sunday afternoon the grass in Ruiiell square was set on fire by some little boy who was smoking there. Both fire-hella tolled out an alarm, and the firemen turned out and beat the flames oat with bonghe, no harm having been done beyond the scorching of two or three young trees. It is with great regret that we announce the death, from typhoid fever, of Mrs Cane, the wife of Mr H. D. Cane, of the malting firm of Cane and White. The deceased lady had been ill for some four weeks, and a week before ber death was apparently convalescent, but she suffered a relapse, and from it never recovered, bot expired about five o'dock'on Saturday afternoon. Beside the domestic affliction her untimely demise will occasion, the parish, in which she resided for a long period, will Ioeb one the most benevolent and ,1. J! J _r ... :.v.:,.-/... Fn,,hBlitaMH kindly disposed of its parishioners, for the late Mrs Cane waa always amongst the foremost in any benevolent or charitable movements in connection with the parish of St. Peter's. The following notice waa on Saturday served „ j the manager of the BaDwat branch of the Union Bank;Of Australia by Mr John Drmnmond:—" — Orr, Esq4 themanager of the UnionBank of Australia, Ballarat.—Sir,—I have the bonor to draw your attention to the fact the Btmgareeshire Council is illegally receiving accommodation in money from the Union Bank of Australia, Ballarat-(of which yon are tbe manager), which the municipality is not legally bound to reply. I beg to invite your attention to the Local Government Act. 1874, 38 Victoria, also section 345 of some act.. Doubtless you are aware that prior to the conclusion of the financial year, 30th September, 1878, the abovenamed council was indebted to your bank no less a sum than £4130 la 8d—a sum of money whizh the municipality is not legally bound to repay; and. that through all the period of the.financrftl year for 30th September, 187", to 30th September, 1878, advances in money were received by the Bungaree shire Council from tbe Union Bank of Australia, Ballarat, in violation of the 312nd clause of the statute made and provided for the special protection of the property ot ratepayers. I beg, therefore, most respectfully, as a property-holder and ratepayer in the shire of Bungaree, to protest against any further accommodation in money being allowed as on the credit of the municipality named aforesaid from the Union Bank of Australia, Ballarat.^I am, JOHIT DECMMOKD, a propertyholder asd ratepayer of the shire of Bungaree." At a meeting of farmers, millers, and grain dealers, held at the George botel on Saturday, & motion was carried to the effect that it was desirable to establish a corn exchange in this town. The idea in establishing an exchange is ttJ bring buyera and sellers together, so that both may be well posted up in prices and other information relative to the trade, and to bring outside buyers to the tjwn ; also to prevent country dealers being taken advantage of by Melbourne dealers when a spurt in any line of produce takes place, and by establishing branch exchanges ill 'all tbe np- country towns to regulate prices to-certain authorised standards, whiph it is said is's want greatly felt at present. It is not intended that there shall be any combination, or to do sway with agents, the conclusion of tbe meeting a sub-committee was appointed to draw up a report for the next meeting, which will be held on Saturday, the 1st proximo. A meeting of the Bungaree Board of Advice, No. 114, was bdd at the (Sty Hall on Saturday morniAg; tbe chairman {Mr Drommond) and Messrs Skoglund, lloskin, and Persse being pre- sent. A letter waa read from the lion, the Minister of Public Instruction, informing tbe board that he had given orders for a new school to be erected at Upper Moor&bool;, No- 640, as soon aa possible. The triiant inspector's report for the three months ending 30th September last stated—(1) He had noticed an unusual exodus from the State Bchools of the district, caused, he had been informed, by tbe direct commands of the R. C. clergy. (2) The head teachers of the Junction, Ormond, and, Clarke's Bill Ho man Catholic schools bad promised to forward him certificates of the attendances of the children; some of these certificates he had already obtained. (3) He-aaden&ood;, however, that many children attending private schools went to school when they pleased, and got credit for regular attendance. (4) He had visited Fellmongers school on Monday last, and fonnd thirtyeight children present: *of this number there were only thirteen children who had not been in attendance at some other school in tbe district. The truant inspector t u instructed to t&te; proceediogs against some offending parents, and to enquire-into several cares of breaches of the compulsory clause, and report upon them. Tbe chairman's report detailed the progress made during the past year in providing school accommodation in the district. Four new schools had been erected, and numerous alterations and improvements "bad been effected to old buildings. Mueb, however, yet remained for the board to do in the matter of fencing-in school ground, planting them, and in supplying tbe teachers with residences. - A new schooLhad .been promised at Bolwarra, and groand had already been reserved for a aite. The attendances at tbe schools were good, and tbe chairman wished to draw attention to the efficiency of the teachers .of the district, and the success that had attended their efforts. The best thanks of the board were due to tbe truant inspector, Hr L. S. Blair, for the' very efficient manner in which he had discharged his exacting duties; to tbe hon. the Minister .of Education, who had always been ready to assist the board in obtaining the required school accommodation. The report concluded by congratulating the board on the very satisfactory condition of the district. Mr Drummond, chairman and correspondent, ,stated that he bad accepted :a position under the Education Department; he had, therefore, to hand in his resignation as a memberof the board of advice. MrPersse was'then appointed chairman, and Hr Skoglnnd correspondent, and on th< motion of Mr Hoskin, Mr f)rnmmond's resignation was accepted with regret." A vote'of thanks was then moved to Mr- Drummond, who suitably responded to it, and the board then adjourned." Between two and three pj*. on Saturday last fire broke out in aome bedrooms at tbe rear of Mr J. Parker's residence in Burke -etreet, Smythesdale, and before an}* assistance. conld be rendered, tbe whole! range' of' rooms -and their contents were burnt'down. The fire brigade came down with their engine and boee as .quickly as possible, but aa there was great difficulty in - getting water, the engine was very little use. Fortunately the wind waa blowing from the dweJliDg-house, which WSB consequently saved. Mr-Parker estimates his loss at about £30, and was uninsured. The annual conference o l . f r o m the various branches of the Australian Natives' Association was held at Craig's hotd oil; 'Friday eveniog. : Present—Messrs O'Callaghan and -Colgan from the Melbourne branch, -Callden and Wain- -wright from tha Ballanti'CahiU-from the Sandhurst,'Jennings and Curtain from the Eaglehawk, and Oliver and Wey from' the Prahran. Hi 'O'Callagban waa voted to- tbe chair. Correspondence of a .routine nature was dealt with, sud die balance-sheets nud "snditon'report were adopted. The balaace-sbeeta show that the association funds are ina healthy condition; and Irani what transpi red at the meeting, it is expected that there will be a large increase of members daring the forthcoming year. The following officers were elected for ib£ ensuing year.-—President, Mr S. Cadden; vicepresidents, Messrs J. Cahill and W. Oliver; secretary, Mr J. Colgan; treasurer,- Mr F. C. Wain wright; auditors, Messrs Jennings and la ley. waa resolved that tbe next conference should held (it Sandhurst. Frier to the meeting, the visiting. delegates, accompanied by some of . tbe leading members of the locaLb'mach, madg a tour of inspection:.around the rity-and environB. As usual,' the'late" and. enrnmndings attracted the appreciative" gaze of the strangers, and prompted many erfwesiioaa of envy at the adrantages enjoved by the reridents of Ballarat. ', "There was a very Iflrge'huniber of vifitora'at tbe lake and gardens' yesterday!"The" numerous craft jdying to: and from die ' latter were all well patronised?- Tbe water iu'tbe&ke.; is very low just now, and, unless a large volume ii added te it soon, .-tbe steamboats and larger isnfisg craft -will suffer the usual summer inconvenience of a want of anffl cTcnt fieptti of witcr. - The ReoUeman wbo waa ordained here last year by Dr Tbamton, and' appointed to the parish of -BallAn, ia 'Mr Campbell,- formerly one of the represents tires , of Croplands in the Legislative Assembly. >3r Campbelln sDi. ol (lie Cainbridge University, arid has always, been a staunch supparterot the.Church of jBpgland, although born in Presbyterian. A testimonial to Mr Campbell talked ol at Pleasant Ofeek aBd AratU. ' The ordinary weekly meeting of the- Ballaist Orthotic Young ilen'a Socfety waa held In the -tJaiholic Library,-Uawioin sU«m,-on Friday last. The president, MrO. Fitzpatrick,-was in the chair. It bdnf tSe hdr-yeaHy taMng, : there: vas ui unusually large attenduwe.of. members. After ttejnniaijfoutiiie buiiiw tad been finished, the election of officers lor the ensuing six mouths j took place aa follows ^President, Mr 1>. F.tz- Wtric*Tun"ppoeed); vice- president, Mr J. & p t « Mr 3. Bourke; secretary, Br iTjMoiloy: librarian, Mr B. Nanscswen; com- A,. mittee, •!. 1HU11U/ Messrs , " Conlon, ttt_>. Walton, /*, C.Lyons, T Carroll, and J. Green. Editors of the monthly journal, Messrs J. Jennings, J. Bourke, and M. O'Keefe. A vote of thanks wao passed to the retiring officers of the society, whiA was amiably responded to by Mr.I. Heonessy. The Rev. B. J. Cleary, chaplain to the society, was present at the meeting, and pointed out to the committee and officers tbe responsibility attached to their offices, and hoped that they would do all in their power to get new members to join the society, and above all for the members themselves to prepare for any debate they intended to take part in, as nothing is lore useful to a young man commencing life than good knowledge of history. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the reverend gentleman for .his kindness in attending the meeting. A notice appears in the Gazette prohibiting the cutting of timber in the Wombat or Bullarook State forest, as follows:—Commencing at tbe south-vest angle of the special area licensed to Messrs Crowley and Fitzpatrick, thence west by a line to the Werribee river, thence northerly by that river to its most western source in tbe main dividing range, thence easterly by that range to a point in Use with the -west boundary of tbe afore-, said area, and thence south by a line and that area the point of commencement. We regret to bear of the serious illness of Mra Bath, wife of the Bev. Henry Bath, Wesleyau minister, of Lydiard street. We heard yesterday that Mrs Bath is not likely to recover. Owing to this family affliction Mr Bath was not able to be present at the conference now bang held in Melbourne. The Bev. E. S. Bickford supplied the Lydiard atreet pulpit yesterday. The forty-eight hours' walking match in tbe Alfred Hall, between Edwards and Abley, came to a conclusion at ten o'clock on Saturday night, and resulted in a victory for -Edwards with four miles to spare. We have in our previous issues detailed tbe event up till the time that Edwards finished. 108 miles — a quarter-past twelve o'clock on Friday night; Abley being then about four miles behind. At five mioutes past five o'clock Abley went in for' a long spell, and tbe result of bis stoppage was that be got very stiff, and his feet so sore that he could hardly put them tothe ground." Ip fact, when he came out at five minutes toeigbt on Saturday morning itwas very bard and painful work for him to shuffle round the riug, while Edwards was fresh and in excellent condition. However, by keeping manfully to bis work Abley began to walk better, owing to his feet warming with the exercise. Edwards made only small stoppages until Abley knocked up, but he" then took his own time, not for the sake of the rest, bnt in Older not to take all interest ont of tbe match. At half-past three in the afternoon Edwards had finished 141 miles, which distance his adversary did not cover until an hour and a half afterwards. Edwards commenced walking again at four o'clock, and walked six miles far ther; after which he pnlkd up until half- past seven-—a two hours' rest. By that time people commenced to eBter the hall, and continued to throng in ap till nearly ten o'clock, by which time there were at least 1000. people in the building, which was eo crowded that great difficulty was fonnd in keeping the. ring clear. A great number of people were unable to obtain admission, and it was feared that tbey would rush the doors. The balcony was well filled with ladies, 'so that altogether the takings must have been something considerable. Tbe conclusion of the match was watched with great interest and excitement, although it was evident that Edwards would have it all his own way at the end. This proved to be the case, for at ten o'clock Edwards, making a quick spurt, finished 157 miles and twelve laps; Abley having succeeded in covering 153 miles and twelve laps. The spectators were eo well plessed with Abley's pluck in keeping np as he did that they started a subscription and gave bim £9, to which Edwards added £2 more. Both competitors were heartily cheered at the conclusion. Edwards will pay a visit to Sandhurst next, where he will wslk 110 miles in twenty-four hours on the 7th aud 8£b proximo. The residents of Lioton will eoon have the pleasure of having tbe water laid on to tbe township, a tender for laying a 4-inch main from the reservoir to the main street having been accepted at the recent meeting of the Grenvilleshire Council. As a plentiful supply of water will thus be available, there is a probability of a fire brigade being formed, and the necessary apparatus procured to aid in extinguishing fires in tbe town ; and as the inhabitants at Linton arc keenly alive to anything which may benefit the ptece, we expect that lhe movement in favor of a brigade will be warmly taken up, and that before loog the Linton Volunteer Fire Brigade will become an accomplished fact. We have received an illustration of the International Exhibition buildings, Sydney, the general appearance of which is bigbly creditable to the designer. This illustration appeared as a supplement to the Sydney Mail of the l&lh; instant. There is now to be seen in tbe window of Messrs Bardwell and Beauchamp's photographic studio a very fine water-color sketch of. Leannonlh, lake and town. The artist is Mr Stewart, one of the travelling artists for the Sketcher, who has for some little time been residing by the lake side. The picture represents Leannonth as seen from the nortb, aud it is certainly a very accurate and finished sketch of thai pretty little place. Mr J. T. Sleep, jeweller, has now on view at his establishment a very handsome epergne, which won in the Cavalry Skirmishing Match at tbe last V.B. A. meeting by the Ballarat troop of the P.W.V.V.L.H. The epergne is the prixe given by Major Caleb Anderson, of| the P.W.V.V. Light Hone; and it must be held for two years by competitors before it. becomes their property. In the shop window "also Is to be seen B very pretty silver cake-basbet, which was won by Major Sleep in one of the All Comers' Matches at the Intercolonial Bifle Matches recently held at Sydney. The first event for Mr E. Dy te's cup waa sailed at the Lake on Saturday afternoon, when the Achievement, Flying Scud, Vagabond, Albin, Coquette, aud Victoria started. Tbe Scud led up to Garden Island, bnt tbe Achievement then went to the front, and. keeping the. lead, came in an easy winner in 53 min. 10 sec. In this race the Vagabond was sailed by ber owner, and the Coquette by Captain Hathorn. The last-named boat, however, was thrown out of the race by an accident to her rudder, and' was brought into harbor disabled, after tbe first round. -John Byrne and Matthew Murray, aged respectively nineteen and forty years, were lodged in the Western lock-up esriy on Sunday morning, charged with insulting behavior ina public place calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. -"Hiey were bailed out, but will appear to answer to the charge at the City Police Court to-day. The nsual fortnightly meeting of tbe Ballarat Tonng Men's Christian Association was held in the Town Miseion Hall on Thursday -evening last President Stoneman in the chair.. "There-was i. veiygood attendance, and the meeting was set apart for readings and recitations with criticisms, which were given in very good style by the following members:—The president,- Messrs Gilbert, Humphreys, M'Pherson, Law ther, Betts, and tbe secretary. ^ ..--' We were shown last week, by Mr Oaren, tobacconist, of Bridge street, a very ingeniously con trived cigarette mtker. The little machine is aaid to be superior to any others .-of ita Icind, and ita action is certainly very simple and effective. It is not too large to be carried in the pocket of vest, and it mnst prove a great convenience for smokers who prefer the article it manufactures tothe cigar or pipe. In the course of a speech made by bim at Gra h&mitownon; a recent occasion, Sir George Grey* reported to have delivered bim6elf cf the following extraordinary remarks:—" I tell yon tbit my conviction is tn&t; the people of this colony have a right to pass a law deciding the manner in which our Governor shall be nominated^. I have always held tbe opinion that what tbey have a right to do is to pass a law and say that tbe Governor should be nominated by this colony 1 maintained that tbey bad that right, and'that it was a right inherent in this constitution. That waa disputed. The Colonial Department at home have come to their aenses on that -point, as we have been informed they admit that the colony has tbe power by law of determining who their Governor shall be. Tie Queen has the power of refusing her assent to that act if she thinks fit, but you have the power to ..determine the manner in which the Governor thill be nominated. That rests with yourselves. As ,to the particular .manner of doiog so. I do not go iuto.tbat; bnt it is a very great thing that vou shonld know that the poser rests in your own hands, to be exercised by you as you please. That power bas now been conceded to yon." We have received a pamphlet entitled " L"rne area- aide sketch, by W.L.(Ballarat). "Loutit Bay and its surroundings are in these fev^pages graphically described and dilated upon. Tbfre is ns doubt that, as tbe writer of lhe papers states, Queenscliil and similar popular watering- playcea are becoming uncomfortably crowded and very expensive, and therefore it ia in the interests of the public that the merits of the newly-found maritime fresurl should be made knowji. The pamphlet con tains a very good description of the locality, a detailed account of the road to it, and a hamonnu, yet accurate, account of the atyles and fancies be found there. The various poiota of interest „„ the road, the appearance of the place, the amusements tohe obtained then-Tare'alt-touched in pen toj skilfully.By perusing *'W: L.V Remarks the excursionist, the fisher, the botanist, the sketcher, and the lover of natural scenery will find that at Lorne there ia „ something for .or then i™™ alL au. Of the boose aooommtrtttion proTiied {oiririton at Mount,oy's, the writer speaks ,n the higbar tenn.; sndit w6uld appear that the pWif£ inactive tbst it see. the aame^round of ri.it0™ with additions, 4reiy year. " W. t.V httlenhlet pblet will wrsll well Kn* repay perasal Dernsal for its own Dm intrinii^ excellence alone, but when to that is added the fact that it contains c large amount of useful infot. mation on a place littlff known, its value is greatly enhanced. One of the four successful candidates at the recent examination for authorised surveyors for the Lands Department of Victoria is Mr J. Lynch, eldest son of Mr Lynch, mining surveyor, Stnythwh dale; and as out of twenty-sis who went np only four passed, the result is high?? creditable to Mr Miss Cochrane, of Linton, who was prrriousfj first-dats pupil teacher in the.Linten State Schooi bas been appointed mistress 'of tbe Spring Vale State School, about five miles from Linton. There is quite a plethora of candidates for the Smythes Creek division of the Mining Board, noless than ten well-known representatives of the mining interest having already- expressed their intention of contesting tbe election. Probably some will retire before tbe day of polling, but in all likelihood at least half a dozen-will remain, so that a close, if not an exciting contest, may be expected. Mr Anderson, J.P., presided at the Town Po\itt Court yesterday, and dealt with five drunkards. At the City court there was a blank charge-sheet. A large number of shareholders in the Queen's Birthday Company, Dunolly, leave for there by first train this morning in order to attend the annual meeting of the company. In pursuance of clause G of the Civil Service requirements, Mr Harvey baa received the express permission of tbe Minister ot Mines, to act town clerk for the borough of Buninyong. Of the five trainees sent up .from the Central Training School, No. B3, for admission to the second year's course, two (Messrs Borlase and Role) were suocessfuL A proclamation appears in Friday's Gazette, dividing the shire' of Bungaree Into three ridings,' to be known as tbe western, central, and eastern riding respectively. To-nieht, at the Academy of Music, D'Arcy Bead's Ghost will make its first-appearance to a Ballarat audience. The Interest-taken in this show has been considerably heightened by the accident which lately occurred to a portion olthe apparatus. Everything Js_now completed, aud io thorough working order, and we expect. tosee a large atten. dance to-night, as it must be remembered that, - though the entertainment is styled D'Arcy Bfad's Ghost, the ghost does not constitute the whole of the performance, for there is la full company, consisting of comedians,' dancers, stogas,' &c;, and altogether it Will be one of tfie most pleasing entertainments that has brtm given here. The box- office will be open to-day for the sale of tickets. A select ball and supper will take place iu the Alfred Hall this evening; dancing to commence eight o'clock. Mr Ralph Walton ia gazetted a. member of the school board of advice for the east riding of tbe shire of Grenville. The programme of sports to be carried out at tbe Creswick Hospital Fete on Friday, 28th February, appears in our advertising columns. There were 1084 persons relieved at the BaUarat Benevolent Asylum last week, of whom 454 were children. We have received from Mr John M'lvor and Mr William Kennedy, of Sago Hill, Carngham, XI for the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum. Happy Valley is proclaimed- a polling place for the Smythes Creek -division of the Ballarat mining district. The Humffray Street Mutual Improvement Society will meet this evening instead of tomorrow, as notified previously. Mr S. II. Webb announces in our advertising columns this morning, that be is a candidate for Mining Board honors, and seeks the suffrages of the miners of the Smytbesdale division for the purpoee. During the past week 126 in-door, and 576 outdoor patients were treated at the.Ballarat Hospital. A rumor has been circulated amonpit the gentlemen of the medical profession during tbe past few days (says tbe Age) to the effect that a well- known surgeon, who has for many years enjoyed a large practice in Melbourne, was about to be subjected to a serious charge. The. detectives are very reticent on tbe subject, but they admit that tbe rumor bas foundation. Tbe matter is, however, well known to many, and tbe whole of the facta will be placed before the public at au inquest which will be held on Tuesday. Mr Crooke,of Fitzroy, is tbe surgeon who is referred to, and from what can be ascertained, the following are some of the circumstances which have occasioned the statements made:—Mr Crooke attended a Mrs Collins, who waa lending for the time being at No. 2 James street, Fitxroy. Mra Collins died, and Mr Crooke gave a certificate ot death, and she was buried in the Melbourne Cemetery. Testerday tbe body was exhumed, Detective Foster having made the necessary application to have that done. The remains were examined by two medical gentlemen, who found that an internal organ was absent, and Mr Crooke has been served with notice to attend and produce it at the inquest. No improvement (says the Herald) bas taken place iu the health of Mr John Thomas Smith, and he lies iu the same .precarioussituation. Hia medical attendants are using their utmost endeavors to bring about favorable results, and every care and attention are. being bestowed by his friends and relatives. The Bendigo Adcn- listr reports the capture of a bolesale horse-stealer as follows:—" On Fridsy night a man named James. T. Seppie, of Egerton, a charcoal-burner, was cleverly captured by Constable Clarke, ol Goornong, iu conjunction with Constable Wearing, of Klmore. .The prisoner was brought before Mr Farrell, J.F., of Elmore, and remanded- to- Sandhurst -for- a week. About a dozen charges will -he -brought. against tbe prisoner. Stolen property 'of - some years' accumulation, such as-horses, harness,.chains, &c.;, most of which have been identified, 'has been found in his possesbion. The prisoner is a connection of the Duffua familv." '• . ^ . - - • As an instance (saja the Age) of the absurd statements that have been'ma'derespecting the low price of land and the uncertainty that prevails as to investing money in real property, we may mention that recently a well- known Melbonrne capitalist purchased n p*eee of -country land near Bacchus Marsh. The price 'paiTwaa £100 per acre. Several carriages (says :the:^r£«s)l>elonging to the Marquis of Normanby arrived from New Zealand on Friday by lhe a.s.'Ara«ata, consigned to the care of Messrs' Stevenson ami KUioit, who are instructed to have them put in order at once. It has been deemed necessity, in tbe interests of justice, to issue the following notification : Gotenmatl Gazette** To editors of sneitropoli- •and country newspapers—The Acting Chid Secretary is desirous of notifying to the. metropolitan and country press the absolute necessity that exists of not making public the movements of the police force in tbe North-eastern district until at least forty-eight hours have, elapsed after such movements.—Chief Secretary's.cfilce^ Melbourne, 23rd January, 1873." A considerable reduction (says, the Age) will be made on lat iVbruary, in tbe rajlw«v fares chargeable between Melbourne and the Brighton stations. This will affect-both classes,-«nd-&ot; only-single or return tickets, but also three which are periodical. Letters patent (says the Xdegrapt) were granted on Friday by the Attorney-General to Mr Bupert Smith, of Lake Goldsmith, near Beaufort, farmer, for improvements iu harvesters. There , is an agly rumor {says the Melbourne -correspondent of-the MmnHto* Spttiator) going the rounds just now, affecting a member of the Closed Roads Commission, which, if true, makes the gentleman in question to be one whose public utterances show a discrepancy as compared with his business 'transactions. The other members of tbe commission are takiBg such steps as will -expose the matter if true, or, if otherwise, that will give their comrade an opportunity of substantiating his innocence. The Ttlromph ^mderafcanda that ophthalmia is at present very prevalent at Csborg, a number of fehfldren being laid up with this disease. The mott of the elder settlers at and around Callawadda have cew finished the harvesting of the wheat crop, and tbe Plaunt CrteH Strs is informed that'rile general result ij, decided iy satisfactory. -Where a substantial-system of husbandry has^een carried- out it is likely the yidd will be at the rate of about 18bushek» t» tbe acre. A Melbourne-correspondent sebds tbe St. A moid Tivtes the foliswing:—" The way. in'which tbe spiritists of Melbourne work to obtain converts is worthy ol a better cause ; bat,»their eagerness, they very ofaen overstep theroark. .A apiritnsliit residing in ane'of .thesuJbuba thought he saw a, likely concert in * yoatb, wbo .was a regular attendant at their public lecture*. The "spirit ualist invited him to atteoda >rivate seance, in the heps of inculcating • the youth into the new relijpoa. The bay willingly west, snd was introduce! » * select circle of ladtee and gentlemen. That sight tbe senses was «I the noat extraordinary nature. After the gas was turMid out,.mysterious bsndi ; were everywhere felt -.never hadthespiriurevealed themselves ia vsch a mannpr before. Aftrr an hour the gas was re-Ht; and -everybody looked for the new convert, thinking he .mu ju thoroughly wjqvinced nowj .but—be -was gpiw and.stranger aSU, nearly everybody V pur» wai "gon"e. and jewdleiy of <every .description. Was missing. -Tt'S select circle of spiritists were sot long in arriving a> a conclusion as to bo* it happened. Ti e ; , convert had evidently kept hiri at work fe-'tf the hour, for nearly everybody mused something. This accounted for-^be mysterious hands felt everywhere. The convert after securing all of raise he could in the room, slipped quietly oat into the pusssge, donned somebody's overcoat sod belltopper, and marched quietly off with a goldheaded ca&e; belonging to the master of the house. Nothing has been heard of the thief since." In consequence (says the A^e) of the disclosures made recently in reference to the defalcations of Page, the late secretary to the South Melbourne Building Society, the Government are having a thorough investigation made into the facts of the case, with the object of preventing a miscarriage of justice through the refusal of the society to prosecute or otherwise. If it is fouud necessary, strong measures will be taken to bring the matter to a satisfactory issne. Two yonng gentlemen, in whose success residents of Clones will be interested, have, the dunes Guardian is pleased to say, been admitted to the Wesleyan ministry by the annual conference of the denomination now sitting in Melbourne. The new ministers are Mr D. Flockbart, eon of the Iter. R. C. Flockhart, superintendent of the Clones circuit . and Mr W. Dawson, of Clunes. The former has qualified himself in the Sandhurst district, the latter in tbe Ballarat district They will, doubtless. both be appointed to circuits forthwith. The Riponshire Advocate regrets to have to announce the death of Mr George Beggs, of Eurambeen, at the mature age of sixty-two. Mr Beggs was always a very useful member of the community and at the time of his death was one of the representatives of the north riding of Riponshire. The deceased was buried on his estate at Eurambeen on Sunday last, and the funeral was conducted privately, the Rev. J. W. Arnold officiating at the grave. During the voyage of the steamer Avoca, which arrived from Sydney on Friday, a tremendous squall of h*>1 and rain (says the Telegraph) was met with off Cape Banks. The hailstones were of. great size,(he largest found measuring8 inches in rircom ferenr*. They did considerable damage, break-, ing through thick plate-glau windows, and passing through boaNcovers and awnings in many places, but fortunately no one was injured. Theatorm was a very violent one, hot did not last long, and tbe vessel passed through it in aafety. Under the heading " American Lr»comotives for Australia" the Scientific American of 26th Octo ber. says:'- 44 The Baldwin locomotive works of Philadelphia has lately shipped to Australia, by tbe clipper 'hip Colorado, three powerful locomotires for Sydney, New South Wales,'where they wQl be used ou raUwaya owned by the Australian Government. The shipment comprises' one passenger locomotive and two freight locomotives. The passenger locomotive has cylinders 18 indies by 24 inches, four driving wheels GS. inches in diameter, and & four-wheeled swinging bolster truck with wheels 30 ioches in diameter. The tender is on four-wheeled tracks, in accordance with the usual American practice. All the truck wheels are steel tired. The two freight locomotives are of the ' consolidation * type. These engines are of the largest and most powerful freight locomotives constructed. They weigh in working order, exclusive of tender. 102,000 lbs i each. Their dimensions are: — Cylinders, 20 inches by 24 ioches; they have eight driving wheels, four feet in diameter. One one occasion, on tha Susquehanna division of the Northern Central Railway, where the grades are very light, i ? of fhc*e engines drew a train of 160 empty r*. The total length of the train was one mile. I The usual work of engines on that division of the I road is from 00 to 100 loaded cars each trip." We {Telegraph) gather from the American | papers that celluloii, which has been largely used f of late in the manufacture of jewellery, billiardballs, and fancy goods, has row actually been turned to account as a substitute for lines—rollers, cuffs, shirt'fronts, and even neckties being made of this wonderful material. The celluloid goods of this novel character are not only practically in* destructible, but can be washed with soap and brush wheo soiled. 