OUR CITY LETTER Perth, January 8, 1879. A FEW weeks since Perth was catological, now it is dogmatical. The dogma is that Order is Heaven's first law, and that Go vernor Ord is ordained to enforce the ordi- nance in Western Australia, with or with out ordnance, as the case may be. Jam Jingle, the eleventy-twelfth, is an nounced to appear in Perth on the quiet, shortly. The announcement has been made quietly enough, but sufficient has oozed out to excite expectation and induce speculation as to who or what " Jam Jin gle" is. Some, learned in spiritual lore, have gone so far as to associate Jam Jingle with the Cock Lane Ghost redivivus, others assever by Spring Heel Jack, but the most commonly received opinion is that Jam Jingle is one of the heads of a Mahomme- dan Mission, organised by way of reprisal to make converts to Allah and the Pro- phet among Christian communities. Such a mission, lately established in London, has it is said, added many names to the roll of the faithful, among whom the fair sex appear in considerable force. What if we should have Mosque and Minaret in Perth. Who can tell? Let us wait. The Charlotte Padbury sailed on Satur day, for London, with a full cargo, and a fair passenger list. Among the consign ments was a parcel of railway sleepers, forwarded to Messrs. Sir Charles Fox and Sons, "by Mr. Browne, and purposed to be tried upon one of the English railways. From correspondence Mr. Browne has had upon the subject, there is reason to be lieve that jarrah sleepers may be success fully introduced in the English railway system. By their great weight, about double that of Baltic wood, commonly used for sleepers on British railways, the jarrah sleepers will give the substantial road bed which engineers of high-speed lines require. Mr. Browne reports that he has obtained permission for the trial of jarrah sleepers on three leading English railways. No doubt appears to exist that the experiment can be other than success ful, and that a market for our sleepers will be opened far better than any which has yet offered. Among other things just now engross ing public attention is the alleged arrears of work in the Survey Office, and the large staff on the roll of that Department compared with the amount of real work got through, with a very small staff, in the Works Department. It is commonly reported that, notwithstanding the Gover nor's ukase, a large number of the em ployees in the Survey Office do work on their own account unchecked. Something of this kind having been reported with reference to an employee in the Works Department, Mr. Thomas, the Director of Public Works, with prompt action, it is said, put an end to the cause of complaint. This is as it should be. There is no " live and let live" in Government officials sub sidized with salaries assumed to be suffi cient for their maintenance supplementing their incomes by competing with private individuals, who have to take the risks of business with nothing to fall back upon. Here is one case, which will, or will not, perhaps, be a ventilation. A gentleman in the Survey Office, where the hours are from nine to four daily (save Saturdays), leaves the office and its duties to teach drawing at the High School two mornings every week. It cannot be on the ground that none save he is competent to impart such instruction, for if the colony were ransacked it would be impossible to find a better draughtsman, or a more competent teacher than Mr. Victor, and it is just pos sible, also, that men might be found for the post quite as capable as the gentleman who now discharges the double duty of tracing clerk in the Survey Office, and teacher of drawing at the High School, the latter in Survey Office hours. The Royal Mail has made flying trips to and from Albany, and Mr. Howard, the Inspector of Police, who officially con ducted them, is back again in the city, looking none the worse for his long jour ney of over 500 miles, made in less than a week, inclusive of more than two days stay in Albany. It is believed in a great measure to be due to Mr. Howard. that the journey has been so well performed, and if so, redounds greatly to his credit. There was some growling, at first, about this appointment to the office of Police Inspec tor, but now it is generally admitted that he is the right man in the right place. Progress is the order of the day. Sum mers is building a police-van, a veritable gaol- omnibus, with a special lock-up com partment for ladies. Here is a step in ad vance, and no mistake. Mrs. Redhead, so long known and well loved at Geraldton, has 'been "doing good" this Christmas in her new and beautiful house, Melville Lodge — the most preten tious in the city, in a way peculiarly her own, and well worthy of example. On Tuesday last Mrs. Redhead received and regaled the inmates of the Home for the destitute ; on Wednesday, the children of the P.P. Orphanage, and on Thursday, the inmates of the Native Institute. In each case the kind and good lady waited upon her guests and made presents to them ; and the feasting was varied with music, singing, and other things seasonable and agreeable. The public of Geraldton are about to have a rare treat in the exhibition of the wonderful " Fatima," which Mr. Wieland is at present exhibiting in Perth. Fatima is a wonder of wonders — something to be seen, to be believed, and yet, when you have seen, you cannot believe that you have seen — you say, 'tis magical, miracu lous, and everything besides. 