LATEST TELEGHAMS. | FIIOSE OUR OWN C0FTIES70NDBKXS,] INTEECOJLONIAL/ ; Stenby, Wednesday. In tho Assembly last night. Mr. M'Elhone again referred to the chargo against Mr. Garrett, of having sold an appointment during the time he was Minister for Lands. Mr. M'Elhone made an attack od Sir Henry Farbes and alluded to that gentleman's career, both public and private, in suoh inBulting terms that it was found neoessary to oall npon strangers to leave the Hoase. Tho unsatisfactory working of the immigra tion system was drawn attention to in the Assembly by Mr. ;Cameron, who declared that tho class of immigrants brought cut were, as a rule, nnsnited to the requirements of the colony. Nearly fifty New Caledonian Oommnnista who have received a pardon under tho recent amnesty arrived here yesterday from Nqnmea They are for.the.greator part mechanics, 'and i' is their intention, if they can obtain vwork, to rema* l here. . The Minister/ for Lands, Mr. Hoskins, is ill, and his medical advisers hava advised him to visit Enrope as soon as his Parliamentary duties will admit' of liis' 'doing' so. ' . ; : The creditprB,'of Messrs. A.B. Sinithand Ooi merchants, Df this city, have filed .a,petitibn for the sequestration of the estate of the firm. Mr. Tattonni^ T;he respondent' ' iS't'h'e j action for divorce brought by Mrs. Fattonni, his had on- Information: 'laid against- h'm for having, '.assaulted tl^t Jady. 1-. , _L, # j '- ? ,.£he ,Der^eait,.. s.,. , aiffived from Briabane' yesterday, r .T^e. Kgtnont,- s„. sailed ftjr that port. A cargo ,of: s^ ' thousand, ^bags of' migar hpi arrived from Port Macquauo. j . , . : ? i ? '^Meibodknb, Tuesday. . , An inquiry into tteaffairs of the Provincial, and Suburban Bank bias just been concluded. It has brought a serious state of affairs to light. Tho ...of. nf nnnnnrn urn omnlW while the liabibities are much larger than they were supposed to be, . The issue of^idtes'Bliown in the last ' return has been considerably ex ceeded.- . .Wiberg, the man ohaTged with having stolen a quantity of sovereigns from the P. and O. s. Avoca, and who was recaptured on Friday, wbb brought here to-day. ?' A largo number of people assembled in the streets ]n order to g«t a glimpse at him, but they were disappointed, aB the police took their prisoner to gaol by a roundabout route. A searoh ia being made for the stolen sovereigns, whioh, it is believed, have been planted by Wiberg in tho neighbourhood of Wi'limistown. j It ii expeotuu mat lurcuer urrcBit* m uuuuuuuuu wiui this robbery will be made shortly. The dead body of Father Nolan, a well known Roman Catholic priest, was found to day in the lagoon at Sandridge. Th-jro is a mystery surrounding the rev.- gentleman's death. It is not ' thought that he committed suicide. Two little children were playing together yesterday, when one of them stabbed tho other, who is only five years old, with a penknjife. OahtiTok's Ghost Entertainment. . — ? The BerieB of entertainments which have been drawing fairly good audiences to the old School of Arts for Bome time past will be brought to a conclusion this evening, and those who have not seon the ourious illusions which aro pro duced should avail themselves of this laBt opportunity to do. so. A faroe entitled the ' Two Othellos' will he inoluded in to-night's .programme, the loading Iparts being taken by Messrs. Tudor and Clinton. EcoKoht.— On tho business paper of tho As sembly appear two notices of motion by : Mri Meston, tho momber for, B4sew«od: — First' on May 21, ' That tbis.House will, at its next Bitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the TV nolo, to consider the desirability vof inlro- ducing a Bill to amend the Constitution Act Amendment Aot of 1874.' And seoondly, on May, 22, Mr. Meston 'to move for leave to in troduce a Bill to repeal the Manning. Retiring Act. Tho object of tho 'first- named Bill is to reduce tho Governor's salary by £1,000. a year, tho' emoluments of His Exoellency having been increased in 1874 by the Act proposed to be repealed. The Bill; if it passed through the Legislature, would of course only affect future Governors, and, in any. case, would have to be referred to Dowding-street ? for the asstnt ? of' Her Majcity, with what chance of: suee'esd ( it. is not : hard to foretell. The Imperial Government have an objection to r Hsent to measures with this object at the first time of asking, at anyrate. 'The proposal to ropeal the Manning Jtcetirmg Act is more l:':ely to comrtiond itself to the Legisla ture. The' allowance to tho ex-Under Colonial SecreKiy was obtained under tho impression that he had suffered irremediable injuries from which he would be incapacitated from further work. Happily, the constitution of this gentle man has proved such as to enable him to enter upon a renewed lease of life. In any case, £100 a year would have been an ample retiring allow ance. Therearehundreds of militaty officers who have fought on every battlefield on which a British redcoat has appeared in the present centuiy, and who now, covered with wounds, have to Bubsist on less than is here suggested for Mr. Mann:ng. The Valley Election. — A writ of eleotion for the vacant seat for Fortitude Valley, was issued yesterday afternoon. The dates fixed for the nomination and the polling are the same as' those mentioned in Saturday s Telegraphy n» oely the 24th and 28th instant respectively. The v..:t is mo4e returnable on the 30th, and the p -':ng plaoe .will be at Conigan's Build ings, Ann-street. Mr. Pr'ng will address the electors this evening in the Pi'maiy Sohool room, Brook-street, Te'ley. , Accident Assdbance.— ' We have received from MrcSam Rigby, resident secretary of the Australasian Accident Assurance Company, a number of ' tables of rates' and other fur niture connected with the branch of business in .which Mr. Sam B'gby employs bis energies ; and from these we . gather that . :n the qpinion of Mr. S m Bigby and-his aiders and afcottors, iu tuu ouupu ui » uuaiu ua u i jw ra, w iu Butcd in th'B office :i to render one amongst the happiest of mankind. At the outset we are asked bold capitals: ' A*e you assured against accidents f' With a contrite heart we confess that we are not. Then we are pelted with questions such as Does a day ever pass without some one be'ng Bt ruck down by acoi dent fr and ' Do you ever take up a newspaper that does not chroniole one or more accidents daily f— until we are worked into a high state of nervousness, le -t we should not get home to dinner without some frightful misadventure. It appears from a study of the ' classifica tion of rlaV-s,' that bankers, auctioneers, estate agenta, first- class hotel-keepers, domestio ser vants, et hoc genus omne are tolerably safe risks. We should have been disposed to put the bankers amongst the extra- hazardous in theBe times, but these assurance people have a weakness for averages, and, perhaps, taking I-1U guuu uuiea v- i in mo uuu, luey are ngub ttB regards the chances of bankers. Inland revenue officers and inspectors of police are amongst the extra riskB, whilst railway station masters belong to the hazardous category. Other rail way employes are in a ?'st of ' special risks,' from which we infer that the lately disbanded railway workmen had a miraoulouB escape from some appa'ling catastrophe. The tables are divided into cto'ses to suit everybody's con venience; and the more we look into these papers the less we are able to answer the inquiry why we are not assured againBt acci dent. The advantages are immense, ind they may bo obtained for a nonr 'np' pajmont. Thb Musical Unio--. — Several of the mem bers ind well wishers of the Musical Union have oombined to give a series of six popular con certs 'n aid of the funds of our leai'ng musioai society, and the first concert is expected to be given early next month. The large body of vocalists and inBtrumenta1:sts who will. take part in these concerts have been rehearsing for some time past, and, judging from the progress already made, the musical public hav6 a great treat in store. Mr. A't'red Qu;n, who w/U oonduct, iB indefatigable in his efforts to make these popu'ar enterti'' \ment i a success. , Mjrnino Gallops. — Some very, gocd work was done thiB morning on the oourse. ? The first to'go were Zanco and The Bake, who went once round fast, and they were followed by The^ tho Sean and Blaok .^Eagle. stripped; and; after a canter,' did a fast mile— noti.tpp pace* but- very near it, in 2 mins. 2 sees. , After these, 'Ki b;'. B. and Stratheans Went' together; l'an' !n1ng a mile and a half in, '3 rr'ns. 2; sees'., With medium weights, up. Blackthorn qnd Ilawthorn . went, ,lj mile iast . j? .2: mins; 36\. sees., and were followed, by the Earl, Who went Blow for a oouplb. of m:les, and finished with a sharp half 'mile in fair time with about 8 st. 7 lbs. on his baok. ' Next came Mr. Bell's String, headed by Olivia and Clara, . who, after a short oanter, ran a mile together in 1 min. 69 sees. Lilla and WhiBker had a hit of a ' rough up V and finished together in a strong niilo andi a half in 2 mins. 68 sees. — quite the best goUop of the morning; Lord Olifden and Warhawk ,went : seven fprlongB, finishing with a dead heat,.„the former, , ha.vi^g a11 tho - heaviest weight in the half-mile, recording 59 seos. Elastio and Skittle's made the same time for their half-mile. After breakfast Mr. Finnie's horses worked, and Napper Tandy was out, but only walking. Mr. WilliamB and Melbourne are expected to-day, and it is probable tliat tho ? work to-morrow morning will be tho best of tho training. The following odds against those in the Cup are obtainable .3 to 1 against Strath earn ; 4 to 1 Melbourne, K. C. B.I; and. Tho Dean; 6 to 1 Lilla, and. Whisker ; and 6 to 10 to 1 others. . . ? Kelly and Leon Minstbels. — The second entertainment by tF: \ clever oompany drew another large audience to the thoatre last night, and the performance was again received with hearty demonstrations of approval. . Messrs. Oourtright and Lester, the ' oorner men,' pro voked muoh merriment by their humour in tho first part. Mr. Beaumont Bead, whoso voice is almost a soprano, oreatod a vory favourable im pression by his singing in this part, as did Mr. Fredericks in a ballad called ' Speak, enly Speak,' and Mr. Kelly's in ' A Flower of Innocenoe.' The part songB and ohoruses were all capitally sung. Mr. Leon's admirable acting and singing in ' Tnii'gUt in thePark,' especially his imitation of a well-known prima donna, brought down tremendous applauso, and he was recalled no less than three times. Mr. Courtright again got an encore for his singing and grotesque dancing in 'Flewy, Flowy.' ' His Grace the Duke' was performed again, and Mr. Leon onco more thoroughly delighted the audionce by his gracefulandsparklingaoting as Zouisi Cherington. The! oompany includes an excellent orchestra. 1 J 