NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events:—D’Arcy Road’s Ghost at the Academy of Music;.meeting of Phoenix Foundry Company. Brophy’s hotel, 8 p.m ; meeting of water Commission; last day for making applications for apace at Sandhurst exhibition. • --i ' A'very provoking typographical error ocoaired in oar report of the deputation relative to] the carriage of farm produce, published 1 on Thursday. .It . was stated thatthe charge for the carriage of produqewould be due - penny perT tod/ per mile -from; all 1 places-to Ballarat, . 3andhurst,Colac, ,&c.;, hut that the .charge from, those .places to any other placewould, bh three halfpence per ton per mile. The printers- changed the IJd into Id, and thus made the report -confusing and incongruous, as thecpntext showed that thera were .to.be two.distinct rates;-! ' ■ j The Age has, certainly, “clean ganegyte.” ’ On .Thursday it had a lot of stuff-about, there being a conspiracy of the oonslitutionalista' tq, .seize waste lands of the colony, and-'called;'-Henderson Africanus' the trusted friend of Sir; Charles M’Mahon .and Mr, Joseph Jones, . " j A very pleasant change in the weather took place on Thursday afternoon, when a cool breeze began to blow,-and the intense beat of the morning passed away,-. The night 'was cool with a breeze Jromfthe south] but rain appears to be as unlikely as ever.. . ..r! .. An inquest ] was held by Mr Thomson,'P.M;] 1 on Thursday bn the body of the, young girl-Charlotte' Ling, whom we stated in yesterday’s issue had died: suddenly ’ of English cholera: on the 'Wednesday,.'pre-j ■vious. The deceased it appeared was boarding at the 1 ; house of Mr Pyka in Urquharfc street, and, first com-; plained .of illness on - Sunday last,, when 'she'was: attacked with a fit of vomiting, :for which a prescrip tion was made up at a chemist’s that seemed to give' the'girl great relief/ ; , On Tuesday, however, herT.ill ness returned in a violent degree, and before Dr Holt house, who had been 1 sent for,'could gefcto the, house she was dead. 1 - DrHolthouaa .made a post mortem examination of the; body and found that English' cholera had been the cause of death; which might have been'averted'if a ;dootbr. ; hadv been called in in the first place. A verdict was returned in accordance: with the medical testimony.- ' ; The funeral of the late Mr. Lewis Hansen, whose sudden death has been noted in our columns, took place on Thursday, and was strictly private, in accord- ance with the wishes of deceased’s friends. The body was interred in the Old Cemetery at 5 o'clock pm., the funeral cortège consisting of a few intimate friends of the deceased. Mr C. Morris conducted the mor- tuary arrangements. \- The first day’s'racingof, the Geelong Tlaoe Club took .place:-yesterday. :A full:.report will-be, found.else- ,i. : ... -.-. ' The case of John Drummond v Henry Acton, sec retary of the shire - - of-Bungaree, 1 for "a breach of the ’263rd section of the Local QovernmenlrAcfrlB74, in not supplying the plaintiff with information as to .rates, contained .in.the,council's books, was ,heard l at the Bungaree Police jCquft bn; Thursday, before-Mr Thomson, P.M., and a bench of magistrates. A" good deal of interest seemed’ to be taken in the case, judg ing;from;the number-of ■ persons -in.- court,land. one farmer from'the Mborabool declared thathe'wasdnly waiting-to sea how thp'oase-iwent, .-to. decide .whet her or not he would proceed, against the councillors to recover the penalty of £2OO, which he considered they had incurred,,under'the act'for the way in which they had carried on tbe financial'business of tha shire. Mb Finlayson appeared to prosecute, ; 'and Mr QauntTor the defence, tha'point on which the defence most relied being that * the plaintiff had not satisfactorily proved himself to be' since the rate-books were not produced, as the shire secretary could not be, forced to, bring them forward, seeing that a police court summons had only been taken put..in,-the case. The bench adjourned the case for a week to give it due consideration. ■ ■ i , .. : ' The employees -of the Ballarat: Woollen- Companv will hold their,annual.picnic at Gong Gong on Satur day. ", " . ’ " ’ • -'' ’ A special meeting of the Ballarat Public Library Committee was held on Thursday evening. Present —Messrs Molloy (President), Roff, Roaanblum, Lake land, Scott,. and Eastwood. Cor .respandence' was . read., from'., the Chief,. Secretary’s office, fomarding' “ Familiar lectures on ! scientific knowledge,” and enclosing forms, various. ' From (ha Mines Department, san : ding : 'bt the, instance.’ of Mr Brqphy, M.P.,' “. Frodromus .of tbe;Zoology ,of Vic toria.”: From Mr James, M.P.; giving-in detail- the result of -an interview that Mr ; Brophy. and he had :with the Government iii- re grant in hid.—Ordered to- be acknowledged with the best - thanks of .the■ committee. ..The president -reported;' upon the.;,slow, progress , of the' works, and .stated the architects—Mr Creber being . give"-any; ’further Information required. He also stated that at. his . instance Mr.Brophy proceeded to Melbourner-Mr James being absent—and - ' aucceas fully urged: the claims of the Library on the Govern, ment. A vote of thanks wps passed specially to Mr Brophy for his attention in" this instanoe, .and also to Mr James, for the earnest manner in which both mem bers aided : the efforts of the committee, and-the presi dent s report was adopted.' Mr Creber repotted the steps taken to expedite the completion of the' works in progress, and laid before the committee 'drawings for the roof, &c.;, of the new building. The report Was adopted, and the plans were approved and re ferred to the building committee ' to confer with .the architects as to details. The specifications for these wprks.would be.ready in ten days. : Talking about -making - mining companies l go in for safety cages, there is one claim we know of in the Egerton district that has no need of -them, if report speaks truly .for no less than three well known mining speculators together with’the mining manager, averaging 154 stone each, went downtha ehaft in the break 0888 * or two a B°» and the rope did not A man named M’Qrath was discovered on Thurs day violently beating a poor horse which was attempt mg, with two others, to pull a very heavy load of hay up a hill on one of the thoroughfares deeding to the ' he break bein s 00 the waggon wheels at the time, presumably, toiprevent them from slipping back. Under the oiroumetancea Sergeant horae ahM B>llnlnoned driver for cruelty to the Our Smythesdale correspondent writes;—" I know ,a property wfooh, the present owner- paidJElOO.OOQ,for ag ?’ - **■' be" bis'expended £9OOOO ffe *>* take £90,000 for the whole, ..The owner of eighty acres securely fenced in with posts and three rails adjoining *« i? nded P, to P rietor >' recently offered it to r sale to Uw ‘ bigjpan ’.at ; per Aqreji the reply was that he would not have it at« P land is near Haddon. At or near Cana of *6l of over one hundred acres, fenced and im 63,4^ 1 offered to another ‘ big man ’at £2 ner rovea .*iil quite ‘handy’ to his property. *4 a h e,aait *n| shoulders was the response." Dru S oi The Madras Mail contains a long aceo..r» , I mining in Ballarat, in which there , nothing new to ua. The Wynaad goldfield • co is spoken of as likely to be remunerative I ? mgs do not seem to have borne outw Smyth’s anticipations. The monthly meeting of the cotnmitt I Agricultural and Pastoral Society will ft* I -Saturday.at-Craig!a hotel at.ll_o’clock. “ S U[l nyOur correspondent writes on - Thursday " I Egerton State-school was'temporarily -on. Thursday, .the. intense heat of the weatW 1 ** I ing the presence of a large number of gather in.tbs building;both trying and k I in addition to which scarlet fever as vet’ ■M form, haa.made ita.appearance in ’the headteacher.” c i li. i; ; The'StlPatrick’s Day Fete Committeeheld », f meeting on'Thursday evening at Brophv’a w, being “ present the ; Rev;' J; R.; Clear? Kihano (in the chair), D..Brpphy, M.LA. T;:Keirse, ,0. Robinson,! M; Morrissey C Fit Jas. Noonan, A. Curtain, E. Daly, j! P rv,i^ en -(S O’CallaghaDj'ahd T. Lonergan.' If.-' was appoihted'genefal manager;' Mr W. man of .-committees;-Mr C/Fitzgerald'' PrJ.- Corbett,-secretary;- and -Mr M. Ry an *’«■ man.- Correspondence was -read from Davies, secretary of the Orphan Asylum. J? 1 .4==' Mr P. Cazaly, secretary, .of the Benevolent a, i 5 applying for a share of. the proceeds - fete., It.was resolved that,half the profits - should be'given to the Orphan' Asylum- tii? l J. Cleary, in support of the application, bUtin? 7' that, institution was in turn entitled to thed . while it was-well managed, was doing good » or v ; was a credit:to the district. -Letters were also r»-i from Messrs A. T. : Morrison and F, C fit : each enclosing £1 Is ' towards the fuafc '• the . secretary. .was requested.! to aoknowled?. a same! —with...thanks.. The _ .following commit* were, then appointed: Finance and J.?' Messrs O’Callaghan, M. ' Ryan, J.'Fitzgerald. Sports committee—lWra r f Collins, T. Maher, M. Morrissey, J. J. Fitzgenli j *' Noonan, .and the president and vice-president of f ‘ : Buhgafee branch, Works committee 7 : Keirse, E. Daly, M. Ryan, J. Noonan ‘ Robinson; Mr John Noonan was also added to 9 general committee.. ’The!' secretary having been-in structed to write to the City and Town Council. £** their patronage, and to request that the 17th MiS E may be proclaimed a holiday, a great deal o! ro* f business was transacted, and the meeting cWs 5* a vote of thanks .to. the chair). •. . rMrTytherleigh, owing to "unforeseen ciroamstanrj.l' having lost caste with the electera of HbwSf (our Smytheadale - correspondent writes), Mr Q, ,r : barrister-at-law) of Ballarat, and lately P.M, invited to,stand for ;the district. Mr JohnShaib decided, to rutiVfor' Ripon and Hampden again*?-:'' Longmore, instead, of West Geelong as has abated. Several, horsesdied from sunstroke in Meibom-, P during the week, and’the; death of a laboreratSciE? hurst, from the same cause, is reported. '-'The-girl ! who 'was .injured •by the explosion d.fe kerosene lamp at Sandhurst'on' Tuesday evemj? a T pired ia y that institution on Wednesday. Tbs also'lbjured) is improving. . The Melbourne correspondent,of-..the FaiSf" Spectator says : —“ It is. rumored that the lad ChiiiP Ross, stolen some years ago in America, ia fa jiff-* bourne, and that private detectives have a cine.” i Either the'deputation or the Age reporter in the figures in the following“ Mr W. CoEcF> Simthintroduced'a deputation fromßallarat Wednesday 'to'the 1 Aoting'Chief Secretary in tAr* to, a‘sum ; of' money . being given '•to : the local fek libfafy'for the purchase of books ahd to crectaiij’ ing;:: It was- stated that the institution wasiurr) - flourishing condition, the number of readers alteJf; ing being,,,,pn an average. 10,000 weekly. S ! , Bryan O’Loghlen acknowledged the importance ill each institutions; and promised to give it asmattp-- the-pnrchase-of ■ books proportionate to- tha eaiss*- - tions. As to the grant for building would see that the Maim had fair conaideratira vb£' the next vote for similar purposes was.before Pin- ’ ment)” " On Wednesday,- — 29fcbf January, at the Police'*Court,- Chitcbernok; Moody was bronjhtaS' beforeMr Hedrick, JiP., and Mr Newman, on tend! pn.amharge' of riptoiis,conduct at .the Datbaa was discharged, and immediately rearreatedimda6&'; Vagrant Act) and sentenced to six months’ injimf T ment with hard labor, ’ f.; Thißrowns and Soarsdaie Borough Conncfl rcj';* wisely .have determined so , far to carry oat tbanlr - 5 scheme' as propounded' by Mr Lutz, GovernE! engineer, or abandon the whole affair. ■ It will b; 5-- membered - that a meeting of ratepayers at Sz-.J daidignbred the scheme as proposed by Mr Lu(z,d' 1 only went for the ..purchase of certain but the Scafsdale.'Council naturally conclude lb!c,, . would tie useless without the- other, and purji . having a meeting of : ratepayers on Saturday enE rs to test their views on the subject. On Wednesday evening, 19th January, i’seta)' of .the managers of the Smythesdale town and rd. fields common was held in Bishop’s Commercial ti;- Present^-The Mayor (in the chair), and M-;- - .- a^d 'Harry,; n ( ;The;; badance-sheet showed -r£«ip‘j . ; ', ? . the amb.un.t;of| £lBO ds'Sd, and the expenditote J * same; inclusive of £l7 Ids 7d in hand, and it va:,’ solved to forward a -copy to the Mu'ij Zf‘ Acoountsl'to'the amount las'fid werepai;; tor payment," and it -was’resolved to write borougU’-cpuncil to nominate a manager in lieacil' v Bang.ifor non-attendance, and on the motion Keith it was resolved ito.make application ion ~ j reserve on the common at a place known a. C* 2 *-if" man’s dam, at, the-bottom of Surface Hill Thnor; * eluded the business. ■.: L'- .-'Sir George Bowen, family, and suite viU V on board'the mail eteamer ou Saturday, Hi . ' proximo, atthe.Williamatown pier, at -2 o’dodpT*'. .On Tuesday, 25th, the Acting Chief .. other- members of* the Ministry, will proceed Heads in the ' Victoria steamship to meet lb rooms, and welcome the Marquis of NoroiEj, , Victoria. . The Ringarooma will arrive probiKj s '.. on the morning ,of. the 26th. The new Gar:"’’’ land.at Sahdridge" as preceding Governors bin and drive to Government House, there to be sv®- - ■The ceremony will take place there, now tbstlr'f / a'.Qpvernihent House with a large throne non®, Jble of'hbldibg two thousand people, and fittedB 6 " < dais and other ; arrangements.. This is the pw®, other colonies, and Lord Normanby will, he at the new Government House in the presence i‘ L . members of the Executive Council and of bothh® , of Parliament,-the judges, .the foreign coi®M heads of the various churches, the leadingoSjb; the Civil Service, and such of the general choose to attend;’ Tha hour cannot now be uv. , due notice will,, be given'of it as soon as isi ia received that the Ringaroom is off the tout 1 arrangements" have been fully approved of »f Normanhy. The Royal commission on closed roads recoup its fishing inquiry at .Colac on WedneM*!-' evidence, however, was not of a nature to eib.j Government ,delegates. It went tol show ' »- proper mode of settling the question wooM . ~-. allow the erection of swing-gata, the estate owners rental .for the land so * L . .V- The object pf.the enquiry was fully_expoaed( ! - •. Telegraph) by ..the leading questions P ut J ' different witnesses. They pointed to ths. desire of the commission to elicit the^ most ; mode of “ bursting up'the big'estates.” f , *‘ Mr Bartropis, certainly, a very fortunate® 2 , . Argus says:—“ Mr Q. F. Bartrop, clerk or e ’ Court and Police , Court, Melbourne, “ u G[‘ s; twelve months’leave,of absence on full ' purpose of visiting Europe.. Mr Bartrop recently been|app"dinted to his present P® '• j has been many .years.’in the Governments ~ ;A fatal case of sunstroke• occurred at jfj.-; street "railway station on Wednesday. working at the station, knocked off work i’ dinner) when| he was. seized, with ant j lf * v and shortly afterwards became • taken to the -Hospital, where he died at» subsequently; - v Tw’o persons died'.of sunstroke in ■ Wednesday. rTha'.fashionable folks of Melbourne of .delicious anticipation, owing to.tne' 12 ,; that a. : celebrated ■ St. Kilda beauty P u ah. action for breach of promise against a vidual well known in exclusive circles. ' The, Americans (a-London P a P s^ r ? l S&* : '' boasting of their big trains, one,’ 0 * , -■>?; Northern Central Railroad, is reporto , 6200 feet 3 inches long, or- a nulel a This train ia “claimed ” by the' " "\S largest ever drawn by a single engine- . Tha value of a pannikintul of co^.^-- jr v -§1 be - properly appreciated in weather « '-.-s-s .' Wednesday. - This fact was evidently the, stationmaster at Meredith i Bs 'oJijiit/ ‘Advertiser), for when the train , 12 through that station a large can of w» -out, • 'This official, who- has e,l^et LL bf * , .consideration . than is generally 1 ",v offioials, dealt out pannikinful art • .gf water to the thirsty. oocupanU.of a I. o [ &-V r„3- ,riage, disregarding tha iropioal w®‘ ; - ■ out the bread haia t^em futpuggary," or to “give »nd cheese, to Jen h »_ an d- other-benevolences h!B ,fSyt affection ;<or hia Mow train was moving off «»»«* man. A°d ~ hi seen running along the:platform,, gini&ritan; could be , th * t , Boma perspiration-: m « ht not IOM the o£ cold water by tho. way.,,, m ento£aglass , - and Weatl play The tal f B * B of cricket bn the Western. O val on tlieirannual gam off p ;tched at 10 o’clock, :_The Monday, wickets nt the East:-T. Lyle following P*?J Wilson Swan, Lyle, (captain),. CripP - t Little; Casley, 1 Nobbs. -and «; aU repreaented-_byß.lnce Stewart, 'Y Carnow, Maddern, R. Turner’ Anguiir, and Ince.'jan., XA n > c rfi a wil | tj e WO und- np with » to held inVhe Jtoyal George ; hotel„, for n« an entirechange-of- wgbt-if the prize held over.for the decision of announced, a - t e |to "pick l out the best conundrums B “ by Mr E. Byte :to, the author of. the second bwt conundro m. , .... £" ‘'''. 