THE CRY OF THE WRETCHED. For hours along the crowded street, With aimless steps I've trod, Without a homo or hope in life, With scarce a hope in God. This cruel night is fitting close To such a crushing day ; The earth is, oh ! so dreary cold ! And heaven so far away. The friendless rouse no anxious thoughts, The busy throng sweeps on ; I've stayed beyond the city's lights, The twilight's grey has gone ; My useless arms have failed to win A crust, a place to stay ; Earth has no work, no room for me, And heaven is far away. 0 great, wide world ! O frowning sky ! So cheerless and so vast, 1 dare your keen and cutting sleet, Your piercing, bitter blast ; Rage, howl, and lash this living spark From out the tortured clay, That feels existence dark, all dark, And heaven so far away. How dull and black beside my feet The sluggish river rolls ; It beckons as a demon might To lure unhappy souls. Its slimy voice is whispering, Here rest in peace for aye ; O God ! the river is so near, And heaven so far away. ii ' " ' A Do the Dying Suffer PalnP— People do not like to think of death. It is an unpleas ant subject; bnt it constantly obtrudes it self, and there has been much speculation as to whether mental or physical pain attends the final act. Observation teaches us that there is little pain of either kind in dying. Experience will come to us all one of theso days, but it will come too late to benefit those who remain. It seems to be a kind provision of nature that, as we approach the dread event, our terrors diminish, and the coward and the hero die alike — fearless, indifferent, or resigned. As to physical pain, Dr. Edward H. Clark, in "Visions," says: — " The rule is that unconsciousness, not 'pain, attends the final not. To the subject of it death is no more painful than birth. Painlessly we oome ; whence we know not. Painlessly go; whither we know not. Na ture kindly) provides an anaesthetic for the; body when the spirit leaves it. Previous to that moment, and in preparation for it, . respiration becomes feeble, : generally slow and short, often accomplished by long in-; spiration and short, sudden expirations, so that the blood is steadily less and less oxy genated. At the same time the heart acts with corresponding debility, producing a slow, feeble, and often irregular pulse. As this process goes on, the blood is not only driven to the head with diminished force, and in less quantity, but what flows there is loaded more and more with carbonic acid gas, a powerful anaesthetic, the same as that derived from charcoal. Subject to its in fluence the nerve centres lose consciousness and sensibility, apparent sleep creeps over the system ; then comes stupor, and then the end." How Did St. Paul Look,— A curious discussion between M. Renan and M. M6z- iore3 concerning the personal appearance of St. Paul has followed the public reception of M. Renan into the French Academy. M. Renan has described St. Paul as a bald man, of short stature, aquiline nose, meet ing eyebrows, pale face, small head, pierc ing eyes, thick beard, prominent shoulders, and bow legs. Challenged to explain whence he derives all these remarkable details of St. Paul's personal appearance, he has cited the "Acts of Thekla" as his authority for tbe aquiline nose, the bald ness, the meeting eyebrows, tbe small stature, and the bow legs — and the eccle siastical history of Nicephrus for the small head, the piering eyes, the pale face, the thick beard, and the prominent shoul ders. As M. Renan would certainly not accept either of these very unhistorical authorities as his warrant for any statement intrinsically improbable, we wonder why he so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically improbable. An apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will be quite as ready to invent their circum- sbanrial framework. "Would anyone in his senses go to Defoe's " Apparition of Mrs. Veale" with the view of discovering not what Mrs. Veale's ghost was like — being rationalistic enough to reject the ghost as a fib of Defoe — but what Mrs. Veale herself was like, where she had lived, and what where her circumstances ? The ways of imaginative rationalists are certainly won derful, and their affirmations often stranger than their denials.- —The Spectator. The name of a New Hampshire school is May I Cough. It is much more common to hear school-teachers addressed as May I Gwout.- —Alta Gali/ornian. 