A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. ?.. Br ? . ? . ? ? 1 ' MES. E. E. N. SOUTHWOBTH, ; 'Author of "Tho Hidden Hand." "Tho Deserted Wife," " Self-Made," &a;, fcc. ; CHAPTER VII.-(Confinu«&Y-; ' ' " Ab, yeo, tho packet I Ai Boon ag I nat recovered from my astonishment I picked U] tba paoket and examined lt. It proved i Urge; cl'mely-crowded und '; flrmlj-sealei envelope, which I immediately recognised a ono Soto which I had seen him) pat letter« or something like letters. I turned it ove and saw that it waa directed to »ts, with i charge upon my honour not to break tb Benia or open the packet until coon to-day." ' " That, wai very singular," said the earl. .-. " So I thought, my lord ; and ai I walks! back to Misten to take my boat, and os I wu rowed back in it to Civeland, I was lost ic conjecture as to what it oould moan. J longed impatiently to open tho paoket, bul was bound in honour not to do BO until noot to-day." : i " And you had no suspicion of itsoontonta ?' " I do cot.'eny that, my lord. I did suspeol tbatiDesparde, knowing that I was in debi .and unwilling to ask my undo for money, had talcon tliis way to forco a loan oi money upon mo, and by putting me on my honour not to opon tho packet until noon to-day,' had intondod, to prevent my re turning it to him, who would by that ilma have started on his wodding tour. Such woro my thoughts, my lord; but I passed a'vory sleepless night, all on account o£ this packet.'* "My young.friend, get on fastor. This pockot contained an explanation of Dos pavdo's strange conduct !" exclaimed tho earl, impatiently.... . " No, it did not, satisfactorily. I beg you boar with.me, my lord. I will bo as brief as poBsiblo. I arose thia morning all eagerness to know the* contents .of the paoket, though I suspected it to bs money; j and, if BO, meant to return git. My sister and myself vere to oome boro to tho, wodding, whoro wo expeoted to arrive a little before eleven. We get out at tan o'clock, I taking the sealed packet with mo whioh I waa forbidden to opon until noon. I Baid notbiDg to ray sister of tho existence of thia paoket. We expeoted, as I said, to bo hero at eleven o'olook; but, most unfortunately, when we were about half-way between the two placee, going down Breaknook HUI, one of tho horses fell and disabled himself, and we were forced to wait two hours in Kiretlo Way's eliieliog while I despatched the coachman on the Bound horse to Caveland to bring another." "?Well, well, wolli" [oxolaimod tho carl, rapping his fist upon tho: table, "tho paoket! tho pockot I" , "Noon found us.in Kirstio Way's cabin, and thora I opened tho packet, in which I found three closely-sealed letters, folded in half a shoot of paper, on which wore written some words for mo, without dato or signa turo., -.They wore to tho effect-but I think I can ropeat thom: word- for word. They ,woro aa follows i . .' 'Farawell.anijoff to tho uttermost \- parts of . tho earth',' driven' by a terriblp destiny, /Perform'tho last act of friendship for mb by delivering trio enclosctl.lettors to their several addresses as. soon ofter sight as may bo, and think charitably ns possiblo of your most unhappy friondl'. "That was all, my lord. When. Turner arrived with the fresh horses we hastened on hero as fast OB possible," replied Brandon. "Hnmphl humph 1 hnmpb 1 Bo it appears that Valdimir Dosparde ia an atro oloas villain, and has broken his troth with xny granddaughter!" exolaimod tho earl, soaroel.v able to govern bia fury. . " Indeed, my lord, it looks so ; yet tho man could scarcely bo nano who would do such a thing as that. Tho most brilliant marriage in tho country I a brido, young, lovely, rioli, nod titlod ! a prospectivo countoss in hor own right ! I can Bcnrcoly boliova that ho has beon so mad as to break troth with hor ladyship I" enid Brandon, shaking his hoad in a dubious manner. 4 ^ * "Some low oonnootion, sir! Soroo dia gracofulontunglomcnt ! Exposure threatened nt tho last moment ! Flight taken suddenly to escapo puflio humiliation. Oh, I under stand, I undorstand it all!" cried tho carl, emiting his forohoad, rising and beginning to walk up and down tho library floor. "Upon my honour, I never thought of that J" ezolaimed Brandon Coyle, bringing down his hand upon tho table, a« ll struck forolbly, for tho Brat time, by tho new Idea. " That never occurred to my mind I Yet it must bo the trae theory of his condaat, my, lord. You mult, bo right. Ye», ho' ? inust havo baon drawn into somo ' dls'orodit " aWp ontnnglomont and threatened with ex posure, and ho has fled to avoid public' dishonour,!.:. No,doubt of iib'I'*'. ,, ' . ], . '.?', ; ¡ j'-vM Perdition, soizo .liim.'l" cried tho '.old man, gTlndinghis teotlrin rago. "I wish.I knowwhore. no hos''gonoI Howto follow him up'and, brinpf bimi to oondign punish mont ! Con y oil form any idea of tho course tho villain has takonP" "Nono whatever, my lord. Ho started from Melon station, by tho down train, which you know has many branches. Hf may have geno to London, Liverpool, . ol Southampton.' I cannot tell. 1 did no] know until noon to-day but that he hac only gono to .the next market-town, ' t< return in a few honra. But, perhaps, th< letters which he intrusted mo may thron Bomo light on tho subject." "Ah, the letters! To whom wore thej addressed r" " To Lady Arielle Montjoio-" . "The diabolical villain ! How dared h< write to her ! " burst forth from, tho earl " "Well, tho others, sir I the others !" " "Were directed to Miss Despardo and U Lord Boacdevero." .?? "Where are those letters?" eagerly do manded the earl, stopping short in his exoitet walk and pausing before bis visitor. . V They are hers, my lord. I brongbt then here, os to the placo where I shonld bs mos! likely to find all the parties to whom they ari directed." " Lord Benndevere and Mis? Doopardf have not arrived. Nor have they seat an} explanation of their absonoo," said the earl coldly. , " They were to have come willi Mr. Des parda, I think." ? " Yes, of oourse." " Then they may be in distress at tbs dis appearanoo of Desparde and may be pursu ing a-senroh for him, before taking any deoidod Btep in coming or sending," "It may be so. Wbero is tba letter yon brongbt from that wrotobod onitiff lor my granddaughter? May Satan seize him ! Qive me tho letter 1 Sho sholl not have it I She Bli oil not be insulted by tho sight of it I Give it to me immediately ! My girl is n minor, and I am her natural and legal guardian. I have a right to control her cor respondenco. The letter !" " l om very sorry, my lord, but I have not got it in hand. It ii here. But I sent it upstairs to Lady Arielle by the hands of tn j siBter," said Brandon Coyle, deprecatingly. " Tho demon you did, sir ! Then I must say that yon have tahoe a very great liberty 1" oxolaimed tbe old gentleman, losing bis patience and his self- control at laBt. " Ay, I do, sir 1 And, moreover, I think that you acted a very doubtful part in having seen this scoundrel off on his disgraceful flight, and in having taken obarge of his letters to deliver -thus oovering the retreat of a dastardly villain I" *' Lord Altofaire, began Brandon Goyle, haughtily, " your natural and great distress of mind at this crisis shields you from resent ment, and evon oxousos tho injustice of your words. But if you will consider, my lord, I you will perceive that I am not the least to blame. ' At Valdimir Dcspardo's request, I I took him in my boat to Mutton, not knowing that he was going any farther. Then, ou learning that he intended to tnko the down train,'I naturally enough supposed that ho was going to Penrith,.to return by tho six p.m. express train, as he had ofton done. When ho throw mo that packet from tho oar window, directed to mo, with a charge upon my honour, not to open it until noon to-day, I fancied that it was a loan of money whioh ho had takon this mannor of forcing- upon my acceptance. How, lot mo ask you, should I have suspected that ho was about to fly tho country)' Or that tho pnokot ho intrusted to honour, to bo held senled until noon to-day ; should have contained his farewell letters to relatives nnd friends bo had abandoned P Pray bo just to roo, my lord !" " Brandon, I beg your pardon. This great shock has distrnotod-has demoralised mo. I must go to my granddaughter. And then mako what excuse I can to . disperse these wedding guests," groanod tho earl. " My dear lord, make use of me. I will remain hero at your ordors," said Coyle, with a seeming earnestness of friendship that might have deceived noyono. " Thanhs 1 Thanks, Brandon 1 I scarcely deserve this nt yonr hands. Stay hero, good friend. Say nothing to anyone of what bas ooourrod. Por heaven's sa li o do not moke a sensation 1 We must seo what is to be done. Pray do not leave this roam nntil my return. By staying hero you 'will escape annoying questions," " I will remain nntil yon ooma baolt, my lord," answered Coyle, with an air of reveren tial sympathy that touched the heart of the stricken old nobleman. . . Brandon Goyle opened the library door, and tho earl bowed and wont out. ; '? ' Coylo closed the door, droppod into a chair, throw his bead bnok, and laughed Btlently-a fierce, hideouB laugh, that displayed his. double row of strong, white teeth, in ghastly, contrast with his short-curled, orow-blaók boord and his dark brown skin. By a,fiendishly mingled tisane of truth and falsohoöd he had completely ' deceived the carl,-, as ho had .previously deceived his friend, and bad shielded himself from the least shadow of complicity in the flight of the fugitivo 'bridegroom, and now ho triumphed in the fall success of hie Bebemos'. ' , " Tho way is opened for mo to a marriage with Lady Arielle ! I ncod fear no rivals,' oithor I A brido nbnndoried nt the altar' is an objoot of suspicion, not to be sought in marrin'go by any man that sha would bo Ukoly'to nocopt. .Nb; her. hand will go a-begging amone; her . poors, boauty and prospective countess in her own right as eho'.isl'. Her'grand-parents, tho haughty Earl and Countess of Altofairo,: will "bo glad enough to .bostow hor on a respootable oomrnonor lilto mysolf.. And once tho husband of.Lady Arielle, tho world may: unearth my skfelotbn an'd'disoovor.kny secret ns soon as it plbnseá; . Yeti do'not .think it will.. That sócrotis too deeply buried andfalsolylabelled. Como -! I was born without my own,consent I -amid olroumstancos not of my own bring-, ing about! .The Pates had a spite .against me, and I mustjdeferid myself against their" fury, as boat I can. Marry a oountoss.in hor own right 1. Got into Faruameñt-à spat in tho . Houso of gommons-then a reversion of hor .titlo to myself I . . A soát in tho Hoaso of Lords 1 Ay ¡I in tho cabinet, perhaps 1 Who Jtnows how ?' high' vaulting ambition, may, loapP . ?.., .. ?": 1 ' ... 'Tho fatod sky ' .J -, Gives us froo scope, and only doth backward . .puii : ?;] Our ..slow., designs .whon we ourselves oro, dull.',":,: K' i?/ '.'-'-'' , ? :-' ' Meanwhile Lord'Altofaire had, gone up to his granddaughter's ohumbor, , and, finding hor uttorly. ovorwhelmed-by tho shook of hor bridegroom's dosertioh, ho loft ¡ hor in,the, bands of hor attendants and hastened down-, Btairs to soolc their family physloion, who. was among tho wedding guests. . Ho did not wish to oroato a confusion. He] put à strong constraint upon himself, and, ontored tho drawing-room, whore some hun dreds of gontlomon and ladios had been wait ing for hours and wondering what ; could havo happened to dolay tho marriago oore-. atony thoy .had oomo to "witness. ?/AB..' those distinguished, wedding ghosts tho oàrl had . cordially woloomed on their arrival, and now, whon thoy saw him anter, very quiet ¿nd very pale, and go directly to old Dr. Bonnet," sponfc low, and toko him outti a whlspor went round tho room that soraoono had boan taken ill. , ' ? lt is" wonderful how BÖmotimcB truth bo-, comos known without tho help of bunnin' agonoy. Somehow a part of tho truth oropt in among, 'ino" wedding' çu'osts, so. that tho phrase," ''.'¡Somoónó has hoon taken ill," gavo place* to' the; phraso, '? Tho bride .has boon ;tákónm." ; ''.. '". / ,' .:,'.'''.,. '. ? i :Thus -ivas tho way smoothed for tho ,nirnounóomont of tho physiqlan,. hall, un, hourlator, that-"- ... - -. ,./i , .,, ?]')? *""..' (To le continued.) 