THE MAGAZINES FOR JULY. j Out of an appalling mass of magazines ore select a limited number for special notice, i Blachoood, on the whole, must be pronounced dull. The political article on what we are thankful to be able to call the late Afghan war is too one-sided an affair. We may grant that the policy of " masterly inactivity " had broken down as regards Cabul ; bitterly that a moderate advocate of our Government ought to claim for them is credit for having made short work of a necessary war, and a fair trial for a new frontier, and new political relations with the present Ameer. It is, however, interesting, and in some sense encouraging, to learn that as long ago as 1868 a man of General Lumsden's ability recommended to the Indian Government an arrangement with Shere Ali substantially the same as that which we have just made with his successor by the treaty of Gandamak. Against the laboured ghost story of Morcors Tower, I Ave utterly protest. The whole machinery savours too strongly of the propaganda of spiritualism. is On ne vent j ear assez conveys a very good lesson ; but when we are told that nothing but a strong effort of the will is required to develop a sound of mysterious footsteps into a visible ghost, primed with " confidential communica- tions," we feel that we are cheated of the solemn shadow which clings to haunted dwellings without gaining one glimpse of rational light. " With Colonel Pearson at Ekowe is a valuable paper, as it may serve to give English readers a better notion of the difficulties attending a campaign against African savages, and to make them more lenient in criticising the conduct of our generals as well as more moderate in demanding immediate successes. The article ion "Hidden Treasures; Torlonia Museums," is full of interest for lovers of ancient art. To many English people who believe themselves to have " done " Rome thoroughly it will come quite as a revelation, and will, no doubt, stimulate future tourists to desperate efforts at disturbing Prince Torlonia in his solitude of high thoughts," and at sharing those special privileges of which the writer in Blackwood has made such able use. The Cornhill opens with the first chapter of a new novel by Mr. Black, " White Wings.'' His success in chronicling the sayings and doings of a party in a phaeton has probably suggested to him that the humours of a yachting party among those Western Isles which he knows and loves so well, should yield ample scope for lively varieties of character and incident and this first instalment of the tale quite justifies his calcula- tion. Readers will delight to meet " Queen Tita " again, and, it they are true lovers of nature, will enjoy the beautiful word pictures of Hebridean seas and sides. "Gray and his School is a little tinged with a mannerism unconsciously caught from Thackeray, but contains a good deal of just, and by no means common- place, criticism on that transition school of poetry, of which Gray was the highest ornament, and on the personal characteristics of its members. Of the essay on " Egil's Saga " AVO cannot claim to be competent judges. But its introductory pages will prove useful to those who, like ourselves, stand on the mere threshold of Scandinavian lore. And there is a Homeric vigour and freshness about the old Icelandic legends which must always possess a strong attraction for poetic minus. Art critics will find a good deal to admire and a good deal to dispute over in the article on the French and English schools of painting. Such comparisons rest quite as much on feeling as on judgment and moreover, relative estimates of an immense number of works of art, as to which no general agreement can be expected. The concluding summary of the merits of the two schools is, however, call of fully worked out, and will, we believe, command general assent not the less hearty, no doubt, because it is on the whole favourable to English art. The historic sketch of the Comedie Francaise is peculiarly apt at the present moment, when London is running wild after a troupe of French comedians. The number is, on the whole, a good one. We notice the New Quarterly Magazine for its third instalment of " Our Public Schools," the subject of the present number being " Winchester." In this, as in the previous sketch of Harrow, the style of comment is hardly pleasant ; yet there is so clear a recognition of principles, and such a grasp of details, that the series can hardly fail to do good service. While I such searching criticism of our Public schools I is going on at home, it is reassuring to find so thorough a master of the subject as Mr. Thomas Hughes-ive had almost said, Tom Brown strongly recommending them in the " North American Review" for imitation by our American cousins. That the spirit they foster would have a wholesome effect on American society and politics we fully agree: but it is difficult to see how and where they are to cake root. The South would clearly be more congenial to such institutions than the North ; but the South is unhappily still is suffering a i recovery " after its gallant but ineffectual struggle, and has neither heart nor energy for anything but the barest self-defence against corrupt aggression. The introductory article in Vrase,-, summing up the first fifty years of Regina's career, gives us some interesting details of literary history, though it rather stars over the changed leanings of the Magazine. The disclaimer of pronounced partizanship suits but ill with the tone of the concluding essay, " a Government on its trial, which is simply an electioneering pamphlet, more violent than anything on which her Majesty's Opposition have ventured for some time past, levelled against Lord Beaconsfield's foreign policy. It is ingenious, but a complete anachronism, reopening questions on which the country has long since declared its mind, and which the wisest of the Liberals have found it expedient to drop. No practical politician now charges the Ministry with an insane hatred of Russia, or accuses them of having sought a quarrel with Cetewayo. The article on " Shelley, as a lyric poet," contains a good deal of sound criticism, clearly expressed. The upshot is, that in spite the marvellous richness of his language, the liquid melody of his versification, the exquisite subtleties of his imagery, Shelley will never hold extensive sway over the hearts and minds of men, because, as his critic tersely puts it, " he was not at home with any reality known to other men neither with nature as it actually exists, nor with man as he really is while he ignored the world of moral and spiritual truth behind. We must confess ourselves disqualified for judging of the merits of " Mary Anerley," as a story. The style repels us, at the very outset. Here is the author's description of his heroine :-" She with the multitudinous tingle of youth runs away, rejoicing. The crispy power and freshness of the morning are upon her, and the air of the bright sun lifts and spreads her like a pillow State's egg !" After this, who will have the courage, like Oliver Twist, to " call for more." " Gossip and Gossip" should be read by every one who values a moderate but earnest protest against a crying scandal of our day. It is levelled at the same prurient tittle-tattle, flavoured with titles names and fashionable argus, which called forth the memorable paper in the Contemporary on a "New Phase of Journalism ;" but it is written in better taste and better temper, and has the merit of fairly admitting that there may be a form of social gossip which is not merely harmless but instructive. The author might easily have selected worse examples of pretentious detraction from an average number of Truth, The World, and other similar caterers for vulgar curiosity ; but those furnished fully justify his indignant exclamation, " What a pitiful spectacle is the public which awaits with impatience, and pores over, and delights in, all these impertinent pottinesses-alb these inBolont suggestions. ... ." MacMillan opens with an article, which is professedly a critique of Wordsworth's poetry, but in fact a collection of Mr. Matthew Arnold's dicta on poets and poetry in general, with a special application of these data to the poems of Wordsworth, Some of the remarks are just, and well applied, nor do we quarrel with the critic's general estimate of the poems, though he strangely overlooks the ?" White Doe of Rylstone." But the tone is too obviously that of one speaking ex cathedra, and not so much admiring, as patronising, the great Lake poet. There is a further instalment of Miss Anne Koary's noble legacy to English novel-readers, " A Doubting Heart," which will need no recommendation to those who can appreciate refined thought, engaging narrative, and a pure English style. " The Dramatisation of Novels" hits a curious legal blot. We protect A. B.'s novel against English piracy, but if C. D. chooses to turn it into a play, good, bad, or indifferent perhaps making money by the theft, perhaps bringing the original tale into contempt there is no remedy 1 A. B.'s sole protection is to dramatise his own story for himself after which C. D. is responsible for pirating, near the story, but the play. " The Mirabeaus " will be an, agreeable surprise to many English readers who have heard but of one remarkable member of a very remarkable family. Finally, among the trashy verse with which so many of our magazines are garnished, it is refreshing to meet with Dean Stanley's " Hymn for John the Baptist's day, with its vigorous thought, strong terse English, and sound versification. Temple Bar, for July, is a decidedly good number. The articles are, for the most part, lively and interesting, and yet free from what we hold to be the great vice of modern magazine-writing-the air of assumed profundity which claims to dispose of a great subject, while merely indicating its outlines. The article on " James Boswell," in which that most accurate of bio- graphers candid and truthful in spite of his hero worship is defended against the illogical satire of Lord Macaulay, is closely reasoned and full of interesting matter. The review of " The Souvenirs of Madame Vigee Le Brun " is an appropriate introduction to a charming book, of a character too rare in the present century. There is a useful article on " Conventional Precedence," which may save a careful reader from many social blunders. The new novel, " Probation," a tale of the cotton famine, somewhat on the lines of Mary Burton, is carried forward with much spirit, and though we believe the serial form unfavourable to high excellence in fiction, there is certainly the promise of an interesting tale. Apropos of serials, we must mention a remarkable story, now well launched on its course in Mr. Strahan's rising periodical, Day of Best. It is entitled " Bebe, the Nail-maker's Daughter," and, though by an unknown hand, is held by good judges of Action to show not merely great promise, but high artistic excellence already attained. We should be glad to hear of the Day of Best as popular in Australia ; it is ably supported, and, while free from good is and Sabbatarian narrowness, contains nothing which a Christian moralist' could hold unfit for Sunday reading. 