" Three Black Crows." Sti DY NORTHIUMBERLAND. « PHfILOSOPIERS affirm that it is a diffliult i matter to determine the weight of evi- b tlence based on testimony; and they f write learnedly enough to convince us, ' that the five senses, or porches which b lend to the sensorium, are deceptive as the " Cock Lane Ghost." Leaving the d positive and negative aspects of this 1 question to such men as fHume and Dr. Chalmers, the thing is what are we to be lieve? A man in the employment of Dr. Carr fired off a gun from a street facing a public common. No sooner was this done, than policeman Cadaver, who was suffering fiom severe mental perturbation, comes to demand the' name of the un happy Teuton, declaring that .the gun just.discharged had Leon charged with a ¬ rifle ball, which had lacerated his ear. "The tug of war" now took place.. A gentleman of over twenty years' resi dence in Queanbeyan asserted the thing I to be impossible; that the gun just fired was his own old favourite Manton; that nothing more dangerous than pow der :;ad been fired out of it ; that it had been twice charged and fired, as a cleans ing process. Several bystanders affirmed that neither shot nor rifle ball had been fired. It wouldn't do, however: P. C. Cadaver pointed to his wounded oar, as a fact of experience. A cause celebres was to be manutactured. The knights of the baton rolled up. Private constable Blaze-up had a portion of the laminated substance of his upper jaw carried away ; Sergeant Clamourloud pointed to his dis hevelled locks, to show how the ferocious instrument had traversed the dome of his braid, and Inspector Traps declared that on hearing the report of the gun he had descried the flight of the murderous missile through the air, which at last fal ling, and ricocheting as such projectiles will do, sped into the grim precincts of the prison and smote an unhappy felon on apart not nameable here, so that he fell on his face and roared lustily. The aid of a well-known disciple of Mesmer and 'Faraday was immediately secured by the exci ted officials. The ' learned professor found the man ap parently comatose. Having obtained per mission of the chief telegraphist, he had poles leading from a powerful battery in C the "electrical telegraphic office." These poles he applied-one to the region of the t sufferer's occiput; the other, to his epi gastrium. The effect was miraculous; a yell was uttered which nearly cracked the prison walls. Professor Galvani then addressed the officers ; and said, "Gentle e men, the case of malingering just now sue s cessfully exposed by me, occurs to priso ners as a happy thought, to secure immu nity from labour, and the luxury of beef tea, plun cake, and brandy." It was clear enough that the prisoner had fallel simul taneously with the report of the gun; r that certain protuherances had not been ruptured; and that his sudden indisposi d tion was a sham. It did not end here. It got wind that the Kelly gang had blown t down the gates of the jail, as revolution ists had done the Bastile. Had a torpedo e burst in the city greater consternation y could not have been created. An ox e French drummer sang the Marseillaise f hymn, and thundered on the steps of the a Temperance Hall the pars clescharcge. It d was long before Cadaver, Blazeup, Traps and Co., could pacify the turbulent mul e titude. Graduallyit became known, that y the exciting cause of all this was an un Slucky Germln,-:whose crime was -that of tiring a cleansing charge from a gun. Tlie joke lies in this, that it is well attested, SIby highly respectable witnesses who ,can a have no interest in speaking other'thanL the truth, that " nary a bullet was fired ;" that had this really taken place, no known e gun could project a ball a distance-of, a e mile and a-half, so that it should' dodge' II trees, creep round corners, complete 9 spheres, and accomplish the ccan can, in its passage through the air, without even the aid of music. A heated imagination Sand a humid sultry atmosphere may ac count for a great deal. I am aft'aid, how ever, that I must desert all doctrines based on " testimony " or "experience," and fall back on the much ridicnled "idealistic philbsophy" of Bishop Bark a ley. 