SKETCHES OF A TOUR. BY NORTHUMBERLAND. HILL END Is really a hill — one of a countless num- ber of hills or mountains. As the crow flies, it is from Bathurst some 17 miles. It has four churches; several stores, of a which the most important are those of Manson, Meagher, and another. There are seven or eight hotels; an admirable public school, the chief master of which, Mr Lyons Weiss, excludes corporal pun- ishment, and has two gentlemen and three- lady assistants. Mr Rawsthorne, a kind and courteous gentleman, is the Mayor, and Mr Newman is Coroner, land agent, auctioneer, &c.; Scattered around on every side ar gold mines (quartz reef and alluvial),; some exhausted, some working. the principal quartz-reef claim is the Star of Peace. This employs the greatest amount of labour, and produces the larg- est amount of gold. Hill End is far be- hind its former prosperity; it appears to be in its decadence. Mr Newman pointed out to me a handsome cottage whlich a few years ago cost some £400, occupying a fine position on a half-acre section. This pretty villa he recently sold for £50. It is contended by many practical miners of long standing, who have had great ex- perience, that there is plenty of gold; all that is wanted is capital to develop it. This open sesame is wanted everywhere. When the gold fails the place will collapse, as little of the land is fitted for agricultural or pastoral pursuits, owing to its moun- tainous character. MANY INTERESTING FEATURES. All over, the hills and the creeks are brown. Here and, there where the sturdy digger has turned over the soil on hill and in creek, in gully and gulch, down by the silver line of the river Turon, drifting snake- like among mountain passes. The brown patches mark the industry of the seekers of gold, and between Prince Alfred Hill and the Nobbies which are empurpled at this moment by a sun more luminous than has been seen for a long time, we see patches of green which look small paddocks but which are really large cultivated sections, on which industrious settlers earn bread for themselves and famuilies. Some of the small patches, I am told, are in the hands of several settlers who in those remote places, have successful farms growing pro- duce, and measuring hundreds of acres but they are ten, twenty, and thirty miles off now on the brow of a gently sloping, then on a rich table-land; and again in rich se- questered valleys. A great deal of the land is hilly rocky and poor, but mostly it is very rich soil. Hill End is very rich in fruit and flowers; these and vegetables are to be had in great abundance. A prac- tical gardener would find land cheap and suitable, not only for fruit and flovers but for the culture of trees. THE STAR OF PEACE CLAIM Is a great affair. My visit to and inspec- tiou of this claim will leave pleasant me- mories. In company with Mr Hawsthorne, the Mayor, whose practical benevolence covers every acre and household of the district, and Mr Demetrius Moustaka, the manager, I made a general and minute in- spection. The Canoblas were out in the far distance like the ghosts of hills ; their cones and rude and rugged summits — un- dulating masses, upheaved by volcanic forces — resemble the big waves of the sea, when the Atlantic ocean runs wild, or when the bay of Biscay is pleased to swallow up another martyr ship. Down we went — down the brow of Hawkins's Hill — down. It is easy to go down. Fu- cilis decensus averne ! What a clatter of machinery l what a roar and confusion of "dumb mouths !". We ascend; the gentle Rawsthorne and I go up a ladder to the mouth of a great shaft, 760 feet deep, — "steps and stairs" all the way down, with a drive of 700 feet level 140 feet south from the shaft. This in- genious Greek Moustaka is a man of mar- vellous resources, an engineer, miner, geo- logist, prospector, sailor, swimmer, and the last of the children of Priam. He, by his assiduous and untiring vigilance and application, his study of the charac- ter of the whole surrounding auriferous country, and the 14 acres of land included in the Star of Peace property in particu- lar, has reduced theory to practice — lodes, rich veins, gold-bearing quartz, payable gold, and what your miners think proper to name such secret resources of nature. The barren and the fruitful comes out; gold and dirt, and lots of dirt and often a little gold ; but Moustaka showed us quartz of a few days old where the gold was golden — i.e., virgin gold, not corrupted with pyrites, &c.;, and studded like clusters of stars in the newly smashed stone. It was a select lot of specimens, every piece of which was fat and heavy with the precious metal, and my worthy companion, Mr. Mayor, and I near ly wept that the treasures so carefully locked up by the son of Agamemnon were not available. The specimens of two day's produce must be worth some hundreds of pounds. This claim has four engines, three water dams, a splendid tramway, and the fixings, shafts, engines, shoots, all are firm, noble, workmanlike, and substantial. Imagine 760 feet down, down every step for say 258 years, down to Pluto and Pro- sepine and the wife of Orpheus! Now, this is a big joke, but the best of it is getting up again. Moustaka has thews like Milo or Hercules. My small statue and feeble limbs would render such an exercise a penance equal to the sin of a long life. The best of all this is, how the problem of water is solved by this, manager, engineer-in-chief surveyor, and indefatigable drudge* of the Star of Peace, who knows the lay of the country better than the hawks which fly overhead. When he talked of construct- ––––––––––––––– * The word "drudge " is used as a compliment — one who toils, a slave to work. Moustaka is un- ceasing in his work for the success of the mine and the company, nor is there any department from the meanest to the highest where this energetic man does not throw his energy and judgment. ing a pumping engine to force the water to a higher level, then to let it by a gentle gradient fall into Dam No. 2, the people about (and clever men, too) who hadn't seen the thing work, ridiculed the idea. But it works for all that, excepting from loss by steam and evaporation, the water is all recurrent. Far up on the hill is the great dam or reservoir; it is supplied from the cisterns of heaven, and by an ingeni- ous process of syphons the conveyance of water from the greater to the lesser dam is effected; its value is priceless, and is the contriver of it. 