The Advertiser. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 16, 1879. In a recent issue we briefly drew attention to the statistics of population recently pub- <*> lished by the Government, but the subject is of sufficient interest to warrant us in re- turning* to it. The figures showed how rapidly our numbers had increased during the last four or five years compared with the period of equal length before 1874. At one time the number of persons leaving the colony during the year exceeded the arri vals ; or in other words, we did not retain in the colony the additions caused by the excess of births over deaths. The reform of the land system altered this state of affairs by rendering South Australia more attractive to those within its borders and to outsiders, and the growing demand for labor warranted the resump tion of immigration at the public expense. During the five years ending 31st Decem ber, 1676, upwards of 21,000 adults and children were brought here from the United Kingdom at the coat of the State. These people have, with few exceptions, been absorbed into the general community. Of the earlier shipments during this half decade there were too many unsuitable persons, but this evil was corrected after wards, and of the 21,000 the proportion of new comers who are not desirable ad ditions to our population is but small. But few of these people comparatively have left us for otber colonies, and while the Government immigrants have been coining the balance of other pissengers between South Australian ports and those of other colonies and countries is in our favor. All this is very satisfactory, but there is one fault with regard to t_e manner in which our State immigration has been managed to which attention should be called earnestly and repeatedly until the evil is remedied. We allude to the great preponderance of males over females in these shipments of immigrants. In an article published two months ago we dealt with the subject of the disproportion of the sexes in these colonies. South Australia is not wor&e; off in this respect than her neighbors, but rather better; still for several years the excess of males has been on the increase, and last year there were only tU women in the colony to 100 men. In 1675 there were 95 women to 100 men. The fall to 90 in so short a time is somewhat startling, and as a dispro portion of the sexes, but more especially a great preponderance of men is universally considered a great evil, it is worth while endeavoring to ascertain as far as possible the causes of this undesirable condition of things. In a young and flourishing country there will naturally be, during the earlier years or decades of its history, more men than women, because bachelors can more readily emigrate than married men can, and will do 60, or at least those of them who hare any pluck and enterprise, whenever they can see a chance of bettering their condi tion. An excess of males under such circumstances will inevitably arise. It may be regretted, but it cannot be helped. While, however, arbitrary or fanciful remedies for the evil should be discouraged, the State should certainly be carefu* not to increase it. This, however, is what the South Australian Government has been doing, and that to no small extent, during the last four or five years. All the wise caution that was observed in this particular in former times seems to have been flung to the winds, and the Government has been bringing to these shores hundreds and thousands of young men, who are destined o remain single if they remain in the colony; but the danger is that having no ties to bind them to South Australia they will leave us when we have dull times, or special inducements are held out by some neighboring colony. To prove that we are not blaming the powers that be without just cause, we will refer to the *' Decennial lietui_,*' showing the total immigration into South Australia in each year. We will only take the last five years, because it was in 1874 that State immigration was resumed in earnest. We will deal only with the adults, because although during the five years 114 more boys than girls arrived, the Government can hardly be held responsible for the emi grants having more male than female in fants. Coming then to grown-up people we find that in 1874 there arrived 1,071 males and 721 females; 1675—males 1,208, females 851; 1876—males 3,653, females, 2,283; 1877—males 2,272, females 1,54-; 18.6—males 2,3. 4, females 1,301. Totals—males, 11,021; females, 7,_3L t Nearly all these persons were brought here at the expense of the province, so that it will be seen the Government has im ported about 50 per cent, more men than women. In every mouth during last 1 year the same system was pursued, and it is surprising that none of our legislators have had anything to say on this matter. Volumes have been written in Australia, and in this colony especially, about the social and moral evils that must arise [ from a great disproportion between the -exes. It should be borne in mind that as a rule working men marry young if they have the opportunity; the exceptions are few. They are being brought here, however, in thousands under circumstance, rendering their marriage im possible. If through the restlessness that commonly accompanies single life they wander to other lands that will be a mate rial loss to the country. If they remain, too many of them, having no family ties, will be only too likely to form habits that will detract from their usefulness as citi zens. The whole question is one of very serious importance, and it is to be hoped that it will receive the careful considera tion of Parliament during the approaching session. When the news of the alarming attitude assumed by the Zulus first reached Ade laide we, whilst repudiating the idea of being alarmist., ventured to think the matter a serious one; and that we did not over-estimate the military prowess and martial ferocity of that nation the various occurrences that have since taken place have gone far to prove. For a time after the great disaster matters seem to have im proved rather, but recent telegrams cast another ominous shadow over current evanta in Zululand. Another disaster has occurred —certainly not of such magnitude as the former, but nevertheless serious enough aa an indication of either the determination, dash, and cunning of the Zulus, or the gross incompetency of the British com manders. Out of 104 men of the Bth Eegiment 60 have been lost. Forty-one were killed and twenty missing, who mar be considered as dead, as the Zulus sever expect and never give quarter. It is in conceivable how another error, attended, aa in the former case, by such calamitous re sults, has again been fallen into. Sir TbeopMl—j Shepstone, who has spent lug life amongst the Kafir tribes, offi cially and otherwise, and than whom no greater authority on South African native affairs exists, is travelling with tha troops under Lord Chelmsford; and, judg ing by former experience and the past his tory of that country, he could have told tha General of the tenor with which the Boers, the only European nation who had encountered these savages, regarded them; the excessive precautions they took against these black warriors who, possessed of courage of high degree, and pervaded by an utter recklessness of life, stand superior among all tribes for impetuosity of onset. If the noble Lord did not know theaa things it is not unreasonable to say that he ought to have made himself acquainted with them. Who is really to blame for these blunders not sufficiently detailed in formation has reached this colony to enable people here to judge, but the interests of South Africa and the British Empire, and the claims of the widows and orphans of the brave men who have been sacrificed to military incapacity, render it imperative that there should be a strict investigation into the conduct of the war. The Zulus were not half so formidable in the days when they fought the Boers, as then they had no rifles; and the Dutchmen, pursuing their favorite mode of warfare, would fire a volley into the densely-packed masses of their plucky foes, and then wheel round, gallop off, reload, return, and fin again, and so on. But even then, such was their dread experience of the intrepidity, wiles, and agile activity of their enemy, that they took every conceivable precaution against surprise. Ib the first place this ex perience had taught them to encamp upon a plain or any place as far removed as pos sible from any hill, so that they could not only ccc the enemy coming-, but their rifles could have free range. They well knew the two Zulu modes of attack. When favored by hills it was the custom of those savages to divide their forces into three div_dons. The centre would engage and then slowly retreat as if being beaten off, all the while drawing the attacking force to ground the formation of which would favor their wings, concealed far beyond the ken of the scouts; when wanted the men composingthe wings would rush forward at a good swinging run for miles, and descend in «i;wri?4. «____«*• force on both flanks of their foe. A Zulu warrior endued with a splendid physique, hardened in youth by tiie invigorating pleasure of the chase, and inured to all kinds of toil except manual labor, when suddenly called upon to make a forced march, has nothing to do but snatch up his shield and couple of short stabbing assegais and, Dow-a-daya, his rifle, on which, or on the shaft of tbe assegai, he carries his com missariat, a hard-baked mass of Indian corn, and in a lusty and hila rious state of savage health will bound up at the word of his commander, and run easily at the rate of eight or even ten miles an hour for an hour or two, and if needful will proceed throughout the day at the rate of six miles per hour. This rapidity of movement will doubtless account, to a great extent, for the ignorance of Lord Chelmsford as to the fact of 15,000 Zulus being six miles from him when his camp was attacked, and for the sudden onslaught upon the escort of the convoy to Luneberg. Another mode of attack resorted to by the Zulus was that which they so successfully practised against the wing of the gallant 24th. In this mode they advanced gradually in a shape exactly like that of a bird with tha wings very widely extended. These wings are, as in the former case, out of sight. The van of their centre, corresponding to the head and neck of the bird, will slowly retreat as theattacking party advances, and runners in the meantime are sent to order the wings to draw in so as to feel their base and at the came time contract their curvature like the formidable forceps of a great crayfish. Tha instant the extended points of the wings come in sight of each other, the order is to close in with a swift rush to a common centre. In the case of the annihilation of the wing of the 24th, conducted somewhat in this wise, Cetwayo's orders were to pour in one volley at about one hundred yarJs, throw away the en cumbering rifles, and dash in with the stabbing assegai. There is no knowing what serious results may ensue from the fresh disaster to the Bth an the road to Luneberg. The British reverses had already had such an ill effect upon our native auxiliaries, that it has been found necessary to disarm and disband them. The telegrams state that the Basutos, who are able to put some 10,000 good fighting men, mostly armed with rifles, into the field, are only temporarily quelled. Sekukuni is to tha north-west of Zululand, and is an ally of Cetwayo. The Boers are, part of them, in a state of rebellion. The A___> pondos, on the immediate southern frontier of Natal, are daily expected to break out, whilst the Gcalekas and Gaikas on their south again would be very glad to make head against us once more, and under the protecting sag—i of the Zulu despot wipe off old scores with us. And away again to the westward, where the 24th line of longitude cuts the 28th of latitude, Colonels Warren aud Lanyon keep strict watch on the tribes bordering the X—la Impoets fob Wauc Etntnra Awu_ 12. Articles and Quantities. Value, tgricultui—1 implements, 33 pkgs. ... £348 inimals, living, II 1,300 Ipparel and slops, 11 pkgs 91 Beer, bottled, 800 doz. quarts 300 Books .printed, 23 pkgs 69 Boots and shoes, 5 do 98 Bottles, glass, 12 do 7 Bullion and coin 25,000 Butter, 1,120 lbs 56 Carriages, 11 86 .asks, empty, 5 3 Cement, 125 pkgs. 39 Oheese,7,344 lbs.. 225 Clocks and watches, 62 pkgs 411 Coals and coke, 1,652 tons 1,617 Coffee, raw, 2,760 lbs 80 Donfectionery,preservea,&c.;,l,507do.... S3 Copper sheathing and nails, 25 pkgs.... 244 Drapery, 12 do. 129 Drugs, 72 do .„ 314 Earthenware and china, 2 do 21 _ isb, dried and pickled, 218 do. ... 371 Flour and meal, 7 tons 158 Fruit, dried, 6,779 lbs 70 Do., fresh, and vegetables, 82 pkgs.... 39 Furniture, 161 do 405 Glass and glass ware, 8 do 22 Government stores ... 1,000 .rain, 33,632 bushels 7,223 Groceries and oilmen's stores, 139 pkgs. 274 Hardware and cutlery, 227 pkgs. ... 852 Implements and tools, 81 pkgs. ... 437 Iron—Bar and rod, 62 tons 511 Do., wire, 20 do 289 Do, Manufactures, 875 pkgs. ... 584 lewellery, plate, k c., 4 do 115 Leather, 13 pkgs 378 Limejuice, 50 gals 13 Machinery, 5 pkgs. .. 68 Manufactures,unenuiuerated, 605 pkgs. 1,427 Musical instruments, 19 do 154 _il—Mineral, 840 gals 54 Do, vegetable, 181 do 35 Paints, colors, aud whiting, 373 pkgs.... 114 Paper—Printing, 61 do..„ 719 Do., wrapping, 14 do. 77 hari Desert, that gave them so much trouble before surrendering. Natal, it will be noticed, is entirely un protected on the south, while it has hostile Basutos on the left, the Boers on the north-west, and the Zulus on the north. In all thi. turmoil the only two borders of Natal that are quiescent are the Orange Tree State and the Indian Ocean. The troops sent for by express steamers by Sir Bartle Frer. to Mauritius, Ceylon, Madras, and St. Helena have long since reached Natal, and the bulk of the E_<*ii__ rein forcements would get there at the latest about the middle or end of March, so that, if everything was going right we might reasonably have expected good news before now. If we have drawn a gloomy picture the facts warrant it, bnt let us hope that tiie present want of success is owing to un avoidable delay respecting the reinforce ments, and that by this time they have mads their presence so beneficially felt that the surrounding tribes will be awed into a peaceful condition. Telegraphic communication on the Over land Telegraph line is still interrupted. The Hon. William Morgan returned from Melbo-tne by the s_. John Elder on Tuesday. Th* steamer John Elder will not leave _baSen-.pl—.re till noon on Hi—rsday, but her f ijiifciiis must be on board at tbe advertised tune. Four tenders were opened at the office •f the Ar_litect-in-Ohief on Tuesday, for the area—on of the new S.A. Institute building. The tender of Messrs. Brown k Thompson was the Invest. The John Bennie, ship, for London, wbich stranded off Schnapper Point when being towed down the Port Biver on Saturday, April 13, after discharging a portion of her cargo into the barge Legal Tender, was success fully floated off on Toes—ay, April 15, without having sustained any damage. Tbe cargo bas beanronbipprd. During the holidays a bicyclist accom plished a journey from Adelaide to Strathalbyn in four and a half hoars, and made the return trip in an hour lass time. The City Council on Tuesday, April 15, transacted the business of an ordinary meeting in a comparatively brief space of time, the eothe sitting occupying only an hoar and a half. Ihe business comprised an average quantity of correspondence and tbe usual re ports from the tarioos Committees, upoa wbich the ensuing discussions were very much to the point and offered aa agreeable contrast to those of the previous meeting, which lasted aix hours. Mr. Thomas Osborne has received the appointment of Superintendent of the Belair Inebriates' Retreat, which had become vacant by the resignation of Mr. H. Birt. Mr. Osborne's testimonials are very satisfactory, and lead to the hope that be will prove an efficient person for the position be has to fill. We believe that he will enter on his duties next week, at which time also Mr. Birt will commence his new work as Secretary to the Young Men's Christian Association. The following are the scores made by the members of tbe Saddleworth Rifle Club, under eonunand of Captain Gardiner, on Easter Mon day, April 14, at their first trial with Mir tini-Henrii rifles The ranges were ISO, 203, 350, and 380 yards, and the men fired in stand ing position:—Lieutenant Barkla, 41 points; Ensign Crawford. 48 do ; Sergeant Pluckhihu, 62 do.; Corporal Palmer. 45 do.; Private Scott, 42 do.; Private Backshell, 39 do.; Private Ooss, 42 do.; -.irate Biay, 31 do.; Private Kerr, 43 do. At the meeting of the Unley Corpora tion on Tuesday His Worship the Mayor (Mr. If. Townsend, .LP.) intimated tbat aa soon a* the Houae of Assembly met be intended to take action for the removal of the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Badway Company's goods—eds at Sooth-terrace. He thought that tbe sheds were aa eyesore to the suburbs, and power should never have bean given the o__pany by Parlia ment to erect the sheds where they were; but as that power bad beeu given they would be entitled to some compensation. Mr. Town •end'* announcement was received with ap plause. The nuisance arising from the pumping operations in connection with the cesspit at the > Post-Office waa brought under the notice of tbe City Council at its meeting on Tuesday, April IS, by Council—r Olaxton, who alleged that be bad visited the scene of tbe nuisance on tbe aame morning and had found it unabated. The Mayor informed the Council that a letter had been received from the Postmaster-General about a week since, in which he promised that noff—ther canse for complaint shot.ld be given. The Town Clerk's statement that an informa tioo bad been laid against the authorities was reoeired with very emphatic demonstrations of approvaL Between 11 and 12 o'clock on the night of Easter Monday, as Mr. L. Hansen, green grocer, of Leferae. Peninsula, was driving a horse and light spring-cart to the Adelaide market, and whilst passing tbe curve on tbe Port aad Semaphore railway at Glanville, he met with an accident. He states that before be could dear tbe line a train came up and struck -the bat—: part of his trap, taking off one of tbe wheels, breaking the axle, and otherwise con siderably damaging it. Mr. Hansen was pitched out, but fortunately be sustained no injury beyond a severe shaking. Luckily also the horse was not injured. Mr. Hansen says he did njt hear any bdl or whistle to announce the ap proach of the train. By the mail for America which left Adelaide on Tuesday, April 15, an invitation was sent to the Bight Worthy Grand Lodge of the LO.G.T., which meets in Detroit, Michigan, on May 27, to bold its session in 1380 in Ade laide. Tbis body bas now been instituted twenty-five years, and has hitherto held its sessions in tbe United States, Canada, and England, but it has been deemed advisable to show that tbe Order is cosmopolitan in its character, by inviting it to pay a visit to Ade laide. This Grand Lodge is composed of repre -•entatives of tbe Grand Lodges situated in every part of tbe civilized world, aud its sessions are held annually in various parts of its jurisdic tion. An accident, which proved fatal, occurred at Millicent on Saturday afternoon, April 12, to Mr. Charles Leete. house steward at the Govern ment Engineer's office. Mr. Leete took his gun and left tiie bouse to drive a cow into the pad dot—- On Sunday monung,as_eh_dnotretorned, his wife want to search for him, and found him dead on the top of a brush fence shot through the mouth. She immediately fetched Mr. Sogers, tbe Assistant Engineer, who after looking at tbe body sent for the police. The dectfsed, it is supposed, slipped whilst crossing the fence witb the muzzle of the gun towards him, and that the trigger catching in tiie fence tired the charge. An enquiry was held before Mr. George Glen. S.M-, and the Jury found that deceased was" accidentally shot." The City Coroner held an inquest at the -Pier Hotel, Glenelg, on Tuesday afternoon, into the circun_tances attending the death of Jane Agues Gertrude Russell and Abraham Alfred Brooks Bussell, who were killed on the previous day oa the Brighton Bailway. The enquiry extended over eight hours, and in addition to tiie evidence of Dr. Oampbell and Dr. Morrison, win remained witb tbe girl till her death, a large number of persons were examined. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deaths were caused by a train from wbicb tbey had jumped passing over the deceased while in motion, tbat the railway carriages were over crowded, that riding on the steps should be prohibited, and that the evidence of the guard was not altogether satisfactory. A Wellington message in the Auckland Star ot the 29th March states that there has been an extraordinary story current there, appa rently having good foundation. It is said that Sir Hercules Bobinson applied to the Ministers to allow tbe San Francisco mail steamer Aus tralia to go direct to Wellington instead of to Auckland as hitherto, stating that His Excel lency required more accommodation than could be furnished by tbe Hero, Wakatipu, or Botorua, for his immense shipment of baggage and house bold, tt was proposed tbat a telegram should be sent to the Company authorising this depar ture from the contract. Sir George Grey, how ever, politely declined to accede to the request, on the ground that it would be introducing the thin end of the wedge to remove the port of call to Wellington, and would be an injustice to Auckland, and would be an injury to tbe public convenience by causing a delay. Sir Hercules Bob—iaon, however, obtained two men of-war—EH. ships Emerald and Wolverine. The following is a list of the immigrants by tbe Ghimborazo, which arrived on Saturday-. — George Alcock, 19; William Bland, 33; James Butler, 23; William Butler, St; James Can-there,2o; William Chandler,--; Henry Cox, 26; William Cox, 21; James Dodds, 23; John Fraser, 20; Edward Graham, 20; Francis lies,23; William Johnson, 2.;( Richard Mann, _1; John Russell, 19; John Telford, 19; Thos." Telford, 21; John Waddell, 19; William Waddell. 23; John Wilson. 21; William H. Dnnn, 21, agricultural laborers. Samuel Pewse, 22, butcher. Abraham Butterworth, 21; Albert Churm, 22; Bobert W. Franks, __; William Moat, 21; Stephen Picket, 23; James Torrenoa, 84; Thos. Wilson, 27, William, 21, pick and ■hovel laborers. Bobert Douglass, 29, navvy. William Fellows, 21; John Moon, 23, millers and agricultural laborers. Alexander Forbes, 25, laborer. Bobinson Johnson, 22, qu_rrym__ James Mather, 22; David Melville, 22; Thomas Smith, 25; George Thomson, 19, platelayers. David Muir, 22, joiner. David Troup,' 35, builder's laborer. James Wilson. 23, railw.iy laborer. Frank Woolgar, 25,gas_tter. Nation alities- English, 33; Scotch, 9. The Northern Argus states that "on Thursday morning, April 10, as the train was proceeding from Bljth to Port Wakefield an accident occurred on approaching Saint's Station, wbicb fortunately did not result in anything very serious. It appears that there are Gome badly-constructed points at this place, wbich were used when the una was worked by horses. Tbe points on tbis occasion yielded to a 10-ton double trusk, thus throwing it off the j rails, and the wheels were soon embedded in the j ballast. The guard acted with promptitude and j ' judgment, and tbe application of the break prevented the passenger van, which was behind, from dashing against tha trnok. As it was it tilted up on one side about two feet, but no one was injured. Had the accident occurred at aome distance from the station where the train runs at greater speed there would in all proba bility bave been loss of life. We are informed that the points on several portions of the line are as defective as those whioh caused the aoeident. The passengers were taken on in an open truck, and the line was cleared in time for the ret——Strain ia the evening.*' The quarterly board meeting of the Odd fellows, M.U., was held at the M.U. Hall, Franklin-street, on Tuesday, April 15. There were present—The G.M. Jas. Anderson, in the chair; D.G.M. Thos. Paltridge. J.P- G.C.S. A. ST. Beyer, and Directors M. Burgess, J.P., W. Haines. —LP, Mattin _>n, Sketheway, D^veniah, Lane, Clark, Pritcbard, Measday, and Riley, i The balance-sheet showed the following par ticulars :—Receipts—Balance last quarter, j £25,465 Os. lOd.; income for levies, interest, Ac., £1,365 Is. Id. Expenditure—Paid on death of 24 members, £690; expenses of management, £92 14b. lOd.; goods purchased, £26 125.; sun dries, £20 17s. 3d., leaving a balance to the credit of the Widow and Orphan Fond of £25,99. 17s. Iod., which is invested as fol lows:—Loans on mortgage and freehold property, £35,138; cash in Bank of Adelaide, £861 17s. lOd. The Auditors reported upon sundry errors made by branches in their returns. Tha levy for the ensuing quarter was fixed at Is. 6d. per member- The resolution of the Daly District to rescind their fifth District By-law was confirmed. Permission was granted to the Kapunda District to allow a member to pay np bis arrears for eight and a half years, upon the member producing tbe Lodge Surgeon's certificate of health. It was resolved that tbe certificate to obtain a olearance or transfer from one Lodge to another be amended, the same to come into operation as soon as new forms are printed, and circulars to be sent to branches when new clearances are ready. Accounts were passed for payment for £8012s. Id. The long-threatening aspect of native matters along the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand has at length assumed a phase that leaves no room for doubt as to th; fact that there is still" a native difficulty" to be faced. The first outcome of the Parihaka meeting (at which Te Whiti accused the Native Minister of having stolen the lands wf the Maoris) was that the leading chiefs had a mei-t -ing of tbeir own a« soon as Mr. Sheehan had left, i After some discussion as to their future course i of action, they ordered a party of Maoris to drive j tbe surveyors off the land. Some objection was ; raised to tbis course on tbe ground tbat it might ; lead to bloodshed, but Te Whiti said*- have ' spoken,*' and added that the surveyors should be • carried off quietly on to the other side of the ,' Waingoogoogoro Biver; if they returned to ' carry them off again. These instructions were - faithfully carried out. Tbe surveyors were told , by the Maories in a quiet ".business like way to leave tbe ground, which they were obliged to : do. The Maories then loaded up in carts all j the instruments of the surveyors without breifc- j ing or injuring them, and carried them to the ' otber side of the river. The following ia the ■ Ministerial account of the outrage-.— *• A party •f natives led by Te Maau interfered with one of tbe survey parties, and removed tbe whole of ■ tbeir implements. Ice., to the nearest European ,' township. They say that they intend to do the ' same to the other survey parties. Mo violence was used nor threats indulged in, the natives ■ appearing to be good-natured rather than , angry, and tbey took away tbo instruments in carts without breaking anything. This is regarded as a final protest against tbe survey of the plains. The natives concerned ha.. been living on and cultivating the portions of the plains which were being surveyed, aud though they were doubtless acting under in- ' spiration from Parihaka, it is thought tbat the real source of tbe influence is not to be ' found in Te Whiti so much as in various Euro- : peena, who bave married native or halfca->te women, and who seek for compensation for the ■ seizure of the laud. This is, however, only coo- . jectmre, as the telegrams received, though ' coming from five different sources, do not st_te definitely who instigated the natives to resist the survey.*' This Te Mann, who appears to : bave been tbe leader in the affair, bit a white ; woman's finger off some months ago, aud was ; rescued from tbe police while on his way to Now Plymouth. Tbe Net . Zealander, in an article of an apparently official character, while advo cating that a firm attitude should be taken, says that war shot—d not be rushed into if it can be prevented. A. special meeting of Presbytery was l held in the classroom of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church on Tuesday, April 15. There were present the Bey. J. F. Hender*—n (Moderator), Messrs. Lyall, Macbean, Ang is, and Paton (Ministers), and Messrs. Matthew and Murray (Elders). The meeting was consti tuted by prayer. The call from the congrega tion of Port Adelaide to the Bey. John Hall Angus, of Mount Pleasant, was proceeded with, j There were laid upon tbe table and read I various reasons in support of tbe call. Messrs. Matthew, McGuinness, McColl, and Croy ap peared as Commissioners from the Port congre- , gation, and urged its claims as a wider field of labor, and on account of its present necessitous condition. Messrs. Murray, Maxwell, and J. F. Miller appeared as Con__—none—i from the congregation of Mount Pleasant, and repre sented the unanimous and strong desire of the people tbat Mr. Angus should remain among them, and their fear that his removal would be prejudicial to the interests ef tiie congregation. Mr. Angus on being called on for bis decision stated that be had given long and earnest eonsideratisn te the call; that bis interest in the Mount Pleasant ] congregation waa strong and tender, but that i considering that Port Adelaide presented a field ' for more extended usefulness, and would afford I him opportunity for intellectual and spiritual stimulus, he considered it to be bis duty to accept the call from that congregation. After the various members bad expressed their sym pathy witb the Mount Pleasant congregation in tbe loss they bad sustained, and their earnest desire for Mr. Angus's comfort and prosperity at Port Adelaide, the Moderator engaged in prayer, commending both congregations to the I blessuig of the Great Head of the Church, and then declared the pastoral tie between Mr. j Angus and the Mount Pleasant congregation dissolved, fie was appointed to declare the Church vacant on Sunday, April 27, and Mr. Lyall was appointed Moderator of the session during the vacancy. Mr. Murray expressed the warm friendship of the people gen—rally for Mr. Angus, and their hopes that he might be com fortable and useful in his new sphere. It was arranged that the induction services should take place on Monday, May 19; that the Mode rate! preside and address the minister; and that the Bey. Messrs. M. Macdooaid and A. McVean, who are expected to be then present as a depu tation from the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, be requested to take part in tbe services. The annual public meeting of Presbytery was ap pointed to be held in St. Andrew's Church, and tbe Committee to whom the arrangements had been entrusted were empowered to add to their number. The meeting was closed with prayer. A testimonial is to be presented to Dr. B. Peel to-morrow afternoon at the York Hotel prior to his departure for England. A. meeting of the Retail Diapers' Assis tant-Association will be held at tbe Prince , Alfred Hotel-lis evening. The sale of the Grand Stand and booths for tbe forthcoming Newmarket Kace Meeting | takes place to-night at the Globe Hot-. The Gospel of the Kingdom for April has been published. It contains an illustration having reference to Profess—: Smyth's theory as to the Great Pyramid. We have received the Handbook of the Melbourne Steamship Company for 137.. It is a neatly got up little volume, and contains much useful information. Amongst the an nouncements we notice tbat tbe steamers of the coup—ay are to leave Melbourne twice every week for Adelaide. We have received No. 0 of " Coo-e-e," an illustrated shorthand magazine, published in Melbourne by Mr. B. D. Christie. The lithography of tbe phonographic characters is good, and the illustrations evidenoe an improve ment on what has been seen in previous issues. The matter, which is only readable of course to those who understand shorthand, is interesting and racy. A number of yearling, from Mr. W. Gerrard . stud farm at Rapid Bay are to be sold at auction tbis afternoon by Messrs. G. k U. Bennett, at Messrs. Formby _ Boaae . Bs-air. Banter, tbe winner of tbe Adelaide Cup at Morpbetville on Tuesday, will also be submitted for public competition. We understand tbat a Variety and Opera Bcuffie Company intend shortly to visit the South- B—item townships, including Strath-byn and Port Victor. The company comprises several artistes of note who have lately arrived from London, and also Mr. T. Wilkins, t_s corn at soloist, whose performances have already been noticed in these columns. The fixing for battalion prizes in connec tion with the Volunteer Force took place at the Dry Creek Bange on Tuesday, April 15. There were about 40 competitors, and aome splendid shooting was exhibited. Morcom won the first prize of £50; Staines the second, £30; and Kleman the third, £25. The firing was, we are informed, of a most interesting nature, but we are not yet in possession of all die details. __c teachers and scholars attending the Franklin-street Wesleyam Sunday-school held their annual picnic on Easter Monday. Several of Hill & Co.'s busses were engaged for the oc casion, and conveyed tbe holiday-seekers, who numbered about 300, to Torrens Park, which was kindly placed at tbeir disposal by Mr. B. Barr Smith. After having enjoyed a thoroughly pleasant day, which passed off without the least accident, they returned to the city at about 6 o'clock. "The Tickets-Leave Mau" was re peated at the Theatre Boyal oa Tuesday even ing. There was a capital attendance, every part of tbe house being filled. The cast was the same aa on the previous representation, aud the piece was received with loud demonstrations of approval. During an interval in the perfor mance Miss Ada Ward presented John Kildaff, the jockey who rode the Cup winner in that day's races, witb a silver-mounted whip and pair of spurs, and also with a silver cup, the gift of Mr. H. Steiner. Tbe presentation was gracefully made and appropriately acknow ledged. To-night "Lost ia London" is to be played. An entertainment consisting of songs and recitations was given in the Baptist School room, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, to com memorate tbe founding of a branch Lodge of Good Templars. The entertainment was opened by Miss Wiiiwood, who played a selection on the piano. The principal vocalists were the Misses Witiwood. Stephens, and Cook, aud Messrs. Smart, McGregor, Towney, and Potter. Miss Stephens* song," Is there room among the Angels ?** was the gem of the evening, but Ur. McGregor's comic BOng,**_.oe_ and bis Animali,** was the most appreciated. Some of the members'of tbe Peace and Progress Juven-le Lodge of Good Templars, of Goodwood, aiso took part iv the entertainment. Mr. W. B. Stevens, G.W.C.T., occupied the chair. The second day of the S.A.J.C. Autumn Races furnished a surprise iv the victory of Banter in the Adelaide dp, he beating Timothy, Warlock, Jarto, aad six other competit .rs. Jarto gained second place, Timothy third, and Warlock fourth. The Maidens was won by First Water, Brenda second ; the Ste*plecha«e by Selector, Light wood second; the Free Handicap by Mercury, First Water second; and tbe Corinthian Cup by Warlock, all of wbich, witb tbe exception of tbe Cap winner, were placed as named by our sporting repre sentative in yesterday's issue of tbis j -nirnal. There were about 3,000 persons present, and His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois were amongst the number. It is estimated tbat the Club wUI sustain a loss of £500 by the meeting. The settling for tbe first meeting of the Great Northern Kactng Club took place at the Booyoolee Hotel, on Thursday evening, April 10. There was not a large attendance, probably oaring to tbe fact of the short notioe given. The President of tbe Club, Mr. A. S. Murray, J. 1"., read tbe following list of prize*, cheques for which were drawn :—Flying Handicap—Sir T. Elder's Ixaak Walton. £98; Mr. B. T. Raid's Pride of the Vale. £4. Sapling Stakes—Mr. McDonald's Pawnbroker, £s0: Mr. B. T. Beid's Tolarno, £4. Great Northern Bacing Club Handicap—Sir T. Bid-*. Ada, £423; Mr. Crazier. Banter, £25; Mr. K. B. Smith's Vulcan, £15. Handicap Hurdles—Mr. B. 11\. Smith's Vulcan, £<?5; Mr. S. Ferry's Barrister, £3. All-Aged Stakes—Mr. Savill's Wandering Jew, £121; Mr. B. T BeidV Pride of tbe Vale,£(i. Hacks—Mr.Hamilton-Swag man. £15. Maid.-na—Mr. McDonald's Pawn broker, £96; Mr. Beid's Tolarno. £1. Town Plate—Mr. Savill's Don Carlos, £15. Steeple chase—Mr. Aiken's Selector, £2.4 ; Mr.Morris's IjaAj Ashbourne, £10. Areas Handicap—Mr. Crosier. Banter, £137; Mr. Crosier, ju_.'s Thane. £5. Selling Flat Kace—Mr. Chill. Vain Hope, £02 ; Mr. Culliuau's Young Buck, £3. Forced Handicap—Mr. .roller's Banter. £44. Total amount of stakes, £1,5... The liabilities amounted to about £i,200. Tbis, the Chairman stated, was satisfactory, when it was considered that it was their first meeting, and that the season had been so bad. However, at their next meeting, and with the probability of a better season, they might be in a more favor able position, " Success to Baciug" was druulc; and after the health of the Patron (His Excel lency the Governor) had been duly honored, several other toast* were given, and a pleasant evening was spent. There waa a lar^e attendance at While's Booms on Tuesday evening, when Professor and Mrs. Baldwiu repeated their clever "spirit—ilistic" performances. The great d.-._ terity with wbich tbe Professor and bis Wife slipped out of all tbe bonds which were p.aved on them by the members uf the Committee excited unbounded astonishment among tbe spectators, who frequently gave expression to their bewilderment by loud applause. The materialization seance, during the course of wbicb faces appeared at tbe openings in the cabinet, and a form finally stepped out on to tbe stage, was an exceedingly skilful piece of trickery. Much amusement was caused by the cry of recognition which escaped from a youngster when the face of an old man was shown. Tne Professor jocularly remarked tbat the lad ought to feel very proud at having the honor of seeing and speaking to a ghost. During tbe course of the entertainment Mr. Baldwin referred to the letter wbich appeared in Tuesday's Advertiser signed " G iqx's Baby." The signature was said to be highly appropriate, as tbe letter was certainly a most childish pro duction. In answer to the statement that the Professor places a few thousand miles between himself and tbe medium, he pretends to expose, Mr. Baldwin gave an emphatic denial. While in Melbourne be bad fre quently challenged Dr. Blade to give auy exhibitions of his "physic power" wbich be (tbe Professor) was unable to reproduce; but tbe offer was persistently ignored, although he placed large sums in the Bank ready to be pocketed by Dr. Slade if be could show any manifestations that could not be repeated by tbe " exposer of spiritualism." Professor Bald win said he even went to the extent of giving Dr. Slade an opportunity to sue him far libel, but all without effect. The Melbourne papers had therefore justly characterised the medium as not only an impostor but a coward. Professor Baldwin further stated that when in America be tried nnavail—igly to get a seance with the Eddie Brothers when he told them bis true same, and it was only by adopting a false one tbat be managed to get into their house; but on once obtaining admission he soon found out how all their so-called spiritual manifesta tions were performed. To-night tbe entertain ment of Professor Baldwin and bis wife will be repeated. 