COURSING. DUNDAS CUP AND WAKBAYUEE PLATE. At an early hour on Tuesday, lovers of cours ing could be seen rattling along the Dunkeld road towards the Watrayure estate, there to witness the running for the Dundas Cup and Warrayure Plate, under the auspices of the Western District Courting Club. The morning succeeded a nigllt of frost, and the road fairly glistened again with diamond-like particles of ice. The air throughout the day was cold and bracing, Old Sol making brilliant but compara tively futile attempts to increase the tempera- tare, and this led many of the ladies and gentle men present to improve their health by taking wal king exercise. The attendance was decidedly good, the fair sex being well and worthily re presented, aud tho able assistance afforded by some of the graceful equestriennes in beating was much appreciated by the field stewards. These gentlemen worked with a will, really good discipline was kept, and comparatively few hares got away uncoursed. Owing to the non-arrival of the steed intended for the judge, to whom au enthusiastic courser lent a grand nag, pro ceedings did not commence until nearly ten o'clock. As however, a hare was so-hoed immediately afterwards, great expectations were raised about the abundance of game, it being confidently anticipated that but little work would be left for the morrow. As the day wore on, however, it was found that the hares must either be lying very close indeed or be far away. This was especially noticeable in tbe home paddock where they have been known to abound, and which the genial owner of the estate does Ins best to keep free from trespassers in order that good sport may be secured for the club. Although, however, not so plentiful, tbe hares with three exceptions, strengthened doubtless by the welcome supply of young grass, were too good for the dogs and nearly every course was a pipe -opener. At the usual hour " halt !" was called for luncheon. This was held among the trees near the homestead and the green grass, dotted with broadlyspread damasks, tbe good things of this life, and merry parties, the horses being tethered here and there around presented a tout ensemble that would iiave made a pleating subject for an artist to depict on canvas. As usual the gathering around the banquet spread for the delectation of all comers by tlie Hon. T. Bromell and his good lady, was a large one, and the hearty welcome accorded was as much appreciated as the many delicacies not even excepting the Devonshire cream. Among the dogs were some really first-class performers, notably Leura — a full sister to the celebrated Lupin. In her first course with Ladj| Clinton, this representative of Mr. Dennis'' worked the hare in the artistic manner for which Lupin is so noted. Like most Wellingtons, she is not gifted with rare speed, but when she did get in, she never left the scut of her hare, and as the course was in full view of the spectators — the hare leading the dogs a merry dance through the crowd — it was worth going many miles to see. Lady Clinton showed good speed, and led up, but, good as she undoubtedly is, slie never afterwards had a clniucc with Leura. Mr. For syth's Norna also showed herself to be a grand greyhound, and at one time it was even thought she would beat Leura. Tiger never ran better in his life than iu his first course ; it was indeed " Tiger all the way." In his second attempt he was rej>orted to have shown just a little too much knowledge, but this certainly was not ap parent to the spectators. Wannon Jessie also sustained her well-deserved reputation, notwith standing a broken toe or two, or very sore feet. On the other hand, dogs from which much was expected, cut up very badly, notably South Hamilton, Beauty and Sailor; nor did Star, said to be a very quiric traveller, show to much advantage. Altogether, fifteen courses were satisfactorily derided, and it was pleasant to know that every verdict £iyen bv the judge met with the approval o'f 'wihners and losers alike. As for tbe slipper — Diok Banner — he was as skilful as ever. In fact, he showed himself to be a perfect wonder, as, having missed the through train, he could only get as far as Ararat on Monday evening, and had to drive across during the bitterly cold night. Although he had not had a wink of 6leep he was as fresh as a lark in the morning, and went through his work until night-fall as actively as though no mishap had occurred. Too' much credit cannot be given to Mr. W. R. Skene, the flag- steward, for the promptitude displayed iu making the derisions known. A meqd of prais is as oertaiuly owing to Mr. J. Thomson, the slip-steward ; in fact, all tihe stewards, only one being absent, did their level best to deserve success, and gained it. Below we give a brief description of the running:— DUNDAS CUP. First Bound. — "Wannon Gelert led up, turned, and placed "VVhifiier for a few wrenches. Some good work followed' with' a ffodginghare, of which Wannon Geltit did'the greatest sliare, wheij both dogs were unsighted by puss getting into some long grass. Star raced away from the slips, but Victor was the first to reach the hare aud subsequently had all the best of along and, towards the close, dodging course, in which the hare was fairly run to a standstill and gave up tlie ghost. Tiger led by favour, afterwards showed himself to be too fast for Flying Doe, and won eatily. Briseis led up aud liad all the best of another pip'e-opener, a portion of which was ran through the crowd, the Hare subse quently escaping through a wire fence, Beauty literally being nowhere. Leura and Lady Clinton treated the spectators to a splendid display qf canine speed an<| tidlL It was indeed a capital set-to, at fiiht several exciting changes took place, then as they were racing through the crowd Leura took possession, never left tbe scut of her hare, and liad won brilliantly when the pursued disappeared in the distance, both dogs losing tight of their intended quarry. Her ladyship was the first to view again and fol lowed on, but the scoring remained unaltered. Noma most decidedly and promptly settled auy pretensions South Hamilton might pre viously havpqsscssd. qnd had well won when the hare sought refbge in iir. (Taioerois garffeo. Contrary to expectation 'Tom 'Fool led Sir Arthur upto the hare, and as tliey disappeared over the brow of a hill was seen 'to have all the Nat of it, Subsequent-, however, Sir Arthur diff son .good, rattltag work, aud in a give- and-take CQijrse won by two polqts. finon Jessie knocked about her hare for a few brilliant points when Sailor "took a turn at the wheel," only, however, to be quickly displaced, as Mr. Jackson's pet came again with a rush arid had won easily when the hare escaped. Fibs Ties.— To a very long slip "Wannon Gelert led up, did some good work, allowed Victor to score a point or two, and then came again and won with ease. Briseis XL, led Tiger, but tbe latter was not to be denied, and in a good give-and-take course won onlv however; by a point or two. Noma and Leura were then placed in the slips, and for a long time a hare could not be discovered. Indeed fears began to be entertained that it would be neces sary to try one of tbe sm&Uer; paddocks, which it was thought would reduce Leura's cf winning, Noma being looked upon asthe fastest. The final trial, however, wns made, a hare was sighted, and away went the two cracks. Norna led up, and was soon very busy, several exchanges followed, tile dogs, at times, running so evenly, as to look like one, and eventually Leura took the management under her entire control, and won a really grand and exciting course. Wannon Jessie apparently did whatever she liked with Sir Arthur. WARRAYURE PLATE. Fihst Round. — Whiffler had all the best of it at first and last, Star only securing n few points ' during the middle of the course. Flying Doe had all her course to herself, the Modest beauty not venturing to dispute her .supremacy. $outh Hamilton gained a few points a+ +u„ .l I ffid not afterwards esert bi 8 or "f 7 STg place aux aiwa r"®" 8 the utmost latitude. ing a dog irill doubtless be al, 8 Hamilton on easy tenna. Tn. Sotltt enquire of Mn Walters. Sailor S'4' 8 away from Tom Fool, and won easily 1411 8 hare escaped into the garden tho I terminated for the day, and a drijfS8 B bright moonlight succeeded. mt it H The following were the results I THE DUNDAS CUP 8 Fibst Round. Mr. IL B. Jackson's bk w d Wannnn c , I beat Mr. A. Dennis's r w d Whilfler H Mr. A. Dennis, junr.'s f w d 8 Messrs. Skene's be w b Star. hat H Mr. G. Young's bd w d Tiger beat B H Bromell s r w b Flying Doe. on- 1 H Mr. J. Quiney ns rb Briseis Tr v W. J. Austin's bk b Beauty. 4 Mt Mr. A. Dennis's f w b Leura best ir 1 H Bromcll's w b Lady Clinton. Hon. X. ' Mr. Forsyth's f b Noma beat Mr D U'r „ H ns bk v d South Hamilton. ' -itt Messrs. Skene's bd w d Sir ArfWi H Thomson's bkwd Tom FooL tetSfcL H Mr. H. B. Jackson's bk w b IVm. t H beat Mr. J. Caple's r w d Sailor. ' B First Tras. ' Wannon Gelert beat Victor H Tiger beat Briseis Hi H Leura beat Noma Wannon Jessie beat Sir Arthut B WARRAYURE PLATE. B First Round. Mr. A. Dennis's r w d Whiffler beat ir H Skene's be w b Star. Mat B Hon. T. Rromell's r wb Flvitir rw. s... , H W. J. Austin's bk b Beanty. B Hon. T. Bromell's w b Lady Clint-, v H D. M'Lellan ns bk w d South Hamilton! I Mr. John Caple s r w d Sailor beat XL r , Thomson's bk w d Tom FooL SECOND DAY. B The attendance was not nearly so nnmn. on the preceding day, the morning beinr " B and cold, although pleasant. Contrn t- ; pectation, hares at Strathkellar proved ,!. monly scsuee and a move had to be madeS home paddock, to run off the fewi.TJr H courses. The following were the B DUNDAS CUP. 8 Second Ties. Wannon Gelert beat Tiger Leura beat Wannon Jessie. Aii ruj VAJUUA&. Wannon Gelert beat Leura, and won the Can. H Wannon Gelert and Tiger were first pkJ I B Hie Hips, Tiger going a little atffl. T" H Gelert - put in some smart work below ti could pull himself together; the latter S? H menced to score, but XVannon Gelert can. i? H and took charge of the hare, winning the time tbe game took to the tussocks, i and Wannon Jessie had a merry spin. thplS H taking the early work, when Leura succeeWk H placing the majority of points to herSSSf H the hare escaped. In the deciding conne Lm H only scored a point or two, and Vannot GiS B had ft pretty well his own way, finishing H WARRAYURE PLATE B First Ties. Whiffler beat Flying Doe Lady Clinton beat Sailor. Final Course. Whiffler beat Lady- Clinton, and wosib IB Plate. BH For the Warrayure Plate, Whiffler led rhfr |1 Doe, and put some points to his credit, pfi IS the Doe in a position she was not able to 3 M tain ; eventually Whiffler came with a rash mi IS picked the hare up. Sailor scored all theaib points against Lady Clinton, when herhdislB B was not to be denied, and won the conreeVfi i In the final event Whiffler led Lady CUntum B turned, and scored freely, after which her lX B ship took charge, but not being able to keep ft. position, Wlnffler raced past her and Jolted/ BS The meeting was brought to a comhiijj S9 about 2 p.nL, and as on the previous day B everything passed off satisfactorily and withiM Bl a hitch. 