A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. dcjjbo despatch, 4T1C JIT.t.1 A man named James Montgomery, on BaH for horsestealing, who was being escorted toy> Coomtble by Constable Brown, of Curtail, was shot on 1st July whilst attempting to escape. "When about two miles from Coo- namble lu» tried tn indnuM t)»». /iiTicf-ilil.. v» promise not to give certain evidence ngaimrt him, and on Brown refusing the prisoner sud denly struck hi in twice oil the back of the neck with n stick, paying, "Then take that, you Brown, who was taken unwares, wati stunned for a moment by the unlooked»far attack — so much so that lie nearly fell out of his saddle. A? soon as Montgomery hud struck Brown he galloped into the scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his eon- sciousue?, and saw about ISO yards off pri soner anil his horse on the "ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it ap peared afterwards, had, while galloping, pict his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner in th:« plight, rushed up to him, and, covering liim with his revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries, the prose cutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, and was next told by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with th revolver) to put the 'handcuffs ou Montgomery. As soon as the prisoner heard the purport of the order, he swore he would not allow himself to be handcuffed, aud that lie would kill the pair of them if they at tempted to do bo. Hmnpltries naturally wis? frightened to approach hnn, as he fully be lieved prisoner, being then, a desperate man, would attempt to carry his violent tlrreats into execution. Noticing Hump3zries's indecision, Montgomery turned to Brown and said, " Let me get on the horse and I'll go quietly wfHJi you to Coouamble. I came with you quietly all day, and I'll go the ret uf the way with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on." Brown replied, " get on your horse, and give mu none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or 121 shoot you." Piirfouer then mounted his horse. Brown returned his revolver to liis bolster,' and, as he did so, Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Castletreagh. The trouper (who had tho handcuffs in his hands) threw thcrn at the escaping prisoner, hut missed hiui. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, 44 Catch ine now, you , if you can. Brown drew hij revolver and went iu pursuit, calling on prisoner to stand or ho would certainly shoot him. Tho escapee took, no notico, fh-yond turning rotmd in his Buddie and laughing at the policeman. Browb, now thinkirgto intimidate Montgomery— tostiow; him that his threats Wert; not eiripty ,oiies" \--fired two shots over his. head; but flbey had no t-hect on the priicner,' who- con-' tirrued ntti! to gallop away. Ho went do'vyi' - the bank of the Castloreagh, followed ! by Brown. The trooper s horse here'' 1 ran him ainst a tree and knocked him ont of the saddle. Brown jumped to liis .fee: immediately , and again called on the pri soner to stand, but no notice was taken of the | order. The policeman then; aeeinrr m j man was likely to escape, took deliberate! aim and tired. Montgomery sang out, 44 Ob Holy Ghost, you s'nfit me," butho did noi seem to the taooper as if he had bei staSt." Brown now mounted his horse, aq s'fint ed the pursuit, railing on tho ak'" " ,( I\ ga»n fe>its-ttwr'li& jF UTontgomety, however, xnvs not to be.hitimf- -jf? dated — he continued hip« course, Mi.ging out A4jg | tho shot was fired — That a two, now catcb mc, you wretch, if vou can? ' Brown, findui there wax no possibility of overtaking lum, second time took aim, and fired. Mont gomcrv, ns he did so, veiled out, 41 That s three," pulled up bis borao and «ia- J mounted. Brown rode up to hinto and, not thinking ho was hit — op» "J the dusk it was impossible to see if hi£ shotf had tjcen effect— he again called upon him W Burrefter, aud Montgomery said, lye, enough, — you have shot me three tin|p.LViI-«» killed— I'm killed 1" JTe then stepped aK - pace from his horse, and fell backwards the bank. Tlie constable got off his hoiv lifted the man's head up the bank of stream, cot some water, bathed his face, ftn4 told Humphries (who alxiut this time rojoineil him) to ride iu hastily to Coonamble for £ doctor and a spring cart, as he believed pawner was dying. Humphries went, as desired, and Montgomery, who never spoke again, con- j tinned to breathe for about ten minutes, ana then expired. At the inquest held the jvuy xv- J turned a verdict of justifiable homicide. A 