agricultural reform. to tax xditob or thx aubtralasian. Sir,—I have been shown a rather peculiar circular, issued by the Victoria Agricultural Society, calling a meeting of the representa tives or kindred societies, at Heckin's Hotel, on the 6th February, to ascertain their opinion as to the desirability of forming a National Agricultural Reform Association. There is not a word in the.circular as to the nature of the reform to be undertaken by the proposed association, nothing is known of the objects sought titer; all tne information furnished iB that a mfeeting is to be held, and an opinion taken as to, the desirability, of forming an Agricultural Reform Association. Is the reform "sought for to- be a reform of agriculture in Victoria? In that case the kindred societies can scarcely look upon the circular as complimentary to them, for it may be naturally assumed that nothing, or almost . nothing, for the advancement of agnculture is being done by the numerous societies through out the country, if the formation of a reform association is considered necessary. Any one competent to judge visiting the annual shows of the National Agricultural Society, the Smeaton, Kyneton, West Bourke, and other leading societies, would be under the impres sion that an immense deal of good was being done by them in their several districts. There fore, how the small society which is located at Heidelberg should suddenly have become enlightened as to the necessity of agricultural reform strikes one as rather odd. There is a whisper about that the meeting is called for a political purpose—that the various agricultural societies are to be taught that tney do not possess their fair share of politi cal influence, and that they should agitate to be represented in Parliament. If they can only be brought to see the matter in this light, I venture to prophesy that a very efficient representative will be forth coming, who will gladly devote to his adopted country, and agricultural reform in particular, that energy which at present is wasted in constructing paste and Bcissors lectures on agricultural matters and personal attacks on those Government officials who stand in the way of his occupy ing a good billet For some months past these attacks have been cropping up in various ways, but always directed by the same hand, and always delivered when there is not the slightest chance that the pesson attacked wilT be present to reply to the charges brought forward. The selection of Hockin's Hotel as the place in which to found a reform association is not a happy one. One reform society has lately given up the ghost in that establishment, ana left not a good odour behind it. If, as I suspect, this new association is to be merely the means of finding a seat in Parliament for a would-be politician, I trust the leading agricultural societies will at once refuse to have anything to do with it. Any practical scheme for the im provement of agriculture will, I doubt not, be eagerly welcomed by the delegates, but what a new society could do more than is being done, and done well, by the present societies I fail to see. —Yours, &c.;, Melbourne, Jan. 27. AUSTRAL. 