':.N THEu INCONVENIENCES OF A GOOD APPETITE. " (,ro the Mouthly Magazine.) I Nsov a bad state of healtll. Cavil not at the phrase, gentle reader, for though mis applied and erroneous in a thousand in stances, it is tile phrase and the only one , expressive of my condition. Not that I am an invalid, who find my sole delighlt in the mysteries of the Pharinnacopcian SWhose face is pallid, nnd whose pulse is slow. Not I indeed, for I enjoy a vigorous consti tution and an appetite of liberal elasticity. * But this last, which bilious and dyspeptic thonsands would regard as a blessing, has beon to me a curse and made ime bankrupt alico in present lhappincess and futuro hopes. But to my story. I am the soni of a toler ably wealthy farmer ii - shire; a farmer of the old school, who, priding himself on h: is hospitality, delights to see his table . groan with provision, and scores of good humoured faces arouind it cheered by his cheer. I aim the youngest of tliirteen chil dren, each of whom is distinguishled for concentrating withinl himself some remark able resemblance to their commonn parent. My eldest brother has his fitther's niose to a nicety. My sister Louisa his fall and pleas ant blue eyes. I resemble him iin nothing but his remarkably good appetite. But tlhen Iam the thlirteonth chlill, and alss! tlhirteen is an inlucky number. I cut my teeth at a very early age; nand during my first years manifested so astonislh ing a power of using them that I have since oftentimes snspected that economical consi derations were mixed upl with the anxiety evinced by my parents tlhat I should at the age of eight yelrs be placed iunder tile fos tering care of MIr. Wlhippington, who swas deemed the most learned pundit and peda gogue in the wvhole counetry, uand in whose establishlment, owing to the extraordinary combination which hlie had made of comfort :.. and economy, young gentlemen were taken .. in and done for, all for thlle small charge of forty guineas per year. To Digamna 1louse I was accordiingly despatched one ftine spring morning, tihe pangs of separation fromn the hlome cf my lchillllood being sweetened by the present of a plum-crake of the most ample diien- e c ' sions. :. The first year I passed very quietly at .WThippipngton's. Thie boys certainly said I litad "it pretty twist; " uld some, who were more sellled in the classics that in polite :ness, nicknamed me Tcmpus, because I was, "' as they said, edax rerum. But after being Sthrashed by three who were bigger iand thrashing four who were less than myself, I ,contrivedl for a while to pass my diays in tol 'elrableo happiness. But time passed on; with it my years \- increasbed anlnd so did my appetite. Whlip :":'iington wis bored by my board, for as he said punningly, "I ate a great deal; " and deterneiining to dislodge me, halving first tisceirtahieid by a long series of calculations :;---for he vas a.profound mathematician that, after dedlucting from the sum lie re ceived on my account the prime cost of S' the food ilhichl I coensumed, there remained, per quarter, tie munificent sum of i/7- for lodging and learening. : . To get rid of me without giving offeince to my parents required some nliusgeinent; but Whippington succeeded ladmirably, anid I believe niy fiether tool; me Isome undelr the vasme impressionl tlhat Whlippingtn : parted from me because I was a second Crilchton, instead of a moldern Maxsimian. " His Jonathan any talents ? " said my fiether in a tone which stuficiently intimated his hopes of a feevourable answer. S" Wonderful, sir, wonderful-in hIis way." "Does hle get on well with his gram mar? " "With his Eton grammar prodigiously." " Can he decline a verb, sir ? " "Decline, sir I he'll decline anythling in the schoolroom, but notlhing at the dinner table "-the Inst part was given sotto ,soce, but reached my conscious ears. "Has hlie a thirst for knowledge, sir ? " " Thirst, sir -that hlie Ihas--iand such an appetite !" Hero termninated the colloquy. My father was delighted, so was Whippington, and so was I. I was now destined to pass some years at home-leading ai sort of half idle life, rambling over tihe grounds to get an aple tite, anld returning to the homestead to allay it; until my father cousidered tlhat, as my style of living was somewhat esxpensive, it was but righlt I should do something towards earning it. Accordingly I was one morn iug summoned into the back parlour to hold a parley with my pa oni the subject of my future prospects. Well do i remember the commencement of that very serious conver sation. " Sir," said my sire, blowing his nose and wipinig his spectacles-" sir, I have been thlinking"- " Now as the old gentleman was by ino means addicted to that practice, I felt cer Stain a storm was brewing. : :" Sir," said he agaun, " I have been thinkiug." I acknowledged by a bow my belief of his lhavinlg pIerformed that act of aistra'ction, and hle then proceeded to say that I was blest with good health ande appetite (tflit last word cost us botlh ai sigh, -for he lhad of late frequenitly hinted at hIis discovery of the real cause of Wlhippington's resignation of me), and ought to carn my bread. I must work isrill, thought I, to do that. "Haveo you tlhought of a profession, Jonatlhan ? " (1 shoolk my ihead paren thetically.) " Mr. Prateapace hlinted to ime the other day tlhatt if I slhould like to place you in a sitllatioin Inder government ]ie could procire me one for you in tlhe customs." " Sir, all must dependl upon the celnolu ment," was the reply; for a place under government I dlid not iimagine to bie quite suited to a mian of extenIsive appetite and incomoeillsurlate nucauls. "Sixty pounds a year to begin witllh," said my father. "It won't find im bread," said I. "Beo sides, I don't like MIr. Prateapace, and I would not accept a fiavour firom a mlan who advocates iannmal lparliamlcits." ." IHoity, toity ! what are your objections to annumal parliaments ? " "Sir, ull ideas of short commons are re pllsive to nme." The jokle had its elckt. My fltllhor shifted his tack, talked of Nelson, iand pro-s posed the navy. I objected. As I did not vohinteer to enter the service I was pressedm to state the ground of my rofelal. "I should disgrace myself." "Sirl" said my father in a voice of thunder, "would you flinch in tihe battle ?" "No, sir; I don't think I should. At least not till I had got a bellyfull. But if the ship at any time ran short of provisions and the crew were put under stoppages, I slhouldil be the first to flinch from my duty andil give up - " "Your post, sir ? " " No, s;r, give up the ghost, sir ? " My father found himself at sea, and made signals that I should choose a pro fession for myself. " I should prefer the law, sir." "La, sir," said my sire. " Yes, sir, the lawv, because thle study is so pleasant and one has only to eat one's terms." lIe objected that the lawyer who had only eent his terms never got much to eat afterwards. This I denied, inasmuch as I had heard thaflint in all great cases the clients fee'd tlhe lawyers lhandsomely. "Pish," said my father, " if you cain't talk ,eriously, we had bietter not talk at all. But go to the law, and to the devil if you like." " Just as you please, sir: they say they are mulch the slame thling." To the law however I turned; 1but had not been many weeks in town when my materinal uncle, and godfather by proxy, General Jonathan Biseskiin, arrived from India with mlines of wealth, scores of ser vints, a liver the worse for wear, and, to borrow an expressive lphlrase, " a strong ten complexion, black and greein nsixed." An introductory letter frols my fathler (enclosed in one in which were conveyed special directions how this castern Plotuis was to be worslhipped plallced me on his visiting list. I was nlext promoted to his diniier list; and I hoped by my delicate aittentions to secure a lllace in his will. Hi-s will therefore was my law, anid alt lenigthl I lhad so far ingratiated myself into his favour, by ai diligent stusdy of the Asialtic Joirnall iand East India Register, as to be looked iupon as the future depositary of his immuense wealth ; nay, miore, to be acknow ledged as such by hlimself. But alas! how tlecting are our hlopes. Hoow many slips there are betwixt the cup andl the lip, bietwixt the plate and thle palate. MIy snclel kept a table where a prince might dine. Hle was tile best of cooks. 7He imported for hIis own use the clhoicest deli cacies, and I, who am like Wolsey, " a man of ian unbounded stomach," was for a short time a happy man. hut a chinige came o'er thle splirit of smy ldream, my uncle gradeally cooled towards me. I was no longer "dear Jonathian, dear godsoni." Towards me Yameni's visage grew blanketir anlld blnkcr, till at last I was very politely forbidden his house. I bribed a teapot-colored domestic to acquaint me with the reason of this cruel treatmenit, uand found tlit my bilious uncle and dyspeptic godfathler, G(eneral Jonatlhan Blluesein, had disinlierited me " 'cause the hlog ate with an alppetite ! "--curse on my greedy maw I The shloclk was so great that althoughl for a week afterwards I ate scarcely any sup pers, no lulchleon, made bnt indifferent brealkfaists, and at dinier never tasted a moutlhful of meat, notliing in fiaet but fish, soup, poultry, and puddling. I was seized witlh a tit of indigestion, and compelled to tahe IC trip into thile country to recrnit my spirits and lippetite. This country cxeursionl forms ani impor tant chalpter in my life, for it contaiis my only love affair. Before I left my father's, Ellen Meadows and I ihad, to use a country llphrase, made faices at one anotlher. She was the subject of my first love, and re turned my passion. Her fiather wais weaIlthy anl wishled a richer son-in-law tlhan I tlien could ever Ilope to be. While in the sun shine of my iuncl's fieor I had however written to Ellen. My flowing epistle was answered affectionately. Her fiathler then sawn that my 1passion was disinterested, and therefore sanctioned my aiddresses. When, therefore, I was discarded by my uncle, it was to Ellen tllhat I flew for consolation. It was night when I arrived a t old Meadows'. Supper was laid when II entered, and I confess that I felt dis appoinited that it did not present me with the lecans of making my eveninig meal as shearty as my welcome. In short I maide the unplcasant discovery that I was about to form ani alliance with a family who were ver- mnodcrate caters. int if provisions were scant, good-will was ablunldant. I received great kindnesses, but somewhllat attenualted meails. Ellen lwas all love, while I Was all for love, 1and a little for msy stonmach. To use a lhomely plhralse, my visit was spoiled by miy receiving all kisses and no bread aud clheese. Iu the latter case it commenced inauspiciously. Ahls l it ended no less so. One evening, one faitil evening, Ellen and I started for onr nsual stroll. Tie weather was most enticing, and seduced by its beauty and lost in swoeet converse and aumicable discussions upon our fiuture orrangenlensts, we unconsciously strayed falrtler from homle tlshan we intelded,.iand it was only tile rapidly laiproaching twilight whliclh eallcld our atteution from the swee\ t subject of our thoughts. To remedy our error we determined uil pon returnini g hlome Iby more direct but less falniliar pil.t. 'The collssequellce was we nlissed olur way, and didi not reach tile house witlhoutt great dillicilty, alnd then niot until tlhe sulller-tr-ay had bIeen removed andi the filunily had become allrmdil at our absence. Our arrival however quieted all fealrs, anud we lhaId to pay the picelalty of our care lessiess by being miade the butts aLt whichl thle whlole fistily aimedil their .jokles. Elleni was disconcertedl by these sporti'e missiles of the llbrain aind declineld sappier. AsI was in love (ailtloiughl senltiment of aIny kind aIh'ILys siaIrpens my appetite) I felt bouind to follow tihe line of conduct marked out for ume by my inannlorata, and therefore, ailthoughl as hungry as a hunlter, I plealded fittigue aind said "ino sulpler, thankee." It was the first time I ever did so, andl dependl upon10 it, it sliill be the last. Well does tile Ipoet exclaim " l ise n-rslw 't (efil c're ]j·-qi lIas," and wcll dlid lie understansd hiu author who translated this splendid passage -"Without bread and cheese and celery \einus an't worth I figi." At lengthl the hlour for retiring arrived. I witlhdrew to my chamber, jumped des perately ilto bed, but niot, alas ! to rest. Fatigue bade me sleep. I dozed and dreamed, and my dreams reflected my waking thoughts and wishes: Hog!lseads of honey, kiilderkins of mustard Muttons Iand fatted beeves and bacon swine!l Herons and bitterns, peacock, swan, and bustard, Teal, mallard, pigeaons, widgeons, and, in tine, Plum-puddings, pancakes, applc-pies, and custard. floated before me in ideal banquets, whlich I was prevented from participating in by awakening iat the very lmolnmcnt when a well-filled plate was placed beficore me. The gnawing sensationl at my stonmach at last got so annoying that I determined the cravings of nature should ibe satisfied; and thslt hunger, which it is said can break through stone waall should bIreak through the stone walls of etiquette and pro pIriety, and tllat I would find out the larder and satisfy my desire for food. This resolultion once made, I pantced for the pantry, and cautiously and stealthily did I wenld my way thither, gunided by tihe ligh~t of a bright Isarvest moon. I reached it itn safety, and was already in anticipation revellitng in its savoury stores whent thle lould bark of Jowler, the house dog, startled me, and I determined to effect a speedy retreat. This resolution was confirmed by the ap proach of my canine enemy, tlhe growing louduess of whlose bark shlowed too clearly his increasing appropilnquitgy. I fled--but in my flurry mistook my room, burst into tlsst of the cook-maid, who had sprtng from hIer bed at thle sutmuous of thle trusty mastiff, and was received by her with as tonishment and open arms, andu retained by her, in the supposition that I was a felon, mntil Jowler flew to her assistauce, and fixing his fangs in thle calf of my left leg, held me fast in tlhis most embarrassing situatiol, as a spectacle to thle whole family, whlo speedily drew nighl to tlhe scene of cosnflsiotn Some armed with rapiers and with nshllights some. All my protestations anid tllose of tile ministering priestess of the euisine could not disabuse the minds of the spectators from tlhe idea of intrigue. Old Meadows accused me of bIaseness-Ellen upbraided me withl perfidy and. libertinissn-the cook was ordered off ait dsyblreak-and I beat my retreat by tile six o'clock London coaclh, und sought consolation for may misfortulte in my conscious innocence and a most sulper-excellent breakfsst. I llo~ determined to renounce all ideas of matrimony, andt be contented with bachelor's ftre for tlhe rest of my life. To procure tiss in its most agrecablle shape I resolved to enter tile -- club, of whlich several of my acquaittalsees were members. B3ut here again my evil destiny pursued me. All tie forms of proposing and secotnding me prescribed by thIe regulations of the club Ihad been duly observed, wlhen, by way of elsuring my election, I gave a disnner party to some of tile most influenttial ssem bers, a day or two preceding the one whichL wans to decide thle question of my admnission or rejection, The dintor was of tho best-admirable quality--labundants in quantity. I begged my guests to do it justice, and I myself set them thle examsple. They enjoyed tlhem selves and so did I--Inever made a heartier dinster in my life. Judge then, gentle rseader, of my horror and disgust at finding, on the day of election, that tlhese very friends had in conseoquence of this display of my gastronomic powers blackbailed me ! and this, too, as thley thecmselves avowed, for no other reason in tihe world than that tihe club could noat afford to dine a man with my appetite for thIe regulation price of 2/3. 