Murrurundi. (From the Times.) Tar, Wkatiibk.—Although flno during the week, the weather lm* shewn many indications of rc-turing ruin, r.ast oToning Borne ll|jht showers fell, and wet ngnin ap- peared to be setting in. Co.svEnsA/.tosp-..—1l ia Intended on Tues day evening the 2f>th instant, to hold a een rermzinne in tho .Murrurundi .School of Arts, the proceeds of which arc to be devoted to wurdi, obtaining a now piano for the Insti tute. These rctininns nro very popular in tbo metropolis, nnd being the first ever held hero it will no doubt be largely attended. lloiihe SWEATING.— A gentleman resident in Murrurundi, who bad a favourite pony rolling fat n fortnight ngo, informs us that the animal is now nothing but- skin nud bone, hnving been barbarously used without hia knowledge nuil consent, nnd had ita tail nulled This is not the first time the snmo horse hns been used iv this way. The owner has his suspicions as to who is the culprit, and hopes shortly to be nbto to bring biiu to justice. Rovino I'las at Haydonto.-j. —Com- plaints have been mndo to uh concerning the. largo number of pigs nl lowed to wander about llaydouton. They ntc a nuisance to the residents there, nnd ninko every piece of mount Innd by tbo persistency with which they root like n ploughed Held. LtKSTIIUOTION OK THE IlltllKlK AT AllKlt- DEE.I.--The bridge not long since erected over the river nt Aberdeen, fur the use of travellers nlong the rond, wns swept nwny by the flood waters on Friday the Sth instant. This was called a low level bridge. w e believe, but wns ueitheronc thing nor the other, nnd cost tho colony the mere trille of somei'liinc like £-,IXIO ! N A it it a ti iv "in tiih Coi.n."—During the late wet weather a telegram to the Sydney papery states that Nnrritbri did not receive any mails for twelvu days, owing to tho flooded state of the country. School ok Aiith.—A Committee meeting wns held on Thnrsdny evening. Present .-— Dr. llordnti (in tbe chair), Hey. W. Mnrsbull, Messrs. T. 11. Hoyee, 11. 11. Kvans J .1 Kmith, A. .1. Doust nnd J. Monies' The minutes of the previous meeting we're rend | huh eonurtiMM. 1 Itu buurelnry read a letter from Mr. \V. Done, tendering his resignation na Irensurer, iv consequence of bis departure from the district. Tho resignation was accepted, nnd tbo Secretnrv .vns in ? structcd to convey to Mr. Don." ut.-nJ thn thnnks of the Committee r,,r i- .' services. Mr.T. 11. I'ertv was „„J " 'T' elected Treasurer for tlie „„ Pxpir „ (l |p ?* f tbe year. 1 tie nceount of ,l, e Mait1.,,,,1 Mercury for lII*, wns pnssed for pnvineut and it wns decided tn pay future suWrii,' tlons to, that journal t n ndvanee. It wns agree,! Hint the yinrteenth Century after lnying n week en the Heading Room table should be allowed lo be tnkeii out by mem bers, on condition thnt it b? not rctnined longer than one week by the bor rower. It wns decided to procure tho following works, tho snmo hnving beet, sufgested by ? Q vcral members : 77 I !? K,,cn 'r o , r o Speaking. Mr*. Wood's \\\ orks, t.oorgo McDonald's Works. Aruiidale, Aurorn Hoyd, St. A it by n of st Aubvn's Open Bcnme. and .Sydney J'nneh. Tho (.oriunttteo iluatuuiouslv agreed to nlluw the /ree use of the Hall foV „ vonerrsa-u.ue to bo held on TucadLT, t1,,.. situ, Instant Hns prooaadt of tb* onterUinment to b? daTotcd towards tlio purchase of a new piano for the Institute. The President and Secretary were authorised to have n-gravel walk made from the gate to the corner of tlie building, and also to have the s|*outin£ repaired, nnd the cracks In. tbe walls plastered, it was decided' lo obtnin'six more newspaper files. ? The Liomts at tub Kchooi. of Arts — The Committee of the School of. Arts would' do we'll to. take some' steps for the more effectual lighting 'of the hnli. The expen sive sun-lights purchased, about three years ngo, and which nt first were found to work no well, have either got out of repnlr or arc. not properly attended to.' On numerous oc casions lately the hall hus l?cn most misera bly lighted, but this reached ft* climax ou Snturday ercning Inst, when -only a few of tho lamps'were alight, nnd they burned very dimly, apparently from wnnt of oil. Messrs. Millis and Croft endeavoured 'to-light the others, and Ui turn those alight up higher, but they could not succeed iv improving rnnttcrn. The gloom all over tlio building was most suitable for n ghost scene, or some splrltnnlistie. seance, where ' n certain amount of darkness is indispensable tv the success of the delusion to be played. Tub I.oitKN/.o Compaht.—On Saturday evening Inst this Compnny gnvu'thelr flnnl performance before a Murrurundi nudienct;.' On this occasion Mr.',T.orenr.o nprtcarcd In male sttire, a deckled improvement, we think, on the fcmnlo costume, nnd performed a number of clever tricks of sleight of baud. The production of two cards, sclcctcd'by tho audience, n broken plate, nnd two watches from Ihe audience, on tlie firing of n pistol, on the Btirfnco of a dark back ground in a picture frnmc, suspended by two cords iv the centre of tlio stnge, is very cleverly done—as is also Iho subsequent mending of the plate. 'Iho best perform ance, however, is that of tlio suddon disap pearance of a live canary with tbe iron cngo in which it is enclosed. This nppesrs.to bo truly innrvcllous. Mr. Lorcnito is well worth seeing. After the ningie pnrt of tho per formance comcii to an end, Mr. Millis ap pears with Ids automaton figures, wilh which he succeeds in creating roars of laughter. Snrnh Walker (n prim old maid). Tim Klnhort.v (from tho Kmcrnld Isle), Tone/ Ku'oukes (who is grcntly impressed, witli'the vnnlty of litis world's plensures), a man on tho roof, another tinder the stage, nnd a tnlking cockntoo nro made to say tbe most nmusing things, and lo sing some ex cellent Kiiglihh, Irish and Scotch songs. Mr. Millis is superior in his lino lo nny ven triloquist who hns previously visited Mur rurundi. Ho introduces a pair of solid hnrd wood stocks in his portion of the enterlnin ment, in wht'eli lie nllows his bond und hnnds to be securely fixed, hy being locked and the lock sealed. llu then retires for a few minutes behind tho scenes, nnd returns to the stngu free with the stocks unopened. This is nn extraordinary font—but tlio effect would be prenlly incrensed if, instead of re tiring, a cover were thrown over tho per former, and hu were to rolcnso hUnself in presence cf tlio uudience. Mr. Croft, tho other member nf (he Company, is an excel lent pianist, nnd contributes initeh to the enjoyment of the evening by hui skillful per formances. Ho hns n Tich tenor voice, nnd contributes several select stings iv n most pleasing nnd telling manner. Tho enter tainment Is decidedly good, free from any thing objectionable, and is.worthy of public support. 