M'ELHbNE IN' THE N. S. W A8 ' AttEBrshe Househad adjoorned to tea, last *iftht, the hon. tsaember for the Upper Hunter, Mr. M'Elhonq, was to be seen in the Parliamentary Ubrary searching sad re searching huge volumes of bound newspapers, and it was evident from his sestures, and an intimation be bad previously given in the HoniB,tn»t something was on the cards, and that, aaoene was to take place in the House. Humour's thousand tongues aoon ciroolated s report that Mr. M'Blhone was to make an attack on the Premier ; and before 8 o'clock the strangers' and Speaker's galleries were crammed to excess, and numbers had to be refused admittance. Several ladies were present in the anteroom behind the Speaker's chair, and there was a very fair muster of hon. members. Considerable interest seemed to be evinoed in what was coming. At 8 o'olook the House went into oommittee on the City Corporation BUI. After the Pre mier had moved that the oommittee agree to the . Council's amendments in the preamble, Mr. M'Blhone movBd that thu Chairman leave the chair in order that he otrald refer to the attack made upon him the other talght by Sir Henry Parties, and in doing so he would have to refer back to a few years, to what the Premier had said of '/him at Maitland, showing that he then had a very different opinion of him (Mr. M'Elhone) to what he expressed the other night. He had no wish to draw Mr. Garrett into what he was about to say farther than he possi bly oonld, but in juatioo to himself he was bound to make the explanation he was about to give. With regard to Hie late action for libel brought against him by Mr. Garrett, he would inform the Home that on Satarday last he wrote to his solicitors, Messrs . Gannon and M'taughlin, and on Monday he reoeired a reply. [He read both letters.] On Satur day night last Mr. M'Laoghliu came to his house and pointed out to him certain errone ous statements made by Sir Henry Parkea.fcn Us epaeoh against him' (Mr. M'Elhone), and he therefore wrote the letter which he had just read, and which evoked the reply from his solicitors. He had already said that he did not wish to draw Mr. Garrett in more than he could help in his speech. The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government had created a great disturbance in the country, and had almost threatened a civil war because the Legislative Council had not adopted his Privileges Bui. He (Mr. M'E.) had been asked over and over grain what h*A mme over the hon. gentleman, for it seemed so funny that he should deliberately ask the House to pass a bill to restrict members from making wild and slanderous statements, when he would show, before be finished his remarks that the hon. gentleman had been fined £100 for a wilful and malicious slander against one Darcy Wentworth Murray, asserting that Murray had been a party to his owu wife's dishonor. He would now refer to a speech made by Sir Henry Parkes at East Msitlaud when in opposition to the Bobertson Ministry, of whioh Mr. Garrett was a member. He oaoid not say that he was a firm supporter of Sir Henry Parkes, but he always voted for the Opposition in order to turn Sir John's Go vernment out, but he never dreamt of sup porting that high and mighty gentleman who 'putts' his foot upon this, and 'pntts' down that, and who 'pntts' his own Minister for Lands out of his chair the other night that he might get at this two penny-halfpenny affair of his quarrel with the Upper House for the sake of getting a party at his back. He would now give the House the benefit of the opinions expressed by the hon. gentleman of him in a speech at East Maitland. (Mr. M'Elhone then read the speech of Sir Henry Parkes, which abounded with flattering enooiniuma on the utility of the member for the Upper Hunter.) Sir Henry said Mr. M'Elhone had been mak ing some seriouB accusations; about the dis graceful cendoct' of the Bobertson Govern-. m»nt, »n4 alluded to the ?manner jn which votes had been obtained by boozing up with champagne in the Ministerial-room; but there had certainly been more obiiApagne drinking in the Miniaterial.ropm since Sir Henry Parkes had been Premier than during any other Government. For hi& own part he had never taken their champagne, having joined his hon. friend Mr. J. Dsvies with the Sons of Temperance ; bat he had the other night treated a number of friends to liquor at the Government expense. But be bad never had any at the expense of the Faroell Government ; and be was unaware that' even the Robertson Government resorted to the same dodge. In his speech at Maitland Sir Henry had spoken of the numerous de feats the then Government had sustained, and said that some of those defeats had been an damaging that ' I would have in stantly resigned.' It wsa always ' I ' with Sir Henry, and he was afraid tbat his ' I ' would get into some serious difficulty before long. Then the hon. gentleman spoke of Mr. M'Elhone, aud said lie did not know whether they knew him. Ho would tell the hou. member that bis name was well and favor ably known by all persons in Mnitland. He had never had a cheque dishonored. Neither had he paid his wfcy with two differ mt Hurts of cheques. His name was as good as gold in ?is dame wss without reproach, wliieli the bon. the Premier ,onuld*ot; say. People: in thfe' MaWttid dUtrict -*%!& **ke hit, word for thousands without the Bfcn&ik; of * :p«ni, and ha oould msie agreement* twelvemonths ahead, : and still he had neverfaM Us triy up King'itroeb, aud hetoped'hc never would. The hon. gentleman then went oa to say that Mr. M'Elhouo was a young member, and he was afraid Sir Henry then thought him greed and gullible— he then said Mr. M 'Elhonu was. in one sense, a very useful member. He wondered if he thought so now. (Laughter); He then went onto say he would be sorry to see Mr. M'Elboneout of Parliament-he (Mr. M'Elhone) was afraid he would sing quite a different song now. He would more likely tell them that be was a disgrace to Parlia ment* -like some evil, orMling, Venomous animal, as he said the other night. The hoh gantle'man, in his speeobiat Maitland, then al luHedto the oorruptionW pa/tici*, but In those days ,the word oorrupUon was plsis«nt to Sir Henty, and oonld aayUuu, be Wore corrupt . than the braten fane of tits Premier w)io! «tood(up»nd defended the hob. member -for) Oamden the other nlgoV attor^hli eltempts ' to damn him tn tht HolUand weeoh, taoause | htteiedtopirthlinoutbfPatliamsuU Now,! as to the matter of tin GwMtt Manner ( if ha had slandered Mr. Garret, he would show that Mr. Garrett was there to defend himself, but Sir. Henry Parkes had not only slandered Mr. Barey Wentworth Murray and his wife in that house, but had had pamphlets printed and oiroulateu' all over the dty, for whioh he was brought to the Supreme Court, and his plea was that he had nothing to do with printing the pamphlets, but the jury did not believe him,lhd he was mulcted in £100 damages, for it was clearly shown on the trial tbat the statements made by Sir Henry Parkes were untrue, and Mr. Murray's houor was Qn tamished, as was proved by Mr. Murray's letter which appeared 'ii .the Xvmiiig Keat at the time. [He read the letter to the House.] Mr. M'Blhone then referred to theO'Farrell shooting case, and in doing so, said it was a well- known fact that the Premier had grossly libelled one-third oi the whole colony, the religieils portion of whioh he was a member. This was similar to the Eiama ghost business. Sir Henry wished it to be believed that there was one vast conspiracy on the part of the Boman Catholics to rise up and murder all the fellow colonists of the Preisstaut faith, but Captain Charles could prove the atro cious ohaarcter of the men who conveyed such absurd stories to Sir Henry; but no matter what were the characters of the men, Sir Henry Parkes Swallowed, with open mouth, anything, so long aa he oould in culpate the Roman Cttholios. Sir Henry Parkes had pleaded not guilty to Mr. Murray's charge, on the ground that he had never bad anything to do with the printing, but it was proved that he had for warded fifty copies of the pamphlet to Mr. J. F. Byrnes. He could say be had never gone so far as Sir Henry Parkes had done, who had attacked a man through his wife having committed a great blunder. He (M'E.) had never done such n thing either in or out of the Hpuse. Sir Henry wss proverbial, however, ,for flinging bis'friende s^pep taevjhjtdaeniiea his purpose, and at the last election, when he and Sir John were defeated for Sydney, the latter was asked to seek re-election, but although he was no, ardent admirer of Sir John, he could not but aanutehis upright conduct in declining to do anything tUnt would un seat a friend. (Cheers.) But they bail heard Sir Heury Parkes say that the door of political life was closed against him for ever, and he had no wish to re-enter Parliament. Rut what was his conduct when naked to stand for Canterbury ? Did he refuse ? No ; like a crawling, venomous reptile of the worst typo, he unseateel his bosom friend and supporter, Mr. Richard Hill, crawling back to that House ignominiously. Mr. M'Elhone then referred to a speech made by Mr. Uarvall at East Maitland, and regretted deeply that he did not possess the language of that able wan to castigate Sir Heury Parkes, who had disgraced his knighthood. This came Sir Henry had, he believed, studied under Mr. Darvall for the bar, aud when it suited bim he turned round and strung him. What did Mr. Darvall eay in his speech, when he said Sir Henry had damned him with bis foul praise; and for bis (Mr. M'HIbone's) part, he would sooner receive his abuse than be damned by his praise. Mr. M'E. then quoted Mr. Darvall's speech in which he re ferred to the stratagem of Sir Henry Parkes in getting £5000 voted for the purpose of appointing emigration lecturer* at home, aud be managed to receive £2500 of .the jmouut, ileft his creditors, ; and took a trip home, where Mr. Darrafl in his speech told the Maitland peoplo bo never -lowked so well in his life as wheu strutting down the Strand spending their money, . , Well (said Mr. *M'Elhnno), Mr. D.itvall apnkc of his looks Since his return from England ; but he had never seen anything else but ill-looks since lie had cultivated that snoivy board. Mr. Darvall spnkc of Sir Henry as a noxious sub ject to deal with and he(Mr. M'Elli one) would consider that, alive or dead, a nastier or more noxious body than SirHum-y'j to handle oonld pot be obtained. Sir Henry Parkes, after the comtnenosnient Of Mr. M'Elhonc's speech, left the Assembly, and after Mr. M'Elhone had been speaking for halfau lionr, Mr. M^Cultoth, rose and oalled atten tion to strangers. , The galleries were there fore cleared, anil Mr. M'Elhone (as his remarks cauM«et beteperted) discontinued hie remarks, but avowed his determination of following up the attack next day. The remainder of the sittings jjaeseti off quietly and ' une'venWuDy, except that Sir Henry Parkes produced a denial from Sir Alfred Stephens that he (pir Alfred) had ever eaid Sir Henry ought to oe on Cockatoo Island. The tone of Mr. M'EUione'H speech was cha racterised by greatbitterness, and his remarks were fall of offensive personalities, directed against the Premier with conspicuous animus. He made severnl allusions to Sir Henry Parkes's personal appearance, aud frequently mimicked liis style of speech. — E. New*, May 21. . . ' 