THE MYSTERIES OP CRIME; OB, The Exeebxengeb op an Edinbtogh Detective.—No. CXIX. [Published by special arrangement with the " Author.] SELLING A LIFE, It seems to me that it is as often the. fear of discovery and disgrace which keeps the mass of men honest as their well-grounded principles of honesty and well-doing. A professional thief looks a very contemptible being in the dock ; but how many of the onlookers would themselves fall into the same slough if the opportunity were pre sented to them in a way that .made detec tion appear impossible ? Principles seem often to be very elastic things—altering strangely with circumstances and con ditions. A. man will often, when suddenly confronted with danger or death, make the most frantic and solemn vows, which the moment he is in safety will evanish in thin air, and he heard of, no more. Let me not he misunderstood—I have no wish to paint human nature blacker than it really is—I merely wish to state my conviction that there are many among us who are horn, educated, and trained to business—who flutter their brief hour here on earth—and then disappear without a slur on their name—who nevertheless are essentially dishonest, and who would act exactly like the principal character in the following curious case. The thought is not a flatter ing one, hut I am not accountable for that if it is a fact. One louring stormy evening in the month of September, the trading vessel Sweet Agnes, running from Amsterdam to Leith with a cargo of potatoes and butter, after dropping about helplessly in a heavy gale and a wild sea, and drifting away out of her course past Heligoland towards the coast of Denmark, began to flounder and stagger ominously, as if about to dive down head foremost in the water and carry every one on hoard to the bottom. The night was creeping down almost pitch dark, and the master of the vessel had only the vaguest idea of their whereabouts, added to which for nearly five hours the pumps had been kept incessantly at work by both crew and passengers, and with so little effect as to make them fear that the water below got in considerably faster than they were forcing it out. One terrible swing of the vessel sent the loose cargo rumbling over in the hold to the side, and there it stuck, keeping the vessel hanging appa rently uncertain whether to heel over or right itself, till nearly one-half of the cargo had been hoisted up with desperate hasty, and thrown overboard. Slowly and sud denly the vessel righted herself, but being rotten as a pear, the lightening process only seemed to have made room for more water; for hy-and-by the ominous staggers already mentioned convinced the experienced master that all their labor had been in vain, for the vessel was settling rapidly down in the water. There had been on board the vessel at starting three boats, but one had been torn away by the storm; and as quietly as pos sible; while the bulk of the crew and pas sengers remained clustered round the pumps, the master had the remaining two lowered into the water. One of these, un unfortunately, like the fire-hose in couutry villages, when most wanted, proved useless, for it leaked so freely that it was allowed to fill and sink; and then, with only one boat between them and a watery grave, every one cognizant of the real state of affairs glided noiselessly to the side, and disappeared, till the gunwale of the boat was almost level with the water, and the master was shouting loudly to the men to cast off or risk being swamped. The shout attracted the attention of the only two left on hoard, a young fellow, called . David Lochrie, a kind of broken-down ne'er-do well, who had agreed to work his passage to Leith, and a middle-aged gentleman, called Joseph Ferguson, a commission agent and general wholesale merchant, who had been visiting Holland on business, and was now on his* way home. These two had workedlike slaves •with the rest, and belong ing . to the same town, Leith, had' struck up'a kind of speaking acquaintance since the 'beginning of the storm. Now, how ever,' with a cry^ of alarm they rushed to the side and realised the dreadful situation : at a glance. " Cast ,off! cast-off 1" shouted the cap tain, himself Bafe in the boat, and; fearful "of any additional weight. " Another ounce will sink her ! Don't leap, if you value your lives!" • _ " , \- He leant forward to caist the boat loose as.he shouted out the Words," and shove it off with the oarin his hand; hut the mate, more soft-hearted, cried— ' "There's room for one—-if the gale gets no worse, she'll hold one. Hold 'on! Hold on! Quick! you two, decide which it's to be." • - . . Dying men think rapidly, and do not hesitate over the rounding of a period. " Let us leap for it," cried the young man Lochrie. " We've been shamefully tricked, and we've as much right to a chance far life as any of them." " Stop, stop!" screamed Mr. Ferguson, seeing that the boat was being shoved off at the threat. "Listen a moment. ? I am rich-, lean command thousands; I'll buy the place of you. * "Buy it?—buy my life? echoed the young man, with an amazed look. "Yes; a fortune—a thousand poundB for the place in the boat!" _ " A fortune ? — a thousand pounds.? What would a million be to a dead man ?" bitterly returned Lochrie. "But you have friends—a mother, poor and helpless," eagerly put in the trembling merchant; "andyou said not many hours ago that you were tired of life, and no use in the world but to come hack as a burthen upon your friends. Think, oh, think, what a sum like that would be to them!" " True—my mother—X have a mother," vacantly returned Lochrie; and then he allowed his face to sink into his hands, as if in deep thought. " Ohoy, there ! Quick! or we're off 1" shouted the mate from below. " Cast lots, if you can do nothing else; I'll count three, and if you're not down by the third you'll be left behind. One I" ' "QuickI—a thousand poundsS Two hundred more," eagerly and temptingly put in the merchant. " Twelve hundred for the place; and you may not go down after all." " I'll do it—I agree. Give my mother, the money——you have her address. Now, down with you before I can change my mind and Loehrie, with a face no longer troubled, but almost radiant through the gloom, turned to the crowded boat and shouted, ■< All right—I've sold him my place—re member, sold it—for twelve hundred pounds. It's all for my mother Good-bye, boys—good-bve." The soft-hearted mate turned away his head as Lochrie took off his cap to give them a parting cheer, and Mr. Ferguson scrambled down into the coveted few inches of room in the boat. "Poor fellow I Well that's noble of him—all for his mother," huskily put in the mate, addressing the captain almost unconsciously. " Couldn't we find room for him^too?" .".Room for him!—room for all our graves!" angrily shouted the captain. " It's a close shave with us as it is. Unless the wind goes down steadily we're lost, for no boatful like this could fight long with such a sea." They pushed off as he spoke, and the dark hull of the vessel slowly receded into the gloom, staggering and groaning as if about to make the final plunge. Lochrie said nothing, but they saw him draw his hand across his eyes as his white face became more indistinct in the darkness. Still his hearing was^ manly and firm as ever, and the cap in his hand was waved persistently till the murmurs of -sympathy from the boat swelled to a hoarse cheer, and the murky gloom hid the; doomed vessel'from their eyes. Even after the vessel was invisible tbey breathlessly rested on their oars and strove to pierce the gloom with eager glances, fancying that they still saw the dull hull and white face slowly surging downwards into a watery burial. AH night they kept at the oars rather aimlessly, for though'the waul had _mode~ rated, their bearings were as indistinet as ever. Unconsciously tbey had made some progress towards England, for next morn ing a vessel bound for Shields sighted the castaways, picked up them and their boat,, and in a few hours landed them all in safety. - On landing, Mr. Ferguson, who had re mained strangely silent as to the nature of the bargain between him and the lost man, at once left the company of the rescued castaways, and was seen no more. Strang^ nay, incredible, it may appear, but he had actually in the inherent meanness of his soul begun to repent of the hasty bargain -which had spared him to his wife aad family, and was studying how best to make sure of never being called upon to imple ment the agreement. As things stood he seemed to have every facility afforded mm for the safe commission of the crime. He himself was not personally known to a soul onboard; he might have belonged to the Fiji Islands for aught they knew, though he had shipped for Leith under his real name, Joseph Ferguson. Then, even if their suspicions were roused, what could they do ? A few words hastily.shouted over the side of a sinking vessel would not go for much in a court of law, even if they were remembered beyond the first twenty-f our hours—which was not likely. Besides— and here was the scheming rascal's greatest point—the woman to whom the money was due was poor and obscure—he was not certain, indeed, if one among the rescued but himself knew of her existence or her address. Twelve hundred pounds was not a great deal to him—he sometimes made as much in a few months—hut it was more than he felt inclined "to throw away," as he expressed it to himself. He evidently considered that his life was worth an infi- ■ nitesimally smaller sum than that; and under the circumstances I do not think any one will be inclined to dispute the superi ority of his valuing powers. It was there fore with peculiar satisfaction that he found himself, away up at Newcastle, far from the rescued men and all busy and troublesome enquiries, and whirling along by the East Coast tine towards Leith, luxuriously reposing in a first-class car riage, and composing himself to sleep with the. thought of having done an exceedingly clever stroke of business. It" so happened, however, that the sym pathies of one—a perfect stranger to all concerned, had been keenly roused by all the circumstances of the case. That was no other than Tom.Ftint, the soft- hearted mate already mentioned. This man had no interest whatever in the lost man or. his relatives; hut perhaps he had a mother of his own, or felt a deeper gratitude, for being himself spared " yet a little longer.' At any rate he hastened to Leith with, th® earliest available train,- and after.-hastily assuring his own wife of his safety, walked off to an obscure part of the Kirkgate to the address which he had taken from Lochrie when shipping him at Amsterdam. It was a bright sunny afternoon when he set out, and his, steps were quickened materially by seeing in glaring letters at every newspaper vendor's door—"Loss or a Leith vessel and one man." "I wanted to tell it her in my own way," he afterwards said to me," afore she clapped her .eyes on it in them papers, which always put things in the very sharpest and'sudaenest way they can." Mrs. Lochrie was not difficult to find. He was shown into a single apartment on the ground floor, where an. old woman rose hastily fromher white sebin, and with trembling limbs crossed the well-sanded . floor with her eyes earnestly fixed on Ins grave face.! „ 7 " You'reJ Mrs. Lochrie, m& am, I believe," began the mate, now trembling almost as violently as the poor woman before him.. Her face turned ashy white, and she started back,; pressing her hand on her heart. r . '• "Isit onything aboot my laddie?" she faintly articulated at last. ".My .Davie* that's been . awa' this twelvemonth and inair?". ■ ...... . " It. is, ma'am ; but keep op a good heart," said the sailor, in Broken tones, " The vessel went down, there's no doubt;, but then we dufino whether your son., . mightn't ha'bin picked up or——" The words of comfort died on his tips. The poor mother had staggered slowly Lack to a seat by the fire, where she mechani cally seated herself, with her whole face convulsed, and her body rocked to and fro in the first paroxysm of grief. " My Davie! my youngest laddie!" she; .faintly moaned,, as if-unconscious of the man's presence. " They a' ca'd him a ne'er dae-weel, and tried a' they could to keep him doon, but I kent his heart better nor ony; and I ken he wad have laid doon his very life for his mother." "'You're right, ma'am," respectfully put in the sailor. " He did lay down his life for you. There was only room for one in the boat, and there was two still on deck. One was rich, and he bought the place from your son, who shouted out to us,' It was all for my mother 1'" ^ - "My laddie 1 my laddie! gie me back, .my laddie!" screamed the bereaved mother, starting to her feet and wildly tearing at, her grey hair. " What care I for money if my laddie's gane! Gie me back my son! oh, gie me back my son!" , .Some of the neighbors, attracted- by her, piercing ^cries, now.made their appearance, and after explaining matters to them, ..the honest sailor was glad to leave them to con-' sole the stricken mother .in their own simple fashion. He was not quite certain that Mrs. Lochrie had. really, understood what he said about the money; but he promised to call again, in the course of a'day or two, and give her further information, when she -was in a more fitstafe to',: receive .it; ; .• In the.interval the' -sailor' was not idle,; The first thing1 that dawned upon his recol-: lection upon visiting the poor mother was the fact that as yet he'did not even know the name of the gentleman who had bought the place in. the boat;' A letter to the cap ; tain, who was still at Shields, only revealed the name,; Mr. Ferguson, but. a singular cliancegave the honest mate a better and clearer clue to his whereabouts. In passing along the outskirts of the town, while in a dubious state of mind as to whether he could possibly do any good by again calling on Mrs. Lochrie, he happened to catch sight of the name, " Mr. Ferguson," on a large and shiny brass plate, in front of a preten tious looking villa. He did not for a •moment think that this was the man he sought; but the sight of the name in some way prompted him to a wise -course—he went straight along to the Post-Office, and nsked for a look at the Directory. There: he found such a mass of Fergusons, piled one on the other, that he was well-nigh appalled, but at last he came en one which seemed in a faint way to indicate the man wanted. ; This was "Joseph Ferguson, commission agent," whose business premises and dwelling-house were both distinctly recorded. A few enquiries and some smart walking brought him hack to 'the' villa,, ■Whence he had started, and'as the hour was ■ not a late one, he boldly rang the bell, and asked if he could see the master of the louse; • The servant girl stared at him dubiously ■ and suspiciously, retired for a moment or two to consult her employers, and then returned'to say that her "master was! not athome." " Are ye sure ?" said the sailor, with a keen look into her face ; for he had heard ; much shuffling of feet and hasty whisper ■ ing behind doors before the message was brought out. ' W<cjuite sure," said the servant, who doubtless had such lies "considered in her wages." " He's away at the North, on business."- . ; " When will he he back ?•"• ;: ; ■ ■ ■ ■ • "I couldn't sa}'." ; " You mean you don't want me to come hack ?" sharply put in the sailor. •" Then I'll disappoint you. for I'll come hack every day in the world till-1do see him." " : " You needn't trouble yourself, for ho won't see you," unguardedly blurted out. the girl. " And why ?" - . " Because you're a sailor; and he told me I wasn't toadmit any sailors, for he couldn't \- see them." . . 'M3h, ho! Pr'aps he thought it would J be disagreeable.—unpleasant like, to the tune of twelve hundred pounds?" cried ■themate. "I think I see through his : shifty sailing and skulking. My name's ■ Tom Flint, and I'm precious determined -whenI take it into my head; so ye can •' iuBt tell him it's all o- no use wi' me, 'cos \- I'll come back an' for'ard till I see him. I've - no doubt he's in there, in the first ; cabin, listenin' to What I say ; an' that's ■ why I-speak it out loud to let him know. ; He's a d well, I won't swear, but I can ' say he's a pison mean hunk of: a thief 1 without the rest. Good arternoon, miss. \- Ye're a pretty gall, but ye're a horful liar ■ for all that." He walked away as he spoke, keeping up <-a very dignified look till he was out of sight ■"Of 'the villa, and thenthe troubled look came -back to his face, while his steps got slower r and less decided. ■ "I ain't a good hand at this sort o' busi ness," he said at last to himself, shaking his head very gravely. " I aiu't half fly enough. If 1 could get hold of a very fly p'leeceman or peg, and take Mm along with me, p'r'haps the mean pirate might get frightened and fork out. I wouldn't mind -standin' the peg Ave bob out of my own vpocket if the old woman got her due." -' While he spoke he happened to raise his ' eyes,; and then saw one of the police pass vihg slowly along on the other side of the \--street. In a moment he had crossed the ''street, and anxiously tackled the man. ' 1 "As a matter of opinion, now, who ; would you tMnk was-about the flyest and -sharpest fflan among you p'leecemen?" he cautiously enquired, after feeing his counsel ' with alump of sailor's plug. ' " Do you mean among the police or the 1 detectives ?'" asked the man. " Detectives ?—detectives ? That's them chaps that detect villins, isn't it?" reflec tively put in Tom Flint, J- "Yes."^ :' <l Ay—it's them I mean. Which is'the flyest among'em ?" • "Well, there's one McGovan, up in 1 Edinburgh, gets a great name." ' !" " That's the man for me—where does he anchor ?" ' . •" His address—oh, I can write" it out for: you; but you could see him just as well at ; the Jhead office."; . ' " Write away then; ."cos I may need him * td-morrer. I'll give the' villin another ' chance yet; though—that's only fair. Thank ; ye —I'm much obliged to ye,""and carefully •pocketing the scribbled address!, he now made for the home of Mrs. Lochrie in' the ;Kirkgate. On his way thither and while passing along a wide street near the docks \- he came full upon Mr. Ferguson's place of business, and thinking it too good a chance : to throw away, he first! peered in through i the gauz-blinded windows at the busy clerks , and then walked straight in. "Master in?" "No." "... " When will he-he in ?" - , " Was it anything particular ?" ."Yes, yery partic'lar ?" ; ; ... i " Then he'll be in in half-an-hoiu*—it's i always about six when he comes back from •dinner." " Thank ye—I'm much obliged to ye," "joyfully answered Tom Flint,' fumbling in fhis pocket for a lump of. "sailor's plug," which he held out to the;sce'nted dandy at the desk, " There, mister, have a hit ?" -The clerk stared and: shuddered and looked so like he was becoming sick or • going to faint that Tom had to take hack' • tile prdffered gift rather hurriedly. \- - "Well, you'll shake hands wi'me? I . must shake hands wi' somebody," continued Tom, offering his brown and horny paw. " Dear me, what a peculiar man," said • the clerk, with some impatience. " Well, there," • and ho put' forth hi$ lily white hand anxious to pet rid ofthe tiouDlesuuib. stranger. Tom Flint's fingers closed on the softiand like a vice, and in-aninstantthe clerk \vas squirming about, yelling himself hoarse With the agony of the pressure, and then while he was feeling the bruised joints and gingerly pulling them to restore the circulation the sailor lauphingly made his escape. He found Mrs. Lochrie still bowed with grief, but able to listen more calmly to his relation of the peculiar incidents, and when he had finished he had little difficulty in persuading her to put on her bonnet and shawl and walk with him as far as the •premises of the commission agent. The ' same dandy clerk received them. u. Master in now ?" said Tom. '/Yes. Who shall I say P" " Oh, never mind any name—ju3t say it's a gentleman called about a very valy'ble commission." . The clerk disappeared into a hack room —there was a dead silence for some minutes—and then he reappeared looking very grave, indeed. "I am sorry to say—ahem—that I was —that is—mistaken. Mr. Ferguson is not in his room." " What! are you as good a liar as the gal at the house ?" blurted out Tom Flint. « Look here, I'm goin' in there!" he slowly added, pointing in towards the private room with his brown finger. "And if any one wants to be knocked down they'd better try to stop me !"•: . He walked straight in as he spoke, with Mrs. Lochrie .following, close at his heels, and the terrified clerk gaping at him with stupefied amazement. With a thundering knock at the door of the room, the sailor turned the handle and walked in. A gentleman seated at a table desk covered with books and papers, started up angrily as they entered; and Tom recognised at a glance. the man who had bought the place in the boat. Mr. Ferguson turned white, as much with anger as fear and chagrin, and boldly snapped out— " Well, what is the meaning of this in trusion ? What do you want P" " Ob, me? I don't want nothing," coolly answered Tom Flint, as innocent of gram mar as of guile, respectfully placing a chair for Mrs. Lochrie. " Then get out again as fast as you like before I call' for the police," cried the merchaut, with a thundering blow at the table. - " Ob, ho you won't. I don't think you 11 call for them, seein'that I'm goin' to em ploy on mv own hook the very cleverest and flyest of detective men—McGovan—if you don't fork out." The merchant bit his lip and sullenly re sumed his seat. " This is Mrs. Lochrie, the poor mother of the young chap that gave up bis place in the boat for a consideration to you. You'll maybe remember on it ? Twelve hundred pounds it was to be" and Torn calmly seated himself on another of the office chairs and helped himself to a good cut of sailor's plug. " I don't understand what you're raving about," cried the guilty merchant, blushing painfully. " I got the place in the boat be cause I had the best right to it, having paid for my passage, while the man you speak of was only working his." " But ye was to give his mother twelve hundred pounds," persisted Tom Flint, stopping his hard chewing in amazement. " Fair sailing now—ye remember that." > "I rem'ember nothing of the "kind— when did you hear me say it ?" sharply re turned the merchant, beginning t to" get more courageous. ' ■ ; " Well—well"—and Tom took off his hat to scratch his head iu a puzzled way. | " I didn't exactly hear ye say it; hut he said—be cried it over the side—the poor young chap did—and we all heafd him— lie said it was all for his mother." I've nothing to do with what he said," rejoined the man of business. " i'here must always he two at a bargain, you know." " . . : Tom looked at him for a full minute without answering, and then his words burst out— ' ," Well, if this don't heat the Lawyers! You'd almost make me believe I'm atandin' on rav head and chewm'a'bit of oakum in stead' o' the best sailor's plug". Well, ain't you an unprincipled old nirate art'er all ? I'll need to get the flyest of pegs "to you, that's straight.". \- "It is nothing to me' what you do," haughtily returned the merchant. " Being safe, I am perfectly indifferent." " But my laddie, whose life ye stole by a trick, dae ye think that was nae thing to me'!" cried the bereaved mother, starting to her feet with the tears in her eyes. " Ye'vo robbit a widow, an' yell never prosper in ' this warld: My bitterest curse descend on yer heid—I' pray that ye may die'in yer bed "before three days are come and' gone." She tottered from the room as she'spoke, and the sailor slowly followed,, though not before he had time to note on,- the pallid "face of the merchaut how deeply the words " had sunk into his craven soul. The sweat had started from his brow—his eyes ap pi ared to he protruding from their sockets, and a letter he had been writing wu3 clutched convulsively into a crumpled mass in his hand. He even appeared half in clined to call them back; but the sailor only nodded his head significantly and left him to his thoughts. _ Next day I was rather surprised by a visit, at my own house, from Tom' Flint, whom I of course, had never seen or heard of before. After giving his name, he pulled out a canvas hag, from which he took four shillings, a sixpence, and sixpence in coppers, all of which he carefully ranged on the table before me. "There," he said, "I'll stand you that out of my own pocket for pulling up a villin, and making him fork out," and then he in his own way related to me everything I have hers put down. . i When he had finished, I first made him put hack the five shillings in his canvas bag, and then explained that though I was willing to help him in any way in my power, the case was scarcely one for the police. _ , "'You will have to sue the man in the Court of Session—an expensive job at all times—and even then I scarcely think you will make anything of it. You can put him on liis oath, to he sura; but the man who could deny such a solemn obligation would probably scruple little at a false oath, hut I'll tell you what I'll do for you. Give me the names and addresses, of all the crew who heard the compact, and with their evidence to back me, I have no objection to go down to'this man and reason with him —say the day after to-morrow," Tom Flint was in ecstasies' at the last mentioned plan, and immediately pressed on me about half-a-pound of sailor's plug, . Two days after, with about half a dozen letters in my pocket, most, of them dated from Shields, and speaking most einphati- " cally as to the" agreement, I met Tom Flint by appointment at the foot of Leitli Walk, and went with him to the office of Mr. Fer guson. I asked for the master of the establishment, but the clerk, with a hushed awe that I knew cotild not be simulated, replied— "I am sorry to. say that Mr. Ferguson is ill-—very ill—indeed, we have just got word from the house that he is' not expected to recover." " Indeed, I am sorry to hear it. What is the trouble,, do you know ?" " A kind of fever, I believe. Indeed he has never been well since this man came here a few days ago;" and the clerk indi cated my companion, who nodded .with some exultation. . _ We left tfce effieej wew «wwlj mak iogL Qijtr way .past the docks,,when a sudden , exolamatioq from, my companion attracted my attention; and, turning in surprise, I was just in time to see him flop down on; the pavement, with his eyes wildly fixed on a young man, rather shabbily dressed, who was approaching from, the opposite direction. - It's his ghost!" he hoarsely muttered, corned up from the bottom of the sea to haunt the clieatin! villin on his deathbed But he might ha'gone round some other road, so as not to meet me. He has no . 'casion to haunt, me, arter me stickin' up for his old mother—ah 1" The young man came closer, and with a . cry of joy had bounded forward and seized his hand. " What! it's the mate—it's Mr. Flint after all!" he cried shaking the limp hand as if he would never tire. " I'm glad to see you! You see, I didn't go down after all. A J French sloop hailed me just as I had given up all hope, and I was carried off to | Boulogne, where I had some difficulty in getting a passage home. But I've managed it at last; and now I'm going straight to my old mother's; she'll be glad to see me, though, as usual, I've come bask without a penny in my pocket." . At the touch of the warm hand, Tom Flint had seized it and shaken it with a force that almost made Lochrie dance with . agony; and then, after about a hundred ex planations, we took our way in a body to the home in the Kirkgate. The door, how ever, was closed and locked; but a neighbor running out at the sound explained ■ that " Mrs. Lochrie had been ca'ed oot unex pectedly by the man that had cheated her, who was deein', and was wantiu' to gie her the money to ease his mind." We left very quickly, and, guided by Tom Flint, took our way to the outskirts of the town to Mr. Ferguson's villa. - Tt was with great difficulty we got permission to see the sick man, but we managed it at last; and then occurred a scene which it is useless for me to attempt to describe. He was propped up in bed, supported on either side, signing a paper, which he with some difficulty handed to Mrs. Lochrie, who was now in tears, and thoroughly sorry for hav ing uttered the hasty'words' at the office,, which in her simplicity she blamed as the sole cause of the merchant's :illues3. But the moment the paper which made over to: the old woman the twelve hundred pounds had changed hands, the - eyes of: the sick • man fell .on our strange figures, and became chained in horror to the face of Lochrie., "There! There! see it! he has come!" he gasped out, and then he dropped away in a swoon, while the poor mother, turning: with a start, gaye a sharp scream of joy, and flew at her son with a wild swoop, which only a mother can make, and clasped bim tight in her arms, while she kissed him as if she would never he satiated. Some commotion ensued, for Mr. Fergu son was in such a weak and pree.ariou3 con dition that at first it "wa's feared that he would never, recover consciousness,; but when he at last opened his eyes, and found Lochrie a living, breathing man, supporting him; and beard the poor mother saying tearfully," Weel, I'll never, again wish evil to. befall a fellow creature, for it-wad be .sure.to come true," he smiled faintly and said— . • I feel so much better now. Give bim the'paper—it's bis by right. Perhaps I'll not die after all." The.cheq ue.was placed in Locbrie's hands, nutlieonlv toreitinto shreds; and thusl had . !o leave them. But they settled it in their own way after. Mr. Ferguson recovered eventually; arid his first order was that Lochrie should be taken into his office at a liberal salary. The " ne'er-dae-weel " pros pered,in his new post; and showed surpris ing quickness and energy. Ultimately, I believe, David Lochrie was awarded a share in the business; and thus it was that the man who htid failed at everything, in the end made a position by selling his life. 