A R CtlBI&H; QP VA UGH A NAT MARY'S. . Last night iiis (iracc tlic Roman CiitHolic Arch bishop of Sydney delivered an address on the subject of education at St Ataryjs pro-Cathcdriil to an audi ence numbering about «iocj). Among these were present a Large number, of influential .Protestant genuemen. We noticed : Very Rev. Dr. GiiletU Very Rev. -Dean Sheridan, V.G., Very llcv. Dean- Kenny, Revs, AV.' Taylor, James Mendari, P. Ryan, AI. H. Ryan, J. Fleming, P. Dalton, the Hon. E. Baker, Hon. Alexander Stewart, Messrs. At. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Hugh Taylor, M.L.A. J. J. Donovan, J. J. Moore, F, Browne, Jnmes Toohev, James Butler,. T. M. Slnttery, F. J. M'Carthy, i)r M'Donngh. His Giucb tiik Arcddishof said : Since I was capable of looking out upon the world and watching the religious movements of my fellow-men, I have been struck with the fact that, notwithstanding the confusion which envelops the great struggle of humanity, there arc two enraps nnd two armies ever waging war. Tho confusion between thorn h yearly growing less, find Christianity and free thought, affirmation atni detoiul, are beginning to divide the worm ns with a knife; Aly iutlM was occupied with these thoughts AVbton 1 first clltlie to this colony ; nnd in reply to an address presented to me in May, 1874, by the then rector and fellows of St; John's College, I took occasion tQ'cnlargb lipbn these views. I said that 14 the wave of iniitle(i ty-, which is upheaving, con fusing; anil-, I iiihj cRy, sickening the mind of Europe, will, doubtless, in due course, break upon these shores ; or, to change the figure, the battle which is bding waged in the old world will have to be fought out in the new. There is only one reasonable. CbUrfcb clpbn tB .tbbsts vVlio profess the Catholic, religion. . Td disobey woitld be a pre varication. The late Mr. BUgbbot; editor of the Economist) and tile gf'cdt authority oii, tlic English Constitution, tliouU far from being a Catholic, has thrown our position into ,so clear a light, and has offered so rcasoiiablto.rt jtisliiidatitln .for out believing and nlitiiig oil authority, that I shall make no apology for making quo long' extract, from his writings. AVritinu from Franfce: oil tlio cotiu d'5tat. he savs : — "In oflier times, and even iio\V; hi oilt:of-the-way Spain, I suppose it maybe trim thiit tho Catholic Church has been opposed to inquiry and reasoning. But it is not so iiow and here. Loudly from the pens of a hundred writers, from the totlgucs of a thousand pulpits, in every note of thrilling sconi and exulting derision, she proclaims the contrary. Be she Christ's workman or Aiiticbrist's; shg. knows Iter work loo well. 1 R&isdh;, icasBn, rcdson !' exclaims slic to the philosophers of this world. 'Put in practice what you teach if you would have others believe it. Be consistent. Do not prate to us of private judg ment, wheu you are but yourselves repeating what you heard ill (lie nurscty— ill-muiubled remnants of a Catholic Lrndltibii. No: exemplify your command ; inquire and make :carch. .Suck, and we warn ychi that ye will never find, do as ye will. Shut yourselves up in a room, make your mind a blank; go down (as you speak) into the depth of your conscioiisuiess ; scru tinise the ifiental structure; inquire for the clcnieuts of belief, fipctid ycai's, yoiir best years, in the occupa tion, and at length, when vBur eyes are dim; and your brain hot, atul your hands tinsteddy; then reckon what you have gained. See if yoil cdiinot count on your fingers the" certainties yoii have renchcd ; reflect which of them you doubted yesterday, Which you liitoy disbelieve to-morrow ; or rather, make basic, assume at random some essential crcdcnda, write down your inevitable postulates, enumerate your necessary axioms ; toil on, toil on, spin your spider's web, adore jour own soul, or if .you prefer it choose some German nostrum : try an intellectual intuition, or the pure reason, or intelligible ideas, or the mesmeric clairvoyance and when so, or somehow, you have attained your results, try them on inankiud. Don't go out into the bye-ways and hedges, it is unneces sary ; ring a bell, call in the servants, give them a course of lectures,, cite Aristotle, review Descartes, panegyrise Plato, and see if the bonne will understand you : it is you that say, 1 Vox populi vox Dei.1 You see the people reject you. Or suppose you succeed — what you call. succeeding. Your books are read ; for three weeks or even a season you are the idol of the salons. Your hard words are on the lips of women ; then a change comes ; a new actress appears at the Theatre theories, or a great catastrophe occurs ; political liberty, it is said, is annihilate. '11 faut sc faire mouchard' is the observation of the scoffers. Any how 3'ou are forgotten. Fifty years may be the gestation of a philosophy, not three its life. Befoie long— before you go to your grave — your six disciples leave you for some newer master, or sot up for tliein- seves. The poorest priest in the remotest region of the Basses Alpcs has more power o%'er men's souls than human cultivation. His ill-mouthed masses move women's souls — Kin you ? Ye scoff at Jupiter, yet he at least was believed in ; you never have beeu. Idol for idol, the dethroned is better than the un throned. No, if you would reason, if yon would teach, if you would speculate, come to us. AVe have our premises ready. Years upon years before you were born, intellects whom the best of you delight to magnify, toiled to systematise the creed of ages. "Tears upon years after you are dead, better heads than 'yonrs will lltll Ill.lllUi bUUlU IU UUUUC, IU uiviue, 11) arrange. Consider the -100 volumes of Aquinas. Which of you desire a higher life than that to deduce, to subtilise, discriminate, system atise, and decide the highest truth, and to be believed ? Yet such was his luck, his enjoyment. He was what you would be. No, no, 4 crcdite crcditc.' Ours is ihc life of speculation. The cloister is the home for the student. Philosophy is stationary. Catholicism progressive. ) call. I Vc are heard,'' Fo speaks each preacher, according to his ability. And when the dust and noise of present controversies have passed away, and, in the interior of the night, some grave historian writes out the tale of half- forgotten times, let him not forget to observe that, profoundly as the uicdimval church subdued the superstitious cravings of a painful and barbarous age, in after years she dealt more discerningly still with the feverish excitement, the feeble vanities, and the dog matic impatience of an over- intellectual genera tion.'' Yes, we. Catholics, rest upon the Supreme authority of that great intellect which has di- iceieu um iiiimoiin ui our iuddhs hi every gene ration; and wc conceive it to be far more safe, far more prudent, infinitely more reasonable, to believe her and to abide by her enlightened wisdom regarding education, than to follow any other light. Tlic fashions of this world change, but she is "semper cadetn." She, t he ark of our salvation, is our guide — her voice and her leadership wc follow ; to disobey would lie Lo cast oneself into the Fcclhing ocean of endless darkness and endless doubt. But has she spoken? Yes, emphatically and unmistakably. Men may talk of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Murray, who lived and spoke in dat\a of persecution, when Catholics were thankful to be allowed to call their nouls their own. Bincc those days the great education question has developed ; it is more fully understood now. Popes have spoken out, and Councils have decreed, and tlic voice throughout the Christian common wealth is one ; it tells the Catholic world that the main instrument of the great Apostasy is secularist education ; it warns parents of the danger; it gives rules to priests ; it tires not in impressing on all cl-reci..' in (Itiu mnfini'il 'urn (linf llio lni>niiw. i. I the battle with denial rests on the education of the young. That is tho pivot. Never has the Church spoken so often, so emphatically, or eo sternly on one single subject as upon 'this one. Rend the instruction of the Belgian hierarchy as ap proved by Pope Leo XIII; peruse the acts of the second National Couuci! of Baltimore ; of tho first and fourth Provincial Councils of Westminster; look at the first, second, aud third Provincial Coun cils of Quebec ; the first Provincial Council of Hali fax ; the Provincial Council of Sydney ; the Provin cial Council of Utrecht; the Provincial Council of Cologne; and the t-eries of declarations and statutes of the great Irish hierarchy, which has spoken so boldly and so nposlolically on this subject. If ever the voice of the Church spoke clearly, it is here ; and that she has so spoken is acknowledged by, and testi fied to, even by Anglican theologians of the highest standing. The refusal of Catholics, then, to send their children to Public schools hi no fad, or whiui-wam, or crochet, but it is an act of enlightened obedience to a higher mind and to a divine authority, to resist which is to resist the voice of God Himself. You may think this super stition or madness— still, so it is; and two hundred millions arc mad if you will, and it is a madness which must be dealt with, and cannot be cured by harsh injustice aud political enslavement. To disobey the Church is to prevaricate against God Himself. This is a first principle of the Catholic Church. It is said that I am no politician, but if I were I would be no bishop. The following dialogue between St. Basil nnd a Roman prefect will show my idea of the kind of politics which a Christian Bishop should Jadopt. This was the dialogue which passed between tucm : — "What is the meaning of this, you Basil," said the Prefect, a bitter Arian, not deigning to style him bishop, "that you staud out against so great a prince, and arc self- willed when others yield?" Basil: "What would you ? and what is my extravagance ? I have not yet learned it." Modestus: " Tour not worphipping after the Emperor's manner, when the rest of your party have given way aud been overcome." Basil : "I have a Sovereign whose will is otherwise ; nor cuu 1 bring uirzclf to worship any creature — I. a creature of God. and commanded to be a god!' Modestus . "For whom do you take me f" Basil : "For a tiling of naught, while such are vonr commands." Modestus ; "Is it. then, a mere nothing lor one like vou to have rank like mvself. and lo have my fellowship"'" Basil: "Ton arc Prefect, nnd in noble place: i own it; yet Gods majesty is greater ; audit is much for mc to have your fellowship, for we are both God's crcaturcH ; nut lL is as great a thing to be lellnw to any other of my flock, for Chri&tiauiLj; lies not in dis tinction of persons, but m faith."' The Prefect was angered nt this, and ro;-e from his chair, and abruptly asked Basil if he did not fear his power. Basil Fear what consequences.'' what sufienmrs /' Modestus "One of those many pains which a Prefect can inflict." Basil: "Let me know them." Alodrstns "Contis- l.'ltlMill. L'AUL'. UMUIIl.. lll'll 1 II. JiitMl I 1111111 Ol some other lineal. 1 li- se have no influence upon mo iloriinH no risk ol coriliM-ulion who has noilung lo lose except I hefc mean uanmufs ami a Lav books; nor docs be care for exile who in not eiicmnscribrd bv place, who docs not' make a home ol tho ipot be dwells m. but everywhere a homewhithersouver he lie cast, or rather everywhere God s home, whose pilgrim he is and a wanderer; nor can torture harm a frame so frail as to b eak under the first blow. You could strike but once, and death would be gam. It would but reml me the sooner to Hun for whom I live and labour, tor whom J am dead ml her than alive to whom J have long been joniiicvmc." Modeslur. : No one yet ever spoke to Modestus with such free dom.' Basil: "Peradvenlure Modestus never yet fell in Willi a bishop; or, suieiv, in a like trial you would have heard like language. O Prefect, in all other t Inner, wc arc gentle, and more humble than all men living, fur such is tbo eominnudmcnt, no as not to raiEc our brow, lu say not ugain&L; bo gieat a prince, ' but even ugaiust one of least account; but when God's honour w ut stake, wo think of nothing else, looking simply to Htm. t'ire aiji. s1wordlj.bca.o/ fwcyirflna ,to s.fend tfiq flesh; ard'an indulgence,, ratner .than ,n t£rfo£.lon Christian, jThesefoyp,, insult,' threaten, fl'oyou,rAr,orqty make tlic most of your power.': Lct.Jlic Lmfjpror be informed pf. my purpose.. Me you gain not, you pcrsuauo not," to nn -impiqu& eroc more frightful." : The conduct of St. Basil repose/its vey faithfully th'at political school, uud that method of diplomacy, which is especial to Catholic Bishops. He is held t out -(p them, as pattern, and upon- his principles .they moulfl .th#, method?,' mid. the actious of their lives wbcn in-contactjAvith opponent# .of the faith of Christ. The -Catholic Sjsbop-.mny not minimise or compromise the-fnithi lie (must lose nil things rather than renounce that, lie is the light, and the guide of his people ; if he fail, if he lose heart, and allow himself to be practised on, they are thrown Into a chaos of confusion. To be straight, clear, and out-spokcii. firm as a rock, yet gentle and humble, without douot of deceit; but preaching the unshruuken Gospel of Christ, nt all hazards, Nor me tan ferritin tcrrnnt Dictn fcrox, Dfi me terrcut ct Jupiter liotc.«. Why should I insult the vast majority of colonists? They have not been insulted. I will explain. In my Pastoral letter of September 7, which appeared in all the newspapers, I said: "Dearly beloved, exercise yourselves continually in a Christian and masculine charity) douot dishonour the religion of oonfessors and martyrs J milnifyst .niyotlr lift?? turn in rotor re lations With yoiir ndto-Ciltholic iiOiglibfiiifs the spirit of the Catholic Church in iicrcalni utterance of truth, nnd her great gentleness towards those who differ from her ; tout! if it be your duty to say disagreeable things, sfty them as Sft&'tiy jiii'd kifidly as you can. It is in this spirit that we ever hope to act; in sist on Catholics giving their children a thorough Catholic education, because it is our boimden duty to do so. We point out the daugcrs to Catholics of Public schools, because we should be prevaricating against our solemn pbligations were wc any longer ' to hold our p'encS; . Here Josiilfiy, #6 tajir pre pain to some ; but it is the jftifi in/lifctb'd liv. tflS good physician whose one desirb is i6 lie:il th£ wouud. Regarding the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it was not our plate to; speak ; indeed, it would .ltaVe becil ..supcrtlbus hacl . it been our place .to c!o soj aftet , the. trenchant fashion in which Dr. Mborhbuse;,the Protestant Bishop of Mel- 'degrecs.strorigeV regarding Protestant children going to Ptiblib sfclibbls iii , jVictoriii .than the Catholic Bishops' regarding Catiiblic children, going to Public schools in New South Wales. And both he nnd they, ns ail must well know, were animated in so speaking by nn earnest desire to serve the comnmuity at large. To repay such disinterested kindness by cries of 1 libel ' oh Protestant children seems ns disingenuous as it is iiunfihily. ; Mbit withra spark of honest feeling would thank the Btebops for Liaving been fit so much pains to speak out on a matter of such vital national importance." I should have ima gined that these express words, repudiating any idea of giving offence, would have l»een received in the sense in which theA were uttered, but Lliey were simply ignored, and tho same accusation was brought aver and, over rfgain, as if tlic' had never been published; Takitig advantage of the occasion of laying tiie foundation -stoiic of the school at Forest Lodge, I repeated Lite same senti ments in still stronger language, and showed the world that intelligent Protcstauta who had a uiind to understand the Bishops' drift could understand it without any dilficulty. Those words of mine were published to the world in the Herald newspaper, on the lBtLi bf .OcLpijcr liist; Now; let it be borne in mind that ihc Pastoral hitler is addressed exclu sive to Catholics, and deals exclusively with Catholic children ; secondly, let it be remembered llwt the condemnation of "secularist schools" for Catholics is based upon a chain of reasoning which no one Kin interfere with without ceasing practically and IheoreLicallv to be a Christian : thirdlr. t.hnt. what applies to Catholic children in such Public schools as we have, does not apply in the same way to Protectants. So far as Catholic children are con cerned, our Public schools are secularist schools, pure and simple. Catholic children who frequent them are taught no religion in tbcni, aud receive no moral training or instruction in them. -It is against our laws for them to read the Scripture lessons, and the Bishops do not sanction the clergy visiling'such schools. Tlius the position of Catholic and Pro testant children in Public schools is not identical. Nor do the Bishops mean that the secularist schools will produce their evil fruits all at once. The Bishops were legislating in the Pastoral for the future as much «m iui uiu jficsuuL, .uiu tit » .i liiug tiie laibuiui Wltil regard to the logical moral results which, in course of time, as in America, would necessarily flow from schools without religion. If it be unlawful or wrong for the Bishops thus to speak on a matter of public and vita! interest, the occupation of the Church may be said to have gone. Mr. Alexander Gordon, in his powerful, and I think I may add, unanswerable, lecture atWaverley the other day, has quite fairly interpreted the scusc of the joint Pastoral letter with regard to the passage so strongly commented on. He says: — "Again .complaints are not infrequently made of the strong language in which the Roman Catholic prelates have condemned the Public school system, but it is- quite forgotten that to the Roman Catholic theory of education which engrafts on con- timml acts of the child's school life a distinctly religious character, nothing can be more abhorrent than a plan which ignores everything of the kind, and places itself, therefore, in continual and direct antagonism to all those instincts which the child is caugnt ny nis rcngious guiaes to cultivate And I am bj no means prepared to say that ns a matter of bard tact the injury of such a system as that of the Public schools wueii applied to the case of a Roman Catholic child iu distinction from a Protestant child, may not be such as to justify the very strongest language that has been employed. There is, indeed, no reason for the same protest on the part of the Church of Knglaud ; but, even so, the indictment which she is bound to prefer against the svstem is sufficiently weighty." Such was my second clear explanation of the meaning of the joint Pas toral letter : and I. hoped that after having thus a second time in the public prints explained what the Bishops did say, and did mean by what tlicv said, that they would have been allowed tlic privilege of being believed. But not the slightest notice was taken of iny words. Of course it is not to be ex pected that those who have no honour and no con science, and arc solely bent on keeping up what ap pears a telling cry, would forego their cry for the sake of justice. But men of high name and, I be- lieve, or unmemisncu Honour, joineu tnc chorus : and one of them, a member of the Upper House, so far forgot himself as to state from his place in Parlia ment that the Bishops declared in their Pastoral letter that infidelity was taught, immorality was taught, ami lawIessnesH was taught in the Public schools of the colony. How a gentleman of standing, after all I have said upon this subject, could make that assertion is simply beyond my power of comprehension j and here again, in the names of the Bishops of Ibis pro vince, E emphatically deny that the Pastoral declares that "infidelity is taught, immorality is taught, ami lawlessness is taught." in the Public'schools ; and 1 moreover as emphatically asiert tlml it never eronscd the brains of any mm of the Birliops to make such a stupid statement, nor did any one of the Bishops, in commenting upon the "proof" of the Pastoral letter submitted to them, ever so distantly hint that the most distorted intellect could twistany words in that document iuto such a reuse. My only way for ac counting for all the random talk and not very credit able passion poured out upon that carcfully-prcparcd UULtHM'.llli m, bl ill b Ill'Jnb JMUU.IUIJ' bliUbU 1» ilO lUJKCCl loudastend sunt widest of the mark had never read it, but contentcdthcinsclvcsin joining the general hue and cry, caring little what they said so long as they mani fested their disapproval of whatthey took for granted was as bad as it was painted. Well, this, of course, is not a very high order of statesmanship. Yet I do not believe that there gentlemen iu their calmer moments, and after having given themselves time to think, would rlo us a deliberate: injustice. I would earnestly beg of them to read that Pastoral letter themselves, to read it in the spirit in which it was writtcu, and they will not find anything in it which i« not in keening with the general teaching of the Catholic Cliuren, and in harmony with the doc- trincs which she has inculcated from the first. The Bishop?, in publishing it to their people, were fulfill ing a sacred trust. They had no wish or iutcution Lo hurt the feelings of any section of the community. They had to preach tho gospel as delivered to tiiem. Aa was said tho other night by one who is the leader of the groat Anglican community, "The .Syllabus appeared before the Pastoral. The leaching'of tho infallible Pope must be followed by the disciple, be ho lay or cleric, and the Pastoral is but an attempt to apply and carry into effect in New South Wales the principles propounded by the Vatican." Had the Bishops minimised their touching, they would have been out 'of perfect har mony with the general action of their Church. As to tny being Killed a firebrand, £ will bring out my thought by reference to a splendid passage in "a speech on reform by John Bright. He says : 41 These opponents of ours, many of them in Parliament openly, and many of them secretly in the Press, have charged us with being the promoters of a dangerous excitement. They say we are the source of tho dangor which threatens; they have absolutely the effrontery to charge me with being the frieud of public disorder. J. iuu one of the people. .Surely, if there be one thing in a free country more dear than another it is that any one of the people may speak openly to the people. If I speak to the people of their rights and indicate to them the way to secure them — if I speak of their danger to the monopolists of power — am I not a wise counsellor both to the people and their rulers : .Suppose I stood at tlic footof V cftimua or Etna, and. seeing a hamlet or-u homestead planted on its slope. 1 said to the dwellers in that hamlet or in that homestead. 4 Von see that vapour which ascends from the summit of that moun tain : that vapour may become a dense, black smoke I hat will obscure the skv. ou see that trickling of lava from the crevice? or fissures on the side ot the mountain : that trickling of lava may become a river of fire. Ton bear the muttering in the bowels of the mountain : that muttering may become a bellowing thunder, the voice ot a violent convulsion that may shake half a continent. Ton know that at your feet is the grave of great cities tor which there in no re surrection. as history lolls us that dynasties and aristocracies have passed away, and their name has been known no mure forever. If I rnv litis to tho dwellers upon mc Mop. oi lite mountain, and if there comes heiealter a catastrophe which makes Ihc world to shudder, ani l n sponsible for that catastrophe? Did 1 Lintd the mountain or fill It with exph.Mve iiH'tei nils i I merely warned the men that were in mincer, c-u, now. it is nut J who am stimulating men to the violent pursuit ot their acknowledged constitutional nchtr. We are merely about our lawful business, and you are the citizens of u country that calls itself free, vet von are citizens to whom is denied the greatest and the first blessing of the Con stitution under which vou Jive. If the truth murt be told, tho Inrv oartv is the turbulent parly of tins nation. Yes, if tlic truth must lie told, the Tory party — that is to say, the Secularist party — is the turbulent party of Huh nation. 1 have spoken to the people of their rights, aud I have pointed out lo the Government, to thorc in power, their danger, not indeed of a violent exploHion, hut of an unceaKing, undying agitation which will coutiuuo to appeal with a thouoand tougucK till justice ih done to the Irish people und their children. You all know, tho world knows what their faith is to them; it ih tho light of their eyes aud the £jn4' b'f h'WrtV c\'S rt iff nn' undying dfh\ vhvme3' t|n?..vcry texturq of their religion'/ How peefc wij/.jn th»S|frQtf cpunjfry iflnVely. iJ htomt to the inaigmty or being finea/or, a? .Judgq. Yaiu ifaj'i/ robbed, because they educate their, young opes ac- cording.to, thpir,(cohscicncc ? Air\ I responsible, for the dceA rcsciitnwiit, that r i n gs n p' s on ta ne o u ffly in the Irish heart' wli'ph faith aiicV, their ciril. and religious libcrty.arc tVamplctl oil,? Did I build the mountain, .or fill it wiUiV..explo?i>:. materials ? 44 Those who have studied closely the , his tory and:, the character of the Irish people," says Lccky," -"can, hqrdly fai'l to be struck irlih the deep respect for. sincere /cligipn in every form, which they have qommpnly eyj'ncgtV. . Their original con version to Christianity was jwqVhbVy, accompanied .by less violence and bloodshed than tli.it of liny equally considerable nation, in- Europe, and in spiU-'cMltc fearful calamities that followed the Reformation, it is a memorable fact that liot n single Protestant suffered for his religion , in Ireland during all the period of the -Marfan persecution in England. The treatment of Zedcll during the savage outbreak of IfMI.and the Act establishing liberty of conscience, passed by the Irish Parliament of in the full flush of the brief Catholic ascendancy under James II., exhibit very remarkably this aspect of the Irish character ; nnd it was displayed in another lorm, scnrcclv less rivtiliv, uuring tnc vuaxcr mis- ftiofijq fvhlch began towards the close of the Common wealth,- and continued with link intermission for two generations." Lot uiG Implore those who have it in their power to avert the pciJOCUtlon that is impending, to read the history of tlii? great people. Having done so, thev will say to themselves; uft'rt so gmicrous, so forgiving, having so large a heart ; a ra'cc tc'lt Ii23 hf\ so many sorrows, such a national heart-breaking — riot fb'r vf snr'Jiij gain— but for conscience sake this race has sftJrcffia enough ; tho only people in whose history not one stogie page is stained' with the blood of religious Ftrife.-.fbnll now, in this free land, find peace." Yes, give Chfc'iu peftCc Of uoimcencc, that peace which t lie wofld cart oy Pniiintf tfwif (.'hildren on an cqualiiy .with othcre; alHibfjgh fhey oMMk to, and are to be sfrictly brought tip' iff tb£ old ifc'Hgkn; Fine them, not; ill-'u'se tlifc'm not; hccafce tfi&v; nr6' so tenacious of tlkir Catholic fsti£lu Achnitflf th6tn, love them, rnvoronrf thorn' for it i and in the fc'brfupt aild iniiciel tendency of th:o age encourage a people all you can that still clings to the. old forms, and loves to worship at the old'altars. But it may ud Urged that, it would,' after all, be a benefit to the colony if the Catholic religion were gradually cleared away ; and if it died out, as the Denominational schools are He says : — " Religious convictions during the long oppression of the eighteenth century sank deeply into the minds of the people. In the upper classes the tendencies of the times, the profligacy of public life; and the great number who went through a nomi nal conversion; in order to secure an estate, or to enter a profession, gradually -lowered the theological temperature ; but it was otherwise with the poor. They clung to their old faith with a constancy that has never been surpassed during generations of the most galling persecution,at a time when every earthly motive urged them to abandon it — when all the attraction and influence of prosperity and rank and professional eminence and education were arrayed against it. They voluntarily suyjo'fte.T.thfcirj.'rieat- hood with an unwearying zeal when they were themselves sunk in the most abject poverty, when tho agonies of starvation were continually before them. They had their reward. Tho legislator, abandoning the hopeless task of crushing a religion that was so cherished, contented himself with providing that those who held it should never rise to influence or wealth, and the penal laws were at last applied almost exclusively to this ed. Conversion to Catholicism was a criminal offence, and was sometimes punished as such, but in the darkest neriod of the ncnal laws not a few of the scattered Protestant poor lapsed into Catholicism." So far for the people; now what of the priests ? "Were they made of the same stubborn stuff? " The zeal," says Lecky, " with which they maintained the religious life of their flocks during the long period of persecution is beyond all praise. In the very dawn of the Reformation in Ireland, Spencer had contrasted the negligence of the ' idle ministers ' — creatures of a corrupt patronage — who, ' having the livings of the country opened uuto them, without pains and without peril, will neither for any love of God, nor for zeal for religion, nor for all the good they may do-by winning soujs to God; be drawn forth from their warm nests to look out into' God's harvest,' with 'the zeal of Popish priests, who spare not to come out of Spain, from Rome,and from Remes, by long toil and dangerous travelling hither, where they know peril of death awaiteth them, and no reward or riches is to be found, only to draw people into the Church of Rome.' The same firm zeal was displayed by the Catholic priesthood in the days of the Crom- wellian persecution, and during all the long period of the penal laws. Their singular freedom from moral scandals has been admitted by the most malevolent of their detractors. The strength of their principles was sufficiently shown by their almost unanimous refusal of the abjuration oath, and by the extreme paucity of conversions amongst them at a time when a large reward was offered for the apostasy of a priest." I ask then — Have not the generous Irish people suffered enough at English hands ? Is it politic, is it wise to irritate them just in that one thing which they love best, and regarding which they are so deeply sensitive ? Is it worthy, is it not folly, to imagine that what the pressure of penal times could not effect, could be effected in a free country in this nineteenth century? Let them have peace and rest and freedom and equality at last, that noble, generous people which never retaliated by religions persecution upon those who had so ruthlessly perse cuted them. Let the fair sun shine upon all united, happy, and contented jiuoplej and if n large and powerful section of the community so strongly desire such a system of education as the mother country has adopted, why refuse so reason able a demand ? They do not desire to touch your schools ; they are content to let you have your way, why not permit them to have theirs? There is tio country in the world so free as England. Iter prin ciples on education are thcudmirntiuu of all free men. When the French Government was preparing to per secute Catholic education in France, Professor Mirart and a host of leading English scientific gentlemen protested against the proposed tyranny in memorable words, which it would he well for every man and woman in the colony to ponder on. In this public protest these gentlemen say.:— "All the inhabitants ot this country, whether native or foreign, are free at open a school at their own expense, and tench, and may associate together to teach at their will and pleasure, provided they do not offend against public morals in the ordinary sense of that term. Ail Englishmen have the right of educating their children in schools of their own choice, and of supporting and making use of strictly Denominational schools, taught by their own freely-chosen teachers. Englishmen would think the abolition of their free dom an intolerable hardship. »So scrupulous is the English Government in this respect thai it nut only abstains from interference wilh voluntary schools, but even makcu to smell voluntary schools as will submit lo public inypscLion, iarge grants, while allowing them full religious freedom. Thus nnj'j even asmall religious body, which haa schools of ita own inspected by Government, rcmaiiib free to appoint or remove teachers, and to choose books to ho used for religious instruction. Each euch body also remains free lo train its own masters nnd mistresses in ita own traiuingflcliools, while State am is grained proportion to uie rceiut actueveuj which may amount to half tho total cost." In one word, - schools and training colleges in England are assisted by the State on the principle of payment by results, it is for this British freedom and 'fair play that we contend. The method is English mul equit able, and it would satisfy the Catholic body. Wc must keep our children, and we must iiot be fiaecd at a disadvantage for doing so. And f, ttirouyh pressure, wc are obliged to choose between the two, we. must not hesitate, wc must keep the children. Thin is tho pivot, mark you, my friends, on which the whole question turns. They who gut hold of the children win the battle. Those who secure the children secure the army of the future, and have the training of the soldiers of the future. If we let our children slip out of our hands, iu a few generations Christianity will be but the ghost, the empty mockery of what it was. The old Paganisms will take possession of the world, intensi fied by modern refinements and the vices of the nineteenth century. The enemy know as well ns wc know, that all depends upon the one cardinal question: Who has the children? The new iuiquitous Bill is so framed as to con strain, by every artful device, Catholic parents to give over their offspring to that method of train ing which, fiually, will rob them of all their Catholic insf.iuHs. and of that precious gift of God, their Catholic faith. The lowering of fees, the establish ment of grammar schools, without help to us ; the ruthless dcAtruclion of our denominational schools— - in what direction does this vandalism point? It points clearly as a linger-post in one distinct direc tion, towards driving the children of the great Angli can communion and of the Catholic Church bodilv over to the non-conformists. What, then, is our paramount duty in this great crisis ? We have two duties to perform. What is of first, of most most momentous importance, is lo keep : Catholic children to Catholic schools. At any price, at any sacrifice, do thiB ; cost it what it will, still determine before the great God of heaven that you will protect those helpless souls for which our Redeemer died. Let not our opponents get hold of one of them. Look upon each single one gone as ono that is lost. Next, strive all vou can for your rights —for fair play, such ns is found in England. Rest not til! justice is done vou. It may not be done to-day or to-morrow, hut finally it will he done. Our fellow colonists will sec what we arc aiming at. nt keeping the grent Christian religion from being poisoned, and trow dvmg gradual' out. thev will, J reel certain of it, kmdlv help us and nclp themselves ; and wc shall eventiiafly feel that we an: living in a free countrv. free men who are no longer punished, and practically fineo for bringing up Catholic children in thoroughly Catholic schools. And whilst insisting in every lawful wav on our full rights, let lit stand by the great Anglican body, whose spokesmen lias lately dwelt with such depth of feeling, and m such a Christian spirit on the necessities of the religious education of the young. Mr. Bude- land is num. \\\ c shall not not. he found wanlintr in the (lav ot trial. Mark every man who vote.s on the :toilh clause. Remember that a day of account will inevitably come. Let us return no more had Catholics to Larhaimnt to trade on tho Catholic name and disgrace the Catholic cause. Lot us support cood true Catholics and liberal Frolestauts. like Mr. Tooth, who will stand up for Denominational schools, or for payment by results. Surely the Catholic Church and the Chuich of England, who. here, at all events, have u common cause — nowever they may otherwise pro foundly nitter — can stand four square in strength and save the Christian relnnon in the land. There are thousands upon thousands wlioare with us, UuuisaudH who raise up their voices for ns m this great stniifgle for our Master; and if wc are aM onlv true to Hnn, to ourselves, and to one another, we shall inevitably gain all we want — equality with mir fellow- colonit-ta. aud the remonstrance oi the Christian religion m this land. Now, I have nearly done. I have shown you clearly that it was not the Bishops hub tho tiecuhirisln who- began TIub great contest ; that our gricvuuce is no crotchet, unworthy of sympathy, but one of pi'ofouodret import, and gtotriiig out of the fundamental teaching; I hate jjffWJ thttG tliotlgh.I do not myself profess to boa p'olitidaft,-! fiifi to Catholic archbishop of tho Church oLG6a, \G10s9 pi/litiV H h to preach the full Gospel of ChMJf; and t'o'fislsiis In preaching that Gosr'61 Abt onlv rft but out of 1 Reason,, libt .ofil" g$o7l feftyfc LWfc iiVFli rtWG I ! have sli'owii1 yoii thai. tJHr (&tfthdli;£ 'Bffchftift oi fhfe colony have not ftisul ted or .ftf.JWfft UrtCfcel logs ot their fcllovy-colohisis 2 biit thef ' ing an ,dAW C6' tlid best of their ability <0 ihSs flock confided tjo !!teir .6aW. .And, finally; .1 hffttf i pointer! out the' .cln fiuV of tli Irish people f to the gciicrositr of hVy .cofli'tfd&toV; afid hare 1 shown how so stiuibpiju a. faith as thd/a jjftohnht. be, . rooted oat of tho c:i'rth' fiy /iny kind of uiftiuiACl$L< ! that may be infiiffteff Upon thduV. , Then I siiggCfiT'x! 1 that the English systcflV hbnld: ,be admitted, , at | least for Catholics,' of paymdfil hy results.- This wauld give pcaco/aud jiclp to nreserYC Christiaiiity in this land of our adoption.".; Iiow are yon iv obtain this act of justice? Xhero are three; things that J strongly recommend : — A iVffW?ral temperance move ment through the colony ; for u CMholic uuSn nnd women kept from .public-houses they FonTR soon sec the Tmerioufl necessity of keeping SVnr children from F?blj.o schools. Secondly, that every, man, woman, and cni.u j. capable of doing so should go regularly to 'confcs»"i6F/ and nlnco them- selves in tue grace 01 uou, tor 1 .canuo rm/«To the Master's blcssing.will attend those wfiu'fi' sciences are perhaps black with mortal sin. Thirdly —I say, join, every one of vou, the education union that is being established, or shortly will be established throughout the length and, breadth of the colony. Union is strength, and. if all of yon live sober lives :mu have the grace -of God in your hearts, and the holy fear of Him before 3'fitor eves, nnd if you are united. I will answer for it, many yr«rs will not pass before the great Catholic body in this free i.!i>«l obtains that uiiitfn'jififlilon from political slavery under to'hich, at present, parily,- ! miserably groans. 1 loo/; fV be advancement and the interests of the colony. I love of my adop- tion, and hope to- spend myself, and ItfVfspffMtjln maintaining in my place and according1 i'J MF measure that sentiment of universal brotberhfo'q thai spirit of loyal freedom, and that obedience to t lie Coufftittftioft ntaOrtjfsl my j»cople, which are earnests of the Mitffc tfrtrshtfriff and greatness of n nation. The school qtiftfiitfj- iff '.ffWIfit! importance, of para mount concern, beeausS t.toi R thins as oft n pivot, tlic future destinies of this great c'GWitt"?) Aud crowning victory or absolute defeat and collapsC will .depend upon the nns#cr to a simple question — Who waa it that succeeded iff gtri'iVg hold of the children ? 