SECOND COURT. Before the CHIEF JUSTICE, The Solicitor-General (Mr. R. P. Adams) con- ducted the prosecution on behalf of the Crown, MURDER. Thomas Chalk was charged with having on the 25th day of December, 1878, feloniously, wilfully, and of malice aforethought, killed and murdered one James Sparks, at Port Esperance, in Tasmania. Plea, not guilty. The prisoner being undefended by counsel, Mr. A. I. Clark, who volunteered, was, with his consent assigned for the duty by the court. The following jury was empanelled,-C. H. T. Marretti (foreman), John Holmes, John Rowlands, Samuel Biggins, Joshua Charles Hamilton, George Stamford, Alfred Pearce, Joseph Lester, John Gan- field, William Whittington, James Peet, and V. R. L. Elliston. The name of Richard Hanlow was called, but he was challenged by the Crown. The SOLICITOR GENERAL opened the case, and called the following witnesses :— Thomas Connoly, landlord of'the Dover Hotel, Port Esperance, deposed that he knew both the prisoner and deceased were at his house together on Christmas day last. They came to it about one, o clock. Other persons were also present with them. Both were drinking beer, each paying his share. Saw no quarrel between them, or angry words. They appeared to be on good terms with each other. They left together about a quarter to six o'clock about, tea- time or just before it. Prisoner took a away a small flank of brandy. He was dressed in black coat and hat ; and light trousers, similar to those produced by Chief District Constable Lambert. Prisoner came again next morning for a drink about ten o'clock. To Mr. Clark : The men were sober when they came to his house. The prisoner was easily excited. Two or three pints of beer would cause him to be so. He was also sober the next morning. Sparks was not so easily affected by liqour. When they left overnight they were bothunder the influence of drink, but Clark was the worst of the two, he was drunk. Mr. Adams ; And yet you gave him a bottle of brandy to take away with him ! Witness : I did not know what he wanted it for. To His Honor : Prisoner was absent on business, paying some passage money for his sister, during a portion of the afternooon, and told Sparks wait for him and Sparks did so, and they afterwards left together. Cornelius Paterson, employed by Mr. Andrew- artha, at Port Esperance, was present at the inquest upon the body of deceased, which was held at the Dover Hotel. Was also at the hotel on Christmas Day, leaving about seven o'clock as near as as he recollect, having only been there about five minutes. Overtook Sparks, who was standing still waiting for prisoner, about 40 yards from the hotel. Almost directly prisoner came along, and they all went on together towards home. Went together for about half -a-mile, Sparks and prisoner seeming as if they had had a glass or two; though still accountable for their actions, and appar- on good terms with one another Witness wanted to go faster and left them behind. He left them three or four hundred yards from Mr. Chapman's house Between it and the hotel. To Mr. Clark : I lived at Mr. Andrewartha's so did prisoner and Sparks, but we all had separate cottages. I never knew them to quarrel.-Re-examined ; While they were all together they met prisoner's sister going towards the hotel. Prisoner wanted her to go back home, but she refused, He seemed to be dreadfully put out, and got quite in a passion about it, and began to swear. Sparks said noth- ing to the girl,-To HIS HONOR : Other people were with her. They were all going to a dance together. After; leaving the girl prisoner a little behind, and Sparks £ßn witness what the temper was all about, Prisoner had said before that he would not work for money 'to let her go to dances with. Elizabeth Chapman, wife of David Chapman, of Port Esperance, deposed : Their house was just off the road leading from the Dover Hotel to Mr. Andrew- artha's. Near eight o'clock on the evening of Christ- mas Day was standing with her husband at the window and saw two people down on the road fighting. Did not know who it was until she got a telescope, and then saw it was was prisoner in the act of rising from ground. Saw Sparks lying on the ground and also get up after the prisoner got off him. Sparks moved towards home, but prisoner squared up to him. Sparks kept on and prisoner turned in the opposite direction. Witness then turned away to her work again. To Mr. CLARK ; Saw Sparks distinctly, he was not fighting. Could not see any blood. To HIS HONOR: The house was close to the road. The scuffle was about 13o yards from it, between it and Connolley's hotel. David Chapman, husband of this witness, and a miller at Port Esperance, corroborated his wife's evi- dence, and added that, he saw prisoner striking Sparks violently for a minute or so, apparently on the head, witness recognised both prisoner, who was very noisy, and whom he knew well, and Sparks who was refusing a contest. Sparks came on towards the house of witness and prisoner went towards the hotel and went behind a bush. Prisoner then came out and returned «gr Sparks, when witness regonised him. The next about a mile further on, in a lonely place commonly called "Ghost's Gully." To Mr. CLARK : There was a lot of blood on a log near where they found the body, and the breast of the corpse was pretty well covered with hair from his beard. Re- examined: Sparks was about 60 years of age, and feeble. His hair was grey and his beard white. A stick was lying near the body with hair mid blood attached to it James Bradshaw, deposed that his house was situated on tho road near where the body of deceased was fuund, about 100 yards from Mr. Chapman's. On the evening of Christmas Day saw prisoner standing on the road, and Sparks getting up from the ground where he had been lying. Also saw the further proceedings described by Mr. Chapman. Did not see prisoner over-take Sparks. TO HIS HONOR : Did not see prisoner square up to Sparks. Saw him putting out his hand and drawing them back again. To MR. CLARK : Prisoner seemed to beckon to Sparks to come with him. Did not hear him speak, as it was blowing and raining hard. Did not see any blood. Thomas Langley, in the employment of Mr. Arthur- artha deposed that pihoner came to his cottage about 10 o'clock on Christmas night, and offered him some brandy to drink out of a bottle, saying it was the best cognac. Prisoner appeared to have had plenty to drink, but was not intoxicated, as he could walk. It was too dark to see his clothes. Eliza Brown, residing at Port Esperance, was on the road between the Dover Hotel and Mr. Andrewartha's (with whom she was living) on the morning of the 26th December. Was going from Mr. Andrewartha's when she, saw the body of deceased, lying at the side of the road. Witness ran after Mr. Andrewartha, who had just passed her, and told him it was there, Mary Careless was with her. Wm. Henry Andrewartha, proprietor of sawmills at Port Esperance, deposed that the prisoner and the deceased man Sparks were, in his, employment on Christmas Day, last. Sparks was in his employment about 15 years; and was not latterly a heavy drinker. He had a little money in the bank, and was fairly off. Had seen sovereigns in the hands of his wife. On the morning of, the 26th December the girl Brown told bim that the body was lying on the road. When he saw it he sent for a constable. Upon viewing the body, it was lying on the hillside, head upwards. The hill is at an angle of 30 degrees. One leg was straight, and the other over a short block of timber. The head, was reclining towards the left shoulder. Vest and shirt and trousers were open, the pockets of the latter being, turned inside out. The face was violently bruised. A cut was across the nose, and the lip was split. The body was not touched until the constable arrived, excepting myself and Mr. Chapman putting our hands upon it to see if it was cold. Nothing was, however, displaced. Constable Daly came, and the body was turned over, and witness then saw a wound under the left ear, and the marks of a blow upon the left ear. Had the body removed to an outhouse, where he kept, it until it was handed to District Constable Hayes. Returned to the spot again to examine it, and found five,or six red hairs, which he judged to be whisker, hairs, near where the body had lain. Could see no, footmarks, as it had been raining heavily. The hairs produced he believed to be the same. (The hairs were handed to the jury for examination.) Also found a small piece of linen in a pool of blood under where the, left ear of deceased had rested. It appeared to have been torn out of the collar of deceased. The stick pro- duced was also found near the place. Noticed blood, upon it, and grey hairs corresponding with those of the deceased. There was no ill-feeling between the men. They were often together, and seemed to pro- tect one another. To Mr. Clark: The ground was hard where the body was found. Deceased was a blacksmith, and earned 5s. 6d. a day. He was feeble and could only do a light day's work, but that was all that was required of him. To His Honor : No other road led from his house to Port Esperance. All round. was thick bush. James Daly, constable in the Territorial Police, de- posed that he was called to see the body of deceased. He described its position and the appearance of the stick, incorroboration of Mr. Andrewartha's statement His attention was drawn to the stick, which was six feet from the body. Found some red hairs on the waistcoat of deceased, apparently hairs of the same colour as prisoner's beard. Witness saw the prisoner, on the road near the body. He had come to see it with the other people. Told him he was suspected, of the murder, and had been seen with deceased., Asked him if he was with deceased at the Dover Hotel. He replied, he did not know. Asked if Sparks left with him, and what time he got home, and he said he did not know. All that he knew was that he found himself in bed at his own house. Witness then told him he must arrest him on the charge of murder. Prisoner said he would go with him if he was only a mouse. On the way to the station he said that, if he did it, he did it in his madbrained temper whilst drunk. Went to prisoner's hut on the 27th, and found outside the coat (produced) hanging on a bush. Noticed blood-stains on the back of it, and on the sleeves. Also found the shirt (produced) on the bed post. There were marks of blood on the sleeves, and they were wet, as if it had been washed. Also found an empty brandy-bottle in prisoner's hut, and a blood stained rag (produced). Was present at the inquest, and produced the things there. Prisoner said the blood on the coat came fiom his eye, which had been cut. Prisoner showed the cut at the inquest. To Mr. Clark : When prisoner came to the body, he came from the direction of the hotel. He had on none of the clothing produced in Court, all of which was found at his residence. D.C. Hayes deposed to taking the body from Mr. An- drewartha's to the hotel. Witness produced two hairs which he had found between the forefinger and thumb of the deceased. They are sandy in colour, not grey. The hand of the deceased was clenched. C.D.C. Lambert, stationed at Franklin had made the plan (produced) of thr road from measurement. From the Dover Hotel to Mr. Chapman's was 58 chains ; from Mr. Chapman's to Mr. Bradshaw's was 10 chains; from Mr. Chapman's to the place where teo body was found, 92 chains; and from Mr. Brad- shaw's to the samo place, 82 chains. From the same place to Langley's, on Mr. Andrewartha's premises,was 78½ chains or nearly a mile. From Mr. Chapman's to the scene of the first struggle was 130 yards. Alfred Shaw, legally qualified medical piactitionor, living at Franklin, by direction of the coroner, made an examination of the body of deceased on December 27\. The face was one mass of contusions and bruises, and literally totally smashed in as if by a stone or other heavy instrument. There was an incised cut over the left eye-brow, and a punctured wound on the left cheek. The under lip was split as if by a blow forcing it on to the teeth. Did not think either wound was done with a knife, but by some such instrument as a stake. They were jagged and not clean enough for a knife. The throat showed the cartilages of the windpipe crushed in such a way, as to show that this was the cause of death, with a blue mark our the left side of the windpipe and three heavier ones on the left side, showing that the man must have been, throttled and by a righthanded man. The cause of death was strangulation, committed, he believed after incapacity had been induced by the blows, Compared the hair of deceased with those on the stick and believed them to be from the same head. Both were grey. The stains on the shirt were half blood and half water, as if they had been half washed away. It was still, wet when he saw them. These stains were on the left sleeve. He did not notice the light one. The stains on the coat were also of dried blood in several places. The stains on the rag and linen pro- duced also looked like old blood stains. Could find out with a microscope, but had no reason to doubt their being stains from human blood. To Mr.Clark : Death from strangulation was sufficiently evident without examining internally. This was always the case. A post mortem was not considered necessary. Death could not have been caused by his falling against a log. The back of the skull was not injured. To HIS HONOR : The marks of the windpipe could not have been caused by self- infliction, and could not have been the result of accident. D.C. Hayes, recalled, recognised the small piece of linen which he found had been torn the band of the shirt worn by deceased, corresponding with a deficiency in that garment (produced.) Mr. CLARK addressed the jury, arguing that there was no proof of deliberate malice or intention of murder even if they were convinced that there was evidence that the death was caused by violence, and Hint that violence had been traced to the hands of the prisoner. The prisoner and deceased were on friendly terms, and no one could tell what took place between them. There were signs that the deceased had stuggled with the prisoner, and that it was a drunken fight in which he died, without any deliberate intention on the part of the prisoner, who would have used the knife be had in his pocket, if he had meant violence. The doctor's evidence was certainly not of a reliable character, nor had he done his duty as a legally qualified medical practitioner in not making an internal examination in a matter of life and death like the present. The prisoner was a man of good character, and the solo support of his two sisters, and certainly not the man to commit such a crime as was preferred against him, an act for which no, motive had been shown. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL pointed out in reply, that the facts of the case were not disputed by the defence -neither the identity of the prisoner with the assail- ant, nor the identity the hair found on the body of the deceased with that of the prisoner. The learned counsel, in fact, admitted that the death of the deceased was caused by the prisoner in some way or other, asking them to give the prisoner the benefit of the doubt, and bring a verdict of' manslaughter. Mr. Clark nodded assent to this statement. attack was not one of a momentary impulse, but, after the prisoner had turned back after his sister, he again turned and followed the old man whose body was found in a solitary place, having evidently been beaten in a frightful manner with the stick to which his hair had adhered, the death being finally brought about by strangulation. It was not for the Crown to show the motive for the crime, but for the defence to show some reason for reducing the verdict to one of manslaughter. HIS HONOR, addressing the jury, said that the questions for their consideration had been very fairly put before them by the counsel for the defendant. Taking the second question first-Did James, Sparks come to his death by violence ;-there could be no reasonable doubt that this was the case and that the violence could not have been caused by accident, or self- inflicted. The doctor had told them this, but they had hardly required that he should tell them so. The next point was to whether the act, Whoever it was committed by amounted to wilful murder. The law stated that every homicide is taken to be murder until it was shown, by the accused person, to be other- wise. It lies upon the man who has killed the other to show such circumstance that would cause the offence not to be one of murder-other as justified by self defence or by provocation received. No such circumstances had been laid before them in this case from which they could draw such inference, and they must say that whoever committed the act of homicide, was guilty of murder. The most important question for them to consider was whether the prisoner at the bar was the man who committed the act. There was no direct evidence of this, as no one saw him do it but they must draw their inference from the facts that had been laid before them, and consider whether they were of such a nature as to warrant-to compel them to- the conclusion that the prisoner was the man. His Honor then went through the evidence with special regard to this point, and in conclusion, pointed out with regard to the injuries, being wilfully inflicted, that to make any injuries causing death to amount to manslanghter only, they must be caused by some sudden provocation. No provocation could excuse such injuries were recieved by the deceased man Sparks ; which were from their description wil- fully inflicted and cruel. The jury then retired, and after half-an-hour's con- siiltation, returned into court with a verdict of not guilty. The prisoner was discharged. BURGLARY. Ellen Hands was charged with having, on the 8th day, of April, burglarioualy entered the nurses' quarters at the General Hospital, described in the indictment as a dwelling house of Her Majesty the Queen, and stolen there from certain articles of wearing apparel. On a second count she was charged with receiving the same. Plea, not guilty. The following jury were empannelled :-James Gain, John Eaton (foreman), Edward Rainberg, Richard Hanslow, Lewis Luckman, Herny James Marsh, Alfied Nichol, William Alfred Webb, William Trif- fett, Thos. Goldsmith, John Calvert, Robert McGowan. The case was heard at the City Police Court, on the 20th December. The nurses' quarters were broken into in April, 1878 ; and the articles were traced to the possession of the prisoner, through some pawn tickets which were left by her with her landlady. The case appeared from the evidence to have been rendered complete by June, 1878, the time when Hands was summarily convicted of a charge of larceny, and sentenced to six month's imprisonment. The charge was not, however, brought against her until she was discharged in December at the end of her sentence, when she was re-arrested. The witnesses having been examined as follows :-Charlotte Kirk, the owner of the property stolen ; Ebenezer Thomas, a pawnbroker's clerk, engaged at the shop where the articles were pledged ; Frances Thompson, the landlady ; and De- tectives Connor and Simpson. His Honor, in summing up, pointed out that there was no evidence of burglary, as it had not been shown that the dwelling house belonged to the Queen. There waa still, however, the charge of stealing, and the pawn tickets for the articles stolen had been clearly traced to the prisoner through her landlady, Mrs. Thompson. That point he would leave with the jury, to decide, if the evidence was sufficiently strong, to point to the prisoner as the thief. His Honor then animadverted strong terms upon the conduct of the 'Detectives, who when the, charge was ripe decision. in June, had waited until December, when the prisoner had been released from gaol, after serving another sentence, before they had arrested her, and preferred this charge against her. He spoke of this because a judge, standing in a position uninfluenced by either fear or favour, was the person to call attention to anything of this kind which appealed to call for the attention of the authorites. It might be that it was allright, but he could not see that the police were, war- ranted, keeping a case back in this way until it pleased them to bring it forward, making themselves the judges whether the sentences for the two offences should be cumulative or concurrent. It appealed to be a very fit subject for further enquiries by the proper authorities. The juryjthen retired and returned into court after five minute's absence. Verdict, guilty of larceny. The prisoner, in answer to the usual question, said that she had already been three months, in gaol, awaiting her trial, and pleaded for a lenient sentence on that account. His Honor, in passing sentence, said that he should, deal with the prisoner as if she had been committed to the next sittings of the court after the offence could have been piovod. From her character he found that she had been originally sent out to the colony for stealing clothes ; and that she had served three other sentences passed, within the colony for similar offences. With such a character, she would have been in the ordinary way sentenced to two or three years, imprison- ment ; but the other circumstances being considered, she would now be sentenced to eighteen months only. The Court then rose till this morning at ten o'clock. 