fears-.-.-.-.-,--. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION in DANGER ' NATIONAL and in PUBLIC SCHOOLS." ' 7-2.-, IV. MOUNT CARMEL SCHOOL. The first idea which suggests itself to any one visiting the school at Mount Connel, is that its situation 13 an extremely bad one. It is nothing better than a sand- hill, and is the one miserable spot in a very interesting locality. The cold winds in winter must be very clia comforting, if not injurious, to the children, while in summer, the hot westerly winds, laden with the sand which is profusely spread around, must prove even a greater affliction. There is nothing in the shape of a playground for the boys, who consequently have to disport themselves in the sand, but the girls are better off, for they have something in the form of a playground. The children were marshalled outside and inspected, chiefly, it seemed, with respect to their hands and faces and boots, those who displayed untidiness in those particulars being marked for subsequent punishment, The first business, after the children had been marched to their desks in the school, was the caning of several boys who had been adjudged guilty of dirty boots, for which offence two "slaps" appear to be the usual penalty. Then began the religious exercises. These consisted, in the first place, of examinations in Butler's Third Catechism, of book which, we were informed by the teacher, has only recently been brought into use. The children are all supplied with copies, and the purpose of religious instruction seems to be served by committing it to memory. There were about 280 or 240 children in the" school, boys and girls, seated in four rows of desks, with the exception of the infant class, numbering 20 or 30 little ones, who sat on low forms in one corner of the room. Each class went through its examination in the catechism independently. Thus, the first-class was occupied with the first lesson; the lower second, with the first and second lessons ; the upper second, with the seventh lesson and the third and fourth, which sat as one class, with the twelfth lesson. The infants were put to rehearsing the prayers. in order that the service may be thoroughly understood, we quote the lessons in which the children were examined : " Lesson On God and the Creation of the "World. "Question. Who made the World Answer. God. " Q. Who is God s-A. The Creator and Sovereign Lord of heaven and earth and of all things. " Q. How many Gods are there? There is but one God, who will reward the good and punish the wicked. " Q. Where is Sod fIA. God is everywhere, but is said I principally to be in heaven, where he manifests himself to the blessed. " Q. What is heavens. The kingdom of God's glory and of his angels and saints. " Q. If God be everywhere, why do we not see him A. Because Cod is a pure spirit, having no body, and there- to! e cannot be seen with corporal eyes. " Q. Does God see us A. He does, ''and continually watches over us. " Q. Does God know all things s-A. Yes ; all things are naked and open to His eyes, even our most secret thoughts and actions. (Hob. iv. 13.) "Q. Will God judge our most secret thoughts and notions? A. Yes; and every idle word that men shall speak, they shall render an account for it in the day of judgment. (Matt. xii. 36.) "Q. Had God a beginning A. No; He always was and always will be. "Q. Gnu God do all things? A. Yes; with God all things are possible and nothing can be difficult to Him. (Matt. xix. 28.) " Q. How did God make the world s-A. Of nothing, and by His word only that is, by a single act of His all powerful will. " Q. Why did God make the world s-A. For His own glory, to show His power and wisdom, and for man's use and benefit. (Ps. xxvii.) " Lesson ILES-On Man, and the end of his Creation. "Q. What is mania. One of God's creatures, composed of a body and soul, and made to God's likeness. " Q. In what is man made to God's likeness s-A. In his soul. " Q. In what is man's soul like to God s-A. In being a spirit and immortal, and in being capable of knowing and loving God. "What do you mean when you say the soul is immortal ? -A. I mean that it can never die. " Q. Why did God give us souls capable of knowing; and loving son s-A. That we might fulfil the end for which he made us. " Q. For what end did God make us s-A. To know and serve him here on earth, and after to see and enjoy him for ever in heaven. " Q. How can we know God on earth s-A. By learning the truths he has taught. "Q. Where shall we find the truths God has taught? A. They are chiefly contained in the Apostle's Creed. Lessons VALE-On Jesus Christ, "c. "Q. Did Christ become man immediately after the trans- gression of our first parents s-A. No ; though he was immediately promised to them as a Redeemer. (Gon. iii. IS.) "Q. How many years after the full of our first parents and Christ become man ?- A. About four thousand years. " Q. How could they be saved who lived before Christ became man s-A. By the belief of a Redeemer to come ; and by keeping the commandments of God. " Q". On what day did Christ become man s-A. On the twenty-fifth of March, the day of the Annunciation. He was conceived by the Holy Ghost. (Apostles' Creed.) " Q. Why is it called the day of Annunciation s-A. Because on that day the angel Gabriel announced to the Virgin Mary-: Behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, trad shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus.' (Luke. 31.) "Q. On what day was Chris! born of the Virgin Mary A On Christmas day, in a stable at Bethlehem. " Q. How long did Christ live on earth s-A. About thirty-three years ; he led a most holy life, in poverty and sufferings. , ? '. . _ _ " Q. Why did Christ live so long on earth To show, us the way to heaven by his instructions and example. . " Q. How did Christ and his life's. On Good Friday he was crucified on Mount Calvary, and died, remedies , cross. (Apostles' Creed.) - , , ,.,_,. , ' " Q. Why do you call that day good on which Christ ! HtSeretl so painful and ignominious a death s-A. Because ' on that day, by dying on the cross, he showed the excess it is' his love, and purchased every blessing for us. a " Q. Who condemned Christ to so cruel a death s-A. I Pontius Pilate, the Roman Governor, at the desire of the S " Q. What do you infer from the sufferings and death of I Christmas. The enormity of sin, the hatred God bears to it, and the necessity of satisfying for it. S " Q. Did anything remarkable happen at the death of Christ's. Yes; the sun was darkened, the earth trees I bled, and the dead arose and appeared to many. (Mat. xxvii.) I I " Lesson King-On Sir. I " Q. What is sin s-A. Any wilful thought, word, deed, I or omission contrary to the will of God. a " Q. What is mortal sin s-A. A grievous offence or I transgression against the law of God. of Q. Why is it called mortal sin ? A. Because it kills the soul by depriving it of its true life, which is sanctifying i Grace; and because it brings everlasting death Andania a town on the soul. - I Q. Does venial sin deprive the soul of sanctifying grace } and deserve everlasting punishment ? A. No; but it hurts?. I the soul by lessening its love for God, and by exposing it to S mortal sin. The Scripture says, The that condemned small things shall fall by little and 'little.' (Eccles, xix. 1.) . J " Q. What is sanctifying grace s-A. That grace which a sanctifies the soul and makes it pleasing to God. So " Q. What do you mean by graces. A supernatural a gift, destined by God for our sanctification, and to enable a us to merit heaven. S " Q. Is grace necessary to salvation s-A. Yes; without I me, says Christ, you can do nothing. (John v. 5.) I .' Q. Is is a great misfortune to full into mortal sin s-A. It is the greatest of all misfortunes. | " Q. What must we do when we fall into mortal sin ? if A. We must repent Uucerely and go to confession as soon of as possible. a " Q. Why should we go to confession as soon as we fall -to into mortal sin s-A. That we may recover God's friend in ship and be always prepared to die. ?k " Q. What should we do if we cannot go to confession Mr whom we fall into mortal sin f-A. We must excite ourselves to perfect contrition, with a sincere desire of going to conv P fession as soon as we can, || " Q. How do you express an act of perfect contrition ? 22 A. 0 my God ! lam lunn tily sorry for having offended H thee, and I detest my Bins most sincerely, because they did in please thee, my God, who are so deserving of all my' love, go on account of the infinite goodness, and most amiable por W sections, and I firmly resolve, by thy holy grace, never IS more to offend thee, and to amend his life. M " Q. Will perfect contrition reconcile us to God, without a confessional. Yes; and it is the only means we have to be Account God's friendship when we cannot go to confession. ml " Q. What is necessary for our contrition to be perfect ? 8- .'?'I1'1'wo should be truly sorry for our sinsbraiuso they M wo offensive to God, who is so good in himself, with it I am aware resolution not to offend God any more to satisfy L| for our Mile, and to go to confession as soon as we can. 80 " Q. How many are the chief mortal sins commonly called HE capital and deadly sins r A. Seven : Pride, covetousness, in state-'?' gluttony, envy, and sloth. Hi i !', ^" Where shall they go who die in mortal sin ? -A. To say hell for all eternity. wm Q- Where do they go who die in venial sins. To H purgatory." ino mode of examination adopted was that the teacher asked the TUOslion-, and the class as nobody gave the answers. The effect was a great confusion of tongues, which made it almost impossible to render laid a single word that was uttered. The " distiller -atism shown by the children in the express was wy marked. They gabbled over the words is if Mag who could get to the end of them first, while u wandering eyes and sly pranks showed that in their attention was very far away from the lessons. The" teachers in conducting their respective examinations, first' asked a question, and as many of the children as knew the answer gave it; when the answer was not known, or known imperfectly, the teacher would say it, and the class would repeat it. In this way the various lessons given above were gone through. The master enlarged upon the text with questions of his own, and with explanations of some of the passages. We do not know whether the other teachers did the same or not, for in the conflict of tongues, it was as much as one could do to distinguish what the master was saying, although standing close beside him. "We wish in justice to him to say that he appeared to be a thoroughly earnest man, and the instruction he gave was, from a Roman Catholic point of view, perfectly sound and clear. But whatever value there might have been in the teaching was wholly lost by the method adopted of engaging all the classes in a loud oral lesson simultaneously. Religions though the instruction was, it was not without its amusing, not to say ridiculous, features, The master showed his pupils the way of salvation with his cane in his i head, and his eye carefully watching for breaches of school discipline. Occasionally, while discoursing on t things present and to come, he would reach over, and with a lightning stroke, bring his cane down on the shoulder of a lad who was incautiously whispering to a companion, or he would introduce into his observations a command to some refractory pupil to " fall out." We give one specimen of his style. Describing the reasons which led to the establishment of purga- tory, he said " No man, however good he may be, can live, without committing trifling sins in thought, word, or deed (hands off the desk, Ryan), and no one who commits sin is fit to go into the presence of Almighty God. (I'm watching you,' Sullivan.) "Well, it would never do to send a man to hell for trifling sins, or what we call venial sins, because God is a God of love and mercy and kindness (Whack ! whack ! the cane descends on a boy's back), and if he were to send a man to hell for such little faults, he would be a great tyrant instead of a good loving God. (Fall out, Watson.) Well, the man is not bad enough to go to hell, and not good enough to go to Heaven, so that it is necessary to have an intermediate place to send him to, until he can be purified from his sin. (Miss-, please keep your class a little quieter.)" And so on. The lessons in the Catechism being finished, there was an intermission in the religious service while the master administered the cane to between fifty and sixty boys and girls, who had come in late, and who, as they came in, had ranged themselves along the wall to receive the punishment which they knew awaited them. This proceeding was a source of great gratification to the children who sat in security at their desks, and watched the antics of the youngsters, as they, in turn, held out' their hands for the cane, and then marched off to their seats, pressing their stricken palms hard against their jackets for easement. The whole school then knelt down to say the prayers, which were galloped over with a rapidity that could only have been acquired by long practice. The master led and the scholars followed, a rebuke or a stroke of the cane Being given, between the prayers, to boys seen to be misconducting themselves. The prayers were recited without pause, in the manner following : "The Lord's Prayer." "The Angelical Salutation. " Hail Mary full of grace the Lord is with thee blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death Amen." " The Apostles' Creed." " The Conference. " I confess to Almighty God to blessed Mary ever virgin to blessed Michael the Archangel to blessed John the Baptist to the holy Apostles Peter and Paul and to all the saints that I have sinned exceedingly in thought word and deed through my fault through my fault through my most gi revolts fault Therefore I beseech the blessed Mary over virgin blessed Michael the Archangel blessed John the Baptist the holy Apostles Peter and Paul and all the saints to pray to the Lord our God for me. May the Almighty God have mercy on me forgive me my sins and bring me to over lasting life Amen. May the Almighty and most merciful Lord grant me pardon absolution and full remission of all my sins Amen. " An Act of Contrition. " 0 my God I am heartily sorry for having offended thee," We. " An Act of Faith. " 0 my God I firmly believe that thou art one only God the Creator and Sovereign Lord of heaven and earth infinitely great and infinitely good I firmly believe that in the one only God there are three divine persons really distinct and equal in all things the Father the Son and the Holy Ghost I firmly believe that Jesus Christ God the Son became man that he was conceived by the Holy Ghost and was born of the Virgin Mary that he suffered and died on the cross to redeem and swears that he arose the third day from the dead that he ascended into heaven that he will come at the end of the world to judge mankind that he will reward the good with eternal happiness and condemn the wicked to the everlasting pains of hell I believe these and all other articles which the Holy Roman Catholic Church proposes to our belief because thou my God the infallible truth hast revealed! them And thou hast commanded us to hear the Church which is the pillar and ground of truth ' in this Faith I am firmly resolved by thy holy grace to live and die. " Ali Act of Hope." "An Act of Charity ; or, an Act of Love of God and of our Neighbour." Thus ended the religious instruction for the day. "We were informed that the priest of the parish visits the school twice a week to give religious instruction. 