1878. To-day it is our duty to bid farewell to the old year, our constant companion in joy and sorrow, and wolcomo the blithe new one, who comes to claim his own. Much might be written upon this subject were we to endeavor to picture, at any length, the feelings which all must in some degree experience at the ending of another chapter in the book of time. To all will come in a greater or lesser degree visions of the joys and griefs which are to be tracod in the rapid footsteps of the jjast twelve months; we can imagine them as bearing away bright visions, high hopes, and burning fancies ; blessed; moments now beyond recall ; familiar voices, whose sweetest note is silent, carrying from us the brightest and last of earth's fair blossoms; taking away sweet steams and airy castles peopled with loveliness and mirth, cherished things and sacred, and leaving us face to face with stern reality. Thus we might be apt to regard the departed monarch as a tyrant taking the sunshine from our life and leaving us but broken circles. We might part from him with feelings of sorrow, regretting the loss of a friend who "laughed and cried with us"; but in either case we would be ready to admit that he has left to us the glorious legacy of love and friendship, noble yearnings, and work for us all to do in our native land, and so with free and fearless spirits we can sincerely send out a morry greeting to hail the advent of his successor. At the commencement of 1878 it was our pleasant task to record the increased prosperity of our island home; and, now, after anothor year's experience, we have again the satisfaction of knowing that we have progressed greatly, and that our prosperity continues. As those who steer the ship of State we have men who profoss liberal opinions, and it is a source of great gratification to us to know that the inhabitants of the colony have awakened from their slumbers and become alive to their very great responsibilities as electors. Our mineral resources have quite realised our expectations, our revenue has increased, our trade and commerce flourishes, and skilled labor finds employment. In the Midland districts, agricultural and pastoral pursuits are to be found flourishing, and bands of pioneers still venture into the unknown portions of the colony in search of its mineral resources. Judging by the experience we have alluded to, it is impossible to predict anything but a bright and prosperous year to come, and to feel when its death-knell shall also be sounded, we shall be able to congratulate our readers upon a continuance of the colony's prosperity. Prominont amongst the signs of progress which may be noticed on every sidoe is the increased activity of our shipping, interests. The Union Steam Ship Company's (N.Z.) vessels call regular at our port, and have opened up an excellent trade between Hobart Town and New Zealand. The number of vessels which have hailed from foreign ports has been large, and the trade between London and the colony has been very brisk. The T. S. N. Company's new steamer Esk, intended to trade between Newcastle and Launceston, arrived on July 25th, and has not yet entered upon her regular line, though she has made several trips to the adjoining colonies of Victoria and New South Wales, A new barque, to be called the Loongana, was launched from Mr. McGregor's slip, at the Queen's Domain'.1 Sho is a very handsome modol, and hie been built to tho order of Mr. Alexander McGregor. Her length ovorall is ' lSOTeot, depth 12 feet, beara26feot, and-it expected that she will register abotit'360 tons, and oarry betjreon 360 and ,;IOO tons. The increased /demands for toihlar communication botveon tho Huontod Clmnnol settlements and tlio metttojpws havo led to tho formation of a Bteamihip company who havo purchased the'PUKl, a small vossol formerly used as a tender by the T.S.N. Company, mid placed';her on tlio trado. Tho steamer Manama, ono of tho fastest and most popali of tho T.S.N. Co. 's iloefc, met with; aviom o wli at sorioiis mishap, on her IJWMgj'ifroni Molbourne on Ootober 2Gtli. !Pht .vessel ran on a rook and sustained cdpsiderable damage, but 'fortunately raJwbedjfport in safety. The stcamor wiUn' Cross, ownodby tho same com- pany,cf\Baa undergouo very oxtensivo .repairs al Sydney, and resumed hor placo |iU) hetwoon Launceston and MMpwuho. Wo have had visits from Uhwe'Vof Her Majesty's ships of war year, tlio Sappho Mid scliooimr Maqfty ari riving in tho burlier months, ItlWBir Wolverene coming to ,'pav os a lamNL visit ill tlio moiitli of November. "WjaWkt to nolo tlio Bnidiinlf falling nil- ofiOBSwliuIing trade, which is) no doniit acjxaflfted for in tlio fall in tiio vnluo of .(igHrcspcctod Govoruor still continues aiyidst, though of into rumors of his praBBtio.i to some inoro important do- Pmlipcy tlio British Grown liavo gftfjj? ground. Tlio unfortunate corros- POlgrnco which took placo lotweon His BxWlfiiicy and tlioir Honors jtlio diidgos, Signing tlio celebrated Hunt case ami lfomtingont circuiiistsiiccs,'gavo rise to raiiifc. angry focling, but; throughout UMUoloquostion Mr. Wold fully rotained lniKSIgh character as a dignified, an abl», an just ropresontativo of tlio Queon. Tna'asuQl lovcos havo boon kold, mid His Bxoellency has honored tho various gatlior- iDB Jliroughout tho colony with his pro- onofi Ho. hns tukon a very warm into- lea%Jn tlio volnntcoi' movomont, and has ccratcd tho position of honorary colonel Bf (the Tasmanian Volunteer Killollegi- pnontS h also dclivcrod a very ablo no rlreis upon tho dofoncos of tlm i>nlmi(oa. Sif WUliam dorvois, Colonol Scratohloy, anaoUior distinguished visitors havo boon at Government Honso. tauway has dono its work faitb- "WQlnJ with regularity, and has af- ?ySfnymi Cttsy anJ expeditious moans of merchandise to tho capital, and comfortable moans of travelling thuihat which was to bo obtained in j9Wf»year8, Tlie Maiu Line, too, lias Mother great work— it has romovod Jbo prejudices of tho Northern lcm bihabitauts, and mado us L-i iff ono pcoplo, with idon- '2W 8(Pircats and desiras. Wo had wished Wrwji tho close of tho old year, wo boon ablo to record the of all tlio mattora in disputo UiG Government ancl tho com- that wo cannot do, and can f that in tho action whilth is to ?? mn' Supreme Court, holh and tho railway may end all woMjBrcnccs. Tn Parlinmont wa have had but ono' session, and that a comparatively barren ono. The Giblin Ministry met Parlia ment on tho ICth of duly, and sat until tho 31st of tlmt month, whon it was adjourned for a fortnight to ouuble: Ministers to como to terms with the! deputation from tho dirootory of the Main Lino Railway Company. Upon its ro-nssombling Mr. Giblin announced that Ministors had been unablo to come to any' satisfactory sottlemont, but proposod to pay to the company tho amount duo for interest during tho time that tho trains had run through to Launceston in accordance witli the opinion of tho English counsel. Tin's proposition, though notalto- gother favorably received, mot with tho assent of both Houses , of Parliament, and oil tho 31st of tho samo month tlio Troasurer mado his financial statement, in which ho proposod to lovy a tax upon lands, mortgagos, ! and incomes derived from dividends. Tlio proousals wore uuivorsally condomnod, and aftor a desperate attempt to foist thom upon the country — tlio moans which woro rosortod to bolng tho keeping tho vacant seats for East Hobart and Qtieonborough unfilled — tho Giblin Ministry succmnbod early in tho month of Decorubor to a vote of want of confidence movod by Mr. Reibey, and were succeeded by tlio prcsout Administration.' Sovo- rnl changes ill the porsonnol of tbo House of Assembly have taken place during tho year,! Mr. Saimiol Tullooh, tho mombor for South Launcostun, having boon raplaced by 'Mr. Jas. Scott, and Messrs. Gayer and Fysti for Queonborough and East Hobart by Dr. E. L. Orowther and Mr. J. 9. Dodds. Tho seat for Norfolk Plaius rendered vacant by tho resignation of tho Hon. 0 Hamilton Rromby, was filled by tho olcctioii of Mr. A. I. Clark. It is a fact worthy of nolo that every gentloman who lias beon clouted to Par liament during tlio year 1878 has been an advocate of liberal politics. It is wtih fooliiigs of . no ordinary prido and gratilicfttion tlmt wo look back on tho past yoar, and son tho great success which 1ms been attained by tho efforts of somo patriotio gentlomon to provide tho men of thu colony with means to defend their homes from tho attack of a foe Tlio regeneration of our vohmtcor forces was a task of great magnitude, and that it has boou accomplished in a very eminent, degree must be Admitted by all. It will bo remembered tlmt on tho cvo of 1878 tho defutico commissioners, Sir William Jervois nnd Colonel Scratohloy, arrived in Hobart Town, and, at tho earliest possible opportunity, they inspected tho harbors of Hobart Town and Launceston, and shortly afterwards furnished to tho Government their report and recommendations. Among tho latter wero the establishment of a defence force and the equipment of tbo batteries at Ono Troo Point and in tha Domain, and at Pig Islaml in tho River Tamar. Prior to their visit, however, a few unthtisinstio cltisous who wore deeply impressed with tlio necessity that existed for organising n votuuteor corps, exerted thonisolves to the utmost to form a com pany of artillorymoii who couki tntut tho batteries. For a timo thoy had io con- tond against a groat deal of prejudice, until it was thought that their project would fail j but it was not so. 'The news that was being daily (lushed to the colony from tho ceutres of Etiropcnu warfare was vory alarming, and it was not ecmsiderod at all unlikely that England would bo dragged into tlio fray. The huulnblo oxumplo sot by tho volun teers of 32nghnd was not lost upon the Tasmanians, and soon tho latter iu- iluoneed by a fooling of duty answered to the appeal of tlioir follow countrymen, and gallantly joined tho movomont. Prom tins time tho success of tlio vonturo was decided. Tho numbers in tho artillery corps were filled .up .yqry. quickly, nrnl coon the mombers bogan to manifest signs of efficiency. In nceordanco with the recommendation of tho commissioners, His Excellency the Govonior ordered tho formntion of n riilo regiment, nud tho routh of tho colony woro invited to como orward. Thoro was no necessity for a repetition of tho iuvitntion, as in a few days thoro woro more rooruits applied for onlistmont than woro required, tho number boiug oxceodcd by nearly 200. Four com panies wore formed iuHobart Town and two in Launceston, the total strength being 500. Tho greatest intorost was manifested in tho elaotion of officers, nnd tho dreary preliminary drills woro attended regularly. Tho greatest encouragement was givon by the Government and tho colonists gone- rally to tlio citixcu soldiers, aud up to the otoso of tho year thoro woro gradual signs of improvement A largo quantity of war material has been ordered from England,, and- already 600 Snider rifles havo arrirod, and boon served out. Tho renovation of the hattories is satis factorily proceeding, nnd it is hoped that in a very short time (ho works will, he so far completed as tu rondel a successful attack from an onoiuy very unlikely. lly no means tlio least important con sideration which is to ho dealt with in reviewing tho doings of tho yoar is tho statu of tho prosperity of tho colony ; nud in referring to that subjoct wo do so with unqualified satisfaction. . In ovory branch of tho service thoro are iminisraknblp in creases in, tho rovonuo derived thurofrom, ami, as compared with former years, tho ' colony is in a much more nourishing con dition.; Nothing could more justify that assertion tlinn a roforonco to tho returns derived from our railways, which woro published from timo to timo for genoral inforinhtion; Wo find, on adding together tho rodoipts from tho Maiu Lino, that tlio total, for tlio yoar may ho set down, in I'Ofuid numbers, at :t--U,000, and for tho Launceston and Western Rail way pt £18,000. During tho oarliur sumnur months considerable traffic was carried on, nrnl in tlio winter time tlio recoqvU showed a great increase on those of a pmilar period in 1877- Up to tho oud offho year each return has oxceodod its processor, and there is not tho slighteib doubt but tlmt at tlib conclusion of the present twolvo months wo shall have to retard further advancement, The improTod state of a (lairs may bo attri buted to tho iniluoucQ of the mining intcr|ib which has beon developed very marldtlly, Jj; February last attention was <|iroctod to Hraudy Oreok, which had for soiio timo boforo given gigps of boing a voiy wealthy neighborhood, every fifty froshjiliscovorics of gold boiug ohroniclod. Alano influx of minors was tho result, but m arrival thoy woro very much dia- satismd by the inaunor in which tlio (luriforous land yas locked up. A leiso of a considerably patent of cojmtry was hold by a number of gontlo- moniwbjch was granted td thom many yoavi ago for fho purpbso of mining for iron, | aud tlioy difi pot feol disposed to allow the miuoi'S to work it, unless a royalty of Is. Gd. per week was paid by oftGliban. After some trouble a oompro- misojwas eilucted, aud work Iins smce progressed very, favorably. Tlio doctino in the prico , of tin did not havo a very beneficial effect ou tho mining industry, and as a cousoquoneo operations on some of the smaller olaims wore siispouded ; but all, hopo was contnul in tho West Uu8t,y from wliiclq during the oarlior. months, very encouraging nows. was being rocoived. : As, .tho winter ap proached,. tho , prospecting parties who ww9|0ut in thatr'»eigIiborhtiod rotuniod : \ to their homes, and onch jrought very confident accounts of tho pixspocta of that part of tho colony. As a coisoquonco tho mtercstinthodovolopmeutofthu claims was incroasod, mid sovoral largi speculations woroindulgod in. Tho remits. howovor,; which have been roalisod Iflrclly justified such glaring unticipations.a'though tlierois ovory roasou tu boliuvc tiiatat some future dato the West Coast wil bo jirofttably worked as a mineral courtry. From tlio North Eastern districts tloro havo boou steady returns from tho til iuinos,and the gold iiohls nt that portion of tho colony havo continued to attraetnttontion. Tho colobrated olaims at tho Nino Mile Springs havo'maiutaincd their roputatiou as valunblo )roportios, ssvoral large cakes of gold having boon received during llio yoar.' Tho greatest ovont of tho yoar has been tho yieldfrom thoTasmaniaCompnuy at Brandy Crook. Tliis mino is that which was previously known as tlio Dnlly'u claim, was tho first discovered in tho district, and during tho yoar has kopt up vory good returns. The result of the cleaning up from the last four crualiiugs has been vory handsome, and such as to placo tho claim im tho foremost rank ( among tho rich mines of Australia. Thoro aro other fiourcos of rovenuu which aro not quite so fickle as mining, and which have always stood Tasmania in good stoad, and fore most among those aro tho wool growiug and agricultural interests. In the former tho crop was lip to (he average in ovory particular, and in addition to the very largo quantities -which woro. sent direct to Euglnnd, considerable consignments woro sent to Melbourne, It was thought that tho largo failures which woro reported from London in tho middle of tho year would have had au off'oct on tho Tusmaiiiaii growors, but wo nro plaasod to bo,' able to record that such was not tbo case. Tn agricultural circles thoro has boon oxporioncod an unusual amount of prosperity, tho cxcellonca of tho crop being frequently reported. Looking over ' tho rcvouuo returns com piled up to tho end of November, and comparing thom with tho figures of 1877, wo find tlmt tho Customs rovonuo has incroasod by £11,111. Tho inland revouuo has also gono up, boing £7,782 ahead of the previous yoar; and thu territorial rovonuo shows an addition of £1,293. Thoro is a difibronco on tlio right side of £50,3SS in the matter of imports, but tlio oxporls for 1877 havo overtopped thoso for 1S78 by £0-1,357. Tlioro is an inereaso of £29,401 in tho value of tin nud tin oro exported from tho colony. The great ovont of tho yoar has boon examinations for the Tasmanian Scholar ships ami the A. A. Degroo. Tho oxam- inor iii botli cases was Dr. .T. 13. Broinby, of Molbourne, Tho scholarships, which lire onoh £200 a yoar, tenable at an Eng lish Uuiversity for four years, fell to John Georgo . Lindsay, A. A. 1875, son of the Rcr. Lindsay, of Launcoston, and Goorgo Quinlan Robbrts, A. A. 1870, son of Mr. Roborts, of tlio Trinity 11 ill School. Tho ; candidates of tho yoar numbered sovoti- tccn, ihreo of whom woro young Iadios. Tho order of merit was as follows : — First class— W. P. Goddard, Frederick Lodge, O. E. Wobstor, Alary F. W. C.inaway, Faancos R. M. Hudspeth, Marion L. MaoMillan, Edward R. Nicholson, Arthur P. Morriss. Second class — George B. Boycs, Tliomas lv. Mnradcn, Annie AI. Solly, Artliur G. To/ft, Tiiomas E. Rulo, Hector A. Davics, Charles ,T. Buscombe. Third claBS— Marcus t). Martin, Cornelius Jlopo(canflidatoovorl9). Tliogold medalist (W. P. Goddard) is thoson of tho constable stationed on tho lliion road, nnd tho fact that ho has rison to fame from tho primary public schools by moans of tho Exhibitions annually awarded by tho Board of Educa tion, has given riso to much congratulation on this decided proof of the success of tlio system, nud tlio successful young goutlo- man has boon highly complimeutcd for his pluck and assiduity. Tlio president, tho Hon. Dr. Agnow, in his spoeoli, mado nn especial point of tho fact that tho sys tem had boon perfected by tho passago of two scholarships of £40 each, to bo awarded to tho two first A. A. 's of ovory yoar who desired to prosecute tlioir studios for tho Tasmanian .Scholarship Examina tion. At tho annual dinner hold on tho 37th October, at Cobb's Hotel, His Honor Air. Justico Dobsou presided. Tlio speakers wero tho President, 'His Excel lency tha Govornor, His Lordship tho Bishop of Tasmania, tho Hon. \V. It. Giblin, Colonial Treasurer, tho'Hoii. F. AL luncs,. the Hon. T. D. Chapman, and tho Hon. Alfred Doh.vm, Tho yoar which has just passed has not boon noted for anything novel or striking in social circles, and we havo, therefore, merely to chroniclo tho ordinary events which havo transpired Tho fion. C. H., Brumby and tlio Rev. Goorgo , Clarko, two of our worthy townsmou, roturnod to tho colony during tho year, and woro heartily welcomed back by somo of their numerous friouds. A farowoll tea meet ing was givou in April to tho Rev. .Tos. Whito, of Alclvillo-strcet Church. In tho beginning of last month tho inoinbors of tho Presbyterian Assembly entertained about 50 gentlemen, comprising members of Parliament, several of tho elorgy, and othors, to a diunor, which passed oil vory onjoyably. A complimentary dinner was .also givou by tho members of tho Hobart Town District Court of tho AI.U.I.O.O.F. .to Air. John Perkins, ono of tlioir Past Provincial Grand Masters (and Mayor of Hobart Town for two' yours), prior to his departure forEtiropo. Hewnsappointedtho lay ropresontativo. at tho couforoncoliold at Exotor Hall, London on Whit Monday, ntso a Paris Exhibition Commissioner. , His Excellency the Govornor on behalf of tho colonists, presented Air. James Smith, ; tho first discoverer of payablo tin iu Tas mania, with a si Ivor salvor, together with 250 sovereigns and a complimentary address. Sovoral benefit coueorts bare been given, tho end sought for being in tho majority cf cases gained, and a num ber of presentations mado, and testi monials presented to persons leaving the city. On the 5th of last month tho Red Cross Knights Lodge of Good 'J emplars celebrated tho annivorsnry of tho forma tion of their lodgo by a tea meeting. The report showed that tho iiiianoial siatu of tlio lodgo was vory satisfactory, nnd that tho number of mombers was a largo quo. His Worship tho Alayor (Mr. W. P. Groon) colobrated Ills retirement from ofiico by a picnic, which ho gavo to a large number of friends at Lindisfamo Bay. A now lodgo termed tho Crystal Spring No. 5, undor the jurisdiction of tho Right Worthy Grand Lodgo of tho Wqrjfi, was formed at Brandy Creek Inst mouth with groat ceremony. An Oddfellows' ball took placo with great cclat in Juno, tlio Town Hall, in which it was hold, boing well filled. Tho series of ontortaininonts in connection with 8t. David's Church Union and St. John's Association - have passod off vory agreubly, as usual. The influx of visitors from tho neighbor ing colonics, which generally takes' placo towards tho onfi tho year, has fairly com- moncod, a largo number of fresh faces being vory (apparent ; each incoming steamer is bringing au increasing addition to the number. Alatters municipal havo boon of a vory unovontful character during tho your. Tho usual meetings of tho Citv aud Aftnii- cipal Councils have boon held, but busi ness of a very -ordinary nature 'only lias boon transacted. Thu only business of any particular momont was tho 'decision of tho City Council to open tho Public Library on Sundays, after a great do:it of discussion and opposition on tlio part of tho' htriet ami scrupulous Sabbatarians. En passant;' it might bo montioncd that tho 3jibmry has boon largely attended of u Sunday. As thoro had boon some agi tation in tlio public mind with regard to tho question of our water supply in tlio earlier half of tho yoar, it was resolved to. adopt, tho motorago sys tem, which has boon found to work satisfactorily. It was also docidud by the City Council to rovivo tlio popular organ recitals instituted in 1873. Tlio sumo Council petitioned the Govcrnor-in- Council to allow all moneys derivable from publio houses to 1)0 handod over to tlio' Corporation. The Govornor-in- Oounoil, howover, refused to comply with the petition. Thu elections for ahlormou for the eity, and councillors iu tho different municipal bodius throughout the colony, took placo during the last month. For l-Iobart Town City Council four candidates wore nominated, viz., Wm. H. Burgess, J, Piko (retiring coun cillors), G. S. Seabrook, and J, dark. Tho three formor woro oluated For tho Municipal Council of Launcoston four wero nominated. Alessrs. \V. Turner,!'. P. Farrolly, nnd J. Drysdalo wero tho successful candidates. Messrs. W. H. Burgess and W. Turner were elected to tlio mayorship of Hobart Town and Launccstou respectively. In the vnrinus municipalities thu old members wero ro-olectod in tho majority of instaucus. His Worship tho Mayor uf l i tiburt 'J.bwn took leavo of tho City Council, and thanked the mombers of that body for for tho nssistnucu' which thoy lutd ren dered to him iii the discharge, of his duties. At tho beginning of tho month the ex-mayor, J. Perkins, Esq. , wns presented with a beautifully illuminated testimonial. At tho beginning of tho year a highly successful season was continued at tho Theatre Royal by ' Airs. Scott-Siddons' Compauy, Slmkesporian and other high class plays boing presented by thom. Tlio company, as a whole, was possessed uf more than ordinary talent, ami largo houses greeted their performances. Both in tragedy and comedy Airs. Scott-Siddons delighted nrnl astonished her patrons, and gained universal admiration while in Hobart Town. Tlin same talented com pany also attracted largo audiences at Launceston, whoro a short season was givon; Air. W.J. Iiollowny before leaving wits presented by Dr. 13. L. Crowtlior, on tlio part of ,somo of his udmirurs, with a valuable diamong ring. They were fol lowed by Captain ITaywuod's Com bination Company, and Empsoiu's on- tortainmonts in tlio Town Hull, and on Easter Alondry by au Italian opera company, under the direction of Signer G. Cesari. Soveral talented artistes wero engaged iu the company. Notwith standing tho excellence of their perfor mances thoy did not do very well, drawing but poor houses. Ono feature in connec tion with this compauy is tho groat success mado by Aliss Amy Shcnvin, n giftod daughter of Tusmaniu. Sho playod Bplou- didly iu "Lucia di Lammcrmoor," and since, in Alelbourno and New Zealand, she has won warm praise from tho loading critics. An English opora compauy gavo a short season afterwards, but they also wore but scantily patronised. Air. R. Stewart presented, to splendid houses in tho TVwn Hall, his " Rainbow Revels, " and anothor extravaganza, nud then met with similar success iu Luuuccstnn, whither ho left from Hobart Town. Sove ral performances hare boon given by the Derwunt Dramatic Club, iu the majority of cases for benotits, tho chief amongst them boiug ono for tlio augmentation of Uio < relief fund for tho widow aud children of Air. Andrews, thu well-ki'.u'vn comedian. It is gratifying to note a fair sum was thus raised. AVo have aluo been visited by throo circuses, Barlow's, Hayes' and Benhamo's, which rcccivod a fair amount of patronage, Iu August, Mr. Whcaloigh, a capital comedian, opened iu the Theatre Royal with " Tho Sliaughraun," and had very good houses during a stay of sumo two months, tho piucos presented being principally Irish character pieces, in which Air. Whuntloigh is unequalled, An un- tortainmont, untitled " D'Aroy Read's Ghost," hnd a good rim during August nnd Soptombor, tho optical illusions draw ing well tilled houses. Thrco or four voryj successful concerts, also a grand ball, hnvo been given by tho Volun teer Artillery during tho yoar, where by tho fiiml for tho newly organised Artillory Baud has been satisfactorily in creased. The pupils of Frofessor West gavo a complimentary benefit to thuir instructor in September, and exhibited to a largo audienue some fine sword aud bayouot combats' and athletic perform ances; ftudBatcboldor'sFuutcscopcand tho Diorama of the World woro exhibited to Tasniaiiiau audiences, fair patronage being bestowed on them. Air. Butts, iu con junction with four amateur rcadors, gave n successful recital of Ghnrles Dickons' "Christmas Cnrol," on tho 3rd December. TliojOruliestral Union held their inaugural concert at the Town Hall on tlio 29th Novombfir, and a second ono on Christ mas night. . Tho first cntertainmoiit, .which consisted of piano and violin solos, musical selections — vocal and instru mental ; tho principal selections boiug from Aloudelssohn's "Athulie camo off with great cclat. Tho second one, in which the rendition of "Messiah," wasattcmpted, droW a crowded house, which was not merited, inasmuch as tho performance wns a failure, too littlo timo, attention, and care having boou givou tu tho rehearsal of that great oratorio. Tho boards of the Thcntro Royal havo boon occupied during tlio post thrco weeks by a first class dra matic company, and it is intended that tho occupation should last the summer season. Evory yoar tlio personnel of the corps drmnaliquc— which annually visits us nt this poriod— improves in strength and completeness. Two ycara ago wo had Airs. Ghidstuiio, supported by Air. W. .J, Iiollowny. Last year we hnd Airs. Scott- Siddons (as wo havo montionod), associ ated whh the same gontluman iu delight ing largo audiences throughout an unpre cedented season ; and now wo havo Air. William Crcswick, a tragedian, whoso abilities are only comparable in our colo nial recollection with G. Y. Brooke. Tho veteran actor 1ms appeared as Virginius, Alastor Walter (iu " Tho Hunchback"), Richolicu, and ns Air. Onkly (in tbo comedy of "Tho Jealous Wife"), and in onoh impersona tion ho has secured tho hearty approval of largo atuiioncos, aud tho oommqmlation of llio Press of tho colony. Tho Launcoston and Hobart, Town Spring itml the Ilobart Town Autumn Race Aleotings woro very successful. Tho Now Norfolk Regatta, held on Boxing Day, passed oil with groat success. Of minor umusomouU of n local clfarnctor, iu tlio Nhupo of tea meetings, bazaars, lectures, etc., wo have had thom innumorablo. Death has been busy in our midst during the past year, laying its hand upon the young and old of the community, and foremost amongst those who have been summoned to the dim land of the here- after must be mentioned Edward Richall Richardson, author, lecturer and tourist, one whom Tasmania could ill spare, and of whom it may truly be said, "He should have died hereafter." Mr. Richardson had for many months been engaged in a tour through the island mak- ing himself acquainted with the resources and requirements of the colony, and col- lecting such specimens of her productions as would form an exhibition to lay before the inhabitants of the old country a true estimate of the riches of Tasmania. When returning from his last trip in Tasmania, before proceeding to England, the finger of God touched the ardent, earnest tourist and he slept. In company with several others, Mr. Richardson was drowned by the upsetting of a boat at Macquarie Harbor, on the 4th May, 1878, his body never being recovered. Though the eyes of many colonists, moistened at the thought of the loss they had sus- tained, all felt an exulting pride at the noble death an earnest man met with. To the shame of Tasmanians, be it said that no public recognition of Mr. Richard- son's services has taken place ; no tablet in any of our city institutions records the tale of desperate endeavor, of indomit- able bravery, of weary wanderings, and untimely death, which constitute the story of Richall Richardson's life. No fair monument or stately statue records his struggle ; yet he rests proudly in his stately couch, and after "life's fitful fever, sleeps well." Amongst those who have passed to the undiscovered country may be mentioned the names of Jno. Murphy (merchant of Launceston), W. H. Burgess, Morton Allport, Capt. Williams, and Mr. Charles Colvin. In conclusion, after reviewing the im- portant events of the past, year, and in the expectancy of the new one, we can but hope that that prosperity which has been so apparent throughout the twelve months just past will be more pronounceable during the one whose advent we welcome. 