Poetry. A Lost Pearl. J SEE her now as she *tood that day, Wayward and wistful, no;tr tbe stile, With tear-troubled fane tamed half-way, Yet looking askance f.»r the longed for smiie; Then .a mist that is bora of regretful years Rises up and veils the sweet form from view, J'or J (Iiive not the smile, and the troubled tears Never softened tbe tone of mv adieu. Airy .she was, and I thought her light — Over-merry, capricious and coy, When her sparkling manner was but the bright And rippling cadence of youth and joy, Aud, in jealous anger for smiles let fall On a life-lnng neighbor, her father's friend, Gave her back her letters, her ring, and all, Aud rushed away, and so made an end. And now as I know, to mv biiter cost. The error and fanlt of that fateful day, And the worth of that love so rashly lost Is a plaintive ghost at my side always. 1 seem by a ,fathomle&6 well' to stand, And to view in its bosom a ri.h pearl shine 'l'hat was c st away by my reckless. hand, And can never, never, again be mine. J draw from my bosom a. picture dim, So tiny and dim that you scaroe can trace The lineaments in the golden rim, The years have so kissed one their color and grace j Vet it brings Jier back as she stood that day, So wistfully by the old stile's side, ''With her teat-troubled face turned half-way. And beseeching askance for the smile denied. And forth from the shadows thin, white hands point Down the blighted waste of barren years, To purposes broken, schemes out of joint, Aud tbe dull remorse for unheeded tears. For man's love compared with woman's is naught But as g oom of night to the light of day, And n 'er from the past's dim depths i* brought The pearl of a love that was cast away. ' Winter is a mean season,' said one ipiob-pooket to another, ' and very, bad for business besides. Everybody has . his bands in his pockets, I don't like it ?at all.' ' Ah 1' said an irate woman on reading that a teacher had pulled a pupil's ears, ?' I should like to see anybody try to pull my ears ! I guess he'd have, his hands full !' jHer brutal husband looked at her jears and muttered : 'I should 6ay So.' Carlyle having expressed a dislike to converse with certain people, was asked the reason of it. ' Because,' said he, ' they always agree with me. Echoes please for a while, but one soon tires of them.'1 A Kentucky paper says : ' Every honest Kentuckian will blush when he reads that two Harrison county men stood up the other day and fired ten shots, at each other without any perceptible effect.' A max who was on his way to the woods to commit suicide was attacked by a bull, and instead of letting the animal kill him, he made a splendid rjin for his life, and won the race. ' 1 have a thought,' said ayoung fop to a grim old lawer, in tbe street. 'How odd exclaimed the lawyer ; ''stay right where you are. and I'll report the aocideot to the police.' Alphonse Kabb wi'tily said, touobing tbe abolition of capital punishment for murder; ' By all means, only let meBsieurB ibe murderers give tbe example, and cease to execute ns.' The mixture of one error '. with much tratb adulterates tbe whole — as the isholic of poor liquid is rendered danger* one by tbe infusion of a drop of poison. We should, therefore, beware of all error, however Blight, and inconsiderable it may appear. One error may soon lead to a hundred, ay, to a thousand,. A Correspondent at Glen's Falls, N. . Y., writes : ' Milk is only two cents a quart here. The water power in' this place is not Ubea for manufacturing purposes.' John Apple and Amautha Apple, cousins, living in Iowa, were recently married, and tbe clergyman remarked : ' Well, really, this is a pleasaut apple pairing. ' 