coursing gossip. By Cumloden. After a judicious postponement on accodnt of the bard state of the ground at the time. of the original dato selected for making the season's' entree, tlie followers of tho Victoria Coursing Club were enabled to take the field under much more favorable and changed circumstances last week.' The result was a signal success Nothing could' have been more agreeable than the delightful weather which prevailed on each of tho two days, in addition to which the ground was in capital running order and game -plentiful, thus leaving naught else to bo desired. The favorite vineyard., paddock presented tho usual picturesque scene,, and thoso who failed to put in an appearance missed the finest day's coursing of the Bcason. Hares were not only numerous, as before men tioned, but they moreover ran like fiends, fully sustaining the reputation of the paddcick for furnishing "gruellers" of the most pronounced description. As a consequenco the dogs fared roughly, somo of them being so distressed as to be unable to como up to the scratch a second time. Considering the soverity of the running,, there were fewer greyhounds lamed than usual, and it is a noteworthy fact that all the sur vivors who came out to dispute matters1 on the second day were scratcliless. ' This speaks well for tho improving nature of the ground coursed over, coupled with the good judg ment displayed in the conduct of tho beate. . Thenewly formed plantations appear , to bo in a- fair state of progress notwithstanding the bad season to start with, and judging from the large number of . hares driven/from then) it is quite evi-; dent :that pus3 has already taken kindly to- the' many harbors of-refuge specially constructed for her safety and "protection by the philanthtonic- squire of Sunbriry. For the excellent head-, bf game met with in the Vineyard paddock the oluhis much indebted to' Dr. Lcggett, -thevpre;" sent occupant of tho vineyard residence, ' who" ia a strict preserver. The good sport witnessed on the opening day woe succeeded by some equally legitimate coursing in the Swamp paddock, where the concluding trials wero of a description not to be surpassed. Th'o well known swamp was litefally alivo with liards, nurabera stealing away imcourscd, while Wilson was often placed in an, awkward position with his dogs in consoquo'nco of "more than onoharo coming out at the same time. From the number of bares disturbed on : each of ( tho two days it wa8 plainly mani fest that' they have increased nearly twofold since last season. This augurs well for the Waterloo Cup meeting of 1879. We will now revert to tho running for tho Tasmanian Plato and Ernest Stakes. It was a pity the first-named event did not receive its complement of entries, yot on the other hand such was not surprising considering tho difficulty trainots have experienced in getting their charges into proper fettle. This was the only impediment in the way of the stake not filling. -Mr. ' W. B. Rounsevell, of South. Aus tralia, wa3 in great form at the mooting, winning both competitions in fine form, and thus making a triumphant addition to his previous successes at Williamstown; Werribeo and Ballarat. Tho South Australian courser has proved himself quite invincible all through the present season, and tho mantle of success could scarcely liavo fallen upon more deserving shoulders, for tho career of the Coryton- Park representatives has beoh'ono uninterrupted series of disappointments until the recent " breaking of the spell." The Taqmanian Plate brought to light in Rondolctia a greyhound of the highest protonsion3. To use a turf phrase, she cantered through the stakq " hands down," none of hor opponents having tho ghost of a show with her. She possesses all the. ' requisites of a flyer, namely, pace, ' cicroniess and durability, each of which faculty was put to" a. crucical test during her progress through the stake. She did not exhibit any marked proficiency with hor te'eth, butshe will probably make considerable improvement in this department of tho gamo with a little practice. To those who took particular note of Rondeletia's opening display against Try Again, her ultimate victory was quite anticipated; for the perform mahce was particularly clean and; brilliant. Her subsequent set to with L'Africaino was equally decisive ; and on the following .morning sho thoroughly "outpaced Haste, winner of last year's Oaks, in a'briof spnrt to cover. Persephone was so distressed from the effects of her previous pumper with Jack's the Lad, who gave hor no assistance,, that sho was quito incapacitated from, making any sort of a struggle .against the Sonth Australian, who finally polished off His Lordship with ridiculous ease.' Thus it will be seeh each '6f Rondeletia's courses' was won meri toriously and decisively, without a particle of that .proverbial ingredient called " luck," said to, be so .essential in the pareer .of a Sunbury winner. -What 'makes Rondeletia's performance all. the more praiseworthy is the fact that she is p'nljr a, ..puppy, and this' was her first appearance, in -' public. She is . of tho Same litter' as Rippling Avon, divider of the Australian St. Leger, Riviere and Radiant, di viders of the ."Ballarat Oaks. Between'them, those four bitches have won sixteen courses within throe .weeks without encountering a single defeat. This "calls special attention to their sire Tumult, whi> onije more occupies a place in our advertising columns'. . Rondelotia is a handsome, racing-look ing bitch' of 53 lb. weight, with capital loins lead ing to Shapely, quartors well let down, and the be3t. pf' lcgs and feot.. Her 'Leail is coareo, but bewsthe imfirint. of determination, while her ; neck. |s'a wee bit short, .wliioh perhaps accounts fpr piie or two of lie'r long courses through inabil- : Ity to'kill; ( Sho stands nice and low on her front legs, and presents a good side viow, though a none too deep chest, and tho great length of her hind pins gives hor a trino leggy appoarance. Sho was brought "to" slips in blooming lioalth and conditjpn by. Walter Melrose, Mr. Rounsevell's" trainer, whP had tho ladylike naughter of Tumult and Lady as fine as a peach. ' His Lordship, the riinner up to Rondelotia, exhibited a wonderful turn of speed in each of his courses, but lie gave .ample evidence of his inability to stay. I thought he was decidedly fortunate in gaining this verdict from Chester, who has evidently lost liis pace, . although 'apparently as clever as over at his turns. No dog could have run a more brilliant course thaii he did with Sylvia, a groyhound of more than ordinary pretentions. Next to Rondelotia, Persephone." showed the best form at tho meet ing, but was heavily haridicappcd at the finish. She struck me as going faster and clovcrer than ever. With a bit of luck Mr. Clarke is more thab likely to . win a Btake with tho Red . Rover bitch before tho season is over," '..Honoymoon ran uncommonly weU'for so old a' bitch, and- looked like beating His Lordship when the latter came across for a lucky " chop." Haste went cleverly, as usual, and Cordelia shaped |n improved form, but! was unfortunate .enough to get hard run early in the contest. Jack's the Lad has lost his pace, as also have Forester, Foragor and Harefoot. Last . King and Fijian were unlucky in having to be. ! drawn lame, otherwise they would havo' "proved very troublcsomo. Those that took part -in the Emcst Stakes wero a very . moderate lot of ani mals.' L' Ami, who has previously shown us that ho has " two paces," took it into his head to try, and -succeeded in getting to thci end. Mr. A. Clark, the owner of Corrobboroe, came in for half the winnings for drawing his dog after tho unde cided with L'Ami. Corrobboree ran well for a sixty-six pounder, and handled his gamo like an artist. De Foo cut up rough in the deciding course. The arrangements of the meeting were in every' way satisfactory, and Mr. Mundayand his'encrgetic stewards arc to be congratulated on the. success attained thus early in tho season. .Sir; Johnston got through his duties in a most satisfactory manner, and Wilson was never known to slip in better form. . A meeting of the Victoria Coursing Club was hold at their office on Wednesday to pay over the stakes won at the late meeting of the club. -The hon. W. J, Clarke occupied the chair. Mr. W. B. Rounsevell was the principal winner, taking the Tasmanian Plato, presonted by Mr. Joseph Clarke. ' Then the minor prizes were handed over, after which the healths of tho winnors, losers. Mr. Joseph Clarke, Sir. W. J. Clarke, tho judge and secretary, wore drunk, and a very pleasant hour spent. Nominations for the Melton Stakes — 32. dogs of all agC3 at five guineas each — will close at Molton -on Wednesday, 21st inst. at 0 p.m. Bogs will havo to he named by 26th inst. at 5.30 p.m., the draw taking place immediately afterwards.- . Nominations for tho St. Leger meeting of the St. Kilda Coursing Club will be received on Monday next, the 19th inst, at nine p.m. Tho date of running has been fixed for tho 27th, on the estate of Mr. Henry Beattie, Mount Aitken, Digger's Rest. 