RURAL GIIOST-LORE. Tint belief in the power of certain persons to rule the planets is profouml ; so profound that neither ridicule, argument, nor autho rity will shake it in the minds of ‘.he hamlet girls, and it abides with them even when they are placed midst the disenchanting realities of town life, IVheu “in service”' they buy dream hooks apd' consult fortnne , tellers. The gipsies in.passing through the Country, choose the by-ways and lanes ; they thus avoid toils, have a chance ot poaching, and find waste places to camp in, though possibly something of the true nomadic instinct may urge them to leave the beaten track, and wander over lonely regions. They camp near the hamlet"as- they travel to and from the great sheep fairs which are held qpon the hills, and perhaps stay a few days ; and by them, to some extent, the belief in astrology and palmistry is strengthened! The carters who have to spend some comsider ahle time every day with their horses in the stable still retain a large repertory of legend ary ghost-lore. Thoy know the exact spot in the lane where, ‘at a certain hour in the nfglrt, the white spectre of a headless home, rushing past with incredible swiftness, and without the sound of a hoof, brushes the coat of the traveller, and immediately disappears in the darkncBs. Another lane is .haunted by a white woman, whose spectre crosses it in front of the spectator, and then disappears behind him. If he turns his head or looks on one side ia order to escape the sight of the apparition, it instantly crosses to that side. Indeed, no matter in which direction he glances, the flickering figure fluats before him, till, in making a run for it, he passes beyond the limits of t!;e haiimed groyind. Near by the hotloyy, where the stream crosses the lane, is another spirit, but of an indefi nite kind, that does nqt seem to take shape, hut causes those who go past at the time when tt has power to feel a mortal horror. A black dog may he seen in at least two differ ent places; the wayfarer is suddenly sur prised to find a gigantic animal af the deepest jet trotting by his side, or he secs a dark shadow detaoh itself from the bushes and take the form of a dog. The black dog has perhaps more vitality', and survives in more localities, than all the apparitions that in the olden times wmo an urn to by persons Of the highest voracity. They may still be heard of in many a nook and corner. I have known people of the present day who were positive that there really was “ something’ weird in the places where the dog was said to appear, ’ 1 ‘ ;1 "■ i ■ 