4! I \t.TZ ,.rf i . ' . qu- SALT AND RUST, Sctj.—In The Leader of the 9th inst. a: letter appears signed " J. W." on rust and how to pre vent it. J3 will :pass :the greater, part of his; loiter over without comment, but in the latter: part ho .writcsthat- ho never heard anyone say that ho saw rust in a field of wheat that was cafen; down with sheep. If ho had wound up hih lfctt'cr at that, for my part I would have left him'hlone, and novor mentioned that I saw rust in wheat that was fed off with sheep, and not' only Baw it but felt it. Ho also says that far mers who would feed their wheat off with sheep at the end of August or beginning of Sep tember would not havo rust. With all respect to " J.W.'land liis opinions I cannot agree with him.'. It is all moonshine to think feeding off with sheep will keep wheat from having tho inteC,5 as the following will testify : — I sowed three' bags of purple straw wheat on fourteen acfresl of land, tho second crop in tho month of ; May;,1875. Bod it off, with sheep to the. end of August,. and when it camo out in car it looked a sprdndid crop, and I thought it would turn out 1 at/ the least six bags to tho'acre. I started to cut itt-on tho first day of January,, when it was i .sickening to look at, for it wasrust and nothing bufc.rust from morning till night, and instead of , BiJ, Bags of wheat I got two. Aud mind you hot ; or wheat but wheats ghost, and the strangest part was that none of my neighbors had rust- or 7 the sign of it, their crops being ripe a fowr days beford'miuc. and not having been eaten down with sheep.— Yours;. &c.;, ;'B;! Tatpng, 14th August. \ fc Sib)— As ono who has. used . salt on. many oc- eaaiond, pcrmit mo to inform Mr.. John lfnight that thoro is no danger in using salt as a top- diossing; provided it- is not ovordorio. I have a small crop o£hay,:on-Which I sowed about three- ; quarters. of . a hundredweight to. tho. acre about, a "fortnight Bince, aridit looks beautiful. I would tnofeforo rocommerid about one Khndrbdweight' 1 toHHo'ricre, when toe "ffilado" is about fohr to siii'iiiches.high. Sow while the dewisionit, on i bdforo-.rain. : .How the salt acts on the stow and, , prevents rust is a scientific question,, not yet, j definitely settled, but I have no hesitation in as-' sertmg that it does it.— Yours, &c;, PARMER.' .'«l'8tfi'AUgUSt.; ' ;=n; ti, » &R;,Tr-Your , icprrespondont,. J, uiina,.. : no'ar'j . Clultcrn,, says, to eat tho. wheat' , clbte down' ' .at '/the 'lead ' of ', this'; month,' orpbeginnibg' 'of ''noxt.'"1"' Now,;<' whoroitr is' t rank, .'and from' ori'e , to -A two J joints'.', dn the stem;, tho;question arises, will B hear, grain after bffingso paten idowntor, cut down below the joint? : I hhvo heardnot ;; som8r>Bay,,ye3,: but not posi tively."? Ii can . find' noiagfeoraent either for or agpiost.oh this ; point. , , / 'Perhaps , some of, your' readers, may have watched tho effect, more nar- rowly-— iours,;&c.;,: G. PATERNOSTER. 1 fBaxnawatha. 