The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXVII. MAGIE'S SECRET. By "DRAMINGO." I NEVER thought I could have felt anything but a deep feeling of relief at James' departure; but, strange to say, now he is gone, I miss him. If the Bouncer were to die, to sow music, of a broken heart, I think I should find myself recall ing her good points, and forgetting her bad ones, I wonder whether she'd think the same of me, if I died first; I'm afraid not: I have an idea she'd execute a war-dance over my lifeless body, and otherwise insult my remains. However there's one thing certain: this last little affair has led up to a sort of understanding between Clara and Nevil. Not that he's all I should like him to be, but still he's an improvement upon what he was. He gets moody fits on him, seems like a man who did not know his own mind : wonder if any men do? A good deal of my old energy has departed. I am not the bird I was ; eats have become a burden and a source of trouble to me, and even the butcher's dog affords no consolation. The very servants bully me now, and I don't think I could fly a mile to save my neck. They have all gone out to a party to-night, and l am alone. I went to sleep just now and had a horrid dream : I thought I was still in this room, and that in the corner I saw a white object moving towards me. I could not stir; I had to sit still and watch this horrid thing growing bigger and moregigan tic, looming through the darkness, and still approaching me. I never knew what fright was before ; my heart stood still, and nearer and nearer came this awful thing, till with a shriek it rushed at me crying, " Pretty cocky ! pretty cocky !" and I awoke. I tried to say a prayer. I wonder if murderers feel like this—There! it's coming again. Keep off! It was a fair fight. Help! mercy, help !! When Clara came home from the party, she found me lying in a fit on the floor; so I heard afterwards. But it was two days before I got at all well, and even now I'm as shaky as possible. Clara goes about the house singing like a bird at present. I'm rather disgusted; I should hare thought that she would have had a little more consideration for me in my weak state; but there !—it's all alike ; if I was in my grave, the world would go on the same as ever. We've got a new acquaintance; his name is Bantam—Robert Bantam, but everybody calls him Bob. He's a good little fellow, and is gone on the Bouncer, whom he met at that party the night I had the fit. He's taught me to say a lot of nice things, though some of them get me into rows ; but what's the fun of life without rows? I wonder how poor James is getting on; when I think that I was the author of his banishment I feel a little melancholy at times, but I believe it will do him good, and that thought consoles me ; I was born to do good, I think. What a conscious little monkey Clara has got this last day or two ; she talks to me sometimes, just because she's so happy, and it has to brim over. Well, I'm out of all this ; one time I could have entered into the feeling, and rejoiced with her, but now I am old, and embittered, and— well, I believe I'm jealous. You see Clara has been my girl always; I've brought her up from a child, so now when I see that even my ill-health does not prevent her being abominably happy I feel just a little sore. I suppose it's jealousy, the green-eyed monster. I really believe Agatha's going to make a suc cess of it this time ; Bob's fairly caught. I think he'll improve the Bouncer—bring out what good points she has, and not let her make such a stupid of herself as she does at times. Bob keeps everybody laughing when he's here; Agatha nearly emulates me, and goes into a fit. He imitated Bloomington making a speech in the House the other night, and I nearly cried he made me chuckle so. But Jack and Nevil, who were there, did not seem to enjoy it so much; why, I am sure I don't know, for they have no sympathy with the man caricatured. However the Bouncer's an appreciative audience at all times, and the only one Bob cares for at present, and so Iong as they are happy it's all right. 0, what a long time it seems since we used to live up on the station and I went out with Jack in the morning to count sheep ; and what great fun I used to have at shearing time when there were any amount of strangers about the place. I didn't have fits in those days, or dream of cockatoos' ghosts; I was strong and active, not a broken-down old bird, with a cracked voice, and a droop in one eyelid. The postman brought a letter just now for Jack, in a woman's handwriting; it's lying on the table ; shall I play any tricks with it ? got a Melbourne post mark on ; wonder what feminine correspondent he has down there? No, I don't think I'll play any more pranks with letters, but it's tempting. The Bouncer's very curious too ; she looked at it all round, and weighed it, and criticised the envelope and the handwriting and all the outside of it: evidently she wondered, like me, what business Jack had with lady cor respondents in Melbourne. By the way, this big blowup of the Govern ment has been postponed, but only for a short time, and than we shall see what we shall see. I'm getting Interested in politics ; people always take to them as life advances ; either that or eat ing and drinking; I have taken to politics, but they're hard. The only time I went to the House I experienced great difficulty in understanding what was going on. One man was speaking— that was evident—but nobody appeared to be listening; still he kept on talking, as though he had been wound up by machinery, and must get through a certain number of words before he sat down. I caught a few phrases here and there, but they were not enough to enable me to get at the drift of his speech. The whole thing was tame in the extreme, and I came away. But, though I was disgusted at what I saw, I am interested in the questions of the day; particu larly the Native Birds Protection Bill; bless you I could speak on that subject for hours. They protect laughing jackasses !! Did you ever have to live in the same tree with one ! I did. That wretch used to wake me up every morning, till I nearly went mad. Gobble gobble gobble before the stars were put out; but I revenged myself. I went up and roosted above him, and took a small stone up with me. Of oourse he commenced his insane laugh the first thing in the morning, and threw his head back and opened his mouth as though he'd made a joke. I looked down at him, took a good aim, and dropped the pebble right into his open mouth. He died of apoplexy ; at least he choked; but he did not awaken me the next morning. Well if that was not cool! Nevil came here, and there was nobody in the room just at the time excepting me. Jack's letter was on the table, and he happened to catch sight of it. He picked it up eagerly, and opened it at once. Now what do you call that ? Opened it, read it, put it in his pocket, and took his hat and went away. Clara came down in a few seconds, and he had vanished, gone, without leaving an apology with me, or saying anything. I could see Clara was astonished, and a little bit hurt; just enough to make her pout, and look pro vokingly nice. Not content with this strange and unceremonious proceeding, Master Nevil came back in about half-an-hour's time, and it just served him right, he rushed right into Mrs. Maclure's arms—metaphorically of course—and she had him for two guineas for the Asylum for Sick Dogs at once. However he had the satis faction of explaining matters to Clara and being forgiven, and seeing her smile instead of pout. He had forgotten an important telegram, he said, but that does not account for his opening Jack's letter. Mrs Maclure tackled Bob the other day, but he was too many for her. He feigned the deepest interest in the Asylum for Sick Dogs : got the names of the patrons, the committee, and the number of dogs that had been cured ; kept her talking for nearly an hour; and then said that it was a most praiseworthy institution, and if he had a friend who had a sick dog he should certainly recommend him to send it there; he would only be too glad to subscribe a couple of guineas—here the dear old girl got her list out— as soon at he owned a dog ; at present it might have his best wishes for its success, and he would speak about it highly, everywhere. I feel better to-night, not quite so staggery about the legs, and not so many specks floating in front of my eyes. I'm in great hopes of being able to peck somebody soon. CHAPTER XXVIII " The question is," reflected Nevil as he tied a white tie and admired himself in the glass at the same time, ''whether the game is worth the candle." He sat down and looked at his dress boots as though they might solve a mystery that no man yet solved ; then proceeded to pull one on, with an air of infinite disgust. " I suppose," he thought, "most games are not worth the amount of candle expended in playing them ; but probably I am at this moment indulging in a more prodigal amount of illumination than general. I'm a conceited ass, that is certain, or I would not have got it into my head that a certain dame is so infatuated with me that I'm bound to be her devoted attendant, and allow her to entertain the notion that I'm the victim of a hopeless passion, found out only too late. A modern edition of Sir Launcelot and Queen Guinevere ; Bloomington in the character of the stainless king; not bad idea that last. In addition to this I find I am falling head over ears in love—the real genuine thing—with Clara Danten ; and I have neglected that ancient and highly-to-be- commended maxim, ' be off with the old love before you are on with the new.' Con sidering all things, Master David, you've acted in about the most careless, stupid, almost dishonor able manner that you well could do : I'm begin* ning to be proud of you. Supposing I don't show up to-night, won't that be a good beginning to make? disobey Queen Jane's sovereign orders, indicate my intention to regain my freedom. Who's this ?" he exclaimed aloud, as the door opened and the man he called Bob entered in evening dress. " Aren't you dressed, you lazy beggar ?" he demanded. "No ; I've changed my mind ; I shan't go to this hop ; too much trouble." " You'll throw me over like that, will you ? Not if I know it; you'll have to come whether you like it or not, so put your coat on immedi ately, if not sooner." " No, Bob, I'm not going ; I've got a headache, or a toothache, or something, I don't know which, but you can apologise for me." " I'll do nothing of the sort; don't be such an old idiot as to dress yourself and then change your mind. Come on !" "I suppose you'll give me no peace if I don't ; it's useless trying to keep the narrow path when such evil angels as you are fooling around. " Ingratitude ; beastly ingratitude I I was a good angel to you the other night, when in reality I should have greatly enjoyed seeing the old woman having a row with you from a high moral stand-point But I sacrificed my own pleasure for the sake of my friend, and this is how he re pays me." " Is there a cab outside ?" said Nevil, who had got his coat on by this time and was looking the picture of resignation. " Yes ! been waiting for the last half-hour, so I trust you will remember to pay the fare." A short drive brought them to the scene of festivity. Nevil looked curiously round as he entered the room, and the first glance told him that no sweet little cherub had looked after his interests ; both the old love and the new were there. After being reprimanded by the lady of the house for his late arrival, he thought he saw a good opening for escape by plunging into a small knot of skulkers from their duties as dancing men, who were discussing the coming vote-of-confidence vote. Although not in the least interested he joined the conversation with ostensibly great animation. But this could not last forever; the force of circumstances, and the flight of time, compelled him at last to find his way to the side of Queen Guinevere, unless he wished his avoidance to become marked. * Not dancing to night ?" he enquired, rather hoping such was the case. " My first partner seemed to think that dancing consisted In coming into collision with everybody you possibly could, no matter if you went out of your way to do it. My next had been drinking sherry ; so I have refused the last two." " What's this ? a waltz ! will you tempt fate once more ?" She rose without answering. The music hap pened to be exceptionally good for a wonder, and the air adapted from an old German melody —full of the strange sweetness that seems to belong exclusively to waltz munic. As it rose and fell in regular measure, and they kept time to its rhythm, Nevil began to feel that the chains were tightening instead of loosing. What was tightening the bonds ? The band that he held, small, slender with a glove like a second skin on it ; the band that never touched his without his first feeling regarding it's latent strength coming over him ? Was it that ? or the glance from those deep eyes, that, like the fabled Lamia's, seemed ready to weep over the mischief they were bound to cause ? The close- fitting ball-dress of the present day, so fatal to the appearance of most women, was worn by his companion with unconscious grace; in every curve of her figure there was the perfect sweep that stands the test of clinging folds and classic display of outline. In every movement and atti tude there was the inborn artistic perception of a beautiful woman. When nature does give a woman the rare gift of a perfect form she gives her with it that almost unconscious knowledge of effect that would prevent her doing anything awkwardly even in a desert uninhabited land where there was nobody to pose for. As Nevil passed Clara Danten he could not help being struck with the difference in the two women ; and yet—although Elaine could not have worn Guinevere's robes with impunity—was not she the more alluring of the two? One was pre eminently womanly ; the other was a woman almost faultless in form and in face, but wanting the chief charm of womanhood—softness and tenderness. And therein was the fatal fascina tion that kept Nevil prisoner against his calmer judgment ; for he felt intuitively, or rather a thousand little words and looks had told him, that he was the one man who could make these missing flowerets spring up and blossom into life and sweetness. The music ceased ; and he was standing on the broad verandah, the soft southern night wind whispering through the shrubs and flowers that were sleeping under the dim light of a dying moon; his partner, with her hand resting on his arm, silent beside him. 'When that ancient and conceited old Arab first started the notion that speech was silver and silence golden, he had probably just passed through the critical stage of a desperate flirtation; and had found how much more expressive it is at times to say nothing than to preach a sermon. Certainly the five minutes' silence in the shadowy half-light of the verandah did more mischief than an hour's talking would have done, Then, as their solitude was disturbed, they sauntered back to the light and bustle of the crowded room. " How pretty the youngest Miss Danten looked to-night," said Mrs. Bloomington, after Nevil had taken her to a seat, and was yet in attendance, alone. The look that he had cast towards the young lady in question had not been unnoticed*. " Very pretty, and she's as good as pretty;" returned he heartily and warmly. " I wonder how sisters can be so different; she is so genuine, and lovable altogether, compared to the elder one," went on the lady, who was the last woman to do such a commonplace thing as disparage a possible rival. " The eldest Miss Danten is a very nice girl, but not remarkable for anything out of the common ; that is all, I think." " Exactly; nothing out of the common ; and the common is, as a rule, so very common that I'd rather anybody I liked distinguished them- selves in the wrong direction than not at all." " Mr. Bloomington seems about to rise to dis tinction in a lawful and commendable manner," said Nevil carelessly. She looked up at him reproachfully : "Et tu, Brute" that glance seemed to say : then with the shadow of a sneer on her lip replied, "Yes, he's likely to become a man of importance; is not that the right phrase ? I'm thinking of getting him to send home to Herald's College for a coat of arms ; what motto could you advise?" "Liberte, egalite,fraternite, returned he thoughtlessly ; but just as he was, thinking it would make matters worse to apologise Jack Danten joined them. There was a look of strange pity in Danten's eyes, Mrs. Bloomington thought, as he made the commonplace request for the favor of a dance. She liked him, and wanted him to like her, because he was Nevil's friend and had great in fluence over him ; but beyond that had no desire to have him at her chariot wheels; therefore she was unable to account for it, except that he felt sorry for her, in a general sort of way, for being married to Bloomington ; and like any other woman she objected to sympathy on that ac count, although hating her husband. Nevil being released gravitated naturally towards Clara Danten, and was properly served by finding him self rather late in the field. However he managed to secure her for supper, and was allowed to dis cover that the first and only round dance she intended dancing after supper had been kept open. A discovery of which he promptly availed himself. It was again a waltz and the same sad old melody that had been played be fore. Nevil could scarcely analyse his own feelings as he looked at the round girlish cheek close to his shoulder, and caught a shy glance from the bright eyes that belonged to it. He was so lost in his dreamings that he nearly came to grief against his friend Bob and the eldest Miss Danten, who were trying to dance a galop to waltz music—just by way of infusing a little change into the proceedings, Bob said. Escaping this danger by dexterous pilotage, they found the room getting so full by reason of so many more men gaining courage to dance after supper that Nevil proposed an adjournment on to the verandah; carrying out which idea they came upon Jack and Mrs. Mortmain. This formed a partie carree that was not broken up till Jack went in search of his other sister, who was still keeping the floor. It was nearly 2 o'clock as Nevil turned away from watching his friends drive off, recalling the look and smile Clara had given him as she waved him a last playful adieu. " I feel mean, as the Americans are supposed to say," he thought as he re-entered the house to get his overcoat, and met Guinevere and Arthur coming out. Arthur looked his worst in festal garments. How Nevil avoided his proffered hand with politeness he could not afterwards re member, but he felt glad that he had done so. " The want of confidence vote is postponed," said the stainless king ; "Government are trying to push the Sugar Duty Bill through, and I'm going back to the House now: we're talking against time." " What a fearful bore you must find it; can't you send a dummy in your place ?" returned Nevil, who had felt bound to turn and walk with them down to the carriage. "Ah ! but if they passed this bill I should lose a good deal, for I own some property that would deteriorate in value considerably." " In that case, my dear sir," said Nevil, as he put Mrs. Bloomiogton into the carriage and her husband dutifully settled the train of her dress, "don't come home again till you've tired them out." " I expect we shall be at it all night," said the legislator. " Good night;" and Guinevere put out her hand and pressed into Nevil's—her ball pro gramme. Nevil inspectcd it after he had once more, and successfully, attempted to get his overcoat and leave. Then he tore it into minute fragments, and proceeded on his way. In due time he arrived before a large house, standing by itself in a good garden. He passed up the silent walk and halted at the edge of the verandah. The house was in darkness. A woman was waiting for him : Quern Guinevere, still in her ball dress, her neck and arms gleaming white in the semi-darkness. "It's turning a little cold," he said as he stepped up beside her; "had you not better put a shawl on?" For answer, she took his hand and put it against her cheek, which was burning hot. " You are the more likely to get chilled," he remarked in reply to this mute response. " Get me a shawl then," she said. " I threw mine down close by the window." Nevil stepped to the open French light and picked up a soft woollen cloud that was visible by reason of its white color. He wrapped it round his companion, who nestled to his side and leant on his shoulder. " I'm tired of it all; I can't stand it much longer;'' she said. " And I came to tell you that this will, and must, and shall be our last meeting." " Why, what do you mean ?" " That this is only weakness that will lead to nothing but bitterness in the end ; if end it can be called that I see looming in front: rather the beginning of fresh folly and trouble." " Are you afraid ?" she asked with a touch of scorn. " Yes, of lifelong remorse, of unavailing re gret that the past had not been different." "Don't leave me," she pleaded; "take me away ; let us go back to South America—you have been there as well as I, and there, as you know, we ahall be safe and happy." He listened to her without answering ; some thing he knew, and that had made Danten's eyes soften to her that night—was making him treat her more patiently and tenderly than ever. " Don't say this is to be our last meeting," she went on. " I can't lose you ! Do you know that I never liked or loved a single thing in my life before : that when a girl I never had a friend or a pet ? That I grew up —as I often wondered to think—without un derstanding what affection meant? Do you know that in South America, when I went there with my father to visit the silver mine that ruined our fortunes, I saw my only brother drowned before my eyes, and never shed a single tear ? Fancy what I feel now that I have at last found out the meaning of the word love." "If you had to undergo torture as of old, what would you do ?" he said at length. " Bite my tongue through ere they got, a groan or a cry for mercy from me." "Then will you show less courage at having to undergo the mental rack than you would if stretched on the physical one ?" She drew herself away from his arms, proudly and defiantly. He had touched the key-note of her nature. " Courage !" she repeated, " Yes ! you shall see what courage I possess. Only "—and she came close to him again and put her hands in his as she lifted her face—" let me tell you : I know that you never really cared for me, but by a thread have I kept you by me so long. That thread is broken, and I know by whom. Don't start! l am not jealous of Clara Danten. She has no idea how she wrings my heart when she wins yours from me. To-night, when I heard your step and knew you had come at my bidding, I thought I had won ; but now, now, I have lost. Good-bye—not for ever, for we shall meet again, and that is the worst of all. But good-bye to this "—and she clung to Nevil in one last passionate embrace. "We won't part," he whispered to her; " I will do as you say. In some other country we can, and will, rectify the mistakes of the past year, and be happy." "It is pleasant to think so," she replied, in a voice so sweet and tender that he scarcely recog nised it; "but my dream is over. I know that you would be mine in all outward show and affection; but— in that only. l am glad you have spoken as you did: for in the future it will be well to think that I had it in my power—that in fact I won. But"—and she freed her hands, and drew his face down to hers and kissed him almost solemnly—" in that winning I have lost. Good-bye again, and again." The stars were paling in the sky as Nevil left the house. In the east was the first flush of the ooming day. And there, too, still shining with unquenched splendor, was the bright and beauti ful morning star. Through the quiet streets lifeless and deserted, by the houses full of sleep ing inmates, he passed, until he oame to the restless river, that rolled on. on, ever passionless and indifferent, no matter what human tragedies fretted their poor hour on its banks on either hand ; and there he watched, as often he had watched, the change that creeps over the face of nature as she wakens from the death sleep of darkness to the resurrection of light .... " Why, Nevil," said Bob, aa he met that gentle man descending the stairs, humming one of last night's waltzes, "if parties make you look as seedy as this, take my advice and don't go to any more," "Good advice, considering you dragged me there." " The great fault of you, Nevil, is that you try to do too much. Go and get a tub, and after breakfast you'll be as fit as I am." [TO BE CONTINUED.] In Harper1) Weekly (New York) we read : On the seventy-second birthday of the poet Long* fellow he was the surprised and gratified recipient of a graceful testimonial of regard from the children of Cambridge. Several yean ago, in widening the streets of the city, it became necessary to remove the old horse- chestnut tree in whose shade stood the "smithy" celebrated in "The Village Blacksmith." An elaborately carved chair was made from a portion of this tree, and was sent to the residence of the poet on the morning of his birthday. Beneath the cushion, on a brass plate, is the following inscrip tion :— To TUB AUTHOU Of "The Village Blacksmith" this chair, made from the wood of the spreading chea tv ut-tree, ia presented as an expreuion of grateful regard and reneration by the children of Cambridge, who, with their frieads, join in bett withes and congratulations on this annironary. February 27, 1870. The appearance of the chair suggests solidity and comfort. The color is t» dead black—an effect produced by ebonising the wood. The partial upholstering is in green leather. An exquisite piece of carving, consisting of horse-chestnut leaves and blossoms, ia on the back of the chain and horse-chestnut leaves and burrs are variously combined at other points. Arouud the seat, in raised German text, are the following lines from the poem: — And children, coming home from school, Look in at the open door . . . . Ami catcli the burning shirks that rlj Like cliatf fruni it threading fl .or. Louise, Victoria, nud Maud, tho young daugh ters of the Prince of Wales, rarely appear in public in any but the simplest of dreuses. They are sometimes seen with their mother at the theatre in plain white linen or cotton sailor dresser, with a little red trimming, and they are often met riding and driving in neat sailor dresses I dark bine woollen. 