BtiN;DTSO ADVERTISER (iHTliUSHKD daily:) : • fRO^tftSSIOK/OUR WbllTB, i'i'D OUR RESOURCES. SANbHdPST. TLESDAY. MAS. IS, 1879, THE EMBASSY QUESTION. Tun affairs of the embassy to England garding the constitutional difficulties Victoria, as foreshadowed by tho lata tele graphic news from London, indicate a peaceful adjustment of our political compli cations. In the first place, it is evident that Mr. Berry's intercourse with the most dis tinguished members of the liberal party in England has considerably modified the opinions regarding reform he entertained on leaving Melbourne. Now we iind that the honorable gentleman is " most anxious to be:credited with moderation," and, indeed, he must have seen since his arrival in London that the .'extreme . views .-lie .pro mulgated in yictoria did not., recom mend < themselves to any party iii Eng land. Ever since Mr. Berry's arrival in London indications of the forth coming policy of moderation were mani-' festad iii various quarters. The Mondwj Post, a 'journal not violently opposed to his Victorian, policy, expressed itself satisfied that Mr. Beriy must admit the necessity of a compromise. The Sjicciutor took a similar view of the question, and Mr. Berry acknowledged, in one of his communications to Iris colleagues in this colony, that such opinions "wove panuuount on the subject at liome.. On the 27th ultimo we heard, by electric telegraph, that it was decided not to submit the loan of three millions to the money market until the political question was settled, and probably the floating of the loau now, and its great success, may bo attri buted to tho prevalence of these moderate opinions and tho knowledge on the London Stock Exchange that Mr. Berry participated fully in that policy. In fact, the principles avowed by him in Victoria, and which, un fortunately, now are 011 the table of the House of : Commons, caunot but be peculiarly ombarrassing to the liberal party iu England, from whom the lion', gentleman anticipated some support, as if they evinced any sympathy with the extreme doctrines enunciated in Melbourne all probability of their access to power again in England would be gone for ever. Mr. Berry, we find, lias had several opportunities of inter changing ideas on political questions with the groat leaders of the Liberal party, with apparently the most beneficial results. ; The London correspondent of theJnjiw states that at a dinner given by Sir John Anderson, Chairman of the Eastern Tele . afiif*13er&ynan;<r Messrs. Gladstone and Robert Lowe At that, dinner it is evident Colonial politics were discussed, as we (ind a warm argument occurred between that consistent freetrader Earl Granville, and Sir. Berry, on the subject of protection. We hear also from the A.jc that Bl'ya« O'Loghlen was informed that Sir Michael . Hicks-Beach had invited Messrs. Gladstone, J ohn Bright, Robert Lowe, Charles A llliers, and Lords Derby, Shaftesbury, and Caiiingford to meet Mr. Berry and Mr. Pearson at an official dinner. We have not heard what political questions were dis cussed on that occasion, indeed we believe it is rather unusual for a Cabinet Minister to ask the most distinguished member of the Opposition to meet at an oiliciol banquet gentlemen who were the promoters of a question discussed in the House of Com mons with which he or the Cabinet to which he belonged did not .sympathise. It would seem as if the Secretary of State, in antici pation of the discussion on Mr. Arthur ilillss motion for the production of corres pondence connected with the Victorian deadlock, asked the leaders of the Onpo=i tion to meet Mr. Berry and judge 1 themselves whether his principles of reform are such as could be accept able . to any political party in England. U e ""stake very much, indeed, if ' the most violent opposition to .Mr. Berry's policy will not; emanate from the benches to the left of Mr. Speaker, and tho discussion is now unavoidable, as all the papers have been published voluntarily by the Colonial Ofhce. The Secretary of State, it appears, will not give a definite reply to Mr. Berry until the discussion 011 Mr. Mills's mot^n has been concluded. U k probable that tlio etleot or the debate may be such as o induce Sir Michael llicks-Beael, to settle the complications by a measure of reform dealing with tho Legislative Council. 4 fter reading the paper.-; 01, both sides. the ro)[uiroiacnls of the extreme liberal party, and listening t<_> the instability of land tenure and the other grievances of the extreme conservative party, the Heerelary of State may be able lo hit on a good middle course by which the independence of e;u:h branch of the Legislature would be upheld and the possibility of deadlocks in future avoided. The ii'dunhn AVnVi" dreads that tacks" may be renewed unless the Constitution is altered, and it suggests a nominee Council as a means for reconciling such diil'erenees. Llad the dutunhiii Jit-eicw had much experi ence of Victorian deadlocks it would bo con vinced that such a measure would not only be perfectly inoperative, but positively detrimental to the peace of the country whenever any great popular cry arose. JNo measure can be thoroughly effectual, as one of tiuality, which will not invest the Legis lative Council with functions, enjoyed by similar institutions in other colonies, of amending all money bills in detail as well as of rejecting or passing them in whole. To CoKKKsroxKE.N'TS.—Some letters are un avoidably held over. The Kelly Gang.—Owing to the abseuce of any news respecting the recent movements of the Kelly gang, the interest that was exhibited in the pursuit of the notorious gang has Uagged somewhat. It was to a slight extent revived yesterday, however, by a rumor that four armed men, answering to the description of the Mans field murderers, had been seen on 1'ental Island, in the Murray, a short distance from Swan Hill. It was stated that some troopers from Swan Hill had started after the men. Last night an other rumor was current in the city to the effect that tiie men had been captured and proved to be the outlaws, but the origin of the report could not be traced, and it may be safely set down as a mere canard. As a matter of fact, the police appear to have no knowledge whatever of the present whereabouts of the gang. liKtJlsTK.vnox or Docs,—At the City Police Court yesterday morning, the dog inspector brought up l.'i persons for having unregistered dogs in their possession. In e.ac!i i-v""- ;>. fine of j:;., and 2e. 6d. costs, wjis inlbcLcd, and the inspectoi, Mr. Malcom Radie, wishes it known that active measures are now being taken to luiorcc the dog tax in every instance. Sodden Death.—It is about ten months since we recorded the sudden and myctei'ious death of Mr. Ebenczer Neill, ft gentleman ivhose good deeds are sti!) frash in.the memory of many in Sandhurst, and now wo have to record the bad and sudden demise of Mrs. Neill. It appears that the deceased lady has been ailing fill1 some time, and a change of air w.i?. thought desirable. For this purpose slic lic.il made preparations to visit friends in Adelaide on yesterday Week, hut an attack oi illness prevc.nt'fft fier going until Saturday last, when f.hc. left for Melbourne in company with her sou and. Miss Garr. Her Sdn saw both the ladies safo on board the steamer for Adelaide, an.l at that time Mrs» Neill was apparently in good health ami spirits! The vessel arrived at Adelaide ,\T,?tci\l.-v^ morn ing at seven o'clock, and telegram was at once transmitted to .Mr, N'oill that his mother v/ps dead, i'his ive received whop ho wont lioino to dinner,and as it was an'event totally unexpected, the shock wa^ terrible one. It appeared furtlrer 'from the telegram that Miss Carr an hour before the steamer arrived ill port had gone to call Mrs, Neill up, and found luH' dead m bud. She had gone t.> Wed about twelve o'clock at night, and sppat'onUy well aitd cheer ful, and full of pleasant anticipation of her visit, Much kindly sympathy has been ex pressed for Mr. AYn\\. Neill. who has lost both parents in such a suddcu manner. Tub Eagleiiawk to Kerano P.axi.way.— Our Haywood correspondent writes:—The rail way survey party under -Mr.' Norman are making ra;v:d progress with the Iiaglchawk to Kerang line.. I was out at the camp the other day at the Green Hills, about four miles from here, and found that they had got on towards Mitiamo, ten miles from there. The line is as near as possible that asked for by the Sandhurst, Eagleiiawk and Swan Hill League. It coni unmees at a point 011 the In^lowood line a little beyond the Catherine) l'eef, proceeds along Myers' Fiat past the Catholic Church, crosses the Haywood road east of the Old House at Home, passes within sight of the Camp Hotel (Whipstick), comes in at the back of Duffy's Travellers' liest near Sebastian, crossing the road near the llaywooil Pound, and on to near the cemetery, where there is a capital site {or a station, just at the foot of Iuglewood-street. .Near there is fixed the 13-mile peg. From thenoo it proceeds in a northerly direction through Yallook to a point about three miles west of Mitiamo, and a distance of about 23 miles further, making a total of 71 miles to Kerang. An officer of the department has been over the ground last week, and thero seems to be no dif ficulties in the way. Mr. Norman expects to meet . the .party who started from .Kerang opposite Mitiaino1 by the end of the month, when the present survay will be finished, and it will only remain for Parliament to sanction the construction of the line. \ Dei,ax i>- Arrival ok Railway Trains.— The public frequently complain of the manner iu which the trains arriving at their respective stations are delayed considerably beyond their advertised time. A resident who happened to be a traveller by the last down train from Mel bourne on Saturday night, informs us that when at Ivyneton, whilst the passengers were busy getting refreshments, the guard of the train ordered the luggage to be deposited on the station, and the carriage (a second-class one) to be taken oil'. Pas sengers, on their return, were naturally surprised) and ou being told they must find roc m in other carriages endeavored to do so, without suceoss, however. One of the porters at the Kyueton station informed tiie guard that it was impossible to find room for all the pas sengers without the second-class carriage was re-coupled, and after nearly a quarter of an hour wasted in the argument, the order was given that the cas <' i.ge should be replaced. The remarks of the guard-ware, we are aiso informed, anything but courteous. This is a simple state ment of factsj and we certainly think it is necessary the department should be made cog nisant of them-. In the first instance wo have passengers who pay their fare bundled out of the carriages without a word of warning, then the whole,train is kept waiting because an oliicial cannot be made to understand that taking off a carriage leaves, insufficient accommodation for the travelling public, and lastly, the public whoshouldexpectcivility fromallconuected with the railway, are trea-ted, to say the loast of it iu au extremely boorish manner. PnOSECUTION;. UNDER T1IE MlKING IxKUULA TIONR Act.—Joseph Hill, the enginedrivnr at the Hustler's !ar.d Redan mine, was summoned at the - City- Police Court yesterday for negligence, whereby the death of Air. Mont gomery was caused. Mr. Hughes, who prose cuted, said the Mining Department had no desire to' act in a harsh manner, but wished to enforce. the"act, .which was iu reality for the protection of the miners themselves. It will bo remembered that when the accident occurred the engiuedriver was absent for a few minutes from the engine, and the deceased stepped on the cage, having released the catches, when ths xnat tlie engineclrivef was not at the engine, and had not "pinned" back the break. No one was present, and the only evidence of the defendant's neglect was his own admission at the coroner's inquest, Mr. Hughes tendered the depositions, but Mr, Brown objected, and after citing cases on both sides, the bench declined to admit the depositions. Mr. Hughes said ho understood the defendant had been cautioned by the coroner before giving his evidence, and examined Mr. Grainger, who said the coroner had told Hill to watch the proceedings, as he might be on his trial for manslaughter for this accident. The bench did not think this sufficient caution to admit the defendant's depositions, and the case ivas dis missed. Two other summonses against the same defendant were withdrawn. There seems to be some misunderstanding ou the part of the police as to being informants in cases of mining accidents. The police have hitherto been in formants, hut Mr. Webster said he thought the inspector of mines was tho proper person to do so. Mr. Hughes said any one could be in formant, and the instructions from head quarters had always been for the police to un dertake that duty. iliu WjiATlliiH.—The heavy and continuous rainfall which set in about midnight on Sunday night lasted with little or no intermission til 1 daylight oil Monday morning; it was accom panied by lightning and thunder, which Hashed and pealed at intervals ail through the night. In spite, however, of the large quantity of rain which fell during the night the ground had become so parched with the long continued dry weather that it absorbed tho moisture nearly as rapidly as it fell, and towards evening yesterday there was little or no signs of it remaining. In the country districts this was the more notice able, as at Marong, where heavy rain also fell, the ground showed very little signs of the moistening, and the creeks and watercourses were as dry as ever. During the whole of yesterday the sky was overcast and threatening, but no more rain fell, and after dark there was scarcely a cloud to be seen and a strong cold south wind prevailed. The thermometer regis tered at Messrs. Joseph and Uo.'s, fall Mall, as^ follows:—'J a.m., 30°; noon, 05°; 3 p.m., 1 li-=; maximum, 71°; minimum, ■ _ Tho barometer at !) a.m. registered 'J'.l'J.jO; (j p.m., 29-2S0. The rain, we find from our exchanges, has been pretty general throughout the country districts, though none fell iu Melbourne on Sunday. Our Maron correspondent writes:—The rain which has been portending so long has begun to descend at last. ami right welcome it is to the parehed-tsp earth. Sunday morning looked dark and ominous, but it was not not until about 11 o'clock that the rain commenced to fall. in the course of the afternoon, however, a lew peals of thunder were heard, anil the;;e appeared to break the hovering clouds, and from noon until this (Monday) morning wo were visited by a succession of cnpuias shuweiv. The ground was rendered so dry bv the previous long-continueddrought that although a considerable amount of water has fallen it has been absorbed immediately after it fell. Tlie sky is still banked up with heavy clouds, and there is every appearance of a plentiful supply of moisture, which, if it comes, will set all the farmers in the district to work with their uloughs, as it is, even now, high time that the crops were underground. During the course of the day the weather cleared up, and the afternoon turned out line, the aun occa sionally breaking through, and rendering the latter part of the day (although more rain would have been eKtremely welcome) very pleasant. The St. Peter's Art Uxiox.—With refer ence to the announcement, in connection with the St. Peter's Church Art Union, that all tickets not settled for by the 19th instant will be cancelled, a correspondent writes to us say ing that if this ho done the persons who bought tickets will he the loser:-. He thinks the agents should lie compelled to pay Cor the tickets they have sold, instead of the ticket-holders being made to forfeit their interests. We apprehend that the committee will tako proper steps to secure the interests of shareholders. The object of the notice is probably to hasten the returns, in order that the drawing may be proceeded with without further delay. Fali. I'UO.m A Hor.SK.—A lad 1-1 years of age named Brook Hollingsworth, a resident of Maroug, was admitted to the Bendigo Hospital yesterday suffering from injuries to his head and neck, which he sustained through a fall from his horse. SAXimi'iwr Industrial Exhibition".—After the usual weekly meeting of the general com mittee had been held last evening, the Kxecutivc Committee met the delegatus of the Friendly Societies and Fire Brigades for the purpose of arranging for a procession for the opening day. The subject was discussed in a conversational way, and it was agreed that an advertisement should be inserted ju the local papers inviting the Fr.icndlv -Societies and Fire Brigades to arrange for a procession, and it was suggested that tile Fire Brigades should ta asked to form a torchlight procession oil the opening night. The Capture of the Hatfibu> Busii i:an'GER3.—It will bo obsorved from our Mydlluy telegrams that the New South Wales Govern ment have rewarded tile party who so promptly effected tile capture of the Hatfield liftsh rtngers. , Uoutvr Requirement^.—For nearly a month now the City X'olice Court lias been hold in the Warden's Court, and yesterday Mr. Motteram, 011 behalf of the legal profession, called the attention of the police magistrate to tho miser able accommodation provided for them. Hie seats, he said, were full of !tolcidk and if some thing were UoE done to iniprove then!, lie was afnud fcllfty Would be triakiiig some work ioi tlie eorontir. Air. Webster sftid lie Vvt>.i very sorry the accomn'iodatum was so bad, and he would toiioYt i't to the department, Bicycles in tub Streets.—We have t're (|iiently heard complaints concerning the (law less manner in which bicyolin&a-;—geuei'ally youths— whirl their machines) ;Uohg the streets of the oily, L'egaroless of the danger ti) whi'>h pedestrians are subjected by thuit- pluOeediligs. It appears lo be i^uitetiiiie now that some action were fciUceh in tile matter by the police. Either velocipeding iu the public stre'eta should be put a stop to altogether, Or those who indulge iu this 'mods of locomotion should be com pelled to carry lights after dark, the same as those who have charge of ordinary vehicles. Amongst tho recent " improvements" in bicycles, it appears, is ono consisting iu the binding of the wheel-tires with iudiarubber. The effect is said to lie very plesant for the bicycler, but the general public have just cause to feel very much.dissatisfied with the arrange ment, as was fully illustrated last night, when a gentleman, who was crossing the .Mall from the Beehive to the corner of the reserve fence, was violently run against by one of tnese "improved" machines. The accident occurred shortly after dark. The gentleman in question had just gained the middle of the road, when suddenly, and without any previous warning of its approach, the bicyelc, which was being pro pelled at a rapid rate, ran fair against him, the front wheel Catching one of his legs, and the steering handle striking liiiu in the mouth. His lips were severely cut, a pipe which lie was smoking was sent /lying to some spot as yet unknown, atul his hat was afterwards picked up some yards away. It a lady or child had stood in his place the consequences would probably have been very serious indeed. When remonstrated with for his carelessness, tho owner of the velocipede— who, by the way, gave his name as Grant— rejoined with a saiuj/roid quite itt keeping with the whole proceeding—"Von don't chink ot the shock it caused me.:' The gentle man who was the victim of the accident went in search of a policeman, and Grant ac companied him as far as the Shamrock llotei, where a crowd of larrikins hustled around, and at their advice the vclocipedist jumped on his vehicle and made off. It is probable that the matter will again be heard of, however. The Oddfellows' Annual Meeting.—In a report of the proceedings of the movable com mittee of the I.O.O.F., M.U., at; Hamilton, which appeared in our issue of the 13th instant, and which was taken by us from the Age of the pre vious day, it was stated, iu connection with an appeal of Uro. Hill against decisions arrived at by the Bendigo Lodge and district, that the minute books of both lodge and district were unintelligible, and that therefore no ratification or otherwise of the decisions could be arrived at. We are informed that the report was incorrect in that it should have referred to the minute books of the Iiendigo Lodge alone, and not to those of the other lodges iu the district. Donations.—The fallowing contributions to the Benevolent Asylum are acknowledged, with thanks, by the collector (Mi-. Ohadwiek) : — itev. janies Nish, £1; Rev. A. T. Glasson, us. The Oltviu.E MujjDei:.— The adjourned in quest 011 the man J. Scott, .who was found dead i in his liufc at Murphy's Flat on Monday, the ■ 10th instant, will be resumed to-ddy at Lecsk's Hotel, near Moliagul. I'lmii.ic Meeting at Diamond Hill.—Last evening a public meeting of ratepayers in the Shire of Strathfieldsaye was held at the Victoria Hotel, Liiamond Hill, for the purpose of con sidering a notice of motion given by Or. Rundell, of the Strathfieldsaye Shire 0"imcil, for the meeting to be held on Thursday next, for the purpose of amalgamating the offices of the shire secretary and engineer. There were about 70 persons present, and Or. Schilling occupied the chair. After the business of the meeting had been introduced by the chairman, Mr. Nixon moved the following resolution :— "That this meeting entirely approves of the motion tabled by Cr. Rundell at the last sitting of the Strathfieldsaye Shire Council, to rescind the appointment of both the shire secretary and engineer, having in view the ultimate amalga mation of the two oflices, and thus reduce the expenditure of municipal management." The motion, which was prefaced by the mover with a few remarks relevant thereto, was seconded meeting take no action In (Jr. ilundell's'motion until it was proved that money could be saved by such action." The amendment was seconded by Mr. Leavis, and on being put to the meotiii" by the chairman only six persons declared them selves m its favor. The motion was then put and carried by an overwhelming majority. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the business. ,, 1The Jli-pmenlatice states tlictfc jus Grace Archbishop Gooid administered the rite of confirmation to 143 children at the Konian Catholic Church, Castlemaine on Sun day. The " A<;e " Annual.—AVe have received ' 1 he Ai/e Annual " for 1S7S. The publication contains, in a handy form, a large quantity of statistical information, and a succinct record of the proceedings of Parliament. The work is a very useful one, D Ai;ev Head's Ghosts.—There was a good attendance at the Masonic Hall last ni.dlt to witness the ^ third representation of3 Mr, D Arcy Head's Ghost entertainment. At the performance last night music appropriate to St, iatneks Day was rendered, and tho astonisliiii" character of the ghost illusions created much wonderment and amusement. The entertain, luent concluded with the laughable sketch of ihe haunted house.'' The ludicrous antics of the ghosts were intensely amusing, and provoked repeated bursts of laughter. A fresh programme is promised tor to-night, and the performances will be repeated on tho three following ni-hts On Saturday at three o'clock there will be 'i matinee. The Loan. With regard to the loan, we (ir;/»s) understand that it is not in the nowor of the tiovernmeut to float more than C3 Out) 000 tiie amount called for. When the news of the amount tendered for first came, there was a "ood deal of speculation on this point, but tlie'cise seems clear. The written promise of tho Chief Secretary has. been given that no further amount shall be put upon the market for eighteen months, and buyers, in purchasing to sella«Hin calculate upon having this time to get rid°of a certain sum To dispose of more debentures would therefore be a breach of faith. The Dosi tion has occurred before, and the riWifc of juycrs to protest against any increase "in the amount raised has been recognised. Tile tele STtr^W0 ,m"ks °" ^tur'fey mentions that the applications amounted to i"S,-100,000 and that the debentures were allotted to aopli cantR at and above £9S KS,. (H. Minister* tele gt,.plied to Mr. Berry on Saturday, contrraulat ing him on the result.. Dkatii wr Dr. L. J. M.uvns.—A telegram has been received in .Melbourne announcing the ileatli of Dr. Lawrence J. Martin, in Paris, on Thursday last. Dr. Martin toulc a trip to K'.irope sonic mouths ago in the hope of regain ing his health, with a too close application to his profi'iisiona! duties had seriously under mined. It is notified in Friday night's G'aurlle that Mr. T. Mason, J.P., has been "removed" l>om the office of returniug-otUeer for the electoral district of Williamstown. Tiie Orville Mx'kdki:.—Writing about the Orville murder, the Itheola correspondent of the DunoHn Express states:—The scene of the atrocious act is about two miles from where Mr. Richard Going was murdered, on Friday, the 7th of December, 1S77. It will be remembered that the murderers on that occasion supple mented their fiendish work by setting lire to their victim's dwelling, aud thereby to some extent destroyed evidence of their guilt, although the police, the coroner's jury, and the whole of the inhabitants of the neighborhood were quite satisfied that Going had been mur dered. On that occasion the assassins escaped. Scott's murderers are evidently the same who murdered Going, and it is to be hoped that they ■may be speedily brought to the gallows. A biue sapphire of marvellous size iias re cently beeu found in tlie gem district or Colombo, in the island of Ceylon. It weighs two,pounds iu the rough, and was discovered by two hoys, who sold it for a trifle, not aware of its nature. It is said to be worth £10,001). A Valuable Discovery.—Some time ago a discovery was made in the colony of Tasmania of a black and brown mineral which exists in great abundance, and has been found admirably suited to the purpose of making silicate paints. The material needs uo preparation, and is of uniiorm character, and after simply crushing, it is ready for use, thus saving the gruat labor of artificially manufacturing. It has beeu tested by ilr. Mac-Ivor, tho analytical chemist, and contains in the highest degree the propertied necessary to make true silicate of paints unaffected by acids, sea water, sulphuretted hydrogen or ammonia, ami free from grease or other deleterious substances. For mixing with other colors it cannot be surpassed, taking kindly to eaci). Mr. Thomas Stevenson, paii>.-?r to Messrs. Stevenson and Elliott, has made laiy,6 samples of various colors, aud does not hesitate to declare that for richness of tone, fastness of color and density of body the c. inh winch ha manufactures cannot be excelled by any imported article.— A'J^: 