r-lcORllAU i'Pii'S. ItV I) ?V/;ILI. (BY-' innrioxit)- r. 2... i lxm.nousyE, February 22. "., The. verlasting Kelly scare bids fair to 'becline as great a bore here as w:is. " the Kiinik Ghost"'isi New Southi Wales some yearn ien, when that was thle eterial topic. ofuchit'ihat for rosles ix lmouths or s?. ''The ballad has alhv;ys been recognised in all eobti' ies, not alone :s an eidiring' record of 'cnteuiporary hi'torg, :but as a poteoti:h, satire or agncey f- ithe reformt of social sillinesso and covsientiomal aiburdities ..It was so,'most cl'ectiudly in the Syiicy instanuce when it laid the Kliama ghost. A clever memiber of the Civil Service composed a ballad, "Have yoea seen the' Ghost " This ballad became lpopulr and was sung at all tihe concerts, until people got tired of it, and gave up the iKaiam ghost. It is a pity. some Victoriau lyrist or poet does not coin pose a hallad, " How to catch the .Kellys," and put an end to. the absurd fustian and twaddle that is being so continually talked and written upon the, subject. II my I opinion the most sensible suggestion for tie prolipt and satisfactory solution If thait vexed and' staple problem Was one I saw in the leading eohiluuns of. 'lke Colac Hlerald a montlihor so ago, viz., for the .Government of Victoria 'to make applieation,. to the Governoment 'of Queensland for a cdrps:and officers of the Queensland .Black Police. I se'tlhat the Argus, one'iny last week, in a leadisfg article, plagiarised your suggestion in .the most barefaced mianner, without the slightest ackl:owsledgmient, mid a legion of correspondents in the columns of. that journal 'have since been harping upon the same theme, as though ijo competition for the honor of emphatid:;ly endorsing the " new discovery" by that journal as the means of. how to catch the Kellys. The VidtorianI police are injoitig then?selves more than the Kellys, by the.map, er in whicu h they are Conducting the puisuit. The best thing out about that is recorded h?i the llM. ail :0O. Adverltser; viz., that on hiews being brought into Beehworth last Wednesday, that D)an Kelly.hald been'sen s:aid recognised in that locality, two of the - police " charteied a buggy and weit.along the road to. catch the' outlaw." It is not 'stated whcetler that dhshins moovericnt wvas made "by direction'" of Captain Standish through the assumption is credible that suetv 'an old-womaiiish pro ceeding could only baes been thought of or adopted on that, high and useless function-' ary's authority. A Brisbaic telbgram in Weldnesda;y unorn ing'sjpapers acnlouuces that burglars eutered Government House in that colony on Sim day, and "took a bottle of claret, a box of cigars, and a paekdt of'lemonade powders."' Whether this is is i evidence of symlipathy with the Kellys being dcveloped to a niildL imitation in that colony, `I can't say, but should imagine,itwvas, for such a dashing exploit as burglary and robbery of.Goverii ment House .could hardly ha?e been other wise inspirdd in the oidiiiary j r?iinal inind. If so, it shows that the Kelly sympathisers in Queensland have refined and gentlemanly, tastes,' Apropos to,Queensland-it would appear that'industrial depiessioni, and the tight shoe of poverty are being experienced with as much severity in the northern colony of Quencisland, as-in this one. .I don't know bhow " Cesar and Pompey "-as . the Age has aptly christened the "lArgus and Daily Teleyraplh-can reconcile this withi their political philosophy, ais theyl'ttribuiit the existent depression and poverty iin Victoria wholly and soley to '"the Berry blight." Now they have no Plerrjr blight in Brisbane, dild yet, that poverty 'must be niore. pre valent, and thll uuelilploycd liore numerous there than there, is apparent from a' liie banu telegami,; which v say, " a notice is displayed on all the Governmnciit offices, to wavrin applicants that there aruno vacancies in the Govcrmcint service." ':It has not cone to that here yet; though there is no telling hlow soon it iay. Wh'ef it does, let not 'Ctesr "ad Pompey' inpiite it to the Perry blight. Ia an article 'upoti the linmigrants Home, ':ind the prevaleuce of poverty, tlio other dlay, the ArpZis wottiud up with the Jobs 'coinfort to the paupers, th:it .they would niit be in their present plight if the money that is. being expelded upson the embassy had bhecn ilisburiced ii providing the niemployecd with" resign ra tlie occupation. Just after reanling'that pirfound. andt philsinthropie suggestion, I saiw some paupers, in various. stages of dedadciiee, luddled and resting earound the [foot of the Bourke acrd Wills statue till told by'the police to'" move on." Poor' fel lows, one or tivo of 'them looked as hungry and in .as sad a plight almost, as the great expldrers themselves were in the wilderness of the Warrego ; but there is no monument, no sympathy, for the siuforeis in tihe heart of civilisation, possibly because it is difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish and draw the line between the worthy and the un worthy, between those who would work if they couli get it, and those who prefer loafing to working. And, as I looked fur ther south, to tile palatial residence of (o. vernment House, and thought of the Argyls suggestion, and one I had seen in your iaper some time ago--for the abblitiou of the office of Governor-] concurred with yours, in preference to that of the Arlgs. For of all suppositions of the possible what might have been--means .for relief of the destitute, that of malking GoFcroiment Ilouse itself-or the cost of it expended in a suitable building for-an indulstrial hoime and labor office for the adult unemployed, would be a more practicable and efficient remedy than that proposed by the Argus. All persons seen idling about, more than three days, who could not prove they had visible meanus of support, or reasonable prospects of obtaining such, should be sent to such an institution, and be imiade to ivork at any remuneraltive or reproductive work they were caphble of, oni subsist wages. until the profits of their laibor gave themi a etart,,or they were hlired out. Api-opos of paupers :iid the way of deal ingr with them. A nunber of nyunplhs of the tove from the claslic region of LIonco Lane, were brought before the City Court, on T'uesdaor, and chargd cl withl vagrancy. These chickens were under the winog of an ancient dame, oLe His. Scully, well but not fevor cb)ly known to the police.. Mr. Stcpheln- hlo was inot engagedt for either of tihe pri soners--acddresed tile Benchl on their behaclf. Ho said, " sucel women muiist get their liv ilg somehlow, and as long as they leetp quiet they should never be interfered wsithl. 'Thley are debarred, thlrough their fallen condition, from entering service."' (I was alrays under the imipression that men -were not altogetlher angels, biut " fallen creatu res:' too, rather. Hoowever it may be the fashion now to speak of womeni of a certain class as "' the social evil," and " fallen," Ac., I believe iiti Mr. Iasoei, ii his "Sweet Iye-and By" that the tiie is not distant, lwhen the seducers will be the degcradel nd ishunnedl class-- ostraciscd from respcctablec society ot the victims of seduction. The latter aill be told, as M?r. Mason says, "never liind, look out again, lie was niot worthly of you.") Mr. Stcphei conltinued, "their only Ineluns of getting a livlihood swas the course followed by tlhem i. Aitcr fallen women rieach a certain age they shosld be burnt 'hat was the only remccly fdr the nuisance the policc were vainly endeavoring to sco 1ress." Xjud this is a free and chrisel:ri country, and such secti.nenlts uttered, vwith out reproof from the Icunchl, without repre heiision froin the p1re'ss. Women whomc--in many instoancOc- -mea'-ll ilsts have c:ased to he classed as f':lien," whe paLt t1i t ag of i iuinisterieg to those lusts are to be " burnit," accordinu, to MIr. Stlphel::.. 'lThe Su!tan wlho used to cull his harem by sending such ladies to P'arcadie as ihe no longer wauted, by drolpin ,f themictlo the river that enried for Smile or so bencathIL a rocky tounel, was a pretty considerablel christian, in comiparison with M1r. Stephen. You 1ivescen thues bc:autiiul lilies :=- "'i' lll Il shi:; lll (d l'- s i, \l'I csl', Oh ' I I w lld i,cl' , 'h l c ll til'tli, Thles are now hclievcd to he a plagi-riimL iiOi ii ai It iiiiiteif tb ym:-' " 'l tdl 'tliewril niere icper, StiAld ill the nuns were ink, Anld aill tic trees Ivrle blrclld >i' cllUsc; h"l; i t ,ioald ic d'' fir drihit? er, ti' ell his leliu to tI?ilich . - A miodern.poet carries out the idea thus : If. l Ithe world ; cooksloip were, " tnAui wonie joiuts ooininoit, lAnl inwi were hulngryi cstoillief SAsitilg dowon WL not,' Oh. I tihe dislhes iould rcvicdw , . And then sail in and gobble you." :3 " Prob,?ably the latter poet anticipated the iiine ir lici Ar. 'Stephen's doctrine, should .conlw into vogue, when prostitutes, " be yond a certain age should be burnt," roasted is food for paupers. Thle emiployment of lady letter ,sorter and deliverers at the General Post Office windows here, is generally approved by the imblic. .They are farn more agreeable to look upon. and more civil,, than .the inle clerks of old, besides being twice as shiart. lhey sort the letters in their har.:s as qiick anil dexterously as an old euchre player will his cards. The ChicE of the Secret Police lnas'discovered tht Nilhilismn.is rife -niong tih female telegraph clerks employed on the lussian railways. many of them hav ing been found out in transmitting cypher lespatches for tihe conspirators .free of ehal'ge. I don't know whether any of the lady clerks in tile post oflice are " ihilists," ir whliethcr they have annithilated any of my ltters; I only know that some letters I ex pected havc not comie to hand. Again has the voice. ofE thie people triimnphed over thli tongues and pens of their slaindereris. ' The. tt .erminatioi of the West Melbourne elctiiozi: on Tuesday last, in the rettiri of the Ministerial candidate, Mr. Deakin,.liy a ma~jority-of-100 v6tes over the law and order man, Mr. Harper, has been a matter of congratulation throughout ihe city on Wedtesday.: Casar and Pompey have recently been ti ying to cheer their cain :lidate and their.deluded .pearby with the be lief that a.Conservativo reaction was about .o take place," anid that this election would inaugurate it" by the return of Mr. Harper, and the defeat of the Ministerial iandidate. Alas poor "silly bliiid Harper," and silly blind party, the iesult has shown the Minis try and thle Liberal party to be stronger hlnan ever in the confidence of tle people. i'he Collins street press appeared to be san euline theirman would go in, and with soime reason, for he was a local.man, and all the power of wealth and Caesar and Poinpey was oxerted in his favor. The fact of Mr. Deakini having polled over 120 votes more than Mr. Cameron did at tle general election is sig nificdnt evidence that the popularity of the Ministry is' on the increase, rather than on the. worse,- as the contest was tacitly re garded by bbth sides as a test one. The 'ollins street press-especially the Telegraph -is disgusting its own party and helping the Liberal side by its gross misrepresenta tions, add the truculent virulence of its abusive language, and this, no doubt, as sisted to bring about the signal triumph of \Atr Dealinu. 