WONDERFUL ILLUSIONS. . The Engineer (London) writes : — Mr. Walker s illusion' is really far more marvellou - than that which preceded it. It wouhbbe hardly fair jnsl yet to explain how it; is done, hut a statement of what is done will , serve to prove our assertion- that this is t lie most astonishing scientific illusion: yet produced. On the principal stage iu the; .centre at the hack, is fitted up nsiiinll secondnrv- Ktagej r< ached from the first by a broad fliglit.nl' half a dozen steps. This secondary stage is well lighted by concealed lamps. The principal stage is part of the time lighted, -part of the time. dark. On the secondary or small stage is- place! an arm-chair. . The lecturer, reads a pas sage from " Macbeth," and as he does so, the main stage being darkened, and the armchair in the light, we begin to gee a formless something in the-chair. As -we -.watch it, it.tnkes substance, and so out o£ nothing we find thnt the ghost of Banqiio has been formed before our eyes, and sits in the chair. The ghost rises, walks for ward, and then stops. Toe footlights are turned up, and it is seen that Ihe apparent ghost is solid flesh and blood, lie retires, reseats him self in the chair, and gradually, before 'our eves. , dissolves into thin air and vanishes. The chair.- remains all the time. Then an open work-bas ket is suspended from the roof by a single wire. Some fifty oranges placed in this vanish sjowly. ; before our gaze, -and are as slowly replaced by half a dozen pots of marmalade: A pedestal is put on the secondary stage, and on it a bust shapes itself by degrees out of nothing, and the said bust is then lifted off it ami carried do wn to. the footlights. Man' other things are done, hut the effect is the same in.all-. If the bust appeared suddenly on the pedestal, or if the oranges van ished in a moment," it might lie said that it was little more than n trick of legerdemain. The peculiarity here is that 'we see. the bust iu the act of forming itself out of nothing, while the oranges vanish slowly before .our. eyes becoming fainter and fainter till th«>y are gone. It is quite impossible to give any adequate idea of the mental effect produced by this illusion. Those who are in want of a new sensation would do well to see and form their own ideas of it. Nor . lias the climax been reached ; the principle in volved is capable of further deyelopment,; and Mr. Walker is now constructing apparatus by which the following effect will be produced:— At) nrtiat nrtnoata fivun a Iov . « "rr"'" "viw «» "v to that it is a lav figure, pains are taken to .prove to the audience. The artist, fatigiied, fails asleep ; then the lav figure comes to life, and de liberately takes the. artist to pieces, carrying liis head, legs, arms, arid body down to the foot- - lights. This done, the lay figure takes them all back again ; puts them together, and the artist wakes up, believing that he has had a fearful dream. The lay figure is a lay figure once more: Those who are familiar with tlie law of optic's will find food for thought in Mr. Walker's in vention, which is as ingenious as the stercscbpe; 