Inman Hills and Vallkt, Nov. 10. During the past fortnight we have had changes of weather verily from midwin ter to midsummer. Such changes being very trying to human 'beings, many colds, and other complaints abound. The few scattered wheat crops in this district are looking well. Many farmers' wish they had more of their land under cultivation) ,ppw there is a promise of a good yield.;: *t Friends ift ihe north. Bend us cheering reports of 'crops there. I;,-;. .-- To all appearances -Australia will be the bread-land of other Bation8/;-,afi we shall have plenty of corn in our'grainaries. Point McLeat, Nov. 10. : The weather has been very stormy, and the wind has been blowing 'great guns' IiBre meariy all day. About 'five ' oVoclc this afternoon a heavy thunderstorm' com menced which lasted about an hour. Dur ing that time the wind increased almost to a humeane— tbe wind, driving rain, the lightning and thunder, altogether made up a.scene of -wild confusion that, I have sel dom Men quailed. Since the thunder storm gMsjHd^egJjthe wind has moderated * a utitef 4rat fit ii ifttff blowing hard, with oacgnonaltiRht showers. Previous to the rain commencing, the drilling sand was enough to blind one, rot a few tons jkfca shitted its quarters eiuce eight o'clock this morning. In many places, especially on the more hilly parts, where the land has been cleared of timber and cultivated, large patches have become mere sand-drifts. During the winter these drifts were partly covered with dandelions, b it now that gay, but, peatifirous weed has withered, the loose sand is at: the mercy of every wind that blows. Oh the Aboriginal Mission Station Keserve these drifts are fretting worse every summer, and it ifl becoming a very serious matter as to what can be done, or whether anything can be done to prevent them from extending any further, or what would be much better to prevent the sand drifting at alL Perhaps some of your numerous read ers might be able to tell us what had bet ter be done. The sand is so very loose and so easily blown about tbat it is almost impossible, for anything to grow on it dur ing even the' wettest season of the year. Tbe few farmers that are left about here, are busy haymaking. The crops, on the whole «re 'very light, there are some moder ate crope of barley, but some of the wheat u r a total failure. A few more warm days attd the barley will be ready to put the mfccSune into it. »'' . — ? ♦ ? New Hambubg, Nov. 10. The anniversary of Mr. Pallant's Sabbath School was celebrated on the 2nd and 3rd November. On tbe Sunday two sermons f wire preached by Mr. S. Stnnton to large congregations, and the children recited in splendid style. On Monday the children's and public tea, given by Mr. Pallant, were well attended. A public meeting followed, Mr.jS. Stanjon being in the chair. Ad dresses jeere delivered by Messrs. John Pallant and E. J. Hocking. Tbe proceeds amounted to 10a. more than, ever raised be fore «t this place. The children were re galed with oranges, lollies, wad almonds u abundance. Votes of thanks to the eburman, -Mr. Pallant and family, Mr. Sanderfe, and Mr. and Miss Jarvis brought soother «ueeenful anniversary' to a close. ' ' -. , ; ' ..: ; WoobcttBSXBB, Jfov. 10. The hay harveBt lifere'iB -at its height, ana! t@d*4|ra$. J0ems, generally good — unfor- tunately -tfce weather is apt very favourable for.^j^^^for theTe ^ too inn& Wind or too' much ram. This afteriiopn we have Jiad-^^eavy thunderstorm, for an i hour lia'd' a half. 'The ra]n ipame -down in I - torrents accompanied by some sharp thunder ^ and lightning, «nd there is now every ap pearance of more rain. I expect the creek / will be-rniiBtbg-in torrents in the morning ; but it jnU -not hinder our new bridge, for the tenders, ^were put opt so late that oo one had;ihtfjenairce of spblyingior the con tracfe jffld 6o,£bputt the beet month in the yearns thrown away. . ....??..?.?-: ?:|-..',- ,)Thje ^hjealiias a very favourable app^ar ance,^aU,round 2tere, and 1 heard a farmer say-yesteriay 4hat he -had searched and coj^jqpSi^ee.iBaign of rust anywhere V so unless something altogether unexpected and improbable should happen. I think there is s good chance of a generally gook harvest. I have not heard a farmer find, /suit or indulge io ,ihe proverbbial English grumble, and I take tbat as a vary .?;.-. !i'^'-- vc.'. -.?_ ? ? ? '. — — --r—-T™'t-~ :-~. — -3oolwa, Nov. 11. :Qin$ifmiayrXhv'Avoca, Captain Mier«* , . ,a«$!r|aj^^ith;«35 bales of jgggL/Jk* I Mun^oo brought down betw-^|^^^aud 500 bales early this week also. We have passed through Goolwa during this season about 12000 bales, and the various vessels lying at Port Victor have taken a fair proportion directly to see the. old country. Goolwa Fishing Company— ar- rangements have been made to supply Adelaide with a considerable quantity of tbe splendid fiBh from the Coorong, by McConnachy'e party, and with a view of their immediate transmission to Adelaide they have purchased a large and light strong wagon, established relays of horses, and still further as the occasionally strong cur rents, and contrary winds 'frequently cause delay, the Company have engaged the steam launch Portee, which will be driven by Mr. Kilgour, an engineer who has had experience in many of the river, boats.- In this manner fish caught after midnight may be received 'all alive' at Goolwa at 5 &.m.} when, the horses being ready, will start for tbe metropolis, and reach there before the summer noon heat has had time to cause deterioration. Mr. Spencer, the well-known host of the Goolwa. Hotel, with Mr.^ Clark, of the local brewery, have mainly arranged these developments of the most important industry. The City can be . provided with considerable quantities of mo*t wholesome and nutritious food during the season of the year when a constant ad herence to a meat diet is most certainly deleterious. The elegant little steam launch Singapore, in charge of Mr. Alex ander, being hired a few days ago by Mr. D. McLean to give a run down stream to some visitors, . proceeded to the Murray Mouth j some adventurous spirits would have essayed the passage while the rollers were curling high and casting aloft volumes of foam and spray ; but the sagacious Alexander said in colonial parlance that 'it wasn't good enough,'' so they steamed up the Cooronpr as far as the fishing station, where, at 3 80, the men were already at work netting. On the following morning at daybreak the *' four fishers' arrived, having continued their toil till midnight. Hard work this in the cold nights to be followed by a 9 miles heavy pull with a laden boat against wind and tide. These indefatigable workers deserve every success. The Prince of Wales'a Birthday was religiously kept bere yesterday. The Ellen made an excursion trip to the Murray Mouth and Coorong, in aid of the Goolwa Institute, but owing to the boisterous state of the weather was not very largely patronised. On the return at about 5 p.m. the voyagers had barely time to reach their homes when a blinding storm of rain poured down, accompanied by vivid flashes of lightning, and now and then a deep roll of thunder, but the electric circle was evidently far distant, as many seconds elap sed between'the flash and the reverberation. Householders say that their tanks were raised from 6 to 8 inches during about two hours rain. There is not in my knowledge any official gauge here, but torn iiiy ex perience, I should eay three-quarters of an inch would have been registered. As * sequel to the river trip, an- -entertaiouient was held at the Institute, entitled ' Robin son Crusoe.' Mr. E, Jacobs read the text, and a chorus of litte boys and girls sang the choru«. As for instance when Mr. Jacobs read with powerful emphasis the scene descriptive of the immortal ' Robin eon' perceiving the approach in canoes of the fierce cannibals, the chorus melodiously warbled a soug to the appropriate melody of ' Paddle your own Canoe.' Possibly the great &o; ; -Ebe-1 tieve* expected - a» practical an illustration of this great scone in this world renowned novel, but when children eing these anachuorisims are pardonable and sometimes pleasing, from an extravaganza point of view. Mr. Jacobs also conducted, while Mies Tripp most pleasingly accompanied on the piano. The children sang very nicely, and the Hall con sidering the weather was well filled, the takings amounting to £20, which goes to the benefit of the Institute. Rather an unpleasant accident happened to tbe new Government Goods sheds the other day. Mr. Wishart's fore man, who was trying experiments with dynamite, managed to blow several holes through the roof. The damaged sheets of iron have been replaced with new ones by Mr. Bullen. The survey party have taken another flit, and are now camped at Point Sturt ; they expect to finish the survey ot the lakes before Christmas. The estimated cost of flagstaff recently erected here with appiances is £70. . ? « ? Bletchlet, Nov. 11. For some days previous to Monday, the 10th inet., we experienced hot, sultry, and oppressive weather, which culminated in a very windy day on Monday. The morning of that day gave strong indications of rain ; but the clouds subsequently blew over, and the day, until about 4 o'clock p.m., was dry. Ab evening drew near, the gather ng and thickening of clouds, the faint light ning flash, the sound of distant thunder, and the choppy nature ot the wind be tokened a coming s'orm. A very few minutes elapsed, and it became evident that a storm of no ordinary force was rapidly approaching. A few minutes more and one of the fiercest gales experienced here for many years burst over this locality. To give a true and graphic description of the scene is beyond my power, pronouncing it 'simply terrific,' only gives a faint idea of tbe reality. Tbe wind blew with ten fold force, the dust-storm transformed day light into darkness, the rain poured in tor rents, tbe lightning flash was blindingly vivid, and the thunder's roar caased tha. earth to tremble. Animated Nature stood aghast -awaiting a universal eoljapse, the general dissolution of all things. Hay cocks were whirled, tossed, and driven be fore the wind to— goodness knowa where. Sheds were stripped of their roofing, which had stood the test of years. ^Strong build ings shook to their foundations. The flats were inundated, and. the parched, Jand speedilyljecamepools of water. Wapstraw was absorbed in deep meditation and serf-' ous reflection. To him it was a time «fJ painful suspense.: His bad ?deeds— like the ghost in t Hamlet— passed beforejbia atental, vision,- he wpaj^n^F©, ^ad, -and deeply ' humbled, Jand-promlBbd thtee and^then toji amend his ways. He has often done this same thing before* and it is to he-hoped that he wiH'^ow^arry Ms*t^i«BtolveV into pnclicepept a worse thing HDj^Be^mtb him^which u lieedle-«.« '&'' ©?'?''* ? *t~ 'A fortnight has passed away since I last wrote to you, and I am happy to say that red rust has not yet appeared 'to any alarm ing' degree. Being in Adelaide a few days ago, 1 had an opportunity of witnessing the deep interest: taken in the farmer.: by nearly: all the business men in tbe city. Yes, they seem to be aware 'of thiB^BctJth8t--if: the farmers reap - a good . crop and make money but of it/ they (the business men) will also reap some benefit. But I' concluded, in my own mind, that these eame business men were not concerned about Wapstraw saving a little, 60 much as his paying up .arrears. Oh no, they wish to have all of iWapstraw's hard earned savings, and: it strikes me, they know how to get it. 'Our polished, politeV and painstaking par-; liament is ?? off for the holidays.' )1, am not sure that the country would 'ehflfer^ should not one yof rrthem return. *What good have these wise1 heads accomplished during the session Just .closed? I know not of one measure that was placed before the people at the last election as a testing question being attempted. A few paltry measures have passed into law, which will cause endless annoyance and must soon be altered, but the more important matters are left for the Government to prepare and mature ! Goodness knows that they have had already time enough to ' prepare and mature' said measures, were they capable and willing so to do.. . .. _ j : .- .' . ! . . JkyjSLLESGTOET.-NoV. Jl, . . There was thunder,: lightning, and -rain here yesterdayrJafternoon, accompanied by very high wind. One squall towards even ing uprooted mSny trees, broke down others, and very nearly did what the Albert Road Board have failed to do, viz., remove the old wine shanty at East Wellington from off the main road. An outbuilding which did-duty«8 a dead- house (that ie,4,6e place where wedders were put to sleep themselves sober) was struck by the squall and scat tered all abroad. The main building was also severely hit, but not altogether de molished. There were two sand-slips at West Wel lington. As they were on the upper side of the Ferry no harm was done. The new telegraph line from Callington to Border Town via Panbroke is poled to near Cooke's Plains. There is no main road from Thelem Bend to the Plains, and at least nineteen generations will pass be fore a road of any kind is either made or 'required in that direction. There seems to be a great immigration of rabbits set in from Victoria, their route being through the scrub to the Murray. Several of the scouts of this advancing army of bunnies have reached the river at various points between East Wellington and the boundary of the colony up' the Murray. Cooke's Plains will be sure to have plenty of these overland rabbits, and the Laird of Wellington Lodge will find them, a greater difficulty to- mb out titan. the cockies were. The Laird o* Cockpen was possessed of three marked qualities — ' he was proud, he was great, and his mind was ta'en up wi* the affairs o* the Btate. This last quality is not one wilh which the lairds of this colony are generally endowed —they are generally concentrated in self. Tbe landing stage for passengers at the Ferry (east side) is commenced, and will soon be finished. The contractor, Mr. -J, Sedunary, has go a-head-in-him.- His jobs, are never long in hand. There .are sodip. obstructions between the landing -and the:. causeway which the .Albert Koad -Baard would oblige parties ^using'^he Ferry by. getting removed. ^. ' ' : Theie was a cricket match played here yesterday, married v. single. 'Tbe married me^j won in a canter. The victors had the appearance of men who were cared for? their defeated opponents looked like men whom nobody owned, but they were not wedders. ... .. .._ Bull's Cbkkk, Nov. 11. Yesterday, near. 5 o'clock, we were visited- by-*' storm 'of't&intler;, HgWtriinj^ wind, and torrents of rain, which lasted over an hour-snd-a-balf, uprooting trees, wr-nching off limbs, b)owing over fences, levelling down soui- heavy crops of wheat and linseed, and doing. other damage; the like has seldom been witnessed before. '. Some of our juvenile rechabres and their friends kept tbe holiday in honour of the Prince of Wales' birthday. They were rather too late in dispersing, and were caught in the -storin ; before they arrived home they were drenched to tbe ekin, some what resembling drowned rat* ; they wre also unfortunate with their umbrella*, hav ing th*m turned inside out. The rainfall up io 9 a.m. this morning wai 1-400. 