A Prisoner Shot Dead We gather from the Coonamble Independent of the 5th, the following particulars of the exciting chase after, and death of the prisoner Mont gomery : — At the inquest on tne body, William Brown, constable in tlhe mounted police force, stated that he arrostod the de ceased on a charge of stealing a saddle, bridle, and breastplate, the property of one James Humphry ; that he started with him and James Humphry, the owner of the saddle, from Curban, on Friday morn ing last, and came without any diffi culties occuring till within about a mile and a half of Coonamble, and then Montgomery said, " Let us pull up the horses, I want to have a talk with you," Brown replied that they would have plenty of time to talk wnen they got into Coonamble; that it was getting dark, and it was necessary to push on. They cantered on a little futher, and then Brown pulled up, and the others did so likewise. Montgomery then said, " Now I have got the two of you together, you can get me out of this if you try." Brown asked him how, and Montgomery replied, "You are the men that can save me if you like to try; you need not say anything about what I told you when you arrested me this morning." Brown then told him that he would not go into the box and swear a lie ; that he would not risk getting two years, to get the best man in the world out of trouble, and that he would not risk two years to put him in for it either. Montgomery immediately said " Then, take that, " striking the con- stable a violent blow over the back of the shoulder blade, and along the back of the neck. Constable Brown fell forward in the saddle through the force of the blow, and was half stunned for a few seconds. On coming to himself, he looked and saw Montgomery and the horse in the scrub, about 120 yards away, both on the ground, and the de ceased off the horse, and clear of it. Humphry called out "There he goes, over in the scrub." Constable Brown then told Humphry to catch the horse, and wont after Montgomery, who was running up the river, in an oppo site direction. The horse was trott ing away down the river. Brown galloped up in front of Montgomery, and covered him with a revolver, telling him to surrender, or he would shoot him. Deceased said " I don't care for all the b----- pistols in the world, " and started running to meet the horse which Humphry had turned back. Brown then cantered round, and got between him and the horse, and again covered him with the revolver. Mont gomery then ran among some saplings which grew in the scrub ; he said " Shoot away and be d— — d to you, I don't care for you. " Brown replied " I will shoot you if you don't surrender ; I will put up with none of your tricks. " Montgomery said "Very well, wait till I get my hat. " Brown then told Humphry to get off his horse and put the handcuffs on deceased. Deceased then said, "No, I won't have the hand- cuffs on ; if he tries to put the handcuffs on, I will kill the pair of you. " He said further, "I came along right enough all day, and I'll go into Coon- amble the same way if you let me on the horse. " Brown replied, "Very well get on the horse, and give no more nonsense, or as sure as you are living I will shoot you if you try to get away from me." Montgomery then said, "Never mind, I'll go in all right; I have had enough of it. " Deceased then got on his horse, and as soon as he was seated in the saddle, he said, ' Now, you b--y wretch, try it again." Just before Montgomery got on the horse, the constable had returned his pistol to its pouch, and had the hand- cuffs in his hand ; and as soon as Montgomery mado use of the last expression, he stuck his heels into the horse, and caused it to plunge away in front. Brown then rushed his horse in front and stopped deceased, who thon wheeled hishorse round, and raced off in ths direction of ths river. Brown threw the handcuffs he held at prisoner, for the purpose of stopping him, but missed his aim. He then drew his pistol and started after him. Montgomery had then about 50 yards start. Constable Brown then called out, " Stand, in the Queen's name, or I will shoot you." Montgomery replied, " Shoot away, I don't care a d — n for you. " Constable Brown fired a couple of shots over deceased's head, calling on him all the time to surrender. Montgomery started to laugh at the constable, and said "Try it again, and see if you can do it this time. " He then jumped his horse down the steep bank into the river bed. Constable Brown attempted to follow, but his horse swerved on the top of the bank, and ran along the side, dashing Brown against a tree, knocking him from his horse. As soon as Brown got on his feet, he turned, took aim, and fired at the deceased, who immediately called out " Holy Ghost, you have shot me. " He was in racing attitude in thesaddle, leaning very much forward, and about 80 yards distant. Brown then jumped on his horse, and raced after deceased, firing another shot at him without taking aim. Montgomery called out, '"Oh Christ, that's two, now catch me you b— — y wretoh if you can." At this time both the constable and the deceased were going at a racing pace along scrubby island in the middle of the river. Brown succeeded in cutting a corner, and got to about 30 yards from deceased. It was then nearly dark. It was just possible to see the sights of the pistol. Constable Brown took aim at the middle of his back, and fired. Montgomery called out that is three, I am done. I have had enough." He pulled up his horse suddenly. The coustable raced up alongside of him. He said, " Oh God, you havo shot me three times. I am dead. " He got hold of the pummel of the saddle with one hand, and threw his right leg over and got off the horse in on ordinary way; he said "You've killed me." Brown said, "Will you surrender, or I I'll give you .some more?" He eaid» I " Oh I have had or "nh, I am killod!'1 I He then took a eiup backwards and I rolled down the bank of the river. I Constable Brown further stated that I from the way Montgomery got off his horse lie did not think he wan hit, but that he was only pretending. Brown states he the jumped off the horse and Went down tho bank to him, and lifted his head up hill. He groaned a good deal four or five minutes. The de ceased breathed for about 10 minutes, and then his jaw fell. The deceased wr&tbon; removed in the spring oart to OJpjpnblo. Dr. Littlo saw. the de- oeaSed there, and out one of the bullets that wpb . lodged just under the skin, beneath the arm, another bullet ap peared to have gone right through deoeased. Tho stick deoesed struok the constable with was a stout stick of boxwood, having a knob at one end. . Constable Brown further stated that the reason he did not . put the handcuffs on before starting from Durban was that Montgomery begged very pitifully not to be hand cuffed, aud promised not to make any attempt to escape. The deceased never spoke after he fell down the bank. James Humphry corroborated the evidence of constable Brown, and swore positively , to his striking the constable twice with the stick, whioh was green box ; the effeot of the blow nearly stunning tho constable, almost knock ing him of his saddle. When the pri soner started off, his horse got one of his fore feet into a deep hole, and threw deceased over its head. Humphry also identified a stick produoed as the one used by Montgomery to strike the constable with, but could not Bay how he came by it ; he must have broken it off a tree on the journey. Dr. Little who made a post-mortem examination, ave evidence to the faot that both ullet wounds were mortal, each hav ing penetrated the lungs and one hav ing gone right through the left lung, smashing it . up, and coming out through the ribs, about three inoheB under the coller bone. The deoeased could not livo many minutes after hav ing received a wound of this character. The jury, after . deliberation, found the following verdict:— We find that the deceased, James Montgomery, oaine to his death by bullet wounds, occasioned by shots fired by eonstablo Bowen, while in the discharge of his duty, the said James Montgomery being then his prisoner, and attempting to eaoape, and we find Buqh shooting to be justifiable homicide ; We are further of opinion that the police ought to take greater precautions in at onoe handcuffing prisoner, before attempting to travel with them. 