THE AMALGAMATED CHRISTIAN DOC TEINE CONFEATEENITIES. In order to ensure unity of action and uniform compliance with the rules of the Christian Doc trine Confraternities, the Very Rev. Dean Sheri dan, V.G. undertook last year to amalgamate the several confraternities in Sydney and the suburbs and place them under the supervision of a Central Council. This Council is composed of the chaplain, president, vice-president, treasurer, and secretary of each branch, having the Very Eev. Dean Sheridan, V.G., as Chaplain-General. From the Central council a president-general, a vice president, treasurer, and secretary have also to be elected annually, and Mr. F. Bell, Vice President of St. John's C. D. Society, Mr. D. Brown (Sacred Heart), A. Fan-ell, and Charles Doyle wore chosen at the last election, held in May, to fill these offices respectively. It was arranged then that on Sunday afternoon last the officers of the Central Council, and the various other officers, should be presented to his Grace the Archbishop in St. Mary's pro-Cathedral. At half -past 3, the members of the various branches, about 600, assembled in St. Mary's Seminary, from which they marched in procession to the Cathedral. The procession was a very imposing one, and was witnessed by a largo number of persons who had assembled for that purpose. The cross was borne at the head, and was followed by the lady members. Each society carried banners, all of which attracted much attention, especially those borne by the members of St, Francis' parish. Just as all were assembled in the church, his Grace arrived, and, with the Vicar- General and various chaplains, took up position in front of the altar. The Very Eev. Dean Sheridan, V.G., on his Grace the Archbishop takinc his seat, took occa sion to state, for the information of those present who were not members of any of the Christian Doctrine Confraternities, that amongst the rules approved of last year by hia Grace for their guidance and direction was one to the effect that annually ' the election of officers and councillors must be confirmed, before they entered upon official duty, by the Most Reverend the Arch bishop.' It was, therefore, in compliance with the spirit of this rule of the society that not only the officers sind councillors but also the ordinary members of the nino associated Confraternities of tho city and suburbs assembled there that afternoon to be presented by their respective chaplains to his Grace for his paternal benediction. Ho would himself, in the first place, present the President (Mr. Bell) and members of the Central Council, and would afterwards call upon the Very Eov. and Eov. Chaplains to present each his own Confraternity according to seniority of the churches which they represented. Ho (the Vicar-General) was glad to be able to inform his Grace that the expectations formed respecting the utility and necessity of Biich a representative body as a Central Council have been fully realized. Perfect unity of action, as regards tho general working of the various confraternities, has been completely secured ; while, at the same time, any undue interference with local operations is scrupulously discoun tenanced. It would, ho was sure, afford his Grace great consol tion to learn that there existed among the members a true spirit of fraternal charity, manifesting itself in a holy rivalry in the performance of good works, one towards another. He indulged the hope that through the blessing of God and the blessing of their Archbishop that afternoon they would persevere in their well doing towards the little ones of Christ, and thus be sharers alike in the labours and rewards of those, whether clergj' or laity, who work dis interestedly for the glory of Gfod and the salva tion of souls. The President-General (Mr. F. Bell) and the officers of the Central Council were then pre sented to his Grace, each one reverently kissing, as he took his hand, his Grace's ring. Both the lady and gentlemen officers of each confraternity were in the same manner presented. His Grace addressed them as follows : — It is most gratifying, I must confess, to see so large a gathering of our Catholic people in this Pro-Cathedral this evening. And I cannot but feel satisfied that by thus from time to time assembling together, and counting their strength, the members of tho Christian Doctrine Confra ternity will become more and more conscious of their power for good, and of their importance. Union is strength in many ways j and by means of the Central Council and of the new organiza tion both union and strength are much enhanced. The fact of the various members from our different churches meeting here and getting to to know each other, and comparing notes; the fact of my thus having an opportunity, which otherwise I should not have, of addressing you as one compact body ; the fact of kneeling together before one altar, and uniting as members of one great society, cannot but produce a good effect. I feel little doubt that many of you haAre been impressed this evening much as I have been. When I saw that long imposing procession of some five or six hundred of you, marching with your banners round this church, and remembered that each one of you had freely undertaken to become teachers of Catholic truth to our Catholic children, I could not help exclaiming to one who was next to me : 'As long as these are at work religion will not die out !' Impressed by your numbers, and by what I knew to be your generous spirit, I was deeply sensible of the good work that you are doing. And I believe this impression has been created on others, on many amongst you, as well as on myself ; and it is such impressions as these that give courage, strength, earnestness to those who have in hand a work that requires all these qualities. And on looking on you now assembled in such large numbers before me — what is my first impression ? My first thought is : here is a large meeting of Catholic men and women who are ensased in a service which is of immense advantage to them selves. They have had the grace and the good ness spontaneously to undertake a labour that will be to them a source of much personal perfection and spirituality, a work our Lord especially loves especially rewards — the instructing and teaching of little children in the way in which they should walk. I look upon your wark as that of an apostleship. I believe you will be blessed and rewarded as apostles deserve to be who freely spend themselves on a high, spiritual undertaking. I say then to you all : Seize hold of this great privilege ; make the most of it for yourselves ; you can gain untold good from it ; it can be made the means of saving and sanctifying your souls. I think this itself is an enormous blessing for per sons living in the world — to belong to this sort of religious sodality or order, where you all unite in one certain religious undertaking, are asso ciated in certain prayers, c;tn gain certain indul gences on account of your holy work. And you should make the most and best of it. It is quite worth your while to enter into it with the highest motives, to be content with none but the highest ; accepting it out of love for our Lord ; doing it for His especial sake, and doing it lovingly, care fully, and with perseverance, because you are doing it for Him. He loved little children with a marked affection. He wished them to be ' suffered to come' to Him. Those who shall be saved will assemble there. Now you have been called or inspired to take our Lord's place in this. You have undertaken to teach them our Lord's will and law ; to educate them, and train them in His doctrine ; and to assist them in saving their souls. You have given up your leisure and resting-time thus to work. You are doing some thing most pleasing to our Saviour, and I do be lieve He will especially bless yourselves, your homes, and those dear to you ; and if you work in the true Christian spirit you will be able, through this same work, to sanctify your souls. I said yours is an apostleship. And so it in. You want of time. You are supplementing them in their vocation. Your are partaking of their holy avocations ; you are participating in their labours,, and you will share in their crowns. So far for yourselves. And what is the consequence of your taking this high view of your duties in the confraternity ? It is this : that you will consider it your pleasure and your duty to acquit your selves as well as possible in your various employ ments. You will look upon the Sunday catechism and the teaching of it a3 a labour of love, and an important labour. You will do your very best at it. Punctuality and painstaking, patience and perseverance, gentleness and sweetness- you will do all that is in you to make your work a success. Thus you will acquaint yourselves, for the sake of the children, with tho doctrines of the Church, and gain a profounder knowledge of them, that you may explain thorn tho more readilv and accurately ; and you will by your own deport ment, by your zeal, by your personal piety, by your exact observance of the rules, become more and more able to impress the ehildron, moro and more devoted to tho great apostleship to which you have the happiness to belong. I need not eay how deeply tho clergy prize your services ; I need not say how heartily I thank yon for them, and how earnestly I beg of our Lord to shower down upon each one of you His choicest blessings — that you may grin all you can, spiritually, from your high duties ; that you may do much good to the souls of tho children you instruct ; and that, having per severed in this ftpoatloship during your health md strength, you may be blessed -with that end less reward which our Lord has promised to those who perform works that seem humble in them selves for His love's sake. ' Well done,' may He say to each one of you, ' well, dono thou good' and faithful servant ; for having been faith ful in a few things ' — that is, in teaching the little children I confided to thee — 'I will place bhee over many. Enter into the joys of thy Lord !' Dear children, from my heart I wish you this great blessing. I wish it to one and all of you, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. At the conclusion of his Grace's address a hymn was sung in a very effective manner by the whole body, Mr. T. Banks presiding at the organ. This concluded this interesting ceremony. It is only left to say that the arrangements were excellent, and we are asked to state that Father Sheridan and Mr. H. Egan gave the president and officers great assistance in carrying out all the arrangements. The following is a list of the officers who were presented to his Grace : — St. Mary's : Chaplain, Rev. James Sheridan ; president, Mr. John Mahony ; vice-president, Mr. Henry Egan ; treasurer, Mr. Samuel Bray ; secretary, Mr. James Flynn ; lady president, Miss Crowe ; vice-president, Miss M'Neil ; secretary, Miss Kate Doylo. St. Patrick's : Chaplain, Father Foley ; president, Mr. Blanch field ; vice-president, Mr. Davies ; treasurer, Mr. Farrell ,? secretary, Mr. M'Alister ; and lady officers. St. Benedict's : Chaplain, Dean O'Brien ; president, Mr. M'Evoy ; vicepresi dent, Mr. Boyers ; secretary, Mr. Delargy ; treasurer, Mr. Larkin ; Miss Hynes and other lady officers. Sacred Heart : Chaplain, Father Leonard ; president, Mr. Brown ; vice-president, Mr. Gettenhoff ; secretary, Mr. Fallon ; treasurer, Mr. Prendergast ; lady pre sident, Miss Moon ; vice-president, Mi3s K. Brown. St. Francis : Chaplain, Vory Rev. Dean Sheridan ; president, Mr. Smith ; vice- president, Mr. Spouncer ; secretary, Mr. Williams ; treasurer, Mr. Hunt ; lady president, MisB O'Mara ; vice-president, M'Donough. St. John's, Kent-street, south : Chaplain, Rev. P. J. Mahony; president, Mr. Horan ; vice-president, Mr. Bell ; secretary, Mr. Punch ; treasurer, Miss Elwood ; lady president, Miss O'Rouke ; lady vicepre sident, Miss A. Lawless ; lady secretary, Miss Redmond. St. Bridget's : Chaplain, Father Young ; president, Mr. Kenny ; vice- president, Mr. Kenny, junr. ; secretary, Mr. Mathews ; lady president, Mrs. Fay ; vice-president, Miss Fay. Mount Carrnel : Chaplain, Rev. J. J. Carroll ; president, Mr. M'Namee ; vicepre sident, Mr. Schnidcr ; secretary, Mr. Doyle ; treasurer, Mr. Climpson ; lady president, Miss Schnider ; lady vice-president, Miss Sullivan. Newtown : Chaplain, Eev. P. Fitzpatrick; pre sident, Mr. Mangan ; vice-president, Mr. Healey; treasurer, Mr, Hayes ; secretary, Mr. Monahan ; lady president, Miss O'Neill ; lady vice-president, Miss E. Murphy. Sacred Heart Chukcii.— During the week the Jubilee Mission has been conducted at the Sacred Heart Church by Fathers Dalton and Kelly, S.J. The mission will close on next Sunday. Throughout the week large numbers have attended, and every facility has been afforded by Father Leonard for the gaining of the con ditions of the Jubilee. Sydney Catholic Literary Association. — The usual meeting of this Association was held at the Guild Hall on Friday evening, the 13th instant, Mr. Garvan in the chair. The debate, ' That the married life is more uniformly happy than the single,' was opened by Mr. Toohey on behalf of the Ministry. The subject was well discussed, and was eventually carried in the affirmative by a large majority. It was announced by the Premier that the business for the noxfc night of meeting would be the debate ' That the British rule in South Africa has been both im politic and unchristian.' We are requested to invite attention to the fact that the meetings of the Association are now held on Friday evening in each week instead of Thursday as heretofore. The editor of the manuscript journal, The Monitor, is anxious that contributions should be sent him as early in the month as possible. Aw extremely painful accident occurred on Tuesday night to a little girl, four years old, named Emily Frances Binks, the daughter of a dealer residing at Sarah Ann-stroet. Tho poor littlo creature was left by her mother for a few minutes m tne.nouse, ana must have got too near the fire which wan burning in the kitchen, for, not more than a couple of minutes after her mother had left tliQ house, the neighbours were roused by the screams of the child, and, rushing into the house, found her clothing all 'in flamea. Although the lire was extinguished without delay, the child was much burnt, and had to be taken to the Infirm ary, where it has since died. At an inquest on Wednesday, a verdict of accidental death was re corded. Decision Under Small Debts Acr.—At the Water Police Office on Monday last, a case was called on in the Small Debts Court, in which an attorney's articled clerk informed fcho Court that ho ' appeared for plaintiff.' Mr. J. M. Curtis, solicitor, who happened to be in Court at tho time, drow tho Bench's attention to the Gocfcion of the Small Debto Act bearing upon the point, and objectod to the articled clork being time allowed to appear in tho place of a duly admitted attorney, whereupon the Bench upheld the objection taken by Mr. Curtis, declining to hoar tho articled cleric, and ordered the case to stand over for the attorney's attendance. At the Water Police Court on Wednesday William Wnterhouoe, master of tho steamer Prince of Wales, v?aa charged with having com mitted a breach of the Marino Board regulations} by causing his steamer to follow tho kto inter colonial boat rano on tho Ravramutfca Hirer, and was fined £10, inclusive of coata. In consequence! of ill-health, Lietuontint Hcrbort G. Archor-, K.IT., k.j u..'- ixd Cio com mand of H.M.S, Conflict. 