TO CORRESPONDENTS. -We destroy without; runner notice letters un accompanied by the real name and address of the writer, which are required, not necessarily for Duplication, but as a guarantee of 'gtol faiifi.. : F. FkAKKEr-— We . hfrtie already announce A ,! jkhatv we cannot fiad'rooin for mate letters about 'the Bey. Mr. 'McEwiu's deliverance .ou the ,- jiquor' traffic. llie whole driaic^^fiuestion^will ^h«.rtlj]bc|. brosij'ht before' the public again in eoimection with, proposed legislation, und tke repcrt of the Liquor Laws Commission. , I-eontjjaS.— Too long .and obscure. '' ? ' ~K..\^Z.— We do not understand your first ' question* and the second had better be addressed *n fcha Fnrest Board. ' , .! Tiip^— The Ghost Stbry decliBed with thanks. Ar^uissckiBi5B.:-— New South Wales. ,,s Ejf-iTjiEER.-^-It depends upon which colony : the newspapers coine from. New South Wales, ijue^slaiiu, andTasinania send them postage free j New Zealand and Vibtorian paper* re *quire a penny postage sfcainp. i ' f IsnicasrATioN.— We cannot publish such ft '. letter as yours with an anonymous signature. Tbe better way would.be to bring the matter before a meeting of ihote, interested. H.P.I, Bundle street — The Sydney Exhibition wilTbe opened next September, and the Mel bourne in 18S0, probably about tae same month. That is all.tlie information we are able to give pan on the subject.' . , Iqjtoeant.. 'Wqbking Mait. — Your letter would take a great deal of time and trouble to prepare it for publication. Ignoramus. — Our time is too fully occupied to permit of ova giving easy lessons in arith xnetic. Get a Tutor's Assistant, or ask the nearest schoolmaster or one of his younger pupils to settle the matter for you. . VicasM.— We cannot undertake to *' lick this letter into shape,' because as a deliverance upon the subject of the Brands Act it is quite unin telligible. Z.YJX. — You are in as good a position as we are to form an opinion. E. W. — As a general rule the Licensing Bench does not grant publicans1 licences to single men, but there is no law on tha subject. Probably, having his mother to manage the house for h\m would ba considered a point in his favor. . .... .Five Dollars. — So far as we can ascertain you cannot get your five-dollar bill cashed in the colony. ? . ' . ? ' W. R., Wirreanda.— You can remove a regis tered dog to another district than the one in which it is registered without payment of any fee. and you need not re- register it, though it would, perhaps, be more convenient to do so when the period for which it is registered has expired, and the time has arrived for payment of the annual licence fee, 5s. Sjjffebeb. — ^For.your' indigestion consult another doctor if those you have employed have done.you no good. We 'never made any, oaten cakes, tut probably Mr . Eraser, one of the mem bers for West Adelaide, could tell you how to perform that feat. . / : A. £ B., Meningie. — We do not know where the iwoks you refer to are to be obtained. 