j PICTURES IN PARLIAMENT. (FKUM OUlt OWN" CORRESPONDENT. ) i ; Melbourne, November 10. Retrenchment. . 31oritiiri to s/ilutumus. Yes, indeed, the dying salute you, dear reader, just as did the wretched gladiators who walked past Nero,- and thus made their reverence. The "Age" has " nagged" Mr Berry into a dissolution in February, and gloats over its success ; while the Ministerial followers look black | as thunder, and curse David Syme and all his works — that on " Political Economy'' as well as the rest. The Legislative Council look on the dying struggle of the Assembly wliicli has done so much against their class, and laugh demoniac ally. They are secure upon their velvet cushions, but these poor wretches — they have to go. Alorituri tc subitum us. Print it in the blackest of your type, dear editor, and put above it n skull ami cross-bones. Print also this other notice : "At the Unfinished Palace, Bourke-street East, on the 20th February, Legislative Assembly, aged two years and nine nionil."-, of a severe attack of reform on the brum, aggravated by an attack of disorganisation, caught from Gaunson and Bent." Rcsuryam. Assem blies, however, die very hard, aiid we may depend upon it that the Lower House will make a terrible noise before it gives up the ghost. Its last kick will rather astonish the people. The Legislative Council did not sit this week. Certain vene rable old gentlemen came and sat on their velvet cushions, looked at one another sleepily, and then toddled away to their carriages con tentedly. Happy Council ! The Assembly on1/ sat for two days, but they made up lor- she lost one by froth and fury. Brut to the fore, Giiunssu :i- lUerc ; T.ilkinr -"' ;-j. And s.ucSi .o spare. Oil Wednesday Mr Munro introduced, with all due care, the Council Reform Bill rag-baby. Really, the cautions way m which the member Carlton handled the little brat, and while regretting its imper fect state, said he in t nided a dissolution here, a joint meeting there, and a lower qualification in the other place, was admirable. The Hon. James is getting as acute as the great J. J. He didn't want to annoy any one, but he thought this bill Mould be considered and amended, and ho was sure the Council would agree to his amendments. But lie charmed in vain. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen looked at the bantlnnr with scorn, and pro- ducing the Ministry" -i own baby, said that was champion of the show, and they wouldn't have the other one on any account. And Sir Bryan O'Loghlen spoke sense when lie said so. because the farce of two Reform Rills before the As sembly is a little too much. If Mr Munro hoped to find the Ministry asleep, he v|as considerably7 out. Ministerial members at once fired upon him. and only J. G. Dufty was found to approve. The bill was finally adjourned for a fortnight, and Mr Mnnro will ask the very silly7 question as to whether the Government will give him the whole of the 19th November for its con sideration, and further, will the Ministry oppose it ? Will a fish swim ? After the refreshment hour, Mr Berry moved that the House sit on Tuesdays and Thursdays at two o'clock. Mr Gaunson at once launched out against the countrymembers, whom he blamed for this, and said if a man had to earn a living lie could not manage to attend the House ; whereupon the country members reminded him. that if he talked less there wculd be no necessity7 for a two o'clock sitting. At this Mr Gaunson was very wrath. The object of the Ministry7, said the member for Ararat, was to run through several swindles while he was out of the House, but he would see them somewhere first. The Opposition and the Corners would keep watch while he 'was absent, and when he did come, look out ! that was all. If he could only7 get six members like himself and the member for Brighton — "if," said Mr Gaunson— and lie looked. The six good members and true not forthcoming, Mr Gaunson had to allow the motion to pass, contenting him self with saying that the meeting of the House at two o'clock would be useless. After this, Mr Bent arose to make what he intended to be a tremendous motion, but which turned out stale. The French have a phrase, Ton jours perdrix (always pleasant;, and for Mr Bent's delectation I would suggest he should slightly7 alter it to Toujour s Barry (always Berry), and fix on his hat. He took the Audit Commissioners' report as his text, and went at Ministers one after the other. He was particularly7 hard on Mr Woods, who sat still and studied plans of the Spencer and Flinders streets junction. The Opposition cleared out almost to a man ; they wouldn't support Mr Bent ; and the Ministerialists went oft' to write letters to constituents, or to otherwise amuse themselves. But Mr Bent laboured on with his task for two mortal hours. Mr Bent was never made to be a great speaker ; he was specially made to be a parenthetic — if I may coin a phrase. He should not attempt long speeches. After lie had unfolded liis budget, Mr Purves, who had come in in his war-paint, went to work. He was a trifle more subdued than usual ; perhaps lie dreaded the Speaker would come down on him ; but, for all that, he allowed his bitter tongue to do good work. Occa sionally7 he got Ministers into a rage, and then there was & "shine." Then Mr Cooper, the niany7-worded member for Creswick, wanted to have the question adjourned, bnt of tliis Ministers would not hear. While the struggle went on for the adjournment, couriers were sent all over the House to see how matters stood. The scouts arrived with the information that the Ministerialists were all in the House, while the Opposition and the corners were not so well represented. Mr MacBain had pressed into lie room, and there found fourteen Ministerialists enjoying whiskey and dudeens. Under such cir cumstances a division would never do. So, after a good deal of speering, it was avoided, by Mr Berry giving way to the Speaker, who pleaded to be let off, as, otherwise, a stonewall would take place. On Thursday the two o'clock business was tried, and Mr ihe first part of the sitting answered very well. Mr Zox was to the front exliibiting hats invoiced at Is, Is Id, and taxed 1000 per cent., but he could get no sympathy7, poor man. Neither could Mr Bird, who championed the Chinamen, and wanted the tax taken oft' rice ; and who was defeated by 32 to 1-i. The result was that the tariff and the stamp duties were reported, and ordered to be printed, and read a second time ; post-office orders being exempted in the latter. There was a fight over the esti mates for public works, Mr Cooper said the Commissioner liad increased the expenditure and made a lot of appoint ments. Mi' Patterson said he hadn't ; and the return obtained by the Council wanted explanation. "So do a lot of things," said Mr Bent. The earlier part of the evening was devoted to stonewall ing by Mr Mason ; the latter one to stone walling by Mr Gaunson. The Gippsland members were to the fore, indeed, on Thursday7 night. Mr Mason's trouble was the Licensing Bill. He wanted the money paid for licenses in the new Shires of Buhl Bu!:i and Napracan paid back to the local councils. Patterson wouldn't do it. Those places had already had £16,000 of I public money7 ; and if South Gippsland and its members showed themselves too avaricious, Parliament would be disposed to give them no more. Mr Gillies condemned Mr Mason unreservedly. After a while that gentleman gave way," on a promise being made that " a note would be made of his wishes." The amusement in committee of supply, with Mr F. L. Smyth in the chair, was great. Mr Gaunson was in fine form. He in dulged in hits all round. First lie referred to the puzzle members had found in making out who was the third rat in Punch7 s cartoon of the rats, lleaded by7 the Age, leaving the sinking ship, Berry. He was sure the third rat was Mr Andrew. Hereupon the member for West Mel bourne exclaimed in lioly7 horror, " There he is," pointing to Mr Dow, who' was at the table. Then Mr Gaunson said he wished he could say of the hori. member for Kara Kara what the Aye said of him, that it was no common rat, that it was an audacious rat, ' that it was a rat that walked across the floor with its tail erect. (Roars of laughter.) Mr Dow writing away for bare life — did he write ' ' rat" by mistake — but, said Mr Gaunson, this- was the meanest possible specimen of a rat. Perhaps, his boss, the Great Syme, was a greater. After eleven, Mr Bent rose to establish a stonewall. " Mr Smyth, Mr Smyth, Mi'ste?- Smyth," he screamed. But the member for North Gippsland was blind to the member for Brighton, and declined the vote passed, and vacated the chair. When Mr James, who was acting Speaker, took his seat, there was an uproar. Mr Gaunson de nounced Mr Smyth, and said he would stonewall his judgeship. There would have been a late sitling, only Major Smith proniiscd to bring on the Public Works vote again ; and it was generally7 affirmed that Mr Smyth would explain on Tuesday7. On that day there will be a good battle : and so at half-past eleven — 7 he members fled The road to bed — The wicked to revelry ; The stonewall pair, To talk to air, And plot more devilry. . 