NEWS OF THE DAY. -? The Superintendent of Telegraphs informed us yesterday that he received the following message from Batavia :?-" Next regular mail from Batavia for Singapore, Sunday evening, 12th instant." About 2 o'clock this morning we learnt that communication was restored on the Batavia Singapore cable last evening. The practice of a local players for the coming match against Lord Harris's eleven will commence on Friday next, on the Association Ground. Although beaten by the Australian eleven at Melbourne, the English team are not by any means to be estimated lightly, and as Messrs. Walker and Penn will in all probability play against the representatives of this colony our players may find it somewhat difficult to achieve victory. Including six of the Australian team, viz. : Gregory, Murdoch, Garrett, Spofforth, and the brothers Bannerman, sixteen prominent metropolitan players have been nominated, and it is to be hoped that practice will be vigorously carried out. We understand that Evans has obtained the necessary leave of absence to enable him to take part in the contest, and, as the English team have heard a good deal about his ability as a bowler, no doubt he will do his best to work up to his' proper form, and justify his reputation. Is our advertising columns will be found a notice appealing to the public for support to the " Artisans'" Working College and Home for Orphan Boys." Writing in reference to this subject, the Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., K.C.M.G., says :-" I commend heartily to your support, and that of all others likely to feel interested in a grand experiment, and useful as well as charitable object, the establishment of Mr. Anderson, in aid of which he is seeking donations. Here is a man who, for no selfish ends, and for twelve months unassisted by any one except his wife, has commenced, and until of late successfully carried out, a 'home for Fatherless Boys'-receiving into his house eleven of these unprotected lads, feeding. clothing, and educating them; teaching them not merely to read and write, but, by learning a trade, to maintain themselves in after life. All this in a home ; where the boys live as a family, and not, as they would be at Randwick or on board the Vernon, herded together in a huge enclosure, from which the idea of home, with its natural influences for good, is of necessity excluded. Mr. Anderson - now asking the public to assist him in this his most interesting effort. He invites inquiry and inspection: and I for one, who have visited the institution, the workshop, and the dwelling, trust that he will not appeal in vain." On Monday, the Hon. Professor Smith, M.L.C. was again elected President of the Council of _aucanon. A deputation, consisting of delegates from the various Municipal Councils, will wait upon the Hon Minister for Works at noon, to-day, in reference to the important subject of city and suburban railway extension. It is hoped that the deputation will be well attended. Its members will meet at the Exchange at half-past 11, to arrange their business previous to their interview with the Minister. A new style of advertising businesses seems to be coming into vogue in this city. A well-known draper has been exhibiting a lime light at his establishment for some time and last night some magic lantern views were displayed in front of a fruiterer's shop in Pitt-street, a large crowd of spectators being gathered at the place. An interesting entertainment also took place at the Royal Hotel, which brought a gathering of about 8000 persons to witness it. A number of views were exhibited, several of them being excellent hand-painted scenes, copies of celebrated paintings. Amongst the latter was one which is to appear in the next number of the Sydney Mail. This exhibition was successfully conducted by Mr. Louis M. Keyzor. A meeting of the Captain Cook Statue Committee was held at the Supreme Court yesterday afternoon, I Sir Alfred Stephen presiding, to consider what steps [ should be taken by the committee in view of the ceremony of unveiling the statue next month, and also to decide how a balance of £168 should be disposed of. It was resolved that those present should form a deputation to the Colonial Secretary to-morrow, to learn what arrangements the Government intend to make. Fire Council of the Agricultural Society held its usual monthly meeting, at the society's rooms, George-street, yesterday. There was a good attendance of members. The president and vice-presidents being absent, Mr. J. Living was voted to the chair. The principal business was the discussion of 3 motion brought forward by Mr. G. Pile, for the rescission of a resolution passed on the 24th December last, affirming that an agricultural show should be held in Sydney in April next. The main objection of Mr. Pile and those who sided with him to the resolution in question was that it was unwise to hold a general exhibition in the face of the International Exhibition, which would take place a few months afterwards. There appeared to be no objection to the holding of a stock show simply. it was stated, a, rts other hand, that the intention was simply to «£&_£* show, with the addition of a few other ' USA to attract the public. Ultimately, the motion 'be withdrawn. A schedule for the proposed Exhibition as drawn up by a sub- committee, was submitted and adopted. It will be observed, on reference to the 'traded report, that sheep have been omitted from the M in anticipation of a sheep show later in the year if concession for the exhibition of sheep be made by the International Exhibition Committee. This course has been adopted because April is an unfavourable time of the year for the exhibition of sheep. " '3 On New Year's Eve Mr. James Kidman, proprietor of several grocery establishments hero, entertained upwards of fifty of his employes and friends at dinner TO. K. House, Oxford-street. Mr. J. Kidman occupied the chair, and full justice was done by the guests to the excellent repast provided. After the usual loyal toasts had been honoured, the chairman proposed "The Employes," paying them a very high compliment for industry and ability. Messrs. Downton, Devereaux, and Morris responded and the last-named gentleman proposed the health of Mr. Kidman. During the remainder of a pleasant evening the health of Mr. Kidman, sen., was drunk, and a number of other toasts honoured. The monthly meeting of the Western Suburbs Horticultural Society was held last evening, at St. John's schoolroom, Ashfield. Usually the attendance is very large, and the exhibition of plants, &c.;, good, but on this occasion the meeting was scarcely as successful as usual. The members of committee present were Messrs. D. Bradley (chairman), A. J. Watt, M. Hall, 'R. J. Ralston, J. M. Pearce, W. S. Friend, J.' Allan, and J. Sidney (secretary). A prize of one guinea offered to nurserymen, for the best 9 pot-grown plants in flower, distinct species, lapsed for want of competition. A prize of 5s. for the best hand bouquet prepared by bona-fide amateurs was won by Mrs. Bradley. The' bouquet was a very tasteful one, excelling only slightly, however, one shown by Mr. Underwood. It was resolved that at the next meeting (on the 5th February), a * prize of one guinea should be offered for the best twelve foliage plants, and 10s. 6d. for the best six, the competition to be open to all persons, including nurserymen. A number of ladies and gentlemen members of the society were present, and some very creditable exhibits afforded them interest. Mr. Culbert sent a spray of Homes elegans, a native plant, with silky assets of a reddish purple hue, Mr. King, of Burwood, exhibited several varieties of potatoes, a fine specimen of Browne's beauty. Mr. Underwood sent about twenty varieties of roses, some dahlias, and a basket of splendid apples. Petunias, double and single, were shown by Mr. Melmoth. Hall, who also gave some bouquets for distribution by lot A collection of pansies and of other cut flowers, shown by Mr. Ralston, jun., attracted some attention, as also is a collection of pot plants sent by Mr. A. J. Watt. Messrs. Gelding also sent a collection of pot plants, including Caladium chimeras, Colenus (Silver Queen), and Korea. roses. A basket of large and beautiful peaches, shown by Mr. Underwood was much admired, and altogether, although previous meetings may have been better attended, that of last evening passed off v Tra lamented death of Captain James Sinclair has awakened the sympathies of several gentlemen immedi lately connected with the maritime interests of the port with the family of the deceased, and they are taking steps to recognize his worth in some tangible way. Captain Sinclair was one of the oldest shipmasters trading from the port of Sydney, and during his career he obtained the respect of all with whom he became connected. He has left a widow and five children totally unprovided for. Those who desire to give practical expression of their sympathy may entrust their contributions with the Marine Board ; or with the secretary, at the Sydney Exchange. We have received the fourteenth number of "The Sydnoian," a magazine edited by members of the Grammar School. The contents of it are unusually numerous and much diversified. There is much that is original in its pages, and as a series of literary effu- sions, it is creditable to its producers, and likely to gratify the tastes of those for whose edification it is intended. * The annual meeting of the St. Leonards branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held at the School of Arts, St. Leonards, on Tuesday evening. The attendance was very small. The Rev. G. C. Bode presided. The report, which was read by the Rev. J. F. Cullen, showed that the amount collected for the past year was £71 7s. 3d., being £10 above the collections of the previous year. The report was adopted, and, after an address by the Rev. W. Piddington on the work achieved by the British and Foreign Bible Society, the meeting was brought to a close. it The United Temperance Society held its first fruit soiree and entertainment in the Temperance Hall on New Year's night. There was a good attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. Fry. Messrs. C. Harris and J. Graham introduced a novelty in connection with temperance meetings by performing the Grecian Statues. The evening was further enlivened by songs and recitations given by members of various temperance lodges. sent the last quarterly meeting of the Sydney branch of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, the following officers were elected President, F. Evans; secretary, William J. Way; check steward, H. Morgan ; sick steward, R. James ; doorkeeper, D. Davis; provisional auditor, J. West. William B. Cole till William Forrester were elected delegates to the Trades and Labour Council for the ensuing term. Two new members were admitted, and the usual business was transacted, after which the meeting adjourned. ,,'0.- the 17th ultimo the pretty little church at Castlereagh was formally opened by the Bishop of Sydney, in tho presence of an overflowing congregation. The clergy who assisted in the ceremony (were the Revs. Messrs. Middleton, Brown, Allnutt, W Dr. Woolls. After the customary services in the church during which the Bishop delivered an impressive address, the company adjourned to take refreshments in tents, which had been put up for the occasion. The proceeds of the day's work amounted to 195, towards which Mr. J. D. Single, J.P., presented a cheque for £60. Everything passed off very pleasantly. The day was fine, the refreshments were £ fendant, and the Bishop, on leaving for Penrith, was udly cheered. An inquest was held yesterday at the Brecknock Arms Hotel, on the body of Robert Compton, third cook of the steamer City of Adelaide, who was found dead on Tuesday morning in the hold of that vessel. The deceased, it appears, was on shore on Monday evening, and shortly after 10 o'clock the same night he was Men to come on board the vessel by the night-watchman, George Frank. The deceased then appeared to be intoxicated. After coming on board the vessel Compton went forward and engaged in conversation With Frank until about 11 o'clock, when he went away in , the direction of his cabin. Nothing more was seen of him that night, and next morning at 4 o'clock, when Frank went to the deceased's cabin to call him, he found the cabin unoccupied, and the deceased's coat and waistcoat lying in the bunk. Frank then called Merritt, the second cook, and they searched the ship, and at length, on looking down the fore hatchway, which had been left open to wntilatethe hold, they saw the deceased lying face downwards against the Nelson and directly below the hatchway, while close beside him was a blanket which had been removed from his bunk. The chief officer was immediately sent for, and the deceased hauled on deck, HE. j was found to be extinct- Dr- Dansey examined we body, and found a star-shaped fracture on the top Pitho skull, which was probably caused by the fall own the deck. Death, however, did not result from an injury to the skull, but from suffocation, The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the de- Hawdon's found lying dead in the forehead of the ar? TmP City of Adelaide with a fracture of the skull, to the cause of death was asphyxia, but whether that nature and asphyxia were caused accidentally or otherwise there was no evidence to enable them to say. the following rider was added to the verdict The jury took opinion that the habit of leaving hatches off at night without lights about them to warn people of the danger is highly objectionable and should be discontinued. The third of the series of meetings in Sydney for Treu and universal prayer, in accordance with the programme of the Evangelical Alliance, took place last Sox in- the Baptist Church, Bathurst-street the church being well filled under the presidency (in the &"°f.the Rev. Mr. Cornford) of the Rev. Mr. Burnett. who. after a hymn of praise, road a portion of Our Lord's farewell address to his disciples. .. Prayer was then offered. The Rev. B. Kenny delivered a brief address on the subject of the evening's supplications : "For the energetic operation of the Holy Spirit in the world at large, convincing men of sin of righteousness, and of judgment; and bringing those who are merely nominal Christians under the quickening and trans- forming power of the Truth. Prayer also for Christian families for the training of the young in the fear of the Lord that they may be kept from error and evil, and especially that the grace of God may be upon them." Several gentleman, lay as well as clerk engaged in prayer, and the chairman pronounced the benediction. The Rev. T. S. Forsaith announced that the meeting this (Thursday) evening will be held at St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street, the Rev. Dr. Steel to preside, and the Rev. G. Martin to address, the subject being " for the effusion of the Holy Ghost ' upon all flesh for the continuance of peace for the establishment of righteous government; for the spread of enlightenment, good-will, and the love of justice among all nations, and for their conversion to Christ for the removal of intemperance- and other social evils ; special prayer for the nation, its Sovereign, and all in authority." The Hon. John Woods, the Victorian Commissioner of Railways, being at present on a visit to Sydney, two or threoMelbournitcs, with a few others, gave the hon. gentleman an impromptu outing in a steam launch in the harbour yesterday afternoon, during which, there being several ladies in the party, a few very pleasant hours were spent. The following cable message was received by the secretary of the Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Templars, from New Zealand, yesterday: Napier, New Zealand North. Grand Lodge of I. O. G. T. under R. W. G. Lodge of the World commenced annual session on Monday last. Session has been very successful ; Hon. Fox, ex-Premier, G.W.C.T., and Speight, G.W.S., for ensuing year. Prospects brightening. Returns fraternal greetings to Executive of G. L. of New South Wales through G.W.S. Bro. James Bakes." The half-yearly meeting of the Master Butchers' Association was held at the rooms, Temperance Hall, on Tuesday evening. Mr. Alderman Playfair occupied the chair, and, in opening the proceedings, briefly adverted to the origin of the society, and justified its continued existence. He congratulated the members upon the manner in which the annual picnic had been carried out, and trusted that their next would be equally as successful. He referred to the action of the society in promotion of legislation for the recovery of small debts, and hoped that as the Government of the colony had fallen into the hands of those who were likely to retain it for some time that this measure, so beneficial to tradesmen generally, would shortly become law. The secretary read the balance- sheet, which was adopted, and was regarded as very satisfactory, there being a balance to the credit of the society of £122 Os. 10d. The election of officers for the ensuing half-year was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows:-President, Alderman Playfair; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. Tye and Wilson ; Trustees, Messrs. Carugati, M'Neil, and Bryant; Treasurer, Mr. D. Norton ; Hon. Secretary, M. Quinlan and Executive Committee, Messrs. Woolfe, Green, Goose, Dun rich, Foy, Mitchell, Glass, Smith, O'Neil, Woodward, Shortis, Walker, and Skillicorn. The usual vote of thanks to the chairman and retiring officers brought the meeting, which was numerously attended, to a close! We have received from Mr. Goode, the manager of the Excelsior Photographic Company, a picture of the ship Northam, which was recently burned at sea. The photograph was taken last year, when the vessel was lying alongside the Circular Quay, and appears to be an excellent resemblance, the general effect being heightened by the way in which the wharf and the contiguous buildings are brought out. A telegram from Walgett states-The. J. B, Battye, late post and telegraph master here, was presented last night with an illuminated address and a purse of fifty sovereigns. Mr. H. M'Kay, the manager of the Commercial Bank, occupied the chair. and presented the address and testimonial on behalf of the subscribers." 