THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, MAR. 21, 1879. CROWDED OUT.— Owing to the arrival of the English mail we compelled to con- dense our usual home summary, and hold over our leading and other matter. THE ENGLISH MAIL.— The R.M.S. Tanjore, bringing the English mails arrived at Albany at a quarter past nine o'clock yesterday morning. A telegraphic summary of her news appears elsewhere. THE LATE FIRE IN WILLIAMSON-STREET.— It will, no doubt, be remembered by most of our readers that on the 7th ult. an unoccupied brick house in Williamson-street was desroyed by fire, and that at the time it was suspected that the fire, was the work of an incendiary. It certainly was a mystery as to how the build- ings caught fire, and the flames to obtain such a hold as to defy the efforts of the brigades to extinguish them before the place was completely gutted. The building which belongs to Mr. W.S. Best, of Spring- street,Melbourne, was insured in the National Insurance Company of Australasia for £300, and Mr. Best made the required statutory declara- tion, and claimed the insurance money. The matter, however was placed in the hands of Detective Duncan, and he is having gathered a lot of evidence, an inquiry into the cause of the fire was commenced yesteday in the War- den's Court by Mr. Strickland and a jury of fourteen. The evidence adduced tends to show that the owner, Mr. Best, made overtures at different times to two men named Davis and Homewood, to put it in plain English, to burn the place down, or as they said in their evidence, a large fire was to be left burning at night, and if any accident happened they could not help it. The case for the Crown was conducted by Detective Duncan, whilst Mr. Jno. Gillow, solicitor, Melbourne watched the proceedings on behalf of Mr. Best. Only four witnesses had been examined, when, at half-past five o'clock an adjournment was made for fourteen days. The case has assumed rather a serious aspect for Mr. Best, who, on leaving the court, was arrested by Detective Duncan, on warrant, on a charge of arson. He was brought before Mr. Strickland, and remanded to gaol, in default of finding two good surities of £100 each, and entering into his own recognisance for £200, to appear on the 3rd April. PROMOTIONS.— We understand that two pro- motions of railway officials connected with the Sandhurst Station have been decided on. The head telegraph operator in charge (Mr. H. Carkeet) has been promoted to the position of station master at Wallan Wallan on the North- Eastern line. This gentleman succeeded Mr. MacTaggart at the local station over 12 months ago and during that he has resided in Sandhurst he has gained the highest esteem of all with whom he has come in contact, whether in his official or private capacity. Mr. Carkeet's departure will, no doubt, be looked upon with regret, although his advance in the service will be hailed with satisfaction by his numerous friends. The second case is that of Mr. Maurice Drynan, who has for the past seven years been employed at the Sandhurst railway station as guard and tally clerk, who has received instructions to remove to Ballarat. Mr. Drunan, who has been latterly acting as a passenger train guard, had, by his courtesy and obliging manner to the travelling coming in contact with him, gained many friends outside his own personal acquaintances, and the members of the Bendigo Rowing Club, of which he was an active mem- ber, will lose an ardent supporter. Mr, Drynan leves for Ballarat to-morrow, where he receives permanent promotion. THE EXHIBITION.— As the time draws near for the opening of the Sandhurst Industrial Ex- hibition the interior of the building is gradually assuming an attractive appearance, which affords an idea of scene which will be presented when the exhibition is in full swing. The com- mittee complain, however, that the exhibits are not being sent in as rapidly as could be desired. It is to be hoped that as it is against the local exhibitors themselves that this complaint is principally to be made that the exhibits will be forwarded without further loss of time, as only a very few days will now elapse before the open- ing. The successful tenderer for the refresh- ment stalls are preparing for doing a big busi- ness, and each one has erected a sitting room for accommodation of their patrons. The platform for the miniature railway locomotive from Ballarat to travel on has been erected in the yard round the old mine depot, in which the working models of machinery will be exhibited. The large fountain in the centre of the Town Hall is nearly completd, and judging from the number and arrangement of the jets is should have a very pretty effect when in full play. The secretary (Mr. E. Hurst) returned last evening from a visit to Melbourne, Geelong, and Ballart. At the latter place he completed the arrangements for the exhibi- tion of the traction engine and model loco- motive, and they will arrive here on Monday next. The models of the Parliamentry buildings arrived in Sandhurst yesterday by the 11.15 p.m. train under the care of Mr. W.. Vah- land, who went to Melbourne specially to superintnd their removal. Every assistance was rendered by the Commissioner of Public Works, and as it was it was found impossible to get the models out of their position in the lobby of the Parliament House, the Commissioner very kindly gave the requisite orders for pulling down sufficient of the wall to enable this object to be accomplished. The electric light belonging to Messrs. Sands and McDougall, under the charge of Mr. Draper, will be placed in position on Tuesday next, the same having been kindly placed at the disposal of the exhi- bition committee by the above named firm. In consequence of the great demand for space, we learn that the executive committee have under consideration th erection of an additional annexe for the carriage department. We also learn that the exhibition is attracting a deal of attention all over the colony, and it may confidently be expected that when once opened, Sandhurst will be inundated with visitors. Steps are already being taken for special excursion trains to the Phœnix Foundry and the Union Foundary, of Ballarat, having moved in the matter, as the employe's from each establishement, with their wives and families, will number several hundreds. THE GLASGOW LINE FAILURE.— The Central Committee in connection with the City of Glas- gow Bank Relief Fund have an amount of £1,400 to their credit in the bank. It is ex- pected that the funds will be increased to £2,000. THE DIAMOND DRILL.— On recommencing operations for the recovery of the loose dia- monds at the bottom of the bore hole of the Diamond drill it the Great Southern yesterday, it was found that there still remained about an inch of core standing up at the bottom of the hole, which would have to be ground down before any of the diamonds could be recovered. As this obstruction could not be removed without a solid steel bit, which is being made for the purpose, Mr. Newman decided to go on boring as long as it could be done safely. Accordingly about 10 feet was successfully bored, but when the rods were drawn the "bit" and core barrel showed unmistakable signs of the pressure of the missing diamonds at the bottom of the hole. To-day a fresh effort will be made to recover the loose dia- monds. MINING ACCIDENT.— On Tuesday evening at the Central Catherine mine, Eaglehawk, a miner named Josiah Binney had a miraculous escape from being suddenly crushed out of existence, and as it was he sustained painful injuries. Binney was at work at the 525 feet level, and had just commenced to pick down some ground after a shot had been fired, when about a ton of the stuff fell away. Fortunately only a portion of the falling mass struck Binney on the right side, breaking his right arm and leg and bruising his body badly. If the falling earth had struck him fairly he would doubtless have been crushed to death in an instant. Binney's injuries, although of a painful charac- ter are not likely to result seriously. We understand Mr. Grainger, the inspector of miner (sic) , visited and inspected the mine as to the cause of the accident, but found no infraction of the Mining Statute. The danger to which the man was subjected was caused through his own carelessness in standing under the loosened earth. ST. LUKE'S PICNIC.— The annual picnic in connection with the St. Luke's Sunday School, White Hills, was held on the 17th instant, and passed off in a very successful manner. At ten o'clock in the morning the teachers and children assembled at the church and marched in pro- cessional order to the Botanical Gardens. The party consisted of over 200 altogether, and a very pleasant day was spent. At one o'clock dinner was partaken of, and at four tea was provided. During the day the children engaged in athletic and other sports, for which prizes were offered. Before the children separated, they gave cheers, for those who had subscribed for the picnic — (an amount of £12 10s. had been collected from the public) — and for the teachers, the ladies present, and the superin- tendent. Next Sunday the Rev. Canon Mac- Cullagh will address the children at three p.m. VOLUNTEER OFFICIAL INSPECTION.— Last even- ing the quarterly official inspection of the Ben- digo Rifle Corps. took place in the Orderly-room, Colonel Anderson had intended to be present, but in consequence of pressing business he tele- graphed yesterday to Captain Blackham his in- ability to leave Melbourne. There was an ex- cellent attendance of the corps, under the com- mand of Captain Blackham, about one hundred and twenty being present, inclusive of band. In the absence of the Colonel Commandant, Colonel Bull acted as inspecting officer, and was received by the corps at open order with the usual salute. After a close inspection of the men Colonel Bull addressed the corps, and said that he was sorry that Colonel Ander- son was not present to see them, but they were aware that the many calls upon the Com- mandant's attention made him unable to fulfil all his engagements. He knew that it was the Colonel's intention to be present that evening, but he was unavoidably detained by other business. He had faithfully inspected their arms, accountants, and belts, and he must say that he was highly gratified at the result, as he had found all in a first class state, and there was not a single fault to find. He would report accordingly to head-quarters. The corps. was then sold off into two companies, under the respective commands of Captains Anderson and Metcalf, and headed by the band, under the leadership of Bandmaster Northcote marched through some of the principal streets of the city. Upon the return of the column to Charing Cross, Captain Blackman drilled the companies before Colonel Bull in a number of battalion movements,which were very credit- ably executed, the excellence of the marching together with the smartness and precision of the various movements, being particularly noticeable. Surgeon Hinchcliff and Captain Palliser were present on parade, previous to the dismissal of which Captain Blackham reminded those present that the corps would require to turn out next Wednesday to form a guard of honor to receive his Excellency the Governor, when he trusted that every man would be pre- sent. Full particulars with regard to the hour to fall in, etc., would be published in the local papers, and ported on the volunteer notice board. THROWN FROM HIS CART AND KILLED.— A Chinaman whose name is at present unknown, who was riding in his cart at Laanecoorie yes- terday, was accidentally thrown out of his cart, and killed on the spot. The body was removed to Bloom Hotel, Laanecoorie, and the matter was reported to the coroner by Sergeant Cleary, of Dunolly, by telegraph, and Mr. Strickland, on his arrival at Dunolly, for which place he left last evening, will arrange for an inquest being held. DEATH OF AN INFANT. — As stated in our yesterday's issue in consequence of being unable to procure the services of a magistrate, Mr. Strickland left for the Serpentine, and held an inquest at the parents' residence, Pompapiel, on the body of an infant named Rowly Miller. The evidence showed that every attention had been paid to the infant (a seven months' child) which died seven days after birth from inani- tion from premature birth, and the jury found accordingly. FOUND DEAD.— Sergeant Cleary, of Dunolly, telegraphed yesterday morning to Mr. Strickland stating that a man, named John Johnson, was found dead yesterday morning in the stable of the Commercial Hotel, Eddington, with his throat cut. The body now lies there, and Mr. Strickland left last evening for Dunolly to hold an inquest. BRUCE v COLLINS.— In the application of William Bruce, for an agent to be appointed to carry on the Cumberland Hotel, Mr. Kymer at- tended the adjourned hearing yesterday at the warden's chambers, for the applicant, when the notices having been duly proved, his worship, Mr. Webster, adjourned the formal decision until Monday, in order to allow the licensee to apply for prohibition if he thought fit. NEW INSOLVENT.— Peter Anderson Berg, of Rushworth, miner. Liabilities, £110 18d 1d., assets, £5; definiency, £105 18s 1d. Causes — Want of remunerative employment. Attorney, Mr. Rymer: assignee, Mr. Hasker. Meeting under sec. 53. Tuesday, 1st April, 1879. 11.30 a. m. PICNIC.— Our Marong correspondent informs us that the annual picnic of the Eagllehawk Presbyterian Sunday School was held at Marong on Wednesday. The children accompanied by the Rev. R. Lewers and the teachers of the Sunday school arrived at Marong by the mid- day train. Mr. Dods and other members of the church, had made ample provision so far as regarded preparatory arrangements, and when the train arrived the Rev. Mr. Lewers mar- shalled the juveniles, who with their adult friends proceeded in procession to the police re- serve and within the fence, which enclosed that picturesque scene of umbragoona trees and Thatcher's "charming Bullock Creek" they enjoyed themselves right merrily. The recent rains had laid the dust and freshened up the verdure, so that every accessory to comfort was furnished by nature, and the careful foresight of the adults who had charge of the commis- sarial? , left nothing to be desired by either old or young. Cricket, racing, dancing, and other amusements were indulged in and heartily en- joyed until the evening train conveyed the happy party homewards. STRATHFIELDSAYE SHIRE COUNCIL.— There was a considerable number of the ratepayers present at the usual monthly meeting of the shire Council which was held yesterday, as it was reported that Cr. Rundell would move in the matter of the proposed amalgamation of the offices of shire secretary and engineer. Cr. Rundell, however, when the time came, with- drew his notice of motion, as in accordance with the Local Government Act the matter could not be dealt with except at a special meeting of the Council. He afterwards moved for a special meeting, which is to held on Wednesday, 2nd April, at two p.m., for the considerartion of the subject. A NEW PUBLICATION.— We have to acknow- ledge receipt of the first number of a new ecclesiatised religious international journal called "The Catholic Presbyterian," from Messrs. M.L Hutchinson and Co., of Mel- bourne, per Mr. Soulter, stationer, Sandhurst. This journal, as appears from the prospetus, owes its existance to the desire expressed at the General Council of the Prebyterian Churches held at Edinburgh in 1877, for a work of the kind to advance the ends for which the alliance was formed. It is to be published monthly, and is edited by Mr. W.G. Blaikie, D.D., L.L.D., while the contributors are to include the most distinguished minister and members of the Presbyterian Church, British, Ameri- can, Continental, and colonial. The first number is one ??? of interesting matter, and if the same high standard maintained the journal cannot fail to be a great success. ST. PAUL'S SCHOOL PICNIC.— We omitted to mention in our notice of yesterday that Mr. Hornbury kindly took out and brought home several loads of children; also that girls' races as well a boys' were well contested throughout the day, when a number of valuable prizes — close upon 150 — were distributed to the various winners under the able management of Mr. Charles Wood, who very kindly acted as handicapper .and referee, the Rev. Canon MacCullagh unfortunately having to leave the ground at an early hour to attend a more solemn gathering elsewhere. MR. STEPHEN.— Amongst the pas- sengers on board the R.M.S. Tanjore, which arrived at Albury yesterday morning, is, we notice, His Honor Mr. Justice Stephen, who has been visiting England for the benefit of his health. COMPULSORY SEQUESTRATION.— In the Equity Court yesterday, Mr. Justice Molesworth made an order absolute for the compulsory sequestra- tion of the estate of Samuel Deeble, of Ingle- wood, auctioneer, on the petition of Ettershank and another. THE PRIZE FIGHT.— The prize fight for £1,000—£500 a-side — between Hicken, of Vic- toria, and Foley, of New South Wales, took place, as will be seen from a telegram we published elsewhere, yesterday morning, a few miles down the Murray from Echuca. The fight resulted in favor of Foley, though it appears that Hicken was confident of victory up to the moment he stopped into the ring, as he then offered to bet another £100 on the result. The police of New South Wales, it is stated, were aware that the fight had been arranged for yes- terday morning, but were misled as to the lo- cality, and though the disgusting exhibition was witnessed by about 100 persons, including several residents of Echuca. Sergeant Hayes, of Echuca and Senior-constable O'Meara, of Melbourne, were the only officers who came upon the scene, and these were powerless to act, as the fight was taking place in New South Wales. The spot selected was on the Perri- coota Run. Several of the party, including Hicken who, with his countenance teriibly battered and swollen, presented at once a pitiable yet most repulsive spectacle, arrived at Sandhurst by train from Echuca at 7 o'clock last night, and proceeded on to Melbourne after the customary halt. CONCERT AND BALL.— A very successful con- cert, which was followed by a ball, was held at the Ravenswood school on Saturday evening. The arrangements in connection with the enter- tainment were made by a few young men of the district, with the praiseworthy object of render- ing some assistance to the Deaf and Dumb In- stitution, Melbourne. The room was filled shortly after the doors were opened, and many of the visitors were unable to obtain seats. Mr. J. O'Connor occupied the chair. Songs were very pleasingly rendered by Messrs. J. Matheson (Castlemaine), W. Ashworth (Sandhurst), Crago, J. Mullin, Davis, and Mrs. Lettice, Miss Wil- liamson, and Miss Jones. At the dance which followed there was also a large attendance, the music being supplied by Mr. Ashworth. Dancing was continued until, a late hour, and altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. It is ex- pected that a substantial sum will be available, after all expenses have been, for presentation to the institution in whose interest the entertain- ment was held. DEATH FROM SANGUINEOUS APOPLEXY.— Yes- terday afternoon Mr. Strickland held an inquest at the Albert Hotel, on the body of Mrs. Ellen Platt, who died on the previous day uncon- scious. From the evidence of Mrs. Holt, it seems that about 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning she went to deceased's house in McCrae-street and found her sitting on the bed holding on to the side, and she seemed to be in a kind of stupor. Witness laid de- ceased on the bed, thinking she was in a fit, as she had had one before some nine months ago. Witness also sent for deceased's daughter, who is employed in Bridge-street, but before she arrived deceased went into convulsions. A doctor was sent for, but he did not arrive, and at 1 o'clock Dr. Hugh Boyd was sent for and he promptly attended. During the whole of this time deceased was insensible, and continued so up to 4 p.m. when she died. A young woman named Elizabeth Ann Platt stated that the deceased was her mother, and was 60 years of age and enjoyed good health up to the time of her death. Witness last saw her alive at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 19th inst., when she (witness) left home. Witness went to her usual employment, and was called home about ten o'clock, when she found her mother as described by Mrs. Holt. Dr. Hugh Boyd stated that when he visited the deceased about one o'clock on the 19th instant, he found her quite unconscious, insensible, and dying. He had no previous knowledge of the deceased. In the evening he heard that she was dead, but he could not certify, and the matter was reported to the police and coroner. He had made a post-mortem examination of the deceased's body, and found that the cause of death was pressure on and shock to the brain from sanguineous apoplexy. The jury found in accordance with the medical testimony. CITY POLICE COURT.— An old blind man named Edward Jones was charged at this court yesterday before Messrs. Buckley and Hayes, Js.P., with vagrancy, and was remanded until to-morrow (this day) in order to endeavor to obtain his admission to the Benevolent Asylum. Murdoch McLeod, who is suffering from weak intellect, and unaccountable for his actions, was ordered, on the certificates of Drs. Cruikshank and Atkinson, to be forwarded to the lunatic ward of the Bendgo Hospital. Five persons were summoned by Senior-constable Barry, and twenty-two by Mounted-constable Cavanagh, for non-compliance with the compulsory clause of the Education Act, and were dealt with in the usual way. THE WEATHER.— The temperature was much higher yesterday, in consequence of a shift of wind to the northward and eastward. The night was close and sultry, and there is every proba- bility of another spell of hot weather. The ther- mometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows:— 9 a.m., 62°; noon, 76° 3 p.m., 79°: 0 p.m., 74°; maximum, 85°; minimum, 49°. The barometer at 9 a.m. regis- tered 29-600; 29-640. M.U., l.O.O.F.— The N.Gs. of the various dis- trict lodges of the Oddfellows' Society are requested to meet at the Oddfellows' Hall on Saturday evening, at seven o'clock, to make arrangements for the society joining in the re- ception to the Governor. ECHUCA RACES.— The Echuca Races will take place to-day. There are seven events on the programme, namely, the Flying Stakes, Maiden Plate, Echuca Handicap, Handicap Hurdle Race, Town Plate Handicap, Junior Stakes, and Handicap Trot, and as the fields will be fairly numerous, judging from the acceptances, a good day's sport may be expected. SALE OF FREEHOLD PROPERTIES.— We direct attention to the sale of freehold properties by Messrs. L. Macphersnn and Co., at their bazaar, at twelve o'clock to-day. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. AN APPARENT IMPOSTOR.— The Melbourne bench seems to have been imposed upon to some extent yesterday. At all events we have never heard of the "Mr. Collins, a solicitor, at Eagle- hawk," mentioned in the following paragraph, which we extract from last night's Herald :— Alexander Simpson, a cripple, aged 20, was brought up charged with having been found sleeping in the porches of houses in Bourke- street east, at night, and lying on the wharf dozing by day. He had by no means the stamp of the ordinary depraved, lazy loafer, but was of rather refined appearance. When questioned by the bench, he said that he had been fourteen days down from Sandhurst, where he had for a short time been in the employ of Mr. Collins, a solicitor at Eaglehawk, as clerk. He had had nothing to do here. Inspector Montfort sug- gested that Simpson might get admission to the immigrants' Home, but he said he had been there and had been refused admission. Mr. Harcourt, who was on the bench, said he was not aware of any casuals ever being refused ad- mission to the Home. They always had a night's lodging, at any rate. The Mayor: Well, let him go to the Home at night, and look for work in the day. Simpson was then discharged, and Mr. Whelan was instructed to give him 5s. from the poor-box. GHOSTOLOGY.— The ghosts which nightly walk for the delectation oi the public in Mr. D'Arcy Read's entertainment, duly made their appear- ance last evening in the Masonic Hall, and rendered night pleasant to those present by the tales thety did unfold, and the high jinks they hold. The various ghostly manifistations form a really interesting and enjoyable entertainment, and the ghosts are worthy of liberal patronage. This evening, tomorrow aftrnoon, (when a special performance is to be given at half-past two o'clock), and to-morrow night are announced as the last occasions of the ghosts' appearance, so all who have not seen the phantoms should avail themselves of the opportunities. It might be beneficial to the management to prolong their stay for a short time, as next week a large influx of people from the outlying districts may be expected to visit the Industrial Exhibition, who would probably eagerly avail theselves of the chance of seeing the ghosts. ELOCUTION CLASS.— We remind our readers that Mr. G. Lupton, professor of elocution, Melbourne, opens an elocution class this even- ing at the Mechanics' Institute, commencing at a quarter past eight o'clock. THE EASTER FAIR.— We have been requested by the secretary of the Easter Fair Committee to inform the public that the office in the Reserve is now open for the receipt of donations in kind. The committee of the Easter Fair meet this evening for the transaction of busi- ness at the office in the Camp Reserve. CROWN LAND SALE.— A sale of Crown lands in ??? simple will be held this morning at eleven o'clock at Messrs. Andrew and Co.'s auction rooms, Hargreaves-street. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.— An adjourned meet- ing of the committee of the Institute is to be held this evening at eight o'clock, for the trans- action of important business. SETTLEMENT.— The suit instituted by William Rodda against the Oriental Company, Stawell, for £1,000 damages, in consequence of injuries sustained by the accident which occurred last year, has been amicably settled. The directors, says the Chronicle, have paid Rodda the sum of £250 in full of all claims against the company. Dr. Edmund Vialls, formerly resident phy- sician at the Melbourne Hospital, since then of Hamilton, died at the latter place on Wednesday from erysipelas, epliepsy, and congestion of the brain. He was only 32 years of age when he died. 