A GHOST OF THE SIERRAS. IT WEB a vast silence of pines, redolent with balsamic breath, and muffled with the dry dnst of dead bark and matted mosses. Lying on oar backs, we looked upward through a hundred feet of clear, unbroken interval to the first lateral branches that formed the fiat canopy above us. Here and there the fierct sun, from whose active persecutions we had just escaped, searched for ns through the woods, but tts keen blade was dulled and turned aside by intercostal boughs, and its brightness dissipated in nebulous mists throughout the roofing of the dim, brown aisles around ns. We were in another atmosphere, ander another sky ; indeed, in another world than the dazzling one we had just quitted. The grave silenoe seemed so much a part of the grateful coolness, that we hesitated to speak, and for some moments lay quietly outstretched on the pine tassels where we had first thrown ourselves. Finally, a voice broke the silence : ' Ask the old Major : be knows all about ¡tr The person here alluded to under that mili- tary title was myself. I hardly need explain to any Californian that it by no means followed that I was a ' Major,' or that I was 'old,' or that I knew anything about ' it,' or indeed what ' it ' referred to. The whole remark was merely one of the usual conven tiona) feelers to conversation,-a kind of social preamble, quite common to our slangy camp j intercourse. Nevertheless, as I was always known as the Major, perhaps for no better reason than that the speaker, an old journalist, was always called Doctor, I recognised the fact so far aa to kick aside an intervening saddle, so that I could see the speaker's face _ on a level with my own, and said nothing. 'About ghosts I' said the Doctor, after a pause, which nobody broke or was expected to break. 'Ghosts, sir! That's what we want to know. What are we doing here in this blank old mausoleum of Calaveras County, if it isn't to find out something about SOL eh!' Nobody replied.| 'Thar1! that haunted house at Cave City. Can't be more than a mile or two away, any. way. Used to be jut off the trail.' Á dead silence. The Doctor (addressing spa oe generally): ' Yes, sir ; it was a mighty queer story.' Still the same reposeful indifference. We all knew the Doctor's skill as a raconteur ; we all knew that a story was coming, and we all knew that any interruption would be fatal. Time and time again, in our prospecting experience, bad a word of polite encourage- ment, rash expression of interest, even a too eager attitude of silent expectancy, brought the Doctor a sudden change of subject Time and time again have we seen the nnwary stranger stand amazed and be- wildered between our own indifference and the sudden termination of a promising anec- dote, through his own unlucky interference. So we said nothing. ' The Judge'-another instance of arbitrary nomenclature- pretended to sleep. Jack began to twist a cigarrito. Thornton bit off the ends of pine needles re- flectively. 'Yes, sir,' continued the Doctor coolly resting the back of his head on the palms of bis hands, ' it was rather curious. All except the murder. That's what gets me, for the murder had no new points, no fancy tenches, no sentiment, no mystery. Was inst one of the 'sub-head' paragraphs. Old- fashioned miner Bcrnbs along on hardtack and beana, and I savea up a little money to go home and see re- lations. Old-fashioned assassin sharpens up knife, old style; loads old flint- lock, brass mounted pistol; walks in on old-fashioned miner one dark night, sends him home to his relations away back to several generations, and walks off with the swag. No mystery there ; nothing to clear np; subsequent revelations only impertinence. Nothing for any ghost to do-who meant business. More wan that, over forty murders, same old kind, committed every year in Calaveras, and no spiritual post obits coming duej every anniversary; no assessments made on the piece and quiet of the surviving community. I tell yon what, boya, I've always been inclined to throw off on the Cave City ghost for that alone. It's abad precedent sir. If that kind o' thing is going to obtain in the foot-hills, well have the trails foll of chaps formerly knocked over by Mexi- cans and road agents ; every little camp and grocery will havestock enough on hand to go into Business, and where's there any security for sur- viving life and property, eh? What's your opinion, Judge, as a fair-minded legislator ?' Of course there was no rea pose. Yet it was part of the Doctor's system of aggravation to become discursive at these moments, in the hope of interruption, and he continued for some moments to dwell on the terrible possibility of a state of affairs in which a ! gentleman contd no longer settle a dispute ¡ with sn enemy without being subjected to j succeeding spiritual embarrassment. But all this digression fell upon apparently inattentive ears. j ' Well, sir, after the murder, the cabin stood : for a long time deserted and tenautlesa. ( Popular opinion was against it. One day a . ragged prospector, savage with hard labour j and harder luck, came to the camp, look- ing for a plaoe to live and a chance to , prospect. After the boys had taken his ; measure, they concluded that he'd already tackled so much in the way of difficulties that a ghost more or less wouldn't be of much account. So they sent him to the haunted cabin. Be had a big yellow dog with him, about as ugly and as savage as himself ; and the boys sort o' congratulated themselves, from a practical view point, that while they were giving the old ruffian a shelter, they were helping in the cause of Christianity against ghosts and goblins. They had little faith in the old man, but went their whole i pile on that dog. That's where they were j mistaken. ' The house stood almost three hundred feet from the nearest cave, and on dark nights, being in a hollow, was as lonely as if it had been on the top of, Shasta. If you ever saw the spot when there was just moon enough to bring out the little surrounding clumps of chapparal until they looked like crouching figures, and make the bits of broken quartz glisten like skulls, you'd begin to understand how big a contract that man and that yellow dog undertook. ' They went into possession that afternoon, and old Hard Times set out to cook bis sup- per. When it was over he sat down by the embers and Ut bis pipe, the yellow dog lying at his feet. Suddenly ?' Bap ! Bap 1" comes from the door. "Come in," says the man, gruffly. "Bap?" again. "Come in and be 3-d to you," says the man, who has no idea of getting up to open the door. But no one responded, and the next moment smash Roes the only sound pane in the only window. Seeing this, old Hard Times gets np, with the devil m his eye, and a revolver in his hand, followed by the yellow dog, with every tooth showing, and swings open the door. Ko one ! there ! But SB the man opened the door, that yellow dog, who had been so chipper before, I suddenly begins to crouch and step backward, Btep by step, trembling and shivering, and at last crouches down in the chimney, without even so much as looking at his master. The man slams the door shut again, but there comes another smaBh. This time it seems to come from inside the cabin, and it isn't until the man looks around and seeseverything quiet that he gets up, without speaking, and makes a dash for the door, and tears round outside the cabin like mad, but fiads nothing but silence and darkness. Then he comes back swearing and calls the dog But that great yellow dog that the boys weuld have staked all their money on is crouching under the bunk, and had to be dragged out like a coon from a hollow tree, and lies there, his eyeB start- ing from their sockets ; every limb and muscle quivering with fear, and his very hair drawn up in bristling ridges. The man calls him to the door. He drags himself a few steps, stops, sniffs, and refuses to go further. The man calls him again, with an oath and a threat Then, what does that yellow dog do 1 He crawls edgewise towards the door, crouch himself against the bunk till he's natter than a knife blade ; then, half-way, he stops. Then that d-d yellow dog begins to walk gingerly-lifting each foot np in the air, one after the other, still trembling in every limb. Then he stops again. Then he crouches. Then he gives one little shuddering leap-not straight forward, but up,-clearing the floor about six incheB, as if-' 'Over something,' interrupted the Judge, hastily, lifting himself on his elbow. The Doctor stopped instantly. 'Juan,' he said coolly, to one of the Mexican packers, I 'quit foolin' with that ñata. You'll have' that stake out and that mule loose in another ' minute. Come ever this way 1' The Mexican turned a scared, white face to the Doctor, muttering something, and let go the deer-skin hide. We all up-raised our voices with one accord, the Judge most penitently and apologetically, and implored the Doctor to ge on. "I'll shoot the first man who interrupts you again,' added Thornton, nersuasively. Bat the Doctor, with hu hands languidly under hie head, had lost his interest. ' Well, the dog ran off to the hills, and neither the threats nor cajoleries of bis master could ever make him enter the cabin again. The next day the man left the camp. What time is it ? Getting on to sundown, ain't it ? Keep off my leg, will you, you d-d Greaser, and stop stumbling round there 1 lie down.' But we knew that the Doctor had not com- pletely finished his story, and we waited patiently for the conclusion Meanwhile the old, gray liles ce of the woods «gain asserted itself, bot shadows were now beginning to gather in the heavy beam* of the rcom aDOVcL and the dim aisles seemed to be narrowing and closing in around ns. Presently the Doctor recommenced lazily, as if no interruption had occurred. * As I said before, I never put much faith in that story, and shouldn't have told it, but for a rather curious experience of my own. It was in tiie spring of '62 and I was one of . party of fonr, Mining up from O'Neill's, wheo we hod been showed up. It was awful weather ; the snow had changed to sleet and rain after we crossed the divide, and the water was out everywhere ; every ditch was a creek, every oreek a river. We had lost two hones) on the North Fork, we were dead beat; off the trail, and sloshing round, with night coming on, level hail like shot in onr faces. Things were looking bleak and scary when, riding a little ahead of the party, I saw a light twinkling in a hollow beyond. My horse was still fresh, and calling ont to the boys to follow me ana bear for the light, I struok out for it In another moment I was before a little cabin that half burrowed in the black chapparal ; I dismounted and rapped at the door. There was no response. 1 then tried to force the door, but it was fastened securely from within. I was all the more surprised when one of the boys, who had overtaken me, told me that he had just «eeo through a window a maa reading by the fire. Indignant at thia inhospitality, we both made a resolute onset against] the door, at the same time raising our angry voices to a yeU. Soddenly there waa a quick response, the hurried withdrawing of a bolt, and the door opened. . ' The occupant was a short, thick-set man, with a pale, careworn face, whose prevailing expression was one of gentle good humour ana patient suffering. When we entered, he asked na hastily why we had not ''sung ont" before. '"But we blocked I" I said, patiently, " and almost drove your door in." '"That's nothing," he said, patiently. " I'm need to that." ' I looked again at the man's patient, fateful face, and then around the cabin. In an instant the whole situation flashed before me. " Are we not near Oave City !" I asked. '"Yes," he replied, "ita just below. You must have passed it in the storm." * " I see." I again looked round the cabin. "Isn't this what they call the haunted honso?" ' He looked at me curiously. " It is," he said, simply. 'You can imagine my delight 1 Here was an opportunity to test the whole story, to work down to the bed rook, and see how it would pan out ! We were too many and too well armed to fear trioks or dangers from outsiders. If-as one theory had been held-the disturbance waa kept np by a band of concealed marauders or road agents, whose purpose was to preserve their haunts from intrusion, we were quite able to pay them back in kind for any assault I need not say that the boys were delighted with this prospect when the fact was revealed to them. The only one doubtful or apathetic spirit there was our host, who quietly resumed hu seat and his book, with his old expression of patient martyrdom. It would have been easy for me to have drawn him out but I felt that I did not want to corroborate anybody else's experience : only to record my own. And I thought it better to keep the boys from any predisposing terrors. ' We ste our supper, and then sst, patiently and expectant around the fire. An hour slipped away, but no disturbance ; another hour passed as monotonously. Our host read his book ; only the dash of hail against the roof broke the silence. Bnt-' The Doctor stopped. Since the last inter- ruption. I noticed he had changed the easy slangy style of his story to a more perfect, \ artistic, and oren studied manner. He dropped now suddenly into his old colloquial speech, and quietly said : ' If you don't quit stumbling over those riatat, Juan, I'll hobble you. Come here, there ; lie down, will you 1' We all turned fiercely on the cause of this second dangerous interruption, but a sight of the poor fellow's pale and frightened face withheld our vindictive tongues, And the Doctor, happily, of his own aooord, went on : 'But I had forgotten that it was no easy matter to keep these high-spirited boys, bent on a row, in decent subjection ; and after the third hour passed without a supernatural ex- hibition, I observed, from certain winks and whispers, that they were determined to get np indications of their own. In a few momento violent rappings were heard from all parts of the cabin ; large stones (adroitly thrown np the chimney) fell with a heavy thud on the roof. Strange groans and ominous yells seemed to come from tue outside (where the interstices between the loge were wide enough). Yet through all this uproar, our host sat still ana patient, with no sign of indignation or reproaoh upon ius good-humoured but haggard features. Before long it became evident that this exhi- bition was exclusively for his benefit. Under the thin disguise of asking him to assist them, in discovering the disturbers outside the cabin, thoBe inside took advantage of his absence to turn the cabin topsy-turvy. ' " Yon sse what the spirits have done, old man," said the arch leader of this mischief. " They've upset that there flour barre) while we wasn't looking, and then kicked over the water jug and spilled all the water !' ' The patient man lifted his head and looked at the flour-strewn waits. Then he glanced down at the floor, but drew back with a slight tremor. * " It ain't water !" he Baid, quietly. '"What is it then?" ?"It's BLOOD ! Look!" 'The neareBt man gave a sudden start and sank back white as a sheet. 'For there, gentlemen, ou the floor, just before the door, where the old man had seen the dog hesitate and lift his feet, there 1 there !-gentlemen-upon my honour, slowly widened und broadened a dark red pool of human blood I Stop bim I Quick ! Stop bim, I ?ay!" There was a bunding flash that lit up the dark woods, and a short report ! When we reached the Doctor's side he was holding the smoking pistol, jost discharged, in one hand, while with the other he waa pointing to the rapidly disappearing figure of Juan, om* Mexican vaquero 1 ' Missed him 1 by G-d !' said Ute Doctor. 'But you hear him? Did yon see his livid face as he rose up at the name of blood ? Did you see his guilty conscience in his face. Eh ? Why don't you speak ? What are yon staring at?' ' Was it the murdered man's ghost, Doctor P we a I panted in one quick breath, ' G ..ost be d-d 1 No 1 But in that Mexican vaqu< m-that cursed Juan Ramirez ! -I saw and sl."t at bis murderer 1'-Bret Harte. Bon LES is the name of a Western pres ch ar- lie should enter the minstrel profession and he then oould be corked np. LADY on a shopping excursion-" O dear, that blanket is too good ? I want it for charit- able purposes." A MAS took his clock to a dock-repairer and asked him, "What time is it when this time-piece strikes thirteen times ?" " Tims ifs repaired,'' replied the man of time. ROCKBAHFToif QUEENSLAND : Printed by C. H. Buzacott, sole proprietor, at the BDXLBSBI Machins Printdnjt Otaca, Dennam- stnet, Mi 10,187« ' 