THE UNPROTECTED FEMALE. The terrible trials and indignities which the Unprotected Female had to undergo through being accompanied by her dog on her first excursion to the Garden Palace, strengthens her in her determina tion to leave her dog at home— a resolve which she does not arrive at without long and anxious thought, through her unwillingness to be separated from her canine friend. But the difficulty arises in her mind how to protect her Fanny from any possibility of abduction by those men who visit houses for unlawful purposes during the absence of the owners. No sooner, however, had her embarrassment arisen than she thought of a means by which she would relieve her self from all fear as to the safety of her dog during her absence. The renown of Herrings' safes, as defying fire and furtively inclined gentlemen, had reached her through the medium of Punch's adver tising columns ; so, carrying her dog in her arms, she immediately proceeded to M. Bechet's warehouse, where she was met at the door by the polite and genial son of Gaul. " Bon jour, Monsieur," said the Unprotected. " Bon jour, Madame," said M. Bechet, putting his foot into it as others had done. " Mademoiselle, s'il vous plait, Monsieur," replied she. "Mademoiselle, je demande mil pardons pour mon erreur," replied the chivalrous Frenchman. " Je vous pardonne, Monsieur," said she; "mais, avez vous des — des — des. J'oublie le mot." " Mais," said M. Bechet, this time with emphasis, and coming to her rescue, " do not distress yourself by talking French. I have mastered the difficulties of your language, and I think we shall get on very well in English. Now, what can I do for you ?" "Well, Monsieur, said she, "I have a very precious treasure which I wish to have protected from all harm when I leave my house. Can you recommend me a safe, into which I can put my treasure and be relieved of all anxiety as to its security ?" " Miss," he said, " I can give you the safeguard you require in a Herring safe ; but it is necessary to know for what purpose you wish it, as we have them of various sizes to suit different requirements. As you are a lady, and one not without considerable personal attrac tions (at this the Unprotected gave an assenting smile), I presume you want it for jewellery. " Not jewellery exactly," she said, " hut a jewel, and one of very precious tones at times. My treasure is this dog. Open your eyes, Fanny, and look up at the gentleman. " "Really, Miss," said the astonished M. Bechet, "I am completely overwhelmed with surprise at what you tell me — not, my dear Made moiselle, at your love for your dog, but at your very original, and I must add unique, idea of using a Herring safe for the security of a poodle. Of course as a business man, I would not have the audacity to dictate to customers as to what uses they should put their pu r- chases; still you must acknowledge that the original intention of these safes was for the protection of valuables, and you will agree with me that it is a degradation and prostitution of their design ( o use them as a dog kennel. Again, Mademoiselle, I must say I am astonished ; still I am your very humble servant, and shall be most happy to sell you one." After a very critical inspection of M. Bechet's large stock of Herring safes, the Unprotected Female picks a suitable one for her purpose, and having paid for it she orders it to be sent home at once, which is done. \- On the next day she determines to go to the Exhibition, and before leaving home she places the unwilling Fanny with other valuables in the Herring, and having carefully locked it, she walks to the Garden Palace. Soon after her arrival there she met the ancient bachelor, by whom she was greeted with more than ordinary warmth. They walk about for some time in earnest conversation, and at the eud of half-an-hour the ancient bachelor finds himself entangled in the meshes of this unattractive Venus as securely as ever unwary fly was entrapped by cunning spider. Nevertheless, he couldn't for the life of him understand it. Here he stood— a man who had gone the pace in London with the jeunesse doree of the old days ; who had been the idol of the green-rooms of the theatres in the times when only the very best of society was admitted there — in a word, he who had resisted the blandishments of Vestris and other theatrical queens, had found himself proposing to a very ordinary-looking Unprotected Female, and one no doubt of very inferior birth. But the honour of the ancient bachelor was at stake, and he felt bound I by his engagement ; still he wished to be away from her, so, hastily pleading an engagement, he left her and went straight to the " Metrop," there to strengthen his nerves with P.B. and ponder over his " doosid luck." On being left in this ungallant and unceremonious manner, the Unprotected Female wandered up the northern aisle, where her at tention was attracted by the splendid display of watches exhibi ed by the Waltham Company. Mr. Manson, the gentleman in charge, courteously explains to her the uses of the various parts of a watch, and whilst she is attentively listening, a cunning boy fastens to her back a card containing in large letters the words, " Grand Prix de Paris." With this affix she wanders about the building to the amusement of the visitors, and eventually makes her way to the Machinery Hall, where she finds great difficulty in threading her way through the exhibits. In her anxiety to inspect closely Messrs. McDowall & Sons sawing machines, she approaches too near the machinery, and her dress is caught by one of the wheels. She would have been carried along the machinery and sawn in two, had it not been for the activity and presence of mind of Mr. McDowall, who, with the characteristic gallantry of the Gaelic race, rescued her, at great personal risk, from a horrible death. After profusely thanking her courageous saviour, the Unprotected Female leaves the Hall and engages a bath chair, in which she rests herself until she has re covered from the shock she has experienced. Hearing a fire bell ringing loudly, she feels a presentiment that something is wrong at home, and she leaves the building iu great alarm. On arriving at the spot where her home was, she found a crowd of people around, the fire engines playing on some burning embers, and her house burnt to the ground. " The safe ! the safe !" she shrieked wildly. "Here it is, ma'am," said a kind-hearted fireman, shovelling away a lot of ashes ; "here it is safe enough ; and if its only a 'Herring,' your valuables is safe too." " Thank goodness and Monsieur Bechet for that," she piously exclaims. " Have you the key, ma'am?" said the fireman. "Oh yes," she said, "turn the handle round 397g times and then be so kind as to open it carefully, as I am so nervous." The fireman did so, whilst the Unprotected Female covered her eyes with her handkerchief, expecting to find her dog had undergone cremation, and ready to be inurned. On opening the door, the fire man jumped back as though he had seen a ghost, and on recovering himself, exclaimed, "My hi, if it ain't a living dawg, and a stand ing on his hind legs too ! " On hearing of the safety of her darling, the Unprotected Female rushed to the safe, seized her Fanny and covered her with kisses, and then slowly made her way through the crowd, to try and find the ancient bachelor, and confide in him the secret that she was now not only unprotected, but homeless, and to see if the knowledge of her forlorn condition would not induce him to hasten their nuptials. 