ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAWS PASTORAL LETTERS. No. III. We nave received a copy of tne following Fastorai Letter to the clergy and laity of the Archdiocese of Svdney, by Roger Bede, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan : — ' Roger Bede, by the Grace of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful of the said Archdiocese. ; ' Health and Benediction in the Lord. 'Reverend and Dear Brethren and Dear Children ia Jesus Christ, — ' Those and only those who have upon them the burden of the Episcopal office can adequately comprehend the responsibilities that press upon our conscience at the present hour. Placed as we have been by die command. of the Sovereign Pontiff in charge of this archdiocese, we become responsible to God for the souls of our people. The thought of the great Accounting-day, when we shall have to answer for them, as well as for ourselves, renders us almost deaf to the contention of tongues, whilst we are absorbed by the overwhelming anxiety of how we may fulfil our duties, and be faithful to pur charge. The motives of fear or of despondency which weigh with men who do not realize this thought produce little effect upon a bishop's imagination. Hi- great aim is to save as many souls as possible ; to instil faith, hope, and, above all, love, into many hearte; and to protect, instruct, and warn, in season and out of season, the flock confided to his care. ' He is the bishop,' says the 38th Apostolic Canon, ' to whose faith the people are con fided, the account of whose souls will be exacted from him.' 41 To the bishop, especially, belongs the' supreme duty of preserving the faith in his people. He does not presume to teach them any other creed than that which is professed by the Roman Church ; and in his actions and instructions he conforms himself, as much as possible, to the light that he receives from that Mother of all the Churches, whose faith has never failed. His voice, if he speaks aright, ia not the exponent of the subjective views of an individual, however gifted, but of the doctrines of that society which is spread throughout the world. 'When he condemns, bis condemnation is the anathema of that teaching body which, from the day of Pentecost till now, has been as harmonious in its condemnation of error as per sistent in its enunciation of truth. To preach himself would be to preach folly ; to teach his own private views would be impertinence ; and those who would listen to and pin their faith upon him might well be called priest- ridden and miserably enslaved. The very reverse of this is his glory aB it is his vocation. To sink self, to grasp in all ita fulness the Church's mind, and clearly, fearlessly, and calmly to expound it to the people, is the object of his life. Thus, in giving ear to Jiim his people are Ustening to the Church of God, not to a mere man ; in following his voice with docility, they are docile, not because a fallible creature is instructing them, but because they believe that they are submitting their reason to the obedience of faith, and are being guided by a power that cannot, in matters of dogma and morality, lead astray. Both the bishop and his people are under the eame authority — if they submit to his teach ing, he equally submits to the same teaching ; for both must submit to truth, and truth undcfiled and infallible is to be found, they hold with a vital tenacity, in the living voice of the Catholic Church. ' Thus it is that Catholics are amused at the efforts of their opponents to dissever them from the Archbishop and bishops of the hierarchy. Catholics know, when the bishops meet and issue a joint instruction, based upon the universal teaching of the Catholic Church, that that in struction comes to them with an authority which they can not but respect. Could the world wedge in between the nierarcny ana me people, me wona would men prove itself stronger than the Church. The experiment has repeatedly been made, especially when the doctrines preached' promised to entail temporary Buffering and persecution ; and the experiment has just as often failed. The faith lies latent in the masses of our people throughout the world, and quick as electricity the voice of the bishop, whan he speaks in downright earnest, finds a response in every heart. Obedience and submission, on the one hand, imply authority ? and jurisdiction on the other. The words, ' Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has placed you bishops to rule the Church of God,' (1) express the Episco pal duty and authority. The words, ' Obey your prelates, and be subject to them ; for they watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do this with joy and not with grieving: for this is profitable for you,' (2) express the temper and duty of the people ; and thus the Church of God, Jieifag a Divine institution, the creation of the Holy Ghost, and not the creation of politicians holds her own, consolidates her strength, expands her power from age to age ; being fashioned not merely for fair weather, but to outlive any storm which the world is capable of Stirling up. ' From time to time the bishops, who ' watch,' are in duty bound to lay down principles and recommendations which cross a strong, passing popular current. Though they merely address their own people, those outside are moved by their words. The ancient effigies which did good service 40 or 50 years ago are reclotbed, and set on their legs once more, and the same class of Christians employ themselves in demolishing them who, in days gone by, had found relief in a similar occupation. Gradually arms tire and energies flag ; and, meanwhile, ' men of good will,' having waited for the dust to settle down, begin to consider the real question — which had been hidden in a temporary cloud — namely, how can Catholics give their children a thoroughly sound Catholic educa tion, and still not be deprived, because they perform that solemn duty, of equal assistance with others for secular results ? Thus the public mind finds its equili- ' brium, and gradually regains its normal tone of calmness, fairness, and good feeling. Finding that the bishops, urged by the fear of God before their eyes, have too solemn a duty to perform to be silenced by clamour, men begin to listen to them ; and, finally, to their surprise, make the discovery, as ?was done after the English * Papal aggression,1 that they would have occupied a somewhat more dignified place in history hud they exercised a little more self restraint. 'Catholics, however, have been trained to make the largest allowances for others. They know what early asso ciations and ingrained prejudice can do ; and though a little more culture would be pleasanter, still they can bear with equanimity fierce and coarse vituperation if it be, as it. often is, accompanied with sincerity. Some of the most earnest of our converts were at one* time as violent against the Church as the most rabid of antagonists; and many Protestant laymen have been induced to study Catholic theology, and eventually to join the Church, on account of tLeir curiosity haying been aroused by violent denunciations of her in the pulpit. ' It is the duty of Catholics to exercise the greatest charity towards their opponents. On such occasions as these the training given by the Catholic religion has an opportunity of manifesting itself. To argue calmly and without bitterness, to receive reproach with good humour, to defend and display the truth with unconquerable charity, and to attribute good motives and honest purposes wherever it is possible— these are soiiie of the consequences following from the charity of the Gospel, from that new doctrine of love of which Christ was so inimitable an example. It is vain to expect any power but Christianity to teach or enforce such charity as this. It springs from a divine fountain, and is only taught in its thoroughness in the Christian schools. The peace which proceeds from torpor is found in tigers and panthers ; it is not Christian peace. Christian peace is that which maintains a man in perfect charity whilst in the midst of intellectual conflict; and so possesses him ' that in all he says and does there is a sweetness which is unmistakable, liowever vigorously he may wield the sword of truth with, its sharp point and glittering edge. ' Dearly beloved, exercise yourselves continually in this Christian and masculine charity; do not 'dishonour th« religion of confessors and martyrs ; manifest in your lives and in your relations with your non-Catholic neighbours, the spirit of the Catholic Church, in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gentleness towards those who differ from her ; and if it be your duty to say disagreeable things, say them as sweetly and kindly as you can. ' It is in this spirit that we ever hope to act. We insist on Catholics giving their children. a thorough Catholic educa (1) Acts, chap, xs, 28. (2; Heb., chap, xiii., 17. 4£o&, because it is our bounden duty to do so. We point ?out the dangers to Catholies of Public schools, because we pTioiVlfl be prevaricating against our solemn obligations, were .we any longer to hold our peace. Here, possibly, we may give pain to some; but it is the pain inflicted by the good physician, whose one desire is to heal the wound. Ilegarding the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it was not our place to speak ; indeed, had it been our place to do so, it would have been superfluous, after the trenchant fashion in which Dr. Moorhoose, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, had already spoken. His language is many degrees stronger regarding Protestant children going to Public schools in Victoria, than the Catholic Bishop's regarding Catholic children going to Public schools in New South Wales. And both he and they, as all must veil know, were animated, in so speaking, by a'n earnest desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kindness by cries of ? libel ' on Protestant children, seems as disinjrenuous as it is unmanly. Men ?with a spark of honest feeling would thank the bishops for having been at' so much pains to speak out on a matter ot such vital national importance. ' Having, in the joint Pastoral Letter, given you the reasons why secularist education is productive of national decay, we shall now proceed to show you by an example in the concrete, that the universal teaching of the Church is borne out by hard facts and figures. You will then see clearer than 'ever that the Bishops were seeking your dearest interests in speakig as they did of Catholic children. ' It seems to be generally admitted at the present day that ignorance and crime go hand in hand ; and that one of the most effectual ways of making a people moral, and of advancing them in life, is to let them have the benefit of the schoolmaster. There is no doubt that one of the greatest blessings which could be bestowed on human beings is to inform them with useful knowledge ; and no greater misery well could be imagined than to neglect a nation's education. There is, however, one greater curse in the world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart from religions and moral training. To instructthe masses in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and to leave out religion and morality, is to arm them with instruments for committing crime. An ignorant criminal is bad enough ; but he is harmless compared with on educated criminal. A great deal has been eaid in the colony about the crone that proceeds from want of schools ; very little about the still greater amount of crime which is produced by training the intellectual faculties whilst the will and the animal passions are permitted to run wild. ' 'We have seen how Great Britain hasjhad the wisdom to encourage various Christian Churches to educate the young in die faith of their fathers. Let us now turn to another great country which has made the experiment ot Public schools. We refer to America. This study will be all the more interesting, because our Public schools in Now South Wales are formed much after the same model ; one of the differences being that in the American system the schools are absolutely secularist, .whilst here an hour is granted for religious instruction. So far as Catholics are concerned our Public schools are secularist schools; the archbishop and bishops of this province having too great a respect for their clergy, and too deep a reverence for the Catholic faith, to encourage any priest under their jurisdic tion to swell the discord of opposing ministers teaching the jarring doctrines of contradictory sects. ' Comparative ignorance is a misfortune, and leads to crime ; but instruction, without a thorough religious and moral education, is a calamity, and tends directly to produce criminals of the worst description. Take the six New England States, on the one hand, namely, Massa chusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, and llbode Island: and on the other, take the six States of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The inhabitants of these States came from the same English race, held the same Protestant religion (except the little State of Maryland), used the same Protestant Bible, spoke the same language, and had. in the main, the same manners and customs. ' Here, then, we have twelve States standing together in the i ace of progress and civilization. They seem to agree in everything except one thing, and that one thing is their system of education. The six New England States, over two hundred years ago, following the lead of Massachusetts introduced the system of ' Public Schools.' ' In New England,' says Kent, ' it has been a steady and governing principle from the very foundation of the colonies, that it was the right and duty of the Government to provide, by means of fair and just taxation, for the instruc tion of all the youth in the elements of learning.' ? The common schools of Massachusetts,' say6 Lippincott, ' have been kept up to this day by direct tax and individual sub script ion, and nowhere in a population of equal extent has a common elementary education been more universally diffused.' Now, whilst the six New England States were making an experiment of the Public school system, the six other States refused persistently to do 60. Whilst the first 6ix were highly instructed in secular knowledge, according to the Public school system, the second six were less favoured in this respect, rejecting as they did the system of Public school. ' For clearness sake let us call the six New England States the Public school States; and the other six the Private school States. In the year 1860, the United States decennial census was taken. The Public school States and the private school States had been following ?each its own system of education for two hundred years. What light - 'does the census throw upon the Public -school States, as compared with the private school States? It shows, first, that the Public school States were far in advance in secular instruction of the private school States. The tormer numbered 2,665,945 native born white inhabitants : of- these only 8513 adults could neither read nor write. The latter numbered 3,181,969 native-born whites, of whom 262,802 adults could neither read nor write. So that while in the Publio school States the proportion of illiterate native whites was one to every three hundred and twelve, in the private school States it was one to every twelve. Here you will perceive at once the triumph of knowledge over ignorance, and the light that the Public school system brings to the intelligence. It would naturally be thought that the private school States were plunged in darkness and decay as compared with their more enlightened sisters, the Public school States. ' But turn to statistics of another kind. On the first of June, 1860, the Public school States, with a native white population of 2,665,915, had 2459 criminals in prison ; while the private school States, with a native white population of 3,181,969, had only 471 criminals in prison. Thus the Public school States had one native-born white criminal to every 1084 native white inhabitants, whilst the private 6chool States had one to every 6670, being six criminals in the Public school States'to one in the private school States. The public school States had one suicide to every 13,285 of the entire population ; the private school States one to every 56,584. Of those who died of criminal lust the Public school States had one to every 85,737, the private school States one to every 128,729. According to the Census Marshal of 1870 the Publio school States produced one insane person to every 800 native-bom inhabi tants, whilst the private school States one to every 1682. ' It is a remarkable fact that Massachusetts, which is the mother of the Public-school system in the States, offers a striking example of the truth of our thesis. Whilst that State was the most successful of all in educating the masses, it, at the very same time, produced by far the largest pro portion of criminals — one to everv 649 native white inhabi tants. Take all the States together and not one amongst them approached Massachusetts as a breeder of a criminal class. Since 1860 California has surpassed Massachusetts in this respect, having in 1870 one criminal to every 512 native-born whites. 'Reviewing this system of Public schools, which have proved themselves seed-plots of so many sorrows and misfortunes and of so much crime, a leading American journal, the Alto, declares that if we are to 'judge fliis system by its apparent fmits we Bhall have to^proaounce it not only a melancholy, but a most disastrous failure, and that it will be idle to look for the cause of the general rowdyism, idleness, and viciousness of the rising generation anywhere but in the training it has been receiving.' The Boston correspondent of the San Erandsco Morning Call writes (Nov. 15, 1877) to this effect: 'The rapid progress of knowledge peculiar to the educational system of this State has led to the erection of two more State prisons, one of which, for women, was successfully opened a few days ago, the number of wicked females who knocked for admission being forty-four. Present indications point towards the rapid filling up of this new institution in a few months.' The report of the California State prison and State prisoners for the two vears ending June 30, 1877, states that ' in fact among the yonnger convicts they can all read and write.' ' Dr. Moorhouse knew what he was talking about when he said to the people of Victoria, that without a religious education ' religion will narrow down into a weak super- j stition, and morality into a mere calculation of conse- j quences. Your boys will sink into mere animals, | admiring vice for its courage or its smartness. They will i become not good, wise, self-denying men, but larrikins, ! or sympathizers with ruffians like the Kellys. Choose, i my friends, which will you have, — a religious or secular | education ! You cannot have both. If you bring up your J children without the moral and religious* element in their J character, you cannot add it afterwards. It is a whole j without that element, and you can no more afterwards j change it than you can add some coloured thread that has been left out in the weaving of a fine Indian fabric, without pulling the fabric to pieces. You may choose your course, but you cannot choose the consequence of that course. If you sow secularism you will reap irreverence and immo rality ; if you sow folly, you will reap misery. ' Dearly beloved, whether the great apostasy will have its way or no in this colony remains to be seen. One thing, any how, is certain ; that the Archbishop and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales will resist it to the last, and with all their might. - And whether they succeed or fail in their endeavour to avert a great ! national calamity, they will be conscious that, heedless of clamour, they spoke boldly out, and warned their people with the vigour of an unmistakeable sincerity, against a system which is calculated to decluistianize society, and to rob a great nation or the highest elements of manhood. History will record, for the instruction of future genera tions, that the Archbishop and Bishops in this colony, following the guidance of the universal Church, were true to their great trust j and embodying, in a formal docu ment, the true principle of national prosperity, condemned ?with emphatic anathema, principles of national corruption. In these our days we are creating the history of the future.. On those who rule now, or exercise moral influ ence, depend the future prosperity and greatness of the nation. We mean to do our humble part, acting on princi ple, and acting with vigour. Our people, if we can prevent it, eh all not be carried off by the current. It all the more behoves Catholics to fortify themselves in Christianity, in proportion as the world is gradually rejecting it; and, whilst others are hurried away by the gulf-stream of infidelity, we Bhall stand firm on the adamantine rock of the Catholic Faith. 'At all hazards, then, dearest people, bring up your children thorough Catholics. Steep them during child hood, and youth if possible, deep in the Catholic faith. Make them conscious of the burden they will have to bear ; and teach them to feel pride in the thought that they are destined to do their part in keeping alive that glorious religion which drew Europe out of barbarism and dark ness into light, and which, if God so please, will yet help to render this Australia of ours one of the greatest nations of the earth. ' Dearly beloved : ' Remember your prelates who have spoken the word of God to you; whose faith follow.'* 'Be scber and watch : because your adversary the' devil, as a roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom he may devour ; whom resist ye strong in faith.'f ' And may the Lord make you abound in charity towards one another, and towards all men, as we do also towards you ; to confirm your hearts without blame, in holiness, before God and our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints. Amen.J ' Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read .in all the churches and chapels of the archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, September 7, 1879. 't Roger Bede, ' Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. ' ? Hcb. chap, xiii, 7 +1 Peter, chap, v. 8-9. 1 1 Thee. chap. iii. 12-13. 