Wk&A; ':& Jtoct THE CIX)YE3S' FOOT. ? ' ? ' ? ? _^ ? ? j . . BY MISS BRADDON, , Author of ** Ljjdt AtnDLEy's Secret,' &c;, &c.; L Published by cpecial arrangement -with the Author* All rights reserved.] Chapter XVffl. — ^What the Dia monds WERE WOBTH. ?The inquest was held at noon next day. The news of the murder had spread far and wide already, and there was a crowd gathered round the house in Cibber- street all the morning, much, to Mrs. Evitt's ag gravation. ; The newspaper reporters forced their way into her house in defiance of her protests, and finding her slow to answer their questions, got hold of Mr. Desrolles, who was very ready to talk and to drink with every new comer. George Gerard called at the house in Cibber-street between nine and ten o'clock. He had heard of the murder on his way from the Blackf riars-road (where he was now liv ingasasaistanttoageneral practitioner) to the hospital, where he was still attending the clinical lectures. He had heard an exag gerated version of the event, and came ex pecting to find a case of murder and suicide, the husband stretched lifeless beside the the wife he had sacrificed to his jealous fuiy.--' .'. .; ... , . .. *, .: . It was not; without some difficulty that he got permission to enter the room where the dead woman lay.:' ;The hospital nurse had been put ia charge of that chamber by the police, and Gerard wasobliged to enforce his arguments with a half-crown, which he could ill' afford, before the lady's conscien tious scruples were quieted, and she gave him the key of theroom. He went in with the nurse, and stayed for about a quarter of an hour, engaged in a careful and thoughtful examination of the wound. It was a curious wound. La Chicot's throat had not been cut, in the common acceptation of the phrase. The blow that had slain her was a deep stab ; a violent thrust with some sharp, thin, and narrow instrument, which had pierced the hollow of her neck, and penetrated in a slanting direction to the lungs. What had been the instrument ? Was it a dagger ? and if so, what kind of dagger ? George Gerard had never seen a dagger thin enough to inflict that fine narrow slit through which the blood had oozed so slowly. The crimson stream that stained coverlet and floor had flowed from the livid lips of the corpse, betokening hoemorrhage of the lungs. There had been a struggle before that fatal wound was given. On the round, white wrist of the dead, a purple bruise showed where a savage hand had gripped that lovely arm ; on the right shoulder, from which the loose nightdress had fallen, ap peared the marks of stony fingers that had fastened their clutch there. The nurse showed Gerard these bruises. 'They tell a tale, don't they ?' she said. . ' If we could only read it aright,' sighed Gerard. ' It looks as if she had fought for her life, poor soul,' suggested the nurse. Gerard made no further remark, but stood beside the bed, looking round him with thoughtful, scrutinising gaze, as if he would have asked the very wails to tell him the secret of the crime they had looked upon a few hours before. ' The police have been here and have dis covered nothing?' he said interrogatively. 'Whatever they've discovered they've kept to themselves,' answered the nurse, *' but I don't believe it's much.' ' Did they go in there ?' asked Gerard,, pointing to the open door of that small inner room, a mere den, where Jack Chicot had painted in -the days when he cherished the hope of earning his living asa, painter. Here of late he had drawn his wood blocks, and here, on a wretched narrow couch, he had s^pt. *? Yes, they went in,w replied the nurse, ' but Tm sure they didn't find anything par ticular there.' Gerard passed into the dusty little den. There was an old easel with an unfinished picture, half covered with a ragged chintz curtain. There was a deal table, ink stained, decrepit, scattered with papers, pens, pencil, a battered pewter inkstand, an empty cigar box, a file of 'Folly as it Plies,' and odd numbers of other comic journals. On the old-fashioned window seat — for these houses in Cibber-street were two hundred years old — there was a large wooden paint box, full of empty tubes, brushes, a couple of palettes, an old palette knife, rags, sponges. At the bottom of the box, hidden under rags, and rubbish, there lay a long thin dagger, of Italian workmanship, the handle of finely worked silver, oxidised with age, just such a dagger as an artist would fancy for his armory. George Gerard took up the dagger and looked at it curiously — a long thin blade, flexible, sharp, a deadly weapon in a strong hand, a weapon to inflict just such a wound as that deep stab which had slain La CB'eotJ He examined the blade, the handle — looking at both through his pocket micro scope. There was no speck of blood upon titter J 'Strange that the detectives should have overlooked this,' he said to himself, repla cing the dagger in the box. Mrs. Evitt had told him of Jack Chicof s unaccountable'disappearance — how he had gone out to call the police, and had never comeback. What could this mean except guilt ? And here in the husband's color : box was just such a weapon as that with which the wife had been stabbed. \- . ' And I know that h e was weary of her, I know that he wanted her to die/' mused Gerard. ' I read that secret in his face six months ago.' - \- He left.the room presently without any '?? expression of opinion to the hospital nurse, i who was eager to discuss the deed that had ? been done, and had theories of her own about it. He left the house and walked the : neighboring streets for an hour, waiting for; i the inquest. : : 'Shall I volunteer my Qpinionsbefore the j coroner?'? he asked himself .1 'To whatend ? i Itis but a theory after jail; And a coroner is ; rarely* man inclined .tcrsgivse #ar to specu [latibne of that kind. IM better wyite to i one: of. the newspapers. .Would it do any ; pood if I were to bring the crime home to the. husband? Not much, perhaps. Where j ever the wretch goes he 'carries -with him a conscience that must he worse punish-:, ment than the condemned cell. And to hang him would not bring her back to life, i Poor, foolish, lost creature, the only woman I ever loTed.'7 .?-; -r : ???-.?. The Prince of Wales'* Feather— more popularly known as TheFeatheTS — a public house at the corner of Gibber-street and Woodpecker-court— was the scene of the enquiry. The witnesses were the doctor, the police-sergeant, the detective who had advised in the examination of the premises, Desrolles, Mrs. Evitt, and Mrs. Rawber. Jack Chicot, the most important witness of all, had not been seen since he left the house under the pretence of summoning the police. This disappearance of the hus band, after giving an alarm which roused the sleeping household — an altogether un necessary and foolish act, supposing him to be the murderer—was the most remarkable feature in the case; and puzzled the Coroner. He questioned Mrs. Evitt closely as to the habits of the dancer and her husband. . tl You say they quarrelled frequently,' he said. ' Were their disputes of a violent character?' ' I have heard her violent, but never him. She was very fond of him, poor thing; though she wasn't a woman to give way or to be guided by a husband. She was fonder of drink than she ought to be, and he tried to keep her from it, leastways when they first came to my house. Later he seemed to have given her up, as you may say, and let her go her own way.' . \ ' Did he seem attached to her ??' . . 'Not to my fancy. I thought the love was all on her side.' u ' Was he a man of violent temper ?' ' No ; he. was one that took things very quiet. I used to think, there was some thing underhand in his character. I can call to mind her saying tome once, after they had been quarrelling, 'Mrs. Evitt, that man hates me too much to strike. If he was once to give way to his temper he'd be the death of me.' Those words of hers made an impression upon me at the time ? ' ' Come, come/' interrupted the Coroner, 'we can't hear anything about your im pressions. This isn't evidence/' but Mrs. Evitt's slow speech flowed onward like 5 tranquil stream meandering through a valley. '?I'd rather have a low brute that beat me black and blue,' she said to me another time, poor dear thing, ' if he was sorry for it afterwards, than a cold-hearted gentle man that can sting me to death with a word.'' 'I want to hear facts, not assertions/' said the Coroner impatiently. 'Did you ever know the husband of the deceased to be guilty of any act of violence either towards his wife or any one else ?' 'Never.' ' Do you know if Madame Chicot had money or any other valuables in her posses 8k a?' *' I should say she had neither. She was a woman of extravagant habits. It wasn't in her to save money.' Mrs. Rawber's evidence merely confirmed Mrs. Evitt as to the hour at which they had been aroused, and the conduct of Jack Chicot. The two women agreed as to the ghastly look of his face, and the sudden eagerness with which he had caught at the idea of going to fetch a policeman, an idea suggested by Desrores. Desrolles was the last witness examined. A s he stood up to answer the Coroner he causht sight of a familiar face in the crowd near the doorway. It was the coun tenance of Joseph Lemuel, the stockbroker, sorely changed since Desrolles had seen it last. Close by Mr. Lemuel's side appeared a well-known criminal lawyer. Desrolles' bistre complexion grew a shade greyer at sight of those two faces, both intently watebful. : The evidence of Desrolles threw no new light upon the mystery. He had known Mr. Chicot and his wife intimately — rarely bad passed a day without seeing them. They were both excellent creatures, but not suited to each other. They did not live happily together. He had never seen Jack Chicot guilty of any act of absolute violence towards his wife, but he believed that there was a good deal of bitterness in his mind, in short that they could not have gone on living together peaceably . much longer. Mr. Chicot had absented himself, from home very much of late. He had kept late hours and avoided his wife's com pany. In a word, it was an ill-assorted marriage, and they were a very unhappy couple— much to iJepitied, both. : This was all. The Jury returned an ; open verdict, but there was a feeling in the Court that a very strong suspicion attached to the dead woman's husband, and that if he did not turn up speedily he would have to be looked for. George Gerard watched the inquest from a crowded corner of the room, but he held his peace as to that discovery of the dagger in Jack Chicot's color box. La Chicot was buried two days after wards, and there was a tremendous crowd at Kensal Green to see the foreign dancing woman laid in her untimely grave. Mr. Smolendo with his own hands placed a wreath of white camellias on the coffin. Desrolles stood beside the grave, decently attired in a suit of black, hired for the occasion from a dealer in cast-off clothes, and ' looking quite the gentleman,' Mrs. Evitt said to ner gossips afterwards. Mrs. Evitt and Mrs. Bawber were both at the funeral — indeed, it may be said that the whole of Cibber-street turned out for the occasion. There had not been such a crowd since the burial of Cardinal Wiseman. All - the company from the Prince Frederick was there, besides much more of dramatic and equestrian London. Poor Mr. Smolendo was in the depth of despair. He had found analL-accomplished lady to take La Chicof s place in the bur lesque, but the public did not believe in the all-accomplished lady^-who was old enough to have been La Chicot's mother — ; and Mr. Smolendo saw his theatre a desert of empty benches. No matter that his scenery, his ballet, his orchestra* his; lime lights were the best and most costly in London. The public had run after La Chicot, and her unhappy fate cast a gloom . over the house, not easily to be dispersed. The tide of fashion rolled away to other theatres, and the bark, that carried Mr. Smolendo's fortunes was left stranded on |the shore. Between eight and sine o'clock on the night after La Chicot's funeral an elderly man called on Mr. Mosheh, a diamond mer- . chant, in a small way, who lived in one of jthe streets near Brunswick-square. The gentleman, was respectably clad in a long overcoat, and wore a grey beard which had been allowed to grow with a luxuriance , that entirely concealed the lower part of his face. Under his soft felt hat lie wore a black velvet skull cap, below, which there appeared no vestige of hair, whereby it might be inferred that the velvet cap was intended to hide the baldness of the skull it covered. Under the rim of the cap, which was -h'awn low upon the brow, appeared a pair of shaggy grey eyebrows, shadowing prominent eyes. Mr. Mosheh came out of dining-room, whence the savory odor of fish fried in the purest olive oil followed him like a kind of incense, and found the stranger waiting for him in the front room, which was half parlor half office. The diamoxfd merchant had a sharp eye for character, and he saw at a glance that his visitor belonged to the hawk rather than to the pigeon family. ' Wants to do me if he can,' he said to himself. 'What can I do for you?' he asked, with oily affability. 'You buy diamonds; I want to sell some, and as I sell them under the pressure of peculiar circumstances, I am prepared to let you have them a bargain,' said the stranger, with a tone at once friendly and businesslike. 'I don't believe in bargains. I'll give you a fair price for a good article, if you came, by the things honestly,' replied Mr. Mosheh. with a suspicious look. 'I am not a receiver of stolen goods. You have come to the wrong shop for that.' , 'If I'd thought you were I shouldn't Jiave come here,' said the grey-beardad old man. 'I want to deal with a gentleman. I am a gentleman myself, though a decayed one. I have not come on my own business, but that of a friend, a man you know by name and repute as well as you know the Prince of Wales — a man carrying on one of the most successful businesses in Lon don. I'm not going to tell you his name. I only give you the facts. My friend has bills coming through to-morrow. If they are dishonored he must be in the Gazette next week. In his difficulty he went to wife, and made a clean breast of it. She behaved as a good woman ought, put her arms round his neck and told him not to be downhearted, and then ran for her jewel case, and gave him her diamonds.' ' Let us have a look at these said dia monds,' * replied Mr. Mosheh, without vouchsafing any praise of the wife's de vo'Iob, ; Tiie man took out a small parcel and un folded it. There, on a sheet of cotton wool, reposed the gems, five-and-thirty large white stones, the smallest of them as big as a pea. ' Why, they're unset)!' exclaimed the diamend merchant. ' How's that ?' 'My frieiidis-a_^rpud nmn. He didn't want his wife's jewels to be recognised.' 'So he broke up the setting. Your friend was a fool, Sir. What do these stones belong to ?' speculated Mr. Mosheh, touching the gems lightly with the tip of his fleshy forefinger. ' A collet necklace, evidently, and a very fine collet necklace it must have been. Your friend was an idiot to destroy it.' ' I believe it was a necklace ' assented the visitor. 'My friend celebrated his silver weddieg last year, and the diamonds were a gift to his wife on that occasion.' The room was dimly lighted with a single candle which the servant had set down upon the centre table when she admitted the stranger. Mr. Mosheh drew down a movable gutta percha gas tube, and lighted the office lamp, which stood beside his desk. By this light he examined the jewels. Not content with the closest inspection, he took a little file from his waistcoat packet, and drew it across the face of one of the stones. ' Your friend is doubly a fool if he isn't a knave,' said Mr. Mosheh. ' These stones are imitation !' There came a look .so ghastly over the face of the grey-bearded man that the aspect of death itself could hardly have been more awful. ' It's a lie V he gasped. 'You axe ^.n impudent rascal, Sir, to bring me such trumpery, and a blatant ass for thinking you could .palm your paste upon Benjamin Mosheh, a man who has dealt in diamonds, off and on, for nearly thirty years. The stones are imitation, very clever in the way, and a very good color. Look here, Sir, do you see the mark my file leaves on the surface ? Father Abra ham, how the man trembles! Do you mean to tell me that'you've been fooled by these stones — that you've given money for them ? I don't believe a word of your cock-and-bull story about the London tradesman. But do you mean to say you didn't know they were false, and that I shouldn't be justified in giving you in charge for trying to obtain money on false pretences ?' ' As I am a living man, I thought them real,' gasped the grey- bearded man, who had been seized with a convulsive trembling awful to see. ' And you advanced money upon them ?' 'Yes.' 'Much?' «? All I have in the world. All ! All !' he repeated pasionately. I am a ruined man. For God's sake give me half a tumbler of brandy, if you don't want me to die in your house.' The man's condition was so dejected that |Mr. Mosheh, though inclined to believe him a swindler, took compassion on him. [He opened the door leading to his dining room and called to his wife. i ' Rachel, bring me the brandy and a tumbler.' 1 Mrs.. Mosheh obeyed. She was a large woman, magnificently attired in black isatin and gold ornaments, like an ebony cabinet mounted in ormolu. Nobody could have believed that she had fried a large consignment of fish that very day before putting on her splendid raiment. ; 'Is the gentleman ill,' she asked, kindly. ' He feels a little faint. There, my dear, that will do. You [can go back to the children,' ; ' They're uncommonly clever,' said Mr. Mosheh, fingering the stones, and testing them one by one, sometimes with his file, sometimes by the simpler process of wet ting them with the tip of his tongue, and looking to see if they retained their fire and Jight while wet. 'But there's not a real .diamond among them. If you've advanced ^noney on 'em you've been bad. They're of French manufactnre IVe no doubt. I'll kell you what I'll do for you. If you'll jleaye 'em with me 111 try and find out twhere they were made, and all about them.' 'No, no,' answered the other breath lessly, drawing the parcel out of Mr. MoshehV reach andrblling up the cotton wool hurriedlyr~' It's not worth while; it's no matter. I've been cheated, that's all. It can't help me to know who manu factured the stones. They're false, yoi* say, and if you are right I'm a ruined man, \ Good night.' - } He had drunk half a tumbler of raw brandy, and the brandy had stopped that convulsive trembling which affected him a few minutes before. He put his -parcel in his breast pocket, pulled himself together, and walked slowly and stiffly out of the room and out of the house, Mr. Mosheh ac companying him to the door. 'You can show them stones to as many dealers as you like,' said the Jew j 'youil find I'm right. Goodnight.' 11 Good night, ' the other answered faintly, and so disappeared in the wintry fog that wrapped the street rouud like a veil. 'Is the fellow a knave or a fool, I wonder ?' questioned Mr. Mosheh. Chapteb XLX.— 'To a Deep Lawny Dell they Came.' It was summer time again, the beginnings of June, the time when summer is fairest and freshest, the young leaves in the woods tender and transparent enough to let the sunlight through, the young ferns just un furling their broad Prince of Wales's feathers, the roses just opening, the patches of common land and furzy corners of meadows ablaze with gold, the sky an Italian blue, the day so long that one almost forgets there is such a thing as night in the world. It was a season that Laura had always loved, and even now, gloomy as was the outlook of her young life, she felt her spirits lightened with the brightness of the J land. Her cheerfulness astonished Celia, ^ who was in a state of chronic indignation against 3ohn Treverton, which was all the more intense because she was forbidden to talk of him. 'I never knew anyone take things so lightly as you do, Laura,' she exclaimed, one afternoon when she found Mrs. Tre verton just returned from a long ramble in the little wood that adjoined the Manor House grounds. ' Why should I make the most of my troubles? Earth seems so full of gladness and hope at this season that one cannot help hoping.' ' You cannot, perhaps. Don't say one cannot,' Celia retorted, snappishly, 'if vou mean to include me. J left off hoping Wore I was eighteen. What is there to hope for in a parish where there are only two eligible bachelors, one of the two as ugly as sin, and the other an incorrigible flirt — a man who seems always on th» brink of proposing, yet never proposes ?' 'You have not counted your devoted admirer, Mr. Sampson. He makes a third.'7 'Sandy-haired, and a village solicitor. Thank you, Laura. I have not sunk so low as that. If I married him I should have to marry his sister Eliza, and that would be quite too dreadful. No, dear, I can manage to exist as I am, * in maiden, meditation, fancy free.' When I change my situation I shall expect to better my self. As for you, Laura, you are a perfect wonder. I never saw you looking so well. Yet in your position I am sure' I should have cried my eyes out.' ' That wouldn't have made the position better. I have not left off hoping, Celia, and when I feel low-spirited I set myself to work to forget my own troubles. There is so much tol-e looked after on an estate lik© this^ — the house, the grounds, the poor people — I can aways find something to do.' ^^ ' You are a paragon of industry ; I never saw the garden as pretty as it is this year.3r '? I like every thing to look its best,' said Laura, blushing at her own thoughts. The one solace of her life of late had been to preserve and beautify the good old house and its surroundings. The secret hope that John Terverton would come back some day, and that life would be fair and sweet for her again, was the hidden spring of all her actions. Every morning she said to herself,. ' He may come to 'day ;' every night sh« consoled herself with the fancy that he might come to-morrow. ' I may have to wait for years,' she said in her graver moments, ' but let him come when he will he shall find that I have been a faithful steward.' She had never left the Manor House since she came back from her lonely honeymoon She had received various hospitable invi tations from the country families, who were anxious to be civil to her now that she was firmly established among them as a land owner, but she refused all such invitations^ excusing herself because of her husband's enforced absence. When he returned to England she would be delighted to visit with him, and so on ; whereby the country people were given to understand that there -i was nothing extraordinary or unwarrantable in Mr. Treverton's non-appearance at the- Manor House. '? His wife seems to approve of his con duct, so one can only suppose that it's all right,' said people, notwithstanding which the majority clung affectionately to the supposition that it was all wrong. Despite Laura's hopefulness, and that sweetness of temper and gaiety of mind which preserved the youthful beauty of her face, there were hours — one hour perhaps in every day — when her spirits drooped, and hope seemed to sicken. She had pored over John Treverton's last letter until the paper upon which it was written had grown thin and worn with frequent handling; but at the best, dear as the letter was to her, she could not extract much hope from it. The letter was not utterly hopeless in ita tone, Yet the writer spoke of a parting; that might be for life ; of a tie that might last for ever ; a tie that bound him in honor, if not in fact, to some other woman... He had wronged her deeply by that broken marriage — wronged her by sup posing that the possession of Jasper Trever ton's estate could in any wise compensate her for the false position in which that marriage had placed her ; and yet she could not find it in her heart to be angry with him. She loved him too well, and thi» letter, whatever guilt it vaguely, confessed,, overflowed with love for hex. She for gave him all things for the sake of that love. When tad she begun to love, him, she asked herself sometimes in a sad reverie.. She had questioned, him closely as to the growth of iis lov.e, but had been slow to make her own confession. How well she remembered his pale, tired, face that winter night, just a year and a half ago, when he came into the lamp-lit ?1 & 4~ 'V room and took bis seat on the opposite side of the hearth, a stranger and half an «aemy. u . -v 'V. ' -'-.'. 'V '. ' .'''? ./?''' ' - v ^aiiafl.liked and admired him / from the j&Xy.; first, loribiwing that he was , prejudiced «Sg£in8t hfe*. ; The pjile clear-cut face, |he glfey'eyekMfii their black ' lashes^ vr^icli , &&€& thern look tjlack in some lights, Hazel [ ip ftrfhdf££ %e thoughtful mouth, and that ' all-pervading expression of melancholy yhich had at onde enlisted her sympathy; all; these had pleased her. \ '? - ** I must have been dreadfully yreak minded,' she said to herself, ' for I really think I fell in love with him at first sight.' That little wood behind the Manor House grounds was Laura's favorite/resort in this early summer time. It was the ?most picturesque of woods, for the ground sloped steeply to a narrow river on. the outer side of which there was' a rugged bank, topped by a grove of fir-trees. The stream ran brawling over a rocky bed, and. the' bold masses of rock here shining purple, or changeful grey, there green wHn moss ; the fringe of ferns upon the river brio?; the old half-rained wooden bridge that spanned the torrent; the background of beech and oak, mingled with the darker foliage of old Scotch fira^ and, towering darkly above all, the lofty ridge of moorland, made a picture that Laura, fondly loved. Here she came when the prim gardens of the Manor-House seemed too small to hold her thoughts and cares. Here she seemed to breathe a freer air. She came to this -spot one evening in June, after a day of sunny weather which had seemed longer and wearier and alto gether harder to bear than the generality of her days. Oelia had heen with her all day, and Celia's small talk had been drearier ilmn solitude. She was thankful to be ^ alone in this quiet shelter, where the inde ? fetigable labors of the woodpecker and the r * babble of the stream were the only sounds that stirred the summer silence. : All day long the heat had been hardly endurable, now there was a breath of cool ness in the air, and nothing left of that fierce sun but a soft yellow light in the western sky. She had a volume of Shelley in her pocket, taken up from among the books on tiie table in her favorite room. It was one ?of the books she loved best, and had been the companion of , many a ramble. She seated herself on a fallen trunk of oak beside the riverj and opened -the volume hap-hazardat '? Rosalind and Helen,' and she read on till she came to those lovely lines which picture such a spot as that where she was sitting— . *? To a deep lawny dell they came. To a stone seat beside a spring. O'er which the column'^ wood 4id frame A roofless temple, like the fane Where, ere new creeds could faith obtain, Man's early -race once knelt Jjeneath The overhanging Peity.' .',.,-' She read on. The scene suited the poem, and its deep melancholy harmonised but too well with her own feelings. -^ .A' story of love, the fondest, truest, most^unworldly, ending in hopeless sorrow. Never had the gloom of that poem sunk so heavily upon her8pirit. ? - She closed the book suddenly, with a half-stifled sob* The moon was -rising, silver fc pale, above the dark ridge of moorland. V The last streak of golden light' had faded. S tahind the red' trunks of ?/, the firsV^ The lqw- melancholy cry Y-f an owl sounded far off in tne dark heart of the wojOjLr -?Xt was, indeed, as if: '.- r w The owla had all fled far away : r - - la a merrier glen to hoot and jplay^ ,' In such a spot ; JMnind attoed to jnelan clioly might easily sbapespectral forma out of the evening shadows, 'and call up the ghosts of the loved and lost. Laura looked ugfrom herbook' with a strange uncanny feeling, as if, indeed, some ghostly presence' were near. Her eyes wandered slowly across the joeky bed of the river, and- there, on the' oppositebank, half in shadow, half in the golden light of the big round moon, she saw a tall figure and a pale face looking at her. She rose with *. haU-atifled cry of fear.: That face looked so spectral in the .mysti cal light. And then she clasped her hands joyously and cried ' I knew you would, come back I' This was the deserter's welcome. No frowns, no upbraidings — a sweet face beam ing with delight, a happy- voice full of fondest welcome. . KHumphj'xsries the misogynist, 'what fools these women are.' He came, stepping lightly across the rocks, at some risk of measuring his length in the stony bed of the river, andin less than a minute was by her side. Not a word did he say for the first mo ment or so. His greeting was dumb. He took her to his heart, and kissed her as he had never Mssedher yet. ' My own one, my wife!' hecried. ' You are all mine now. Lovef I have been patient. Don't be hard with me.' ^, This last remonstrance was hecause she W^ had drawn herself away from his arms, and was looking at him with a smile which was no longer tender but ironical. ** Have you come back to Hazelhurat to spend an evening,' she asked, ' or can you prolong your visit for a week ?' ' I have come back to spend my life with you — I have come back to stay' for evert They may begin t»; build me a vault' to- morrow in Hazelhurst ^churchyard. I shall be here tq occupy it, when iny=$me comes — if you will have me. That is ?. the ques- , tion/lAura. It all depends 'on you% Oh, '-©ve, love, answer me quickly. If .you. hut knew how I have longed for this moment. Tell me, sweet, have I quite worn out your love? Has my /Conduct forfeited your esteem for ever?' 'You have behaved very unkindly to me,' she answered, slowly, gravely, her - voice trembling a little. *f You have used me in a manner which I think a woman with proper womanly pride could hardly forgive.' : ' Laura,*' he cried, piteously. 'But If ear I am not possessed of proper womanly pride, because I have forgiven. you-' she said, innocently. 'My treasure, my delight !' ' But it would have been so much easier to forgive if vou had trusted ine, if you had told me all tne truth. Oh, John ♦ husband, and yet no husband, you have treated me * very cruelly.' f Here she forgot her unreasoning joy at seeing him again, and suddenly remembered herself and her wrongs. 'I know, love,' he said, on his knees l-eside her, ' I seem to have acted vilely* ancl jet, believe me, dearest, my sole motive was the desire to protect yourin . ierestg.'-' '. ;:-.-'.. v ...' You have put me to shame before jftlL mankind by your conduct,' urged Laura, - meaning the village of Hazelhurst. »'You hjive no right to 'approach me, no right to look me in the face. ' ? Have you not con fessed in that cruel letter f&M; you were 'y not free' to marry me, and that you Ibelopg in some wflj *° another woman?' ; ; ., 'That other woman is dead. I am free as the air.' '.',-.. 'What was she? Your wife:*'; There was a look of infinite pain in John Treverton's face. His lips- moved as if about to speak, but he was silent. There are some truths difficult of utterance ; and it is not easy to all men to lie. 'It is too painful a story,' he began at last, speaking hurriedly, as if he wanted to make a speedy end of a hateful subject. ' A good many years ago, when I, was very young, and a most consummate fool — I go% myself entrapped into ', a Scotch marriage. You have heard of the peculiarities of the marriage law in Scotland ?' ' Yes, I have heard and read about them.'' 'Of course. Well, it was a marriage and no mistake — a reckless, half-jesting promise, tortured, by false witnesses, into a legal undertaking. 1 found myself, un awares, a married man — a millstone tied round my neck. I will tell you no more of: that . wretched entanglement, dearest; It would not be good for you to hear. I will only say that I bore my burthen more patiently than most men would have borne, it, and now I thank God with all my heart aad soul for my freedom. And I come to you, dear love, to implore your forgiveness, and to ask you to join me, three weeks hence,, in some quiet place thirty or forty miles from here, where no one will know us, and where we may be married again some find summer morning, so that, if that Scotch marriage of mine were really binding, and our former marriage illegal, we may tie the knot securely, and for ever.' 'You should have trusted me at first/ John,' Laura said reproachfully. 'I ought to have done so, love, but I so feared to lose you. Oh, my darling, grant all I ask, and you shall never have cause to regret your 'goodness. Forgive me, and forget all that I have told you to night. Let it be as if it had never been. TJie~ second marriage which I ask for is a precautionary measure— needless, ^perhaps— -but it wiu make me feel more secure in my happi ness. My beloved, will you do what I ask?' ' ' - ?' ''-.. She had dried her tears. Her heart was welling over with gladness and love for this sinner, still kneeling by her side as she sat on the ferny river bank, in the brighten ing moonlight, holding both her hands in his, looking up pleadingly as he made his prayer. There was no thought of denying him in her mind. She only wanted to yield with good grace, not to humiliate herself too deeply; ' It must be as you wish,' she said. When you have arranged .this second mar riage you can write to 'me and tell me where*and when. it Is to be. I will come to the place you appoint, with my maid. She is a good girl, and I can trust her.. She can be one of the witnesses of our wedding.'* u Are you sure she will not talk about it afterwards.' . -; .._ L ' I have proved her already, and I ; k 10 w she |s trustworthy,'* j / , . 'Be it so love. See here.' He teak a Cornish guide book from his pocket, and opened it at the map of the county, f* I have been thinking that we might go further west to some t emote- parish. Here is Camelot^ for ? instance, v ? I never heard iof anyone living at Camelot since the time oof. King Arthur. Surely, there we should he safe from observation. The guide book &g-; knowledges that there is nothing .particular to be seen at Camelot. Jt has not even a good word for .the inns. , The place is miles away from eyerything,. It ^ an ^npmflly in. towns, for though it has a Town Hall and a : market place, it has no church that it can call its own, but hooks itself on to a brace : of outlying churches, each a mile and a half away. Let us be married at one of those out of-the-way places* Laura, and I shall lore \- Gamelot all the days of my life, as one loves the plain face of a friend who has done one a great service.' Laura had nothing to say against Game lot, and i$Y was finally resolved that John Treverton should get there as soon as rail : and coach would carry him, and that, he should have the banns put up at one of! the churches, and that he should meet Laura at Didford Junction three weeks from that day, and' escort her by coach across the wild moors and under the shadow of giant brown tors, to the little town of Cataelot, where a ; modest population of six or seven hundred souls seemed to have lost themselves amo&g; the hills, and got somehow left behind in the noisy march of time and progress. They lingered for a long time beside the brawling river, walking arm in arm along the narrow woodland path, half in moon shine, half in shadow, talking of the future; both utterly happy, and one of them, at least, tasting pure and perfect happiness for the first time in his life. ? ? ' Shall we go to Penzance after our wed .: ding, love, and then cross to the Stilly Isles for our honeymoon? It will be so sweet to . have a little rock-bound world of our own, , circled by the Atlantic.' . Laura assented that it would be sweet; : Her world was henceforth to be small John I Treverton its sun and centre, and all things outside him and beyond him a mere elemen taiy universe. . . .; ' r He looked at his watch presently when they came out of the pine wood into the I broad moonlight. '? ? 'My Jove, dearest, I shall have no more than time to see you as far as the orchard gate,, and then run off to catch the last train for Didford. I shall sleep at the hotel there, to-night. I don't want to be seen within twenty miles of Hazelhurst till you and I come back from the Seilly Isles, sunburnt and happy, to take up our, abode at the dear old Manor house. Oh, Laura, how I shall love thatgood, honest, respectable old home ; how earnestly I shall thank God night and morning for my blissful life. Ah, love; you can never fully understand what a kicked about waif I nave been for the last seven years of my worthless existence. You can never fully know how thrice-blessed is a tranquil haven after stormy seas. | They had opened their hearts and minds fully to each other in that long talk beside tihe riverj she withholding nothing, he en tering into no details of his life history, but frankly admittinff 'his unworthness. She told him ho w she hid borne herself at Hiizel hurst after her solitary return from a sup posed honeymoon ; how she had hidden tne truth from all her Uttte world. It would seem the most natural tiling for her to go away to join her husband abroad, and. for fliem both to return together. ; , They parted at the orchard gate- hurriedly, for John had three- miles to walk to the station,, and pnty three- quarters of an hour to i do tte walk. There was but one hasty Mss at parting, but oh, the blissfulness of such a Mss on the threshold of so. fair a future,. Laura threaded her way slowly through the moonlit orchard,, where the old' apple, trees cast their crocked shadow on the soft deep turf, and happy tears poured down her flushed cheeks as she went. ... 'God is good to us, God is very good,' she kept repeating inwardly. 'Oh, how can we ever he grateful enough, how can we ever be earnest enough to do our duty ?'- In all her talk with John Treverton she had not said a word about the settlement.; She had not praised him or thanked him for his generosity. All thought of Jasper Treverton's fortune was as remote from her mind as if the old man had died a pauper, and there had not been a shilling of loss or Rain contingent upon her marriage with his; kinsman. . - (Tobe continued.) . -? 