EXPERIENCES ' OF AN . EDINBT3EGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McSOVAN, Atjthoe of s'Brought to Bay," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. -i. ; All rights reserved.] . Segoni)'Series.—No. IV. BURNT O U T T R A.UES. (In Two Pabts^Pabt. X) : Not far from Glasgow, and on- the face of | a steep slope lies -the town of ,W • , be- j neath and "around which lies a perfect; honeycomb of coal pits. Near this little town stood a two-storey houses enclosed in | a little garden .which had remained for nearly a year1 unlet, on account of a report that the foundation was sinking. At length dence in the principal inn,; in'"the main street of.the town, this lady took and, meagrely furnished'the unlet house, moving j thither with her servant arid vaghelyhiuc- j ing at her iritentiori of making the place her | permanent resideriee,if they would only j let her alone." , Thethey" alluded to .was j interpreted by her servant to those curious ; enough to enquire to mean some expectant; relatives who were- rathermore eager fori Hiss Buchanan's death and money than; that lady considered seemly, or assuring. \ The few days' residence at the hotel had J revealed certain circumstances regarding Miss Buchanan that Were- riot - likely to be forgotten in the gossipy little place. These were that she had rather a disagreeable temper, and was very eccentric/and very fond of brandy, or any strong, spirit, of which she consumed more in a day than if she had been astrong,robust collier,ririistead of a slender and somewhat delic&te; .old' woman. After her removal to the rather I lonely . house already .mentioned., Mis3 ] Buchanan was seldom seen. She never went abroad, either to kirk or market, and took open-air exercise only when, she was ;riotlikely, to be/seen or recognised., ./The secret, "of this., eccentric,, habit, wag lo ig .hidden, but at length, like many "more, oozed out through her servant* the girl Maggie-Bryce. " She's afraid,.thather relatives find out where .she is arid come down here and take "her away, mriybe to an asyluria," the girl •admitted, in Btrict confidence, of course, to , one of her cronies. " She is very rich, an, ; if they once got her into an asylum, where j she would be kept to a strict quantity every! day, they would have it all in their own i hands." In subsequent bursts of. confidence the! eirl Brvce also, admitted that she herself \ knew fittle of her-employer, having only| been picked up at a-servants' register in ; Glasgow, before coming to: ; and, j moreover," stated her belief that Buchanan i was not her mistress's real name. The/ inference was plain," In order to escape! importunate" friends, the old lady had! •changed her name and' removed to an! obscure town,; where; she could 'do as: she | pleased with her own while she lived, and; leave to her.affectionate friends the task j of tracing her, in their own interests, after! she; was gone. .; When questioned: as to.the! means of the lady she served> 'Bryce was: • notquite so commritdcatiyfcf perhaps- fromj ■ a want of real knowledge ' 'on 'the sabject; j but it,was generaUylahderstpoa.'/that Miss j eBuchanan was tolerably wealthy,lmd,*tb at; she -seldom troubled banks, with /the task i Of proteriting her moneys' -- iu - - . . : j About* the tube that these"' facts Vera be-! coining kriown, !two , incidents' .occurredj which have a corisiderable bearirig. on the; intricate, mystery- which-• ..followed,..and; which, therefore, must be noted here. Aj steady course of dissipation and unlimited indulgence at last reduced Migs Buchanan to such a fltat&ithat; ibe frightened servantj girl one Moi^g'imhnhehed'a iftedicatman, j expressing a fear that her ihistresS had gone ; mad.'iThe doctdr, 'wiio was somewhat of a • eharacter,.and ^plaiiv spokenashewas j clever,*^ sniffed suspiciously at a ,couple, of j brandy bottles which 'he: took from; under | the'sick-vvoman's pillow, and said shortly— j " " Mad P Iinphm ;: it's a common kin' c? \ madness." How much o! ;this 'does she take 1 in a day P" " V" ".•VVV;:-'';'. Bryce answered without reserve, and the > medical man's emphatic statement and warning was that if his1 patient did not I moderate her allowance she would not live ; another month, even supposing . she re covered from .the present attack. „ .. However, the patient seemed to; have a pretty hardy constitution; for. after a few j visits, she was well enough to pay the doctor with her own hands, and to sharply tell him " not to: come back again."',, About thiB time also, the girl Bryce seems to have got; acquainted -with, a man named Bill Hods, a collier; by trade; but at that, time up with the milttia in a town hard by; for the annual six weeks' training." This , man borC an; indifferent character, but of j course that could not well be known to the ' girl Bryce, who, like most of her kind was not indifferent to a handsome face and ; figure, more especially when encased, in a ; semblance of a military garb., Dods was i an old gaol bird, haying been twice impri soned for desertion, twice for jobbery, and ; once for assault; but Bryce learned to like : him, and to admit him to the house, with out her mistress's knowledge, as well as to regale him on delicacies which had never been intended for his capacious throat. •; Bryce, at this time, was not bad herself, only silly, and fond of giggling" and romp- j ing, of which she got so little in her.lonely home; nor is Bryce the first - by many thousands who have been led off their feet by the same apparently harmless inclina tion. In the masterly hands of Dods this : giggling girl was pliant as putty; and with : her head full of.notions of being his wife, looked forward with ecstacy to the time : when his six weeks of tiaining should end. : But when that time arrived; something occurred which she, at least, had not antici pated when she first smiled-upon her fol ower. One evening Bryce appeared at the shop of the chemist who had supplied her mistress's drugs during her brief illness, with her cheeks swathed in a flannel bandage, and looking somewhat excited or distressed, and asked for a sleeping draught. "And you must give me-something strong, but not ill to .take," she added to the lad who served." " My mistress is going away somewhere to-night—'Glasgow, I think—and as I've had no Bleep with this toothache for two nights Pmust have some thing to make me forget Putin the lonely place by myself. If I don't sleep PU see nothing but ghosts and goblins the whole night through," " Hadn't you better get the tooth out ? suggested the chemist's assistant, who was in the habit of joking familiarly with the gill. "If you let me look.at it for a moment, and sit down, I'll have it out before you know where you: are, and charge you nothing for the job.", ■ "Thank you—no; I don't want to lo-e any of my teeth," hastily returned the girl. "Besides, I don't think it proceeds from a bad one—it's only rheumatism in the gums; and the mistress says the sleeping draught is the only thing for me." " Well, let me see the gum, and p'r'aps I can give you isomething to rub on it," per sisted the lad; but Brvce for once appeared in a hurry to be gone,"and only said— " No, give me the sleeping draught: it' I get to-night oya* that a all I care- for. But don't glyh basly thing. If it had been for "the: mistress l shouldn't have cared.: She is such a seasoned cask that: she can swallow anything and never make aface." " Then your mistress is to be back again to-morrow?" inquiringly remarked the chemist, as he made up the. draught re quired. The girl reddened mid stammered a little, to his surprise; and then said, rather in coherently— ' ' "Well, I don't know about that. Who: can tell what she'll do? . She knows her own business best. She might, be off to -America to-morrow for aught I know and. -never come back again. .She's like the wan dering: Jew, I think—always on the move." Altogether there was such a markad: change in the girl's manner that the lad, as soon as he had left the shop, said to hiin-. self— "I doubt she has been taking some of h'-r > mistress's brandy. She has too much in her ; power—too much for her own good." The nearest town to W—— is four miles, -off, and the common road between the two: •is skirted for a part of the way by a long plantation, through which runs a path leading ; to the militia town in which Bill Dods has just ponipleted -his six weeks of ; training. ; A few-hours after the above conversa tion at the chemist's two persons were seen "to meet and converse;earnestly for some: time at this roadside .thicket. One was a: . man, said to resemble BiU Dods;. the other was a woman,.-whose appearance was not! :iioted particularly,; except that she wore an old- fashioned 'dress of flowered barege, aj bonnet^atfvraffatleast twenty years out of; ^fatifldn;'&^"X^eil of rich black lace, .thiek i iehxiugh to-hioe her.beauty, if she pos-i ;sessedanyyiromtherudest gaze. In her' ohandthis lady, carried a hamper, or hand ■basket, roped as for a journey, biit though j at appeared -weighty, she did nbt seem to I ^iah'fot assistance.in carrying it. After aj itime,^e two parted, the man going towards^ • Wt-tt-, and the. woman moving on towards i .the next town, which also boasts a railway j station.'; At this railway station the basket • alluded 'to was taken possession - of by the, 'railway .porter to he ticketed for. the! .baggage yan, when he saw, and afterwards: remembered the. fact,., that it was legibly ; labelled- "Miss- Buchanan, passenger to, Glasgow." " The sarae; 'man, - when ques-; tioned- as! tbthe; appearhhce; aad manner \ of the passengerj firmly said— . " She Iwaa.: Ig&y; ■ auld—the . hair I saw; under hern.vOiL waswery grey^'-and-in an; awlu' hurry for <the .train comin' up. She ■ couldna sit still a meemt, but was aye; stamping abobt the platform like a daft, body." . . ' The. same night, at about eleyen o'clock,' one of the policemen'in W ... , .while, standing at the head of the long steep street leading to the railway station, after the: closing of the public-houses, fancied He saw a glare of light: oh the low' ground far below. • His first impression was that one, of the out-houses or luggage: stores of . the . railwaystation was on fire, and he said so to some' ode. near, but night firea are some what misleading as! to distance, and it was speedily ascer tmhed that . the house no w ; wrapped in flames was that occupied by the: eccentric-Miss. Buchanan. ; A great deal of unnecessary-running to mid fro followed the discovery^ but at' last the1 fire-engine was got out and connected with a pond near the: bousebut by that 'jtimp flames were? sbootpag! out at every! window, the" floor of;'the rupper storey had fallen in, fol lowed'by a portion of the foof, and the: whole house as thoroughly gutted As'ifHt had been allowed to blaze unhfebde^'.: After; i pouring water: upon .the : ruins, for a . w hours,. the. police \ entered the ; building. There had been but little furniture in the ; place—merely what sufficed for the kitchen, : servant's bedroom, and Miss' Buchanan's own room—aid that , little was destroyed; but a 'strange :.and; overpowering ..odor coming from the bedroom allotted to the girl Bryce, together with some statements made by the cbe mist's assistant, who bad been attracted thither. by the ergwd, in duced tbe police to examine tbe spot with more than * ordinary keenness. • The little apartment was n!ow: swimming with water, the bed clothes mostly consumed, and little .of the bedstead but tbe four posts left standing; <but in tbe centre of the melan choly wreck , was the remains of a human form, attired - in what seemed to be the burnt shreds of a servant's print wrapper. .''I'm afraid the girl's been burnt alive," said the chemist's assistant, in horror, as they gently gathered up the unrecognisable remains," for that is a bit of the very dress she had. oh when she came for the sleeping draught." A more diligent search revealed among the scorched remains a small medicine phial, warped with the heat, but yet recognisable as that which contained the sleeping j draught, and the half-melted remains of a brass candlestick; and the poliee, putting , all ascertained facts together, at once; jumped to a not very stupid looking con clusion— " The girl had been lonely or disinclined j for sleep, had lain down on the bed with a ; hook or a paper in her hand, and the candle I beside her, and had then fallen asleep, and been burnt or suffocated as she lay before help could arrive." Such was their firmly expressed opinion, and it was in that form that the case found its way into tbe newspapers. But a day's , investigation threw a new light on the mystery. The bouse was not so thoroughly j consumed in all its parts but that traces of | an incendiary's hand could be detected.; There were piles of papers here and there carefully arranged and saturated with tur pentine, with loose cotton sheeis ancfchiintz " curtains close at hand, and these traces were . not found at one spot only. The circumstance of Miss Buchanan de parting so suddenly from the next railway station, hearing her valuables with her, added to the grave aspect of the case, to gether with the fact that she was firmly Believed to be more than eccentric—ac- : tunlly unsettled ^in reason. The wits of these country policemen were not dull— the case was merely one a little out of their : line; bo their second conclusion,rightor wrong, had at least a plausible appearance. i The police notice printed at W , and ; sent round to the 'various offices and sta tions, including our own at Edinburgh, ;! stated that, Whereas the house had been found on fire in the manner already de scribed, and showing traces of having been wilfully ignited, and whereas- the charred remains of a human heinghad been found in the servant's bedroom, and identified as those.of the girl Maggie Bryce, her mis tress, Miss. Buchanan, having absconded the same evening, after advising her ser vant to procure a sleeping draught, a re ward of Ten Pounds was offered foT the apprehension of the said Mis8 Buchanan, and all police officers and constables were empowered' to arrest and detain any. one answering the minute description which followed. About the time that this notice reached our office, it chanced that an Edinburgh housebreaker took it, into his head that he would be safer in the west, working under ground in a grimy coal pit for a time than in either Edinburgh or Glasgow, and I went through to pick him up. As I needed one of the local police to help me—a man who had been present at the fire—I said to him, in talking the case over— "It's a strange thing that none of you thought of looking after the man Bill Dods, who was believed to have been seen near the road with the old lady on the night she went of," ''Oh, Dods? We did look after him, but he was gone too," was the quick re joinder. 'f Gone ?-—with the old lady,- do you mean ?" I said, in surprise. | "That is more than any one can tell, j They did not go by the same train, or in deed, by the. same station, but they might have made it .up to meet somewhere." "And you mean to tell me that they: made it up—this rascally collier and the daft old lady—to elope, after firing the house and burning the innocent servant whom he had before been sweethearting : I increduously returned. ' "Not exactly that. The fellow might easily have got round a daft old wbifian; but the- girl may have stood in the way of an elopement, and been dosed to sleep till they were gone. The fire might have been an accident." " The notice-distinctly mentions traces of an incendiary. \- " Yes, but the traces were precious well burnt out. You can't rely much on them." ," You can describe Bods, I suppose ?" Oh, yes; no one- could mistake hini in any guise. A : handsome fellow, about twenty-eight, dark brown hair and mous tache, which he curls at the end like a .drill sergeant. He always affects a military air, and jsometimes pretends to be an old soldier.." •; •: . .. *■' You will detain him, I suppose, if he ' sh ould turn up ?" "Will a blackbird snap at a worm? , Yes, -we'll grip him fast, never fear, and get something out of him, too, if he comes in our way." : Ail interval followed this visit of "mine,: during which, no further stir was mad© re garding the mysterious crime; The remains of the servant were claimed by her friends from Glasgow, and taken thither and decently interred. As for the bid lady,; Miss Buchanan, she remained hidden from1 every search, from the moment she had entered the train from Glasgow on the, night of'the fire; More than one person] answering her description was picked-up i and detained, but they were all found, to be bther than the. real" lady, and I' began to believe that, whatever the nature, of the crime which had that night been I committed, all traces of it had been effec tually obliterated by the fire. After an inter val of some months, however, I chanced to> ;notice, in an account of the Glasgow.Police! .Court cases, the name.of one "William! Dods, describing himself as . a gentleman,! and charged with assault to the effusion of! blood:in a publie-hbuse iu Trongate." •' Thei case having1 been an aggravated one, the; accused, though anxiously, pleading for aj fine, was. sentenced to three days' imprison-] ment, the Bailie remarking that he bad a] suspicion- that Bods waB an old offender,' which, if proved, would have added a! mohth at least ."to ui^ sentence.. TKpword-] ing 'of this accountmore than tiie namb attracted my. attention, and I atopcesent a telegram to Johhny Farrel to the follow ing effect:— ; "Detain the man William Dods^till I come through. I wish to, .speak toMbi.'' ] *the following morning I was .through at the prison, and was shown the interest-; ] ingprisoner, diessed and ready toleavbj his ] short sentence having expired -that morn-!: ing. ( He was flashily attite^ atd; ^or&1 a]; twenty'guinea .gbld^a^ywi^h'ja heavy : gold, chain, and carried a purse Jn which I: myself counted nearly twenty pounds be-j fore it was restored to him.- Still) a glance at the man wpuld have told any one\thalj ' he was no gefitlemairt and aftpr reig ubsting . him. as a faypr., to, vvail^. op; anddo wn! th<j roomfor^a momenty: ^decided by Ma gait that he was, or,had heen/> bothcollier: ana •!a:; militia * • manMore) ''the-[gehafltl' :de4 scription giVen mib of Bffl^ man beforeme;and after a "grave". wh)s| .pered conversation with Jplmny, Farrelj . and a due caution to the prisoner,!'abruptly " Were you ever in W^—j What a change these* simple words made upon the man's whole aspect t7 Before, he had been defiant, lordly, and indignant, and eager to -fee gone,-but now He. paled tea sickly hue/and seemed ao anxious to retain his seat 'that I was doubtful if he could have walked Maided. ^ He remained thus paralysed for some moments, and. then said " What—what do you mean ?" • ■ . ' " Yohare making that reply to gain time to think what story to make up," I coolly remarked. "Out with ' it, main—are;you not Bill Dods, formerly in the. militia, and some time sweetheart,to a girl named Maggie Bryce ?" ! : . There was a long pause, during which I took occasion to say that his silence wbuld he quite as'good an! answer "to me aa: the longest of speeches, when he recovered a little and boldly said—. " Yes, I did "belong to that place, but I didn't sweetheart the girl Bryce much-. 11 spoke to her once or twice—that's all." "Did you meet and speak to.her em ployer, Miss Buchanan, on : the." road to W , on the ' night the house was : bnrned?" .. , A curious look—almost a contemptuous i smile—crossed his facoat the question, and he quickly and firmly answered— : 0; ."No." ' "Have you seen her since that'time, then ? here, in Glasgow, or elsewhere ?" , "No, I never spoke to her in my life," he doggedly auswered. " Do you not even know where she is to be found?" I continued, beginning to'see that Dods was a cleverer rascal than I had . imagined. - "I do not—I can swear that," he.em.- ; phatically returned. "Whatare you doing now?" I calmly pursued. .." I;meap, what do you earn your bread by P -^You seem to have prospered since the night of the fire," Again a tinge of the sickly pallor crossed his face, but it was more quickly conquered and dispelled than the laBt, and he boldly answered— " I am doing nothing. I've been left some money, and am living on that." . . " Have you any objections to telling us who it was that left you the money ?" "Isthat any business of yours?" he fiercely returned, with a gathering Scowl. " That is precisely what I wish to dis cover," I calmly rejoined. > " You alone can enlighten me." "Then you may go elsewhere for the news. I am not to be pumped." " Just as I feared. You have something to conceal," I sharply answered. " Well, I dare say I shall discover what l want without your aid. You refuse also to.give your address, I understand, but rest assured we will not let you go till we have found that out." "Whatam I to be kept in for? Isn't my time up ?" he said, in evident alarm. . " Turn over certain incidents of your past history for a moment in your mind, and try to discover a probable reason for yourself," was .my parting advice, and with the answer he had to be cqntehtl . /■ •/ We left the prison, andi having arranged for his detention, sought out his lodgings, a third-rate hoteT in an obscure street; but as he had little or no luggage we made no discovery of importance, further than that he had stated on his arrival that the " long railway ride had made him hungry," and that he had just "come to Glasgow to spend some money: at the Fair.": The . result was.that in a day or two Dods was set at liberty, there being ho evidence to connect him with the strange crime, upon which I had now spent so much thought. Some days after these incidents in coming along our own Nicholson-street with McSweeny, I chanced to return some vague answer to one of his remarks, when he suddenly said— " Faith, I?d take me- oath now that your thinking .On the miserable defeat; you had at Glasgow wid that thafe of the world, Dods ?" ... . "I was thinking of the case truly,hut not of defeat," T " laughingly returned. "You know, Barney, every detective isn't as clever asyob,'' "Then, what wor ye thinkin' pf?" he curiously enquired. " I was thinking that it was curioua that a handsome-fellow like him should have fancied going off with an old woman."' , " Begorra^ that'h true; hut the money might do itj" simply. answered my com panion. " If ithadheen me, now, Fd rather have run off wid- the young girl, and left the ould harridan at home." . "Hall think I have it!" T suddenly exclaimed,stopping shortonthe.streetand paling, as McSweeny afterwards observed, ..to.a deathly hue, in the excitement of the . moment. • •. ""Very likely; ye get all your best' ideas from me,. and then pass them off in your :books an your own, enviously returned McSweeny. . "But whak is it, - Jamie, avick ! Let's hear-"what" the secret is, an' then I'll help ye to lay it bare." "I'm not sure -that it; will ever belaid hare,";I answeredj aftet a pause to think. "But time will tell if the traces are really burnt out." . . - (To le continued.) 