"AUGUR'S" IDEA. 03?.JASPER'S DEATH, v ?? . To the Editer'. ' ' ': I Sm,-I believe tho geutleman recognised as tbe; sporting correspondent of tho AUBTBALASIAN, during thelatoA.J.O.; Spring meeting, generally writes under the «om de plume of "Augur,1' and ns such I will now reply to the remarks of his respecting tho horse Jasper. In the ,AUSTRALASIAN of Sep. tember 13 the following appears :.-" No loss than 17 horses . faced the started for tho Squatters' Handicap, and Jasper was served up so warm, that ho loft thp paddock a strong favourite, 1000 to 400 luiviug been taken about him, but the best laid schemes of the most astute and clever racing men are often thwarted by an accident, and this well kopi thing was upset through Jasper cannoning against Moon beam, and rebounding on the railB with terrific force, ho broke his thigh." What does "Augur" callan accident? Is ho not aware that Battye, thc rider of Black Swan, through ruffianly conduct in trying to upset tho rider of Moonbeam, caused tho loss to Mr. Knight of a valuable horse, and that Battye was found guilty of the charge laid against him, but let off with the ridiculously light sentence of being hindered from riding for 12 months P If Mr. Battye placed a log of wood on tho railway, with tho intention of upsetting a train, and lie was found guilty of such eonduct.' ho would mont likely bo sentenced to death, or bo' im prisoned for life-there would'be no accidont about that ; but because ho only ieopnrdisod tho lives of a few jockeys, or killed or maimed a couple of horses, it is a mere accident, so "Augur" states; but I am not too sure Mr. Battye bas seon the end of this matter yet. llospeotihg the " best. laid schemes of tho most astute and clever racing men being thwarted by accident." All that I have to say in ' answer to this is, it there be any more accidenta like tho ono in question, no man's rider or horse will ba safo going on a racecourse, especially if he bo " a strong fa. vourito-1000 to 400 having been taken about bim j" so thora will be plenty of men of the Battye stamp, everready, when opportunity offers, to act their part, especially when such villainous conduct is looked upon by a portion of tho presi as a mero accident. DOOB it followbocausotho public backs a horse for a larg« amount, that he is to bo accidentally killed ? So for us Mr. Knight was concerned, he stood to win £00 on his horse ii the Squatters' Handicap. This Bhouldbe a warning to *' as tute aud clover racing mon," that when they want tc "serve up n horse warm," as "Augur'.' states Jasper wa« served up, they should bo careful not to back their horst until he was well on his iouruoy, fearing an accident might ocour. Possibly "Augur"could have foretold thiB accident; ho should have been able, were he as shrewd an observer o! the cries of the birds of ill omon as his uamesnko amongst tho Homans used to bo. I remain, &c.;, JASPEE S GHOST. Sydney. September IC. 1879. A meeting waa held in the Congregational School room, Balmain, on Monday evening, for the purpose of taking steps towards tho formation of a branch of tho Independent Order of Rochabitos, temperance benefit society. Some good speeches, both on the temporanne question and explanatory of the principles and bene fits of Reohabitism, having been made, it was resolved, on tho motion of Mr. Fordham, Boconded by Mr. Wiso, that a branch for Balmain should bo formed, and a requisition to the distriot officers was at once drawn up and Bigned by most of thoBO present. It is ex pected that tho new brandi will bo oponed within a month. For some time past it has boon reported that Aplit, of Parkes, was again anxious to oompoto with Scone Watson in another 200 yards match j and it would appear that W. Edwards, tho champion walker, when in Newcastle, 6tated that ho was authorised by tho Parkes party to make a match. However, upon the ohampion intervening, Edwards stated ho had no money to put down, and reforrod Watson to Mr. Gee, of tho Gulgong Hotol, as thé party to enter into negotiations. Watson carno to Sydney to put up ¿2100 to bind a matoh for -2500 or ¿81000, but that gentleman stated that ho had no authority from the Parkes man to do so, and refused to outer into any arrangements, sp that Watson, who is quito willing to mako a match for tho above amount, has had a lot of trouble for nothing. The treatment which tho little boy William Crock ford received, it is said at the bands of his Sunday school toacher^John Allan, in the Baptist Sunday school, Surry Hills, some throe or four weeks ago, maybe imagined from thefaot that tho little sufferer is still confined to his bed. The accusod, Allan, was brought up at the Water Polloe Court on Thursday, aud, upon tho production of a certificate of tho boy's medical attendant, intimating Crockford's inability to appear, remanded for a weok, bail boing allowed. We are informed by tho Telegraph Department that the Batavia-Singapore cable is still interrupted. It is, however, expected that communication will.be resumed in a few days, aB tho cabio steamer, whioh was on her way to Singapore at the time tho inter ruption occurred, reached Singaporeon Thursday, and will at once proceed to repair tho cable. : Mails will leave Batavia on the 21st and 26th instant. Ko mails are expected at Batavia on the 27th instant. CHURCH OP ENGLAND PROVINCIAL SYNOD.-. Tho bill for tho creation of corporate bodies wherein ' to veBt church property was paHsed through its final stages in the Church of England Provisional Assem bly, on Wednesday, and sent forward to the Houso of Bishops. The Rev. W. S. Wilson then moved : " That this Synod expresses its satisfaction with tho utterance of tho President on tho subjeot of primary education in Churoh schools, and trusts that the members of tho Church will support him in giving1 praotioal effect theroto." Tho Hon. G. H. Cox pro posed, as an amendment :-" That, in the opinion of this Synod, the clergymen of the Churoh of England should more persistently avail themselves of the pri- . vileges now accorded by tho Public Schools Act, and that State-aid should be withdrawn from all denomi national schools." After tho Rev. W. S. Wilson, the Hon. W. J. Foster, the Rev. Canon Soares, and the Rev. Canon Smith had addressed themselves to the question, the debate was adjourned until next evening. DEAFNESS.-PBOTEBSOE STANICH, tho ommont Aorist, has made the various diseases of tho ear and their cure the special study of his lifo. He can assert, without fear of oontradiotion, that hundreds of cases deemed inourablo have yioldod to his treat ment. Thousands of testimonials from well-known citizens pronounce the Professor's mode of treatment the most wonderful in the world, and this can be veri lied at Prof essor Stanich'B consulting rooms, Sydney. Professor Stanioh is sorry to state that he is unable to visit the country districts at present, owing to tho fact that he has so many patients in town. Dna notico will be given prior to his visit to the. different country districts. The Professor may bo consulted athis residence, at Mr. Gustaros Gabriel's dentist, premisos, No. C, Carlton-torraco, Wynyard* square, Sydney.-ADVT. ^ 