LEGAL POSITION OF WOMEN .IN ENGLAND AND IRELAND. The opening meeting or the forty-ninth session of - the Law Students' Debating Society was held on Tuesday night, when a clever address was delivered by Mr. Seymour Bushe—a grandson of the celebrated chief - justice — on 'The Legal Position of Women in England and Ireland.' Lord O'Hagan presided, and in the course of a brief speech made some remarks on the treatment of women in England, 'which evoked and deserved marked applause. 'In Irelaud,' he- is reported to have said, ' women were treated upon the whole with reasonable consideration, and the same might be said of Scotland, and of almost every Continental coun try'; but in England they had every day in the public newspapers evidence- of a savage and brutal violence, of unmanly disregard of all the considerations that ought to affect the heart of a man, most disgraceful to that country.' Nor did he hesitate to denounce the English system of divorce, which, he declared had flooded England with incitements to immorality. He might have added that England has never had any reputation but an evil one in the matter of the treatment oi: women. AN ANCIENT AND CUKIOUS CHAKITi'. In the Court of Chancery lately, a suit was heard relating to the Holy Ghost Hos pital, Waterford; the suit was, The At torney-General v. Slaney, and was instituted by the Attorney-General at the relation of Mr. Patrick Francis Power against Mr. Matthew Slaney, for the purpose of set tling a scheme for carrying out an ancient charity founded by Jung Henry 'VIII. in 1545, under the name of the Corporation of the Master, Brethren, and Poor of the Hospital of tke Holy Ghost, Waterford, in lieu of the monastery of Grey Friars, sup pressed. His Majesty endowed it with lands, on the condition that prayers should be said for the good rule of the king, for his soul and the souls of his progenitors, and for the souls of Patrick Walshe and others. The Walsho family emigrated to the Canary Islands in 1687. The appointment to. the charity has since been made by the Corpora tion. In 1855, on the resignation of the father of Thomas Francis Meagher, Mr. Matthew Slaney, the respondent, was ap pointed master. By the charity intern relief is given to forty persons, giving each 16s a mouth, and half a ton of coal per year, and twenty-eight ex tern members receive 12s per month. The yearly rental of the property is now £163?, aud the accumulations amount to £0122. The respondent admits having this sum, and was ready to dispose of it as the Court should direct. The Corporation con tended that they had the right to appoint the master. It was decided to have a j&eceiver; appointed . . A PATEIOT AUTIIOK IN INDIGENT CIRCUM STANCES. There is no name in the Irish Nationalist list that shines ' out brighter than that of Charles Joseph Kickham, aud it is with much regret that his friends have learned of liis present indigent circumstances. His present situation was brought on by his own genero sity, he having gone bail for a friend's debt. The friend being unable to refund the money Mr. Kifkham's property is about to be sold. The Dublin Freeman's' Journal lias opened a subscription in his aid, and Archbishop Croke, enclosing £10 towards the object,' says : — 'Having recently had the pleasure of a long, and, in some respects, memorable inter view with Mr. Charles Kickham in reference to a matter of vital moment to him, at any rate, and in a minor degree to myself also, I can safely fay that, apart altogether from and independent of his attractions as an Irish poet, scholar, and patriot, I take him to be of all men that I have ever met, about the gentlest, most amiable, the most truthful, and the most sorely and searchingly tried. Tipperary, which claims him as her own, should, single- handed, free him from his prostJiib uimcuuies. jjod us nope, ac an events, that it will have no insignificant share in tlie realization of the good work which you have so seasonably begun. I am, my dear Mr. Gray, your very faithful ser vant.' Mr. Kickham does not seem to approve of the project that has been established in his behalf, he having written a letter in which he says: — 'I never got the slightest hint that an appeal of this kind would be made for me. ? Perhaps this was owing to the fact that the few friends who knew anything of my private affairs knew also that I would shrink with something like dismay from the bare thought of parading them before the world. I never received, asked, or expected a single sixpence of public money — or private money either — in the shape of a gift. Nor can I remember ever owing a guinea to any one in the whole course of my life. I feel confused, and at a loss as to what course I should pursue now. To rudely reject the assistance of my country men would be very painful to me. I am deeply grieved that I was not made aware of this matter in time. Will you kindly allow me \o make this suggestion through your columns, as it is a literal fact that' I don't know who my friends are Avho have suggested the idea of a 'Kickham Fund.' I fear to say anything that might look like bad taste or a want of gratitude, but I hope allowance will be made tor the hurry and agitation in which I have scribbled these few. lines.' He suggests that the proposed fund be used in collecting and publishing his works in one volume. — Exchange.- TUUNING THE TABLES. The Neio York Herald has an article in a recent issue gravely advocating the annex ation of England to the United States. England, it argues, is effete — quite used up and no longer capable of managing hev own affairs. 'Like an old man retiring from business to live ou his fortune, England is no longer able to run successfully in the race with the younger and more energetic nations.' The ideas of government held by the English are described as delusive as the old woman's device, who ' thanked heaven that she had borrowed money enough to pay her debts.' America is, therefore, recommended to charitably take this 'played-out' old country in hand, and provide! for its govern ment. The suggestion is quite charming in its simplicity, but we think we can improve upon it. Lei America set up Ireland as an independent country, giving Great Britain to her as a province. England has ruled Ireland long enough ; and, as turn about is fair play, we might now, in addition to ruling ourselves, be given an opportunity of ruling England as well.' We commend the suggestion to the consideration of our transatlantic comtempo rary. — IrWli m an . MISCELLANEOUS. Some proceedings in the Recorder's Court, Dublin, help to explain the. enormous losses in the Collector-General's office before tbe appointment of Mr. Byrne. The Collector General has sued a number of persons for arrears of taxes, and obtained decrees against them for £ 1500. The death is this week recorded (says the Nation) 7th Dee) of ex-Chief Justice Monahan ' — a, gentleman who had a somewhat notable career. He it was who, as Attorney-General, was elected member of Parliament for Gal way despite the opposition of Thomas Francis Meagher, and who shortly afterwards con ducted all the State prosecutions of '48. He was a typical specimen of the Irish political lawyer, and he rose to office in the worst days of political corruption in this country. His conduct as a; judge, was not, on the whole, such as might have been expected from such a training. He displayed little or no parti zanship on the bench, and he honourably distinguished himself in the Galway Elec tion case, in which he differed from Judges Morris, Kebgh, and : Lawsou. The most remarkable trial at which he presided was the Yelverton. The full size design of the Balfe Memorial Window, to bo placed in St. Patrick's Cathe dral, Dublin, is on exhibition in that city. The picture is most artistically executed, and represents Erin in the form of a young lady weeping over a bust of Balfe, and lean ing on an Irish harp. The likeness of tho great musician is excellent, while the design, in all the details of its classic conception, has been well depicted. The design of the harp is taken from one a thousand years old, and which is still preserved in the Library of Trinity College. The execution of the window has been placed in the hands of Mr. Vallantine, of Edinburgh, who also had the manufacture, iu 18b'4-, of the window to the memory of Sir John Stevenson. ?? The lion, member forLouth, A. M. Sul livan, Esq., appears in a new role. An ; English patent was recently issued to him V for the invention of an improvement in railway brakes. Mr. John William Carleton, Q.C., J.P., died at his residence, 70 Lower Lecson street, ? Dublin, on 11th November, having been attacked with a fit of apoplexy on the previous night, from which he never rallied. The deceased was called to the bar in the year 1839, aud was editor of the ' Irish Law Reports.' The case of Kingston «. Eyre, one of the protracted suits arising put of the failure of the Tipperary Bank, was before the Lord Chancellor on 8 th November. The case has been thirty years in the Court, aud what was considered to be a final decree was made in it ten years ago. A further postponement was oDtaiuett Dy tne piaintitt s counsel, who are seeking to vary Master Litton's decree. The question is whether the estates are to b6 charged with £12,000 or £40,000, and the Lord Chancellor observed that practically it made little : difference 'for what amount the decree was made, as the costs will absorb the greater part of the fund. ? The Irish Association for the Prevention of Intemperance gives promise of a vigorous existence. At its first meeting, which was held on the 12th November, it was announced thab of the guarantee fund of £10,000 pro posed at its inauguration; £1500 had already been subscribed by unsolicited donations. It was resolved to -'procure statistics of the arrests fop drunkenness in Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Limerick and Watorford, during the mouths of petober arid November, in 1877 and in the present yeaiy with a view to set at rest the question as to the effect of the reduction of the hours for opening public houses on Sunday. Finally it was determined to obtain an expression of the opinion of the country on Mr. A. M. Sullivan's bill for early closing on Saturday night;. Eviction Law.— -At Crossmaglen a man named Conlon was evicted from five acres of land by the agent who is a J. P.. because he had given a mortgage on it for £50, which was called sub-letting. Conlon sued for compensation, and obtained a decree for £U6 against the landlord, who after the decree was granted, sold the good will of the land for £100, thereby cheating Conlon out of the land, and making £34 ; this is the landlord's law of Ireland. The clergy aud people of the parish have raised a subscription for the tenant for the injustice done him. A Centenarian died ; November 9th, at his residence Car'rigasamena Castle, Mallow ; Henry Baldwin Foott, - J.P., aged 100 years and 5-L days. He was the oldest magistrate in Ireland. ; ' ? ?????' 