, THE HERALD PRIZE POEM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. By Hkxby Kendall. Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wet Far haughty hills beyond the fountains cold And dells of glimmering greenness manifold While August sings the advent of the Spring, And in the calm is heard September wing, The lordly voice of song I ask of thee, High deathless radiance-crowned Calliope ! What though we never hear the west god's lava " Which made all music the Hellenic days What though the face of thy fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Grecian streams What though a Sky of new strange beauty shines Where no white Dryad sings within the pines: Here is a land whose large imperial grace Must tempt the, goddess, in thine holy place Here are the dells of peace auH plenitude, The hills of morning and the slopes of noone? Here are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark-green hollows of the noontide dew ? Here lies the harp, by fragrant woodwinds family That waits the coming of thy quickening hand & And shall Australia, framed and set in sea AugUst with glory, wait in vain for thee? Shall more than Tempe's beauty he unsung Because its shine is strange-its colours young? No by the full live light which puts to shame The far fair splendours of Thessalian flame, By yonder forest psalm which sinks and swells Like that of Fhpcis, grave with oracles By deep prophetic winds that come and go, Where whispering springs of pondering mountains fltftPi By flute-like leaves and manv-languaued caves, Where sounds the strong hosanna of the waves, This great new Majesty shall not remain ITnhonoured by the high immortal strain ! Soon, soon, the music of the southern lyre Shall start and blossom with a speech like fife! Soon, soon, shall flower and flow in H'ime divine Thy songs, Apollo, and Euterpe, thine! Strong, shining souls of Delphicus shall rise With all their Father's glory in their eyes ; And then shall beam on yonder slopes and spring The light that swims upon the light of t sings. And therefore, lingering in a kind of lawn, I, standing here, a singer of tra Dawn, With gaze upturned to where was summits Ho Against the morning, flowing up the sky, Whose eyes in dreams of many co!' Mrs see A glittering vision of the years to be Do ask of thee, Calliope, one hour Of life pre-eminent with perfect power. That I may leave a song whose 01 ely rays May shine hereafter from their son. less days. For now there breaks across the faint gray range The rose-red dawning of a radiant change A soft sweet voice is in the valleys deep. Where Darkness droops and sine s itself to sleep. The grave-side woods, that yet the silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Yon eastern cape that meets the -straitened wave A twofold tower above the uh">tlm_r cave- Whose strength in thunder, angel Is the gentle lea, And makes a white wrath or it league of sea Now wears the face of peace; and, in the bay, The weak spent voice of Vi enter die-, away. In every dell there is a whispering wing : On every lawn, a glimmer of the Spring; By every hill, are growths of tender green ; On every slope, a fair new life is seen. And, lo, beneath the morning's blossoming fires, The shining City of a hundred I spires ! In mists of gold, by countless havens furled, And glad with all the flags of all the World ! These are the shores where, in a dream of fear,. Cathay saw darkness dwell in a half the year ! (1) These are the coasts that old fallacious tales Chained down with ice and ringed with sleepless gales This is, the land that, in the hour of awe, From Indian peaks the fact Venetian saw ! (2) Here is the long gray line" of strange sea-wall That checked the prow of the audacious Gaul, What time he steered town is the southern snow, From zone to zone four hundred years ago ! (3) By yonder gulf, whose mar hing waters meet The wine-dark currents from the isles of heat, Strong sons of Europe, in a far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt the alien speak There, in a later dawn, by shipless waves, The tender grasses found forgotten graves. (4) Far in the west, beyond those hills sublime, Dirk Hartog anchored in the olden time: There, by a wild-faced bay, and in a cleft, His shining name the fair-haired Northman Ieffci (5) And, on those broad imperial waters far, Beneath the lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman down a great and glowing space, Whose softer lights were like his lady's face. In dreams of her he roved from zone to zone, And gave her lovely name to costs unknown; And saw in streaming sunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair. (6 By flaming tracts of tropic afternoon, Where in low heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on the tides of a resplendent year, By capes of jasper, came the buccaneer. (7) Then-then the wild men, flying from the beach, . First heard the clear, bold sounds of English swells And then first fell across a southern plain The broad, strong shadows of a Saxon train. -Near yonder wall of stately cliff that braves The arrogance of congregated waves, The daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And di earned in a majestic solitude, What time a gentle April shed its showers, Aflame with sunset, on the Bay of Flowers. CB) The noble seaman who withheld the hand, And spared the Rector of his native land The single savage yelling on the beach The daTk strange curses of barbaric speech ! Exalted sailor ! whose benignant phrase ' Shines full of beauty in these latter days; Who met the naked tribes of fiery skies ' With great divine compassion in his eyes; Who died, like Him of hoary Nazareth, That death august-the radiant martyr's death ; Who in the last hour showed the Christian face, "Whose crumbling beauty shamed the alien race, In peace he sleeps where deep eternal calms Lie round the lands of heavy-truited palms. Co in that doll, behind a singing bar. Where deep pure pools of glittering waters are, Beyond a mossy yellow gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid The blue-eyed Saxon from the hills of snow Who fell asleep a hundred years ago. In flowerful shades where gold and green are rife , Still rests the shell of his forgotten life. Far, far away, beneath some northern sky, The fathers of his humble household lia ; But, by his lonely grave, are sapphire streams, And gracious woodlands, where the firefly gleam And ever comes across a silver tea The hymn sublime of the eternal sea. On that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream. What time the mists of morning westward rolled, And heaven flowered on a bay of gold ! Here, in the hour that shines and sounds afar, Flamed first old England's banner like a star; Here, in a time august with prayer and praise Was born the Nation of these splendid days; And here this land's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial silence died away. Where are the woods that, ninety summers back, Stood boar with ageD by the water-track ? Where are the valleys of the flashing wing, The dim green margins, and the glimmering spring Î Where now the warrior of the forest race, His glaring warpaint and his fearless face P The banks of April and the groves of bird, " The glades of silence, and the pools unstirred, The gleaming savage, and the whistling spear Passed with the passing of a wild old year I A single torrent singing by the wave, A shadowy relic in a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, The whittled tree by folded wayside rills, The call of bird that hides in hollows far, Where feet of thunder, wings of winter, are- ~ Of all that Past, these wrecks of wind and safe, Those touching memories-these alone remain. , What sun's this that beams and broadens west? What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed ? What strange, sweet harp of highest god took Suns And gave this Troy its life, its light, its name P What awful lyre of many years power and range Upraised this Ilion- wrought this dazzling change of No shining singer of Hellenic dreams See yonder splendour by the morning streams I No god, who glimmers in a doubtful spheres Shed glory there-created beauty here ! This is the City that our fathers framed These at the crescents by the elders named! The human hands of strong heroic men Broke down the mountain, filled the gaping- gloomy Rain sonnets Through swam built banks tyeain-tt_-»__--t-l< And breathe exch, and raised the lordly done Here are the towers that the Founders made ! Here are the temples where those Romans prayed ! Here stand the courts in which their leaders met ! Here are their homes, and here their altars yet Here sleep the good old men whose lives sublime Of thought and action shine and sound through time Who worked in darkness onward fought their ways To bring about these large majestic days Who left their sons the hearts and high desires Which built this City of the hundred spires ! A stately Morning rises on the wing, The hills tales colour, and the valleys sing. A bright September flames beyond the loan A silver vision on a silver sea. A now Age " cast in a diviner mould " Domes crowned with lustre, zoned and shod withhold! What Dream is this on tawny spaces set? What Miracle of dome and main e r What great mute Majesty is this that takes The first of morning ere the songbird wakes ? JLo, this was built, to honour gathering lands, j By Celtic, Saxon, Australasian hands ! ( . These are the Halls where all the flags unfurled Break into speech that welcomes all the world. And let, our friends are here from every zone From isles we dream of, and from tracts unknown ! Here are the fathers from the stately space Where Ireland is, and England's sacred face ! Here are the Norsemen from their strong sea-wall, The grave grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaol From green sweet groves the dark-eyed Lusians sail, And proud Ibena leaves the grape-flushed vale. Here are the lords whose starry banner shines ' From fierce Magellan to the Arctic pines ! ; Here come the strangers from the gates of Day From hills of sunrise and from white Cathay-. ! The spicy islands send their swarthy som The lofty North, its mailed and mighty ones. , Venetian keels are floating on our sea ; ; Our eyes are glad with radiant Italy ! Yea, North and South, and glowing West and East, Are gathering here to grace our splendid feast. The chiefs from peaks august with Asian snow, The elders born where regal roses glow, I Come hither, with the flower of that fair land That blooms beyond the fiery tracts of sand Where Syrian suns their angry lustres fling Across blind channels of the bygone spring. ". And, on this great auspicious day, the flowers i Of Labour glorify majestic hours. a The singing angel from the starry- sphere ? Of dazzling Science shows his wonders here. v And Art, the dream-clad spirit, starts, an brings From Fairyland her strange sweet glittering things. Here are the works man did what time his face Was touched by God in some exalted place. Here glows the splendour here, the marvels wrought When Heaven flashed upon the ranker's thought '. Yea, here are all the miracles sublime The lights of Genius and the stars of Time I And, being lifted by this noble noon, Australia broadens like a tropic moon. Her white pure lustre beams across the zones The Nations greet her from their awful throne. From hence, the morning beauty of her name > Will shine afar, like an exceeding flame. Her place will be with mighty lords, whose stay Controls the thunder and the marching day. Her crown will shine beside the crowns of kin ga Who shape the seasons, rule the course of thin Vis. The fame of her across the years to be Will spread like light on a surpassing sea ; And graced with glory, gilt with power august, Her life will last till all things turn to dust ! To Thee, the face of Song is lifted now O, Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow ; "Whose hands unseen the tenfold storms control ; Whose thunders shake the spheres from pole to pole?' Who, from the highest heaven looked down, The sea Thy footstool, and the sun Thy crown ; Around whose throne the deathless planets sing Hosanna to their high eternal King To thee, the soul of Prayer this morning turns, With faith that glitters and with hope that burns ! J And, in the moments of majestic calm X ' That fill the heart in pauses of the psalm, j ." She asks Thy blessing for this fair young land j -That flowers within the hollow of Thine hand ! She seeks of Thou that boon that gift sublime, The Christian radiance, for this hope of Time ! j And Thou wilt listen and Thy face will bend To smile upon us-Master, Father, Friend ! The Christ, to whom pure pleading heart hath crept, J Was human once, and in the darkness wept The gracious Love that helped us long ago j 'Wilson is like a summer sunrise flow; J And be a light to guide the Nation's feet B On holy paths-on sacred wa j's, and sweet. J (1) According to that eminent authority, Mr R H Major and others, the Great Southern Land is referred to in old Chinese (records as a polar continent, subject to the long polar nights (2) Marco Polo mentions a large land called by the Vatavs Lochner True northern coast was supposed to be in latitude 10 fa Wide Bennett and others ) (8) Mr H H Major has discovered a map of Terra Australis dated a D 1542, and hearing the name of Le left, a French pilot Le Tests must have visited these coasts some years before the date of the chart (4) The sailors of the Duvfben a Dutch vessel which entered Carpentaria, in a d 1605, were attacked by the natives Inthefiav some of the whites were killed No doubt these unlucky adven murderers were the first Europeans landed in Australia (Aide Woods and others ) (5) Dirk Hartog left a tin plate, beat up his name, in Sharks Bay, "W Australia r was last seen in a d 1863 (6) Abel Woman's love for Maria Van Dieman is well known Tasmania and many of the islands and points on the N. W. coast, Di Australia were named after her (7) Dampier (8) Botany Bay Note With the view of encouraging from talent, as well as to that of fitly celebrating the opening of the Inter- national Exhibition the proprietors, of this journal some months ago offered a premium of one hundred guineas for the best original poem on this interesting and mi roortant epoch in our colonial history The competition was open to all the world the more, IcnTth, and arangement of the poems being left to the taste and discretion of the writers -The Responses to the offer were both prompt and numerous Poems were received not only from almost every part of these colonies, but also from the United Kingdom and America The total number was about two hundred and fifty Xhc prize has been awarded to Air Henry Ivendnlkof Camden Haven, 2, now South "Wales Diese eel ion of this poem from the huge number sent for competition have been determined by two considerations-the first being the general quality of these is thought and everes vision in the poem itself, and the second its appropriateness to the occasion which it was tendered to him I v. few of the produc- tions received, though of much ability, have a somewhat distant bearing; upon the event to be celebrated while others although, keeping; to the point lack the quality which the following poem will be seen to possess the examination of the poems lins, of course, been conducted in ignorance of the names of theatres, and the solo desire has been to secure the production that would 'reflect the greatest oral ton the colony and that would best contribute to the successful opening at the International UrhibiVum Mr Kendall, who, it need hardly be said, has been long known as one of the first Austral n poets, is to be congratulated on his, success in a competition which was open to all the world (This success has been made the more remarkable by the fact that some of the productions received, from the (mother-country especially, are marked by both poetic genius and scholarly taste no inconsiderable number of the poems sent (from the colony and the United Kingdom are evidently hint (attempts, and in not a few instances their authors have signified that they have hardly indulged a hope of victory The result of the competition, however, has been the bringing out of a great ideal of poetic ambition and of no small amount of poetic talent There are evidently many young writers in the colonies whorogm el the history and scenery of Australia as suitable themes for poetic (treatment, and it is hoped that one of the results of the competition which has now closed will be the improvement of our native talent and the enriching of this deportment of our colonial literature It would have given us please go to have referred to some that are worthy of special mention n Is tins were done, however, it would be difficult to draw the line " 