BRIEF MENTION. A treaty of commerce has been concluded between England and Servia. Professor Pepper, of " Ghost" fame, is coming out to Australia with a new mystical illusion. Scantebury, the manufacturer of an electric apparatus, brought an action for libel against the London Times, because that journal stated that the experiments for lighting gas lamps by electricity was a failure, and the jury gave a verdict for the defendants. The editor of tbe Ordre has been finsd 500f., and sentenced to eight days' imprison ment for falsely stating that the refugees who landed at Brest had cried out, " Vive la Commune." No less than fourteen murders are reported as having been committed in England daring the latter end of Maroh and beginning of April. Ia the acconnts of some of these crimes, the details are horrible. Awarder at St. Mary's convict prison at Maidstone has jnst come into a fortune of £100,000 under the will of his grandfather, i The Dake of Norfolk has subscribed £20,000 towards the erection of a new Roman Catholic Church on the site of the present Oratory at firompton, It is publicly stated that the Russian police are secretly leagued with Nihilists. The chief of the department at Odessa, Crioael Anatoff, has been dismissed the ser vice. It is stated in diplomatic circles, in St, Petersburg, that the reception cf Lord Bafferin at that court is something far more than merely complaisant ; it . is unaffectedly hearty. Net orsiy .the Oztr, hat his Chan cellor Gortsohakoff also, has been orienta- tions in friendliness towards the new Eoglish Ambassador. t From a statement issued by ike authorities of the Bank of England, it appears that in 1840 the amount deposited at the varion8 banks was £100,000,000 1 sterling, whereae it is at the present time estimated at £600,000,000 sterling. A Japanese mission has just arrived in Parte, and is remaining at the Grand hotel. It is composed of General Kawezt, chief of the Japanese police; M. Oaoda, director- general of prisons and a numerous staff iff officials aud servants. Rumours are again afloat as to the coming marriage of King Alfonso. The three candi dates mentioned as likely to be the future Queen of Spain are an Austrian archduchess, & daughter of the Count de Paris, and the daughter of the King of the Belgians. The French Cabinet have decided on keeping op the liver , front of .the Paris Exhibition main building, together with the gardens, while the rest of the site will again become a drill-ground. Gne of the most distinguished of English generals writes home from the Cape, that it is a great mistake to imagine that two Englishmen are equal to three Zulus. The Zulus he says are not well armed, bat the desperate courage they showed at Isandula has never been BUtpassed. A novelty in the form of athletios will shortly be given at Lillie Bridge. It will consist of a ladies' gymnastic festival There will be footraces, leaping, climbing poles aud ropes, performances on the parallel bars, gyrations on the horizontal bar, fencing, and exercises with the Indian clubs. .The two sons of Lord Loftns will accom pany him to Sydney, his eldest son, Mr Henry J. Loftus, being bis private secretary. It is said that his Lordship is related to Sir Hercules Robinson, although, strange to say, they have never met. After the athletic sports of the 90th Light Infantry (with Wood's column) at Camp Z&mbnia;, the regiment subscribed £126 for the widows and orphans of the men of tho 24th Regiment killed at Rorke'a Drift and iBandlana. Professor Andresen, the celebrated chess player, died at Breslau on the 14th March He was the winner of the first prize at the international chess tournament of 1851, beating Mr. Staunton ; and he also woa the first prize at the tournament in connec tion with the Parte International last year. One of the most extraordinary whirlwinds ever known has jnst passed over a place called Piwniezna, on the Galiclan- Hun garian frontier. The roofs of some of the house! were lifted bodily off, mid whirled half a mile away, and beams were carried like straws before the blast. The Berlin Post, referring to the attitude of the Duke of Cumberland, states that the Duke's friends must accustom themselves to regard his ciaimB both to Hanover and Brunswick as possessing no prospect of ful; filment. An exciting scene occurred in a music- hall at Birmingham lately. One of the at tractions was the appearance of a "shooting star, " a boy about ten years of age, whos? performance is similar to Zszel's in London, consisting in his being shot into a net fol lowed by a sheet of fire. The apparatns failed to work properly, and the lad had a piece of flesh blown or torn clean out of his thigh. The largest merchant vessel in the world, with the exception of the Great Easterr, was launched from the yard of Messrs Eider at Glasgow, on 10 th March. She has been built for the Guion line of Atlantic steamers. Her length is 445 feet, breadth 46 feet, depth 37$ feet, tonnage 5,500, and . horse-power 6,000. She was named by Laiy Alexander the Arizona in the pre sence of thousands of spectators. Dr. Phillips has reoovered from the South Western Railway Company L7,000 damages as compensation for an accident which hap pened to him when travelling on that com pany's line. The plaintiff had two ribs broken, and his spine was injured. Dr, Phillips has since moved for a new trial on the ground that the damages given were altogether inadequate. He stated that his income for some years amounted to over L7,000, independently of fees, one of whioh amounted to L5.0G0 guineas. The Court granted a rule nisi. The pilot cutter Edinburgh, having on board twelve pilots belonging to Dover and a crew of eight men, was ran down off Dangenness early on the morning of the 14 :h March by the Severn, a screw steamer trading between London and Qaebeo, and ten of the pilots ana five of the orew were drowned. At the time of the collision It was nearly daylight, and the cause cf the catastrophe is not explained. An action for libel was commenced in the Queen's Bench against the Rev. P, Ahier, rector of Glatsdaie, Yorkshire, for sayisg, in his parish reading-room, that he did not thank those friends who had sent the Police Mews and the Bocfc, He wonld not say which had the higher moral toue, but he did not think either of them was fit for the tables of a respectable society. The proprietors of the Bock sue for L100 damages, The oase oooupied two days, and the jury gave a verdict for the pUdntiffs, with L25 damages. A murder Was committed at Bolton on the night of the 5th April. A married woman named Mather, employed as barmaid at the Albert Inn, Derby street, had ever sinoe her marriage, seventeen years asm been annoyed by the attentions of a former lover named Cowper. On Monday night, hearing that she wae going to a ball in celebration of St. Patrick's Day, Cowper met her on the way, aud as she insisted upon going iu spite of his opposition, he stabbed her twice in the forehead, and afterwards cnt her throat. She died at the infirmary at noon on the folimrfng day Cowper was taken before the magistrate, and committed for trial on tbe emge of murder. William Hebron, who was the murder at man whom Peace coufo«ad tha - - has beeu released foomPorndFm left for I " j - : i ' rxr:'. -.r.: / " N - v hie l&fce; 'employ er,Mr, De&lrin.; Mr. Deabio, at toetoqueto of the Home Secretary, tobk1 chatgebf the released prisoner In order to prevent his faffing into the hands of aglta- tors. Several offers were made for him to appear in' public. The j adge who tried him, - and' the law officers of the Crown, are said to be quite satSfied of Habron's innooenoe. A subscription has been Opened for the three brothers, who, it is said, were put to great expense by the trial. Several members of the English aris tocracy won prizes in the great French lot tery. One lady, well known at Court, who held five tickets/ won three prizes, and at least a dozen houses in Belgravia have been enriohed by works In bronze, Baccarat glass, faience ware, etc. One lady at Sonth Ken sington, who held four Hokets, had the re-: markable good lortnne to win a prize with each. After a short time longer, the un claimed prizes will be sold. 