CRICKET CHATTER. BY FELIX. Year after year on the day on which the " blue riband" of the Victorian turf is to be carried off the majority of cricketers lay aaide the bat and ball for the occasion, and hasten away to sport their figures on the lawn or on the hill at Flemington. Saturday last proved no exception to the rule. Intermingled with the gay and fashionable throng that formed a reflex of Australian wealth and beauty, and whose presence added an indescribable charm to the surroundings, representatives of Mel bourne^ East Melbourne, South Melbourne, Bohemia, &c.;, could have been Been, now promenading the soft and springy turf, now listening with eager attention to the familiar and hardly musical " I lay, I lay" of the book makers, and anon scanning the appearance of the contending animals with all the con fidence of a skilful connoisseur. Yes, it must be confessed that most of, our knights of the willow had feiven up the noble gama for the nonce, and had occupied their minds in trying to " tip" the winner of the great event, and it may be that Bome of them were much more troubled by the performance, of the gallant Suwarrow than they ever were by coming out with the dreaded duck in a big match. Despite the attractions of the Derby, how ever, two or three matches were played, and I have pleasure in stating that several of our most prominent players took part in them. A team from South Melbourne, including Cooper, Palmer, Slight, and Woolf, visited Yarra Bend, and had a very pleasant day of it on that prettily situated ground. The Benders, weakened by the absence of some of their best men, went in first and put together 104 against the bowling of Cooper and Palmer, the former getting seven for 48, and the latter two for 26. M'Lean, the " slogger"' of the Bend, rattled up 26 in very quick time, and was particularly rough on Cooper's slows. O'Meara and Duncan adopted steady tactics, and were in a long time for their respective contributions of 21 and 17. The latter may be called the " storfewaller" of the Asylum Club, in contrast to M'Lean the "Hittite." Palmer was not in his usual good form with the leather, and was played with comparative ease by most of the local men, who seemed. to like his bowling better than the puzzling deliveries of Cooper. Slight's batting was the feature of the day. Going in first, he was not out, 84, when the stumps were drawn, not having given the semblance of a chance during his Btay. He made one magnificent on drive, as good a hit as anyone nqed wish to see, and throughout played in the cool and graceful style which marks his batting. Woolf made 22 in his best form, and met with hard luck in being bowled off his legs when thoroughly well set Treadaway's 20, not out, was a careful and deserving con tribution. The Bend bowling was not up to much, but it can't be expected that it could be very good, for the club is formed of the Asylum employia only. The 15 juniors of North Fitzroy who were pitted against 11 Jolimonters made a very poor display with the bat, the trundling of Boyle and Searcy proving altogether too good j for them. I daresay they would have done better, only that they found the turf so very fast after the hard bare ground on which they are accustomed to play, that some of , them were bowled almost before they had prepared to play at the ball Two or three of them showed a neat style, and played with a straight bat) but I can't say that any one of them promises to make a first-class bats .man or bowler. It reminded one of old times to see (i&ggin; and Goldsmith step to the wickets first tor Jolimont, and shape as in their former days. They hit the bowling all over the field, and looked like making one of their old stands, but a shooter proved fatal j to Goldsmith, and he had to retire for a vigorously -made 15. Horan and Gaggin kept possession of the wickets for the rest of the afternoon, and when . the, Btumps were I drawn the total stood at 154 for one wicket Gaggin played a first-rate innings for his 75 not out, and made it evident that he has not yet lost any of his power as a batsman. His hitting was clean, hard, and well-timed, and he gave not the ghost of a chance. Horan, , on the contrary, aid not play with his wonted | vigour, and let slip several good chances of driving half volleyB to the boundary. He, howpver, kept the ball well on the carpet, and made one fine leg-hit for 5 out of! bounds. Topping and Dent deserve a word of credit for their efforts with the leather, ana may yet make a name for themselves as bowlers. I would recommend them, and all young bowlers, to study. Southerton's hints on bowling in LillywkiUfs Companion. Scown and Walters performed splendidly for Carlton against WiUiamatown, making between .theml£3 -put of -a'.total, of 223. Theseare two. of the mostVpromifung men rof ;Cautog, 'the, former, especially .being a triable bat. He has a neat style, and plays a defensive game^nauftUy, A*boagh he is pretty Bevere on anything like loose bowling. ? waiters,^, good a strapping fellow ov#. .six, faat high, and znakeait -a -ciwfcofc.to ovar- towed^Bowling. with,ih*bat*u8t,now, in,a mafc&oetKieen; Albert And ^Warwick clnbs tk«i<mner«ot 1 orfour wtaketa* Hardodk aprtebig'ine1 *4 Xfljuirajwivjftjl, .IP4S ; opposiaghowungi. was of. the . tioe,.that oMkAMttnanbeinfe ,£0 ,Mpajj& Whe j daytney went toWandili jp*d*,hjs inuul upabout choosing the inter-. OPlDnial team. He has picked the - following U playfrajonilof whomwill devolve thfe. TictoHan, ^iWhicU. will. ®*>mence on the Sltt.; Ud J majority Af*oxr best^ffpresent*, .U ,f tea .itt \u colonial practice eleven, and now he ia dis carded altogether, while Healy, who wan not evefi mentioned then, gets a plaoe without an/food reason, so far as I know. To-da/ ana Monday the eleven will play on the Melbourne ground against the following sixteen Baker, B. B. Cooper, W. H. Cooper, Elliott, Gaggin, Groube, Healey, Kendall, E. Figgis (B&Uafat;), Morey (Ballarat), Mftnzies, Turnbull, Terry, Tobin, 0. C, Williams (Sandhurst), and Woolf. The best cricket we have had so far this season was shown on Wednesday on the Melbourne ground in the match between a strong eleven of the' Bohemians and the M.C.C. Standing out prominently as one of the best innings played 011 the Melbourne gronnd was Wallington's 86 for Bohemia. It was a-Splendid performance, free from any sort of blemish, and showing the performer to be a thorough adept in batting. Fine, free, wristy, forward.play, neat cutting and clean well-timed leg hitting were exhibited, and the only regret was tnat the brilliant display closed before the century was attained. Wallington is an Oxford University man. Moule's 31 were very well got, and G. P. Robertson in composing hiB 22 made it mani fest that his skill has not deteriorated much by want of practice. Wallace rattled his 26 up in very quick time, and was doubtless surprised at Foot catching him so magnifi cently in the long field. The Melbourne bowlers had a lot of work to do, and it must be mentioned that Kendall bowled very well right through. Terry was nowhere, but MuBt and Tobin, who is a tolerably fast right handed trundler, performed creditably. Blackham was in his usual excellent trim behind the sticks, and the Melbourne fielding was pretty good at every point. Blackham ana Tobin were to the fore with the bat for Melbourne, their combined scores amounting to 113. Tne former's 68, not out, was the result of good sound batting, showing plenty of vigour, especially to the off, where he gave the Bohemian fielders plenty to do. Tobin played a free innings for 45. He has a capital style, and has first-rate punishing powers. B. B. Cooper's 27 was a meritorious performance, although he gave an easy chance before reaching-double figures. The Bohemian fielding was rather loose with three or four exceptions,, and their bowling was decidedly weak, A. Loughnan, with slows, being the only one who performed respect ably. I am informed that Morey, 0. C Williams, Baker, Gaggin, Woolf, and Elliott will not be able to play in the match Victoria n Eleven v. Next Sixteen to- day. This is a pity, as the absence ot so many good men will take away from the interest felt in the contest. There is no other fixture of any importance to-day, Flemington being still the great draw. 