THE REV. DR. KELYNACK'S LECTURE ON THE PASTORAL. On Wednesday evening, a lecture on ' The Pastoral — weighed and found wanting,' was delivered by the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, in the Wesleyan Church, Bourke -street. There was a veiy large audience. The Rev. Dr. Kelynack said that in speaking on the Buhiect of the Pastoral recently issued by the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Ohurch ne could not forbear expressing his sense of satisfaction that they had the expression of the essential policy of - Romanism given with an utterance so emphatic, and with an authority so weighty, as to convince the most sceptical, and to arouse the most thoughtless as to the prin ciple of the policy that unmistakably characterized Roman ism. In certain quarters there had been an attempt to decry the efforts of some of them as outsiders, and they had sometimes been put into the pilloiy of public reprobation as vile disturbers of the peace, pelted at with cruel epithets, on the one hand receiving censure from trimming Protestants, and on the other hand poisoned arrows and revengeful woras from the heated partisans of Rome. But now the lo'gic of facts was doing for them what sound reason, argument, and eloquent appeal had hitherto failed to accomplish ; for the accumulated evidence that the Church had begun to pile up herself might be safely left to expound the piinciple of Romanism. What liberty of speech meant m the mouth of the emissaries of Rome, they had seen in the treatment measured out to the brave old man who have come amongst them to expose her errors. (Cheers.) They would not meet him with the logic of argument, but the logic of bluestone and quartz, and the only champion the Church found was the actress Miss Joey Gougenheim. (Cheers.) On the heels of this display they had witnessed another circumstance that strikingly exhibited what liberty of action meant in die Vatican of Rome. (Applause.) Tho Bathurst case showed them a dying father who, when he pleaded so pathetically with the Bishop, could urge nothing against his general character that might fairly constitute a bar to deprive him of whatever virtue lay in sacramental rites, dared to be guilty of the unpardonable sin of choosing the school which his child should attend, and because he did 60 he was debarred the rites of sacred burial, and with | the Church's ban resting on his ashes, was laid in an un consecratcd grave. And while men wondered and flamed with indignation at this outrage upon human feeling — at this disgrace and dishonour that was wrought on the holy name of religion — the spirit of the Church was ex hibited again La the manifesto — the plainness of which no one could mistake — and the boldness of which j it would require the most astute to defend. In that mani- ] festo they had a full, and frank, and fearless statement of j the Church's views upon the great education question ; and j he quite agreed with those who thanked Archbishop Vaughan for thus putting them in possession of what was the deliberate view of their Churcn upon the Public school system, and for also putting them in possession of the policy of that Church in the future in regard thereto. Now, briefly summed up, the position of that Pastoral might be thus stated. It denounced their Public school system because it rested on what was called the vicious and base foundation of secularism. It denounced it again because the character of the teaching given therein was designated as godless, and as leading to indifferentism and infidelity. It denounced it again because of the results which flowed from it, and in words that made them stir by their boldness they were told that these Public schools were seed plots of future immorality and infidelity and law lessness that would debase and lower the standard of human excellence in their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and individual life . ' of their future citizens. And on that basis — accepting those pre mises — they proposed to do what? They proposed to do that which was an invasion of the rights of the parents, an infringement of the liberty of the franchise, and that which really amounted to the control of their Parlia mentary institutions ; and they dared to do that upon this question, which was the most fundamental and vital of all the questions that constituted the honour, the unity, and the future well-being of the commonwealth. The time had come for bold speech and decisive action in answer. The days of willing blindness and of indolent non-intervention were past. For all liberty-loving citizens — for all truepatriots, there was, as it seemed to him, but one course and duty— and that was to stand up in the presence of this alien power with a courage and strength that would treat her threats with unwavering defiance, and by a discernment which her 6opliistiy could not beguile, and reasoning which would answer her arguments as fire dealt with straw, and a sturdiness of political resistance that would guard their political rights with a defence of triple steel, show by signs that could not be mistaken — that bishops and priests must respect the laws and the institutions of a country — that were the expressions of a free people's will. (Applause.) Anything less than that would be unworthy of their an cestry and oi their traditions. He now proposed to deal with some of the salient points of the Pastoral in the natural order in which they stood. The first charge of Archbishop Vaughan against their Public school system was that it was secular — that it was Godless ; and secondly, that it could not be an adequate education for the conscience, the heart, and the will of the young. He answered that bold affirma tion with an equally bold and flat denial. (Cheers.) But I since affirmation in the one case could not be met by affirma tion in the other, he would revert at once to the short, the simple, the conclusive method of proof furnished by the examination of class books in use in their schools. When the Bishops made that statement they must have presumed largely upon the public credulity, if they imagined that it would pass unchallenged ; for when he turned to the books themselves he found that the whole realm of duty was covered by the lessons that these books contained. 'They taught the sacredness of truth and the shame of falsehood ; they taught the blessedness of righteousness and the bitterness of wrong-doing; they taught the sweetness of affection and gentleness and mutual help, and the evils that followed from the neglect of these qualities; they taught the duty of obedience and the penalties that followed from disobedience; in one word they placed before the mind of the young all the qualities that would give grace to youth and honour to riper years, | and which if they but accepted as the laws and models of life could not fail of 'the best possible results. And then if they passed from the teaching of these moral truths to the great facts and doctrines of religion, here again the evidence of the books most conclusively proved that the system was far from being the Godless thing which it was so strongly represented to be. If the Bible was not in use in the schools as a text-book, the selections from the Bible covered the widest range, and dealt with the most essential truth. (Hear, hear.) They gave the story of the creation, the record of the fall, the tragedy of the deluge, the faith of Abraham, the history of God's ancient people ; they gave the eublimest strains of the psalmist, the strong clear statement of the evangelists, and the doctrines of the Apostles. They gave the life of Jesus and His death, His atoning work, ana j Kis mediatorial reign ; they gave them that short epitome of Church history found in the Acts of the Apostles — in a word, all that was sad in human sin, all that was precious in Divine grace, all that was glorious in the Divine cove nant—all was there — there without note and comment — there in the words of that grand old Book, thatliveth and abideth for ever. (ApplauBe.) Now he was anxious not to trespass too largely upon the patience and time of this audience, and so he would not read so fully as he might otherwise do the evidence of this. Let them listen for a moment to these words that constituted part of the introduction to the sacred lessons : — ' The plan pursued in this compilation has been to tako the historical narrative of Scripture as the foundation, aud to attach to it other portions of Scripture relating to the nar rative, either from the Old or New Testament. Thus, after the narrative of the Creation, extracts from the book of Psalms, referring to the Creation, have been introduced ; and after the narrative of the Deluge, there have been in serted those comments on that event which are to be found in the New Testament. This method seems to be calculated at once to teach the use of the sacred history, and to fix much of moral and religious instruction on the heart, by associating with it a recital of most interesting facts. The translation has been made by a comparison of the Authorised and Douay versions* with the original. The language, sometimes of the one and sometimes of the other, has been adopted, and occasionally deviations have been made from bom. On this point the translator feels that he would require more indulgence than is likely to be granted to him ; but he was compelled by the exigency of the case to understake the task; he has done his best to execute it with fidelity, and he has been constantly under the eye of persons perfectly competent to correct any errors into which he might inadvertently fall. _ This he avers, that he has not been influenced in hi6 rendering of any passage by reference to any peculiar religious views. A few notes, chiefly expla natory and practical, have been added. ' The present volume is one of a series, which it is pro posed shall be compiled on similar principles. It brings down the history to the settlement for a time of the Israel ites in Egypt and the death of Joseph. The next number, it is intended, 6hall be drawn from the New Testament. ' The Commissioners offer these extracts from Scripture to the careful attention of teachers and children, not only as truth, but as truth recorded under the influence of inspira tion ; and truth with which it is of the utmost importance for them to be well acquainted. And to the religious in structors of the children they cheerfully leave, in com municating that instruction, the use of tne sacred volume itself, as containingthose doctrine and precepts, a knowledge of which must lie at the foundation of all true religion. ' The lawof the Lord is unspotted, converting souls; the testimony of the Lord is faithful, giving wisdom to little ones.' ' Now from these extracts, what became of the charge of the gross impeachment made by the Bishops. It broke down by its own weakness. (Cheers.) It was found to be a mendacious libel, for which they might fairly demand retractation and apology. And to the hierarchs who had uttered it, and who had stamped it with the stamp of Pius the 9th to get it into general circu lation — to those hierarchs we handed it back, and we say gentlemen, you stand convicted as the utterers of base coin —(cheers) — coin which he bad tried with the test of simple truth and had found to be worthless— only Vatican brass in the place of genuine gold. (Applause.) But if the charge was disproved by these quotations from the books, it was still more conclusively disproved when they called attention to the fact of that provision which was made under the Act for dogmatic religious instruction by the authorise.! representatives of the various religious denominations Now we might fairly plead that the absence of any dog matic teaching from the curriculum of our Public schools in a mixed community such as ours was a necessity- of tha case, and we might also plead that if the bible was not in our schools, it was because of the uncompromia ins- opposition that the Church of Rome had to it Did not the State virtually say to the peopl# of this colony, we cannot teach dogma, but we commit our selves to the education of the children who are to be the future citizens of this land with the help of such broai moral and reb'gious truths as may be said to belong to any religion that is Christian, leaving to the parents of the children to teach their offspring any religion they may think fit, and in their own way. Could anything be less open to cavil than that. It took care that the conscience of no child should be violated, not even the con science of a pauper child, and yet these mitred traducers made the air ring with the cry that the system of education was secular, godless, and reprobate. It appeared indeed as if it were the duty of those lordly spirits to come down from their high places and with the aid of all the priests to save the country from so dreadful a catastrophe as was predicted, but that did not suit the Boman Catholic Church ; the thing was that it brought her down to a position of equality with all others. (j£p. plause.) But what they desired was Government assist ance, and if they obtained that they would be satisfied. It was utterly unseemly and outrageous that such a calumny should be peipetratcd, for he took it that the development of our Public school system was a result of which we had no reason to feel ashamed, and it had been accomplished by those who had the task of making our laws, and it had been accompanied by a magnificence of endowment that was creditable in the highest degree. It had scattered through out the far interior the advantages of education with wonderful solicitude for the young. It had brought iato existence a system of teaching and inspection, the best that the State could command, and it invited the different repre- . sentativesof religion to join hand in hand to give educa tion its crowning blessing ; and, though foul epithets had been flung at it, they would be nothing more than the mist of a passing squall, and when the storm was over the Public school system of the colony would be seen like some noble pile firndy rooted on its foundations, because it had been built up in the esteem of a community who had lived to learn and appreciate its value. (Applause.) Then again we were told in another allegation that the system was not only vicious in principle, but also in the results which it developed. It was really a most severe strain on one's self control to read those precious words of the Archbishop's. (Laughter.) We near that our public schools, which we prized so highly, were the seed plots of immorality ana infidelity. It was weak in some parts, was that pastoral of the Roman Catholic Archbishop, but it was strong in others — strong in the statements it contained. Tho evidence by which these statements were to be proved did not appear to have occupied the Episcopal mind at all, and the holy fathers appeared to have been equally careless with regard to arguments also. The fact was that if one looked at the charitable side of it he must come to the conclusion that they had been accus tomed so long to be blindly obeyed, ana to have all that they stated received with such meek and unquestioning submission that they could not understand the boldness of the Protestant position so alien to the Catholic muid. (Applause.) The statement was made that the children who were brought up in our Public schools were in strange contrast with the children who were educated in the schools of the Church — that they were immoral, that they were wanting in gentleness ana respect for religion, that they had no respect for prayer or for the sacraments — in other words, those wild and un tutored children were looked upon with the greatest mis giving by the clergy. He made bold to answer such state ments as these from the Romish hierarchs, and he ventured to say that he would not outstep the bounds of truth whan he said that, in the judgment of all the other sections of the com munity, except the Roman Catholics, such statements wore gross slanders that carried their own refutations with them. (Applause.) Was it reasonable to suppose that the thou sands of Roman Catholic parents who sent their children to the Public schools would be parties to such degradation as had been alleged of their children in faith and morals, or that we would stand quietly by and mark the effects of a blight that was falling on our educational system without sounding an alarm. Could we by any process of logic come to the conclusion that the system was as dark as it was painted. Surely there was no heresy in the multiplication table, and no ghost of an alien creed in the English Gram mar — (laughter) — and no peril to the Romish faith in a copy book. It was enough to take one's breath away to hear that this goodly tree that was so fair to look upon should really be producing fruit that was so rank and so vile. If he answered the Romish hierarchs as they deserved to be answered, he could tell a tale of Romish fruits in other lands that would, he thought, put the boot on the other leg. He would have something to say of that presently, but in the meantime he would only remark that it just seemed as if the reverend fathers had been drawing a fancy sketch, and had put too much subject into one picture and too much shadow into the other. (Applause.) In dismissing the topic for the present he would say that he had found in those Catholic lands where a Catholic atmosphere was breathed, and where there were Catholic pastures and Catholic shepheids, that there were many as rough as goats and by np means like gentle sheep (applause and laughter) ; and he had found the Catholics in times of Parliamentary elections and political excitement, as fierce as wolves. (Renewed laughter and applttuse.) He now came to another point of the Pastoral. _ A further allegation was made, that this system of Public education was subsidised for the multiplication of schools, which was said to be such a galling injustice as to provoke the warmest feelings of resistance, with a view to its destruction. Now this talk about Catholic money was perfectly absurd on the face of it. The Government did not know a Catholic shilling from a Protestant one. Money was received from the people of the colony generally, and the Government disbursed it for the good of the commonwealth upon broaa principles of public iustice, and there was a direction in which the Church of Rome did get more than her fair share of the State money. It received for her paupers and criminals more than was fairly due by the law of propor tion, and yet the Bishops were fond of tho rule of three. (Laughter.) For the support of her paupers, and felons and orphans, the Church of Rome drew very heavily in proportion to what she contributed. He would ask them to note the figures, and they would find that the facts were in a strange contrast with the statements made. The Bishops had groaned about injustice. Let them consider the tact that last year the Church of Rome received, as a subsidy for Denominational education, £16,900 16s. 6d., and tuat all theotherdenominations, exclusive of the Church of Eng land, received something less' than £3000. But the Bishops said that the Catholics could not use the Public schools tney were so galling and oppressive. On the rolls of our schools there were 13,350 Roman Catholic children, and on the rolls of certified Denominational schools there were 9704\. They had not done with their lordships yet. las year the Council of Education received 179 applications to new schools. The parties making them were representee by 2118 parents and guardians who had promised to sena their children to the schools, and this number included od Roman Catholics. The children who were promised to sent numbered 6404 of all denominations, but 1989 ot tnew formed the Roman contingent. But they had not aon with their lordships yet. The total number of children^ school age in those districts represented by the applicano was 7348, of which 2224 were Roman Catholics , a out of those 2224 Roman Catholics 1989 were pledgee to attend the Public schools. And yet the co science of the Catholics was opposed to the Public sc Bystem. (Laughter.) In Ithe face of these ?_ became of the strong statements of the bishops. value faded away like the baseless fabric of a o ? .J Who had heard of the groans of oppressed co ence, or of the murmuring of a people gr® down by a pressure they were unable *1 J until this document was manufactured and put io : 1a decree of the Church of Rome? The JBoma* Catholics had availed themselves of the State machin 17 have their children educated, and had never had. . picion that they were participators in wrong doing1- „g were told, and the Government was told, and the comwy told, that the Roman Catholics had been stooping t a foul stream,- and the decree bad gone forth tha ? ? who would not drink of the waters of d Inch was carried through Roman aqueducts should be treated as heathens while they lived and when they died, Md were told that at the last they would go to the jpntliB of that perdition which Home declared was the Satiny of oil who disobeyed her mandates. This mfs 'the gracious mother who longed to press to w yearning heart her erring children. (Laughter nd cheers.) It made one sad to reflect what fhe effect of all this would be upon the Roman Catholic j ?Whether Roman Catholics would or would not adst this Pastoral, that to his mind had done so much to Ssunage their interests, it was not for him to say. It was riot for him to say whether they would bend down to the voke which was sought to be placed upon their shoulders. But he would say that the community generally Would not stand tamely by and see this outrage perpe trated on the rights of freemen. (Cheers.) In the face of this great system so mighty in its claims, so imperious and intolerant in its demands, which threw into their midst the torch of discord in the name of religion, «nd struck upon their rights, they must sink —inor differences as their fathers did in the brave days of olp. They must stand up and declare that the independence of their political institutions should not be tampered with, and that they would value as a blessing beyond all price the religious liberty which the blood and sufferings of their fathers secured for them and their successors for ever. (Loud cheers.) «« Dividing Italy into three great provinces— norther n CfntTtJ, and southern— we find in the first that it ii jn the old provinces of Lombardy there is a school for every 521 inhabitants, and the total number of scholars ie at the rate of one pupil for every 13 of the population. In the central region — the Marches, Umbria, Emilia, and Tuscany— there is a school for every 1407 of the inhabitants, and one scholar for every 42 of the population. In the provinceeof N aples and Sicily there is but one school for every ? 2484 persons, and but one scholar for every 73 of the popu lation. Thus it appears from the tables of Signor Matteucci, ex-Minister of Education for Italy, that of every thousand males in the old provinces and Lombardy, 539 were more or Jess able to read, and 461 did not know their letters. Of every thousand females 426 could read and 574 could not. That is to say, about one- half the population was able to read. But nearer to Rome— in Emilia, Tuscany, the Marshes, and Umbria— of every thonsand males those who could read were only 359, leaving 641 who could not ; of every thousand females 750 were unable to read. So that in those provinces 'a little over one-fourth only of the population could read. In Naples and Sicily— where the reign of the priests was most unrestricted— those who could not read were— of every thousand males, 835 ; of every thousand females, 938. In other words, in the Neapolitan province in every hundred of the population ten only were able to read.' Nearer to Rome they therefore found something in inverse ratio to what the Bishops would lead them to expect. And this was under the very Pope's nose. (Laughter.) He would give them a quotation of Mr. Leckie : ' It was the custom then as it is the custom nuw for the Catholic priests to stain the imagina tions of young children by ghastly pictures of future misery ; to imprint upon the virgin mind atro cious images which they hoped not unreasonably might prove indelible. Few Englishmen, I imagine, are aware of the infamous publications written with this object that are circulated by the Catholic priests among the poor.' He next cited Master Fitzgibbon, — ' After tho publication of my book on Ireland in 1868 my attention was called to some school histories written by Jesuits for the use of the children in Roman Catholic schools, and I added a chapter to the second edition of my book, in which I commented on the perversion and falsification of his tory in those books ; on one of which Archbishop Whately's comment was, that 'nothing could ex ceed the unblushing audacity of its falsehoods except the atrocity of its principles,' and that ' the per version of its morals is still worse than its perver sion of facts.' ' Take Mr. Gladstone's testimony. Mr. Gladstone, the greatest statesman, not only of England but of the world. He said concerning Italy — ' It was a land of misrule in which he had seen perjury the daughter of fraud, the mother of cruelty and vice stalk abroad under the sanction of its Government. A country where, by means of a ' philosophical catechism for the use of Primary schools,' there were taught under the veil of religion principles at once false, base, and demoralising, and where there was shown a real resolution to preoccupy all minds in the time of their tender and waxen youth and before the cspacity of thought with those principles.' Of tliis teaching for Primary schools Mr. Gladstone himself with a righteous indignation that does him honour, records his deliberate judgment that no more cunning plot was ever devised at least by man against the freedom, the happiness, the virtue of mankind. (Loud cheers.) One of the means by which the Roman Catholic prelates here proposed to remedy the great and crying wrongs of which they complained was the coercion of parents. ' Let them, moreover, warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, are exposing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves^ and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools ; for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacle s in the way of Christian men who are bent on winging about a change. Let one and all remember that their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them « themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood ?— neeh which was freely wounded, and blood which was Ireely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or com promise Christian faith.'' Yet another extract from the Pastoral : — ' Let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at oehance the teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons!, and tho danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no con lessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their cnuaren s souls to the blighting influence of an alien creed «r a secularist system.' Be ventured to think that they would regard these delu sions as a gross outrage on parental authority, and an in sion of the holy domain of home, that ought to in In * i i Btoutest resistance. (Cheers.) To the f rent belonged the bringing up of the child, the care of its gcc)') its mind, and its heart. The parent was God's v e or t° cause to be done, for the child that , would culture its intellect and guide its moral f/irm™-'*60 ^ would become fit to acceptably per v , * . Y'0-, . in the world. If this manifesto could « !?t0 ^ac*» W would have a dramatic lioWli ? °, a most peculiar nature. They would Jamro til ^^bisliop in all his glory, the urbane obsra rL Bathurst, the weak and somewhat earli Goulburn, each with his mitre on, and Thmr^! Ua ecclesiastical stockwhip in Mb hand, liprn o«^°Ti eee-, 4eans.' archdeacons, and priests rushing snirit oil « ? labouring for one end, all inspired by one would r«L!iiimU1RiVf? . one zeal, all determined that they had *keir indolent, wayward, wicked sheep that thesp vi8 ^ver?eer ^ much trouble. They would see from tli J 8 j- ^crmined to drive out all their lambs in of Public education, to enclose them eteii or, and them' off to a Roman the lono- ?*?«?- the Pastoral whip and it 0 . excommunication at the end of of the - v jte echoes had been heard in every part the ConW;!2' i'V j a priest was stationed; heard in «f Confi™ at the foot of the Altar, at the rites to coewTrtt j ey would ^ that the intent was authority Judgment and break down the righteous eiScfW -?e parent- U was a movement so WithastonkW^ ? T0Uglx. to convTul8e the colony m W° S.e^and lndignation. (Cheers.) The second by coerM«r mT Palates sought to attain their ends was *aid th^LS6 vo,tir ^ ^ Parliament. The prelates meddle /t!t vi ?8 as politics they had no desire to another ^ .,They must have looked at one ' Let Caftr^L y Baid, thot* (Laughter and Cheers.) resPonEibilities^ let tVm *®?e?lselve? up to a sense of their the right . ,em bring legitimate pressure to bear in «!EBnized nevcr c°asc in their persevering, their which no until they have obtained those rights man can refuse them without self-evident injus tice.' They knew that the prelates of the Catholic Church dabbled in politics, if not personally, by proxy. (Hear, hear.) They had sought to exercise undue influence in our charita ble institutions, and by every means, some fair and some foul, had sought to push their men into the Borough Councils. Their action meant the degradation of the franchise, the violation of the sacred character of the ballot-box death to the independence of the voter, the destruction of Parliamentary institutions. It meant that, not only the religious liberty, but the political rights of a large section of the community were to be handed over to the priests, that a man should think as the priest thought — should act as the priest taught— and vote as the priest commanded. 'Were they prepared for this in this fair de pendency of the British Crown ? He was sure that they had sense and spirit sufficient to say no. (Loud cheering.) They must fight this matter at the hustings, if the princi ples of the Pastoral were proceeded with and pressed to a practical issue. They must say to the candidates ' Are you for Pope or Parliament ? ' (Prolongued cheering) — Rome or Australia.' (Loud cheering.) They must fight at the ballot-boxes, and, for the time, sink all minor differences and join hands to defeat this priestly con spiracy. (Hear, hear.) They must tell the representatives of the people that they would watch the action in Parlia ment of this spirit of the Roman Catholic Church — (cheers) — and they would see to it that in that Supreme Court of the nation, the watchword should be 'Justice for all, and preferential legislation for none.' (Cheers.) And if they thus stood together, and worked together, and battled together for the sacredness of their rights, the freedom of politics, the freedom of conscience, which was their best birthright, victory would crown their union, and they would save the country from the shadow of a great disgrace and a great peril, (Loud and continuous cheering.) Mr. John Davies, M.L.A., proposed, and Mr. J. Roseby, M. L.A.j seconded, a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried by acclamation. The Chairman was thanked for his services, and after the National Anthem had been sung by those present, the meeting dispersed. 