SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL MEETINGS. FIRST DAY-THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist association were commenced at the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall on Tues- day, September 23. In the morning a prayer meeting, attended by a large number of ministers, was held, the Rev. W. Clare, Chair- man of the Association presiding. A ministers' meeting for conference was afterwards held, at which there was also a large attendance. The Rev. H.L. Tuck read an inte-- resting paper on "The value of spiritual power in the minister as influencing the Church," and the Rev. W. Dinniss gave a paper on "A minister's duty as to reading for the sake of his increase in knowledge and for his spiritual ad- vantage." In the evening a largely attended public meet- ing was held in the Lecture Hall. The Rev. W. Clare was in the chair. After the usual devo- tional services, the Rev. Jas. Grey read the Secretary's annual report, as follows:— "Your Committee have met for the transact- tion of business seven times during the year, and there has been an average attendance of eighteen, the lowest number present being six- teen and the highest twenty. The year's work has been characterised by a struggle with finan- cial embarrassment; much that might other- wise have been done has been consequently left without attention, and our report is therefore shorn of some items of interest that we had hoped might have found a place. Your Com- mitte trust that the new year's work may be carried forward upon a sound footing by the Churches promising a quarterly payment of definite amount, so that your Committee may know upon what they have to depend. We leave this branch of our subject with our Treasurer. While upon this point, however, we may say that an experiment has this year been tried, which we should be glad to see adopted in the future, viz., a general exchange on one appointed Sunday amongst the ministers, it being under- stood to be Association Sunday, and the collec- tions made that day being devoted to our funds. The ministerial changes this year have not been numerous. We have had the pleasure of wel- coming to the colony the Rev. D. B. Gardner, who has since been duly installed as pastor of the Morphett Vale Church. The Rev. B. Yaagfaaa, who was present as a visSor during j -oac hat aanaal mooting, is asw witbus as the ! -•aster of the Sooth Ehine, Salt Oreet. and <Meo>Valley Chorehes. *Tbe Her. W. Jones has, -siace bat year, been called to the pastorate of *h¥ Obmrch at Terowie. It «iU.be re membered tint the Bev. jr. Benney was there at this time last year. Since then he has . 'paid Torke's Peninsula a visit,- and - preaohed *t Hardwicke Bay for some time, bat ia -July be cesetved an Tnvhatian' to proceed to aMJnaa and take -the -overnghfrof ttaClharch ".'< >thm r?wa€imooliu, ]which.iavit*aonfc.has -aeaaaMi^atm is at this time praarJifnj. there issmtedy. We have to introduce to you at these meetin gs the Rev. H. Wood, late of the Pator's College, Metropolitan Tabernacle, who arrived here by the Aldinga, from Melbourne on 12th inst. Our friend was compelled by ill-health to leave London before his college course was quite completed, and proceeded to Auckland, New Zealand. He began laboring in the Thames District, and at the expiration of a month found the climate too damp, and he has now come to try our northern districts, where we hope he will find strength to work for God for years to come. It was with much regret your Com- mittee felt themselves compelled to give their effort of evangelization at Port Augusta, a place sorely needing that kind of aid and the prayers of all Christians. In February it was seen to be necessary to relinquish the work there, owing to the lack of funds. The Rev. D. Badger was therefore asked to proceed to Orroroo, where a few Baptist friends were located who felt sanguine as to the prospects of a cause if Mr. Badger could live somewhere near, and after laying the foundations help to raise the superstructure. Mr. Badger is now working there, residing at Black Rock Plains. He has succeeded in gathering several helpers round him, who are in earnest and ready to make sacrifices for the cause. We know from vast experience that Mr. Badger will not be backward in doing his share, and hence the Committee will no doubt be willing to assist to their utmost power the Baptist Church that may be formed there. We have had the pleasure of welcoming to our midst again the old friends of the denomination, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Goode, who are well known as former South Australians. It was thought well to make some public demonstration of our pleasure on their return to the colony, and a public breakfast was therefore given them on July 24, at which about eighty friends were present. We have this year taken an impor- tant step by availing ourselves of the Com- panies Act to have the Association incorporated, and our title for the future is 'The South Australian Baptist Association, Incorpo- rated. We trust this step will be found conducive to our best interests and facilitate our dealing with property in various ways, as well as enable us to hold any of the properties of the denomination that may be en- trusted to it. Our effort at establishing a cause at Glenelg terminated in April, and has only partially realised our anticipations. The attendance secured by the services of several of the ministers, and indeed by all, or nearly all in turn, was not such as to justify the continuance of the effort. It appears to be manifest that no merely tentative movement will be likely to succeed there; but that, if we really mean to organise a cause, we must secure an able minister, and place him there as the pastor of those in the neighbourhood who are sufficiently attached to their principles to at once unite in Church fellowship. If this could be done there would be no doubt of ultimate success. Our half-yearly meetings were held with a good measure of success at Jamestown in April last, and were, we believe, productive of interest amongst the residents there in the work of the Association, being also certainly conducive to kindly feeling and increased knowledge of the friends and their wants in that part of the colony, on the part of those who visited James- town. There has been received from the Baptist Association of Victoria an application to so arrange our times of meeting as to enable them to send a deputation, one from us return- ing to their meetings, and going on to New South Wales. This request it was impossible for your Committee to secede to, as the date of your meeting is fixed by the constitution, but it is in your power to give us liberty to arrange the matter for future years if you deem it well. Your Committee have during the year revised the rules for the guidance of the trustees of the 'Aged Ministers' Fund,' and hope that under the new regulations the 'fund' may be more largely used by the brethren for its original purpose. The rules as amended by the Com- mittee will be published in an early number of the magazine. We have to report that a new relationship has sprung into existence during the year between some of the country Churches and various lay preachers. We hope it may turn our attention to the right source from which to draw recruits for the ranks of the ministry, and that it may stimulate the Christian young men in our Churches to do similar work. We refer to the fact that three of the lay preachers have very kindly undertaken the care of the Churches referred to in so far as presiding at their meetings, providing for the supply of their pulpits, and exercising as much general supervision of their affairs as they can. The Churches speak gratefully of these services so cheerfully and self-sacrificingly rendered by these brethren, and they on their part no doubt profit spiritually by doing the work. Your Com- mittee has ventured to approve this step by for- mal resolution. The usual detailed reports of Truth and Progress, the Building Fund, Library, White's Fund, &c.;, &c.;, will be presented for your approval tomorrow. In conclusion, as we yield up our trust to you and lay down the cares of office, which have been somewhat weighty this year, we hope that our successors may have brighter times before them and be able to present a more glowing report. We feel that only a limited success of a spiritual nature has followed our efforts during the year, and we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that while this Association exists to maintain workers for God we only seek to sustain them in order that spiritual successes may result. Nor can we ignore the fact that when our whole time and thought is taken up in efforts to raise money, neither your Com- mittee nor its agents can devote their full energies to pressing forward their real work. We do not intend to imply that there has been any lack of effort, but that our spiritual and evangelistic efforts have been much hampered. We very sincerely wish you successful meetings and a prosperous year, in which you shall have cause to rejoice over new fields of usefulness required, and Churches multiplied in numbers and strength. Mr. A.S. Neill read the Treasurer's report, which showed that during the year the receipts amounted to £804 3s, 6d. and that the expenditure '-' %9WaU ft |l?vipraVae«ei?ef £iOI 3s. lid. •" I&^«i'PraartJt«r luff liemi <*l ITT Bs, .ffly^lalilMl laJii? ff Ijl Majr qS tbaa « ini? isssiisi" if mr-~~ '~ "~" —*-ti a: sji isjavW of IM.iaisieejlsa^ iarSie kbineas mtioomU^ttt^akUkhiX «, Urn during hi* ten of oSoeT ' ' The B«v.%.Slb&i;> t&en; took the ohair.-and de ttr«ritb*foUowangaddr*won"Bitaiali*m:"- FeUow-beliweta in the Lord Jesus Christ—l speak to you this evening on the subject of Ritualism. This is not the' topic which in tne eariy part of oar Aaaociation year J thought" dl choosing to, epeak from on this oocasions bat I have been led to fix upon it because it i^a live subject of pressing and present imporUnce. I -d?not diseoune.on tbe subject of lUtoalum because it so largely concerns and is" so mti- . mately connected with another de&amination;, but beeauee its advance or retrogression is of great moment to the future ce^igiou* welfare of the colony at larg^e. Although denominations have their distinctive names, separate orgamu tions,and varying beliefs, we are not «o separated from each other as to be disjoined from tbe one *hody which constitutes tbe Church of the Saviour. It is of small consequence by what denominational name* we are knows amongme.u so long i«we are ChrUfs true disciples and fol lowers, whether we may be connected with the Church of Biigtaod, with the Charon of Wesley, with the Church «f Borne, with 'the Ohurch of theCongregatioaalists, with the Church of the Presbyterians, or with the Church of the Bap tists, the point of vital importance is that we hold a living membership in the Church of the Saviour. All true believers in Ohrist in these several Churches are our fellow Church mem bers whether or not they assent thereto. We bave therefore a personal interest in all true Christians found in the Church of England and in all Churches; eoall true believers in that and other Churches have a personal interest iu us. Moreover, the truth «f God as revealed in Christ Jesus is common property. We rejoice in the triumphs of that truth wherever manifest; we grieve wherever the beauty of that truth is despoiled. Then, also, we do well 1:6 .'earn from others to team by their successes and from their failures. -These considerations are, I think, sufficient to Justify and explain my selec tion of the tubjeet of Bitnslbim u the topic for tbe present address. Tbe Bitoaltsm of which I speak may be de fined as tbe attachment of excessive importance to external religious rites, and in regarding them a* the necessary and procuratdve means of imparting the gifts of ealvation. •We mast not conf oand ritual with Ritualism, nor suppose that Ritualism in and of itself a* mere extetnalism is necessarily evil. The woeship of God as enjoined through Biases was largely ritualistic. All the rites then ordained by Jehovah bore their distinctive significance. These rites were umple in form and chancier; fome of them were fitted to impress the be bolder with a sense of >m. They were sym bolic; they were designed to convey instruction; gious life. With the ascension of Christ as a la w they ceased to have force, and according to tbe intention'of their IK vine -enghutor they pasaedaway r for ever. ■ - ■ We most also bear in mind that all Churches' (exceplingthatoftheQaaker?«MFrtopas)practioe certain rites ia worship. lilo not' mean simply the two rites of Baptism aad the Loafs Sapper, but the rites, of public prayer, of public sing ing, of preaching. We all therefore practice ritaalinthe*e&Mthat; we abasrvewell-defined" rites; some may be ritualistic in^he further sense of regarding one or more of ~ the rite* commonly dmrtml. aaaaag as a* bamg neees aarily a ptucmative mediam of soa\e gift of salvatioa. By whomsoever this is done, there is the eesesse of £itaaUsia ia whatever Church **-a* practised. It is mmartant tharefore to distinguish between simple ritaaland&itualism.; It does not come within tnv yupeat to-night to estariaUwf hhttsthwi of Xitas&mwit; now obtains in fee Church of Bngismd. Ton aw well aware that whatever may have been the degree in wbie? Ritualism prevailed in that O&weh; two or three^eenturies ago, its modern 'fevelopineat dates back only come forty years. It was little imagined by the friends of Srangeticalism ttien that in the apaoe of forty yeassft wonM hare attained the proportions we now witness; Tbe real founds^ tionfor aUthisSitaalisairtobefoittkdinthe Book of Comsioa Prayer. Thus for example in'the aerrisa of Baptism, aMordiag to the Prayer-book, the priest af ter'Baptism has been administered to tbe child is iastraetea to say— " Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this ehfid. is Tegeoerate aad grafted tato-the body latVhasVm Cbmob, let as give : thanks to Almighty God for these benefiis." Subsequently in a prayer addicased to God these words are ' uttered—"We yield theaihearty thanks,most merciful Father, that it hath pleased Thee to segaoetate this'inJant with TiyS«ly?pirit,t6 receive him for Thineownchild byadoptioa,and to ifi?otpotmt? him into Thy Holy Church." Here we have one of tbe slwwgesttwts of rftnalistio _ development. rf**i expoaitionjof t^t point, bowover.f sfasu have oocaiipn to wmr inffgwiitfy. Tbe eanses oFtiils rapid dovelattement I shall not enquire into,*wt deal with th* fietttsell numerical aUe?gUi of fi*B eraflgelicsl section of the- Church of JBqejand as" enmparfed with tbe ' ritaalfstJ? sectio?,btitwe fear the latter, is in a decided minority. Both in tab colony and - ■of JteCnorch ofr England .is established this appears to be ite'jtsrUmg fact. -■ f.L-:- .-J- *;■:,. I. ••-■ - f ... lomA asawery temarJc that ahe JBoman n-prjh. QW"" 1* JTfnM-*-"itnaW—: Its whole cyitemUpenetrjktedthroagh and througn with Ahe.yeryesrnrihof?itaaUam. Itis Ritnnlirm winch has made the BOmaaf hnrnhlwhat it is. This is the aecretrfiHUuoceas and of its failure. - Let the Boman Catholic OH**** 'lose its- Bitaali?m,'and what a c^Aytrtrrfifnltpit be in - store far that community. "Baak?«B*.but that one idea complobdy fnan that ajaiim/and yptr would revolutioaise tt« Ohawh^ That *iM.ui4ha potiDD that aba adainktration of a saaasis Lpmiuatir? of aalvation^ That single idea lathe soTnoto of the Oatholie fcith. Poll that away,«]ta the whole edifice tumbles down. ■ybaarmianisJ?KiOf the Bpisoopal Ofaarch pro> ceedsini^^irntn^itetdavasosMideapeae tratea, pervades, aad .d<—iaatas tho gphcopalmn system. Toa-think that P«p? Lao XUL U the rulecof the Boman Oatfaolie world. Ho is only tbe agent of this all-dominant idea, ft is not the infallibility of the : £oae that is the great miaehjof-workmf ojril 4n that- Gborob, but the real Pope, the invisible, intangible Pope of the Roman world u this <n^ idea of the ad«unistra< tionof a rite being necessarily the mediating' safvation. Le?'but 4bi? same idea govern the action and beliefs of the Episcopal -Church or of any other Church, and thereby that js effisctiialZji ft^wjymgnf^' fhough* it nay facHcw thejoatne-or msjrfieclai? itself evisn ■ yTrr?TlrTl i^ffff- bas in A coarse *of r^ntories become <t> tiuwonjjhly part and parcel of the Boman Churclf that «n hky^Jpome to be almost despairing of the reformation of that Church through the pure light of the Gospel of Christ. '' ) .We shall now endeavor to trace this one idea as it-finds a place in the doctrines and ordi . nanassjot ritualistic churches. It is note- by these Churches anthe owKnaareS) that^ is, on what are desig nated the Sacraments.. These sacraments, both in tbe Roman and Episcopalian Churches. hiilii atxatplaoa. S^smasJrosaJheaiMniiwtance tlati?is4asier49at*ac? tsja sateatian-proenr •ms itofoa*M^«ljs)diamment tiian to a doctrine. This also he]gr*<o. sxplain the jia^stflinri? o*J?jwia?ybjcb the Hannwwntal acts iawwq«irad*o[l)iiiaairi?d>pnt. It Jm of much conaequene of Ritualism, for the promotion, of . its success, that every possible reverence should be shown to the sacramental action. {So far as pos*i)ileitmaaibe sat utiaoivmripiipftand on a dirtcoptdestal. -.'.-' - : * ' In tbe {Kotecution of one search for the idejk of -aatvation procwed by an external.aaedium Jet us first take tbe inatitutioD of the Oh'ureb: as an outward and visible .organisation. Ton a-now fliaVtiie Trord Church-means intte- New Tastampnt fee awfimffly of believers who in any plaeef town, or country hive ioeafted in fafii tjhnst.as their Saviour, and.stand out from the world as • distinct .society, whose supreme aim it was wholly to serve aad-'fellow Christ.' Hence flie .beSevers «t Antioch con stitated the QhnroK'iif.'Obnst there*-the be lievers at JEphesus constituted the Church there; the believers at Phillip! concbtekdJaa Church .there.. Of «mrsethese Chnrcbes formei^srts -of. the complete Charah of Coa^aad aj, consti tuted a unit, but^hey rataiaed-tiMhr ioAivir, doalcotnplatowsand oaoh waacomplatetn itself. Bitnalism fat «onteadia? for .the one Church denies that there sos-andindaal aad'complete organisations. As wall might itiedsnied that there are sifislu famflies and nl*—s among men hf r tasfi the sjliina race, of men constitute and may bsapokan'OfAsa unit. £o far has this tenet basa esarJed that the Boaun - Catholic denies tbe-Cbwah of EngUnd the right to be aaUad a OhiwA) aad .pronoanaai ■that Church wlitirsariwl, hrmtinal, mil dissaatiag, while on tfa*oUs?rbaod ; tfa«latterOh]m&protott;« against the orthodoxy -«f thafioman Gh?rch. Tbere has sot injsoA.aii?dry Bwaatssaqt a little th—atwnfnmp?lMia,aiMl itmmynafy. tosbsam that some day they May •BlabratoaT VHris^aklertteaM?Wiie^OattoUA, Mean time both Ihasa fflnni hia msist-ttat there u some magical vjrtw in being within the ring iaaaeat sbsa Imniiitiw safrtMtiww. so Sal to be wfttfa ifce foM of either seam* ■dvatioQ. and tobewftaont the fald.«l«tb*r sscaas beW aestitste of ■■liaHWi- But I wish to&n; t6beJj?Slcs,lbe question w askedr-* I? thsk worship" *.Uudable service? Answer—<No; "beoaqte tfcey worship God premising to their , own evil and' corrupt imaginations, sad not according to His revealed will,aad therefore their "worship is idolatrous. Q. 87. Is dissentagreat ■in,? —A. Tea; it is in direct opposition to our dutjy toward* God. Q. 9b. Are we then to refuse to do them any good service when they ere in distress and in need of "ourassiataace?' —A. No; we are to do them ail the food in our, power, provided we do not defraud than who axe of the household of faith. O> 92. But do we not find among: -them man food men ?—A. Many doubtless are unexoeptianable characters in a moral point of view, but they are not holy men ; and herein indeed, we may learn a lesson from them; for if they apparently attain auoh perfection, what ought we to be in all manner of godly conversation, who possess all the means of grace? Q. 88. Is it wicjred, then, to enter a meeting-house at all ?—A. ajast assuredly; because il is a house where Gad is worshipped otherwise tbao He has eommanfleJ. Besides this, we run the risk of being led away by wicked enticing words. Q 99. But is such language as this consistent with charity?—A. Quite so; for when there is danger of the trae worshippers of God falling into error we cannot apeak too strongly of their perilous state. At the same time it is our duty to declare in ex press terms to those who are without, that they are living separate from Christ's body, and con sequently out of the pale of salvation, so fat at least as God has thought fit to reveal." Clearly, therefore, according to this teaching, identification with the Episcopalian Church se cures salvation. There is some supposed mystic virtue in mere external union with this visible Church which is entirely lost in tbe absence of that connection. With auch nations -as these taught and pro claimed, it becomns the.argent dnty of the followers of the Lord Jesus, by deed and word, to set forth before men the New Testament idea of a Church as an assembly of those who, through a personal faith in the Son of God, have become the recipients of His grace and salvation. Sometime ago the head of tbe Episcopalian Church of this colony gave in his annual address an oracular utterance on the subject of "Apos tolical fiaceemiao." This dogma is an essential pillar of the Episcopalian system. It is amazing to ordinary mmds bow intelligent people, who think for themselves, can be convinced by such illogical reasoning as is addnoed in order to make good this tenet. Mr. Gaxe's explanatory catechism asserts that tbe Ohnrch of England is governed by three orders of clergy—bishops, priests, and doacoas who can trace back their line in an unbroken chain to the days of the Apostles; and she is therefore fa possession of what is called tbe apostelie •accession, without which the Church cannot have existence. The Ber.fi. Grata is reported to have said at St. Panft Cbtrrch,Port Adelaide, on August 24th laat,that**if Uie Church -of England is not in the apostolic succession she is the greatest sham r on 'God's «arth. Sbe haa neither bishop*, priest*, nor deMoes; her children ai% not bap tised, nor are her members confirmed as they dunk they haveieen." What doesDr.fehort and Bev. S. tinea regard as apostoln Meeesswn? Mr Green siwaxjis that they had an unbroken aeries Of link* which united the clergy of the present day with the Apostles. He adds that tbe aaecesaion of tbe present Archbishop of Oaaterlmrji odoM be traced op to the Apostles' tine*.and that without one Ink being missing. Mo one taw proved this yet. "Were itipable of proof, the Mae of connection most tan through the fioman Catholic Oburch. The point, how-. «ver, I am deriio— of emphasising b that the whole theory k bated' on the wrong idea. The idagdam of-Christ is not vetablished upon a physical bat on * spiritual basis. Toe fcingdcnurf Christ i?B0t n«xteraalums,but U uf tfceaeal and spirit. If a thousand bishops - laid their bands «n the head of a man that would not convey one particle of the Holy Spuifsfower. The fact is there are no literal •accessor* et the ApotUes. Hot even in the aga sett to that o! tbe Apostles were there any men who olaimnd to be Apostles. There is no J eviaenoe-that after the death of the Apostle* j aay persons were endowed wish either tiie gift ' of JnnpSrstrofi or the power to work- miracles.. ft was only -in ■obseqaent centeries, when eede siaetieism in its Merarchieal prsteatiousness . began tttaaaect itself,that anyone thought of attaching -vahaa to any teadationel oonneetion. with the Apostie*. Apostolical aneacasion U good if it hetneaatby it that tbe minis tars of •JfarJstaboaUL be animated by the eeme seal,-j faith, love to Christ, andcompassion for souls I •miab animated and filled the Apeatte*. Who ever Ifa me* may be that ha* this spirit of tibe AamiiasmiatiwtraeapsstDlmsnseession. No ! other man lackznfT this .spirit oan le, however ' . and by wanrraowwtin a—ij have-atoonordained Ms. Green, referring to other fihodtes, say* they do not Begard.it a* pen Clary that their saauEtenahonld bare an apostolie sveceasion. . . Oanmiary opt, of any fleshly sort; bat we do re jgsaA itasjery nrmnfltsry that men shoatd posses* I Ihiijiaisj anil «iiii*l nf (I|i uttia iiiw mj mini <ril?iial ■nnnMsJoii.. ; The.one.i* ao guarantee \ e£ ite other. Ob the ground of *he Bpiseo- j palian.,Ch«>rh havrng this supposed .external physical snmwioa Mb Green contends that a : CJmmbsaan daw not leave bis awn. Ohareh. i Whet does ell tfau amount to but that by an external action—in this case the plaeiag by one man-tlMt haadt^r haadoa Ha headof another 1 man and «ceoa*pa?ying that act with certain , frjjflr—" *t—r^?f— ;t is.assumed that the [ T<>Uatia? paorsiriin aad. bestowing power is -{ ~tTT-"-i«- <~1 to tbe reeipiawt. Thateby the runuuniHon iathathe a invested with all the powersadd ionciie?* of apneet, which power -j imi&mctkm; be cannot, without thu hand r laying, by any poasaiilityohtain. U n the veriartaswaaptaonthat there Js any fpiritoal power.* ffnwiw|!i*>K*^*^ .by r tiifl unposition of hanasr Tetfhis era'de and most nnseHptural \- -assumption is the Tely -eomer-fltone of tbe ■ Episcopalian and"' Boman systems. It is to cnuiea.tbanrjr that* bat liar th4many adhering .to it, we fhould not judge ji -worn a moment's | eertonstfaougbtCT trfnlatwn. - It follows from this dogma of external apos tolical succession that tbe """'i*-"-* of our Chii*m xl\% p ?\jlrtiiy|]a*ay US bjT *yptffCOffMl-Mts|. AOd Bomanist? d«nied tbe rtgbt and Tsint&sitrue; mimstecs of Onr I*rd Jesoa Ohrist. BaV. S. Creenlately pat it-tfans •■—■■? Bach immat?rs are officials of a private society, but wb cannot re- - gard then a* bpilt m the.feuaiiation of tbe prophet*, m patt.of the Temple boittto the lord." Hancp, too, they apeak of onrChnflches nrt asCSncchea-r-^batistoobononble.a name ■ —bnttas^ private'BOcieties," reeembboc Building Bocieuei, OdofeUows 1 SoeietMs, and jthe like.: ■ Mtt*ov^,aoxirding t«them,theordinanoes as . observed aaaong us are not proper ordinances at ?U,aad*hs -varship offered-to, God,^*ch Lord's Day injour^ajiKjraaries, is nqt held po be worthy: the name of worship, and cannot be acceptable o wonhiptoGcd, and all because of the logical inferences flewimj from this delusion of a fleshly apo&tolical; encceseion. - '- • This is a Ace conntry. We accord to onr aoigfabors-tbe fnllest-acope for tite holding and psoaagation -of -their belieb-baliefir we (aithas it is proclaim the fonnsilff?tli and posravtf truth of - i iuhrifV* rejelation-^ui £oVUie way of ealration and as to Obnrcnli£i9 "but^oitr 6bliga)ti6&' doe* : , not end heiej jtis&^ber. iaoumbeat on as .to "OQ tfOX~''O.tSiiO^t to * Z^sfln tu6 ftaVUKC belJeTeW?aptte,wy toundatidtaaof a life of ;<f?Hb-in;the«eno)God.: ■-' ■ c tetjne -(jbwretart -to the work of traaking out -the eatvagutt-prgeuilag' -ideaJcP-'its fiene- Inttive'eonne ampbg the ordfaanoes of rittialis tie systems. This idea constitutes -the bone, fie-sb.nwisele',•-anS«p?it •* tbe ritnaMstic con-" caption of Baptism. . The 9fow Testament idea, that it is an .ordinance ■wherein we follow our Lord's personal'example co?nte for'A?thing; the " requirement-of faHii in the dnlQeettb be bap tised :«ignored; tbe witness «f baptism to our having come out from the world henceforth to walk in: newness of lib-i* -set aside. What is given us in its place?' X shall at some length aliow%Sev. F. Gaae to give his explanations. In his "Church"Catechism explained"— '-Q. 7.—he asks, why iatfoa call the name given in b*p tism your Christian name?—A. Because it was given tame whenl wM*iade.aChri*tisp; my snrname'l received from riiy eartUy parents, MtiSng my naaWinmy natural state.; ICy Chris tian name .from the Church, on besoming apiritaally.tilecbUa of God.—6. 8. Wbin were too TO?de* Christian?—A. When I was bap v>se3.' -Q. 9. Can any one become a dbrbtian without bantism?—A. No. Q. 10. In what light mast we -riewi^aae who have never been baptised P A. A* the the aeatben, whether they be old «r young, notwithstanding they "otoy be in the habit "of attending Divine worship. ail^Wbatu baptism?—A. Being bora againof waterwrftbeSpirit.ai4.W|iatjapiiitai)eyon? born of P—A. The Holy BpnitorGod. Q.W. .Wbfet«B Amb penoa* aajd tajbe whp have rightly received- baptism ?—A. They are said ifi*Sbwnagaln^BrtrtiMejse?SM*!. Q.W. In tibhuonnMotQd birth who ■■ our father and onr mother ?— A.- God is oar Father, andtha Oh«* O|? pother ? Q.M. .P^do-Oo*. fceSne qyFather?—A. Beoaac - attao^toSplttny^A. WeV*W^6r?K *4b«kH-Wof,Heaven, A. JDT Wlriiftido Tp«ror*ny M&rfid; *earm or kg A.-—By becoming a -member of His Chimb, wbicb it that mystical body of which Cbrist is the Head. Q. 83. Why. is the Ohurch our -mother?—4'. Befeauae we are bom (n her. Q. 24. How do you become a child of God ?— A. By becoming m tnember ot Christ. Thus you see how the changes are rang upoa these words -^cborch; baptism, regeneration, member of Christ, child of God. Vow this salvatioo-procnrlng idea of baptism ' it preached and'taught to one thud—perhaps to nearly one balf-^of ' the people af South Australia. It it tanght fn the Sunday; school dass, enforced in the preparatory teaehag pre ceding .confirmation, -insisted on in the administration of baptism,incu!es4ed in tbe pul l>it —whocaa adequately estimate tbe spiritual mischief wrought by this doetrine on the butt and highest interests of the people of tai* \- co??try. YOu know that to acoept'tfais doctrine as standing at the very threahhold of ell other doctrine* of tbe -ritualUtie system* matt neeeemrily sad fatally imperil those other doctrines - affecting the Christian life. The history of the Ohristiau Churches daring these eighteen centuries abundantly proves that wherever and whenever the true doctrine of baptism has been perverted, it has given <ise to most serious evils'which have sadly weakened tbe lifeaod le-seoedtb spiritual power of tbe Ohureh of i) •? I. So Ion 4 as this grave error prevails «xteo-*v<y in this land,so long does tile duty rent iiD->- nrWely on n* to labor earnestly for the cxtirj.ai .u of tbe error and cealously to uphold the n.-npie bsasity of the ordinance as Christ has left it to uv This ritualistic conception of baptism Jis not, how ever, confined to the Episcopalian and Soman Ohurefaes, bat it may, and wef ear it does, in its essential character, obtain in Oourches that practice tbe immersion of tbe subject prof easing faith in tba Saviour. In: the September number of a periodical published: in this colony, and re presenting one of the denominations here, in a quotation referred to with approval; the author speaks of the second birth as a birth " from the water" and that we enter upon the life of God in oar souls at this second birth. I am told, indeed, that the logical in ference deducible--fiom *tit? language *is not supported by the other writings of the author quoted. This theory requires the belief, not as Mr. Gage teaches, that the Episcopalian Church is u the mother" of the new- born babe- Christian—bat that the water ased in the act of jmmfinaon is "the mother. 1' It is just as need ful to protest against this theory of the ordi nance <rf baptism,as being procurativeof e&lva; t?n as the theory which associates the action and- virtue of- baptism with the unconscious infant. - It is quite possible for other than Baptist Churches to nit up their testimony against this peritoos error of baptismal salvation, but we fed that non- Baptist Obureaes are heavily weighted in giving that-protest! by reason of their own anseriptual.ttotio?Sof infant baptism. Somehow or other every- Ohurch- infant baptism finds it x'—TTipg difficult, how iever nmch -it withes to do so, to steer clear of feis^ikfcaaad of baptismal salvation. A* a matter ?f fast^ra believe that, to a much larger «xtebtthanis "Bsppased-,'aoaie modification of tbefoll-blowa theory of baptismal regeneration is beta by the balk ef ttSse wBe accept aad prae ' ties infant baptism. The Baptists do not exist mainly to defend and npbdld what we deem the only Christ-honoring doetrine «f baptism, but this furnishes -one ground for our standing out distinct from otter Ofaarebes. It is not in the spirit of opposition,, but from deep and strong conviction that' all theories of thu ordinance which depart fromlhetruthconcerning baptism as Christ by His exsmple and'precept has taught, as- work disastrous mischiefs among men that we are constrained to hold and prac tice the one baptism divinely established au<i left to as for our acceptance and obedience We most defend the divine law relating to Itf this often neeeasitMes oar exposing the .errors dinging thereto. Often in the opinion of (be saperfldal ob server* it is unarmed that we exist at a deno- TBTeaHtra simply became of our beliefs touching baptism,bnt this is a great mistake. We value all the troths of theaospal of ealvation and seek to preach and embody -them in our lives. Whatever ptoauaenoe baptism may seem to have among as arises from the preval ence around as of what we regard as serious error. If ao such carom had become associated with the ordinaaee, as Christians it would still be our duty and privilege to proclaim and praatteethetiath wuomiing it as wo-now do. I As matters now are we most contend earnestly for the faith once delivered to tbe sainta. We shall sow turn to the ordinance of the Lord's Snpptr. I hope that to-morrow evening W!B4baUeviaee.bytbefaJthaodJo*awith which wa shall observe this memorial supper, how sample and h?ariHfnl is this ordinanca which our Lord bade td keep in memory of Hiia. If! a stranger cowld witness oar observance thereof, andtben .witMe* the same ordutiaoe as kept under the name of tbe Mats by the Bonwnuts, or as 4te«tu!rament by the Bftualists, fae^would seareely {magine them to have the, eame origin in:|Bie wards of OarlsC 'If, uiureovm.; he were earefaUy.toanaryw-the deetrinal exposition* of the rite as aet-fortb by «s and by tbe Romanist tad Ritualist, he wooJd be eonrosed with the | C%sSt*JK?Cfit ttlttt uXB 4xp*!MltMHi WBS DatSGQ 111 DOW! instaneesontbetese?mgsoioarliOTd. Inset-' tingferthwbati*theritaalistieiaea«f thisordi- Bance I«hall attameleagthquoteftom the noted atatbor, the Bev. Orby Shipley. Inhutraeion the real jiresence, he saya that the holy Boeaarist —meaning «f coarse the Lord's Sappar—** not only unites as to the body of Christ tint makes ' as- aefual partaker* of that body. Baptism (I am quoting his word*) is the sacrament or the new life giving spiritaal life to dead souls. The Bucharist is the sacrament of immortality, imparting to soul and body the quickening fleebof Him who is the liTe itself.. In a word; baptism joins as to Ohrisf : "the Bdeharist^oins ' Christ to ns vy aa iatimate union—a anmn at intimate that some of the ooetente eompare it to the amalgamation of two eabstanW fused together." In another place Mr. Shipley adds: —"? has beeniaaid that Ohrist i?camates -Him «elf 4n each worthy eommnnicant, beeaase He Bnites His sacred flesb to ours, sod in-a real^nd .true aensemakes Hfaaaelf one with us. - Last this should be thought to indicate osoya sub jective ankm, consequent upon the ardent faith and devotion of the receiver, there, is an-ante cedenVmuon altogetJjer external to the oommn nicant himself, npah'which the other u depen dentj for in order to this onlonof the flesh of Cbrist witlronrs. He first incarnates himself in %he tands of Che priest; that is. at the moment of unites himself, Iwdy,eoul,eDd divini^m an eneffabte manner, witfe ihe elanents of bread and wise; ajidso near does this approach to tba -union of the divine and human ia 4&e.; incarnation, that BislffipmmlDS?Ma ealbx^ a «nd of hypostatiqal amien ot^Om Ji** ami ,ti? .thing signified so united togetberasaretbetwonatures of^flhrist" WhatpsTttbe Triestj^ax* ia^his transacMon Sfr.Shfpley'aoe? not bentate" to affirm. l With < not a little /eloquence of language, speaking of Christ, he says'that "Hiswotd called the uni vette into jUdstehce; a simple act -of volition converted the water into ■wine,Bad. tins,same •power cati'toni wine intoHiaowhblo3dtt?fulfil tbfl ourpemof His loveintbe blessed Sacrajnent. If be called the element* Mis body aad blood it >wa*vao<vain metaphor, httt:a ?«m«<i> truth and - tMOSIgr.T His almighty power made them what ihe called tbem. He is -the real oonaeerator still. The priest is his representative; speaks ami actsjaqt bit aame ■only,l but in his person —"We are ambassadors! for Christ." Tbe words' said the acts of -jeonsecration are bis, though spoken and done by an earthly priest. WbaHadoae^i thertehariftlihnt an imita tioD. T anfl owwwsl.«f .-what he did. -BEe etill 'lakesthe bnadahd- arfmr intorbiA mtocadrand venerable hands, blesses and breaks, an&aays; this ismy body, aadThJgls my blood." These are words el power, and aj) their utterance the Bbty Ghost, who consecrates all things m tiie Cbnrch, makes Ohrist piesent, and m a Jniper \- natoral and imeomprebensible manner forms a eonjonction between bis aacred person and tiie elements of bread and wine, as at the incarna tion be formed in tiie virgin's womb tiie bypostatical onion between -the eternal ward ana man's natnre. I will add one more extract on-tiiis important subject. Tbe Lord's Supper jsrepresented as the "unbloody saorince,'' and concerning it Mr. Shipley asserts that—" The valm of the Bueharistw sacrifice depends upon the real presence, which connects it with tbe one sacrifice of tbe Redeemer. Christ ta truly, really, aad substantially present under tile form of bread and wine; and we offer not these i visible productions of tbe earth, but Him as our propitiation before God. Tim* doe* the real «reseao* connect oar offering with tiie ssorine* which Christ made of himself upon, the cross once for all, and which, as our priest and mediator, he coatinafs in Heaven. The offer nigs are "f*^. or rather tbem b but one offering of Ohnst upon the ems* ia Hosren, end in the Church 08-eartb. It is one and toe same oftermg,presented indifftcentways. Taesaeri notnpon the enm'■* neither repeated nor re newed; for in tiiat he died for sin he dlad once for aIL Bat the Tietim is carried iato the yrfcsaaoeofOod la Heavon, where heeontinuei the eame offering, «* she lamb abac had been «tate.aod the stat Tiettte gives hfaaasff to be pUJWirt m theHobj ■nchrrist.smd to be offered under tbe form of bread and wine.*. There isno oa*d that I abonkl xrittoslly MssamW these. aasertioas. as they arT siiffinisaQy Q«pUatt ia ■ettiog forth ,am. Um which I am desiromi yosi AowU^esriy *• to ae Mamms;throash tbe whole systemr-flus <* an external deed actually effectoatiag tiu oommunioatiori of' life and salvation. Mr. Orby Shiply's representation of ibe Lord's Supper differs ibut slightly from Oat given by RomanUta' of the £oman mass. All real objective pcesense, notiona assoeiatod with the breaking of ;tlie bread and drinking of the wine, involve this dangeroos tenet of salvation, received through 1^ partietpation of the elemetrtal mafia. Hoar1 jou believe, and believe without the shadow of a misgiving, that we have the tight conception of the Lord'aSopper, and. that we carry out this belief into practice. Ought we to be satisfied" with this? Shall weesy, Hlf others are wrong that is their fecit; itis no business of ours. I<et them get out of their mistakes themselves; ' -we seed not trouble about them." Observe that this is not a harmless matter, as indeed nothing affecting the ordinances aad truth Ohrist has left us ia unimportant. If our view of 'the ordinance be right, and if the ormnsnaa' is to cerve tbe object our Lord intended, theft it fol lows that tie ritualistic notion is not only wrong being diametrically opposed to the view ire hold, but the inculcation of this ritualistic notion cannot but be fraught .with great spiritual evils. Tbe«e considerations call np-rn us to Jive to purpose, and not merely to live for our own spiritual enjoyment, bnt to benefit <-tl:ers in trying to persuade them of the truth and of the beauty of the truth as it is in Jesus. If timf permitted, and were it needful, we mifcht track out the working of tins saafa salva tioii-procuring idea as involved in some 'mechanical action in other parts of the ritual istic system. For example, it gives to the Confessional its tremendous power. We shrink from that institute, not simply on the ground that it makes the ear and mind of tbe priest tbe receptacle of tbe full tale of man's and woman's wickedness, aor einsply-that it enable* the priest to inject into the mind by his iasuSuating questions the worst forms of sin, but that it is assumed that the priest is virtually pa—owed of the Divine prerogative of forgiveness. His ward accords the forgtvenem; his refusal with holds it. That ia a prerogative God eatrusbs to no mortal man. The evangelical section of the Episcopalian Church are hampered' in their dealing with this matter, and lorthisreasoa — that they.appeal to tbe Prayer-Book as their authority, ilow, tbe Prayer-Book is a com promise between onVaad-ont evangelicism and tbe Roman Ohurch. It bean almost in every part of it more or less distinct marks of the .Egyptian bandage whence it eame. We believe it is this cnc?mstanos which has in the last 40 years so greatly marred and weakened tbe testimony of. good Christian men in tbe Ohnrch ef England who have wished to be loyal to the full Gospel of truth. Nothing lias been more conspicuous in the constant debates which have been main rained during these forty years than the suc cessful manner in which on many points the Ritualists in appealing to the existing and to former Prayer-books have logically -shattered the arguments tff their opponents. Had Epis copal Evangelicals appealed to eoripture alone without attempting to defend their better* by the Prayer-book they-would have oeoopied a far different position in tile 'worldto-aay. The Kitualista can plead effectually that in the ser -vioeappoHrted in the Pmyer-*6ok for t& vW tatioa of the sick the power to grant the ahsdntioa is nnder eartatn conditioas plainly accorded to the priest. Many godly Bvaaettlical clergymen hare held this instraottoa of the" Prajer-book to be merelv declarative; a* we' bold.it was in the ease of tbe oiaoiple* and Peter, to whom oar Lord uttered them Words concerning absolution. Tbe Boman Chuach claims, as you know, the -full power to forgive sins through its priests. Just as ritualism devetopes «n the Epiwopaliaa Ohnreh or ; in any church to this same power is claimed with increasing boldness. We doubt not if the Englith people were deemed ripe enough'to admit of the full-blown confessional being tbrastwpsntbem, it wouU be speedily advanced with tbe nme itgoroos demands which obtain in tbe Boman Cbu?sjh. lyi^eftd the R^\m^ft Church iaq«dte logical in its pretensions and assumptions respecting this if you onee accord' toher'tb? prior elai?Mshe presents. As to what maj be looked far in the future of this colony,' ma; be inferred from a recent sermon by the Bev W. B. Stanford, the new Head-master of fit. Peter*. College. Tbe published report of this sermon, famiebea by one present, states that Mr. Stanford, in-referring to the words of absolatiam in the Prayer-boDk, asinrtria that " it was not the mere niuiweu by a«ians>f the words of abaolption thst.ehsolveda person from his sins, but it was the lact.that when a priest pronouneed tbe words it was God himself srho spoke—He bavinx tor that tiuijiow created the priestlr office by the act of Jesus Christ as the medium through which He would so speak." What could the st*-Hitwt Bomae. .Catholic say more? Thus we have, another evidence how the outward external aetnfitif a man named a, priest is deliberatelyOeplared to bejkbe mediam of ■eonveymg tte priceless blessing of the for giveness of sins. .... We attach bat comparatively small import ance-to various other famita of Bitoalism, such as.bowing the head *t certain tisaes and nnder certain conditions; not to tte turning of the face toward tbe east"at given times;nor to. genuflexions; nor to the'elevatfiMLof thejbread clemest in the Lord"* Supper j nor to the parti cular kind of millinery whjch isjfireferred to be worn; nor to the number of candle* that may be alight en what ttey term -the altar. These things aH fcave then- pTaces in-*Ws akffufly artistie and eompleto system of xMemonioos religbm, so that each apparently vsdmportant detafl derives an foaportaace -from ite place In fitting into the whole. They are inMboed to be symbolical of «ert*Sn doctrines. We most not,tnoOntemninsT these more ijrivfel matters of emamotty lom eight of the great funda mental A-**f-f* 43f the Gospel which axe assailed by Ritualism, and which in fhe propor tion that Ritualism -triumphs, are virtually de ♦^iwwmJ fcwwt riwiSg .««gy| piaiftfl in'fiuioing aad supputtiiigth? Chrfstsanlife. In what has been adaanced it will no doubt have struck you hew completely, tito?itpalistic priest is the central figure in evejy doctrine and ordinance of the system. Tmai* not of acci dent. Viewed from the human jstandpoint. the priettis both the foundation end pillar of the edifice—the keystone of the arch. The Church, as a body of belie vein, ie nowhere except as a body of people to be operated on; the priest is everywhere as the .great #£er*&or.;: T^dftis in exact accordance with the manifest inhaaiohs of the founders of the Anglican Oburcfi. ~Tho* in the ordination acivim, wnicb' is the ground work of the whole Angl?Mi «ysteni, tiie Bishop, putting,bimsalf as ttwev?,%n the plaoa tot jphnst, «nd claiming n M wopld _a*em the i~li 11111 j^n iimsaaj \mi. says,<miaying hi* hands en the bead of Um^ kaeeungoa?didatefornriestty position—"Recefve'.tbe Holy Ghoet lot the; office and wc^k'of a pries* in fte'Onuraj now' eommittoS«b th^byWiniposiUm'otoarhhnds. Whose sifts ttou 4ost forgive they are forgiven; - and' whose 4fa* ftieu d&st; tetaia «hey are retained. In ttiti**: conformity with -tills tibe same ptiest is sabiequentlydirected in visiting the eick penitent whose confession has been duly made, to say—"Bythe authority?! the Lord Jems Christ ewnmftted *o me, I absolve thee from all thy sins in tbe name of the Father, and the Son; and tiie HolyGbost. 1' *b*t file words of^tar I^^concernyig tits'foegtvotteu and re tention of sins do notmean what the 'Ritualists, both Anglican and Roman, assume they mean, is obviously manifest "from the history and writings of the ApoaOeVto Wtism these words were primarily addressed. 'There' is not eo much as a single tint either that they Imagined this language of Ohrist conferred on them tbe authority which BttaaUste find in the words, tor tiiatthey ever«ttom?tod to-put these solemn' -words to any each'ttae.' The'Apostles were empowered snthi?imulvaly4oJa%lawtfae terms, \- upon which tbe XHvme lorgiveaess would be vouchsafed or withheld, but of themselves they never dared to assume the'^prero gative ct forgiving sins. Upon the: powers' assumed to be oonferred spon the priest and upon the official status given him in and by the ordination eeremeny, the whole super- structure of Bitnalism ia virtually reared. Upon tbfs basis rise quite natqiraUv the tenets of Ritualistic baptism, confession, absolution, and the sacramental Real Presence. So also tbe greatest sties* is laid upon the- title —Priest.' And this, notwithstanding that' Peter has iso distinctly declared that the only priesthood which Tie recognised was that spiritual prieit . hood common to all believers, and who consti tute a holy priesthood who are to offer up spiritual •acrinees acceptable to God -by Jesus Christ. This " royal priesthood " isthe common heritage of all bona fide Ohriatia&B;, and bin no respect peculiar toaobassof men upon whose heads a Utiedofficcr has imposed his hands. By the most positive voice of inspiration believers an eofenmly deriared to be?* Ki^gs and priesta onto God." Heaoeweate all re sponsible m «v degree Air aurying forward the ministration of Ohrisf* trath in tbe world. We are eacb and all to muriate at thespiriteal alter of revealed troth. I shall have saisasil my objeeHf I leave yon with tbennpresshm that BituaSsm is a system easily rebutted and of •sperfieial oonsequenee. There is a long jandJiard battle to be fought with?jsaaliam in this lead. This arisesfrom tbe feet that tt feoofly ajpptalgtp someftu>*** Had?sU inCaliifcMOflaf aVbd OlMM)wtl*asUal Ok' QSIB utnte. BttuMsMTtsetf invoftcsa?sjn«k principle; the. >rtin]ar foras H Wres on to4ay may{be changed to-morrow; ite outwaroV-phases ajay vary in <mfrestJ(msuKibtm t^ai.^im p^a^plTl remain!. What^4fcp.prindple7 Tneprownta tion to the hnmaaJaaart of something external and tangible *?d (dafaiangnKrioaa authority, upon which reliance pin be placed for salvation. Whatever religious jystein can do this with a faireJesneof pteusilaiiiy has a powerful lever to work lor the attainment of a certain kind, of success. ThU.is what Bttaalism ■*ata;ttaelf - to At. Hence, ini power -*is norAo be despised. "We ate aomettmea astonished that duty "to enquire carefully into -the causes,of •net fervent adhesions to the canas of B&al;&m; which we are oosstaaMy. witoearing, and which give it aomachJuDor andceZof in the eyes of men. It is wise to learn torn. osr;Op?Oqoats. Permit me to furmjshyou with a few state mentaof Dr. Littfadale, an eminent Bitualirt of. LonoVit^ who faas done not a little "to help forward the cause of Bitualiim. In a letter in ' the Spectator of -May. SI, 1879, Dr. Ldttiedale • write of wfaatis oaiM the <JathoHcjrerim!, that it la marked by-," these characteristics— - devotion (realisation of the supernatural) and ' •elMorgetfalnt«s-as trail rf which Barter ' tanti&AU; markedly aeSAentr As tocUjjrotiOtt,; hepointa'ontr that'oae'verf Boarked feature'of -1 the ritualistic movement fau been the revival of old and. forgotten" book* of deration,' the' adaptation of some of die beat JKoman 'books, and the .production of new ones in great variety and aftcoit coontlea numbeis. Tha gaper - naturalism, he asserts,. is specially identi- | Bed with the two sacraments of Baptism and ' tbe Eoeharist. Then as to the flexibility of Bitualism, Mr. litUedale remarks: that its guild?, confraternities, bare and -sternly simple mission services, united with J«reat atstelineas on other oooM} nnm l aU^make for freaSom and variety. Bitualism is, we can clearly see, a • great movement. It Is a mistake to imagine that it is mainly a question of millinery, or of mnsiCrOr of a particular stole of ceremony. It - has sprung from ft principle. We believe this .principle is a wrong one, but it is a strong one. ' The" whole genius of the Qospel, a* we under stand it, is entirelj against men potting the least relianoe for salvation npqn any cere- -j monioos acts or npon any class of. persons coming between-them and God. X think we do" well to learn more adequately to appreciate the zeal, the self -denial, the thorough belief which < characterise many Bitaalists. These seem to be' ' the dements which, in their full degree, the Christian Otmrches ate sadly lacking at the present time. Onr possession of the pure truth of Jesus should inspire us with, a Mid worthy of the truth «aetfj our devotion does not require for its nourishment Bftualistic appointments to sustain its life; our Ohristi*n ; ■ Churches ought io posseas fa much flexibility* as the moat fervid Bftuslist could desire. Above all, we have the Holy.. Spirit u the great and gracious inspn-er of Ottr .individual sstats,aaid of allour Churehes. let us fiKD brace oonel«M up [to loyalty to CHttfefs tmttL to fresh ser- ■ vice and consecration to the Vasfaris cause.' There is much neea for this.' I trust that onr' present oonsidwufiflCof tixls fbeme.'t&aT; contri*1 ~ bute toward grrmguveach'a new inspiration to . live and apeak forOhrist; - ' The reverend gajHemaa was beaciily ap plauded dartng. the de&recvof; ti? lecture. a«d at its cofaelunoo -tte nwifMiir^ showed their appreciation by louft and jsontinued applause* ■ fi? KevlW. <h^M:willhere was so.tine towxpiaas-opinio?S on the «aaresi%hat creating, but be.haditt doubt flwt at the mefetinjto be a^d««4befollmric«4av«kaa?.«rbfl mwpre sent would expwastheir pleasure at having list?^t?aieaddw«s,«ia£earMlrt*ankthair.. Chauxuftn for liu^BDaUent prodoctiaoL. . Th?CHAnatAjr pmwwncad beaedtetiop, and lint meetipg cioaed. . ■•. '. ■■ „ To-day prayer And busineu meetings are to be held, and in the evening a Oommoniou ser vice will be conducted. . 