? Meeting at Si. John's, Kent-Street. After the 9 o'clock Mass on Sunday last, a very largely attended meeting of the Catholics of St. John's, Kent-stroot, was held in the schoolroom to protest against the Education Bill now beforo the Legislature. Father Mahony occu pied the chair, and delivered a lengthy address, which wo havo boon obliged to condense, review the bill. He said : My friends, we have met this morning to oxer cieo our undoubted rights as citizens, howev.or humble, to proclaim our principles as Catholico, howoverj Blighted, and to unite with];our co religionists throughout tho colony in solemnly Bill now boforo our Parliament. It will, there fore, bo Gcen at {[a glanco that ours is to-day a great responsibility, and that as a consequence we ought calmly, yet boldly, stato what are our con victions, severely examine the objections that havo been raised against our just demands, and criti cally expose the oppreasive clauses of the afore Baid Bill, that so we may deliberately resolve to exhaust every constitutional means in opposition to it, and should it become law, not to relax our efforts untilit bo amended or repealed. 4': * :j !Tko following is a proposition condemned by ono whom wo reverenced and obeyed as Christ's vicar on earth, and supreme visible head of our Church : 'Catholics can approve of that system of educa tion for youth which is separated from tho Catholic faith or tho Church's power.' That proposition wa3 condemned by tho late Confessor Pontiff Pius IX., and wo to- day condemn it and shall continue to do so. '; :;: ' But lot U3 examine some of tho clauses of tliig Parkes' Bill. According to clause 3, all the teachers and officers shall bo ' Civil servants of tho Crown' — appointed or dismissed without reference to priest or parson — not even a certifi cate of good conduct required by it. They might bo Freethinkers or Glassites. I think this vory fact brings it under the condemned propositions above quoted, especially when .such teach era are bound by clause 7 to give ' general religious inotruction,' including ' lessons in tho history of England.' O, ghosts of Henry, Elizabeth, and Mary ! Catholic fathers, Catholic mothers, will you entrust your children to such teachers under euch circumstances ? Who can doubt but such schools will be the ' seed-plots of infidelity ?' But clause 15 provides that not less than an hour each day ' shall be set apart, when the children of any one religious persuasion may be instructed by tho clergyman or other religious teacher of such persuasion ' — even in a class-room specially erected for the purpose, if there be fifty pupils in attendance, according to clause li. But then that hour must be agreed upon by the various teachers and ministers. How ridiculous ! Just imagine Canon Morton and a Jesuit at one of our Woolloomooloo Public schools. It would be a funny picture. The pupils would be edified listening to the worthy Canon expatiating on the virtues of Henry and the infamy of Loyola. Charity would be perfected in those boys of tho Canon's — they would never insult or sneer at a Jesuit as he passed them to instruct his own. Of course they would not ! Neither would they taunt tho Jesuit's pupils. Of course they would not, after hearing the Canon roar ! Charity would be supreme. But where fifty pupils are not in attendance, and this must be in many parts of tho country, what about this special Class-room for religious instruction ? There is no provision for any. Forty- nine children are not to hare their religious feelings respected, but fifty will. Certainly that is leaving the forty-nine with a vengeance, and seeking the absent one. Again, in tho bush, where one priest has fifty, sixty, aye sometimes 100, nay even 300 square miles under his jurisdiction, how often can he attend tho Public schools of his district there to impart religious instruction ? How often ? Manifestly, this iniquitous Bill would compel him. to hand over tho ' little ones ' to those " Civil servants of the Crown' before referred t), and no doubt their faith would be streng thened by tho ' general religious instruction ' and ' History of England lessons ' of clause 7. Catholic fathers, do you believe it ? Catholic fathers, will you allow it ? Can you not already see tho ' Ghost' of the ' Scavenger's Daughter?' Bless yourselves ! Bless your children !! But it has been said the deficiency of the day schools can be made good at Sunday school and by tho domestic hearth. What! Talk of Sunday school in tho bush. Besides, would those who speak so be satisfied with the music teachers who could gi?e thoir daughters one hour's practice on the piano every week ? Anyone who knows the cir cumstances of our poor people knows this much, that though they were able — and many of them are not — they have not the time or opportunities for imparting the necessary religious instruction. As a consequence, if the children of those parents do not receive such instruction at school they shall not receive it at all. Under these circumstances 'infidelity and lawlessness' cannot bo far off. Again it has been said the State should not pay for religious instruction. What is 'the State?' Are one-third of the population a fraction of it ? If so, where is tho justice in forcing them to pay for what they can't receive ? Tho 10,000 chil dren boasted of as going to tho present Public schools would be decimated if the children of teachers in those schools, tho children who have no other schools in their neighbourhood, and the children of our ' bad Catholics hut good citizens ' were deducted therefrom. But worse is to happen. ' The State,' as represented by Sir Henry Parkes and his followers, is not only going to pay for religious instruction, but actually going to erect oratories in every Public school where fifty children attend ; even though it knows one-third of the population, one-third of tho tax-payers cannot embrace tho opportunities afforded, and must in consequence tax them selves again for the support of schools of their own choosing. Is this justice ? Is it states manship ? Will thoro be no expense in building those oratories of clause 14 ? Will there be no expense in building additional Public sohools if the other denominations close up theirs— -we shall not. Will there bo no expense in purchasing schools according to clause 29 ? And this appears to bo the ' glaring atrocity ' clause of this infamous Bill. 'Tho State' pledged itself to you twelve or fourteen years ago that if you built and fur nished schools, it would pay your teachers. Relying on this truth, you of your poverty have built in this parish two schools at the cost of £2500._ Now, what comes to you from tho State ? Repudiation ! I might almost say confiscation ! Your schools are to be closed within three years — and even though you were willing to sell under clause 29, think you that the Government would buy your small schools, however neat — especially as they are within a gun shot of that palace in Sussex-street ; or that other one on which I am now looking towering over the waters of Black wattle Swamp — on the rocks at Ultimo ? No, they would be at onco declared in the words of this Bill as not ' suitable for the purposes of a Public School.' What, then, are you to do ? This ghost of the ' Scavenger's daughter ' will doprivo you of every chance — as far at all events as it can — of keeping your schools open to your children. For it reduces by clause ll the weekly fee3 to 3d. for each child in the ' Civil servants of tho Crown ' schools — for which sum you can not secure the services of teachers not assisted by tho State. Could hatred more ingeniously plot our ruin — the ruin of your children '? You must either educate them in these highly favoured schools — where ' Civil ser vants of the Crown ' are obliged to give ' general religious teaching and lessons in the history of England,' or exhaust your generosity in opposition to ' State ' tyranny. This being the case, what wonder is it that the Catholics of the colony are to-day excited — that they are to day pledging once more their allegiance to their Archbishop and Bishops — to their Church — their children, and their God ? What wonder is it that the representatives of 200,000 people are to-day determined to make their voices heard in Parliament high above the bawlings, abuse, and blasphemies of recreants and traitors. Aye, and determined to continue to do so till justice be done them. Politicals, pause ! Do not allow yourselves to be carried down the stream of bigotry. Do not legislate in passion. Let reason resume her sway. You cannot afford to make disloyal or discon tented 200,000 of your fellow-citizens. The prosperity of the country, tho hopes of this colony forbid it. The petitions with which your table shall groan during the ensuing week shall prove that what I say is true, notwithstanding the protestations of ' representative Catholics ' who mako ' Protestant speeches.' The speech was cheered throughout. Mr. James Horan then proposed the following resolution, viz. : — ' We, the parishioners of St. John's, hereby cordially pledge ourselves to co operate with our co- religionists throughout the colony in entering solemn protests against the Education Bill at present before Parliament, and declare that nothing less than ' payment by results ' can satisfy our just demands.' He spoke at considerable length, and urged the Catholics to agitate and not rest until the prayer of the petition they were signing was granted. The aim of the politicians was to separate the people from the priest with a view to weaken our cause, but that they could not do. A great war of infidelity was sweeping over this fair land, try ing to engulph us, and our duty was to stand united and resist it, and resist we would in the end. In conclusion he called upon them all to stand by his Grace the Archbishop and assist him in the great battle he was so ably fighting. Mr. E. Farrell seconded the resolution, and said, — Rev. chairman and fellow Catholics, in seconding the resolution moved by Mr. Horan, it requires no advocacy on my part to influence you Catholics to support it. The very speeches made by a few so-called recreant Catholics in the Assembly during tho week, ought to be a sufficient reason to make you do so. Had these men valued their religious convictions they would not in the hour of need have showed themselves cowards, afraid of their convictions. Two of these men he knew in the Maitland district, and from what he knew of them he was not vory much surprised at what they had said and done. What ho com plained of was that they should be put down or designated as Catholics at all. The resolution on being put, was carried unani mously. Mr. Bell proposed the second resolution as follows — ' That in proof of our sincority and de termination in this matter we at once petition Parliament, and use every other constitutional means to oppose said bill at every stage, and pledge ourselves never to support any member who by his voice, vote, or absence refuses 10 recognize our iu.wj.iu uiiuluh. jo.u sup ported the resolution in a very practical speech and quoted largely from Pope Leo XIII., Bishop Moorhouse, Bishop Barker, and several other eminent authorities to prove tho necessity for a religious education. He denounced tho so-called Catholic members of tho House, who had supported the Bill, and spoko in glowing terms of Mr. O'Connor, who had the courage of his convictions and had made a noble stand in the House against this obnoxious Bill. Tho resolution was seconded by Mr. Mooney, and carried unanimously. Mr. J. J. Monaghan proposod, and Mr. J. F. Punch seconded, a vote of thanks to tho chairman, which was carried with acclamation. Father Mahony, in returning his cordial thanks, urged them, as their forefathers did for 300 years, never to cease agitating until they gained their just rights. He also took tho opportunity of complimenting Mr. O'Connor on his very able speech, and the name of Mr. O'Connor was re ceived with prolonged cheers. The mooting then terminated. 