C1URCII OF ENGLAND SYNOD. i Tri first session of the faurth synod of thi ilioc'~es of Goulnburi commenced its 'sittings yesterday in the hall of' the mechanics' institute. Divino servico was liold in St. Siviour's pro Cathedral at olovon o'clock. The Prosident (the Right Rloverend the Lord Bishop of Opulburn) took :the chair at threeoop.m. nsd opened the proeoadings with prayer. Tho names of the clerical represeaattves .were than called over and tho'iollowing:answueso to i.ii namos :--Tho Venerablo ArchdoaconsJ9o dicomlh B.D. (Gonlburn) , Pownall B.D. (Wagga), nut Evans. Jonus (Douiliqulm; Canons .mAtit - u?b? , I)rnitt (Coomna), oar os (ooulburn West), GwS)lou Il.A. (Iurxrow) ; The oRev. J. M.: Waur Yotng; W. H. II. Yarringtou B.A., Yass; A.:i,. ks, Albury; S. B. Holt, Gundugni; G. Spnger, Tu alt; 'J. H1. Williams, Binda;: G. SBares,:Jojedogick E. G. Pvrco B.A., Braidwood; W. Anderson, T go ; and Chas. Kinugemill, Gunaning. The nanles of the lay representatives .wre then called and thu following resliouded :-Adlolouy J. Thornton, W.F. Boogling; Albury, T. H. Matd, J.' S. Hayes; Binds, Wan. Mo Donald, Edwd.ýSoaman; Bombala, John Bouachr,' Andrew Gibson; Brnid.' wood, It. Maddrell, R. M. Claphlun; Bungendoro, J. M,. Atkinson, E. IB. Lawn; Bnugonia, G. Brooke, H.'V. ,Prooter; Burrowa, .H H. Vo?us; Caublrra, W. Davis; Doniliqnin, T. Trnuor; Goaul horn, W. Couolly,,K. Maeolillar, A. ?W. Roso; Gouliurn North atids Kippilaw, George Martyr, W. A. A.hisholm; Goulburn West, A. M. Betts; Guudagai, "G ' Gregory;: ?uning and' Collctor; J. F. Kunyon;, Bobt. Beit; Ktunoruka and Eden, H. . Oldsmith ; Morayn, ''G. Murphy; RI. Conolly;. MIrru?nhburrah, `W. J. Wilson; -W. 0.. Harris Queaboyanu W. "' G" O'Nolll, A.' W.' "Gabriel Taiamgo,' J. Cropper, V. B. Hall; Tumut, O. Nor man; Waegga Wagan, T. Lewis,HR. Zouchi; TYas, J.: F. Castleo Young, T. .. G. Pookliy.i . The Hon.(Charles Campbell took his seat inviituen of his oflicoas chancollor of the diocese. SThe Presaident theno proceeded toroead the follow. logADDR .S ' ' On tlio"ioth De0s(iubr,' 1878;° th" Motrmqmolitan Bishop of Sydney announced that.ho intended' to summon the provincial; synod, of N.S.W. to'meet` in Sydney iii July of this'iear, and aocordiiigljr on the 1'lth'of May ho issubd the suinmons for tho 1st of that m~ionthl; whdroeipon tho stanuding 'oommittoo of the dioceso of'-Goulbnrn roqubsted a postponement. of the same.for. obvious reasons until the present month of Spteomber,- and on thed 1st of May the ,mntropolitan oflloially annhounced by letter that ho had complied with the request.' On the 7th of Adigust Ircuii'ed the second omfiial summons to attend the provincial synod on tho 9th of. September, togdtliocr withi rnprosontativc 'of the synod of this dioceso. Having discovered that tlh lay representatives of orirthird synod lhad been, elected chiefly in the lmonth of Anugst,,187ti, sand believing, from a printed dociulent snpplied.by tho honorary secretary of the standing committee, that such syno0ivould- lapse by etflaxion.of timna..in. the. begiunning of September, I c nsulted our learned ehanucellor and others.:'- Thu result" wa', that in. accordaoeei iith: the seoond constitution :(which egqutis that "a. nowm'synod sahll be elected and convened at least onco in thleei yars,'") I 'decided to irsuo the eletionuu papers for a now synod of this diocesi oloitt3elay. Tlii§s ipliiiatidin illI'Ttrst;" remCov misaipprehensions which had perplexed the mniiids of someo of bur friends in rjIernco to' recint proeecdling. Twently.siith Consthtutiou. Tho anod will beo itntiiad to elect ipreoenltati'es to 'tha provincial synod; remoiouleringthe otwouty-sixtlih constitution that the nuniber of Iav ropresentatives shall not be score than thrice the number'of clurical. representa. tires,' nod also a' resolutioh, of the rfit -provincial, sy'nod that the iumber hsalFInot be legis.thai?' sirnor more than ton of each erder. ." ". .. Ntices of Motion.- The sti~u ding committee, which his msol uG inkl rvn;~oimlici omilti l iit o favoured and with a"; printed paper 'dated 18th August suplilniug copies of,," notices of Imotion" re. coived trom mombers of the synod.' Thlics 'arigyin importance, andr somo'.of. them' will reqiulr grove considelration. Tmhe, comprise the following subjects 'proposed -for 'discussion, viz.:-- Appointment of fntur bishop of this seet. thel education of future clergy, tho dogmialid i?ilhlgious hit~tictiotion' the children of our Suidny-d.schools the' formnation of, a Golbhurn Dioeosan Temperance Sociefy, makihg provision foridisabled clermy and for the widows anid orphans of clerg, annuual statistica returns: from the better defining of the bonudaries of parochial districts, the education question and the public schools, the duty of appointing a colporteur to act as??:techist, also the appointineit of fiitnti iiiti?ui" bents, and other matters of a more local nature. Visitation.-But before entering upon a discussion of any of these subjects I.voutl erave your iudulg. cues while 1' e ieavoui' to 'fernishl'information re specting my recent jonurnoys 'of.:visitation and the onreal condition, ansd mon+ress of the dinr?es. Sinel theo Ist session I havo- minutely od i laborionsly visited tlhe whole diocess, and I am mostl thankful to thi Great Head of the Church to be in a position o'report favorably of the labors otmy brothren, the dclergy. Sigu of progress re manifest'in rdmost overy pi-ish and par?chiai district., In November,, 187T, I traelled over. a portion of the diocesa sonth nud west 'adand orth' of Gonlbrn. In February, Mnebih,and: April, 1877, thi visitation was extended to Mansro, and the coast district from Eden towards Point Upright, In those two years tho entire diocess was examined; for it will be rememberedl that the extreme west had becn travcrsed in March, April, MaIy, ? d. part of June, 1876, involving altogethcr toilsome and in some instances perilous jonrneys of 3091 miles. In the conrs-o of these, twenty.tlree confirnutions we.r held, two clurches and two cemeteries consetrated, 'eihit new parsonnges nn.l sixteen new chlurches inspected, anid rscheme s initi ated for the building of sixteen other chlnurlhs. In the years 18IS-9 all the npaisihes in thie coucties of Ar.vle, n:'rdln. Clhunindlhn, Liaccleuch, and Wy\n yard were s;rvecyed. as well as tlh wlhole of what is ipopularly termed liiierina, tile nggei-gato distance Iraeleled being I355 mil?s. It was noticeaMle tha-t thlroughl the ::al of tihe clergy tihe visitationi was mcimntely carriedl inlto every crnTer of each district. And at tice close of each paclchia:cl inspeCtion the clerlgycanllc, solmcecllht xllusto?led, wsee fonld to Ilneed I'?st; wlhilo tile Iishop Icod to jourlccey onwarld to tile nleIt pairish and tlherr to purslcu hIis labors for macny wcet-,. hi this secondl division three lhurchlcs anal fourtle'i ctllciotrifes wrcs ceonscecraitcd, cnlld tha total ccccnccbcr 1of )ctcrc:ons conltiuclllcd was 1771. 1 foundc theic clergy gcLerarlly loilincg faithfully in their mis. i-ci'iu'v.y wre'i, and cinnvy el thlec ;.re?.:'lt- ehchr.,d lv thle niil'etionato co.perr.tion of tlihe laity. in nil OeLsc, I lltcay ,c:Ic th1l'c- w5 I healthyc-ic and st~ledy liio;rci'Bls in seD 'le part otl e-ich cllissioll distrirt ; CCni ov'l'ywvlr lll nssistcd in l1hc dillliclties i( thli joirnceycl. tienotautl oncdition if thlIe l)iccese.--Thc gieneral o cllnliti, ln f h liote'.cSe icn inccrked- ly pri'rcIessI, lcllt it tcllc ictino tu llnn t ot l seclll, io:,oint< Isn' oxnecri.iiL'd tlih Itillih nul lcaltienc of tlhe fricnil o( tlhe chrclh on clc!ocictct of dctinicliliihccdc icconnc'e, bOlllccitcyi o lonceOy, milll iconieuniiticcit thlctlnctc O n thlc icic rt of slonie Ic conililtlllco lcrlgely Icy rel'icon of tlio unccorltlinty of tlhe (ltilltr. c [ot tu I hop cltcd irty l c tlut tih 1 cIr!ii.l nioroy of todi ill itctllyinlt ceic lluitnicilnl rainc tlhic cprcintg vwll ntoliiovcc iilliny I looiccy idollBts incl oilln thell Ohearts of flioticid to devise liboral thiiIngs lit tlhe caoUs of ft olttirh of 0hrlist lUiid tihe ittiiloutsttion of His servants. We have thirty-four oi" rather thirty-fivo licensed clergy; and parsonage.houses have boon provided for all the parochial clergy except six, but in the ease of threo of theso some progress. has boon made with building schemes. We' have four licensed readers, who are I trust doing a good icorlt nider the direct oonitrol of the seteral clergy .with whom they labor. _Two parishes have recently boeomo vacant, and four districts ntist orb long be subdivided, for applications have. been made for the subdivision of several of them. The diocese pose. sossos ninety-three churches, of which nine were in existence before my. first arrival in the colony. More than one-third. of our churches would be a credit to any diocese. We also possess twenty-uine parsolnge.honsee,'ninetoon schoolhouseos and. four. toen teachers' residences. According to a return (kindly made by tho.clergy on a reoocnt occasion and comupared in.lart -with a, smimilar return. couirteously furnished by the registrar.gonoral) there are in; the diocese 11,034 sittihgs' in our churches jnTd chapels, with an average attendance of worshippers of 6718, besides 8818 worshippers at various stationsl-i.e., 10,54I in all.. There are 3978 scholars on the regis ters;:f our Sunday.sohbols, with an average attend aueo of 2890.' When the v?ast extent of the diocese iseoensidored'it is'no wonder that some of the clergy have had districts of 10,000 square miles, while the average area still is about 2400 stuare`milese which . area they traverse regularly and systematically in order to carry the ministrations of the gospel to their scattered dloks.:' On the averae of the whlolo diocese there are about 2700 soulas to each clergy. nman. It is manifest hereftherefr'tat each clergyma has3..:5 most laborious Ltask ;, and. that, iftwO :were blessed with twenty more cloigymen and could main. tain them,oneach .would be much overtaskod in his work-. -We also, need more churches ; and if. thirty others could be erected in the next few years, eoven' .this increase would :scarcely keep pace witli ,the growth of the population. If. we possessed accurate statistical returns front overy parlsh,"we "should obtain a tabular view of ovrythliu .relativo t the extbut asndprogress of the diocd.sb' /Cathedralm-- ut I niust niot omit tb;refer to St. Saviour's Cathedral, .which is gradually rising in Goulburn. It is generally aclknoutodgod that the .building will boan ornament to.the city ; .lot us'pray that it may also become a blessing to the sliole diocese. For a cathedrtil it is a biulding of thioderto dimimsions; boing, I belieove some two to thusad foot smaller than thateof St. Andrew's, Sydney. It is -hiasto':and simple, And reflects creditl upon' the designor and all dnceerned in its erection. Con isidorabls s?Uisn have leen violiantarily cointfibsited in England by my personal friends, and the same ini iGolburn as well as i'i the ieighborhood., ?e are also under very special obligations to goentlemoi nt a distance, who with commendable generosity com bined d'ith friends in this immediate vicinity to raise £2200 wheno challenged by a member of .this synod, Dr. Campbell of Yass. He nobly offered to give £200 if ten others would imitate his example. They nobly. obeyed' the onll:. Tie wliole Seum was raised inl a! few mbntlis, and all has by this time been well and truly exponded upon 'the building. And now alas the coffers of' the treasurer of the biiilding committee are emirpty; and we need another Dr. Campbeoll to.ome toour rescue with a similar movement. iWe are.already indebted to the Hen. J.. Campbell of. Sydilb (one of the above tenl con tributors of £200 each) for another sum of £300 with a promise of two more £100 to follow by in stalmests: to: our, worthy chancellor for £300, and to tlhe laird of Dil ntroon for £100, so that we shall owed a debt 'of losting gratitude 'to the Campbell family for the noble benefaction of at least £1100 in all. May I also publicly express our heartfelt `gratitude to Meos-s;Bouichor, Browne, Castle, the Chlisholm family, Douglas, Gibson family, Hayes, Joplin, Mate, MIaolellar, lossi, Watson, and Mrs. Coghill, some of: whom have contributed £200 each -none loss than £100-and some even as much :as £160. May. I hopl; that, as all the money received ky thei treasureor.has been expended, we may soon heoar of some generous offer to start us again with fresh contrapts whereby we may soon realize the joy of having thi building completed and paid for. Church Society.-There is another subject which I cannot pass over ins silenco. I mean our excellent Church Society - which greatly needs the extended support of dtill the' members of ouer church' in the dioceso. A former synod on the 11th September, 1872, expressed a hope that the bishop would ap ,point a clerical organizing secretary in connection with the Church Society whenover a clergyman could be found able and willing to uindertako the duties, at such an adequate salary as the Church Society might be able to arrange. Thus authorised ma-d acting in concert with the counmitteo of the so ciety, I had the satisfaction of :sipointing our well tried friend Canon Soares in Januasrv, 1877. Yous knowt with what self-denying diligence lihe has ore than once traversed our vast territory for the pur pose of inciting all, clergy and laity alike, to sup port this indispensable institution. It is, I believe, a spooial duty of this synod now to consider the practical result of their own ro?olution. The general fund has. been very much augmented by the exertions of Canon Soares. But I learn from himi that whereas he Imderstoodlhis duty would bhe to assist the clergy asid others to form and foster the growth o aunnxili 'iriea';tc. be has been left in too many instances to do the work single- handed in the parishes, as though tlib'clergy had little or notlhing to do but allow hlin ree scoph to act by hlimself and to leave the whole of the work entirely in his hands. He niatisally inquires whether thlis is not an entire misconception of his office and duties. Let us hopei tl sat henceforth the clergy and the laity of the difftTerent parislhes will employ our frienid not as a substitulte for their own services, but as a fellow-worker in the sanme field. The pro sent consequence of the above method of proccdure is this, that the society is, and is likely to be, largely in debt to the bank, or else the alternative must be adopited of withholding the custosmary grants at the end of the present quarter, simply to the lacklt of funds. Money for such a purpose ought to bs:be-. towed 'lby all the ' members of our communion from a sense of gratitude and obligation to God, and ?rons a desire to strengthen the church of Christ, and to benefit the souls for whom he died. Colporteur.-A very important movement has re cently been made in connection with the Church Soeiely, viz., the establishment or a system of col portage for theopurpose of distributing in tile interior Christian bhooks which are much required every 'wlhere "A" colporteur, Mr. T. Wood,'has been ap pointed; a waggon, horses, and books have been pro vided fu'dr'tthe diirotionr of the bishop and of the Yen. Arehdeaeoui Poirnall, ti :whom we are deeply indebted for having kindly undertaken the onerous task of organising the system .and "superintending the agent.. .The means required for its sustentation are supplied by Christian ladics and others in Eng laid, thtrough Mrs. Thomas, who in fact originated tho idea. '?lshed English friends annually furnish ikontributions of iroit for thie benefit of the diocese. It :is rlsroable ihat a sum of less thanm £250 will suffice for tse firat outlay. Mr. Wool's prelimi nary report is encouraging. i He has beenu enabled to sell a considerable. numnber of bibles., prayer.books, hymun-boo'is, ans of useful and religious books,. of whicb hie carries a great assortment, as swell as books for tbs youneg. A plurogress reprt will, I tnrst, be pre~sented by onrkind fricaud Archdeascon Pownall. You will no doubt anticipate that the colportcur is aithoirised by the bishop lo condoct services whelr tver paetica.ble on hIis travels, under the sanction of the clergy. Chiueeso .,ission.-As a dioceso we havIo been to somse extent remisi in the w.rk f evanr:gli;:ing the hsethens in our midstl. Siome effort shols un doiubtetly be made the more systematically to bring the Chinese 1o tie knowldgle of the gF.iSel. A schemo has been proposed for tlis purpo.se, and wsill I tnrst be laid bcorse the synod during the premsent session. Arehldeacosn Pownall r'cestli aldressed a letter to me on the subject. At myi re.iuest hlo hIas been good enough to Ilave it priuted for circsulatiun. Sustentation of the Clcry.-- I learn from lthe uoticcs of motion as well as fron an itimolatIon from a clerical membeu r thait it is proposed to inltrodce "aLn anoesded sustest-atisn order." The subljcc it important; but all questions relatig to itS~ de. tiils require t o be cn" enref ull weighedl an:d f ilted, beceuse at tlhe varyins ciheiumstausces [of our ldiiTerent tp rich ca, o f w h ic ,h o l ," tuo i t ? l e it ?o t io actually selfsipiortisis,. There are only two parishes whiell sustains ticir !cerg' sy rvoliutary contributions without any extrals eous aid. Liow few are cmluplctelv siri:anuis-l and :settled, ipo?s!seissing a suitable church cosssecrated anod a connsodaious par ,oneigo and sclhoollouso ist-e of cdebt, and baving a well-detined iousdars. The great majority are rather to be r'garhdt'l ns missiionary distiricis in a tnisition stalte. It would in msy opinioni be vrcy dsliicult practicaily toi work a diocess of suchd a clsrietcer unider trinigent roles asid rcgsslations, wisich might bo Olsplicahle only to isolated case.s. Appoiintment of Clersgy-.-The verv impsortanit and -in a diocese eluch as thlisi-.ory diilnielt qusestion of Iruviidinig clergyens n for our Iparishces is to be sub Inited for our consideration. And I see that it is prlpopsed to frame an onlinanco for regulating the appointment of clergymen to vacant cures. Not being aware of the nature of the proposal which is to be made, I can only say that very much may be said on both"sides. Information will doubtless be furnished which may be valuable in assisting us to form a judgment as to what may be most suitable for this diocese under present circunstances and in its present condition. Appointments of Future Bishops.-Another sub ject of. great interest is the appointment of future bishops to this see. After an experience more or less intimate and extending over a period of nearly thirty years, in matters connected with this ques tion, I am myself ,firmly persuaded that the wisest courso-will be to- adhere to the course pursued at the last synod; and to delegate the nomination as heroto fore-if it be necessary at least again to re.opon the subject-to the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London. But the matteris some. what personal and delicate, and I abstain at this stage from offering any further observations thereon. Disabled Clergymenu.--Our synods have often dis cussed the duty of providing for the supplort of die abled clergymen and the' widows and orphans of clergymen of this diocese. On this occasion I should be thankful if we could arrive at some practical conclusion by agreeing to a system derived from ascertained results in other dioceses. It will be my duty and privilege to encourage a well-devised scheme to the utmost extent of my ability. The difficulties in our way will diminish in proportion to the growth of the diocese and the multiplication of clergymen. In England however I am not aware that any diocese has attempted to form an in dependent scheme for itself. But various institutions exist open to all the clergy of the kingdom. Numn hers alone give stability, while paucity of members will nullify our offorts. E?ducation of Clergy.-The proposal'which is to be made to limit the choice of candidates for holy orders to, such persons as shall. have passed two years at St. Paul's College in the University, or at some other recognised University, seems to me to be a direct interference with the prerogatives and respoinsibilities of the ofice of the bishop. I could niit thbief6rot submit to be in any manner restrained in a matter of such vital importance to the future welfare'of the diocese. At the same time I should be thankful to have tmen who had passed with credit through the University course; but that is a very different thing from being obliged to accept none other. There is anotlher college in the colony connected with the Church of England. I mean Moore College, which moro immediately appears to belong to the diocese of Sydney and is under the control of the metropolitan bishop, though it is available for students from other dioceses. The theological career at the University of Cambridge of the recently appointed principal is a guarantee of the efficiency of the college. There can be no doubt therefore that a student who, under existing circumstances, has been a successful scholar at St. Paul's and has lilowise passed favourably through the prescribed course of theological study at Moore College, may be expected, if at least lihe be a man of industry and of average ability, to gain a considerable mass of well digested and valuable information, and if ordained to become a "priest whose lips should keep know ledge." Generally it may be said that very few who desire to become candidates for the ministry possess resources adequate to the expenses of a col legiate career. If a suflicient permanent fund were created to enable eligible students to profit by such an arrangement it would he an invaluable boon to the diocese and a great relief to the bishop. But if the sources of the supply be uncertain and precarious tihe result would most probably be this, that the bishop would be left to bear tile burdlen personally out of his own scanty income, or else that promising students might be deprived of their privilege in the midst of a hopeful college career. But suffer me to add that however necessary learning and knowledge and mental training may be, and they are most invaluable in connection with our sacred ministry, there are even higher qualifica tionswhicdh in.conjunction with these are essentially necessary to constitute a successful ministry. The importance of securing men of acknowledged personal piety and high chlract. r as well as of competent learning must stand pre-eminent. A man we in his own soul is ignorant of the power and light of the Holy Spirit, who is a staunger to the constraining power of the love of Christ on his own heart, who has never felt the innate evil of sin, and has never enjoyed the peace of God springing fromt a con viction that all repented sis has boon washed away in the precious blood, is not likely, however learned a graduate he might e, toi become a trne minister of Christ in our Church of England. By her wise ar raugement every man who offers himself for the sacred ministry is carefully examined before the congregation whether lie trsts tlhat lhe is inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him this office and ministration. This is the primary quali fication; but next to this, ancd subordinato to this alone, is the other question of adequatto learning and collegiate education. When an unlecarned preacher once said to a clergyman "God does not need all your lea.rning," the obvious reply w:?s " neither does God requiro your iguoransc." God forbid that we should undervalue learning. Practically no doubt there is a ditliculty in persuading eligible and pious graduates in the church at home to come forth to these distant colonies as missiouaries in the church of God. And amongst candidates in the colony men of education are more frequently met with thanl men of piety. When there is siuficient evidence of both we - are thankful to avail ourselves of their services. But a celebrated bishop of our church once said, "a great measaro of piety with a wery small proportion of learning will carry one a great way." Nevertheless the true preparations for an elticient ministry are unquestionably habits of general studSy, the special study of the holy scriptures, lhabits of special prayer and practical employment in the cure of souls, whereas the absesse of the divino inward call is and ever will be an utter cause of failure in the Christian ministry. Tempernce.--It is in my judgment a diuty in cumbent upon every memlsbler of the Church of Eng. land to encourage to the utmost of his ability the cause of temperance, and I shall hail with thankful ness the formation of a branch of the Church of England '.Tesmperance Society in the diocese. The select conmmittee of the House of Loris on inthes. permnce has published a most instructive and inter esting document. There is no dolubt that cldrunikenu ness is on thUse increase in England and in the c;,lo. nies, and the above commnittee attributcs that in crease at home to the rapid rise of wages, whlich be gaun some ten years ago. It reports favorsably upon two schemes, and reconmmends that legislative faci lities should be afforded for the local adoption of themr. The one, the Gothenburgs ystoem, is tlt t a menicipality slhould ble athoried to eslntract with a company to take un all the licescis issned. and to keep lithe liquor supply in ite own hansds for a term of yea?rs, while thle comlsany unlder takes by charter not to derive nor to allow any one nac:in nnsler tilhem to derive any profit from the business; tlie wholee prceds after Ipay ment of salaries, eupensis s, intcrest, be., to be dclvoted to the towni trecasury. Tihe other, thIe Bir micngham sysrn,, prol)oses that lthe municipality slould do tiss for itself instead of entrusting it to a conmpany. When I re'el sech a report from so im portanct a quarter, and feel that thie stati of Great Iiritain is in emauy respects pamllclod in our colonies, I am persuadedt tlhat efforts should be made to removeo or at least diminishi the great ioblt.cls to the progress and well- heing of a country. " Every day's ecxperience tends more acd more to confirm me," said a impractical statesmalcun, "in tihe opinion that the temperamee roause lies at thie founda tion of social end political reform." The object of a Churchl of England temperacnce society lshould be to endesvor by nmoral suasion to induce habitual drusnlars to abstain altogether fromn the use of in toxicating leverages, and to persuade all to exercise o sober intilnuene u},on those around them by ltheir own modeiration. Tempera-ce in all thiings lshould mark tile chramcter and conduet of the professing Chlristian. Tbo Englishl Temperance Soielty is compricheesive. It embraces those whlo abstain en tirely, ltheloe who feel that cmoderaction would to them le either impoosible or .a crcat risk: and it als? elmbraces thoses who agree to be temperate as ipaiten to slhers. Snllldy" Scholols.--The importucmco of imparting asc cirate religious instriction in our Sunday ch?sols is beccming increasingly mancifest. Tile introduc tion thlerefolre of :ound ansd scriptual manuals which exlpound silmply and faithfully tie doctrines of tcis biible as cit f~th in the articles and formularies of our church-, rsould seemi to be the plain duty of all whso lhave resionsibile ure of oulsui in each learishi. lThe election of the best beiks for the pur os-:e is a m:ttcer of de!ail lwhich might wel!l be left in selo hands of thie bislhop and the clergy. Chlurch of Eusgland Day Schoels.--lThe value of our Cisurch of Engiand day ushools hus not a lwhit timinished by the progress of rcents. So long as r-esults pR vo that in sieenlar instruction our schoohs are not inferior to the pub li echeolh, the govern. mont ought to be thankful for tlheirexistenco, sceilg that they are more economical, and are less burden o01m1 upon thie public funds. They possess the great advanltago of l:ccping pace with other schools in seclar knowledge, while they impart at the samen time the education of molives and principles, which give force and meaning to all other learning, and which teach the young that to fear God and to keep his conmnandments, to love the Saviour and to walk in his ways, is a higher duty than to become ac quaintod with the depth of the ocean, or the height of mountains, the weight of the earth, or the length of the polar axis. Publio Schools. - The privilege of imparting religious instruction to the children of our church in the publie schools would be more appreciated if greater facilities in the way of suitable accommoda tion for the purpose were more generally provided; and if our clergy had less extensive parishes. The vexation and astonishment of many at the recent manifestoes of another church, is to me one of the most surprising events in my Australian career. Who that was in any measure acquainted with the inner system of that religious body could ever expect any different course? The idea of individuality in Christians is with them merged inl thie corporate existoece of the Christ, in the paramonut dominion of the priesthood over the souls and consciences of omel, anlld in the absolute subjection of every mnemler of their communion to the irresponsible dictates of the Pope, the bishops, and priests of Ilome. Civil and religious freedom and individual responsibility are with them utterly alien to the foundations of their unscriptural domination. That their superiors should therefore demand from their dlherents a strict adherence to their system is consistent with all their past history. Learning and knowledge tend to dissipate the delusion under which the people are kept in bondage. The church which committed to prison the astronomer (Galileo) who maintained that the earth revolved round the sun, would to-morrow commit equal absurdities if it'possessed the power or the opportunity. May the spirit of love and wisdom and a sound mind preside over our deliberations and crown our efforts with such success as may advance the intoerests of the church and promote the glory of our Divine Master. Mr. W. Conolly moved " that the thanks of the synod be tendered to the right rev. the President for his oponing address, anmid that it be printed in the minutes of the synod." Mr. H. S. Belcher seconded, and this was unani. mously agreed to. Thie right rev. the President signified his willing noess to comply with the request of the synod. It was moved by the Venerable Archdeacon Pow. nall and seconded by the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe " that the llev. Canon Soares and Mlr. W. F. Rose be tllsecretaries of the synod." Carried unanimously. Moved and seconded by the same gentlemen" that the Rov. G. Spencer be elected clork of the com. mittee of the whole house." Carried unanimously. SThe. Venerable Archdeacon Powmall moved that Mr. T. H. Mato be elected chairman of committees. Mr. W. Conolly seconded. Carried unanimuously. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombo moved "that Archdeacon Evans Jones, Canon Gwynne, Canon Smnith, Captain Zouoh, Mr. W. C. Harris, and Mr. J. F. Kenyon be appointed as an election committee to examine and determine upon the validity of the elections of lay.reprlseotativcs." M1fr. W. Conolly seconded. Carried unanimously. Archdeacon Pownall moved and Canon Drnitt seconded " that the standing orders of the last synod of the diocese Ie tle standing orders' of this syonod." Carried lunanimlously. Archdeacon Puddicombo read thle report of the standing cormmittooee, whiich showed that they had hold fourtceen metings with an average attenudance of five metmlO ers. The only special duty ontrunsted to theml was to ascertain the state of a fund in which it is supposed this diocese is interested and of which a bequest of the late Rlobert Campbell of the Wiharf, Sydney of £500 is said to form the basis. The conunitftco have ascertained that by the will of Mr. Campbell a sun of £5001 was bcqucathed " to the ilshop of Australia for the tisme being, to be applied by Ihim to the support of widows and children of deceased clergymen, which clergyomen shonld have departed this life in the colony aforesaid." The conmmittce are prosecuting further inquiry on this snbject, the result of which thelly hope to lay before the synod before tihe close of this session. Archdeacon Puddicombo read the balance-shooet of the coummoittee, by which it was seen that the coln mittoo colum oleld their work with a credit balance of £4t3 18/3, out of which they have spent £37 15/, covering all expenses to date and leaving a baloance in hand (there having been no receipts) of £6 3/i3. lie moved that the report and balance-sheet e received. Unanimously agreed to. Archdeacon Puddiceomb moved " tlat the report now received ie adopted ald plublished with tile minutes, and that the secretary be requested to forward to each parish indebted a copy of the account with a request that tile amounts due be paid at once." Seconded and unanuimously agreed to. The synod then a:ljournod until seven o'olook. On re-assembling, 'TIh Venerable Archdeacon Evans Jones read the report of the election comunittee and moved that it be received. Carried unanimously. Mr. W. Conolly read the report of the select com tmittee appointed to inquiro into the appointment of clers"ylmon to vacant cures. He moved that it be received. The Venerable Archdeacon Pow'nall, in seconding, thou;ght that inl order thlat all the members of tire synod nstilot see it draft of the report, it be printed and circulated among the nlontbors. Agreed to. t'ile Veneralle Archdeacon Pilddicombo moved Thai inll si'. of stha s tll.unslsta ins ,ort llcs u o otoer oiltosnet l Most of tfre tclem tb shrould be Onr lare llat t hlse dsstermoinatioo s of te general snod casme bheforet r "llc tiemo ,tree yes tgo. Ith enas onlroot agreed efle t s t ofl ise f?e rre?l tuntil nohett ler occi? sioso. Tile t o?t of ml apsnl wrlooul nt noI i hl tel for fl ior opaors tpondl he tloersjore tfoosouglo that it vould be aslvisalsle tso ptpon le nai connidorstio of tloese tleroi..tions olst of the ctig, nb icl w ould be aware that thfore tlernext aeetito of the general synod cae bef. MIr. T. II. Miote sceneooood thoe totifool. thr. . hree. etts lego. t was thle agreed oftt they synod would not be hl'ard fto vote o lteis d tiohe. threr cot d hought o hat litient reso cold be tdgioen r spo o of the onsideration ttr. Th these d Veinationsle Arclol'aecon 1'uddicsmbon hlsbd nolt oof ntionoel whlot tsomtlers were tnoris isoportolt tlonao lohese, and untlil tant wss doloe tI y obughlt at olce if poes ssile to coy yes or nto slhetor tley intoedled to sub. mit to tlsec datesrminio nos. Tiey wetr passed in tfle general seynoss seveno years ago. The ChAncellor said In believed it to be a fact tohat these deerrmioisnatiloosld hoon adoltel by all otller dioceses with ecarcely one soception. (Hear, lner.) lIe inteopded tor voto agaiust tle ou ttioon. A loion time seas dpuslt in tsfie gnoeraol syolnod in con. sidering thoe sulbjects, aond thle moenbers of fhe otlal brohn synod udad lad nevet years to tliino over tlhet. and rincce flen a great mnany of thfe metobers had becntl gathllaercd to thecir fathlera. eo tfouoglt tlat tohey swould no be doitng tlheir duty if they did not consider tloese dolrminations. Afted debate, ito shliclo tfloe n. Archrlodcou row' nail, the bere. A. D. Acock and J I. . Ware, nod tMessrt. O'Neill anod Mainrtyr too part, Arelclenoll Poaddicombo consented to oitfodranw lis motion with the contsnt of tfe synoot. TFle R3ev. J. Hf. Waro eotooed-" Tlat leove be given to sbring ito an am lnleldt sontentatlon ooin ancc, and that it beh reld Ihis ereotiing for the fort Archdocacoo Puoddicombo secollded floe ouoltioon. )nr. Mnoate oa graos of aii thet mhis orsioanc ewould be rnathler bitonding oti tfe laity. I hois ianrt of thle disarict tlher oind their flutncial connitlfeo nplpoinled and tlhes got on very well dith tlat. foticon earrined. Tlhe 1Rev. J. D. ore tlen reand tle ordinance wllicl set forth among oellor tlings Tiet no hlsorint 1O oLotill aO bnos slsiitentaltsiost of t erdn ic, and w that te eos od tshs insl sloi sssef orf thetiso nct tuho bO Ose Closoheo bSeily. ndin sgssat, u tlo lal ocitlyslo hss prts ointe Odsoo, eanu they tsll osnpiso to wu elsl witstatIcooic. he novesi" that the heooes dreaosditogof tfle ordioUance be on Wednesday ovening, and that in the meantime it be printed." The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombo seconded the motion. Carried unanimously. Canon Soares moved,--" That with a view to encourage systematic beneficence, a society be formed to be designated the Goulburn Diocesan Tithe Association." Ile then read the rules of the proposed society. Mr. O'Neill of Qneanboyan seconded the motion in order to have a discussion. lHe thought the rnles were not sufficiently specific. The Chancellor was sorry that he had to object to the motion. He had a great reverence for the rules of their forefathers, but he thought that to have a society to enforce tithes was wrong. There had been such a society in England at one time,'and it had been deosignated the greatest extortion that the Church of England had ever proposed. After discussion in which his Lordship the Bishop, Archdeacon I'nddicomble, the Rhcv. A. Acocks, Druitt, Yarrington, and Messrs. W. Conolly, Iayeos, and O'Neill took part, The Rev. Canon Soares caid that he had desired to forn such a society simply to encourage a system of giving liberally. He thought that people would live more prosperously on ninc-toentlhs of their in. come with God's blessing than they would on the., whole without it. He would withdraw his moti '\\. with the consent of the synod. The motion was withdrawn. Mr. W. (G. O'Neill moved " that in the opinion a this synod a readjustment of the parishes within th? district of Quoanbeyan should be made by the Lord Bishop of the diocese, in order that each minister shall have an equitable share of both labor and in-. come." The eov. J. IM. Ware seconded the motion for thp purpose of asking the member for Queanbeyan to withdraw it, as lte himself had a motion which em braced the one proposed, which would come on later in the synod's sitting. The motion was with the synod's consent with. drawn. The Rev. J. If. Ware moved " that a special com. mittee be appointed to inquire into the circum. stances of the non-payment to the late incumnbent of Doniliquin of stipend owing to him, and of moneys advanced by him for the building of the parsonage of that place amounting in globe to moore than £300, with power to take evidence and to bring up a report at the next session of synod." Mr. W. Conolly seconded the motion. Carried unanimously. Mr. A. rf. Belts moved that " leave be given to introduce al ordinance to decide tihe mode by which determinations of the general synod are to be ac. complished by tihe church in the diocese of Goul burn." Tihe ordinance set forth " that whenever any determination of the geoneral synod shall be submit. ted to the synod of the diocese of Goulburn for acceptance, tihe question of its acceptance or rejec. tion shall be decided by rewolution of the synod voting collectively : provided that if any five mnom. bars shall so desire, the votes shall be taken by orders, and all determinations at the geonral synod accepted in the manner above mentioned shall hoe binding upon the members of the church in the diocese of Goulburn." '.The Rov. Canon Smith seconded. Carried unanimously. Mfr. A. M. Betts moved that the ordinance be road a first time. Agreed to. The ordinance was then read and date of second reading fixed for Wednesday. On tit motion of RIev. A. D. Acocks, seconded by Rev. Archdeason Pownall, the house adjourned until Wednesday at three o'clock. 