Echuca Moama. and Kerang Advertiser. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Eohuca, Saturday, May 3, 1879. Although Mr. Wrixon does not say so in direct terms, we are justified from the whole tenor of his observations in arriving at the conclusion he that would not invest the nominee Upper House with which he pro-, -poses to replace the elective Council with the power of initiating legislation. If we understand him rightly, the functions of such a chamber as that which he would, establish would be merely those of a revis ing committee. He certainly hints some what obscurely that he would give the power of rejection ^vhen • he 'states': that ^in extreme cases the nominee housa might be able to compel an appeal to the people; but he does not tell us under what conditions; this would be brought about, nor in what manner it would be likely to prevent deadlocks. Indeed-, if We assume that a nominee Goilncil i3 to have the power to reject ?at all it would' appear that deadlocks would be rather encouraged than otherwise. The ob structive chamber could not be dissolved/ nor would it bo amenable to public opinion even to the., slight extent that the present elective house is, whilst as Mr-. Wrixon pro poses to limit the number of ^members to -i5, it might easily happen that the safety valve usually relied.- upon by advocates of the nominee system, namely, the appoint ment of a sufficient number of new mem bers to swamp the obstructive majority, .could not be made use of. It is evident, indeed, that Mr. Wrixon has not yet-fully thought out his scheme. He relies mainly up on the assumption that the moral influ ence of a nominated character would be greater than that of an elected one, because it would not be regarded as the representa tive of any particular class or classes in the community, and that on account of its non represen.ative character—or rather because ho assumes it would represent the whole people—it might be safely trusted not to obstruct the will of the popular branch of the legislatura, but always to give way when it had carried its opposition to the legitimate limit. We noed hardly point out that experience does not justify this assumption. j In New South Wales, ^ew Zealand, and Queensland, where the second Chambers are non- elective, there have been frequent collisions between the two Houses; and if tliey have not been of such a decided or dangerous character as those which have occurred in Victoria, this fact is due quit# as much to the moderation and forbearance of the popular assemblies as to any of the causes upon which Mr. Wrixon relies. There can bo no donbt that the proposi tion for a nominee U'pper House has much to recommend it, but it is by no means such a simple and easy remedy for our political difficulties as Mr. Wrixon ap pears to think. This, we are sure, will' be admitted by that gentleman when he corner to furthor consider his scheme, buclia house, constituted upon the model of tb.ose which oxist in the other Australian colonies could hardly be considered an vmprovement upon our own Legislative , Council especially if that wero reformod in accordance- with the scheme submitted by Mr. Service at the close of the last session of Parliament. To ensure the results which f Mr. Wrixon desires to obtain from a nominee chamber, we want some machi nery by the use of which there would be a tolerable certainty of obtaining the services of the best men, or at least of such men as could be relied upon to bring to bear upon the discharge of their important duties such an amount of wisdom tempered with moderation as would render their services of real value. And herein lies the chief difficulty. We do not say that such machi nery is not to be obtained, but it certainly has not been obtained in either of the colonies to which .Mr. Wrixian lias referred The appointments are in the hands of the Ministry of the day, and there is always the danger of the power being exercised not with the view of secur .ing; $$ fjttest. men, but for very1 | different, and sometimes very dangerous purposes. Only the other day, the mem bers of the Upper House of New South Wales were taunted in the Assembly with being "the creatures of a creature," and I although the expression was not a compli | mentar}' one, it did not inaccurately de scribe those against whom it was directed. The Assembly makes the .Ministry and the Ministry makes the Council, and under such circumstances, the exasperation of the Lower House upon finding itself thwarted by the Upper is naturally greater even than it would be in a case where the latter de rives its existence directly from the votes of a section of the community. Till Mr. Wrixou has hit upon some plan by which there will be a reasonable certainty of ob taining the services of the best men. in a nominee chamber, we are afraid his panacea must be laid aside, as of no more Value than the many others which have been suggested. We cannot admit, either, the accuracy of hns assertiou that because frequent collisions have occurred between the two houses in Victoria, this is due to the ill feeling engendered against that one of the two which specially .represents-! the owners of property. There are several colonies in each of which the Upper House is elective, in which a property qualification is re quired both from electors ancl eletSted, and in none of which have aoijious,difficulties arisen in the working of their constitutions. Mr. Wrixon does indeed refer to this fact, but he passes it by as though' the point were not deserving of consideration. There' is South Australia, where the only substan tial difference from our own system is that ihe^ whole of the ,colpiiTyj^iii3l»a^,pf;\b'euig" divided into electorates, forms oue constitu ency for the Council—a difference which does not, of course, affect the- main'qucs tiori. In that colony,'as in Victoria, the Upper House was specially established to act as a check, in the interests of property, upon the Assembly which is elected as with us upon the basis of manhood suffrage, and yet the fact has, not b.jen -provocative of. that war of classes or of that jealousy of Conservatism which if Mr. Wfixon's theory be correct ought to have been the result. We occasionally hear, it is true, of differ ences between the .two Houses,rbutjthesc never assume serious dimensions, and the work of legislation proceeds harmoniously and satisfactorily. We are justified there fore in assuming that good and settled government is not incompatible with an elective Upper House, and that in the answer he has given Mr Wrixon bas not found I the true solution of the problem whicli is troubling him> .a,s it is troubling all of us:— " Why are we more politically unsettled than other free and prosperous'Anglo-Saxon communities 1" Having found occasion recently to animad vert upon the mode of conducting business in the Echuca Shire Council,' .we have the more satisfaction in turning to a subject the discussion of which, in the last Council meeting, was unquestionably of paramount importance-, hot only in respect to the terri tory comprised within the Shire boundaries, but also to the whole of those portions of •the colony -where the , rainfall is deficient,or intermittent : VSfy unfortunately* for the farmiug interest—the backbone aud sinew of our -national 'wealth—the portions of country referred to are numerous and ex tensive. The discussion in question was initiated - by the President (Councillor i Webb), who moved.as our report shows, the following resolution •-»*« ^hafc the En neer. be .. iilstpdefcecl to report at the next' faceting, recommending as to" the best mode 1 ,of procuring a permanent wAtcrSupply for 'the parishes Of T&rtgila; aud Kyabram and surrounding districts, the proposed scheme to be on a scale of sufficient magnitude to .satisfy the wants of the parishes named throughout the driest seasons, and the re port to be so framed . a9 to form the basis of' aii 'application tile Department of: I ublic Works, soliciting the financial co-i operation, of the Government.'' jf -we ' correctly understood IU Observations'made ny Mr. Webb, in support of his resolution, i we may safely assume that the significance ■n this resolution, which, by the way, was i -virned unanimously, is not to be limited ti the manner in which it may affect the two parishes of Tongala and Kyabram. If those parishes be fotltid to be beneficially influenced by the scheme to be adopted, its operation, or the principle of its operation will doubtless be extended.. to other parts of the Shirej dikl, probably to other shires also. To try to ^gild refined-gold^were not i more absurdjor superfluous task than to ittempc to impress lipoii tlidsii. interested in farming and jiastefal occupations the urgent need of a regular water supply. ' There are tew, indeed, who are not so interested directly or indirectly. This week seems to have witnessed the termination of , the prolonged period of, drought which has so< severely punished immense; numbers ;of far-, aiers and stockowners, with'whose' for tunes varied interests, more or less con nected with them, in other departments of trade and commerce, are interwoven.. Can not something be done to render all these possible sources of national and individual wealth ess dependent upon the precarious "ercy, humanly speaking cf the skittish Or, rather, cannot -.ometlung be done to utilise those elements to some extent, at least, and brin-r them more under control for the service of man * lr. Webb certainly made out his case', uicl hi* audience was evidently an ippreciative _ one, as evidenced by , }"^niimty of the councillors in EnWV° aUd PaSSing the ^ ; , the whole shire the parishes of Tongala and ■vyabraiu were about the driest. The dams which the selectors there had hitherto con ducted had dried up, and every three years tliay silted up, and the cost of deal ing them out was nearly as great as that of making new dams. As for wells in those diotncts they were almost always produc i^o sal-twater only. Ifc was tV cry of Ancient Manner S-'» e«7wTf'. bM a <,r°p '» _! Webbs remark that the vprr existence of the farming interest depended )n the supply of water was in no de"re» an exaggeration of facts. Councillor Mun,hy f ■ S:uue 0Pimon, observing that"" to farmers " water was the all- important one """• Oouncillora ex-pi^TsiS •natters ot detail. We rcn-pf-i-W ° auable, from want of space, to fully rCpo»t the discussion of Mr WpM,'. opo.t itood, extended to several oil, C st,,ss .""its, ;■•■ resources of the local governing b nlie w imto inadequate to the demand'st ? respective territories i« VJ. , 'f t!lclr mpply ; and pointed out thi? :ocal bodies were, from ■edge peculiarly enabled to preo "i proinulgate? ^ m officers, schemes, based oil reliable data, for meeting tliespeci.il requirements of particu lar localities. For the past two years in Tongala and Ivyabram, the farmers have had, for long periods, to cart water fourteen miles. The small dams or tanks con structed were found to dry up three weeks after the dry season had fairly set in. Mr. Webb suggests that a scheme suitable for this particular district, where, as has been mentioned, the wells are salt, should first be drawn up. This, we suppose, would be the illustration of the theory Experi ment uni iin corpora vile," though we dare to say the people of Tongala and Kyabram would rather enjoy the degradation than otherwise. A prominent feature in j\Xr. Webb's proposal is that while the shire at its own cost makes the enquiry and report, the projected scheme shall be on a scale Sufficiently comprehensive to be of perma nent value, and with a view to obtainiug substantial aid from the State. He dwelt with much force upon how important it was to the whole colony, as well-as to limited country districts, that this neccssary'work should be at once gone about and carried out in the joint manner suggested.; and contrasted the usefulness of such jiu expen diture of the public funds wit-li tlie lavish outlay at present bSing indulged-in at the metropolis, in the erection of such enor mously expensive works as the new Law Courts, the Parliament Houses, . Prince's Bridge, and the new Exhibition Building, etc. We can find little to cavil at in the President's opiuion that the unproductive policy of centralization by which' Mel bourne alone, or, in chief part,. benefits' could very well be made to give place to a ;larger devotion of public time, energy, and. j money to the vital requirements of tlie agricultural districts) and he argued that the future welfare of the colony and of its chief seaport particularly, de pended not upon the erection of costly pub lic buildings, but upon the permanent settle ment of the people on the laiids. Yet no settlement could be permanent, where' the iife-goirig element of water was :wanting Councillor Webb's movement is intended apparently, only as the first step in this direction, so far as the Shire of Echuca; is j concerned. That it ns a step in the right direction; at all events, ■will be admitted on all hands. HisV efforts- will doubtless command the llearty support of every one having a stake in , the. municipality, or a desire to benefit the colony in which he lives. The Gannawarra Dummy Cases.— We learn from the Argus of yesterday that the hearing of the appeals against the recom mendations of the Board appointed to en quire into (lie alleged cases, of dnmmyism on the Gannawarra run, will commence on the 14th inst. Land Tax Court, — In the tiand Tax Court on Thursday the appeal of Mr. J. T. Brown against .tho assessment of his estate of 3120 acre£ in' tiidsedorid diass, was proceeded with.Tli when the court rose: Professional Fees.—-A.., discussion oc cured at the Eehuca Police Court yesterday after a debt: case, liad Deed d^alt with, re ferring to'tile payment of fae's to advocates. \\* had .jiisfc giiine.1 a case-in which the .defendant did not appear and was unrepresented. After the verdict- had been recorded, Mr. Pennefather applied- for-cost3 —professional and tho3e attendant to the process of the court. The costs of court were granted, but professional C03is, ffere re fused. Mr. Pennefather rather iiidigiiantly enquired tlie reason of this courssj which he stated was in direct variance with the usual J custom of police courts', wlijol: stutenleiii; was corroborated... by , Mef..- legal gentleman present*. The behuh gave as their reason for refusing professional fees, .that.the case was a very simple one and /was undefended. Mr. Pennefather concluded that in future there would be a large nunibar of cases unde fended,-if expenses were to'be savod thereby-. Lhe chairman of the. beiifih replied that nO precedent. establishedasi .suggested by ut. Peiiiiofatlier, different, nia^ia tra'es held their own o^iniotis on-the-pouit: Leases. - Leases for the undermentoned are nOw. ftwdititig dft!iver> at the Sub-Trea-' mry •~Jnc,lrinan and Gallagher, Bain, Blant, Cochrane. Clancy, Doyle, Frantz, Featherstone, T. Frenaughty, W. Fenaughty, u ■f,ry' rT- Grr;1Jn' ®"al'a=her, Grant, Gust vut Garden Gallagher, Han ley, Hampton (2), Hervey, Harding, Sardinian, Johnston, •Ja nos, jun., Jobjon, j^er, Kernan, Keelv ! Lowne, ]un„ Moore, Murphy,, Metherall, ; 5r°£hT n"™ Neve, , >vuaon. \v122$, Address to Miss (JsBd&tfii.;'—At tli> S^ta I ^•Te-^u^,afWrAd ;3eniblod at thd close.of the davs duties, to a/ farewell to M.ss Osborne, who Ins held i th®P03ltl9n,oEthird assistant for some time I past but is ; leaving f,r Adelaide. Mr: Sartshorn in a few brief sentences, expressed the regret.taey a!! felt in/-parting: with Miss her : that she carried j i -1Q!r Mr. /Breaden read the following, address :.:^-To Miss Osborne ^r°m. tho Echuca State tfe?f 1' 20ari?Bar 'Madam;—We; you. S teachers, desire to express our esteem and re ret at yonr early removal from iifthu "fl' oush associated with lis a little lea? than a.year; during which time a sanous illness prevented your attending the school for nearly-three;month3, weMiave had opportunities of observing in ' you such wUh'f7 I'"! "Cnt!e,!e33 manner/and withal such devotion to ell a duties of your profession, combined with high qualificafc ons, h^ we have learned to esteem you ' very ai D i^',a we cannot but deplore that voir should be so soon separated from us. We sincerely trust tint in y0Ur new home. God's blessmg may attend you, and that he wdl abundantly shed upon you health and lupoi ds and surround you with m lUy friends. U f YV. Haktshok.y, Head Teacher." Miss Ja-'orne, in replying, thanked the teachers 'j1111011 for, t!leil' kindness. She had been wr n !fPPy , 3fc a sociat0d with them, and o n tllu,n with sineera regret. ....... ,f ®0MI®S0RV Notes an-d Debts.point lJTV'nT'unce ta business people who t f 10 habituil receipt of promissory °f debts incurred, arose in argument at the Eohuca Police Court, yester li^ r .cl,limant for a debt stated that he received a promissory note at a month's , t ,;°rKan a'-'C H,nt' but tlut the note had onininr. tf"? '^'ie bench were of o f"! '' stilte;nent put the plaintiff „ ■ "r ' 'ie could not go behind' the ^ht fn.,ry "°te> a!ld suo for the original m-, In •' w"rK:uiJ l lb°r done, without first t 1 tltV ri P''"^ssory note and cancelling n' • 1 onaut argued that;a cheque or promissory note was only' security for a debt thLS°n"rie ifc° Ply~not a liquidation ili, 'n f I1!0 ',lcil s'dl held that the pro °n °f . Pro,"issory aote was neces niiVi, of! 3* lt i'"'' no': forthcoming, by c"U3unt the ea3e was adjourned for a firin'G7°UNTS'—'"its for the undermen "oj'ecl ar9 now payable at the Sub- Treasury. Or ',L-l0a '"T^-Hdrews, Bolton, Bagnell, King, t w1', ^/l'°"ise'i, Davies, Foyster, Leask, P-,f i-°w '■ L,lth' *r,),)r0 (3)- M'Carthy, Uat-JifFe .Sibley, Thompson, Yielima Wes 'eyan Church. Gji.\yr.s.—Crown gra-it3 for the o.,,"..',1'1" u', v awaiting dtdivery at the ?,,,r n°iSUry' Ackiuul, Fagan T.i. ii rS-r^' ^'Ihert, fiillnan and others, nvi ^lzardand others, J. Mackay, Reddie prim_ravet5< Iv^nneth, .Christina Mack ay, imrose, Robertson, 'MacTcay/ | Closed RoadTc^^T^ I Commission appointed t'i 'i \ matter of eloEod roads, wiu"T£'tW\ ' Thursday next, 8th iMt., ^ t^'v, with reference t.» closed ot Echuciv and Waran«a. Xr*V':; will sit in tha Conrtdionjeat'jQ C The Echuca Dock i of men^vero employed in 1 at the entrance to tlia doak waist deep in water, andtW^K 1 bitterly cold, their occupy have been of the most please & ^ are informed tint the contract T^"- 'i moval of 'ho obatructionwis t4v'! j'i aum of £30. 51''a D'Ahoy Usxti's Giioar. - t ... I D'A.rcy Head's Ghost, enteral' j -.veil attended, and it appem to v? '< a favorite in Echuca.comparativtl^.1?^ 1 in Sydney, Melbourne, andt^ i.''.'!1 ! torian provincial centres. Ia entertainment enjoyed i run v< tive weeks, '.and in Melbourne weeks. Lsst night the former r^T" programme was changed, bntftl l -' travayanai, with all its morphoae3, was repeated-, and amazingly. A. matinei will bj j;.' • children this afterhoon. and ? Eonnance will take place to- «Uk " - SaiRE &ATEVa;*F,3. - Oar a|,._ columns contain notices tWtau:^\ the shires of Echuca aud Swan «'*? • i every other shire, mast pay tWu 5^--V 1 or on the 10th June next, ti ij-'V! names enrolled on the voWa eniov the privilege of votm? at lions. The Eehuca Shire Seet«tSt'.'> notities that steps will immediate? without further notice, to tew-i: >1 now due to the shiro. An office attendance at the ^clmca officii\C^ notice every Tuesday, Thursday,^";,.': day, to receive rites. Tee Str£bJ *.Viw.—-TheCmC-ci-s< of the Echuo.i .r-.Migh Cooaai ders, to be rcivuv.i-.l by Tnes.hy niV C i persons willing t« U#, clean, snl W-" | order; the street W.-.ips for Uth> : i\so, for the supply of ^w;e,^,v ' wicK-( n .»co«xty tor th->Ja liap*h-' lisjhtod. with "il. I Caht.— Mr. H=v.HfinaivlMt.;V.v of Anuealey-atreat, have just tel I their factory a very hands mie ar. b v. Trvvii), butcher, of Hn™-»K«. T^;. a vehicle i and well m>ui : tion", ami may he seei ' y any one desirous ( IiflSACY.—Yesterday aiteraim InvU1' btlt°l!er, of Harare • tI ' uiauslup and style of the 1'hy superior description, and well?",v ; ton, and may he see., at theiVrt""*' by any ono desirous of doi,w , LUNACY.-Yesterday aft-mJi', < was brought up froai • . 1 ••'=• Detrie Bertram, and wastabnb'i; Nash and Leech, J,'3 p. Kh,, /.'r'':" renidval W the Royai Hotel, Hom.-!!,, ... Hotel, Moama, with the "arJen eud other convenient adju'eti iu-- "'1 to be open to let. Tenderers arWr necessarily to cany ou an lintel baii i.i must state to what purposa tlie . be applied, and the lHngthof tfoXuf it is required. ToaJers are.to'be'j=C-' to Mf. \\\ . Trebilco, at the bizu?'-'.-" street, aiid must besout in aot'y'-;'' the 16th inst, MoAjt\ ATULKlicCLUB.-TIiev,.-. of sports to be carried nut tytSv A thletic Cluh on the Qiieen's Bir;: - adveitisod in another column, h ,: j to the usual aiilusenlenh »t gathering^; twelve evenii are 'j.r including rail tests of physbl prowess. XLvkxecoted Leases.-LeasM f.; undermentioned persons are ar,\iiu.;, , tures at the Sub-Treasury, Eclitici:-:: • B::ckl:inii, Bartholonieir, C-iiium, : Kavanagh, Gioster, Gm- hart, CI a; iloppell, I'lytuirs, H.irriJ-je, inii. J Johnson, Kuie, Kivana^i:, L. Murphy, Moloney^ ileuzics; .'•!. :•. Poiiaford,. . Suaniial^n, Taniur, lis.'. Trdinor, Wilkes, \Vright. Siiiue P.imud of Advice.—'fai S Advice (So. 310) for the school 1:;::/ the Central Riding of the shir.; ■::: will inoet at Tidy's Hotel, k-ki:-::, :Monday next, 6th inst., at a f.tu; twelve. EciluCa AcuiOultukal Sociztt.—V:i.. journed annual and Ordinary nxsfe Olclmca Agricultural Society -.vi;l t; the Coinniorcial Hotel tliis afif:a.".K! o'clock rvtoEiven. —The At»tfa!«iu ".U guide for the month of May, « i.' handbook for ever, 'flu T<-iu" for the current mo.itii. Why tub Great■ Eastsrs k a te" -In a commercial 3enso (s:iyi i tile subject, of i: Great IiidiiitrirS -:1': Britain ") the great ship has fcl.'h: been ah liityr iaiiiite; and it Ins ou good aulli'jrity lhai betweas 1>m ' JS39 one million sterling had bwi. i hor by the varions pr.»p_riet^ attempted to work hoc. Nor i--n any impartial review .of Hor tef" seoucnt I'.i'lory io discover tJ-' u this failure. First of ali, Mr. (lis remarkablo foresiglit, did iui changes which have been Pr^luiV' single generation by the prw«-' navigation. Go d mines hate to^ up to all parts of the world ; once uiay have been, it is no* a necissary or desirable for a c arry coal for a ret-.rn voy,^^;;;; C• i folly of " carrying coals to ';i be applied to an Anstra-iy w -- co.l-Lld. .Further, marine engineering !»• duedd sirico the Great histern > ■ have rendered possible , coal cjiisu.nation. It fitted fo the ship coasanwi a i • of coal pur day when tI,ie !'V h-.; J:: about thirteen knots per no"'- . ill idern typt of compound e.i, - *^:j tiitted the rate of cousuiiipli-^ ,... have etceeded ISO -'Jj appears to have boen.tw s:m,'1 • j ^ ,;; . mate of I'he speed aud c'ial c'«_ j,; ..-; that is scarcely surprising "' "lt,J0r departure from previous eu'•V ;j ships is remembered. Ue ship would make the «ir;i - 36 days, which ^ tfoiilId Jai?'; "j") I'nga speed of 14 fcn-its per to bo jjurciia-ed by t!is cwMr"'' 1 'us of coai por day. Wj'tli lodern type his hopes mk'ht ''iS-; \- fully realized, and it li.u £''£lt the present proprieiors have even conteuiplated engines in order to save fr.gl, iw: of this bind iia3 yet been ue.'-i '- /: Cause of failure in a coniuier-i-1: however, the practical iuiposaW-'J-r ing sncli an efiormoiii sengers and cargo as uvis c> necessary in order to cover and earn a pr.-fii. 6000 t»i« was the quantity uf cargo ship such a quantity must at1J-' involved sarious delays in ti matter of fact merchants aaJ_■ nut ready to run the risks harking so much in a single : u'hole, thoreforo, two or f'wi :i' uioderats size, aud »'if' ,1,f'-r engines, could be more to carry the same number otpy ■. ths same aggregate dead tiiose for iviiich the Great signed.. During the last strenuous e/Fi.rts hare baan ^1'^: the steamship servicey:i' Australia, and competing llt? . hot merely betiveen J steamers, hut between dfiK . steamers. So'mo (f these b'[^' th. passage--rU the Cape-'" f'ivi.y-tive d;ivs, and i! if ' this time to thirty-sis days .' ;(I imagined it desirable tociui'i- ing about one-foui'tli 'I1!1 'rt; Great Eastern, 