BALLARAT PUBLIC LIBRARY. A meeting of the committee was held on Tuesday evening. Present—Messrs. Roff (president), Kent, Lakeland, Hare, and Phillips. Correspondence was read from the Government astronomer, forwarding the results of observations in meteorology and teffes'-' trial magnetism for 1876.—Received with thanks. Prom.the editor of “ Victoria in 1880,” sending speci mens of | illustrations of the work,'and asking to have the library pl&ced;'on the liatof subscribers; and'from Mr S. Mullen, stating that the- firat part of Hingston’a “ Branches from thaMailßouta” would shortly be issued. —Referred io'thVbOOkr committee. '- : From‘--the'’Town Council,' drawing attention to the large acooilnt for gas. It was resolved to inform the council, that this arose from the Exhibition held in the new hall, and that in future strict economy would be observed.' Prom Mr I. Jonas, handing in a cheque for-32 2s, and inviting the committee and their friends to a performance in the new; hall on Thursday night at 8 o’clock, prior to His departure to star it in'the'provinces-with his wonderful ghost performances.—lt .was resolved, to accept Mr Jonas’donation with', thanks, and tolra-i quest the committee and friends to. see the wonders that: rnty be. The report of the book committee ordering the removal and replacing of‘worn-out books to ;be Carried into 'effect;; The" questionof tenders' for* periodicals for 1880 was - referred to the book - committee,'.to T be '.dealt with: by them. The building committee’s report in reference to the hew, hall w.as postponed for,,-consideration unjilt, next meeting. Mr Robertson., haying, sent a donation of two guineas and his resignation as a member of com mittee, ;it was unanimously Yesblvad~to“request > him‘ to withdraw his resignation, as his retirement would ba a great losa to.the institution, to which ha had on many'occasions rendered very; valuable services, and that choerfhlly.' His handsome donation was accepted with a cordial expression of .thanks.-.-The- president .reported the.success of the Exhibition, which brought crowds to'the establishment, who had hot previously seen it.! The report'. was received, and its considers-/ tion deferred till next meeting, aajt contained many, useful suggestions.' ■ 