'DIE SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. (mom the '• AUGUrt" (,'OHRESt'ONDENT.) Syj>nev. Tuesday, 16th Sent. To-day the Victorian Court was to have been ready, but the commissioners liave found work far mnro abundant than they calculated upon, and the rather severe strain to which the staff has been subjected for the last live or six days is manifestly telling on both ollicers and men. The general appearance of the court is good. Victoria is supposed to have come out strongly in one or two departments of manufacture. The number of show eases is satisfactorily small, and the place cannot ill any way be regarded as shoppy. In the central section, •Cured (repre sented in bronze, a stage effect which ex tremely pleased our executive commissioner at Paris, and therefore, like the caryatides, lias bcou introduced into the collection at Sydney) is standing in the midst of the principal products of the harvest season— wiuu and grain. Wool,, a spring product, is also admitted into the circle. In the sections opening into the nave, the woollims and tweeds ought to be regarded as the leading exhibits from Geolong, Ballarat, Castlemaine, and Mel bourne. The clothing factories are represented as well as the mills. In furniture there are scarcely any exhibits except billiard-tables, so that in one department we are behind all our neighbors, particularly New Zealand, and look as if we had very limited means of utilising the excellent woods native to the colony. Woods are shown in abundance, and there is a fine slab of blackwood, about 10ft. long and 3!i feet wide, sent by Mr. Perry, of Lonsdale-street, which ought to attract attention. It has been found very difficult to " mako a pretty group of tlio ironwork, brasswork, and tinware intended for the main building. All the large exhibits, including a number of specialities from the Railway department, and the celebrated brake, are to bo shown, when they arrive, 011 the basement floor, but upstairs the principal articles are gas- stoves, made by Mr. S. E. Jeans, St. Kilda; ovens, by Mr. W. llarnwell, Melbourne; pumps, brassware, by Mr. John Banks, whose exhibits cover a good deal of ground; plates of star antimony, made from ore raised in Victoria, and sont by Messrs. Bright Brothers; piping from the Melbourne Lead works; steel fittings for a butcher's shop, by Mr. T. Brown, of Melbourne; and a monster lamp for a steamboat, made by Mr. T. J. Connelly, of Sandhurst. All thuse arc articles of utility, and specimens of good work manship, but at the same time tliey have a somewhat heavy look which Mr. Vale, who has been personally attending to the arrange ment of the group, has not been able to remove. Amongst the stoneware there is an assortment of filters in brown, yellow, red, and blue colors, exhibited by Mr. Luke Nolan, of Brunswick; filters, bowls, vases, pots, cups and saucers, by Mr. 6. B. Guthrie, of Sandhurst, who has ornamented some of his bluo and cream colored ware with well-executed fern fronds in green. Along the frontage to the nave are displayed specimens of the principal igneoua and sedi mentary rocks of Victoria; also gold in quartz, ores, etc. There are 803 exhibits iu the catalogue. Tinware and japanned ware are. plentiful—viz., bird-cagca, boxes, tea pots, coffeepots, shown , by Messrs. Hughes and Harvey, of Melbourne, and by Messrs. J. Holloway and Sons, Ballarat; and the grasscloths of Messrs. Greer and Asliburner, used in quartz machines and in paper mills, is of commendable quality. Sauces, pickles, curries, and the like arc exhibited by Messrs. Stringer and Co., of Melbourne; biscuits by Mr. J. Walker, of Melbourne; and cordials by Mr. E. -M'Lcan, of Bridgewater, 011 the Loddon. One of the best got-up cases in the whole court has been sent by the Virginian Tobacco Manufac turing Company. It contains a well-arranged variety of leaf, cake, and twir.t tobsccoea. There is a placard stating that the company guarantees all the tobacco to have been manu factured iu Melbourne. I suppose they have found it necessary to give the public this seemingly superfluous assurance, 011 account of the deccptiveness of the word " Virgiuiau." Ill . addition to the articles enumerated above, iliore are many still iu an unready state, of which it may be possible to say something on a future occasion. On the whole Victoria makes a good impression, but I am far from asserting that the court contains an adequate representa tion of the leading industries. It lias a some what medley look in the rear portions, where pictures, mirrors, photographs, and sculpture compete for attention with coils of rope, bundles of jute, tinned and japanned ware, barrels and casks, and piles of presorved meat tins; but tho ni03t had to be made ct the space available. The pictures will come in for their share of notice when tho general art collection is dealt with. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] Thursday. Fine weather continues. Tho attendance is rather moderate, which was an ndvautago to backward exhibitors. The Marquis of Nor manby spent several hours in tho bnildint: to day, visiting all tho colonial courts. It 13 stated that he will return to Melbourne on Saturday. All the members of the Legislature return at the same time. Thero aro no aigua of the machinery or agricultural implements being ready for a week or more. The following is a copy of the poem written by Mr. H. Kendall, 011 "The Sydney Inter national Exhibition," and which was awarded tho prize of 100 guineas offered by tho proprie tors of the Si/diii'i/ Morning Herald. The poem was telegraphed to the Melbourne Evening JIeriddp 111 which journal it was published 011 Wednesday:— " THE SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHI BITION." Now, whilo Orion, flaming south, doth set A shilling foot 011 hills of wind and wet; Ear haughty hills beyond the fountains cold And dells of glimmering greenness manifold; Whilo August sings tho advent of the spring, And in the calm is heard September's ring, The lordly voice of song I ask of thee, ^ High deathless radiance, crowned Calliope ! What though wo neverjiear the great god's lays, Which made all music tho Hellenic days; What though the face of thy fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Grecian streams; What tfiough a sky of new, strange beauty shines Where 110 white Dryad sink's within tho pines; Here is a land whose large imperial grace Must tempt thee, goddess, in thine .holy place! Here are the dells . f peace and plenitune, Tho hill-i of morning and tho slopes of noon; • Ileie are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark green hollows of the noontide dew; Here lies the harp by fragrant woodwinds fanned, That waits the coming of the quickening hand ! And shall Australia, framed and set in sea, August with glory, wait iu vain for thee? Shall more than Tempos' beauty bo unsung, Because its sliiuo is strange—its colors young? No ! By the full, live li',ht which puts to shame The far, fair splendors of Thestaliau flame; By yonder forest psalm, which sinks and swelb like that of Phoeis, grave with oracles; By deep propln tic winds, tha'- come and go, Where whisp.-ring springs of pouderirg mountains flow; , By lute-like leaves, and many languaged caves, Where sounds the strong Hosanna of.the waves— This great new i: sty shall lu.t remain UnhOnorcd by the high immortal strain; Soon, soon tho music of the Southern lyre Shall start and blossom with a speech-like fire ! S .on. s Oil shall flower and flow in flatne divine Thy songs Apollo, and Euterpe thine! Strong shilling sons of Delphieus Shalt rise NVitl-° 11 their father's glory in their eyes ; And then shall b;:mi 011 yonder slopes and springs, 'i he light that swims upon the light of iliings, Ami, therefore, lingering in a land of lawn, I ".landing here, a singer of the dawn, With g.v.e'up'.urned to where wan summits lie A"-ain»fc the morning flowing up tho sky. Whose ever, in dream* of many colors seo •V '-Uttering vision o'the years to be, , Ho'asl; of thee, Calliope, one hour Oi life, pre eminent with perfect power, That 1 mav leave a song, whose lonely rays M-V slrm-'hereafter from those songless days. i'Vr no'.v the:;' breaks across the fai,.t grey range, Tii'e ro-'e red dawning of a radiant change. \ soft sweet voice is in the valley deep, Where darkness droops and sings itself to sleep, The grave mute woods that yet the silence hold, Of dim dead ages, gleam with tints of gold. Yon Eastern Cape, that moots the straitened wave, A two-fold tower above the whistling cave, Whose strength in thunder shields the gentlo lea, And makes a white wrath of a league of sea, \ow wears the face of l'eace, and in the Bay The weak, spent voice of winter dies away. In every dell there is a whimpering wing; In every lawn a glimmer of tha spring. By every hill are growths of tender green; O11 ever .' alone a fair new life is Been.' •\nd lo ! beneath the morning's blooming fires The shilling city of a hundred spires ! T11 iui-,t i of :-'old by countlcss havens furled, -\nd glad with all the flags >f all the world! The1" are the shores where in a dream o' fear, ] Cathay'saw darlcne.-s dwelling half the year ! (1) The'-e are the coasts that old fallacious tales Chained down with ice and fringed with sleepless 'fhi-As tiie land that in the hour of awe l'Voni Indian peaks the rapt Venotian saw! (2) Here is the long grey line of strange soa wall That cheeked <he prow of tho audacious Gaul, What time he steered towards the southorn snow, prom Zone to Zone four liuiufied years ago ! (3) ■ By yonder gulf whoso marching waters meet | The wine dark currents from the I^lcs of Heut» ■ Strung aona o! Europe, in a far dim year, 1 Vaced ghaatly foea, and felt the alien spear J -^aere, in a later dawn, by shipled* waves, The tender grasses found forgotten graves. (4) ITarin the west, beyoud those hills subliino, Dirk Kartog anchored in the olden time. Thorc^ by a wild faced bay, and in a cleft, His shining' name the fair-haired Northman left. (5) Aiul on those broad, imperial waters, f.-tr Beneath the lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman, down a great and glowing spaco Whose 8 ftcr lights were like bin lady's face. In dreams of her he roved from /one to Zone, And k'ave her lovely name to coast* unknown; . And aaw in streaming sunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair: (0) By flaming tracks of tropic afternoon, Where, in low heavens, hangs a fourfold moon; Mere on the tides of a resplendent year, By Gapes of Jasper," came the buccaneer. (7) Then, then, the wild men, flying from the.beach, First heard the clear, bold sounds oE' Eujjliah speech; And then first fell across a Southern plain The broad, strong shadows of a Saxon train* Near yonder wall of stately cliff, that braves • The arrogauce of congregated waves The daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, : i And dreamed in a majestic solitude, . , What tiuio a gentle April shed its showers Aflame with aun.sct on the bay of flowers. ' " The noble seaman,'who withheld the hand, ', ' And spared the Hector of his nativu laud; v.'« . '[ The single savage, yelling on the beach; The dark strange curses of barbaric spoeohj Exulted sailor ! whose benignant praise, .. . Shines, full of beauty, in these latter dayg, Who met the naked tribes of fiery akies . AVith great divine compassion in his. eyes, • . . . Who died, like Him of hoary Nazareth, Tuat death august—the radiant martyr's death; Who in the last hour showed the Christian face, Whose crumbling beauty shamed tho alien race. In peace he sleeps, where deep eternal calms ' Lie rouud tho lauds of heavy-fruited palms.' Lo I in that dell behind a staging bar, Where deep pure pools of glittering waters aro, Beyond a mofBy yollow gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid.. . The blue-oyed Saxon, from the hills of snow, Who fell asleep a hundred years ago ! . In flowerful shades, where gold and green are rife, Still reitg tho thell t.f his forgotten ife. Far, far away, beneath some northern Bky, Tho fathers of his humble household lie. But by his lonely grave are sapphire streams And gracious woodlands where tho firefly gleams, ' And ever comes across a silver lea, Tlie Hymn sublime of tho Eternal Sea. On that bold hill against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of droam. What time the mists of morning westward rolled, And Heaven flowered on a bay of gold ! Here, in tho hour that shines and sounds afar, Flamed first old England's banner like a atar. Here, in a time, august with prayer and praise, Was born the natiou of these splendid days. And here this land'* majestic yesteiday Of immemorial silence, died away. Where are the woods, that, ninety summers back/ Stood, hoar with ages, by the water track? Where are the valleys uf the flashing wing, Ti\e dim, green margins, and the • glimmering spring? Whero jiow the warrior of the forest race, His glaring war-paint, and his fearless face ? Tho banks of April and the groves of Bird, The glades of silence and the pools naatirred, ' The gleaming savage and the whistling spear? • ' Passed with the passing of a wild old year! A single torrent singing by the .waye, A shadowy reltc in a mountain cave, . A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, Tho whittled tree by folded way>ide rills, The call of bird that hides in hollows fur Where feot of thunder, wings of winter, ar«—• Of all that past, these wrecks of wind rain, These touching memories, these alone remain. What sun is this that beams and broadens west? What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed? What strange, sweet harp, of highest gold took flame, And gave this Troy its lif*, its light, its name? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range Upraised this Ilion, wrought this'dazzling change? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams, Set yonder splendor by the morning streams! No god who glimmers in a doubtful sphere Shod glory thero, created beauty here) This is tho city that our fathers framed, These are the crescents by the Elders named ! The human hands of strong, heroic men Broke down the inouutain, tilled the gaping glen, Kan street* through swamp, built banks against tho foam, And bent the arch, and raised the lordiy dome I Here are the towers tlut the founders made; Here are temples where these Unmans prayed; Here stand the courts in which their leaders met; Here are their homes, and here their altars yet; Here sleep the good old men, whose lives sublime, Of thought and action, shine and Bound through time; Who worked in darkness, onward fought their ways, To bring about these large majestic i^iys; Who left their sons the hearts and hi^h desires • Which built this city of the hundred spires, A stately morning rises on the wing, Tho hills take color, and tho valleys sing; A bright September flames bej'ond the lea, A silver vision on a silver sea; A new age 11 cast in a diviner mould " Comes crowned with lustre, zoned and shod with gold 1 What dream is this, on lawny spaces sot ? What miracle of doniM and minarot? What gloat mute majesty is this that takes The first of morning ero the .song-bird wakes? Lo! this way built, to honor gathering lauds, By Celtic, Saxon, and Australian hands. These are tho hulls, where all the (lags unfurled Break into speech, that welcomes all the world. And lo! our friends arc here from every 7.0110, From isles we droam of, and from tracks unknown, Hero aro the fathers from the stately apace, Whero Ireland is, and iinglund's sacred face. Here aro the Norsemen from their strong sea wall, The (/rave, grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaul! From green,, aweet groves the dark-eyed Lusian sail, And proud Iberia laavC3 the grape flushed vals! Here aro tho lords whose starry banner shines • From fierce Mallegnn to tho Arctic Pines! Here come the Strangers from tho Gates of Day,, From hills of sunrise, and from whita Cathay. Tho Spicy Islands send their swa.rthy sous, The lofty Nerth its mailed and mighty ones, "Venetian keels are floating ou our sea, Our eyes are glad with radiaut Italy! Yoa, north and south, aud glowing west and ewt, Are gathering horo to grace our splendid feast. The chiefs from psaks, august with Asian snow, The Elders born wharo regal roses grow, Como hithur with tho flower of that fair land That blooms beyond tlia fiery tracts of sand. Where Syrian 01111s their angry lustres iling Across blind channels of the bygono spring; And on this great auspicious day, the flowers Of labor glorify majestic hours, The Singing Angel from the at-irry sphere, Of dazzling science shows his wonders here; Arid Art, the dre*m-clad spirit, starts and briugs From Fairyland her strange, sweot, glittering things. Hero are the works man did, what time his face Was touched by God in some.exalted place; Here glows tho splendor, hero the marvel wrought When Heaven flashed upon the maker's thought! Yea, horo are all tho miracles sublime, Tho flights of genius and the stars of tirao ! Aud, being lilted by this noble uoon, Australia broadens, like a tropic moon, Her white, pure lustre beams across tho zones, Tho nations greet her from their awful thronos; From hence the morning beauty of her name Will shine afar, liko an exceeding flame, Her place will be with mighty lords whoso sway Contracts the thuudor and the marching day, Her crown will shine beside the crowns of kings Who shape the seasons, rule tho course of things, The fame of her, across tho years to ba Will spread, liko light 011 a surpassing sen, And graced with glory, girt with power august, Her lifo will last till all things turn to dust! To thee the faco of song is lifted now O Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow, Whoso hands unseen, tho tenfold storms control, Whose thunders shake tho sphere from polo to pole, Who from tho highest Heaven lookest down Tho sea Thy footstool, and the sun Thy croirii, Around Whose throne ths deathless planets sing, llosannas to their High, Eternal King! To Thee tho soul of prayer this morning tuniB With faith tlmt glitters, and with hope that burns 1 And in tho momants of majestic calm That fill tho heart in pauses of.thc psalm, She asks Thy blessing for this fair young land, That flowers within the hollow of Thiue hand! She socks of Tliea that boon, that gift sublime— The Christian radiance for this hope of time! And Thou wilt listen,anil Thy faco will bend Tosmilo upon ua Master, Father, Friend!" The Christ to whoso pure pleading heart hath crept Was humau once, and in the darkness wept The'gracious love that helped us long ago, > Will on us like a summer sunrise How, And be a light to guide the nation's feot On holy paths, on aacred ways and siyeet. (1.) According ta that eminent authority, Mr. R. H. Major and others, tho great southern land is referred to, in old Chinese records as a pojar conti nent, subject to long polar nights. (2.) Marco Polo mentions a large land called by tho Malays Loclne. The Northern Coast was sup posed to bo in latitude 10'S (vide JLiennott and others). , , (3.) Mr. K. H. Major has discovered a map of Sorra Australia, dated A.I). 1542, aud bearing the name of Le Zastu, a French pilot. La Zestu must have visited these coasts some years before tho date of the chart. (4.) The sailors of tho Duyfhcn, a Dutch vessel, which entered Carpentaria in A v. 1U05 wore at tacked by tho natives. In tho fray somo of, tho whites wero killed. No doubt these"unlucky ad venturers were tho first Kuropeana buried in Aus tralia (vido Woods and others). ; : (5.) Dirk Hartog left a tin plato bearing his. namo in Shark's Bay, West Australia. It was hut seen in A. D. 1803, ' (G.) Abel Tasman'a lovo for Maria Van Diem&n; is well-known.' Tasman and many of: tho islands and points ou tho N.W. coasts of Australia were named after her. (7.) Dumpier. (8.) Botany Bay. —Sydney Morning Herahl. Tho following poem was written specially for the Sydney Daily Telegraph, and was publishid by that journal on Thursday last:— XO TKLUMPHli! For the Opkninq of tuk Sydney- International Exiumriux, 1S79. [I'.v Edward Holland.] What are eager voices tailing ? W liat tlie murmurs that are swelling 1 What tho tones of friendly greeting, As of universal meeting, Kindly welcome and tstcem ? While tho banners, proudly floating. Gala seasons- are denoting, And a city is revealing jill the tumult and tho feeling Of an all-absorbing theme. llark! tho joy bulls uro repeating That a people's heart is beating With a rush of honest pride; And with jubilant pulsation Throbs the besom of a nation, < ■ ' Like an over-rising tide, ■ ' Daily growing, Gaily flowing, On a current deep and wide. . For au infant Btata is rising . Vl, Like a river from its source, ' , And with energy surprising ' Bearing, bravely on her course; ■ And lier sons to-day are glowing ' With the vigor she is showing, For the battle she has won; For the future they aro moulding, Mighty destiny unfolding In the race alio had to run, , See where stands to-day a witness Of their worthiness and fitness Such a birthright to possess; 'Tis a monument uplifted To a realm superbly gifted; ' Tig a token of success * ' To a country richly dower'd, ■On whose people Heaven has showerM . - Ev'ry requisite to bless. . See tho numbers as thoy cluster ' To tho uuivoisal muster, Pressing quickly, Thronging thickly, In a glad expectant crowd; Till throughout tho vast assembling Earth aud air alike are trembling,. As tho canons echo loud With a thuuder of saluting, Far and wido th* achievement bruiting, And the multitude around, With a roar of eager voices, Spreads the tidings and rejoices in a cataract of Bound. And tho message is repeated That tho trophy is completed, Aud a carnival is keeping And a jubilco is sweeping— Sweeping gaily oVr the land. O'er the land where first was granted Tho possession of a realm, When the British flag was planted . . And a sailor took the helm. When a settlement was fouuded On Australia's sunny strand, That has'flourished and abounded And shall evermore expand. Though her early days were hurass'd By oppression, crime, and dearth, And by dusky foes embarrass'd In tho travail of her birth. Though injustice long retarded Ev'ry olfort to advance, Yet tier deatiuy was guarded Krom the tide of evil chance, Till it ebbed, and swift to save her, Aud to bear her bravely ou, Flowed a currcnt in her favor And her star resplendent shone. Now a new and brilliant era Is 'infolding evVy day. Glowing brighter, growing clearer, As alio passes on her way. Leaving many a cherish'd token To commemorate her rue. Warning words of counsel spoken, Deeds of noble enterprise. Whoso reflection naught shall weaken . As they flash through ages back, Each a bright, undying beacon To illuminate her track. Then assemble, lovely daughters, Worthy sons of Nu-a' South Wales, Queen of sunny Southern wa'era That has weathered many gales. To the celebration rally, Expectation all aglow, Over mountain, plain, and valley Hasten gladly to the show; Where the realms of art and science Their varieties disclose, And a stream of eager clients Through the open portals flow3. Where the shores were densely wooded, Scarce a hundred years agone, And a desert silence brooded O'er the waters, save anon, When, by revelry distorted, Nature waken'd from her trance, And the savage foot disported Iu corrobboree and dance. ' E'er tho ^aily floating pennant Of the British pioneer ■ Seared the ebon-tinted tenant With an unaccustom'd fear. Now a great industrial palaco Shows a wonderful display, And through avenues of treasure Spread the votaries of pleasure, Passing lightly on their way; Men of ev'ry rank and station, Men of uvVy race aud nation . Are assembled hero to-day. 11 Vale/" land of brightest omen, Whose example stands to show men What devotion can achieve; And that worth aud perseverance Brook no crushing interference, Only toil, endure, believe. May the power Divine defend thee, Peace and plenty aver send thee, And, iu failure or success, Spread His strong protection o'er thee, Keep Uis banner set before thee, And be ever near to bless. 13th Septembor, 1879. 