ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, .UWE 13, 1879. THE Sale of Food and Drugs Bill, intro- duced in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Mcilwraith, deals with an important subject for legislation. The Brisbane Telegraph, in commenting recently upon this measure, declared it to be only one of a number of Knglish Acts, and there- fore inadequate to the purpose aimed at. But this condemnation is unjust, (or, as a matter of fact, the bill is an adaptation of the Imperial Food and Drugs Act of 1875, which repeals all previous Acts, and is therefore a consolidation of the pro- visions previously in force relating to this ' subject. It is true there are adulteration provisions in the Innkeepers and Beerhouse Acts, but the adulteration of spirituous liquors is provided against in the Licensing Act Amendment Bill introduced into the Queensland Parlia- ment by the present Government. It may therefore be considered that the legislation contemplated has thc full advantage of the experience gained in the mother country, and is sufficiently comprehensive in its bearing. The title of the bill, " to make pro- vision for the sale of Food and Drugs in a pure state," clearly states its scope and intention. The bill contains thirty-one clauses. Clauses 2 to 8 inclusive deal with the " Description of Offences " under the Act. No person shall mix, colour, stain, or powder, or order or permit any other person to mix, colour, stain, or powder any article of food with any ingredient or material so as to render the arîicle in- jurious to health, with intent that the same may be sold in that state ; and no person shall sell any article so treated under a penalty in each case not exceed- ing £50 for the first offence, and on every offence after a conviction for a first offence shall be a misdemeanor for which the person on conviction shall.be imprisoned for a period not exceeding six months with hard labour. A similar pro- vision makes it penal, to the same extent, to m ix dru gs with injurious ingredients and selling such drugs. But no person shall bc liable to conviction under these sections if he shows to the satisfaction of the court before whom he is charged that he did not know of the article sold by him being so coloured or adulterated, and that he could not with reasonable dili- gence have obtained that knowledge. It is further set forth that no person shall sell any article of food or any drug which is not of the nature, substance, and quality of the article demanded by such purchaser under a penalty not ex- ceeding £20-provided that an offence shall not be deemed to be committed tinder^ this section in the following cases'* (1) Where any matter or ingredient not in- jurious to health has been added to the food or drug because the same is required for the production or preparation thereof as an article of commerce in a fit state for carriage or con- sumption, or fradulently to increase the bulk, weight, or measure of the food or drug or con- ceal the inferior quality thereof. (2) Where the drug or food is a proprietary medicine, or is the subject of a patent in force, and is supplied in the state required by the specification of thc patent. (3) Where the food or drug is'compounded as in this Act mentioned. (4) Where the food or drug is unavoidably mixed with some extraneous matter in the process of collection or preparation. No person shall sell any compounded article of food or compound drug which is not composed of ingredients in accordance with the demand of the purchaser, under a penalty not exceeding ,£20, provided that no such mixing shall be deemed an offence under this Act, if at the time of delivering such article the seller shall supply to the person receiv- ing the same a notice by a label dis- tinctly and legibly written or printed on or with the article to the effect that the same is so mixed. It is also made unlawful to extract any ingredient from any article of food with the intent that it shall be sold in its altered state, if by such abstraction the food is affected injuriously; and no person shall sell any article so altered without making dis- closure of the alteration under a penalty in each case not exceeding £20. Clauses 9 to iS inclusive relate to the appointment and duties of analysts and proceedings to obtain analysis. Any Municipal Council or Divisional Board may, and when required to do so by the Colonial Secretary shall, for their respective municipality or division, appoint one or more persons possessing competent knowledge, skill, and experience as analysts of all articles of food and drugs sold within the said municipality or division, and shall pay to such analysts such remuneration as shall be eventually agreed upon ; but such appointment shall at all times be subject to thc approval of the Colonial Secretary. And in case of any munici- pal council or divisional board re- fusing or neglecting to appoint such analyst after being required to do so by thc Colonial Secretary, then such analyst may lie appointed by the Governor in Council, who shall order payment to such analyst ont of the funds of such municipality or division of such ; remuneration as shall be mutually agreed ; upon. lt is also provided that an | analyst may act for more than one place. ' Il is further provided that any purchaser of an article of fond or of a , (hui; fur analysis shall be entitled upon ? payment to the analyst of the district j ut a sum not exceeding twenty shillings ' lo h .ive the article analysed. And any inspector of nutviuces or other officer . appointed by the 'local authority charged j with the execution of this Act, may pro- cure any sample of food or 'hugs : .anil if lie suspect tile same to have been sold to him contrary to any provision of this Act, shall submit the same to be analysed, and the analyst shall give such officer a certificate wherein he shall specify the result of the analysis. j As a protection to the shopkeeper, it is required that the person purchasing I any article witli the intention of sub- mitting it to be analysed shall, after the purchase has been completed, forthwith notify to the seller or his agent selling the article his intention to have the same analysed by the public analyst, and shall offer to divide the article into three parts, to be then and there separated,andeach part to be marked and scaled, or fastened up in such a manner as its nature will permit, and shall, if required to do so, proceed accordingly, and shall deliver one of the paris to the seller or his agent. He shall afterwards retain one of the said paris for future comparison, and submit the third part to the analyst. If the seller or his agent do not accept the offer of the purchaser to divide the article purchased in his presence, thc analyst receiving the article shall divide the same into two parts, and shall seal or fasten up one of those parts, and shall cause it to bc delivered, either upon receipt of this sample or when he supplies his certi- ficate, to the purchaser, who shall retain the same for production in case pro- ceedings shall afterwards be taken in ' 'the matter. If the analyst do not reside within two miles of the residence of the purchaser, thc article may be forwarded to the analyst through the post subject to any regulations which the Post- master-General may make in such cases. Any person refusing to sell to any such inspector any article or drug he may have exposed for sale, on the price being tendered for it, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding £to. Clauses 19 to 27 relate to the mode of taking proceedings against offenders ; and clause 28 provides that the expenses of executing this Act shall be borne out of the revenues of the municipalities or divisions in which it may be respectively enforced. All penalties go to the pro- secuting officer and must by him be paid to the authority for whom he acts, and applied towards the expense of execut- ing this Act. The concluding clauses make special provision as to tea, requiring that all tea imported as merchandise on and after the ist January next shall be subject to examination by persons to be appointed by the. Collector of Customs subject to the approval of the Treasury, and samples may be taken for an analysis when deemed necessary by such inspec- tors. And if it be found to be mixed with other substances or "exhausted" tea, the same shall not be delivered unless with the sanction of the Collector, and on such terms and conditions as he shall see fit to direct. But if such tea is in the opinion of the analyst unfit for human food, the same shall be forfeited and destroyed, or otherwise disposed of in such manner as the Collector shall direct. The sketch we have given of the bill will show that its provisions are very stringent, and it is well that they should be thoroughly discussed ant* understood by the public before the bill becomes law. Tim monthly meeting of the Committee of the Hospital will be held in the Court HouBe, this afternoon, at four o'clock. THE Ghost entertainment drew a fair house last night at the School of Arts. A change of programme is announced for HÜB evening " Faust " and a negro farce. THE performance at the Theatre lost night consisted of "Black-cy'd Susan" and the burlesque of " Aladdin," which went off successfully. To-night Shakespeare's " Ham- let " will be produced, with Mr. Clinton as thc Danish Prince and Miss Clara Stephenson in her great part of Ophelia. YESTERDAY Mr. J. Gibbons, the foreman of the river improvements, afforded a few friends the pleasure of a trip down thc river beyond Central Island. A start was made shortly after ten o'clock in thc steam launch Ant, and a landing effected at the Government slip, where the sportsman of the party brought his abilities into play on a native bear which was safely ensconced up a gum-tree. The second shot brought away a branch of the tree, with thc bear clinging to it. On reaching thc ground he made tracks for his farmer quarters, when a final shot put an end to his existence. The excursionists were escorted to Mr. Gibbons' residence, where a substantial lunch received ample justice. Thc slip and work- shops were inspected, there being a wooden punt on thc former under- going repair ; the two iron hopper punts were moored inside tho training wall, having been recently overhauled. A fine view of thu wall, stretching away to a distance of two miles and a-half, was observed, the tide being low at thc time. The last portion is in thc hands of thc contractors, Messrs. Smith and Jensen, who are getting 011 satis- factorily with the work under thc supervision of a Government overseer. A fine run down thc river was made to Brown's Crossing, wherothePhillis, from Adclaidcwith flour, was observed snugly moored under thc south bank, where she has boen awaiting a high tide for thc past few days. On the opposite sand- spit tho ketch lloolct, bound for Mary- borough, was lying high and dry, taking in sand ballast. At thc crossing a substantially built dwelling house has been erected for Mr. Spasshat, who has charge of thc leading lightsI which came into operation on dunc 1, Hero were pitched the tents of the survey parting, and on ncariup; Central Island their boat was anchored. Mr..Kliott, who was in charge, has buen engaged iu taking siding lines preparatory to the usual survey being elicited. At the further end of the islam! thc immigrant ship Scottish kassie was safely anchored, and after a run past her a detour was made, .and thc launch passed the sliiii. tin: customary salutations being rvchnnecd. Tin: little steamer havins a favourable fide travelled at a good pace! On returning'to (lie training wall a fine view I was (uki n of it flinn its surface, ¡url then thc di-od-e was visited. The llrcuicv had been I idle during the week, sonic necessary repairs having ti lie attended to, hut for (lie past mouth slio hus dredged upwards nf WW) tons of stuff, inustiy gravel, which was conveyed in punta, and emptied at the wall thereby helping to secure it. The Bremer was soon left behind, and the steam tug Mary inspected. She is receiving some attention from the engineer and a workman from Burns nnd Twigg'» establishment, who are overhauling the machinery. The old boat appears all the better for the coat of paint she has been treated to. Thc slip was reached at 4'30, and on Mr. Gibbons' invitation the party adjourned to his domicile, where viands and wines were discussed in good style, the trip having improved thc appetite. After bidding their host and Mrs. Gibbons farewell the gentlemen returned to town about six o'clock, having spent a most enjoyable day. THERE were no cases for hearing at the Police Court yesterday, but to-day there »re a few summons causes to be dealt with. Mn. JAMS* THOMSON reports the delivery to Mr. W. Pattison of 179 fat bullocks from Calliope Station, which completes the contract of GOO head sold to Mr. Pattison from that station. YESTRUTIA V upwards of throe dozen blanket« were despatched to Marlborough for distribu- tion to the oboriginos by the police. A fur- ther supply is intended to bc forwarded to Westwood for a similar purpose. AK advertisement on another page an- nounces that a united religious service will be held this evening, at seven o'clock, in thc Primitive Methodist Church, for the special benefit of the new arrivals by the Scottish Lassie. The immigrants by the Scottish Lassie arrived at the wharf yesterday afternoon, about five o'clock. Dr. Salmond, on his second visit to the ship, found the patients in the hospital much improved, and having been satisfied that no danger would accrue to the public health, granted pratique. The ship was exceptionally clean in every part, and the Health Officer's instructions on this subject had evidently been faithfully carried out. On Tuesday evening the Scottish Lassie was towed up the river, and anchored under Central Island. The disembarkation began about noon yesterday, the luggage and single men occupying a barge ; and at half-past two o'clock the Fitzroy, crowded with the remain- ing immigrants, and having the punt in tow, left the vessel's side. A large number of the general public were to the wharf to see the new arrivals. The two passengers who were ill were taken in a buggy to the Hospital. Tho immigrants were then landed and taken by the wardsman to the Depot, where the quarters were in readiness to receive them, although from the late hour of their arrival, and their natural anxicty about the safety of the luggage, some confusion was unavoidable. The single men and girls look strong and healthy, and the married people are young, and have few children. They seem a likely lot of colonists, and it is to be hoped they will soon find employment, though it must be con- fessed the prospects are rather gloomy. There seems to have been a good feeling throughout the voyage between Captain Le Couteur and his passengers, who have presented that gentleman with an address expressive of thanks for the kindness and consideration he had shown to all on board. The officers of the ship are also highly spoken of in the address, which bears 253 signatures. Captain Le Couteur has requested us to thank the passengers for the feeling manner in which they acknowledged his services, and wishing them all health, success, and prosperity. We observe that the Primitive Methodists hold a religious service this evening, to which the immigrants are invited. 