Archbishop Vaughan at West Balmain. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a school in 'Wee ton-street, 'West Balmain, was performed on Sunday afternoon by'his (Jrace Archbishop Vaug-han, in the presence of over 1000 persons. The new school is intended to supply an educational went long felt among the Catholic residents of the district. The building will measure 100 feet in length, and 26 feet in width, and will be capable of accom modating 300 children. The working men in that district have been long engaged in energetically assist ing Father Dillon in providing school accommodation not only by their contributions, but also by their gratuitous labours in the mornings and evening, hefnre and after their usual working hours. By the efforts of these parishioners twelve allotments (each measuring 100 feet by 30 feet) have been purchased, andthe new school building will occupy a good position on these allotments. Among' the gentlemen present at Yesterday's gathering were the following: — Keys. F. E. Torreggiani, P. Hoolihan, O. S.F. ; P. J. Wahony, 'Walsh, Dalton, S.J.; G. Dillon, Dean Dwyer, and Pere Garavell, Messrs. D. O'Connor, M.L.A. ; W. J. Coo nan, M.L.A. ; W. H. Archer (Knight of the Eccle siastical Order of St. Gregory), J. J. Donovan, J.P. ; and a number of other well-known gentlemen. Archbishop 'Vaughan, prior to laying the foundation stone, addressed the gathering as follows : — It was only the other day that I had the gratification oflayingthefoundlation stone of a school at Forest Lodge — where, in a few minutes, si x bunded pounds were subscribed— before the end of this month 1 shall be doing the same for the great schools at Darlinghurst, and now T am here, in the midst of our Catholic working men, just abont to perforin the same ceremony for Father Dillon; and, I suppose, to fcay some few words upon the all-absorbing topic of Catholic education. And first of all I must express to you my unfeigned' delight at being in the midst of you this evemng. I look upon you, the Catholic working-men of tlitfttistrTct, with eyes and feelings of especial sympathy and admiration. ? You know that if you were travelling in Yorkshire, and you began to tell a Yorkshire man how much you Admired Mr. So and So, that Yorkshireman would at Obcie turn upon you sharp, and ask — What did he give you ? Now, what is it that you have given me, to compel ine to speak of you in the terms in which I have spoken { I will tell 'you : you have given me the consciousness that the very poorest of our people possess that true Catholic spirit which shows itself in great and noble works. You, the' Catholic people of Balmain, you arc descended from a race which has ever loved faith better than life, and ' which possesses an innate generosity which is, 1 think I may 6av it, especial to the Irish character. Let me for one moment quote the words of a great Protes tant historian. He says : — ' A standard of domestic virtue, a delicacy of female honour, was gradually formed amongst the Irish poor higher than in any other part of the entire, and unsurpassed if not unequalled in Europe. The very extension of poverty and mendicancy had produced among them a rare and touching spirit of charity, a readiness to 6hare with one another the last crust and the last potato. Domestic affections were more than commonly warm. The memorable fact that in the picscnt century not less than twenty millions of pounds nave been sent back in the 6pace of twenty years by those who went for the most part as penniless emigrants to America, .to their relatives in Ireland, illustrates a side of the Irish character which was already noticed by many observers ; and, in modern times, concerning which alone we can speak with confidence, infanticide, de sertion, wife-murder, and other crimes indicating a low state of domestic morality have been much rarer among the Irish poor man among the cor responding classes in England.'' I find these pregnant words of Mr. Lecky, regarding the generosity of the Irish people, home out as to their truth wherever I go throughout the colony. Their hand is set to every good work, and their charity is unbounded. So far, in general. But what have you the people of Balmain, done, that you should be num bered among6t those who have proved themselves worthy of thispraiBe V. Let me say what you have done for the sake of those who may not know. 1 will take the whole district served toy FathbrDillon. First, take Balmain proper. There you have.a convent, to begin with, which, in round, num Dcre, will have cost £6500, and l aui told that improvements and intefaal fittings and arrangements have entailed another, £1000. On all this the debt has been reduced to £1500: Father Dillon puts down the schools connected with the Church at £1300. But my main point is this— for 1 want jiwy audience to know what these people have done to male? ine praise them— that the labouring men and the citizensand the shipcarpentcrs have done what thousands did before them in the Ages of Faith, — they have given the work of their hands and tliq sweat ot their brow to the service of the Church. The church, for one reason and another, had fallen into great disrepair. The schools had become too final] . 'What did these people do ? For fifteen months they worked double tides — that is, after the toil and drudge of their daily work was over, instead of enjoying during the rest of the evening their well- earned repose, they set to work again on the church and on the schools, and began thejr-Jpbjrar of love. In the summer time they left 'off labour at' 4 p.m., and then set to working for the schools and the .Church till close of night. In winter they were not deterred, even by darkness, for I am told they labourod by lamplight at this great and glorious work for God. - I sny.M^tifee hands and arms will be blessed, those wearied feet, will ' walk in ways of peace,' for our Lord must love fiucjj^.nipn .as these,. who thus spend themselves in His service. Father Dillon tells me that he values the labours of ith§EOfniep a.t £400. : What have these men given me ? A f^Qr^V example of Christian workmen, working after working ihoursy and deep into the night, for the Church of their fathers; Let us now come nearer home still. Look at ftoferpuBd beneath your feet ; look at this large property whjjr-&r;!^kr£ assembled. How came it into our possession 'i . I s^y- we ow^'it to the Catholic .working men... These gentlemen— and they. are the true gentlemen of. the land, in its -highest sense — these gentlemen formed a committee and ' bought the land, and petitioned, me to send the Sisters of the Good Samaritan to teach in' the schools they had erected. Two of these gentlemen hcljl the. land tiU the appointment of Father Dillon2 and . then 'they made it over to the Church. The school itself cost £700, and £300 have been spent in furniture and appliances. . The land is valued at £800, making a total of £1800, with a debt remaining of £560. In one word, taking the two centres of labour, the Convent costing £7500, the schools of St. Augustine £1300, and those of St. '-Joseph £1800, we may say safely that over £10,000 have heeh spent in the advancement of morality and religion in ihe dietrict._ And this money has, at least in part, been collected, I think I may say in great part, by the weekly subscriptions of the poorer classes who, together with their ' religion, have brought into this country that splendid .generosity which is especial to the Irish people. I think, ladies and gentlemen, that I have now satisfied my imaginary Yorkshire friend ; and I believe that even he would be cnostrained to admit that 1 have very good reason, indeed, for praising the Catholic workmen of Balmain. And now if they will let me I will tell a bit of my mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with regard to those great events whiph are casting their dark and gloomy shadows before. They say in the country that when a storm is coming of unusual violence, the animals become unusually quiet in the fields, and there seems to be a hush in nature, till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, aud the thunder bellows as the forked lightning flashes on every side and drivers and chars, and turns into a black wreck the noblest tree of the forest. Though things cannot well be as bad this, I will not conceal from you or from myself that there are signs in the heavens of that which of all things else in a free country is likely to produce such a storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I refer to the spirit of tyranny and persecution that seems as if it was about., to be unchained. Am 1 not an English man 'standing here before the children of the Irish race? Have I not Bince the very first day I landed here, now well nigh six years ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you. And did I not tell you that our sympathies were welded together by bonds of ancient suffering,- and that (he thought of what your people went through on one side of the channel, joined to the thought of the persecutions suffered by my own on the i other^did I not say that this bound me to yon with unconquerable sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death? And have I not, during these rax years that 1 have been your spokesman and your mend, proved to you that those words were not vain words, but that they were the expression of a hidden energy that has spent itself and will spend itself to the end in your service ? And did we not congratulate one with another that we had found a home in a bright and sunny land, where ' nor sorrow nor crying should be anv more ; ' and did we not think that though the past were painful, still we had put 16,000 miles of sea between ourselves and the scenes of ancient suffering and degradation ? Yes, we did. But alas, have we not been too sanguine in our anticipations ? 'What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home? Because we preferred torture and death to acting against our conEcience, and to' be butchered and emboweUed rather than allow those for whom we were re rnsibleto be tampered with in their faith. We hoped t we had escaped from all forms of tyranny and perse cution by coming so far away— where we were told that all were equal, and all were free. I hoped that by my kindness to you, and by standing up for you, and defending you, and showing sympathy and love to you, that I should in some way make up for all you had undergone at the hands of my own countrymen ; and I did hope that they out here would only be too glad to join me and treat you with exceptional tenderness, especially with regard to your religion and your children, with the thought in their minds — with the burning consciousness of all the cruel, monstrous wrongs that they, had inflicted on you in the past. But all this seems to be a vain illu sion — a dream from which we are to be aroused by about the most ingeniously devised piece of scientific perse cution that has been invented in modern times. The end of the more brutal form of persecution, and of the more culti vated is one — it is to destroy our holy religion., I believe the scientific method is more effective, and I believe more odious, than the more expeditious way, of tearing out the heart and bowels of a livine: and grown man. Here the plan is to strike at little children — at the helpless little children of the Catholic poor. Do you know that in the days of trial they had a special instrument for squeezing the life and . blood out of those Catholics who declined to deny their God? It was a kind of press, with a screw at the top. The Catholic man or woman was shoved into this press, just large ' enough to hold one ; the top was forced down with the screw until it touched the head and back of the victim. Then the real operation begun. By a slow, almost imper ceptible, process, the top was continually pushed further and further down till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and the whole body col lapsed into a mangled bleeding mass. This was called 'The Scavenger's Daughter.' Now the modern Scavenger' 6 Daughter is of a different construction. The Archbishop and Bishops have told you that the secularist system and schools founded on that system, so far as Catho lics are concerned, are ' seedplote of future infidelity, im morality, and lawlessness,' for they tend towards destroy ing the fulness of your Catholic faith, and hence of your Catholic morality and reverence, and I am glad to see that the newspapers have been fixing that condemnation indelibly on your minds by their continued and oppor tune quotation of the words of the Joint Pastoral. Well, using my private judgment in the choice of an expression, I would call those schools ' Scavengers' daughters,' because they are the most effective instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually and almost imperceptibly the Catholic faith out of a Catholic people. I have said this before in other woids ; the Bishops have spoken with me ; the world knows what our teaching is; it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non- Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been in all the news papers, that we object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, and think I may. say boldly, spoken out as was our bounden duty, knowing as we did that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to our views. What has been the result ? First of all, a hurricane of abuseand endless insult cast upon what, is dearer to us than life itself, on our holy religion. As to those who have abused and insulted me personally, the worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they may have the grace to become Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our case. One thing, I believe all will admit — that our case has been stated clearly, and is perfectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. The outlines of the new education scheme are laid- before the colony. What are its provisions? What is its drift ? There is one thing in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evidently attempts to meet the requirements cf some large sections of the community. It not only implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also aims at answering some of their wants. The Church of England ?? will . have greater . facilities for religious in struction ; the Nonconformists will have, it seems, all they want, so for as they are concerned; the League will have several concessions, partial com pulsion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom from fees. . I admire any attempt at meeting the wishes of large classes. I am only too pleased when I see my fellow colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives them, as fathers and mothers, peace aud happiness when they think of their children. I would be among the first to . interfere, the first to speak out were they tyrannized over, or were their conscientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of the new bill solicits my respect. But this very quality which I admire as bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sense of grief and indignation when I reflect that Catholics exclusively are, in a studied move, apparently ignored, whilst in reality they are trampled on. 'Workingmen of Balmain, I am addressing myself to you. You love your religion better than your life, if I may judge from the past. You would rather die than jeopardise the future Catholic prospects of your children. Your Church and your Bishops proclaim what your con sciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth — that you may not send your- children to Public schools. You are poor, working, honest, labouring men, getting your 35s. a ?week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, aud to bring up your children as good and respectable as you are yourselves. In you I am addressing all the labouring Catholics an the colony. We Catholics represent some one third — some say ijiore some less — of the population. The new bill treats tenderly all the other sections. How does it treat you? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagina tion, and Irishmen are not deficient in that, can you in your wildest moments imagine a single point in that bill which shows that you have been thought of with kindness and sympathy ? Have you not the painful consciousness that so far as this' new scheme is concerned your case bn« been ignored, whilst all others have been thought of? Show me one single point where there is a 6ign, or shadow or ghost of a shadow of a sign that respect has been felt for the conscientious convictions of one third of the population, of the great Catholic interest in this colony. Thought of ! Yes, you have been thought of, you have not been ignored. It would 6eem to some that you have been unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that they might not, even by some inadvertent blunder throw you some miserable shred of j ustice. And they have not kept you in view in vain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have, knowingly or unknowingly, invented an instru ment of scientific persecution exquisite in its perfection for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations under foot. Workingmen of Balmain, let me explain myself. You have to live on hard-earned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf from the door. What does the new bill do for you, for the thousands of the Catholic poor? Does it sympathise with your poverty, and encourage your sturdy faith, and soothe your hard life by giving your children a chance of being instructed in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics ? I will tell you in a few words what it does for you. If it could speak it would say— though its framers may not mean it— it would say : — ' I am a modern monstrosity so contrived as to flatter all sections of the community except the Roman Catholic. These miserable creatures must be got rid of somehow, but first of all they must be kicked and insulted. My 'predecessor, born in 1866, was a fair speci men of persecution for that day, but we are older now, and have advanced further into light. That bill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for the education of other people's children, in schools they I could not. use themselves. But I am an improvement I on that I am going to build great Grammar schools for bov6, and the Catholics shall pay equally wuli those who use them for those . also. Palaces for girls shall also be established where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their home and with their lot. Catholics, though* they cannot use these, shall pay for_ them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the_ schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their burden here as well. To this I mean to add about the most exquisite insult possible, that is to have each Public school, having so _ many children, furnished with a class-room which Catholics cannot use. In tlii8 class-room all the various denominations whose very existence is a protest aeainst the Catholic religion, shall teach their various creeds, and as a necessary consequence condemn the faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for the very buildings in which, day after day, and hour after hour, their religion is, ^ or may be denounced in terms well-known to all ? To this insult, perfect in its kind, I am going to add an injury equally perfect in its nature. Having ignored every single just demand, having made the Catholics pay, as has been described, I then carryihe war into the enemies* camp. They still have Denomina tional schools, they love them, they are proud of them, they erected them at.great expense — these I mean to knock on the head. For, since Catholics are the poorest section of the community, and since their small means are forced from them to pay for the education of other people's children, how will they be able, poor as they are, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own as well as those of others ? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees? They may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their ' bath of supernatural light,' and if they do not become infi dels or ranters, they will become nondescripts — and anything, even a blackfellow, is better than a Papist.' Such is the language that the new bill, so far as I lmow anything of it speaks to me. I do not mean to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter the intentions of legislation. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the bill, to any intelligent man who has ears to hear, and to every intelligent Catholic who has a soul, and a heart beating in his body. It is a modern monstrosity of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are con cerned; and I believe every fair-minded man in the community will sympathise with us, assist us to preserve our freedom of conscience, and to obtain our just and self evident rights. Why should we alone be ignored ? Why should our cry not be heard ? Why should Catholics, and only Catholics, be trampled on, and insulted in the way that , I have described ? We do not stand in the way of others : we rejoice when they iare happy ; when they can feel that their children are doing well, it is a true pleasure to us. What pleasure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, and are as outcasts of the people ? What pleasure, in this nineteenth century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, as will be produced if that bill becomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not believe that the majority, the sound portion of the com munity, will stand by silently and not support us in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. You working men of Balmain, you Catholics of this colony to whom my voice or my words will reach, be true to yourselves in tms great crisis. Your religion, the one dearest thing in life, is at stake. If your children . are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools they cannot become thorough Catholic men ; and a Catholic who is not thorough in his faith is generally the father of a line of indifferentists and apostates. And you, my own English countrymen, who love fair-play and a just measure, why not join me in your own way in seeing justice done ? One of you has already sent his generous subscrip tion of £5, and a most kind letter to Father Dillon. I seem to see many of you round me, if I mistake not. Let ? me enlist your sympathy in behalf of a righteous cause. Your hearts are true and 6tout, I know ; and you cannot stand by and not join the weaker side in supporting its just rights against what will be, as you know, a terrible tyranny and oppression. As for myself it is my voca tion, and my most solemn duty to defend and preserve the faith of my people. In me it would be no heroism to lay down my life in its defence, or to spill my blood out of love for iny flock. That is my profession, as a soldier's is to go to war and to risk his life for his Queen and country. Let not the world think that the Catholic faith can be blotted out by any instrument however modern and subtle in its operation. It has lived 1800 years and more, and it will abide to the very end. It is my part, during my short span, to protect it ; and I hope, by God's grace, to spend my life and strength and such little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remember, Union is strength, and Perseverance alone is crowned. Let us unite, let us persevere, and in the end we shall be placed on an equality with our fellow- colonists, and be suffered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics, without being deprived for doing so of our just help for secular instruction. We are strong in numbers, our cause is a righteous one ; and let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victorious issue. His Grace was frequently heartily cheered during the course of his address, and when he concluded three ringing cheers were given in his favour. Mr. O'Connob, M.L.A., followed, and expressed the belief that there was a very dark time coming in this colony, in which there would be a great struggle, not between Catholicism and Protestanism, but between Christianity and Infidelity. With regard to the educa tional measure referred to by Archbishop Vaughan, it should be remembered that it had not yet passed the Legis lature, but had merely been conceived by one whose inge nuity was only equalled by his hatred of Catholicism. There were, however, Protestants in the Legislative Assem bly who were a credit to humanity, and who would not lend their sanction to this tyrannical measure, and he had no doubt that the Catholics would triumph in the end, as they deserved to do. (Cheers) . The Bishop of Armidale also delivered a short ad dress, in the course of which he characterised the new Edu cational Bill as an unjust measure in its effect upon the Catholic portion of the community, and trusted that the Legislature would yet see the justice of permitting the Catholics to exercise their freedom to the full. The ceremony ot laying and blessing the foundation stone was then performed by the Archbishop. During the proceedings contributions were solicited in aid of the building fund villi such success that £406 7s. 6d. was obtained, principally in sums of £2 and under. ? 