A Ionn?inr.. Sonsi oir Ti'. (itnl..-Some employcs of tile Pittsburg, Tiitusville:, and lulfatilo railroad related a sl'ange and hor rible Story yesterday. It seems that a man died last week at Trimunph, small place not far fromnt Tidleont. The body was kept three days, and at tle c:piration of that fime was Uiiied. lThe suspicion took so strong a hold upon1 thle 1)people that it was resolved to exhnume tihe body, and the collin was dlisinterred on Saturday last, after having lain thres days in the grave. Tie lid w's wrenchied off, when a horrid sighbt greeted the eves of the resurrectionists. Evidiently the suipposed corpso hlad revived, and evidently the wretched manu had fought despera'tely for life. Inlmprints of his finger nails were visiblel oil the lining of the coflin, which in some places was torn into shreds. The cofltn itself was strained and wrenched apart at the jointigs in til, death agonies of the iniserable man who was buried aliveo. Ielo had turnedc completely over, tand was found lying upoin his breast, hIis distortedl conitenau ce indicating the frightful suffer ings lie lhad undergone.-I'ittsburg Dis patchl, April 10th. ['.iis CiiivuiEm.D C.ai:iR Oi A Mi.1. O." (Gi.,s..-Sir Antonio l'Panizzi, the formier liirisns of the British iuuseemn, who lately died, was in maniy respects a most remark :lle mI. .In the first quarter of the 1rse seut century lie was ns Itilian revolution ist. Seutenced to death, lhe escaped and flew tolEnglhnd, after thie scaffold on whlich lie was to have beein executed ihad .een erected. The execustionor lhad thle hIimour to.soud hiim i bill for the wasted anterial oisd tiie which had been sPlent ill tlihe erec tioe of , clicattd gallows, aud 'Pauizi pIro snised paymlent ,in the next world. His early daysin England were spout in Livwr pool. Theoy were hard days. The future knight of the Bath, tile friend of prime minist&rs;, tlfe adminration of all cultivated men, was forced in those times to eat his dinner off a. ntato-stall in thle street, and was -glad, oeough to fhe so fortunate as to-li able to pay fJr it. Finall-, whcn in spite of adverse fate .ho rose to thie position of iljinrian of the'Britisi Museum, he repaid the British public by creating for them tile iAues't: library in existence. 'When hlie came t'o thnmnseum its books were cllhaos. ie liot only reduced tllhem to order, ult lie cat alogueod them. and lmade tle least known of tbhem accessible to tile student. His friends numbered among them tihe most distini guiohod men of the day, uand Mlr. Gladstone sat at his feet and increaised his.entlusiasm for the cause of Italian:liberation. A I'ELIoIous Irosror.n Is Russul.--A cnri ous trial took place tile otlher day in tile government of Saratoff in Russsia. TIwo peasants named Tokarefl and Kotchlletkoff, wero- accused of obltaining money under false prctences. Tokareff lind golne from village to villageo stating tlit lie was tile darthly Christ, and that Kotchetkoff s;as Baba'oth; that hlie was inspired by tile Holy Ghost, and that God had given him the power of suentencing and punishing all men on the day of judgnment. Hlis white fisce, surroiuhded by coal-black locks, :his iglitter ing black eyes, tlhin compressed lips, hum blo look, and low, harnonions maimner of spealding are staited to have -produced an ex triordinary impression on lthe villagers, who readily gave him anything hlie asked for to procure exeamption from punnislnmd nt aftei death. He usually delanded a horse and a load of wheat, or a hundred roubles, declaring that those who made such an of foring to him thereby made for themselves "a ladder by which to attain et'rnal life and the pardon of all their sins." One of the witnesses, a wealthy peasant named Lochoff said that rTokareff had told him hisl soul could not be saved unless ie would sell hIis house, fast for nine days, and then bIring ilini tile pnrcliase-muoney as an ofl'ering. Lochoff didl as lie was instructed and placed two hundred and fifty roubles, thle amount of the purchase-money, on a table in front of a picture of the Virgin. Tokareff took the money but soon afterwards told Loclhoff it was not suflicient, and nout only induced him to make more offerings, but even to give up his wife to be employed by Tokareff as a servant. It also appeared that throee women lived with Tokaroffl whon lie called his "spiritual wives" and "mothers of God" and an iron chain ,ithl the inscrl'ption, "Lord of glory " was produced, which Toklt reff said hlie had obtained from an nnklnown person, The court acquitted lotchetkoffT, and sentellced Tokalrcff to repay to his dupes the money lie had receivedi from thllem, and to serve for fifteen months in the criminal companies of the Russian army. GAlmmETTA,'s OrIaox oi. ,F sI,.sx.--TIIOe Paris correspondent of the New York Tri bunc hars been favoured with an interview by M. Gambetta, who laid stress iii his conversation on the troubles which hlie fears are in store for England, owing to the aggregation of hlier peopI'in a few centres. elo said :-" Some of her prcsent ills woreo dueo to universal causes, others to. tlhe over development of manufacturing cities, whllich degraded population and placed national wealth on an unsteady biesis. Agricultural Italy must over, in tihe long ru, have tihe iadvantage over tratlicking Carthage. In one way free-trade was thie source of evil to England that protection would be to tile United States and the B3ritish colonies. It brought too muchl blood into grimy cities, where tile smoke of a mill shlluts out tihe light of heaven from the operative. Withll out heaven's light, coutinued in his eml5 phatic manner Gamlbetta, the workman is a brute. To find a glulimse of tile idea to. wards vlwhicll oevery humian being istinct ively aspires, he squanders his wages in gin. O, yes, without sunlight and tlle blue sky there is nio invention, nio skill, no sociabil ity to be found among tlihe lboulring poor. The tidy, thrifty, artistic F1'ming becomes at MIons anld Lille a besottedl anminil. Mainufactures carried to a great extenlt killedi tile Moors in Spain. Hle siholll lie sorry that tllhey killed England, for lie had good reasons for loving her. In the United States the lalonur Ilparty is another outconme of big cities and over-stimulaitedl manufiac tures. ' All I want,' said the ex-dictator, 'public instruction to do. in France is to enabllle thile peasanst to appreciate thie felici ties of on agricultural life, mand to lend him the aid of science in cultivating his field.' (3alnbetta sloke withll kindness of Grcvy, but lamelltedl Ilsi contracted icdilis of Eniso pean affairs. Emg!ullad's foreign perplexi tie:;, hlie saidl, wcre' traceable to tho. llind policy of Gladstone anid his Manchester colleagues. They kept back Italy and Austria friom hIellping France." ... - Goon Newsi on ?rSx-Gl:ows':aln. - The statemenit in in Adelaide tclegram tlha, according to advices receivced,,sopo.ship. ilsests of gra::pos i1y thle steamnslip Gaicrolnh had reachedi Englund. il smpleidid condlitioll, is wvortll paying attention to. 1Here duiring tie vintage grapes are often a drug in the imarket. In Lonldon grapes of good kinds, in splendid conditidn are certnin to com meand a splendlidpricc. Aind it sllould not be iorgotten. that grapces from Australia would reach. England at a season whven thlley collid niot be procured from otller sources--a ,circlumstance which would of course increase their value. Some grapes swere sent from this colony to Paris during the tunme of the late exhibition; but we~o do not remember' havingl met witli any report upoli their coidlition, or tl!ierodscets of profit iii tile trade. The dxlp menlnt of fh few trial shllipmolent is loweveor well worthl being. miade, now t.hast thellore isno dolubt as to the cleur practicability of delivering them in a moarlletablo stabt. The freight would pIerhLaps be expCSIsiveas the 1aclkigeOU wousld occupy a con;iderablo space; Iut we are very much mistaken if:the difference be twveen ilthe price for whlichl the fruit could be procured hero anid tile price for which it couhll be sold tliere would not cover.all l!ps- sible costsl and l -oe R llanlssom margin of profit hesides.. O()f course as grapcs:are a- peculiarly perishuble comnmodity thie cx: lerilnenit, to lhave any chllance of su'lidccess,. shoullld be conducted with thle llost careful uIrc-crraingemient oni both sides of thie water. List there is no roason whly overyting" couldI noiot be nunaged so as to reduce the risk of deterioration- to the lowest point. As the main fact has been established that the article can be conveyed by steamer to England and delivered in splcndild colci tion, all subsidiary dihiculties should be o.l5sily surmounted.-Eclco. Some of our song-composers (says Figaro) -oflr curious bargains. For ins:ance, 3Ir. Iloeclkel advertises a laddie so shy for cighteenpence, Mr. Cooke a lonely heart for twopence, MIr. Cowau's song is at last a shilling, Mr. Wakelin offers a vi!llge maiden for ninepence, 3Mr. IIenry Leslic a bcautifll death for cighteenpence, Mr. Millar says I vow I once more will love thee for two shillings, Mr. Patsy oiffers a little maiden for eightecnpenec, Mr. Skeetoe offers lost love for two shillings, Mr. HIatton wvill give merry bridal bells for eighteen pence, Mr. Lonsdale bids Johnny delon't be rude for so trifling a sum as two shillings, Mr. Sirn says I'm awfully ticklish for a shilling; Mr. Levey proclaims I'll be merry still for ninepence, and he does not love me for cighlteenpence; Mr. Marriott is on duty for a shilling, Mr. Havergall offers one by one for eighteenpence, Mr. Glovcr is true to thee for a shilling ; and, lastly, Mir. Dettmar is very much married for cighteen pence. A ,elgian professor has published a work entitled Periodicito ldes Grands Deluges IResultant du Mouvement Graduel dc laI Ligueo des Aspides de Is Terre, in which lhe warns us that we Imay be on the look-out for another deluge of thie world. At ccrtain regularly recurring intervals, le maintains, the waters of one hieumisphler e are suddenly precipitatced across the equator and flood the other. The last of these delnges, which always ilow from northl to south, or from south to north, was that of Noah's timc, which was from the north. IHence lthe ex planation of tle great proelpoliderance of water in the southIernI hemisphere, and of the general southern ltrend of North and South America, Africa, and many minor peninsulasi . The next of these deluges will flow froms the south to the north. Thel c:ause, he argucs, is the alterunate increase and decrease in the ico caps at the poles, and tlhe consequent change of the ecirthl's equilibrium. Since 12418 the south pole has becen continually enlarging, while the northl pole has been proportionally diminishing; to-day thie diameter of the soathern glacier being about 8000 miles and that of the northern l1500 miles. When these two glaciers shall havo arrived at their maxi mum and minimum extension, then will the earthl tilt over iand be snubmerged by an other great flood, the fifteenth of the kind that has occurred. lIespecting the Polyphlmeus double screw steel armnour-platied torpedo-ram, building at Clhatham, the Times says :--Among the other novelties which are to be introduced into the Polyphemus torpedo-ram eat Chat hnm, are two which .deserve to be particu larly mentioned. The one Ihas roference to the structure of the hull itself, and consists of a hollow heel for thie storage of iron bailast, and whlich oni being let go will cause the ship to rise considerably ill the water, and tlhis enableo her to continue the light after her upper deck has been lshot away. The other novelty has referenuce to the machinery, which is being manufao tured by Messrs. l-Humnphlrys and Tenuant of J)eptford. Instead of the ordinary iron marine boiler, the Polyphemus will be fitted withl teli steel boilers of tihe locomotive typo, resembling those with which our torpedo boats are filrnishcd. They are to work up to 12Olbs. oni the square inch, or double the ordinary high-pressure standard. While thIe displacement of the ram is to be 2(300 tons, thle cgines are to develop tie extra ordinary ipbwer of 5500 horses. The csti mated speed is seventen knots, or as many anlmost as thile Iris, whichl was specially built for speed; and she is to have sutlti cienut bunker spuice tO eilalle her to steam to Gibraltar with some hundlred tons to spare. The larg o'blank whlich hoeets the eye in, the map of Australia when tihe western and north-western portions are regarded, lhas been long a sort of recognised ijistitution. The hiatus in the map of this continent is inot likely to continni nuch longer to so largeo an oextent, for thie explorer is restless. The central portion of West Australia is too dry and poor to be utiliscd in the preseint genceration, lbut the desert has been out flanked by a recent imarch. Mr. Alexander Forrest lhas carrined his explorations to a poinct on tie coast hitherto unvisited, aind Iris report speaks of magnificent cont-ry passed through. The aIntitudilo whore this tract occurs is indeed high, being in the slane piarallel with Triniity 1Bay, and fin-thor niorth thal n cn thle imost northern of the shoep stations in Carpentaria. But after all;, tile wetiteis country has nesver boen ex plored excepit m narrow tracts. It is only witlhinl thie last few years tlat tie miore readily accessible wasto lanlds of Queens land and of thie northern to:ritory have been regarded as worth lookinig after, and even now much tlhat a couple of years ago was about to Ice stokeld Ihas reverted to the crown, in con;ceu'iciio of tie deplreciation in pirices of wnool ancd stock anid thIe result ant ipartial paralysis of pastoral enterprise. The turn of niorthl-western Australia will scarely arrnivc untl til e more profitably at tainauble tracts in Qoueensland and the niortlcern territory shall have been utilisod and ablisorbed. 3But When that day arivies crnch will have beeo n learned, enterprise will be quilcekied by the prospect of advant ago - cand the establishmcnt of one or nmord fair colonies in those noew ilpoopled coasts will be among the inovitables. - S. M. Herald. A I-ighland bagpiper on his travels opened his wallet by a woodsido and sat down to disnner. No sooner had lie said graco thai,threeoo wolves came about him. Ti'o.ono hel throw Ibrondil, to anothor moast, till his provendor was all gone. At length hI tooln up his bagpipos and obegan to play, at which thIe wolves ran away. "The deil talke me,"-said tlIe dinuerless piper, " an I hlad kein'd you lo'od music sano weal, you should hai haed it before dinner." A justico of tie peace in a Peennsylvania ,rued towns married a couple the other ilday, and the groom askled him his termos after thie knot was tied. " Well," said thie jus tice, " tie ,.code allows me tiv( ' dollars." " Then," said thie young sman. " tlhero's a dollar;. thatwill make you threo." "Sc. helro,s Sinith," said a, fussy and rather deaf ollicor, -wo' was inspecting the stables of artillery horses, "see hero, Smithi.' Wihut do you clean your harness with? " Nothin', sir." "Ah, then don't do it with that any more. See how it rots the leather." A collection of the products of tile tim her, barkls, fruits, &e.;, of the colonies has been prepared by the director of the MIel bourne Boltanic-garden for the Sydney ex hibition, to show to what un.eful purposes it may bce found profitabic to turn some of the :aliuxant raw material which lies unnoticedl round about us. The vegetable extracts and preparaLtions will include fine charcoal obtained from eucalypt trees, she- oaks (cas narina), acacias, the priclkly box (Bursaria spinosai), c.; lanmpblack from tile sheathed rush, the Moreton Day fig; inks from tihe blatck wattle (acacia decurrnus); dyes from a numnber of woods--the Norfolk Island bloodwood, the erect she-oak, the Moreton Blay fig, the great tree nettle, the eurrijon.;, the wavy-leavedl pittosorlllum, the nmaple leaved sterculia, the mountain grass-treeoo, kc.; also lpotash, tannin, gums, oils, resins, acids, tar, varnishes, from a variety of sources; and amongst ediblo products of acclimatised vegetation there will be arrow root, preserved olives, olive-oil, &c.; No less tiuan fifty-two samples of paper prepared from indigenous or exotic plants will be sent. Of fibres the products of eighty-two different species of plants will be shown. Tlhere will bie a plentiful supply of polished woods, for one lhunidredil and thirty-seven specimens have been prepared, with des criptions of the peculiar properties and par ticular uses of each sort. To thile collection will be added thirteen samples of tlhe wood of undescribed species received from the northlrn territory.-3-Melbourne Argus. The definition of a railway given by one of our schoolboys tihe other day is; descrving of permanenaet record on account of its veracity. It was given in reply to a ques tion put by a schoolmastcer as to what a railway was, and it was to the following effect:-" A railway is a thing which looks like a ladder lying on tile ground when you looks at it from a carridge winidovw. It costs a miint of money in this hero countrvy about £2;0,000 a mile I been told --and lots of pounds to keep in order. It takes men two or three hundred miles into tihoer bush for to settle onto ther land; but whens these hero men they get settled for a twelve months or so, they find tlhey are on a squatter's land, which puts them into prison for trespass." Neithller the orthlo graphly nor the syntax in these sentences is perhalps in accordauce with the supreme caniois of Dr. Latham; but the sentiments are certainly pretty correct and pointedly expressed. There is about them something from which it may be premised that the author is likely to develop legislative qualities. It is well-known that condition lhas a great deal to do with success in racing, and an instance of this has occurred in a police court- case. A larrikin was brought up by a policeman who had run him down after a quarter-of-a-mile spin, and it caune out in evidence that the same policenmn lhas chased the ainme larrikin several times prc viously, but could niever before go fast enough or stay long eonogh to catch him. Lately he must have been improving, or the larrikin gone off, as the gentleman in blue collared his antagonist in less than a quarter-of-a-mile. A turn of speed is no unimportant qualification in a constable. If a small boy slides down a flight of stairs oni his head, a little piece of candy will generally cure hlim; but just let his mnother waft her old slipper across the base of hIis trousers for tihe space of a second, sud there is not enough hahnlm in Gilead to soothe the agitation. 