Whs Wffmthi the Wh&l;& WmihUÏ mmâ mouthing but th@ Tnth ¡J I i A GHOST STOKY. "Do you believe in ghosts?" was a question put to me the other day, and my answer instead of being the usual contemptuous reply of, "No, I should think not," was " Yes !" " Why ?" came the next question, and, in return, I related the following story, which is no fiction, but, as the title declares, " The Truth ! The Whole Truth ! ! and nothing but the Truth !" Several years pf my life were spent in a small town which I shall call " Baitville !'' it had been a garrison town at one time, but had ceased to be one long before I ever saw it, and all that remained of its military glory was a large square of green surrounded by houses-formerly the barracks ; in one of these houses my father, a retired officer, lived. The barrack square was a cheerful place, all the houses being inhabited by gentlemen's families-all, except one house, which stood a little apart from the others, and this was a house that "wouldn't let!" no one knew why, exactly; some said it was bad drainage ; others, more venturous and superstitious, declared it was haunted ; however it might be, there it always was, untenanted, with its bare Windless windows staring out into the square. It had been let about a year previous to our residence in the barracks, but the people had only stayed a fortnight in it. " Why ?" Nobody knew why, but there the fact remained. " It must be haunted," I asserted, looking up at it curiously, as my father and I passed it one day. "Nonsense, Edith," he answered, angrily ; " don't let me hear you talk such nonsense. I expect the rent is too high, or the drainage bad. " I was silenced, but not satisfied. About a week afterwards my father received a letter from the widow of a brother officer (a Mrs. Fitzgerald), asking -him to take a house for the season for her, as she wished her daughter to take music lessons from some good master. " Of course, if there is one vacant in the barracks," she wrote, "it will be much nicer, as Ada and Edith will be able to practice together ;. but if not, get one as near aB you can !" " I am glad," I cried out, as he read it aloud. " How nice it will be to see Ada again." " ' Den House ' will do nicely for her," said my father, as he took off his spectacles, having first of all folded the letter up neatly and put it into his waistcoat pocket. " Let me see ! The house belongs to Mrs. Blake ; I will go and enquire the rent at once." " The house that won't let !" I ejaculated. " The house that is going to be let, unless the rent is very extortionate, which, as it has been vacant so long, is not likely," replies my father, good humouredly ; " and, Edith, I depend on you not to be repeating anything you have heard about it to Mrs. Fitzgerald, as, if the servants hear only a murmur of any nonsense they will refuse to enter it." " Oh, I shall not say anything," I reply, readily, as I follow him to the hall and help him on with his coat, and hand him his hat and stick. " That is a good child," he returns, approvingly, and I stand at the hall door and watch him walk off with his firm military step. When he gets opposite Den House he pauses and looks up at it, and I know he is pondering what the rent will be, and whether he cannot get it for Mrs. Fitzgerald at a low rate. In about an hour's time he returns in high glee. Den House is secured at the remarkably low rate of £60 a-year ; and so he writes to Mrs. Fitzgerald, advising her to take possession as soon as possible. He has brought the'keys with him, and that afternoon we go over it together, and all my prejudices vanish as snow before the sun. It is a splendid house for the money, and has every convenience^ possible fine, spacious, light, airy, rooms, and everything in splendid repair. One room in particular takes my fancy-it has three windows that look out on the little garden at the back, a very pretty white and gold paper, and a nicely frescoed ceiling. " Mrs. Fitzgerald will make this the nursery," I remark, confidentially ; "she always likes a light cheerful room for the children." " It will do admirably-admirably '"-returns my father ; " it is quite a bargain !" Next week the Fitzgeralds arrive : the family consists of Ada-the eldest girl, an old schoolfellow of mine-she is a bright healthy looking girl of about eighteen, not exactly pretty, but of an attractive style ; two younger children, besides the baby, a fine child of ten months old, born after his father's death ; and Miss Allison, the children's gover- ness. Ada and I had great fun arranging the furniture and getting everything in order. As I had predicted, the room overlooking the garden at the back was immediately selected by Mrs. Fitzgerald as the most suitable one for the nursery. So at last Den House was inhabited, and lost its dreary desolate look. Mrs. Fitzgerald was charmed with everything about it, and she and my father were never tired of singing its praises. They had not been in it more than a month when important business called my father from home ; so it was arranged that I should stay with the Fitzgeralds, an arrangement that gave Ada and I no small satisfaction. " Is not it nice our being together again?" she said, and I assented most cordially. For a week we enjoyed ourselves splendidly, and then occurred the first incident that was to imprint all recol- lection of Den House indelibly on our brains. Miss Allison, and Ada and I, were all seated together, talking, one evening, in the drawing room-it was just getting dusk, when Mrs. Fitzgerald came into the room and said, angrily, " Ada, you really ought to have a little more consideration-you know how easily I am startled." " But what in, ma mere ?" answered Ada, looking up with her usual sweet smile. " Don't ask me that," replied Mrs. Fitzgerald, in the same tone ; " you must know very well what I mean-coming creeping from underneath one of the beds in the nursery in that stealthy manner, never answering me when I spoke, but rushing out of the door without a word ; and now, the very next moment, so to speak, asking me what I mean ? for shame, Ada." "I have never stirred from here for the last hour ; it could not have been me you saw," replied Ada in surprise. " It was one of you other girls, then," said Mrs. Fitzgerald; " it was too dark for me to see which." " But we have all three been sitting here for ever solong," I answer ; " so it could not have been either of us. "We have none of us left the room for more than an hour ; it must have been one of the servants." " I will ring.then, and ask," said Mrs. Fitzgerald; " for they had no business to rush past me in that manner, without answering me when I spoke." The housemaid answers the bell-Mary-and being asked, declares it covdd not have been either of them-as cook was bringing in the clothes, and nurse was sitting before the fire with baby, and she herself had been talking to her j they had j none of them been into the nursery since dinner. " It must have been your fancy, mamma," says Ada as soon as the servant has left the room ; " What were you doing ?" " I was looking out of the window," answered Mrs. Fitz- gerald in a puzzled voice; "I saw cook taking the clothes off the line, so it could not have been her ; and Mary's man- ner was very truthful. I can't understand it all. I saw some one come from under the bed as distinctly as I see you all now they rushed past me-and when I spoke never answered. You are sure it was none of you girls ?" " Quite sure," we all assert positively ; " you must have fancied it," I say. But Mrs. Fitzgerald shakes her head. " It was no fancy ;" she says steadily. "It must have been one of the servants then," says Miss Alison ; " for we never left the room." "It is very strange," remarks Mrs. Fitzgerald ; " but it is time we had tea. Pull down the blinds, will you, Edith?" I was standing near one of the windows, and prepared to obey, when the gate outside clicked, and, looking out, I saw a gentleman coming up the steps. " Here is Charlie Dallas !" I exclaim ; and then we all with one accord look towards Ada, whose cheeks flush most becomingly. It is not hard to guess, either, who it is Mr. Dallas comes to see. A few minutes later he is in the room, shaking hands with us all ; very welcome he is ; a nice gentlemanly young fellow may always be sure of a warm, welcome from the opposite sex; and Mrs. Fitzgerald is as glad to see him as any one of us. "How snug you all look," he says, his eyes wandering over towards Ada;-whose eyes are looking very bright, and all the pretty dimples in her cheeks are in full play. '' I have brought tickets for a concert to-morrow, Mrs. Fitzgerald," he says, producing an envelope. "It promises to be a very good affair ; you ought to take the young ladies." " Oh, how kind of you!" Mrs. Fitzgerald answers; "we were talking of going. You are not in a hurry, are you ?" for, having delivered the tickets, Mr. Dallas has risen to his feet as if preparatory to going. " Stay and take tea with us, can't you," she adds, seeing him hesitate. " Thanks ; I shall be very happy," he answers. "Howdo you like the house ?" he asks later in the evening, after tea. "Very much, indeed," Mrs. Fitzgerald answers unre- servedly. " It wouldn't let for a long time," he says, looking round the room ; " it had a bad name." "Whatfor?" enquires Mrs. Fitzgerald curiously, but un- moved. "For bad drainage," I interpose before he can reply ; and darting a warning look at him at the same time, as my father's warning suddenly thrust itself before my mind, and at the same time a sudden chill runs through me as I remem- ber the strange occurrence in the afternoon, or rather gloam- ing, " creeping from beneath the bed"-that is the sentence that keeps repeating itself in my brain; emphasis being laid always on the first word-creeping. He understands my look ; for he manages to change the conversation very skil- fully, and nothing more is said on the subject. He does not stay late, but goes at about half-past nine. I notice that he shakes hands with Ada last-a favourite manoeuvre of all lovers. We all go to bed early ; Ada is in very good spirits, and has evidently forgotten all about the afternoon's occurrence. But I fancy Mrs. Fitzgerald looks thoughtful and grave, and, as for me, I am far from being at my ease- though, naturally, I am a matter-of-fact girl, and braver than the general run ; but " creeping from beneath the bed." It sounded uncanny. That was the first link I had of the ghost story, the other did not come till some weeks later. It was on this wise : The housemaid came to my room one morning, looking about her cautiously-" Are you alone, Miss Edith ?" she said, sink- ing lier voice to a whisper. "Yes, quite alone. Do you want anything, Mary ?" I said in some surprise. " Oh, Miss Edith !" she answered, "I am sure there is something queer about this house ; cook and me is real sorry we ever came into it." " What nonsense !" I say; but my heart begins to beat very quickly. "What makes you think so ?" "Well, Miss, I wouldn't say any think to the Missus for worlds, or yet to Miss Hada ; but I knows you ain't easy frightened ; and this is just it-cook was short of salt, and had to go out to get some. Well, instead of going^to'the shop the Missus deals at, she went to one round the street that is nearer, and the man that served said, ' You are one of the servants to the party that 'as taken Den House, ain't you?' Cook says 'Yes.' 'Well,' says he, 'you've staid in it longer than I expected. The last party cleared bout in a fortnight's time, having 'ad quite enough of it,' as you'll all have afore you're done.' Cook asked him whether he meant the drainage wern't good; but he sez-' Drainage be bio wed; it aint the drainage as 'as kep Den House wacant all this time;' and more than that he wouldn't say. I thought perhaps if you saw him you might get him to say what he meant." " You should not mind a grocer's gossip," I say severely. " It is all nonsense, Mary ; and I know Mrs. Fitzgerald would be very angry if she heard anything about it. Tell cook she must not say anything about it to anyone." " But, Miss Edith, I wish you'd see the man; you could order something carelèss-like, and tell him to send it to Den House ; he'll say something then, safe enough, and you might get him to tell what he meant ; may-be he was only larking with cook-trying to frighten her." "I'll see about it, Mary," I said doubtfully ; and then, as soon as she had left me, I went to Miss Allison, in whom I had every confidence, and told her what Mary had told me. She listened very attentively. " I think Mary's plan a very good one, Miss Earl," she said gravely, as soon as I had finished; "I don't like this house myself." And then we both looked at each other-as people do sometimes look when both have the same thoughts, and neither care to be the first to own to them. " Creeping from beneath the bed"-it is of that we are both thinking. " I will go at once, then," I say at length ; and then I went in search of Mary and enquired the name of the shop and how to find it ; she explains all lucidly, and I have no diffi- culty in finding it ; it is a small, pokey shop, with the usual smell of grocer's shops. A man with a fat, stolid face, and a keen eye stands behind the counter-if it is the same man that served tb e cook, I decide what he said he said in earnest and in no spirit of jest ; for if he is a man who enjoys a joke, nature has belied herself-for his face speaks the opposite. "Two bars of soap," I say, and he repeats it af ter me methodically, and so on through the rest of the order. "Where shall I send them?" he says after I have paid him. " Den House," I reply as carelessly as I can. "Den House," he repeated after me curiously ; and then, as I made no comment, he adds, slowly, " You've stood it longer than any other party I've ever known ; the last party was only a fortnight." " What is there about it, then ?" I enquire. "Whew !" He relieves his feelings in a prolonged whistle, and then surveys me attentively. " Well," he says at length, "if you haven't found out anything yet, I ain't agoing to take away the house's name." "But you have no business to hint things if you are not prepared to substantiate them," I say angrily. The ghost of what, under happier circumstances, might have been a smile, came to his face. "I sticks to facts,"he said cautiously, "and don't hint nothing. I said the last party was only there a fortnight they couldn't stand it no longer ; you ask anyone about here and they'll tell you the same. Anything more I can do for you to-day, Miss ?" he adds in another tone-for a fresh cus- tomer has come in. I. say " No, thank you,"and go away as much in the dark as previously, but a good deal impressed by the man's manner. I told Miss Allison the result of my mission, and we both agree to keep our own counsel and caution the servants to do the same. "You see," she says in a sensible tone, " this man may be an enemy to the person tbis house belongs to, and want to do her an injury by keeping the house untenanted." This at least sounded feasible ; and thus ended the second link of the story- the third came after it quickly, and was one that could not be explained away. Mrs. Fitzgerald and Miss Allison were out, also the nurse, 1 and baby had been very troublesome and out of temper all the afternoon, neither Mary or the cook could get him to sleep, and at last Ada took him. " We will go into the nursery, so that when we get him to sleep I can put him straight into his cot without waking him," she says to me, and so we both go into the nursery. Ada seats herself in the rocking chair, and begins singing the child to sleep. But he is fractious, and it is a long time before he shows any symptoms of drowsiness ; but at last his eyes close, and his steady regular breathing proclaim him as being in the arms of the " drowsy god," she walks softly across the room, and wraps him up snugly in his cot, and then returns to her seat by my side. "I expect Prince Charlie will put in an appearance this evening on some excuse or other Ada," I remark. We always call Charlie Dallas 'Prince Charlie,' it isa name too, that suits him well. He doesn't usually come on a Tuesday," she answers speaking from a closer observance of his movements than I can own to. "It is more often on Wednesday's that he comes." "He seems to me to come at all times and hours," I say mischievously. " He will have to provide Den House with a new door-step." " What a tease you are, Edith," she answered, with a little conscious smile -and adds quickly, just to change the subject, " It is getting dark, mamma ought to be home soon." " Yes it is the gloaming, just the "-I began, and then I stopped short, horrified at the change in Ada's face-she was deadly white, a grey dull pallor, and was looking fixedly towards the bed that stood against the wall opposite the door, I followed the direction of her eyes, and saw distinctly a figure creep slowly from beneath the bed-anything more uncanny or demoniacal than its stealthy walking motion could not be imagined. I have never been able, and never will be able, to describe the terror that took possession of me, depriving me of speech or motion, paralyzed with fright, my heart beat wildly, loudly, I grew deadly cold all over. We, neither of us moved, Ada I saw was as incapable of speech or action as I was. In the dull uncertain light we saw it, both of xis creep, half bent double, across the room, till it stood by the child's cot. It remained there, for what seemed to us an age, and yet what in actual time could not have been above thirty seconds,-then the child, as feeling an evil power near, suddenly gave vent to a long shrill cry of unearthly terror, that thrilled through the room, any thing like that cry in sound I had never heard before, and pray the good God I never may again ; before it was ended Ada sprang to her feet, and rushed across the room-had my eyes deceived me -the figure was gone. It had been, and was not, all in the twinkling of an eye ; she took the child from its cot, clasping it tight in her arms, and fled out of the room-I followed ûer-down the stairs we both rushed-into the dining room -oh the relief it was to be in the lighted cheerful room. We looked at each other for a moment then Ada spoke "^Tako the baby Edith-I-" but before she could finish her^sentence-just as I grasped the child from her arms she" staggered and fell back in a dead faint. Oh the scene of {: confusion that followed. Mrs. Fitzgerald and Miss Allison came in just then, the child was taken away by the nurse. In answer to all the questions of wonder and sur- prise they poured in upon me I could only gasp out half inarticulately " For Godsake nobody go into that dreadful room-the nursery. " It was a long time', they told me afterwards, before they could bring Ada to, for myself I do not remember much of that evening, for with nerves thoroughly unstrung I could do nothing but sob and tremble all over ; but Ada, once recovered from the faint, described all accurately, and quietly, she had seen the outline of some dim figure beneath the bed, it appeared, she said, to be sitting crouched up, wringing its hands, and even as she looked it creeped (emphasis always on that word) from under the bed, and moved over with a stealthy, halting motion, to the child's cot-the child had given a most peculiar cry, and then she had sprung to her feet, and gone over to the cot ; even as she rose from her seat the figure disappeared, she had taken the baby from its cot, and came down the stairs, that was all she had to tell. " We must lock that room up;" Mrs. Fitzgerald said deci- dedly. "It is very strange, still we may all have fancied it ; I may'have fancied it in the first instance, and you girls seated in the same room about the same time may have remem- bered what I said, and so fancying it the second time came easier to you-it is wonderful what the imagination can picture and conjure up." " It was not imagination ;" Ada said with a shudder. "We will lock the room up, and think and talk no more about it ;" Mrs. Fitzgerald answered decidedly. " God can watch over us and keep us safe here, as well as any where else." So ended the third link of the ghost story. " It was many weeks before Ada and I recovered our wonted spirits, she rallied quicker than I did ; I fancy Priiice Charlie's raillery, when .the whole affair was told to him helped her considerably. " I should not have believed that two> rational persons in the nineteenth century, could believe in such nonsense-I expect you were both asleep, had the nightmare, and woke up in time to hear the baby cry;" he said with merry scorn. " I wish you would let nie sleep in the room, and give Her Ghostship an audience ; do let me Mrs. Fitzgerald ?" " On no account, Mr. Dallas," Mrs. Fitzgerald replied ; " the room is shut up for awhile at least, and I hope the wicked spirit-if there be one at all-is exorcised." " That ' if there be one at all,' is a saving clause ;" he said with a laugh. " I know nothing would convince me it was anything but imagination." About a week after this conversation, my father returned, so my visit to the Fitzgeralds came to an end; of course I told him all our experiences, and need I say they met with disbelief as unqualified as . Charlie Dallas's. " I knew you meant Den House to possess a ghost in addition to its other advantages, Edith ; he says laughing." " You were determined to see one. " " But Ada saw it too Papa." I urged " Ada has a love of the marvellous and the unusual, too, I should think, then;" he answers dryly. "But Mrs. Fitzgerald ;" I persist obstinately. " Mrs. Fitzgerald has the good sense to confess that she might have imagined it;" he answered. "Might have!" I repeat argumentatively; " why if she thinks she might have imagined does she lock the room up." " Out of regard for other's feelings, I presume ; the truth of the matter is, Edith, you and Ada have made up your minds that you have seen a ghost, and you don't want any one to attempt to disabuse your minds of the idea." "But the man in the grocer's shop ; how do you.account for that Papa ?" I urged. "I cannot account for what men in grocer's shops say," he answered a trifle impatiently-" all that class have a love of the marvellous, which their want of education excuses ; but I can make no excuse for those who have had the advantages of a good education. If you are determined on talking to me, Edith talk sense ; if not I should prefer continuing my paper." I understand that the matter is considered by my father to have been fully discussed, so I relapsed into silence. For the next two months I saw the Fitzgeralds constantly, but nothing more of the supernatural occurred at Den House. " Sometimes I really think we must have imagined it," Ada says to me confidentially one afternoon. "I did not imagine it," I answered steadily ; "I'saw it beyond a doubt, and it was nothing human either-and, Ada, down in your own secret heart you knbxo you saw it as well creep from beneath the bed; you loant to believe you imagined it. " "Don't let us talk of it ; " she said with a shudder-a shudder that spoke volumes. We had both seen it distinctly; and whatever wo might say afterwards or try to think, down in the depths of our hearts we knew it was not fancy, but sober solemn fact. I knew it then, reader, and I know it now, as I always shall to the last day of my life. It was about a month after this, that the next link of the chain shewed itself " Uncle Ned is coming to stay a day or two with us," Ada announced to me one morning; " and"-with a sudden lowering of her voice-" the mater is going to put him in that room; I don't want her to, but she says-he is a plain matter- of fact-minded man, and would never give credence to such nonsense." Then we are both silent for a timo. A few days later " Uncle Ned "-or as he is better known to the world, Mr. Fitzgerald-arrives. He appears a reserved, matter of fact kind of man, with a good deal of common sense-certainly a most unimaginative-looking person. Ada is in good spirits, and able to joke even about the room. " The fatal room is prepared," she says to me ia a whisper; " the fatal room to which ' Blue Beard's ' chamber was nothing. Prince Charlie was in last evening, and he said we ought not to say a word to Uncle Ned about it ; for if we prepare his mind he might fancy he saw something. " " I am a great believer in the Golden Bule," I replied " ' Do unto others as you would they should do unto you ; ' and I know I should not, care to be put to sleep in that room without warning." "But you are only a woman, and Uncle Ned is a man," she replied with fine scorn ; " and a very brave, sensible, matter of fact kind of man." " Then you are not going to tell him ?" I said. " No-we all agreed to follow Prince Charlie's advice," she answered. " Oh, Uncle Ned won't see anything ! he is not the kind of person for such things to happen to-it is only silly geese like us." "Thank you," I said, "for the compliment, modified through its classification with your fair self ; I believe," I added a little jealously, "that you would declare black was white if Prince Charlie said so ! " "I am not quite so far gone as all that," she answered good-humouredly. The first thing I thought of the next morning, as I threw open my bedroom shutters and looked toward Den House, was " How Uncle Ned had passed the night ?" Not for worlds, reader, would I have changed places with him after what I had seen. My father and I had not long finished breakfast, when Ada entered the house-we were intimate enough to dispense with the ceremony of knocking or ringing in entering each other's houses. The moment I saw her face I knew some- thing had happened-she was rather pale, and her usual laughing face was very grave, and rather awed. " Oh, Edith ! " she burst out before I could speak to her " really and truly there is something wrong about that house. I wish so much we were out of it." " Uncle Ned ?" I say interrogatively. " Yes," she answers ; " he-but wait and I'll tell you all, just as it came out at breakfast. You know Uncle is always quiet ; but this morning he scarcely spoke a word ; and somehow none of us liked to ask him if he had slept well, or anything of that kind-our consciences were a little guilty I suspect. He sat at the bottom of the table and helped us all to the fish in front of him, but touched nothing him- self except his coffee, which he drank off at once and passed up his cup to me for a second supply. We were all talking on indifferent matters, when suddenly/he broke out with this speech-' What was the name of the fellow in the play, who said he would not pass such another night, though it were to procure him a loorlcl of happy days. '. 1 Clarence says it in " Richard III," Uncle Ned,' I answered. ' Then I say with him, 1 would not pass such another night as last nighl for the sake of a world of happy days,' he exclaimed. OJ course we asked him why, and he told us he had seer the figure of a woman creeping along the floor wringing its hands ; he called out to it asking who it was and what il wanted, it made no answer, but went on with a halting creeping motion more hideous than he could describe. Ht jumped out of the bed, and in a second it was gone-disap peared. He returned to bed thinking he must have had th« night-mare ; but presently he saw it again-always creeping stealthily along till it got to the bed opposite the door, thei it would crawl beneath it and after a time come creeping forth again, and so on, till he lighted the candle, which hi kept burning all the night. He is so angry with mamma fo: putting him in the room, and is going away at once. Ol Edith ! I wish we had never never come into that dreadfu house ; I feel too as if this was not all, as if something mon would come of it before we leave it." And as Ada finishe< her account she burst into tears. I comforted her as well as I could, but I was too mud horrified at what I had heard to act the part of consoler well " I wish you would all move into lodgings at once," I said. " I have asked mamma ; but it is of no use, we took th place for four months and she says it is so near the expira tion of that time that we may as well stay it out, ghost or n ghost." "Whatever can it be ?" I replied. " Have you told Princ Charlie yet?" " Of course not, how could I? I ran over here to tell yo at once, and to escape from Uncle Ned's wrath," she returne rather impatiently ; " but I must go now." I wished her good-bye and went to the door to watch he go ; just as she reached Den House I caught sight c Charlie Dallas walking towards her. They met, shoo hands, andHhen went into the house together. About ha: an hour later a ring came to the bell, I went to open th door myself and found Prince Charlie there. " I won't come in, thanks, Miss Earl," he said in answe to my invitation ; " I only called to bring you this note fror Ada. I am going to sleep in the terrible room to-night ; have obtained Mrs. Fitzgerald's consent, and Ada wantsyou t come and sleep with her." "You will surely never be so foolish, Mr. Dallas," I erie out in alarm ; " for goodness sake give up all idea of it." " Why you are as bad as the rest of them," he remonstrate in an amused manner ; " I believe it is all fancy myself." * " But old Mr. Fitzgerald saw it," I returned. " Uncle Ned ! " he answers with a laugh. " Oh but he doe not keep to his story at all well, it is a most contradictor account he gives of it. I think he must have taken wha Sam Slick calls a ' good night-cap ' do you understand. Wha answer am I to give to Ada ? " I read her note before I replied ; it bemoaned his decision saying she was sure something would come of it, am implored me to do all I could to dissuade him, and ii conclusion asked me, as a great favour, to spend the nigh with her. " Give her my love, and say I will come," I answered and he went away smiling at my perturbed face. W were very near the end of the ghost story, as concerne the Fitzgerald family then, had we only known it. Never, as long as I live, will I forget what followed : it i some time now since it happened, but even now I cannc I think of it without turning hot and cold, by turns, all over, i I went early in the evening to Den House, but foun I Charlie Dallas there before me ; he was in excellent spirits and rallied Ada upon her white cheeks. Well do I remembe her answer, " You need not talk, " she said ; "Edith, don't you thin Charlie looks pale and ill ?" I looked at him and saw that she was right. He did nc look well ; there was a peculiar haggard look about hi face. I said I agreed with her, but he only laughed heartily, an said he had never felt better in his life,-" Beady, " he addec " to brave ten ghosts instead of one !" > We had supper, and soon after he rose and said he woul go at once to the " haunted room," as he called it. "It is after eleven, now," he said, laughing, " and twelve is the time for things supernatural to appear." " Oh, Charlie, please give it up," pleaded Ada earnestly, hut he would not listen to her ; he shook hands with us all, going to Ada last. ' ' Farewell, and if for ever fare thee well," he said in the same laughing manner. We all went up in a body with him to the door of the room, and he shook hands with us all again. " If I ring," he said to Mrs. Fitzgerald, in a graver tone,' " come to me." She promised, and Ada, bursting suddenly into tears, implored him once more to give it up, and we all added our entreaties to hers, but in vain. He wished us good night and shut the door. We all went back to the drawing room and sat there, a silent anxious party, for about an hour, but as everything was quiet and silent Mrs. Fitzgerald proposed our adjourning to bed. "You need not be anxious, Ada," she said; "if I had apprehended any harm I never would have consented to his sleeping there." Ada made no answer, she looked frightened and pale, but did not refuse to go to bed, so we went to our room. I undressed quickly and got into bed, but Ada kept walking up and down the room, pausing every now and then to listen attentively ; but at last she got tired of it, for she undressed, and, kneeling down by the side of the bed, said her prayers. Poor Ada ! I guessed pretty correctly about whom they were-then she got into bed quietly, but still listening attentively. Soon after I fell asleep and did not wake till broad daylight ; Ada, I saw, was dressing herself. "I never shut my eyes all the night," she said, wearily. Before I could reply a knock came to the door, and Mrs. Fitzgerald came in. ' "I have knocked at Mr. Dallas's door about six times,' she said, nervously, '1 and there is no answer ; I wish you girls would come with me. I think we ought to go in." Ada gave a sharp little cry, and I jumped out of bed and followed Mrs. Fitzgerald at once, without waiting even to put on my dressing-gown. Ada came after us. We knocked at the door as soon as we got there, as loud as we could, but no answer came. " Charlie," cried Ada, " Charlie, answer us !" but no reply came. "We had better open the door," Mrs. Fitzgerald said, below her breath, and then a sickening little pause followed, broken by Ada saying, hysterically, " I will open it ; stand back ; we had better know the worst." She grasped the handle, and, turning it roughly, threw the door open, looked in for a moment, and then, with a loud shriek, she fell to the floor. We did not notice her ; all our eyes saw was Charlie Dallas, "Prince Charlie," lying on the bed with his face turned towards us-stone dead ! yes, stone dead ; there was no mistaking that, but what had caused his death ? The face was rigid, but expressive still of unutterable horror and dread-the look of that dead face haunts me even now. There is little more to tell ; we sent ' for a doctor, of course, at once. He said the cause of death was heart disease-that his mother had died of it before him-that he had always feared it for him. We told him of the ghost story; he pooh-poohed it. "Nonsense ! Stuff! it was a clear case of heart disease ; that look of horror was not uncommon in such cases. He would have no hesitation in certifying as to the cause of death," and so on. Ada had a fearful attack of brain fever, and it was many weeks before she knew any of us again. That is the ghost story, reader. I believe in it firmly ; and what I write really happened. It made so much stir in the town at the time that the owner of the house threat- ened an action for libel against the Fitzgeralds, alleging that it prevented her from being able to let the house, and a notice touching on the threatened libel appeared in a well known paper. When last I heard of Den House it was still vacant, but it is some time since I was in Baitville, as we left the barrack square soon after what I have told you occurred ; but any one in that neighbourhood could tell you that it is no fiction, but stern reality.-OMBRA, Sydney. 