NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events:-D'Arcy's Read's "Ghost" entertainment. at the Alfred-hall; meeting of share holders and dapositora Australian and European Bank, lecture- room of Mechanica’ Institute, 11.30 a.m; mooting oj_Hospital Committee; Mr Woods addresses 'the eleotors'at'Stawell," *' "’“-r-'-r- Ttib Torf el Straits mail arrived at Cooktown at 8 p.m. oil Tuesday. v ° We published last. Thursday week a letter signed Miner, [/referring, it Waa understopd, to tho Sabasto pol, police. The the latter find,' a false name and address, and we find his remarks to be, as false as his name.’ One ofiher supposed to be referred to is Constable Woolf,-~who is said to be one of the ..useless and the’decrepid, vyhibh everybody, knows to be utterly false. -In fact, the! letter appears to be the result, of private spleen .under the guise of care for , th_e, pubjid[interest,- for enquiries convince, us that the ‘statement's in it are hot' warranted by facts. We Say : this much in justice to;Constable-Woolf,'who has done, and is.able to’ do again, : good service.’ 1 ; [ i The many friends-of Mr . John Whitehead, of the rPosfrofifice, 1 will' learn with regret that that gentleman Js.likaly to sever his ' connection with .Ballarat._ Mr -Whitehead has received.- the;.following memorandum [from thepostal-authorities:—“l beg to inform you that it is-intended to transfer you to-the head office, I andlhaveto request that you.will be good enough to :make’; arrangements . aocordingly.T—(Signed): T,W. ’Jackson, Deputy Postmaster-General.”- [ As may be /expected, :Mr Whitehead, after spending a great por tion of a lifetime in Ballarat, and having identified /himself closely with many of its institutions and good works, receives.his notice to quit with anything but pleasurable feelings. His loss will be felt'in many ways, f -arid especially"in • connection with the- Town. .Mission work, with which he has been so intimately associated for years past.’ We understand that a special /meeting/ of both: of the./local. Boards/ of.Advice will ho /held -this evening,to consider -the resignation of Mr- Whitehead,and the propriety of memorialising the. Poitmaiter-Qeneral to retain his services in Bal larat.:/; //,/.’. .. .- '’’/"•y ■/, ’■ ' . .. An affecting- sight was presented.at the City. Court -bn-Tuesday, when three pretty and nicely-clad 'children were dealt with as neglected children by the . bench.— A full report of the case will be found in our. police column. There were a girl of eleven years of age, a brother some’two years younger, and a most engaging little, girl of perhaps seven years, making up the trio. The little ones-were warmly clad,-and were wrapped in woollen comforters ahdknitted gloves, be speakfng’kindly care on the part of those to whom they'had : been [indebted for a temporary home. The' children were sent to ah industrial school, and bore up well until the parting hour came—the time at which they were to say good-bye to their uncle; by marriage, ... who had acted a Christiah-like part in providing for .their wants, while -nearer- relatives, better able to afford’a home for them, refused to take them in. When the court closed the uncle kissed the children, and with big tears welling up in.bis eyes said,“Good bye, you will be well taken care of.’l, The eldest girl took:the farewell bravely, the little boy sobbed, while the other girl burst into tears and clung round neck of;, her only friend. Her sister with moistened eyes, and evidently suffering intensely herself, t'came to the rescue; wiped'away her own tears, and bestowed all the comfort she could to the heartbroken little-girl: The-uncle now fairly broke down, and again pressed the little ones to him, kiss ing/and fondling them in turn. And so the scene 'closed.'overthe-doings of a brutal father, and the [ shortcomings of. the blood relations of three poor .helpless children,who are now fathered upon the State; Had their father or their near relations in Bal larat one-tenth part of the, compassion shown for them by their uncleby,marriage—a poor miner. of Redan, with a.big family of his own to provide for—the three pretty, well brought up, and engaging little children I would not have appeared at the police court on Tues day; 1 Inspector : Babington [intends to have the inhuman father arrested bn warrant, and brought to Ballarat. -It is to be regretted "that in his case, besides-being compelled to support - his offspring, his exertions’.could’not bo ; spurred on by the application of/the.cat-o’-hihe- tails, which such/brutes so richly deserve. • ; Tha'-pfesentation of the prizes won-at the Beech* ' worth demonstration by the City Fire Brigade took n plate at the engine-house on Tuesday night, when a clock was presented to Mr B. Cazaly for his past ser vices to the brigade. An account of the proceedings appears elsewhere. ? t At the mealing of the Orphan-Asylum Committee on Tuesday night, a unanimous vote of; thanks was passed to. Mr James Oddie. for the trouble he had taken in the matter of the late Mr R. M’Niece’a be quest of £l5O to the institution; and MrH. H. Peake, -the hbn. secretary, of the Masonic Ball Committee, was made.a life governor in consideration of the commit tee’s donation' of £2O 9s Sd towards the funds of the Asylum. ,-i Municipal election matters are beginning to attract some attention in Ballarat East. The three retiring councillors are Mayor Long, and Crs, Turpie and Wil liams. The mayor has intimated his intention of not standing again, and Mr W. ,1). M’Kee, of. Bridge street, has determined to seek a seat in the council in August. ■ : ■■■ The Bungaraeshire Council has got . into another financial'difficulty, having'bean served with a writ by the Union Bank for £3050, the amount of the council’s overdraft. ... The ides of the City Rowing Club scratch crews picked to meet each other on the Queen’s Birthday, rowing off on a subsequent'day having been aban doned, the challenge issued by Baylee’s crew to row off any of the others has been accepted by Hogan’s crew, and the race’, will take place in about a fort night. The amount of. Town, rates, paid into the rate collector’s office during the last two days was £975, making.the total receipts to the present date £2OO in excess of those of last year. Mr Edwin Trenerry has sent out a valuable pedigree bull, which arrived by the Duke of Argyle on the 29th ult, and will be in quarantine till the 27th August. Three rams have also arrived by the same ship for Mr Thomas Bath. They were brad by Mr Cardwell, who is a good breeder and a fomous prize- taker, in England. All the stock are in good condition, and will be valuable additions to the breeding stock of the colony. The bull, which is described to us by a local breeder as a really beautiful animal, is intended for Mr Trenerry’s land at Ballan. Mr W. F. Hardie, one of the Black Wednesday sufferers, and who was superintendent engineer, stationed at Lal Lal, over the Ballarat and Geelong line of railway, and subsequently over a section of the North-Eastern line of railway, has been more fortu nate than some of ..his fellow-victims, his abilities haying, been recognised by the contractors for'the construction [ .of : sixty-three miles of the - Great Northern railway in New South Wales, with Whom he has entered into an engagement. The contract price for the work he has to superintend is £600,000. Mr Hardim will sail for Sydneyto-day, [and leaves behind a large number of friends and well-wishers. /Mr C. C. Shoppee held a Government land sale at his rooms in Armstrong street on Tuesday; forenoon, and the lots disposed of will be found mentioned in .another column. Mr Shoppee received a telegram on /Tuesday informing him that his tender for the posi tion of Government auctioneer in Ballarat, Creswick, ’Claries, and Smythesdale ’ had been'accepted for another, year, _ • Mr.Hennab, the captain of the City Fire Brigade,, has ..made in his leisure hours during the last six months a perfect model of the hose-break belonging to :tha*briga'de~ which he ’intends Bending to the Mel bourne Exhibition, The scale adopted is an inch to a -quarter of- a foot, and the- model is as- handsome a ‘little thing as it is minutely perfect. , Mr C. C. Shoppee was elected a member of . the Orphan Asylum Committee on Tuesday night in the plape. of’Mr Glenny, whose seat had become vacant by his not attending the meetings of the committee. The Under-Treasurer promised on Tuesday, in. reply to a request of Mr D. M. Davies, M.L.A., to grant.a sum of £23 for'the Scarsdale Free Library. ' The following is a summary of bank returns of Vic toria, .compiled from the sworn averages for the quarter ending 31st March; 1879:—Liabilities—Notes ih circulation hot - bearing ' interest, £1,252,926; bills in circulatiomnot bearing-interest, £73,593; balances -due to other banks, £239,816; deposits not bearing I interest, V £1,702,920;// deposits , bearing ‘ interest, -£11,722,991;_- total- . deposits, - £16,125,920; 'total amount of liabilities, £17,997,000. Assets—Coined gold and silver and other coined metals, £2,208,877; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £195,162; landed -property, £871,026; notes and bills of other banks, [ £133,982; balances due from .other. banks,' £192,135; alLdebts due to the banks, £22,153,139; total amount of assets, £25,755,249. . . , \-- Two young women named respectively Hill and Henricksen were arrested by ’ the Town police on Tuesday-on a, charge of being idle and disorderly persons; - They were’ found in'one of the opium dans -at the Chinese Camp, and will be -,dealt with.at the police court this morning. - ' 1 ~ ./Tuesday's Bendigo Advertiser reports:—“ We regret ,fo r loarn that' Mr E.'E.Tok.died at the residence of his son,'"tfie 0 Rev. T. E; lofc, at' 9 o’clock bn. Monday morning. 'The deceased gentleman; as was noticed.in pur last issue, 1 was 'suddenly ’seized with a paralytic /It 'bh/Saturdayevening/ whilst' enjoying the company ■JMihisjfamilya/.i •<.,/ /.'I, ///.i //y .j/.Vi/rl’ The same fbwdy element /which'caused the Black Hill State night-school to be closed, and that at Soldiers Hill to require the attention of the police, hag manifested itself in the Urquhart street night school. Besides an air of larrikinism pervading the scholars, or at hast a anoe has bean caused »i n °1 of youths outside the tif* 1 u*. stand that thing.M probable the Education 8 ?! 80 bai close the school. ° De Partm»nt wj[ . u J%j The rates collected 11 theCityCouncilamouutei^l'flOll Inconsequence of W w v * 3i " '-V ,the;stata of the cat*.WiS; h **>a laid* into Lake Wenddurae lu ot her andS 00 ®^. on Tuesday by Itr' Cameron, the «£“s mission, who were accomnun-'j 3 *° ll >9 Wood, the City inan P -^ pan ', ed °stheir,l*? to know that the a?,:. 01 ° Wot L, very satisfactory condition 16 dUcoT ered counted for in some °r a !tat « of aS . snd the attention publicly call a 9^ htay,S* 1 1 discharging into the kL. dto Srivafe We learn through 1e1t»,.. . late lady principal of the bS^ 0 ® fi - prospenng in her new spherS* QirU High School. Wan»,! • ! he.a . * “My school is steadily j nc S r ““- I ’ N>z - 4 it, and nobody interferes with ®e good, teachers under me, and ii l J h4l! have any suggestion to make I L" ant the committee and it i« m , ■ eMjbsi* »h«. o, aiiwrriJs arrival say yesterday morning. It Wa / b • Mln!r alii* has hardly done anything else®!"” 8 the landing-place a’hohf Aft«mi I J not get anything to bring u, tatL W ■9 clock, when the only avaiNM hateltJ l die" hansom, and asitwoufd onlS d T JltCt »“ time, it had to go back again L b two oi «in As for.the.houses, they are.a lla numerous .than ««n* deaths of old residents. Dr P™ to , t!C4ll ts residing in Ballarat, died on SatnSl Jon “- twelve- hours’ illness, aged fi iw 7 ““"“i i!» Charlton, of the hotel fe Sunday morning, after a yen 3 forty-nine; Mr Thompson Bn?:., ll!cSi , 4 one. They were all very old residlnu^^ The fortnightly meeting of the R„„: Council will take place this business of importance to transact. lte " a^ The business at the Buninyom, p„r „ Friday next is expected to be wy ift®** importance is at present set down , pohee magistrate will attend. “““i la An amateur botanist at Moam*;,**.., seeds from home last year, and olanl'ali 81 ®® has watched their growth* SJS' i them with a mother’s care, and h«Vr"?? having some specimens of-the Bathum It is understood (says the HernU In , the larger creditors of the Bank, dissatisfied with the liquidators day, will insist, if poribf *■>? affairs wound up by the court. • s «H ' The Melbourne Lands Board room on sented a lively scene, and was crowded twftP This was the day to examine the claim, of S 5 applicants for selections in the Mount Maife The lowest computation of the nmS . there at 12 o’clock was three hundred, and about seventeen applicants at least fa, era - 5" land. The board of investigation will mV"il. obliged to work at it for the next fortnight, Tbe test item of news with regard to the mj mgs still being carried on Very actively with Weiberg, is (says the JTcwWJthatßr«HjS? in-law, has gone to the prisoner’s Belectioa atWcS Ba y> ‘° l° w bis daughter, who, as we itateU ceeded there about ten daya since. Th«reucfi» strong feeling afloat that much of the trea-mrt. from the Avoca, 13 secreted somewhere in ffEvl town and a close watch is kept by persons noth:n as full-blown detective officers on the stone wijc the butts and the wall facing the railway trk where Weiberg first naid he had hidden soniEK A proposal has been made to the local connaHo;.! the latter structure down, and it is more IhnEhi this will.he done, as at present it is only an epm The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Jfo fwereays:— 1 “I see that Mr B. W. Bents;a selector ‘shipper,’ has been arrested’in Ima A rich incident, I am told, occurred at Ararat torn gentleman. Two selectors who were tend ifi writs at Horsham, hearing that Bennettwaiatin; took train at once and went down there. Ihejtcp their bird at a certain hotel, and taking bio kin back room, they proceeded to quietly thitlEil!’ holding forth the comforting threat that they vki choke him to death if he would not give then £5 he haying filled in £3O bills withsn extra cording to their view of the caee. Under thirpran Bennett gave way, and signed a cheque, every bs> tion on his part being rewarded with an extra tpra of the throat. How came a little Kelly tel Hot being satisfied with a cheque theyisbd bah some security, and at hie suggestion, while ere lei bis throat another went for a bank manageqib satisfied them. This is the story as told tons* The paper money scheme of Mr Mirama da :i meet with the approval of the Baulin] Jte(n! that paper administers the following rebuke be would-be promoter of a national bank of iuuat-’h is not encouraging to think that an admirer ado cipieof'John Lawie likely to be one of the S ccmmissionera of the projected National Stalefa and will be allowed, if not encouraged, to tryli financial experiments at the cost of the capital ri credit of the colony. Such men never liars) despise experience and scorn counsel; hence it bp> bable that the dieasters of the ’Miseiaaippi ste* will not prevent the blowing of a ’Tana fa bubble,’ and its equally certain collapie." A most daring robbery (says the iryujwta mitted in Simpson’s road on Monday afternoon. Fox, the proprietor and driver oi a waggonette;-■ hie vehicle outside the Lord Raglan hotel, whu J entered the house for a few minutes for the pup-* of obtaining some refreshments. During huD"‘ tary absence two young men. jumped intoi liei? gonette and drove rapidly away. The penes. > reason to believe that the thieves are membeaet gang of burglars whose depredations in theme districts have recently become so freqnea- - vehicle will probably bo abandoned when those who have stolen it hare made me and the detectives request other cabmen to sharp look-out for it. . A serious accident occurred ™ child aged six years, daughter o£ Mr Todo," den’s Flat, near Linton. She was attending .<■ school at Chepstowo, and during the play i with some other children, fanned up a re been used in the open air for washing P 0?. m fire caught her dress, and before « rendered her legs and the lower parto oj, ' dreadfully burnt. Dr Nolan, of Lmton, sufferer, and is doubtful of her recovery. The Argus correspondent, writing about in London, on 23rd April says: iea tbel*®’ Berry would like to stay in ness out if he could, but advices f the necessity of calling Parham J convinced him that he ® usfc J C m ls iHf leave Mr Pearson to watch th Efforts have been made by several Berry’s behalf to get the ,^ U “ 0 o btam a motion brought op promptly, expression of opinion from Sir e£- butthe crowded state ot_ the a pelled Mr Mills to stand m be Michael Hicks-Beach has deohned « to a premature expression of P, t ] epl membered that it was announced Government would not n° mato , ixSC I motion was debated. It, ‘ he f, or & for Mr Berry, when he saw tbatb start before the 9th nmen t to quickly, or Persuade the reply beforehand. X goon■ P* May, 2 the motion earlier than t [ i; bed peeted that Mr Berry wrii be ‘ 3 „ pfo tio=n i r decision of the Cabinet up state®"' E ?,J course of the next ten day • finis!ie j preparation by Mr Fearaon bgeqll ent to next week. For any deba - t(iere fore ,6th Mr Berry cannot "■ait H lje y d ( 0 as' above stated, to “”* be rs, «W' l *S affairs and post up friend posabrf l^j himself'to Melbourne as p ha L ready for the commg edition, b= iu the great purpose of ths hthoo d, ff be back without consolation! fa take it, and his own sanguin J nm ait &f; promises extracted from > minent Liberals.” . w.w By the s.s. Arawata genca to the hth imt. j ß i a nd b. the west coast of the *orth 0 a Wellington correspondeiit, » d< -to h«- ‘‘the cause of considerable in that part of ths whola !ll ‘ ni . generally. Throughout the w appear to be in a at -ate j-oii naki district their In several instancesin owner , hare O' o freeholds for-which ■ them and commenced to ploug jggrei« fl : assumed a They have warned IfaE , nd and some have taken tn oth*f. fjf families into Hew_ Ply®°“ fflOro pW" 0 ““ ( , & these natives have b« , atore> &K;, ytfti broke into and ransacked oo cof^ strated with and ff ““Jed Buch folly, they have WS -a .he confiscated, land stood theta a} 1 : that . they, should to land; that the k.ifr ttamselw* . ove _ I]DOn whom they eould Grey his thp ~t them foot- S> r Ue i\hi tmor9 have gone up to Go««“ r ’ ,ad .fher 4it'ia hopdd id Have a bene. Taranaki, and Maon -, dismantled some ficli 1 t • -nf the armed constabulary outlie !rf icotUS h„t .oriDEa. and re-ereoted them Si*the Botoraa WV, Co s., an d for which belonging to M . nat ive c hief • S“ TSIy guafd/wbo ejected him for W^ oW Lrhee, and he straightway caused a across the line of railway, and die fanes to be s l,opera in order to stop the btek ' a -L tbSi.= «£ cstchiog the guard, whom he . tom'hawk, and, it is, said, would-have threatened to to®" l * ’ tele gram was sent apprising ■ddS.>, S 2of affairs, and he got off at an the ga*rf ° £ tion There was no political aigmff interinedote stall conduct of the Napisr chief-it Aheac of an enraged man; but such an Vis merely the o£ turbulence must natu (ittwrdinaryo 0 o£ uness i nes s amongst the nlly: create a teen guropem popu» ■ f , proclamation against bS ootametded upon in several Eng- IheiryMB 11 on(j j Qion has besn expressed lisb joarwH *'““ pr i e ty of it. An amusing notice utothegroHMP P fj in Ust Saturday s issue cl tbs «B* wh , r/j; a aue gesta that had the pro of the Colon* Government Gillette cUcaiUon not >PP conc]uded that some facetious anyone would had besn diverting the Tic oouutryman of y expenl ,. The notice says P SeEanoo of the Argus is only exceeded by the inn F I£ f tb e Imperial Review, variety of »borh easays, and eome aSSlhe latter are some verses by James of BaUarat, and under. seventeen fwatTbeen requested to direct the attention of mAw Rinsers to the order in another column, sthSubat Sreat.coats are to be worn till conn ■ ghost entertainment has not lost its , U the oabKo, and on Tuesday night there was a Witness the exhibition. Monday’s Te £“L ris repeated with great suooese, the grace, fd S? of lliei Brooks being much applauded. 