<Eltt SStetk'0 ^ctos. The Murray Bridge. — The Government, having had the matter under consideration, have come to the conclusion that no tolls shall be charged oh the Murray Bridge. Coal hear Wallaroo.—The Wallaroo Times has been informed by a gentleman that he feels satisfied ctal exists within thirty-five miles of Wallaroo, basing his assertion upon " the testi mony of the rocks" in the neighbourhood to which he referred. We heard (says that journal) of coal feeing discovered some few years since within fifteen or twenty miles of Kadina, but, for some reason or other, no action was taken in the matter; but we think it would be wise on the part of the Government to expend a portion of the £10,000 bonus in boring, for coal in various parts of the colony, instead of leaving it to private enterprise, with the un certainly of getting the bonus. Telegraph to Border Town.—We almost despaired (says the Narracoorte Herald.!) of the Government ever calling for tenders again for a line of telegraph from Narracoorte to Border Town, hut we understand Mr. Hardy has been constantly keeping the Minister of Education in mind of the promise he made at Narracoorte, and after overcoming several obstacles tenders have been called for the work. We believe the Govern ment will accept any reasonable tender this time. There is one thing about the matter we do not like, and that is the erection of the line along the road instead of along the proposed railway route. We know it was the intention of the Cabinet to make the line along the rail way route, and we look npon the change with much suspicion. Many reasons suggest them selves to us, which we hope are not warranted by the facts of the case when due enquiries have been made. The Government also invite tender* for the erection of a line from Callington to Border Town. The Adelaide University.—Dr. Gusson, having left tfce colony, has sent in his resigna tion as a member of the Qfeuncil of the Univer sity, which has been accepted. The Waterless Country—On Monday, March 17, Professor Tate, who has been on a Government expedition to the north-west' of Fowler's Bay to ascertain the possibility of developing the waterless country in that direction by the boring of artesian wells, re tnrned to Adelaide. He has not yet sent in his official report to the Government, and conse quently particulars of his trip cannot be ascer tained, but we believe that he has not discovered any geological indications which hold out the hope that water can be obtained in the district through which he passed by means of artesian wells. The Sydney Exhibition.—We are informed that no less than six acres of space has been allotted for the use of foreign countries at the approaching Exhibition in Sydney, and that the whole of the central courts will be secured fo the Australian Colonies. Nobth Adelaide Congregational Church. —Tea and public meetings in connection with the anniversary services of this Church were held on Tuesday evening, March 18. Both meetings were well attended, and at the latter the Bev. Osric Copland, pastor of the Church, presided. Mr. G. Phillips read the financial statement, which showed that there was a balance of £183 13s. 2d. due to the Treasurer, as against £30117a. Id. at the end of the pre vious year. Besides this the debt on the Church we 6 £400 by a loan and £230 by a promissory note. Mr. T. Frost, the Superintendent of the Sunday school, read the report of the chief school and the branch school in Lower North Adelaide. The chief event of the latter during the year had been the resignation of Mr. W. N. Pratt, on account of leaving North Adelaide, he having gone to live in the country. The resiguatiou had been accepted with regret, as Mr. Pratt had shown a large amount of perseverance in the work. It had been a matter of difficulty to dud a successor, but Mr. H. Beaney had kiudly consented to fill the position, and he believed the work would prosper under him. In the branch school there were now 110 scholars on the roll aEd nine teachers and officers, with a fair attendance of both. In the chief school steady progress had been made, much proficiency had 'been shown, and success had attended their efforts- There had been an unusual amount of sickness during the year, and one of the children had died. The number of scholars now on the roll was 468 ; 54 had been admitted during the year, hut as 24 had left the total in crease was 30. The average attendance was 308. There were 38 teachers and officers, with an average attendance of 30. He stated that classrooms were wanted and hoped they would soon have them. (Applause.) The Chairman, in his report as pastor, gave an eloquent address to his people. Having apolo gized for the absence of the Revs. L. O. Carter and W. R. Fletcher, he gave a detailed report of the institutions connected with the Church, all of which were in a satisfactory state. He said he had nothing to complain of in the atten dance of the congregation. At the beginning of the year there were 266 Church members on the roll, and during the year thirty had been added, making a total of 296, bnt as fourteen had been trantftrred there was only an increase of sixteen, and there were now 282 Church members. He was sorry Mr. McEwin could not be present, as he wonld have been able to give a very interesting account of the work at Houghton. He (Mr. Copland), however, could tell them that the Church there was in a very prosperous condition, and seven had lately been received into the Church. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. F. W; Cox on " The oldtime8andthe new," by Mr. Augustine Stow on " Attention to small matters in Church life," and by the Rev. D. Paton. The choir sang some anthems during the evening, and the proceed ings terminated with the benediction. ; Uottbhbitt Schobibships.—The examiners . it tte. «njpl«m«nfMy OTmw.iwWtywM for the two University scholarships—the Bev.WJELFletcher, M.A., Maura. F. Halcomb, MA, and W. 6. fiobinson, MJL—have reported to the Minister: of Education as follows:—"We bave completed the supplementary examinations for University scholarships, and, while maintaining as nearly as may be the same average standard, are able to report a marked improvement in the restdte. 8\. E. Holden has decidedly the first place, and we recommend that a scholarship be also : awarded to. B. S. Eogers." There were two other competitors. Public School Appolntmkkts, &c.;—The following appointments have been made by the Minister of Education oh-the recommendation of the Inspector-General of Schools:—Head Teachers—B. O. Gilmore, Stone Hut; transferred from Gawler Biver; W. S. Heitheraay, Yongtda, transferred from Marrahel; B. EL Jarman, Port MacDonnall, transferred from Blanehetown ; J. - Lloyd, Marrahel, transferred from Sheaosk-Log., Provisional Teachers—Maria Bleheim, Kingsley j Edith M. Howie, Whitwarta; Ada Jjangdon, Dry Greek ; Mary Ann Lavey, Inkerman; Andri A. Meyer, Collinsfield, transferred from Port Adelaide; Annie Afills, Springfield; Annie O. Ryan, Cnrrency Greek; - A. Landercock, Han son ; W. Stewart, Wauraltie, transferred from Wauraltie; J. Wincey, sewing mistress and provisional teacher, Yahl Paddock, transferred from PortMacDonnell; J. Schumann, sewing mistress, Millicent, transferred from Lobethal; A. Poolton, do., Keyneton; A. Parsons, do , Nairne; Annie Laurie, monitor, Kulpara (tem porary) ; W. H. Jones, do., Meadows; Ellen Nadeb&um;, do., Rowlands Plat; G. McQueen, do., Eobe; W. Pepworth, provisional teacher, Mount Eat; Isabella G. Habbe, do , Spalding ; Mary Small, do., Uley; M. Jackson, do., Lower Light; Marion Alcock, pupil teacher, Grote street Model and Preparatory School; L. Pearce, sewiDg mistress, Eeynella; S. A. Wittber, do., Salisbnry; Margaret Haldane,monitor, Kulpara. The following pupil teachers having passed the examination held in October, 1878, and having been favourably reported on by the teachers and Inspectors, are eligible for promotion:— Marion Alcock, Jane Anderson, Annie Green shields, G. S. Newman, Margaret Espie, F. Fairweather, Anna F. Loutit, T. J. Price, Grote street Model and Preparatory School; Lucy J. Clark, Norwood Model School; Alice Dace, Matilda Goodlad, Maria Harvey, Ellen J. Nicholls, Port Adelaide; E. FergussOB, Wallaroo Mines ; W. Halls, A. Williams, E. Whenan, M. J. Goldsworthy, Moonta Mines; Ada J. Archer, T. Hancock, Marion E. Dace, A. Wilson, H. Hill man, Mary A. Leader, North Adelaide Model School; J. T.F, Johnson, Honghton; Eva Langs ford, Lncy M. Schulze, Edith A. Bowen, Nor wood Model Scheoi ; Alice V. Welsh, Whit more- square; Caroline Foster, Franklin-street; E. W. Hadford, TJraidla; Eliza J. Skinner, Hindmarsh ; Isabella Walker, Portland Estate; Annie A. Welch, Whitmore-square; W. H. Cherry, Gawler; Alice Ford, Alice Hill, Gepps's Gross; Florence Henzell, Orafers ; W. Shaptar, Bundle-street; J.J.Stephens, Gilles- street; S. P. Bennett, Moonta; J. S. Gold, Port Augusta; Edith M. Jones, Biverton ; Annie Snell, Barra. Deputation.—On Wednesday morning, March 19, Mr. E. Eees, M.P., introduced to the Com missioner of Public Works (the Hon. G. C. Hawker) a deputation, consisting of Messrs. H. Fraser, M.P., H. fiichardson (Chairman of the Saddlewcrth District Council), E. Palmer, J.P. J. Moule, J.P., C. E. Goode, J.P., Carter Charles, and Gurr, who requested the Govern ment to expend £500 in repairing the roads from Saddleworth to Tothill's Creek, from Manoora to Waterloo, and from Manoora to Eice's Creek. It was represented by the deputation that the roads were urgently in need of repair on account of the traffic that was continually passing over them. If the roads were not repaired persons would be compelled to travel by other routes at a loss to the Government. Mr. Palmer stated that only lately 40,030 bushels had been carried over one of the roads. It was further represented that the former Com missioner of Public Works had promised that the roads should be placed on the schedule of main roads, bat as this had not been doae the deputation pressed the matter on the Govern ment as a work that was greatly needed. The Commissioner of Pnblic Works, in reply, said he thought District Councils should keep the roads in repair. In a case like the present, however, where a large amount of the traffic came from extraneous sources, it was only a fair and legitimate demand to ask the aid of the Government. He quite agreed that it was the great object to carry the produce to the nearest railway station, and in laying the matter before his colleagues he would certainly recommend it, and suggest to tbem that the roads mentioned should be placed in a state of repair. The deputation having thanked the Commissioner withdrew. Eechabite Festival.—On Tuesday evening, March 18, a tea and entertainment took place iu the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. There was a large attendance, and amongst those pre t ent there were nearly the whole of the delegates from the country who had been in attendance at the annual Council that day. The tables having been cleared and the seats arranged, the newly elected D.C.E. of the Albert District, Mr. S J. Whitmore, took the chair, and appro priately opened the proceedings with a brief speech. After a song and chorus by lady and gentleman amateurs, Mr. B. P. Cocks gave the report of the Alliance Tent, from which we quote the following:—" The past year has been one of progress in numbers and wealth. We have received by initiation and clearance 28 new members, 10 have been ran out through non-payment of subscriptions, and 1 has with drawn by clearance, leaving our numbers 17 more than last year. We have received (from all sources) £378 16s. 8d., and have disbursed for sick pay £63 15s. 5d.; surgeons, £54 9s. 6d.; to district funds, £61 8s. 3d.; other expenses, £46 6s. 5d., making a total of £226 19s. 7d„ leaving a balance to tbe credit of £151 17s. Id. on tbe year's transactions, wbich, added to tbe funds of last year (£877 9s. 5d.), makes the present worth of the Teat £1,029 6s. 6d. We have al'o a Juvenile Tent numbering twenty-three members, and having £28 2s. 8d. in funds. Most of out funds are out at interest on good security, but we have £150 unemployed. The interest received during the year has more than paid the sick pay." Mr. G. W. Cole, D S., gave a few figures from the re port of tbe Albert District. Ths evening enter tainment included speeches by Mr. E. EL Per rirgton, J.P., Kev. B. P. Mudge, and Mr. Eeubecu Gill, of Moonta. Songs, recitations, &c.;, by Messrs. G. Newman, H. Marlow,G. New man, jun., McKechnie, fc\ B. Litchfield, and G. M. Cole. Mrs. P. A. Howells presided at the organ ; and efficient help was rendered in vocal music by Miss Newman.- During the evening several presentations were made. The first was by Mr. K. Dawe, of Kadina, on behalf of tbe HopeofKadina Tent, the members of wbich had snbscribt d for a splendid gold albert and iocket, on which was engraved tbe fact that it was a token of esteem to Brother Joseph TreglocB, who had retired from the Secretary ship of the Tent after ten years' service. Mr. Tregloen suitably replied. The other presenta tions consisted of the P.D.C B. scarfs to Be v. P. P. Madge and Mr. G. Bickle. The interest of the entertainment was maintained throughout, and closed with a hearty vote of thanks to Ml who had taken part in the same. Pebeentation.—A pleasant and interesting gathering was held in the Lecture Hall of Flinders-street Presbyterian Church on Wed nesday evening, March 19, the occasion being to bid farewell to Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Fleming, who leave for England by the ship Torreus through the indisposition of the former. After tea the Bev. J. Lyall, the pastor of the Church, took the chair. He referred to the many services Mr. Fleming had rendered in connec tion with the Charch, and presented him, on behalf of the congregation, with a parse con taining 46& sovereigns. Mr. J. S. Knar, as Secretary of the Charch; Mr. T. W. Marshall, as Acting-Superintendent of the Sunday-school; Mr. A. Walker, as Secretary to the Toong Men's Association ; and Mr. Berry having speken, joining in wishing his restoration to health and quick return, Mr. Fleming replied in a feeling manner, reviewing at some length the pleasant associations he was leaving, and thanking the congregation for the tangible token of their esteem and sympathy. Railway Dam ai Wallaroo.—Mr. J. J. Christmas, the contractor for the esc zvatiou of the railway dam at Wallaroo (states the locai paper) is making good progress. A large gang of men with drays, plocgbs, &c.;, are busily employed, and tliey have been at work for about three weeks, during which time upward? of 6,000 cubic yards of soil have been removed, representing a holding capacity in the dam of nearly 2,000,000 gallons. The excavation has only reached a depth of 4 it. 6 in, but according to specification it must be sunk to about 15 ft., so that although the size is reduced as the excavation deepens, when completed' the holding capacity will be something considerable, Glasgow Bank RblibE Fund.—The amount' of subscriptions received towards this fasd to date is £686 5s. It is intended to close the lists on the 31st instant. I DlKHEB TO MlLBmiBy.--2 . gram received by the J^c^de ^gen^i'xif the Eastern-Extension Tekgra^Compenyfcomthe London agents of the Company has beenhanded to jos for publication:—■" Mr. Pender, Chairman of the. Eastern end the Basiern-Rrtension Tele-: graph Companies, entertained at a dinneronthe ■ 14th instant the Hon. Graham Berry, of Yie fant, and the Victorian delegates. Amongst the guests were'Earl Derby, Earl Granville, Earl Sbaftesnury, the Lord Chief-Justice of England, the Bight Hon. G. P. Vifliers, M.P., the Bight Horn W. -E. Gladstone, ALP., the Bight Hon. Robert Lowe, ALP., the Hon. W. V. Massey, ALP., the Bight Hon. John Bright; M.P., the Hon: Hugh O. E. Ohilders, M.P., Messrs. W. P. Adams, M.P., John Holmes, M.P.; and Sir Sydney Waterlow, Bart., M.P., - Professor Pear son, Mr. A. MacAlister, -ELM., -■ Agent-General for Queensland, Mr. W. H. Hayte, Mr. W. Forster, Agent-General for Hew South Wales.: Later in the evening many members of Parlia ment and other distinguished gentlemen joined 1 the party to mee t the Premier of Victoria." ' Immigration Am Emigration.-—The number of persons who came to Port Adelaide by set during the week endingSatarday, March 15, was 694. Of these 436 arrived from Glasgow, 152 from Melbourne; and 106 from London The number of persons who left by the game means daring the like period was 311. Of these 246 went to Melbourne, 37 to London, 21 to Western Australia, 5 to Sydney, and 2 to Ospe Town. Infringing Harbour Regulations.—Two employes of Government contractors were fined. £5 at the Fort Police Ooarb on March 18 for shipping timber from the Commercial Landing steps into a Government steamer contrary to the harbour regulations. The prosecution was by the police. It was orged that defendants were obeying Grown orders, as a Government official directed the shipment to be made from the steps. The Magistrate, holding that there was no excuse for an unlawful act, in flicted the lowest penalty. National Rifle Association.—A meeting of the members of Adelaide No. 1 Company of the National Rifle Association was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, March 18\. Captain Scott occnpied the chair. Dr. Astles, on the motion of Lieutenant CaTter, was elected honorary surgeon of the company. The subscription was fixed at Is. per month. It was decided that Sergeant-Major Hanson should be communicated with to obtain his charge for drilling. Mr. Dumas moved, and Mr. Johnson seconded—" That the company be divided into four squads, each to be in charge if a sergeant or corporal." A Sub-Committee UDnsisting of Captain Scott, Lieutenant* jpsson and Garter, and the Secretary (Mr. A. M. Woods), was appointed to make arrangement, fe for securing a rifle range for the company. The meeting then adjourned. Artesian Wells.—At the suggestion of Mr. P. Daniels (says the T.P. Advertiser) the Kulpara District Council have placed them selves in communication with the Green's Plains and Clinton District Councils with a view to obtain their co- operation in sinking an artesian well, so as to obtain a permanent supply of water in those districts. The matter is not only worth consideration, but we think also worthy of a trial, and those who know most about these matters are pretty sanguine of success. The boon that good wells of this kind would be in our dry districts throughout the colony would indeed be great, and we sincerely hope success may attend the efforts of those who have the enterprise to at tempt the discovery of water by such means Port Adelaide Chess Club. — The first annnal general meeting of the Port Adelaide Chess Club was held at the Port Adelaide Xnsti tcne, on Monday night, March 17. There was a good attendance, Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., presid ing. Mr. E. Govett, Hon. Secretary, reported that an emergency Committee of the Institute had kindly granted the use of the Museum for Club i urposes, pending the next general Com mittee meeting, and it was resolved that a letter of thanks be forwarded for the concession. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year :—President, Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M.; Vice President, Mr. J. Henderson, J.P. ; Hon. Secre tary and Treasurer, Mr. E. Govett; Committee —Messrs. J. Evans, A. Martin, J. Ey, and J Bennett. Several matches were arranged. Intercolonial Exhibitions Commission.— His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to add the names of Messrs. E. Ward, M.P., and C. Sabine, J.F., to the list of Exhibition Com missioners. A meeting of the body was held oil Tuesday morning, the minutes of which appear elsewhere. Trap Accident at Steathalbyn.—On Satur day evening last, as Mr. and Mrs. W. Rankine, sen., accompanied by Mr. John Rankine, were driving along one of the streets in Strathalbyn in a four-wheeled buggy the ringbolt broke, the horse became frightened, pulled Mr. Rankine, sen. (who stuck to the reins) on to the grouud, without hurting him, and then bolted towards heme, taking with him the shafts and front wheels. The accident might have proved a very seiious ODe, but it happened that none of the party were hurt. Civil Service Rifle Company.—A well-at tended meeting of the members of the Civil Service Rifle Company was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Tuesday afternoon, March 18, for the purpose of electing officers and trans action of other business. Captain F. J. Naish was unanimously voted to the chair. On the proposition of the Secretary, seconded by Mr. Gee and carried unanimously, Mr. T. F. Wick steed was elected Captain in the room of Mr. J. 0\. Hickson, retired. Mr. Wicksteed briefly returned thanks for the compliment paid him, and felt sure that the members, and he would work well together. After settlement of pre liminaries for the election of the other officers, a ballot was taken, which resulted in the return of Mr. F. R. Coffee (Secretary) as First Lieu tenant, and Mr. C. H. Strother as Second Lieu tenant. Messrs. T. Guy Curtis and J. H. Hol lingworth were elected Sergeants, and Messrs. H. C. Gee and W. Andrews Corporals. -Each briefly returned thanks, and stated his intention to use his best endeavours to fuitberihe interests of the company. Mr. John R. Mann proposed, and Mr. T. W. Green seconded—" That a Com pany Fund be at ouc-e started, and that the sub scription per member he 10s. per annum." Mr. Mann further proposed, and Captain Naislr seconded—"That the Secretary be also Treasurer . to the company." Both these propositions were carried unanimously. The delegate (Mr. Jchn R. Mann) reported the proceedings of the Council up to this date, and was loudly ap plauded for having sunk hi« personal views io favour of a blue uniform for that of grey, desired by the Company. The meeting con cluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The FfitriT of the Vine.—We have received from the Bev. J. Nicholson a copy of the Bev. H. T. Burgess's essay which, it will be recol lected, won the £100 prize offered by the Sou h Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope XJnion for the best paper on "Tlia Fruit of the Vine, exposing the fallacy that, alcoholic vines possess any claim as an article of diet, and detailing the most profitable and valuable us> s to which the fruit of the vine can be applied, and its parity preserved, based upon scientific, historical, and experimental facts." Tbe essay is said to have been written amid " the pressure of peculiarly heavy minis terial duties," and it was ** interrupted by a protracted and severe affliction but for all this Mr. Burgess has stated bis case clearly and well. He writes forcibly and earnestly, and he brings forward some very high authorities in support of tbe views be advocates. Towards tbe close of tbe work he deals with unfermented wines, and he refers approvingly to unfermented wine made by Mr. Wright, of London, which, It is stated,-is now used in 1,000 churches of _ alt denominations, and has stood the test of eigh teen years' continuous Bale in every climate. Mr. Burgess also deals with the manufacture of raisins, as well as with preserving and packing grapes for export, and closes with a few sugges tions to vi lit growers as to the proper way of keeping grapes and making a wine that should be the pure unadulterated juice of the grape. Mr. Nicholson bss sent with the book a bottle of Mr. Wright's wine, which we have tasted, and which we can commend to those who lika lemon syrup and raspberry vinegar. Acctdhntat. Death—The Norwood police were fnrnished'with a report on Monday even ing to the effect that a boy named William Trenorthen, son of a labourer of tbe tame name, residing at Summerton, had died at the resi dence of his cousin, a market gardener, early in the evening through shock to the system from burns which he received by his nightdress Acci dentally catching fire on the morning'of the 15th. Mr. G. Noices, J.P., knowing the family and the circumstances of the accident, deemed IT unnecessary, and gave a certificate to that effect New Mabucb Board Offices.—The scaffold ing has been removed from the new Marine Bo&id; Offices, revealing the most handsome building in Fort Adelaide. It is situated. between , the Institute and the Telegraph Station, the site having frontages to Commercial' road' and the North-parade.^ Some excellent masonry work has been put into the structure, whichis built of Sydney and Dry Creek stone. Mount Plhabant Pbbbbytbbian Sabbath School.—The anniversary services of the above school were held on Sunday and Wednesday,the 9th and 12th March. The Rev. Thos. Piper, of Adelaide, preached on the Sabbath to good audiences, and lectured on the Wednesday evening, the subject being " Earthquakes and Volcanoes." The lecture was illustrated throughout by means of maps and coloured diagrams, and was not only deeply interesting but very instructive. At the close a vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. Piper, and suitably acknowledged. The services were very success ful throughout. Government Tender.—One tender has been received at the Surveyor-General's Office for clearing the road between Tickera and Wal laroo, viz., that of G. W. Bowden and J. Fooks. Sunday-school Trhat.—The quiet township of Mount Torrens was on Thursday, March 13, the scene of nnusual festivity. The Sunday school children of St. George's Church met at the church at 2 o'clock, [and after a short ser vice, conducted by the Rev. R. W. Holden, walked in procession to Mr. Atkinson's paddock, where with merry games they thoroughly en joyed themselves. Afterwards they had a sub stantial and plentiful tea, which was kindly provided by the ladies of Monnt Torrens. There was after this a public tea, and in the evening an entertainment, both in aid of the funds for St. George's Sunday-school library. Both were highly successful, and together realized £14. The tea was held in Mr. Atkin son's ^wheatstore, which he kindly lent for the occasion ; and the entertainment in the public schoolroom. Mount Gambieb Railway Works.—The Border TPaich says:—"The erection of the various buildings at Mount Gambier in connec tion with the railway is making rapid progress. The goods shed, for which Messrs. C. & E. Millar are contractors, will be finished in about three weeks. Most of the material—wood—is imported here ready cut to required lengths, and about a dozen workmen soon put it together. The engine shed, which will be of stone, will be near Wehl-street. The masonwork will be commenced almost immediately. A large well is now being sunk alongside the line, about half way from the station to Wehl-street, for the use of the eDgine. A pump will be put in it, and an eight-horsepower engine will work it A turntable 1b also being constructed, The pas senger station, for which Mr Billing is the contractor, ib rise progressing satisfactorily. Mr. W. G. Glass is the foreman, and it is being well carried ont under his management. The station will be finished about the end of April.", Mh. Johnstone's Pictures.—The two latest oil paintings from the brash of Mr. H. J. John stone, the well-known artist, are now to be seen at the Temple of Light, Bundle-street. The subjects taken are "Near Paradise, Evening," and "The Torrens above the Gorge." The first pleases us best, with Uie somewhat cursory new we had, as the pictures are not hung. The scene is a bend of the Torrens, with the Mount Lofty Range in the distance, some old trees on the river bank in the foreground, and fields in the centre. The time is evening. The trees and the river bank stand out in very clear relief, and while the western eky is just such a one as we frequently see after sunset, the mountain range appears far away. The wild scenery of the second picture, representing the gully above the Gorge, is very true to nature, but does not pre sent the variety which is to be found in its com panion. The pictures are the property of a gentleman in the city. Coal on Kangaroo Isi.and.—Mr. J. W. Daw has shown us some specimens—which are stated by Mr. A. Thomas, analytical chemist, to be coal of good quality—found on the property of Mr. Johnston, Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island. It is intended to thoroughly test the discovery, and to make the necessary preliminary application with the view of obtaining the Government bonus. Fire at Hxkcb's Restaurant.—A fire took place in the upstairs cooking-room connected with Mr. Hince's restaurant, at the comer of Kiog William and Hindley streets, on Wed nesday, March 12. About midday smoke was seen issuing from a door at the back of the building, and fortunately it was discovered early, for otherwise the whole of the upper part of the building would soon probably have been in flames. It seems that some old rags and paper were left too close to the gas-stove, and became ignited. As no actual damage was done the Coroner, after examining the premises and recommending the substitution of sheetiron instead of deal boards near the stove, did not deem an inquest necessary. National Building Society.—The monthly meeting of this Society was held on Wednesday evening, March 12, at the head office, Franklin street; Mr. W. Holland in the chair. A state ment of the assets and liabilities, showing the I csition of the Society on October 28,1878, was submitted, and much satisfaction was expressed at the character of it. The assets amount to the large sum of £117,896. Against this there is owing £17,000 on the Southwark property, £5,293 to depositors, £1,028 to the Bank, and £SOO on contracts at Goodwood. There are 3,612 shares altogether, of which 2,275 are investing shares, representing an accumulated amount in the shape of subscriptions and profits cf £90,363. The following memorandum was attached to the statement:—" The total amount lent out on mortgage since the commencement of the Society is over a quarter of a million (£265,070 5s.), and the total amount of xeceiptB for the same period nearly half a million (£452,254 lis. 9cC). The average rate of profit declared since the commencement of the Society for the first seven years, Is. 5JcL in the pound; for the next seven years, Is. Ofi. in the pound ; and for the last two years ending Octo ber 28,1878, Is. 2d. in the pound. Ratio of expenses to receipts 3§ per cent." The Auditors reported that they had investigated the Society's posity and affairs and were satisfied with the result of their investigation. Pulling Down Old Buildings in the City —A very dangerous piece of business occurred in Bundle-place on Monday week, where men are now pulling down Messrs. Marshall and Sons' ©Id^building at the corner of that thoroughfare and Bundle-street. The workmen attached a rope to a portion of the premises in the rear at the full height of the building, and in razing it pulled it towards them from the street with the intention that the wall should fall inside. In coming down, however, the swaying mass bulged in the centre inwardly, struck another part of the building, and sent the top of it, to the weight of over half a ton, flying through the hoarding on to the roadway. It was most fortunate that no one happened to be passing just at the time. Only a second or two before several'people had gone both ways,and others had essayed to do so just as the material came down with a crash. The accident was a somewhat si ngular one, and therefore we are anxious not to charge the workmen with anything beyond a little want cf judgment, nevertheless it is necessary to draw attention to the very great danger always attending work of such a nature in crowded thoroughfares, and to point out the necessity jof every precaution being taken to avoid mishaps that might possibly lead to serious accidents or even loss of life. G lenelg, Brighton, and Stukt Permanent Building Society.—The fifth half- yearly meet ing of this Society was held at the Society's Office, on Tuesday, March 4, the ftev. Thos. Field, Ml, presiding. The Directors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. The net profit amounted to £81 3s. 3d., makings profit of about 6s. per share, of which Ss. per share was allotted. The Chairman congratulated the shareholders upon the progress made during the half-year, and said the demand for purchased shares had largely exceeded the income from investing shares. In consequence of this many applications for loans had had tobe refused, the Directors not feeling justified in obtaining an overdraft above £400. The profit available for distribution yielded 5s. per six-months-old shares 'and a reserve profit equal to another shilling per share. The funds of the Society were all invested in safe freehold properties. Mr. G. W. Hawkes having resigned the Auditor ship, the Directors had requested Mr. Harry D. Gell to act as Auditor jointly with Mr. Bichard Allen, jun. This action was confirmed, and the retiring Directors —the Bev. Thos. Field, M.A., ard Messrs. J. F. Proctor and G. S. Martin— were unanimously re-elected. Mr. Caterer gave notice of motion to enable shareholders to make extended payments. A hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman, Directors, and Secretary closed the meeting. Mutual Assurance Suciett of Victoria.— We observe that the Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, Limited, has established a branch office In Adelaide. TheHon. Thomas , Lokder (one ot &e; Directors) and the Secretary ,' (Mr/Thomas Walters) visited this city for the purpose" of nominating a local Board and ar- ■ radgihg.'other matters connected with the' branch, , and secured the services of Messrs. Cabal Peacock, M.P., as Ohairman, and F. Basedow, MJE> and L. A. Jessop, JP., as local "Directors. The Resident. Secretary is Mr. William Marshall, who previously held the position of Accountant of the Society in "Victoria. Mr.Marahall has been connected with insurance business for over eighteen years, and is an As Boci&te; of the Institute of Actuaries. With the exception of one, all the Mutual Life Societies in Australia are now represented in this colony. Poltiics ik South Australia.—The Sydney Evening JVetoshas the following:—" An influen tial correspondent, writing from South Australia, says:—' In politics we are in a howling mess. Bonds sacrificed. Government weak and extravagant. Opposition weaker and disorganized. No leader for next session.'" Sydney Exhibition.—Already a projected visit to this Exhibition has been attracting attention, and in view of the limited accommo dation which exists for visitors in Sydney it has been proposed by a few Fortonians to charters steamer and keep her for a residence in Sydney Harbour for ten days. We hear that there is every probability of a modified scheme of this kind being carried out, and several of the steamers are suggested as eligible for the trip, notably the Aldinga, which would afford space for 150 passengers. It will be seen from a notice in our advertising columns that a visitors' agency has been started in Sydney, with whom parties contemplating a visit to the Exhibition will do well to communicate. God in Science and God in Cheist.—We have received from Mr. George Robertson a copy of the Rev. W. R. Fletcher's able addresses on the relations between modern science, theism, and Christianity, as delivered before the Con gregational Union in April and October of last year. The addresses have appeared in our columns; bnt they are published by request in the form of a pamphlet, and the proceeds from the sale thereof will be devoted to the Children's Hospital. Scarcity of Watee at Gbeen's Plains.— The Wallaroo Times of March 15 says:—" The large dam at Green's Plains East is now dry, and if a heavy fall of rain does not come very soon a great many of the farmers will find themselves ab badly off this year as they did during the severe drought of 1877. Fortunately there is a large tank full of water at Hill & Oo.'s Green's Plains stables, which is now being sold at a moderate price, considering that all the Government dams are dry. This, however, cannot last long at the rate it was going away from the dam on Tuesday last, the day on which the last drop was pumped out of it. Operations commenced at 1 o'clock a.m. on Monday morning and continned until 9 o'clock of the same evening; and again resumed on Tuesday, till it was finished. Water was carried away in all sorts of vessels, from a two gallon iron tank to a nailcan, everything toai wouia noia water oeing pat in requi sition. Those farmers who have a lot of stock feel it worst, and unless a change takes place soon the cattle will require to be driven away. How the residents of the plains could have done without those large dams this season we cannot conceive. The Government, we think, should show wisdom in either providing more storage accommodation or assisting the three District Councils of Green's Plains, Clinton, and Kulpara by a special grant to enable them to bore for fresh water in various parts of the three districts. Several parties are very sanguine of cutting fresh water if they only had the means together with the necessary appliances for boring. It is evident that some thing most be done to provide against such long periods of drought as that we are now passing through, as well as for the increasing consump tion caused by settlement." Adelaide and Sdbbbban Tramway.—The number of passengers carried on the Kensington line during the week ending March 13 was 23,096, and on the North Adelaide line 17,227."!^ Bask Istbbest on Deposits.—The diffe rences which have for some time existed amongst the Banks are now, says the Austral asian Insurance and Banking Record, in course of friendly adjustment. The Record writes:—" In New Zealand preliminaries have been settled which will lead to a general agreement as to rates to be allowed for deposits, and as to other matters lately in dispute. In New South Wales an agreement has been made. The Banks in Victoria frill follow suit. The representative of the Bank of New Zealand again attends the Bank meetings here, and (with some right of reserved action) so does the representative of the Bank of New South Wales. It may he said that the prospect of a general understanding will to a great extent put an end to a system of over-bidding for deposits which has had a mischievous tendency." Duplication of the Cable.—It is satis factory (states the Australasian) to observe that there is a prospect, after all, that the cable now beiDg constructed for the duplication of telegraphic communication between Australia and Europe will not be utilized for the con nection of Aden and Natal, a difficulty having arisen respecting the terms of the purchase. Under the agreement concluded in last De cember the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company are required to complete and open the second cable between Singapore and Port Darwin and Singapore and Penang within eight months from the date of the signing of the contract, which must be signed not later than July 1 next. It has, however, been in timated to the Governments concerned that should no unforeseen accident occur the cable will probably be laid and in foil operation at a much earlier date than that limited by the conditions of agreement. Although the public anxiety for European intelligence is not so keen as it was during the war fever of last year, yet general satisfaction will he felt when we are no longer compelled to rely upon the safety of a single cable. As the annual subsidy of £32,400 will be levied from the various colonies in proportion to their population, the charge will not be a heavy addition to the national burden. Until the next general census is taken, when a redistribution will, no doubt , be necessary, the subsidy will probably be levied upon the basis of the population of the colonies on December 31, 1876, in which case Victoria will be called upon to pay £11,275, New South Wales £8,450, Queensland £2,510, South Aus tralia £3,028, Western Australia £367, Tasmania £1,415, New Zeaiaud £5,355. Accident at Gawdeb.—Oar Gawler cor respondent, under date March 16, writes:— " On Saturday morning an accident which almost miraculously did not prove very serious, occurred in Murray- street as the result of a very dangerous practice which has been carried on for some time in connection with the tramway. Those in charge of the trucks have been in the habit of uncoupling the horses when abont opposite the Exchange Hotel, and allowing the loaded tracks to ran down hill at a very rapid pace. The local papers have called attention to this, and protested very strongly against the practice. On the morniBg in question a truck came down as usual with one man standing on the brake, hut seemingly without any control over it. When opposite the Bank of Adelaide a horse attached to a cart belonging to Mr. Hainke, of Gawler .River, backed on to the line, and a heavy collision took place. Miss Hainke, who was driving, was thrown ont, and a little girl was left hanging in the cart, which was thrown right over and sustained considerable damage. Fortunately neither of the occupants was hurt, but the accident should prove a serious warning to those who allow such a very dangerous method of goods traffic." Show me the Spikes.—There still remain (remarks " Atticus") some specimens of brave old "salts" with the fall flavour about them of the days of Oodrington and Nelson. The Com missioners of the Harbour Trust and several guests proceeded down the Bay in the steamer "Warhawk to welcome the Marquis of Normanby on his arrival in Victoria, and having some time to spare a visit was paid to Her Majesty's ship Danae. They weie conducted over the ship, and one of the gnests, the Mayor of a suburban borough, after inspecting the guns, asked an assistant gunner, who was acting as cicerone, to show him the spikes. The gunner, all at sea, scratched his head, and ultimately produced a cutlass for inspection. " Oh," said the enquiring municipal dignitary, " I don't mean that, I mean things with which the canon are rendered useless when in danger of being cap tured by an enemy." ""Why," came the reply, coincident with the conventional hitch of the trousers and roll of the quid from the left cheek to the right, " Z can't do that, for the British sailor never spikes his guns." A Ghobt Story.—The following strange affair ] is reported from MacDonnell B®jr in^tilej&mfk-1; Easterm Star of March 7 *—" An extraordinary 1 supernatural.occurrence which is said to have, ta^en place on thq coast between hare iuid Sifoli Bay is creating' a great sensation, here.'Walter and William Garrison have been, at Work for soine little time obtaining oil frem the whale which was stranded on the beach. Tteptherdayttiey were out shooting in the vioinL^yand did not re torn to their tent till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Garrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction bom whence the sound proceeded he observed what appeared to be a man of rather unusually tall stature making towards him. Garrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object,, and it appeared so weird and unearthly that his blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Garrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground ont of sight and left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt tiie shot, and melted into thin air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen." Sentence Coif fie iced.—The sentence (say* the Border Watch) passed on the young man John Fraser for furious riding and endangering the life of a child at Bosaville, near Mount Gambier, on New Tear's Day last, is not to be interfered with. The following official reply has been received to the petition sent to the Governor praying for a mitigation of the sentence" Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, February 27, 1879. Sir—I am directed by the Chief Secretary to inform you that the petition forwarded with your letter of the 27th nit. has been dnly laid before His Excellency the Governor, who declines to interfere with the sentence passed upon your brother John Fraser.— I have the honour to be. Sir, jour obedient servant, Fred. J. Sahdrrson, Acting Under Secretary." The Adelaide Untveksitt.—As one of the results of its recent examinations the Adelaide University is now in a position to confer its first degree of B.A. The fortunate winner of this honour, Mr. T. Ainslie Caterer, a South Aus tralian-born, is the eldest son of Mr. Caterer, Principal of the Norwood Grammar Schoc1 Mr. T. A. Caterer was one of the first to enrol himself as a student in the University Asso ciation, and under its auspices gained the first prize for classics in 1875. He matriculated with the first batch of students in 1876, and having successfully passed the various examinations prescribed for the B.A. course, has gained the distinction of being the pioneer graduate of the Adelaide University. The following are the results of the supplementary ordinary examination, March, 1879.—Second Tear—The undermentioned students passed in Classics:—Henderson, James ; Mack, H. H. Third Tear—The undermentioned student passed in Mental and Moral Philosophy:—Caterer, T. A., Matriculation Examination.—The undernamed candidates have passed in all the com pulsory subjects:—Beninga, 0. L. ; Cooke, W. E. ; Cox, C. B. ; Espie, J.; Lehman, A.; Norman, W.; Oldham, E. W. Threlfall, A. O., Oflindell, H. W. Iu the fore going lists the names are arranged in alpha betical order. A classified list, with the results of the examination in the optional subjocts, will he published in a few days. Betttbned Colonists.—By the steamer Vio torian, which arrived on Monday, the Hon. W. Sandover and Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A., Inspector General of Schools, returned to the colony from a visit to Tasmania. The Biveb Trade.—The recent rise of the waters in the Upper Darling has led owners of river boats to bestir themselves with a view to at once taking advantage of it. At Goolwa and Milang active preparations are being made for a start up river, and it is expected that in about a fortnight or three weeks' time there will be quite an exodus of steamers from those ports. Death oh Board the Victorian.—A cabin passenger named Mrs. Mazy Neill was found dead in her berth on board the s.s. Victorian, which arrived at Port Adelaide on March 1. The City Coroner made enquiries of the stewardess of the steamer, of Miss Oarr, a travelling com panion of deceased daring the passage from Melbourne, and of Dr. Gething, who had exa mined the body. He decided that an inquest was unnecessary, as the doctor expressed an opinion that death resulted from rupture of the vessels of the heart, producing fatal syncope. We understand that deceased was the widow of the late Mr. E. Neill, Mayor of Sandhurst, and was on a visit to friends in this colony. She was related to Messrs. J., A. S., and W. Neill, of Fort Adelaide. The Steathatbth Foegeby Oases.—Mr. Nicholson applied to Mr. Justice Boucaut on Monday, March 17, to grant bail to William H. Harris, of Strathalbyn, auctioneer, who was committed for trial on three charges of forgery His Honor consented; the bail being in two sureties of £350 each, and the prisoner in £500. Chambrr of Manufactures.—An adjourned meeting of the Committee of the Chamber of Manufactures was held on Thursday, March 13. Apologies were received from the President and Messrs. Dohhie and Gall for their unavoid able absence. Mr. Gall, by letter, gave notice of motion—" That to prevent any misunderstanding at future Exhibitions every exhibitor attach his name and full description of the articles exhi bited, for the guidance of the Judges and in formation of the public." Punch Picnic.—The first annual picnic of the Adelaide Punch staff and their friends, together with the employee of Messrs. Scrym gonr & Sons, took place on Saturday, March 15 The company, numbering about fifty persons left the office, King William-street, at 8 o'clock, and were driven to Clarendon in two of Messrs. B. George & Co.'s large omnibuses. A pleasant 8pot on the banks of the Onkaparinga was chosen, where cricket, croquet, and athletics were indulged in by some, while others found sufficient enjoyment in straying through the thickets of graceful teatree and gathering wild flowers and berries. At 1 o'clock the caterer, Mr. J. Smith, spread an appetizing lunch under the greenwood tree, of which few fragments remained, so keen a relish did the sweet country air bestow. Mr. D. Gall proposed " Success to Adelaide Punch,1' which he was glad to see had become a perma nent institution. The editor, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, responded, and thanking the company for the manner In which the sentiment had been received, said that the proprietors had now no doubt of the success of their paper, which had doubled its circulation in a few months. They purposed making further im provements, which would render Adelaide Punch a production of which the colony would have no cause to feel ashamed. Mr. G. F. Hussey pro posed "Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons," which was responded to by Mr. E. Scrymgour. Captain Sweet, who was upon the ground, then took a photograph of the party, who again separated until teatime, after which they drove back to town, having enjoyed a very pleasant outing. Attempted Suicide.—A young girl named Annie Conroy took poison in King William street on Thursday night. She was removed to the Hospital, where it was ascertained that sha was not in any serious danger. The English Mail Service.—We under stand (says the Argus) that information has reached Sydney the effect that negotiations for the mail service have been stopped for the present by the Colonial Office, it is believed with the view of inducing the colonies to enter into a combined arrangement, and that some months will elapse before anything is finally determined. The City Finances.—A meetin ■; of citizens was held at the Town Hall on TuejJay night to consider the propriety of borrowing a sum of money to enable the Corporation to carry on the works of the year and pay off the overdraft now due. The gathering was confined to ratepayers, about 600 of whom were present, and the Mayor presided. Mr. E. W. Wright moved, and Coun cillor King seconded, a proposition that the Corporation be requested to submit for decision by a poll of the citizens the desirability of raising either by loan or special rate a sufficient sum to cover the amount expended and required for city markets in excess of the amount already boi rowed on that account. After several speeches had been made it was suggested that the.proposition was too complicated, and it was withdrawn in favour of an amendment that the sum of £20,000 be borrowed. This on being put was negatived, and a poll was demanded, which the Mayor said should be taken on Friday afternoon. He, however, subsequently informed us that he reserved the right of referring the whole question for the advice of the City Solicitor. 