TOWN TALK. We are authorised to state that his Excel lency the Governor and Lady Bowen will be Ipresenfc at the Geelong race meeting to morrow (Thursday), arriving by the second special train. It will no doubt be the last occasion of the vice-regal family visiting this part of the colony. According to a Benter telegram published this morning, with reference to the trial of the Directors of the City of Glasgow Bank, the case for the prosecution has close!, and in consequence of the evidence adduced the charge of theft and embezzlement have been withdrawn. We regret to record a rather serious acci dent which befel Mr Alex. Iteid, the well known miller, of Little Malop-street. He wais driving into town from the direction of the railway station at eleven o'clock yester day. forenoon, and when approaching the turn into Gheringhap-street the horse he was driving slipped and fell on the road. Anxious to secure the horse before it rose to its feet,; Mr Beid made a spring out of the buggy, but unfortunately his left leg doubled underneath his body when he landed on the metal, and his leg was broken just above the ancle. Mr Beid was at once conveyed to the Hospital We are glad to learn that Mr H. J. Bar rel!, son of Mr.S. S; Barrell, has obtained his certificate as an anthorised surveyor, he having passed with credit at the recent ex amination for surveyors. Twenty-six candi dates presented themselves, of whom but four succeeded in passing. Mr H. J. Earrell was for .some time clerk in the local branch of the London Chartered Bank, but resigned that position to qualify himself as a surveyor. The following horses arrived in Geelong yesterday by trainCzar, Zambesi, Whirli gig, Queen Bee, Lord Harry, Shadow, and Greystanes ; the three last named have ob tained boxes at Mr Hole's stables. Three boys, named Michael Moore, Chris topher Curtain, and Thomas Cartain, were arrested by Sergeant Swale yesterday, at Kensington, and brought to the lock-up, on a charge of having, on Sunday afternoon, set fire to a grass paddock owned by a selector named Ash, at Kensington. The boys state in their defence that they were endeavoring to burn a snake out of a log, when the grass accidentally got on fire. The s.s. Adela arrived in the Bay yester day, from Newcastle. The vessel, under the command of Captain Sanderson, left the latter port on the ,24th" inst., at 11 p.m. Cape St. George was passed on the 25th, at 6 p.m., and Montague and Gabo Islands were passed the next day at 5.30 a.m. and G p.m., respectively. On the 276h, at S.30 p.m., Wilson's Promontory was passed, and on the following morning Cape Schanck was sighted, the Adela entering the Heads at 11 a.m. yesterday morning, and arriving at the wharf at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Erom Newcastle to Montague Island light north east winds and fine weather were met with. For eight hours afterwards a strong south-west wind was experienced, and the weather then moderated until arrival. Consi derable excitement was occasioned on board the steamer soon after sho put to sea on the discovery of a fire raging in the port coal bunker. Much difficulty was experienced in subduing the fire, which got so great a hold on the coal that the donkey engine had to he used for some hours in pumping water into tho bunker. It is supposed tbat the fire was caused by the trimmers leaving naked lights in the bunker. The damago done was not sorious. A party of anglers located themselves the other afternoon near a place called the sheepwash, at the Connewarre Lakes, and there had a good deal of excitement in the way of "bites." The lake appeared to be swarming with sharks, and thirty-one, measuring about two feet in length each, were landed. One shark, said to be six feet long, seized the hook and line of the angler, and swam off with rod and tackle. Some sorry practical joker has lately been employed in the very humorous work of frightening women and children in the vi cinity of Armytage's road, Newtown. Clad in white, after nightfall, a figure has been seen by several people during the past three weeks, and the result has been that sundry children have almost been frightened into convulsions. There would not be much harm done if some one armed with a thick stick were to meet this counterfeit spectre whilst he is engaged in his cowardly pranks, and make a real ghost of him. The attention of the police is directed to the disgraceful conduct of boys attending school in Newtown. On the pavement in Aberdeen-street, a number of obscene and silly expressions, have been written in chalk. It is to be hoped that the offenders will be detected, and- taught a severe lesson, either by those who have charge of them, , or by | the Police Court magistrates. ! A boy named George Clarke, one of the athletes at the Circus, complained to the police yesterday forenoon of having been assaulted by Hadj Hamo, because he failed to perform a difficult feat during a rehearsal. The hoy was dreadfully marked abont the body, as if he had been beaten with a whip, A summons was issued against the Arabian, who will appear at the Police Coart this morning. A porter at the Hallway Station,, named Thomas Scott, when assisting to take race' horses out of a horse-box yesterday, had his left foot severely hurt by the door of the box falling on it. Scott had to be taken to ,tne Hospital, where his injury was attended to. Mr Woods has not come to any decision yet regarding the proposition to connect the Exhibition grounds and the Victorian Rail ways by a railway. The Eugineer-in-Ohief' has been engaged for some time in procur ing the levels and such other information as will enable him to make an estimate of the cost. The Commissioner of Public Works pur poses visiting Bacchus Marsh and the neigh boring locality on the 20th prox. The ob ject of the visit is to ascertain the necessity of several local wants which have been per sistently urged on the attention of the Go vernment. The principal of these 13 a suffi cient water supply, and it has been locally suggested that the Government shall give as a free gift to the district a reservoir on one or both of the Rivera Werribee and Lerder berg. Mr MacBain, M.L.A., had an interview with the Minister of Railways on Monday, on the snbjeet of the arrangements for open ing the Horsham line on the 5th prox. Mr Woods promised to charge the lowest excur sion fares .in connection with the event, a plan that is to be adhered to in future in all similar cases. These temporary excursion fares will only come into operation on the Melbourne and Hamilton to Horsham lines. A formal meeting of creditors in the estate of.Frederick Eeliray, salesman, of Colac, wa3 held yesterday. There were no'debts proved. A sad and fatal accident occurred on Mon day afternoon at Ivilmore to a yonng lad I named Ernest Hitchcoeke. It appears that I he, with three other lads, was ont shooting. J One of the lads was in the act of puttin" down the trigger to half-cock, when the »nn went off, the contents being lodged" in, deceased's hip. The lad only lived three hoars. • On Sunday last, a little child of Mr Patrick Burke's, TTrqukart-street, Coburg, was scalded'very severely through, pulling off the table the tea-pot, which was full of boiling water. The usual remedies were applied, but there is very little chance of the child surviving. A .woman named 1'ary Ann Green, 29 years of age, and living in Little Lonsdale street, was treated at the Melbourne Hospi tal on Monday for burns over her face and body. She stated that another woman threw a kerosene lamp at her. Mrs Catherine Mitchell, who was ad mitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Sun day last, suffering from a contused wound on tbe bead inflicted with a tomahawk, died from the injuries on Monday. On Monday morniDg a hawker named William JohnHles, aged 69 years, shot him self at his residence in Parker-Btreet, Castle maine. The unfortunate man . has been desponding for some time, and latterly has been very low in spirits, having lost the use of his arm, it having been fractured by the kick of a horse. In the .morning he spoke despairingly to his wife, and almost immedi ately afterwards ho went out and shot him self. He had placed the gnn in the fork of a bush, and pulled the trigger, the dis charge, a light one, entering above the ear, but not passing through. He fell and died directly. The sittings of the Wesleyan Conference at Melbourne were continued on Monday. The following ministers were received into fall connection with the church, having passed the nsunl probation :—The Bevs. A. j Powell, J. C. M'Dougall, C. H. Standage ; I and the following were continued on trial:— | Bevs. J. M'Cann, J. Adams, B. W. Christie, i John A. Osborne, T). S. Lowe, D. A. Gellese- j men, J. J. Brown, TV. Presley, E. S. Cox, W. Batten, W. Wykes, H. K. Hutchinson, W. E. Bromton, J. 'May, M. W. Thomson. On Saturday last a man named Dennis O'Lcary, aged forty-two years, died in the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, from tetanus. An inquest was held on Monday, when the following particulars were elicited:—De ceased was engaged on the 15th instant fill ing wagons on the Gippsland railway, South Varra. He endeavored to clear the rails for | a truck, and used his hands instead of a shovel, the consequence being that his hand got jammed by the wagon being pushed by the men behind. The patient was removed to the Alfred Hospital, where it was found necessary to amputate a finger of the injured hand. Deceased progressed favorably till Friday last, when lock-jaw supervened, and, in spite of treatment, the patient rapidly j Bank, and died on the day mentioned. The annual general meeting of the . Mel bourne Typographical Society was held on Saturday afternoon, in the Temperance Hall, Bnssell-street, Melbourne. The reports and balance-sheet were adopted. The balance sheet showed an amount of .£191 1b 9d to the credit of the Society, being an increase of £51 ids 7d on the half-year. The office bearers were re-elected Messrs D. Byan, president; TV. TV. Dudley, vice-president; J.Dnmmelow, .treasurer ; F. Hewitt and E. G. TVebborley, trustees ; and A G. Bolger andB. A G. T. Atkinson, auditors. v In connection with the enquiry into the mystery attaching to tho death of Mrs Charlotte Collins, the Argus saysOne of tho most extraordinary features of this affair is the character of the house kept by Mrs Evans, in Bitzroy. A search through the records of the local registrar shows that since Jnly> 1877, the deaths of five illegiti mate children have been registered from her house. Previous to her residence at Ivo. 2 James-street, she kept a small private lying in-hospital iu Hanover-street. Duriog the last five years about 20 births, stillborn or otherwise^ have taken place in her establish ments. Tlie fialtaral Courier is informed that MO persons have been lately dismissed by the Minister of Bailways, in order to cut down ' the expenses of his Department. The usual weekly meeting ol St Ite Total Abstinence Society was held on J] day evening, in St. Mary's Schoolroom, w.'-'-fe principal business transacted was the , tion of tbo auditors' report and b>w i sheet, which were presented by theandj^ ' Messrs Murphy and Trait. The bal2 ' sheet showed the total balance to thccr* ■; of the general account to be £272 5j which was a great improvement on tlnj.^ last year. The receipts of the mana 'rjj account for the year-were £188 10j 5i|gjl and the expenditure £12G Os 3d, tavjjp® credit balance of £60 10s 5Jd, The to credit of the sick fund for the jErtJyt £119 2s 3d, and to the funeral fund lid, which were considerably in etca,, - those of the previous year. The report re balance sheet were unanimously adoofe&il; and a vote of thanks passed to the andife^' with acclamation. Tho popular drama of the "Irish was performed; at the Mechanics' Wis"" last evening to a moderately house. The piece contains a number^ citing scenes -in connection with the Ji of Gerald Fitzgerald (Mr J. J. from prison, where ho had been for taking a leading part ■ revolution of '9S. Throughout the * formance the utmost interest was Jr> in the acts, the amusement and er&S;' ment being well maintained. The prai-.fe characters were sustained by Mr EVfh'i and Mrs Herndon (Eileen Kilgoituf^ first-named being the patriot and afterr^!*? the exile ; Eileen ICilgour first app^-G' as the daughter of Lord but being in reality the daughter^; exile, hnt adopted by Lord (Mr F. Belton). Both were" played,-tri much zest and effect, judging from |j quent bursts of applause from the amk* Miss Kate Foley bad very little to psj. in the character of'Kathleen Fitzgenl^' her acting was excellent, and her renfe of the song " Barney O'Hea " was ties, for very warm plaudits. Morgan WtJ^, 1 unprincipled schemer, was ably repra-3, by Mr C. K. Ireland, and his violent dn in the prison when promising to obtaa j reprieve of the exile on condition it Gerald's daughter married him, appaj to be quite a relief to the audience, ( Charles Verner, acting the part of Fb£ O'Meara, one of Fitzgerald's follora' ' sang a comic song, "Pat II'Cse which was accompanied by a step dig Both performances being rapturously • cored. Several times during the eveciojl Wallace and Mrs Herndon were called fez the curtain. The piece to be played to-nii;r entitled "Bertha, the Sewing Madi'■: Girl; or, Death at the Wheel." St. Leon's Circus Troupe gave another their clever performances yesterday evening and also one in the afternoon, to a large number of spectators. The various items the programme were faithfully carried on and in a manner that testified to the n of the performers. A new feature press yesterday evening was the invisible wire walking of Mr James Perkins. This artist who must be possessed of wondrous balancing powers, performed a variety of startling feats on a slack wire, which was so thin that it seemed impossible for it to bear a man's weight. The wire is of the kind used in pianos, and from the galleries it was not visible, yet without any aid from a balance pole Mr Perkins played a violin, drank water, etc., with a deftness that excited full astonishment of the audience. The somer sault-throwers, riders, clown, and Japanese were also duly appreciated and warmly ap plauded at both performances. The pigeon shooting match, bete Messrs Fox and Greenwood, arranged! - take place to-day, will not be fired offbeh , Friday. An unusnal sight, in the shape of a via sparrow, is (writes the M. A. Fail) to 1 seen in one of the numerous clonds ol hs birds about Strathloddon. In the snn-h it has a polished, glistening appeatani^r^-■ is at home with its sober-colored mara The llendiijo Advertiser says tin's? - again the Bendigo wines lave been ansa . ful in competing in the adjoining cokaa. At the Queensland National Eihitea held on the 14th and loth instant, Mil Bruhn, of the Emu Vineyard, was arads first prizes for Verdeilho and Cube wines.. Only four prizes for wines 12.-; given, the other two being taken ty 1 /, Fallon. 5 An Argus Chiltern telegram, date! !!»•... day, says An interesting match cairn i ; to-day in the Chiltern Park, between E ward Tanner and Houlaghan, for £20ss: the contest being a running high j-- . : which resulted, after some very good jffi . ing, in a draw at oft. 7f in. About 300 p, ?« sons were present. Messrs Blake and Riggall, the sokft for the defendant in the equity eniii Brougham v. the Melbourne Banking 6 poration," have received a telegram H their London agents, informing them tk * the appeal to the Privy Council againstO ruling of the Pull Court here has herns ' cessful. It will be remembered (saps Telegraph), that in August last his Hs •' Mr Justice Molesworth gave judgmeri' favor of the plaintiff, and that an appaH.qj the Full Court was not snccessfnl. ; The San Francisco correspondent oi p . .. Argus, writing under date Decemher says that it Is probable that Miss Carey (Mrs Livingstone) will leave hj January mail on a professional visit to in- ' tralia. Miss Augusta L. Dargon, an 3^ plished actress in the higher walks d k ' profession, will also be a passenger if same boat. Miss Dargon has a verT*'. q Tennyson's " Queen Mary," in which has gained much praise from Am®' audiences. 1 fjq: One of the most peculiar characterisnS^'i1. the present sunnier . (remarks the drSqpi Advertiser J is the abundance of manB**1^'! is now exuding from many of the trees. Mr Moorfoot, of Carroll's Cutting Big Hill, says that from nearly all thetr# in that neighborhood a large quantity | : being oozed out, and the children p"8';.;. as.it drops to the gronnd. At Opo3^ Gully a number of the trees glisten manna, and with the sun sparkling np00 : foliage a new beauty is added to the seen1?, -For many years paBt there ha3 been a ^ noticeable absence of this natural meat in the bush in this locality. The increase in the railway returns tinnes. Specials are constantly mnm-.^ri from Alary borough through to St at which latter place the wheat is ^j||| in such quantities that it cannot be in time. Thousands of bags of when' s||| waiting the means of conveyance to bourne,' besides quantities stored by aingp at St. Arnaud, to be sent on when thepr3^^ traffic slackens. The inadequacy ^||| Maryborough station to the requirem^Tjg the traffic is (says the Standard) siri»--'..v, r apparent, even to the listless observ®*i|| sorts of shifts having to be made to W line clear for traffic. When the con ^ 'yq plated alterations are really entered provision will have to be made for incr^'||j yard accommodation, which will relieve the drivers and other?. ij|i§ The S!>.ir reports that whilst the coach was leaving Ballarat on Monday ing, it met with an accident when it ^ as far as the Five-mile Hill, near M'Gf old tollgate, at Warrenheip, through , t.i near hind axle giving way while the"1'Trs were walking up the hill. The tody* coach toppled over gently on to its«dft>;. v; fortunately the concussiou was so slf ■' not to injure any of the passengers es'V... one man, who had his wrist hurt rrpj driver of the coach, named Hill, ha's • p, been known to be very careful, anduo can be attached to him for the ao«d*V5^ the news of which being brought in to" ' T [ office, another coach was sent ont to take on : the mails and passengers. [ The Sandhurst correspondent of Vae Argus | ■writes on Monday night:—A man named E Gustavus Cefland, 45 years of age, was ^ severely hnrned whilst in bed in a stable at I Kinypaniel on the ISth instant, a candle | which he left alight having communicated I its flame to the straw. The unfortunate \ man was taken to the Inglewood Hospital, <\- where he lingered until Saturday last, when fr he died. An inquest was held on the body I' by Mr Strickland on Sunday evening, at ;( which a verdict of death from burns acci % dentally received was returned.—On Satnr day evening a man named Christopher |& O'Brien, whilst riding between Durham Ox and the Pyramids, was thrown from his horse and killed instantaneously. Between S and 9 o'clock on Monday night Constables Holland- and Hutchison, plain clothes patrols, heard screams and cries of "murder" in little Bourke- street east, Melbourne. Eunuing down the street they found two women being assaulted there by some men. They arrested one of the assail ants, but were immediately attacked them selves by a crowd of roughs.-- Blows were K exchanged, and an exciting fight ensued. | The police were pretty severely bandied, but they repaid their opponents with inte I rest, and eventually sncceeded in arresting | It three of the roughs, named Thomas Brown, |i Michael Donovan, and Murdoch M'Bean, |f whom they looked up (reports the Argus) on charges of having assaulted the women, of having attempted to rescue prisoners, and of having assaulted the police. Donovan's p-. head was severely cut, and was bleeding pS- profusely when he was lodged in the lock |E np. M 'Lean had also a cut two inches long on the temple. A disgraceful scene took place at Chapel street, Braliran, on Sunday, just as the people were leaving chnrch after morning service. Three rough railway navvies, named Thomas Cochran, Thomas Fitz pstricb, and John Crowe, having quar relled with a man named Gilbert, stoned him along the street with street metal and broken bottles, cutting his bead open to the bone. He escaped into a house and his pnr =§?' suers followed bim, smashing the door and yh threatening his life, until the arrival of the ffi police put an end to the hrntal scene. " The HI three roughs (say3 the Age) were fined £5 ||e each, with iGs Gd costs, and damages £2, with 3s Gd costs, or in default, ordered sen tences of two months' imprisonment. m _' gi. We have received a little well-written bro Hgr. cJmrc, entitled " Lome: a Sea-side Sketch." It is a reproduction of letters written to the if;:- Press by W. I*., of Ballarat, and presents this gl charming sea-side retreat in the most attrac ts! tive word painting- that can be imagined. It is not only a guide to the neighborhood, but a poetical description of it, that no sojourner there should be without. We have received a pamphlet written by ggjt.the Rev. Dr. Cairns as a reply to Sir Ked Mtjnond Barry's proposal to open the Public i jig "Library on Sundays. We have also received SjljjF the seventh annual report of the Victorian j|ir Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to ; agf". Animals. I g; A public meeting for tli° purpose of forming j fg a branch of the Political Reform Association 8?: will be held in the Wesle3*an School- room, |g. South Geelong, at eight o'clock this evening, jfe The scale of charges to he enforced at the main gates at the Racecourse on Thursday and || Saturday will he found in our advertising fir columns. Messrs Dueker and Co. will offer for sale by ft auction, this day, at noon, a commodious re &£ sidence with Ok acres of land, on Herue "Hill ; ~ also a property near 14 the butts ; * and a cot tage in Corio-street. • .Messrs Mountjoy Brothers announce that they have reduced the fare by their coaches from Vinchelsea to Borne to 5s. Tenders are invited for the supply ef forage at the police and other stations. The treasurer of the ^Newtown and Chihvell Volunteer Pire Brigade desires to acknow ledge, with thanks, the receipt of half-a-gtiinea jlpF from Mr T. S. Harris, per Iklr Dew, in recog fe nition of assistance rendered by the latter at ig~ the fire on his premises, on Mondaj- morning, Mr Dew being a member of the Brigade. 