a trip to inyesel.ii and back. by Luke R. Hunt. I suppose, Mr. Editor, that during the whole course of the Examiner's natural (or unnatural; if you please) existance, no one has yet furnished you with " A trip to the far-famed town of ln verell." .Not, perhaps, because the journey is totally void of interest, but Bimply because tne iaea nasn c seized this or that one to do so, and thus rush in where even the most gallant angel might well fear to tread. So, as I am about to do the initiatory in the matter, I trust you will bo moderate in your criticisms, and lenient with your " shooting-stick," if perchance you should deem my first essay " pre posterous." To begin : Leaving the lofty heights of what is designated as the futuro railway termi nus, at about 11 o'clock a.m., I headed my brumby (a high-classed one) for a westerly course, at which point I am told lnverell lies. By dint of perseverance and good luck, I passed the pound yard safely, Brumby scarcely going beyond knee- deep in the rich soil which abounds in that local ity. Arriving at the bridge — an elegant structure, no -doubt, and erected on the principal of the Bridge of Sighs — I dismounted, and surveyed the situation. After a vigorous application of the back of my bowie for half an hour, I arrived at the sem blance of Brumby's understandings. Greatful for my consideration, and feeling somewhat freed of any surrounding calculated to stamp us as travel ling selections, my faithful quad, heaved a sigh. Gazing intently on the far- stretching plain of Fur- ruckabad, the poetic situation of tbe head-station, and ever and anon picturing a hoard of savages revelling in all the delights of a grand corrobevee 1 X, -I- 1_JL .i T T unaer me eucnanung ugnt ox liuuur, j. iuicu mjr cutty, and resumed the journey. After careering along at a swinging jig-jog over sharp metal beds, which appear at every point where they are not wanted, Blade's seleotion presented itself. Here I found the whole army of Blades engaged in garden ing pursuits. There were big Blades and little Slades ; female and male Slades — all working hard with spades, raising np crops of vogetables ; and as I turned from the scene, I could not help thinking how light the thought of house- wives, how little do they know what labour is brought to bear to gain an honest penny when they so persistently cry down the price asked for vegetables brought to their doors. Above Slade's, Mr. Christy's pro perty is seen, which consists of an elevated seleo tion, on which is erected a nsat building, of Gothic architecture. The view presented from the build ing is a pleasing one. It is just Buch a spot whereon a hermit would love to dwell, for beyond the music of the birds, the occasional bound of a kangaroo, and the fall of a miniature cataract, he would have nothing to disturb his reveries. From this point the road is tolerably good till the foot of Waterloo Range is. reached, during which bit of travelling I passed the picturesque station of Beau fort, the head-quarters of Mr. Jas. Campbell. On ascending the range, I notioed several road-men's tents, tbe occupants of which were engaged at cards, playing for tobacco. I was asked to take a hand, but refused ; and after ascertaining they were not wasting time, but that the weather was too unpropitious to allow of their working, I again pursncd the track. I soon crossed the range, at the foot of which I met my long-lost friend, Tom Hennessy. He treated me with that free-hearted hospitality which characterises most genuine Irish men, inviting me to join him in a can of tea, which, with the addition of a slice of damper and salt beef, was quite a treat. I found.Tom as great a politi cian as ever. He elicited from me my views on the Pastoral Letter, in which he acquiesced, and, shak ing hands, we parted. Shortly after I found myself crossing the plains of Waterloo ; and, although they are not of Blucher renown, yet they are suffi- 1 .L.'-e.-i LlwUtljf UkuUtliUl WIU kliC rtUliiuUlg Ui all beholdere. On the right under the brow of a thickly- timbered hill, Waterloo station, the property of Mr. J. A. M'Intyre, is seen, while on the left the plains stretch away as far as the eye can reach to the foot of a range of mountains, which, here and there co vered with bosky foliage, serve to present a beauti ful vista to the gaze. Through the plain swiftly glides a crystal stream, and this, together with tho flocks of well-bred sheep, would furnish ample ma terial for the landscape artist. Refreshing my prad in the bosom of the stream, I travelled onwards, and after a sharp ride of abouLjeight miles, I came to Swanbrook Creek. This I crossed in safety, al though its turgid waters had an ominous look, and riding up to the pub., ordered com and' oats for Brumby, and a drop of " rosy," as Dick Swiveller has it, for self. This is called ",Half-way House," and kept by a burly Scot, whose fighting-weight I ascertained, is twenty-two stone. He is a genuine boniface nevertheless, and the abundant supply of good liquors, coupled with the civility of both tho host and hostess, imparts to the visitor the feeling that fie is quite at home. While waiting for Brumby to devour his meal, I was invited by a person to a gome of bull in the ring, and although it was my first attempt at anything of the kind, I had the good fortune to let him in for two whiskys. As the hour of four was now striking, and but half the journey done, I re-mounted, and was soon on the track once again, For the first eight miles I passed through a complete bog, knee-deep through out, at tfie termination of which darkness set in, and the rain which had been threatening all day, now began to descend in earnest, Through the gloom of night I wendod my weary way, coaxing Brumby along by an oocasional touch on tho ribs with a 10th century Bpur, as he was now beginning to feel the effects of culpable governmental neglect, and amateur road-making. After travelling along for some time, I deecerned lights on my left, which I imaginod were those of lnverell. Judge of my surprise, however, wheu I found myself at the tin- field of Elsmore, Learning my mistake, and the ' eomiorung assurance mat one xom Uiinott naa leit the gay and festive scene for an equally lively one called Bundarra ; that Elsmore had become out done by the wealth from a neighbouring place known as Caroola ; and that I had still two hours rido before me ere I gained lnverell, I left my card with the hotel- keeper, and departed — where I kuow not, for as Byron says, " First came the loss of light and air, And then oi darkness too." Yes, I had become entangled in the over-hanging bows of a majestic oak, and the more I tried to extri cate myself, the more I got mixed-up, as the Yan kee says— firmly held at all angles, as though en snared by a fowler's net. "Feeling"my position some what, and casting a thought on you and your cosy fire, Mr. Editor, I couldn't help wishing I were you at that particular moment. By sudden wrench, I threw myself to earth. Lying under the canopy of the waving, dripping boughs, while the sighing of the winds spoke to my palpitating heart in tones of melancholy deBpair, I thought I would here com fortably give up the ghost without one parting kick from a certain few of my Glen Innea friends. But recollecting thai it is incumbent on me to clear and purify the place of these huge, clean- scalped wonders, the tide of hope once more flowed, and again. I was pacing the route for lnverell. Shortly after I came to the heaven-girt Brody's Plains. By this time the rain had ceased, and the moon shone forth in all her glory. It was a beautiful sight to the true lover of Nature. Here the mar supial race was represented by a couple of stately creatures, who had apparently stole away from their comrades in the" dense thickets, to survey the celestial grandeur of the scene. There were a couple of emus there also, and as I passed they marched leisurely away, wondering more perhaps at my approach, than the thought of danger. By slow degrees I neared my destination ; and it is, perhaps unnecessary to recount the pleasurable feelings which took possession of me when I haltee at Tattersall's. First of all, seeing Brumby com fortably quartered, I applied for lodgings. A good meal was provided, at which I will leave you for the space of seven days, when I hope to give you some particulars about lnverell and my return trip. 