Amusements. In spite of wind trad rain and 'thunder and blitzes,' as John Stofel calls it, a large number of people attended the suth representation of 'Struck Oil' and the 'Chinese Question' at the Theatre Royal last Bight. The pit woe cram full, the stalls could have contained ver.r few more, aid the dress and upper circle were well filled. The luvounie aratna is pmyca in quicKer unie tutm wnen nrst produced, and runs more smoothilv and satisfactorily, en abling the principals to exhibit the peculiar talents, and brintf out the telling points with full effect. The farce is a regular Ride-splitter. Mr. Willianisou'ii make-up is more ' celestial '-loobiug thau the genuine John Chinaman; and Miss Maggie Moore has every night to give three or fonr encore verses of that excellent Hibernian song, 'The babes on our block.' 'After Dark,' at the Vietoria Theatre, although credit ably acted aud well put on the stage, did not bring a large audience together last nicht. Wfien it iEreniemberedthat Mr. Saui Emery aud Miss Watt-Tanner are the leading characters, one may he confident of seeing good acting. Tho management offeraiuoBt attractive double hill this evening, viz., 'Ten Nights in a Bar-room,' and the charm ing little nautical drnuia ' Block-eyed Susan.' Messrs. Bake;- and Fan-on 'are just finished a snecessful run iu the laujrhiible burlesque 'The Uovernor,' audto niuht annouuee ' Lisa Ecules,' a favourite piece, and well known to Sydney audiences. Tbe Maories conclude their eugoCTmeut at this theatroafter tlieal'tenuen performance this day. The 'Froli'iuen.' the troupe -( performer* who nave given so much satisfaction since their first appearance in Svdney. have almost concluded an unparalleled and most profitable season at the Guild Hall, to- uicbt bois? the last of their engagement in Sydney, at any rate for some time. They intending visiting Newcastle, and other provincial towns before leaving fur Melbourne. Another capital programme was placed before the audieiceat theProtestant Hall, last evening, by the Cur audiui Company. The attendance no doubt, but for the unfavourable weather, would have been much larger. A complete obange of the programme talcs place every even inir, and the names of Ifiss Marie Oarandini, Miob St. Clair, Mr. Gooch, and Miss Melville always ensure a delightful entertainment vocal and mnsical. Tbe tent of Burton's Circus was not re-erected last night, and therefore no performance was given. This evening many novelties will be inserted on the bill, which will con tain the names »f a number of new artists. Professor Pepper's audience at the School of Arts was slightly smaller last evening, owing to the boisterous weather, but the lecture lacked nothing of its usual attrac tiveness, whicn those present frequently testified. With the exception that 'Fisher's GhoBt' is retained, the whole programme is a complete change for tbis and following evenings. Some of the noveltius are, if auvthlm?, more illuiory and wonderful than those which the learned professor t as already mretified his audiences with. ' Missing Ghosts ' or ' No. 27 in the Bed Lion ' is ipoken of as a most amusing sketch, and the story of 'Pygmalion undGidatea,' illustrated by 'Metempsychosis,1' must he attractive. Professor Popper's engagement of the hall io nearly at nn end, and consequently only a few more exhibi tions will take jjlnce. 