SAD AKD FATAL ACCIDENT AT MIL AS G. We take the following particulars from the Southern Argus of January 9:—"On Monday evening last the inhabitants of Milang were thrown into the utmost state of consternation and distraction on learning the probability of four lives having been lost on the Lake. Three members of one family—a brother -and two sisters—with .a young friend, from Adelaide, have been suddenly snatched from amongst us in the bloom of youth, health, and strength, and thrust into ft watery grave. It appears that young William Yelland, aged about twenty, Susan and Louisa, his sisters, aged Respectively eighteen and sixteen, with a young friend, Miss Crocker, aged about seventeen, daughter of Mr. Thomas Crocker, of Adelaide, left 'the coast of jthe Lake near Poin; Sturt, in Mr. Blackwell's small dingey, the Arrow, with the view- ef sailing to Milang to see Mrs. Yelland, the mother, "before she started in the Dispatch, mail steamer, for the South- East,; where she was going on a visit. Mrs. Yelland was driven to Milang by Mrs. Abbott, and the arrangement was that Mrs. Abbott waj to wait for the boat party and drive them home again) Young Yelland we have heard was 8tron|;Iy persuaded net to go this boat trip, "but the day was pleasant, the water smooth, and he and his companions looked to a pleasant trip to Milang, and took it in preference to the road, leaving accordingly about 1 or 2 o'clock. The. mail steamer took i her departure, _ Mrs. Yelland having been denied the gratification of ever seeing her children alive again. Mrs. Abbott waited and waited, and towards evening began to be anxiohs, but never dreamt of course of any accident. It then became a matter of notoriety that Yelland's boat ought to' have been in befor£, and during the afternoon a strangelooking object had been noticed out on the Lakejopposite Reedy Point; but this was first supposed to be a fisherman's boat being rowed in. For a couple of hours several persons noticed the boat did not make much progress; so when it became known that Yelland's boat was out Captain TinkB and others took telescopes and discovered that the curious-looking object was a boat lying broadside on the water. Captain Tinks immediately took a sailing boat out \ and Messrs. Potts and Blackwell and others pulled oat, and both;boats reached the upset boat about the same time, and to their sorrow found their; surmises too true—the Arrow Was lying broadside on tbe Lake with her sails set andnot a soul about. She lay about three miles from Milang and one from Reedy Point. The boats made as good a search as they could in the dark, and after righting the boat Captain Tinks went ashore at the Point, hoping to find some of the luckless ones there, but the search was fruitless. From what they saw of the position of the boat, the sails all being taut, and the direction of the wind, their opinion was tbat in rounding tbe Point the occupants had jibed her, and she was instantly turned over, and probably iu struggling with each other, the sails, and the boat the} had all been immediately drowned. Captain Tinks marked the spot, which was in about seven or eight feet of water, and as it was dark returned with "the ill- feted Arrow, hoping perhaps to find some saved when they got ashdre again. The disaster eoon became known, and the place they left and the Point were well searched, as well as tbe coast, but without any result except the certa|nty that the party had lef cPoint Sturt ann had pot been seen since. Daring the "night parties were organized, and at 4 next mornir g four-boats went oRt with lines wider tbe charge of Corporal Dann, Captain Tinks, and other experienced nautical men, and the Disp$tch,-mail steamer, travelled the ground in all directions in the hopes of raising the bodies. Mr.Kruse 's schooner and other boats were also abou£, and [every one did his best all day long till mght, but without any result, except finding a. keg of wine, some butter, a lady's boot, and sundries out of tbe boot. One of the Miss Yellandsj it appears, had frequently taken off one of her boeta when resting anywhere to ease a terder foot, and this, it is supposed, accounts for the stray boot. On Monday night cautious telegiams were dispatched to the parents, and on Tuesday Mrs. Crocker and her son arrived hy mkil at Milang, having heard all the sad news after their arrival at Strathalbyn. Up to late on Tuesday night it was not certain whether the message had found Mrs. Yelland, bnt it was expected that she would be back by the return mail. Mr. John Yelland, a brother, arrived at Milang on Tuesday." [Since this was published the whole of the bodies of the unfortunate young people have been recovered.] ALDERMAN MCAETHBTH.—Under the heading of " Chit Chat" the Methodist Journal of. this week contains the subjoined paragraph. So far as we can understand its drift it implies that the fact of Alderman McArthur being a leading member of tbe Wesl^an body gave him same sort of additional claim to a civic reception at the (cost of the ratepayers. We confess that it never occurred to ns to take into account tbe question of the .religious denomination to whidh our late visitor belongs, but as it is now suggested that this has a bearing upon the subject |we feel bound to give prominence to that view. Iu our opinion it is not a consideration which outweighs the public and secular reasons we Sset forth, as explicity and clearly as we were able, for objecting to the expenditure of the rates in banqueting the worthy Alderman, but of course that is merely a njatter of opinion. Tbe paragraph, which by jthe way is extremely loose and misleading in its statements, runs thus:—"I often notice that whenever the Register has the : ghost of a chance it gives us Wesleyans a slapjtbrough our leading men. Should a Wesleyan aspire to a scat in Parliament and not succeed then the Register records its unbounded satisfaction. But when he succeeds ear chureh is accused of political combination, an accusation which reveals at once dense ignorance of _ the character of Methodism and something which looks very like irreconcilable prejndice. True to its traditions an I character the Register came out on Wednesday moiniug with a most ill-natured article on Alderman McArthur, the' spirit of which comes to this:—"Who is this mau that: we should accord a civic reception to him ? Why not let him come and go as if he were nobody ? A couple of years ago when two members of the Corponation of Melbourne paid Adelaide a visit they were entertained by onr Corporation at a banquet and driven about the city, and suburbs; when the Australian cricketers returned from playing cricket round the world they were received by the Mayor and also had a drive around ; but when a distinguished member of the British House of Commons, an Alder man, and prospective Mayor of London comes all this way to see us we must show ourselves utterly indifferent to his officiil position, and' let him come and go with no more recognition than if he were some commercial traveller or fBome Yankee vendor of cheap books. According to the Register Mr. McArthur is not a profound philosopher because the Berryite organ in Melbourne considered that his speech at the Young Men's Christian Association was a reflection on the ftate of things in "Victoria ; and the Alderman should have received no recognition in Adelaide because the Mayor and Mr.' Councillor Raphael cannot agree as to who ought to pay for tbe banquet and the drive, though both agree that these tvere necessary. Certainly to have allowed Mr. McArthur to come and go without any public recoignition would have been untrue to our character as a courteous snd hospitable people, and wonld have sacrificed feuf; reputation in the eyes of the world at the shiine of our denominational prejudices." THE AUBTBABIAN.—We have received the January number of the Australian, a periodical containing much matter of interest to colonials. In ^ the present number are some excellent articles, scientific, philosophical, and entertaining. Not the least valuable is a contribution by the " Vagabond," giving a sketch of the great peaceful social revolution in connection with the labour question, with which the name of Joseph Arch is so closely associated. The article is written in the "Vagabond's" clear characteristic style, and puts in a fair light the life, labours, and worth of Arch, who by reason of his successful efforts to ameliorate the physical, mental, and spiritual condition of } c l a s s e s of England has been styled the Moses of the agricultural poor." The Australian also contains among other contributions on important subjects an essay upon the +£ C v n l??- m odern diffusion of the horse. In the light literature department is a continuation ot the story "St. Lawrence," by Christine Gari^fi 11 ! JkriHing ancient Mexican romance, Eyes of Tlalo e ." a*" 1 several 