SUPPOSED WRECK. %\rov:.ii Wybojut, Harbourmaster, received the fo'lowing telegram from Bulwer yes terday, fiotu Pilot Weds : — 'Mr. Todd has arrived from the South Pas sage, and reports' having seen a portion of a boat with a black bottom and white iOOsidftN about fk mile nnuth of Onwnn flnwan Point ; also a small dingy south of the burying ground. A boy in the employment of Mr. Lees states that he found near Cowan Cowan Point a small boat, and the two sides of e, whaleboat, and picked up.soveral articles on the beach. I intend to send a man to-morrow to ascertain if anything rau be di- overed of a wrecked vessel. Tho articles pick' i up by tho boy will bo iorwarded to Brisbane by the Laura.' A Wabnisq to Omor/3 Phopkietohs. — At the.sitting of thoPetty Debts Court, held yester day' afternoon, tba oaso of David Howard v. Hayes and Benhamo, dir ous proprietors, which was partially heard on Tuesday, April 29, was concluded.. The action was to recover the sum of £3C^ damages sustained through tho plaisv titt'lfl horses that wero attached to a couch carrying Her Majesty's mails between, Bris bane nud. BeaudeHert, being frightened by ib«t playiug- of defendant's band at the head of a procession of oara going down Stauley-streot, South Brisbane, on Mondiy,' April 21. Tho plaintiff's statement vim to the ofioct that tho horses. Btai-tlad ' bv the bund. ssvervud r -uud, and broke tb& polu and ono of tho front wheels of tho coach, and that tho brokon. polo pnuotrated' the hind-' quartern of ono of the lending horses, valuod at £25. Tho defendant's alleged that thero wan contributory negligence on tho part of tho pluinUfl', who, if be ohoso, could a ,vo uvoijed tlio accident. Bovwl witnesaos were oxa mined on both sides, and the Bonoh gavo a vorcliot for.tho plaintiff -for amount qlaitnod, with costs of I oourt, witnesses' expenses, and professional costs. M'r. Power, inatructel by llr. Thynne, appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Swanwick, instructed by MivMaophorsou; for tho defendants. Mr. Swanwiok gave nottco of appeal, ' ' Miscellanea. — The roport of tho-Woogaroo Asylum, for tho week onded May 4, shows that no change took place in the number or status' of tho inmates during tho period.— At the Police Court this morning, W. H. Friend was. fined, £6 for having a billiard room in his house with' out a license.. T2B;ENoOOBit« Rbrks. — It -was rusroured in town tHis morning that payable gold lad jmi been found in tho neighbourhood of Enoggora. Wo have mado enquiries and cannot brace tho rumour Vo any fonndation. Sunbat: School Anniveesaby. — ^Tho anni versary tea- meeting: of tho South Brisbane Baptist Sunday School was bcld in the cliurob.j Vultujro-strccti yesterday evening. An exnol leat ropast was provided, and a largo numSer of porsons were present. At the couolusion'ofe tho tea a publio meeting was hold, nnd tho pal tor of the cburoh, tho Ivor. T. L. Davies, occu pied the chair. Sororal addresses relative to- Sunday school work, wero delivered by Mr. W. Bell— who until' vory recently, was president of ftip Briabau9' Sunday School Union — and other gentlemen connected with that institution, or with other Sunday : schools. Tho topics selected by the speakors wero suit ablcfortbooccasioni andaprenredtointerusttho audience, who listened attentively to oaoh gen- . tleman as he gavo expression to his views ro gnrdtng some paitibular1 feature of Sunday school work. The customary votes of thanks brought tho meeting to a close. Coorpajioo State School.— The first of a series of musical uud elocutionary entertain ments to bo given in conneotion with tho nbovo school took place yesterday evening in tho school building, which is situate d on the old Cleveland road, about three miles from town. There was a large attendance, and Mr. N. Lade presided. An attractive programmo was very oreditably carried out, and the audience, judging from their hearty reception of the per formers, wero well satisfied with the evening's amusement. The singing of the school chil dren, who had been trained by Mr. Artby, was a pleasing feature in tho entertniimont. The promoters, whose object is to- raise a fund for additions to the school buildings,. may congra tulate themiolves on the sucoess of their first afiort. New Insolvent. — Wm. Himpton, of Cattle Creek, selector, was this day adjudicated insol vent, on the application of Mr. Macpberson, before His Honour tbe acting. Chief Justice. T.he first meeting was fixed for the 14th instant. Robert Jennings, a confinee in-. Her Majesty's gaol, was also adjudicated-' isolveuton his own .petition. The first, meeting of oreditors was ;appointedfor tbo 15th of May. . Gablion'b Ghost. — Tho first ot a series of entertainments, in which a ghost is to play a pcominent part, will bo given at tha old School of -Arts this evening. SavaBAL parties are now out prospeoting in ths'vicinity of the Veteran raef, trying somo of 'the many gallies in the neighbourhood in search- of alluvial deposits. Ther& is nothing of u norel character as rogards the reef — all are busy, at work sinking, tronching, or tunnelling. Some of the claims are about effecting an amal gamation. Tha new road has considerably shortened the distance to the reef. Mr. Hard ing, .the Government surveyor, traversed the road. on Saturday, and ho is of opinion that it may yet be shortened another couplo of miles. — Gympie liiner. Brain-wom: and Bbaix- woue-r.— Brain work-(BayB an authority) is conducive to health and i longevity, -while bruin-worry oauses dis ease and shortens life. The truth, of tbis statement, and its application to what we see around us, are evident enough ; yet it ia well that such subjects should be continually dis cussed: Intellectual labour, although severe, like that performed by tho judges of our highest courts, and by scholars and persons' devoted to literary pursuits, if unmixed with. excitement and followed with regularity, is seen to pro mote bodily health and long life. On. the other himd^. mental cares, attended with suppressed ouiotions, and occupations which from their nature are subject to great vicissitudes of for tune and constant anxiety, break' down the lives of the strongest. Everyono has seen a class ox. men whose early mental training was deh'ciant,. und to whom the writin{£-of memo randa was irksome, engaged in middle life in great undertakings, and taxing tho memory with a mass of complicated business accounts, simply, because they could more easily remem ber 'than write. Their power of memory for a certain kind of facts is often truly astonishing, but ths-strain is at last too much, and thoy die bofore their time. Ma33ixo Ink Without Uitbate' op Silvek. — One- drachm of anilino black is rubbed up with SO drops of strong hydrochloric acid and 1} oz..of alcohol. The resulting liquid is then to bo diluted -with a hot solution of 1£ drachm of gum. arabic in 6 ozs. of water; This ink does not corrode steol pens, aud ia unaffeoted cither by concentrated mineral obids or by strong; lye. If the aniline black solution is diluted: with a Bolution of 1-J oz. o^sholluo in '6 ozh. of alcohol, instead of with gum water, an ink is obtained which, when applied to wood, brass,, or leather, is- teaarkablo for its black colour. A New Haib Eestobbb.— We (London 3te dieal:£tcord) find in tho JBerl. Kiin. Woth. for Janunry 27 tie following extraordinary ntato menfr:— An old. gentleman had been operated upon for cataract on both eyes by the author. Ha win almost entirely bald. As a thick mem brane had formed on the pupils, ho had pilo cat-pine mur , injected hypodertuically thrice within a fortnight. The treatment proved sucaSBsful, not only for the eyas, but also for tho hair, which suddenly began, to grow ra pidly. A few weeks later, the author had to treat another' .patient with pjlocarpiuo, who alto.had a bald patch. After two or three in jections tho patch -was coveied -with young haira, which: graW rapidly. No further ex periments huve as yet been mado on the subjeat. If, however,' this drug Bhould provd a successful hair restorer, what a boon to. mankind is here flltcovered 5 Cob? of Sxokino ato Dhiiheiko in Ambbioa* —Judging from the statistical Bummatiea con tained in the annual report of the Commis sioner for Federal TaxoR, ths amount Bpent in tho United States on smoking and drinking is enormous. During the fiscal year ended on Juno 30, 1878, notwithstanding the hard times, 1,905,003,000 oigara were oonsumed. The i roport eatimatoB each cigas at, ou an average, 1 10 cents ; so that, the total valuo of the oigara jcousumed in tho year would - be . abpht i $190,500,300 or about £38,101,260. In addi tion thoro were also consumed '£6,ilz,ii3 lbs. of tobacco for smoking, tho value of 'whioh is ; estimated at. #15,000,000 (£3,000,000). But ? the expenditure on tobacco is almost inaignifir cant when compared with the Bums spent on drinks .of various kiads. Thus, 317,4fl5,000 gallons of fermented, liquors were consumed, or over seven gallouu per head .of tho entire, population (estimated at about 4-1,000,000), in cluding women und children. Fermented and spirituous drinks cost tbo peoplo of the United RtntC3, aecovilin;? to- the OBtimato of tho report^ #506,000,000 (£110,208,000), or; $13 25o. (£2 13s.) per head. The figures of tho roport shuw further that during tbe lu-t finuucial yuur tho consumption of, boor had iuoreased, whilo thatiof spirituous liquors had dtolined, 1,000,000 gallons more of the formor and G, 620,000 gullons less of -the latter having been consumed tliau during tho preoading year, a .fact which, 'perhaps, ought to bo considered on advanub on the road of tomperanco. MiouAtiok op Oaups. — InalottortoM.Eaoul Pictat (published in tho Archives d)s Sciences 'Phyxiqiics et Naiu: ttl») M. Bartholoni gives an account of a singular migration of fisheB oh served by him. Ho was stationed nn tho bank of Luke Geneva, near n marsh whii h was gone rally isolated, but which an irruption of tho wiitow of tho Foron, about fivo months before,' had put in communication with tho witters of tho lake. By tho repeated notion of the waaes caused by violent winds, a beaoli again formed rapidly und nlmt off oomrounioation with the marsh. It wus thon that Mr. Bartholoni ob servml the carps leaving tho marsh and seeking tho lake. They took ad van t ago of tho reflux .of the waves, anil oven Bucceadod in moving over tho earth uud crossing tho nowly made boaeh, whioh was'ab.out a motor wide. . 