Government' Gazette. Tuesday. March II. The following appointments appear in to-day's Government Giraffe:— In pursuance of instructions received from the Secretary of gtabe fertile Colonies, Thomas Fitzgerald, Esq., is to .be recoenised as Consular agent for Italy at Sydney ; Arthtir Denis. Eia..II.D..JJniv..£trasbourc.at Government medi cal oilicor and vaccinator for the district of Glen Innes ; Mr. Edward Taenian Ueune, to be clerk in tile land titles braffoh of the ?Heprlst™r-&eneraPs; office, vice Parnell, resigned, to take effect from ihe 1st instant; Mr. John Bhctlin, bailiff of the Warden's -r Court at .Nerrigundab,. is ? transferred and appointed bailiff of the Warden's Court at £urobodalla. £S5 reward is offered for the apprehension and conviction of the person or persons who «et lire to a stack of wheat nt Bottoholar, near Miidiee: and £60 reward is offered for tlie apprehension aud conviction of the person or persons who set fire to the premises of Stephen E. Edwards, ilillfield, near Wollombi. . - ? ...:?? The following tenders have been accepted by the Govern ment, vU.i— J. M. He wen, additions to Court House, Grenfell; \V. Burnett. brldRe Westbrook Oreel, jptd Slagieton to Cooper's Flat; A. M- Ardle, bridge in embankment, . road Eon Mscquarie. to Walcha ; V/. Taylor, punt for Hexham Ferry : Gllligan nnd Oonnors, contracts 1 and 211, rood Albury to Urana; W. Blake i con trart'lir, Hewtown sad Oaok'eBlver road; T. West,, i con tract, 1h, Kentown and Cook's Kiver road: J. Oiimmlnat. contracts 2ntid4ir,rnaln Bbutli road.^H district f Held and Wilson. contract. In, Lane Cove rood, Korth Shore- O. Leek, contract 2u and 3tt , Lane Cove road , Nor( h Shore ; Jovco and J?arker,coutmct^u, Lane.poveroad, KprUi Shore. ?, This is what the Invebeh, Times says of a Shakes pearian revival at Glen Innes:— The Church of England minister, the Kev. W. H. Cooper, enacted Hamlet, but no one 'could emphatically exclaim 'Thin is the Pane that Shalcaspeare drew,' for he mouthed the part with a rich Irish brogue. Mr. Fergnssnn played the ghost, nnd looked like a great eUver-iieu about to attack a brief. 