Aj\l USE .1/ IS .1 S. THE CARANDINI CONCERTS; The scries of high-class musical entertainments announced to be given hy the Oarundini Company wero commenced htst evening nt the I'rolestanl Hull before a music-loving appreciative audience. In Hie first part of the programme \ r. ..... ui \fiuu fur/m/lini ATrllln- jtliUiailiu """" ....... St. CInir, Mr. "NYiiltor Sheru-in, Mr. Vernon Rciil, anrl Mr. H. '"G. ' G'ooeU sang «i selection from Wallace's lienutiful opera " Luriinc," Miss Mch-illc playing tlie pmnotorte accompaniment, uarnieu s som; ' It was a dream " was then charmingly ren dered by Miss Marie Carandini, whose fresh soprano voice lias improved wonderfully during- the past few months. The "Regulation" duet from " La Grande Duchcsse " was well sung by Miss Marie .Carandini and Mr. Walter Shcnviii, aud an unaccompanied quartette. " 'J'lic liluc Bells of Scotland," by Madnmc and Miss Carandini, Mr. Slier ui n, and Mr. Gooch, was one of tlie gems of the concert. Signor Ercote Ortori contributed greatly to the success of the entertainment by playing a solo ou tlie violin, his theme being an arrangement of airs from " LaFille du Regiment." " The Gipsies' Chorus," i'rpmlhe " Bohemian Girl," and the duet, "Comrade, your hand," from tlie same opera, were exceuenny sung, aim muiic. St. CInir had an opportunity of displaying tho full rounded tones of her rich contralto voice in the well- known song, " Rocked in tlie Cradle of the Deep." Miss St. Clair never sang better, and 'was most descryedly recalled. To Miss Clara Melville fell tlie arduous duty of playing tlie accompaniments, which she did with good taste ; and, besides that, she gave a solo. " Les Chants des Naides," an arrangement by Asclicr of a pretty and familiar air from " Luriinc," nnd displayed a great amount of execution in the more difficult passages. Madnmc Carandini, who was welcomed as such an old and deserving favourite ought to lie, sang " Jessie, the Flower o' Dunblane V as 'freshly nnd as charmingly as she could have done any time the last 20 years. Tlie concert, from a musical point of view, was one of the best that has been given in Sydney for months past, consisting as it did of selections from some of tlie most famous masters, rendered with true artistic (inuh, and, judging by tlie applause bestowed iqion tlie performers, thoroughly appre ciated by llie audience. To- niglit the second of tho series will be given, when there will be a change of programme, and those who are fond of good music cannot do better than visit tlie Oaniu- dinis at their now " Home of Kong." At the Theatre Royal last night Mr. and Mrs. AYilliamson appeared again in their popular drama, ' .Struck Oil." The play went very smoothly, and elicited roars of laughter, occasional tears, much sympathy, and unbounded applause, The' enter tainment concluded with the farce, "The CliineSo Question," and this absurdly laughter-evoking composition sent the audience away iu tlie best of good humours. iHr. J. r . Galilean re-appcareu as iiamiec at 1110 Victoria Theatre last night. Tho noble tragedy was performed very smoothly, and Mr. Calhearl's rendition of tlie troubled prince met with much cordial encouragement nnd applause. Tlie other parts were yvoU sustained, and the tragedy was successfully and pluasingly acted. To-night Bulwer's "Lady of Lyons" will be performed, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner assuming the title rule, and Mr. J. F. Gatheart that of Claude Meluotie. At tlie Victoria Theatre on Wednesday night an important benefit performance takes place. 'J'o express their deep admiration for one of the greatest actresses Unit has for along time visited our shores, n number of geiillenien have arranged to gi\\-e a benefit at this theatre lo Miss A. I,. Dargon. Tlie piece chosen for tlie occasion is one in wiiieh the gonitis of Miss Dargon is most ad mirably displayed—" Queen Elizabeth," and tlie cast will be a complete and very superior one. Miss Dargon will, of course, lie the Queen : Mr. Cat heart will ho the Earl of Essex, Mr. Emory Lord Burleigh, and Mr. J. J. Bart lott (who wi i 1 re-appear after an absence of a ycar)will undertake .the important role of Lord Bacon. I u addition to this great attraction, Miss Dargon Yvill recite Rums' well-known pocin, "A man's a man for 'a .that," and Davis's popular and stirring lines, " The Charge of the Irish Brigade." Tlie opportunity will lie embraced of presenting Miss Dargon with a testimonial. Mr. Burlou's circus knows no abatement in popularity. Lust nighL this much-approved "show" was as successful in pleasing her patrons of the establishment as ever. " St. George and the Dragon " is a portion of the programme that never fails to interest and amuse the spectators. There was another alteration in l'rofessor Pep per's already very attractive programme at tlie School of Arts last night. Ho introduced his audience iu tlie astonishing illusion known as " Fisher's Ghost," and thoroughly puzzled tlicm. 'J'lie illusion was beautifully managed, and should become very popular. The wonders of Metem psychosis, and of the microscope, together with tiie charming singing of Miss Lane and tlie contribu tions of Mr. Kiihlcrs useful orchestra, arc still features of great interest ill the Professor's delight ful entertainment. The same programme is an nounced for repetition to-night. "The Governor," and tho dnnocs of tho Maori troupe again constituted an enjoyable programme at the Queen's Theatre last night. Both items were much appreciated, and will bo repeated to night. There was another change in tlie programme at the Guild Hall Inst, night. Tiie now numbers are as interesting, and amusing as any of tlie pre ceding, and last night called forth many indi cations of approval '. from llie audience. The vocalists have all now songs, which tliey sing with excellent spirit and effect, and the comedians keep tliq spectators in roars of laughter continually. The same good cnlertain- nient-YVill he afforded to-night ; and on Thursday, it may lie as well to remind our renders, the daring and clever Vaidis sisters are to have a benefit 