WHAT THE PAPERS SAY. The Argus writes : — It ennnat be said that the debato in the Assembly laat night on the fith clause of the Reform Bill aa amended by the Government was of any great interest so far as the immediate eubject matter was (con- cerned. It was opened by Mr Berry, who moved the adoption of this latest effort of Ministerial genius in a speech that was a mere rehash of former assertions, which have been refuted times without number He pro fessed to regret that it was neces sary to embody aueli a provision irt an act of Parliament, but at the aame time ho appealed to every hon. member to say whether his own experience had not convinced him that the want of such a provision had worked very snriouB mischief to the country. No doubt deadlocks have been attended by vexations de lays in satisfying. the demands of the public creditor, but if .there is any real desire to insist on the bicameral system, snch inconveniences should bo avoided by moderation, not by drastic measures which would virtually destroy one portion of the legislature. It ia useless to contend that this would not be the effect of the proposal submitted by the Government. As Mr Dow pointed out, thejpowor of "tacking, 1' token in connection with the scheme of finality em bodied in the amended Gth clause, would strip the Council of every vestige of power, and effectnally establish a system of govern ment by one House. We feel convinced that the people do not deeire to bco the Assembly thus left without any check upon its proceedings. When they wish to ex periment with a single Chamber, they will not fail to give expression to their views, but until they do so. we may fairly assume that they are content that the /'seoond House should enjoy substantial power, and not be reduced to the level of a sham. / The Age writes : — Mr. Munro's candidature may be eaid to have. been< wholly based upon bis opposition to this (the nominee) clause. This clause being excised out of the Government scheme, he was prepared to support what ro mains of it, namely, the plebiscite. It is true that he objected Jo the proposal to pay money on the vote of tho Assembly alone, hut this is altogether a minor matter as compared with the conversion of the Council from an oleotivo into a nominee Chamber. He 1s returned to tho As sembly, therefore, practically to voto for the Government bill, minusnominooisin;and in this light we are perfeotly satisfied it will ha Mr. Berry's interest to regard tho election of yes terday. It is a formal condemnation of the proposal, and a formal rati fication of the , plebiscite ; and no other construction can bo put upon the event. As wo havo all along main tained, the majority of tho Liberal party do not beliovo in the nominee principle : and we now see, by ovidonco that cannot be gainsaid, that if the -nomlneo prin ciple is retained it ia tho one thing which more than anything olso will break the party in two. Ib itwisothentoretainit? We oan understand that Mr. Berry is reluctant to give it up at the eleventh moment, especially after what he has said about it on the platform But reluctance' of this kind ought not to be en couraged in the face of a Btrong political necessity such as that which presses upon him, and the force of which grows stronger every day. The Daily Telegraph writes : — When Mr Berry told an assemblage composed of par tisau hostile, and apathetic elements, that "he did not see why nine-tenths of tho people should not accept tho important measure of the session," he wns mot by the prompt and per tinent rejoinder, " What measure?" This, to use a familiar expression, was a staggerer; > and it seriously discomposed the speaker, who throat- oned that, if ho were not listened to quietly, he would not go on. He thus evaded the necessity of replying to a peculiarly awk- ward query, l-'or if the Reform Bill be tho important measure of the session, " how can Mr Berry expect nlne- tentlw of tho people to accept it, while tho Liberal party is hopelessly divided on it? It- is notorious that the plebiscite was forcod upon him by an irresponsible outsider, while the Gth clause nnd the proposition for a nominee Upper House aro equally distasteful to another sootion of that party. As to the country, it is in favor of popularising the electoral basis of the Council, and of thus- securing that harmony of opinion whioh would ensure harmony of notion, while, at the .same time, maintaining a check upon tile extrava.' gance or corruption of the Assembly. And when Mr Berry talks about the possibility of the next Assembly being lea moderate than the present one, and of dangera to the peace of Melbourne, it merely proves ins ignorance of the state of public feeling. The coining general election will enlighten him upon that point. The Geelong Advertiser writes : — Politically, between Mr Curtain and the present Govern ment there could be no sympathy. As one of the "forty gnggefs" of the M'Culloch regime it would have been impossible for Mr Curtain t» have supported the present Ministry. To his honor, be it s&td;, he was proof against the strongest efforts of his supporters to induce him to recent his poli tical views in . order that ' his return aaa declared Ministerial supporter might be assured. He permitted it to be understood that he would not, if elected, support the Government Reform Bill, Mr Munro is at issue with the government on one portion of the bill only, nnd, generally, ha desires it to be believed that he has not alienated himself from the large Liberal party with whom the Government is _ indentsfied Hence, be tween two political evils, the Carlton electors could have no choice but to accept the lesEer one. nnd Mr Munro will, therefore, simply resume the place (and position which he occupied in the House hefors his Quixotic abandonment of them. He ia neither stronger nor weaker, in a politi cal sense, by tho unnecessary ordeal he has subjected himself to, and he suffeis, simply, the cost of a contested election, whioh, it may be presumed, is a luxury the hon. gentleman could well afford to indulge in. The Bendigo Advertiser writes Carlton, therefore, |has pronounced decidedlyagainst the reform proposals of the Government, and th ' importance of the election, decisive and un mistakable as) its result has been, cannot I e overlooked by the Ministry and its parasites. One thing must be a matter of regret to Mr Munro, and that is, that he wns not able to be present at the division lost night on the Ministerial amendment of the Gth clause, (Jwhich, as a - matter of fact, was no amendment at all. . Could he have been in the House the voting would have been equal, for the motion of the Chief Secretary was carried by a bare majority of one. Vir tually this iB a defeat of tne Government on . tbie especial point, and it will be impossible for them to regnrd it in any other light. They have now to gird up their loins for the final struggle on the third reading of the bill. Mr Gillies yesterday declared there was not a ghost of a chance of its being carried. He spoke very confidently, but there will of course be a deal of what is called "rallying of the party," In' nrrlor fn nrnrrnnf f-ha 4-nil It is clear, however, that tho tail is at its wits' end sb to what is best to do. The Carlton election has had a visible effect upon it, and the lesson it has taught will scarcely bs forgotten ss soon as to-morrow, when, in reply to the call of the House, there will be a full at tendance in order to decide the fate of the Reform Bill. Meanwhile Ministers, doubtless, will eleep sweetly and dream pleasantly of the immediate future. The M. A. Mail writes t— The growing de terioration in the mode of conducting political contests in this country is aeon in the assiults in Parliament, and the Press on the private character of public men. Even if thase .were well founded they would not affect the poli tical opinions and career of the person re flected on, and would therefore be irreluvent. But wheD, as in many instances, there is little if r.py_ foundation for the most damag ing insinuations and allegations they de serve the condemnation of every honor able mind Both the conductors of the public journals, and the members of the legislature should combine in denouncing snch abuses of the pen and tonguo,or it is impossible to foresee the ultimate consequences. Tho Ballarat Courier writes : — It is the uncomprising determination shown by Mr. Berry and his colleagues to reform the con. eitution that has brought forth the Sladen bill and caused certain politicians and journals to reincarnate the Norwegian schema because it needs no seer to discover that but for the vigor Bhown by the present Government on this reform question, the colony would never havo heard of either. But, as matters stand, they aro'only red-herrings drawn across the trail. Neither the Assembly nor the people will accept the Sladen bill alone. Not is there a party, ei her in the House or the country, sufficiently strong to ca try the Norwegian Bcheme, unless — which is not likely, now they have threshed out a bill of their own — Mr Berry, and his colleagues Bhould adopt it. Thoj Conservative party know all this, and know also that the Council has set its face against the Norwegian echeme almost decidedly ; and hence we say that tho lowering of the franchise, &c.;, in the one case, and the trotting out ol the Norwegian scheme in the other, are merely devices to mystify the question whioh the Government are endeavoring to deal with, nnd to win voteB and support away from Mr Berry. We do not profess to know how all tbeso difficulties and complications are going to end. We only desire just now to show our readers that when Mr Berry and his colleagues framed the present Reform Bill, they had no other course to pursue to reach the desired goal ; and a careful reading of the above facts will show thia very clearly ; and this is the reason why we have put these remarks together at this juncture. One thing, however, seems to us to be clear enough, and that is, if the electors do not pin their faith to the present Government over this matter, there will be no Reform got at all. Outside of the' party headed by the present Government, there is little else than the most hopelesB confusion as to how the Council should be reformed ; and this does not mean settlement, but chaos. The only sure plan, then, to get what is desired is to stand firmly by the present Ministry ; and this is the course which, in view of past experiences and future eventualities, should be adopted by the great body of the elec- ors. Otherwise there is no chance of doing any good now, and still less hops of a pro mising future. The Ballarat Star writes : — As to what Mc Berry said at Maryborough, it really requires little notice from us, for it was the same old, dreary story whioh he has told for so many years. He is the Ancient Mariner of the re- lorm question. Ho tells the same tale over and over again to weary listeners, who have heard his profuse protests and promisos so many timoB, and whose heads will grow grey, and whom children will beoome men, Tieforo any of his prophecies are fulfilled. Mr llerry is like the familiar London Btreet con juror, who is over crying out "another tup pence und up goes the donkey." He told his lioureru that now, after more than three years of "glorious victories," lie found the difficulties In the way of reform greater than ever, and yot he went on to say that only another struggle iof precisely, similar character to tho past was required to make success absolutely certain. We can fancy his hearers crying out with Mrs Quickly at Ealstaff, "O tho fathom how ho holds his countenance I" and ' O rare 1 he doth it as like ono of these harlotry players as ever I see." But nobody expects ' now that the donkey will go up, and wo are afraid that the" tuppenceB" will oome in very slowly. As to what ho told his hearers about the promises obtained from the Imperial Government, there is only one emphatic word which san be applied correotly, ana that word the mind of every reader will at ouqq supply- rafliat can bo Ma estimate of the intelligence of bis hearers and the readers of his speoclies it j« not difficult to disoover, seeing that in the face of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's despatch lis jjolared that the Imperial authorities had .'dren a piomisoto legalise any -chama passed jjy one section of the peoplo. He did not use Ihesevorv words, but he said this much in . effect, and we suppose said it with all that sham oaruestnef s which is the characteristic of the man. But the whole thing is very much like a conjuring trick of which we have mas tered the secret, and we wonder how we ever couldi have been amused or puzzled by such a .self-evident swindle. Tho Berry donkey i3 jiol going up by any means. The licndi'io Independent The plebiscite is .the most popular proposal contained in the ministerial Reform Bill. It is simple, it is direct; there is no roundabout course to go before the bent of publio opinion can bo do- iinitoiy ganged — gauged to A fraction. That is, the plebiscite will tell us exactly whether or not a _ measure is approved of by one- ifialf, a third, or a fourth of the people of the country; or further than that, it will reeord the opinion of three just as well as three hun dred thousand electors. Indeed, we have no , diffidence in sayihg that were the plobiecite to ibe extracted from thebill, tho publio at large would thereafter feel but little interest in tho question of reform, as propounded in tlie present bill. It is this drawing in of the peoplo to set as their own umpires in disputes between legislators, »bnt has oansed the proposal to be rogsrdod everywhere in so favorable a light. The taking of a plebiscite in its results, would incur opinion, be far more thorough than ja dissolution of the Assembly, or of tho two Hon es simultaneously, if such were pos. . slble. 