BARNABY PASS. ITS name was originally a good Soripture Barnabas, but bad degenerated into Barnaby ; its location was among the high mountains of one of the Southern States ; its characteristics were darkness and wildness. It had a brook flowing along its narrow length, and the oliffe on each side were high and straight; you could ascend them by searching for foot-holds and drawing yourself up by the trees, but you could not run up, or indeed climb up, with the least grace, for it was a matter of time, and you must go, as it were, although erect, on all fours, using both hands and feet. Below, there was just room enough for the brook and the roadway, with hardly a yard to spare ; the cliffs rose like walls, shadowed with leaning trees, and made the day dark eren at the noontide. How the brook ever caught any sunshine down there in that deep green trench was a mystery; but it did. Josepha had seen it catching and reflecting beams much more gayly than the river that ran through the broad open meadow outside. Once she said to her mother that she thought it was like a woman who could love but once, whereas the river in the meadow was like a lair, lovely heart that is sweet to every body, the sunshine, the winds, the bees, and tho clover scents, and to all alike. " Nobody loves any body of course, but their husbands," replied Mrs, Kay. "I can- not imagine where you get your fancies." "Nor I, mother," said Josepha. But Mrs. Kay was not Josepha's mother, only her step-mother; afair- hairedlittle woman whom Joseph Kay had married, with that sort of unconscious fatuity which comes, as a kind of equalization perhaps, after middle life to Blmost all much-admired men ; believing that all women are pining for them, they fall an easy prey to the first infantile-faced person who nos no object in securing them. Josepha's own mother had died when her little daughter was but two months old, and the girl had spent her life with on aunt, and at the boarding-schools of an austere kind, until, at her father's Budden death, she was called home to Hope Cottage to take care of the still fair-haired but faded little step-mother. It bad been no home to her ; but it was a {netty place, and she looked around the uxurions rooms and the rose garden with slow surprise. She had not realized that life could be made so pleasant, for her aunt was an iron nerved woman, and in her house lamps were not shaded fer the eyes, nor chairs fitted to the baok, nor rooms made beautiful for mere beauty's sake. But for the mind there bad always been every aliment. Thus Josepha had become what she was-a quiet girl with a large store of book- knowledge, and a large ignorance of all that constituted her step- mother's ideas of living and of life. "It is not . that she is disagreeable at au," said Mrs. Kay, I sitting up in her heavy crape to receive a visit j from Mrs. Verdyne, her rich neighbour, "but so differentf BO unsympathetic ; and L, as you know, with my extreme sensitiveness 1 It is , very hard." Mrs. Verdyne thought it was, and made one or two beautiful remarks. She then took her | departure, having fulfilled all the duties of i the occasion : let it be understood that Mrs. i Verdyne always fulfilled all her duties to a T. The whole of the widow's visiting; list, ; very well-bred people all of them, fulfilled their duties likewise ; they wrote notes of condolence, to which Josepha was obliged to reply, copying from her step-mother's dictation. , ¡ "Ido notase the necessity for thu," she said one day, suddenly pausing over the fortieth sheet. . "Ah 1 life is not all necessity, child," sighed \ the widow from her sola. i But it turned out that there was a good deal of necessity in it, after all, for Joseph ! Kay's affairs were found to be involved, and his j widow was left with less than nothing. This last phrase was repeated more than once by the lawyers engaged, and by those lookers-on j who always gather unctuously around a broken ; fortune like birds around a wreck. . Í "I do not know what you mean by less than nothing," said Josepha at last. " She has me, and I am something, I hope." j " We hope so too," said the lawyers. " But i young ladies nowadays-" "I have found out since I have been here," said the girl, bluntly, " that I do not belong to 'nowadays' at all. Mother herself has told me so. It is just as well, as things have happened. Fay the debts, and give us what you can, Mr. Brown. I shall take mother away." " What are you going to do, Miss Kay ?" "Teach, of course. That is the only thing I can do." And so it happened that os friends fell away from the wreck, as they always do, Josepha set out alone in her little row-boat, with her step-mother in the stern, on the long voyage of life. The austere aunt gave them a little, but she herself was not rich, and so fixed in her ways, besides, that it would have cost her great pain to diminish her various contribu- tions to the missionary societies and educational instutions in which she had long ' been interested. Josepha and her mother drifted from one place to another, poor and poorer as time wore on, until at last the girl was glad to obtain this position of mistress ia a school among the Southern mountains, in one of those Bettled regions in the midst of wildness which thc traveller comes upon with surprise. These little neighbourhoods arc fringings around springs whose waters have attracted visitors for generations. Two years had passed since her father's death, and Josepha had seen something of the dark Bide of life ; but she had a calm, prosaic courage and a thorough way of working bard which did not leave much time for borrowing trouble -an amusement belonging generally to doleful idleness. They started on their journey, and in due time arni red at a small village, a half- way station between the Springs and the railroad, where the stage stopped, and where there was a mountain inn. Here Mrs. Kay, grown resigned to her faith, but quick as a cat to take the advantage of whatever of pleasure appeared, wished to remain. "We could not see the stage go by every day, and perhaps sometimes the passengers would take tea here," she said, hopefully. " I am sorry, mother, but we can not do that ; it is too far from the school. I must try to find a little home for us that will be nearer." " Of course, since / wish it, we can not do it ; it is always so," said Mrs. Kay, dissolv- ing not into tears exactly, but into a certain dampness of tone and visage. "And I think I could stand it better, Josepha, if you j would not persist in calling me ' mother' in that business-like way. If I had a daughter of my own, I am sure she would have called me 'mamma.'" " I think it very probable ; but as I have been brought up differently, won't you try to overlook my deficiencies, mother ? I know they are many." " I know they are also. Why conceal it !" said Mrs. Kay. " But I do my best with you, and the spirit of my sainted Joseph can view j us with BatiBfaction, I am snre, in every re- spect save our worldly surroundings, which, however, are trash to the Bpirits, I suppose," ahe added, with a sigh. " I hope father's spirit has something better to do," said the girl. " You cold-hearted creature, talking on such a subject in that unmoved way 1 What would you have your father engaged in up there, Bhould like to know Î But I positively belier you would like to have bim saw - WOOÍ Íirovirled there was any, and a necessity fe uel; and he as delioate a hande manas ever lived 1 I must say I cac nc understand you. Josepha." " Oh, well, there ia not much to understand, answered the girl, with a weary little laugt ! She was very contemptuous toward herself < times, for she thought she ought long befor this to have accomplished something in th world, whereas all she had done so far amount« merely to keeping the wolf a few steps froi the door. Mrs. Kay's crape was all worn out now her weeds were made of barege. She neve failed to be distressed about this every tim she left the house, lest she should meet Bom of her old visiting list, who must have bee! endowed with extraordinary powers of movin about to have been in all thc places where sh looked for them. Josepha had begun b; explaining that they could not possibly b here nor there ; but, after a while, she hat perceived that even the distress was pleasan to her step-mother, os a relief from tbi monotony of the lifo ehe led, an excitinj possibility lurking around every corner one coming out of overy house door. Everj carriage might contain, every person approach- ing might oe-who knows!-somebody eh« had known. A thousand times had sh< rehearsed in her mind her opening sentences, with the sighs already at the proper places, and she took great comfort in this exercise! and was affected even to tears by the little scenes she conjured np, apropos of a back like somebody's, or a Roman nose that had associations. They found a little brown house and settled themselves in it with their few belongings j it stood at the edge of Barnaby Pass. The Behool was on the opposite Bide of the small valley, half a mile away ; and four times a day the young mistress took the straight walk between the corn fields and over the bridge, following a little path bordered with Michael- mas daisies that ran alongside of the dusty road. But nothing passed save the winds and the bees, and, to-night, the cows, walking solemnly and far apart, each in her own golden cloud, and thinking, no doubt, that all the world was dust. Mrs. Kay arranged the house ; then she re-arranged it. Then she began anew, and she arranged it all over again. It grew to be quite a common thing for the daughter, coming home, to see all the chairs and tables out on the piazza. "I am glad you are interested," she said. " Interested !" said Mrs. Kay, throwing np her hands-" interested I But that only shows how little yon know me. I try, is roy poor way, to have the house in somo kind oi order, so as to be ready in case any one should I come, and you talk about interested ! But I i know my duty. I have very little to work with, it is true ; yet I flatter myself that my taste at least is unimpeachable." I Josepha went on eating her bread in silence. ' She liad not the tact or thoughtfulness to say pleasant things, and, not thinking that calico I ruffles improved the wash- stand, or that the i veiled barrels were successful toilet-tables, ! she would not say BO. Her step-mother, I however,' set this down to ignorance, and ' went on with a certain kind of happiness in her preparations for wildly impossible ! contingencies, as she had done steadily, with whatever materials she hod at hand, ever since they left Hope Cottage, j They had come in the late winter ; it was I now spring. Josepha taught almost contin- uously, not only in school hours, but out ; for she had evening scholars at home, and on Saturdays a dozen lessons. The only time ! she kept for herself was from five in the j afternoon until dark, and Sundays, when she i had all the day. In the afternoon she walked, j After a time, tired of the meadow, she I wandered into the Pass. It was in April ; she never forgot the day. Kot that anything happened ; at least only so small a matter as ' an awakening on her part to what had been ; in the world always from the beginning, : although ehe had not had eyes to see it. As some day, after months spent over grammars \ and dictionaries with apparently little ¡ progress, a language will all at once burst i upon the student, and suddenly he knows it all, BO now, as suddenly, this girl was taken all at once into the order of Nature- lovers, leaving forever the great majority who have eyeB and see not, ears and bear not, and hearts iDto which it has never entered even to conceive the beauty of God's earth. There had been a shower the night before, and the cool POBB had kept the moisture ; thc earth of the road- way was elastic and dark, and exhaled a peculiar freshness, thc aroma of the contented soil. The low bushes along the brook were covered with a light green lace-work of small buds, some opening into little leaves, others curled, others still but fuzzy down ; on the cliff-side were clustered the ferns in troops, in regiments, all kinds, from the delicate Venus-hair to the bold evergreen with spear pointed tips, which took care of her. Then began the trees, growing in ranks one above the other, and Josepha, walking along and looking up, saw their green tops swelling out, row after row, until the kurt brushed the sky. Thc strip of blue at the top was narrow. The girl could sec it for some distance, as the Pass was almost straight for nearly a mile. Indeed, with all its length and windings, one came out of it at last almost directly opposite this entrance, eight miles back as the bird flics. The brook flowed along with the rushing sound one hears in dreams when bound by fever in n hot city. It seemed to laugh, and the sunset tight came down to it as magically as Sinbad flew down into the valley of diamonds. Birds were singing their spring songs here and there, each, no doubt, with a demure little auditor near, and unmindful of the rest of the .Pass, which, nevertheless, listened. It was a wonderful bird auditorium, for there was no hum, no whir and shrill insect chanting, as as in thc meadow outside, the little loud voiced, sun loving creatures rarely venturing into thc shadows of the Pass. There was no jar of passing wheels, no lowing of cows, only the low rush of the brook, like au organ accompaniment. One bird on a near bough trilled forth such a rapturous shower of notes that Josepha, listening, Baid to herself, "I have never heard a bird sing before." With her senses filled with new delights, the leaf-bud tracery before her eyes, thc touch of the woolly fern crosiers on her hands, the fresh odors of the brown ground inhaled with her breath, and the bird Bongs and rush of the brook in her ears, at laBt she tumcd homeward. " To day is an era in our life here, mother," she said, as she took her seat at the tea table. "Thc Etage has then begun to come this way!'' said MrB. Kay, putting down her cup excitedly. " No ; I believe not," "What, then, you disappointing girl !" "I have made the acquaintance of-" " Some one staying at theSprings!" " No mother : of Nature." Mi's. Kay threw herself back in her chair and tapped her foot on the floor impatiently. "I shall never become used to your ways, Josepha," she said. "Yon do try me dread- fully sometimes. Talking of Nature, as though you had really met some one of importance ! Have the goodness to explain what you mean by ' au era in our life.' " 111 mean that the acquaintance is to be for both of us, mother. If I can not persuade you to go with me into the Pass, then I shall bring its influence out for you." " And what may this influence be ?" asked Mrs. Kay, resignedly. " A kinder spirit, mother, and more efforts to make you happy." " I do not see what the Pass has to do with that. Josepha ; and as to efforts, they are not in your line at all. You can go steadily on in your monotonous way, doing the same thing day after day ; but as to efforts, real true efforts, I am thc person who makes them in this family. Efforts require nerve, inspira- tion. Look at that divan !" The divan was a dry-goods box covered with chintz. In spite of nay, it had a most tin-Orientally hard appearance, and being without back, engendered discomfort and whitewash for thc unweary occupant. Josepha looked at it, and decided that she could never be a Turk ; but the new influence of the Pass made her say, after a moment, that thc chintz was pretty, whereat the person of efforts condescended to be pleased. The chintz was pretty : Mrs. Kay had understood colours in lier day. It was this singular mixture of things which Bhe did and did not understand that made her mind like an old curiosity shop, where, amid much rubbish, occasionally something of value is found. After that day Josepha went into the Pass every afternoon. She learned to feel that delicate yet deep enjoyment which Nature gives to those who love her, something which can hardly be described or expressed, but whose intensity is nearer the soul than the influence of any poem or philosohy ever written on the book's page. It is true that there are many persons, otherwise exquisitely endowed, who can not appreciate this enjoy- ment, as there are persons also who can not appreciate music. But this taciturn girl was of a different nature, and she had at last come to her own. Her favourite seat was on a high crag where the sunlight fell on her head ; there she sat and took in all the perfume and uncurling of the spring, and listened to the growing. One day in July the stage did come through the Pass; Josepha, on her crag, heard it rattling by below, and was angered. She did not want the world there. However, the world did not come. Day after day Mrs. Kay, who had watched carefully from her little piazza, reported, "not a passenger;" I day after day her small tableau of herself, her work-basket, and her white cat remained unnoticed save by a small driver in a large flapping hat, who did not seem at all impressed by it. "I can understand it," she said. "I thought a great many persons visited these Springs ; I am Bure I have heard of them all my life. Not as one hears of Saratoga, of course, but still as something quite fashionable in its way, like camping out in the Adiron- dacks, or going to those queer little places at the mouth of the St. Lawrence." , After a while Josepha herself met the ; stage, and, in spite of her jealousy, -could not : bear anger long against the intruder, it was such a forlorn old vehicle. It had no curtains over its windows, no shining georgeous paint; its wheels were dingy, its springs incrusten with ancient mud ; the rack behind looked as though it had never held a trunk, so shriveled and lean were its ancient leather ' coverings. Four thin horses drew this old ghost, and their countenances showed that although, according to law, they were having an easy time, they knew better ; the merry voices of nine inside and six on top would have cheered them, and they were ashamed, in a horsely way, of the dingy vehicle behind them, and the fact that there were never any passengers save mail-bags. They had known better days. The driver had stopped to water his team. Josepha, coming down from her crag, paused on a ledge above him, and bowed slightly, according to the ouBrom of the country, where all pasBers-by i salute each other. He nodded in return, and climbed down on to the wheel; under his flapping hat she saw his small brown face aud lantern jaws. " What stage is this ?" she asked. "The Greenoway express, mum." " But it does not go so far as Greenoway, ¡ does it ?" i "No, mum-it don't." " You have not many passengers," she observed, when the little man had refilled his pail and the second horse was drinking. " No, mum-we haven't." ¡ " Why do you run, then ?" " To carry the mails and please old Serannel Swan." " Who is old Serannel Swan ?" " A skinflint, I reckon." "Do skinflints run stages here for pleasure ?" " No, mum ; but they do for spite when they've got the contract and make money out of it," said the driver, going off for another pailful. " Why have you taken lately to coming through the Pass?" continued Josepha, watching the third horse take his tum and drink a little with dejection. " Bridge down the other way." " When it is repaired, I suppose you will go that way again ?" I "No ; reckon not. The Tunkers' meeting begins before long, you see." " Where ?" " In the Pass here." " Hm r " No ; three miles up." " Who conies to this meeting ?" "Tunkers." " What are Tunkers ?" " Sorter Dutch Shakers." " What do they do ?" " Well, they pray some ; and they eat." "Oh, a camp-meeting. " -Vo, mum, uegging your pardon," said the driver, emphatically, standing on tiptoe to check up his horses' heads, which seemed, however, no higher of the operation than before. "Camp-meetings belong to my own Church, if you please, wTiich is the Methodis', and hez nothing in common with Tunkers." He then climbed up to his seat and untwisted the reins. "I bid you good-day, mum," he said ; and the old stage started off with a groaning and rattling of every joint. That evening, wheu Christian Converse came for his lesson, Mrs. Kay asked if the stage that passed every afternoon was the stage to the Springs. " You do not think that old trap was the Crystal stage, did you, ma'am ?" said Chris- tian, who, with red hair, bare feet, and a spelling-book, was yet desperately in love, in a bashful, awkward way, with the school- mistress. " That air's the old express that carries the mail through the mountains west of here. The Crystal coach goes the other way to the Springs, and a stunner she is, too." "Then it never comes by here?" " No, ma'am ; all the Springs' coaches go by on tile same side of the river. " " Now, Converse, begin your lesson," said Josepha. She called the large boys by their last names, and had thereby won, though all unconsciously, their deepest affections. " We must certainly move over across the river, Josepha," said Mrs. Kay. Every afternoon now in the Pass the school- mistress saw the old stage, or heard it rattling by below over the rocky road, while she sat on her high crag. She did not come down again to talk to the driver, but she fell into the habit of waiting for it to go by before she started homeward, using it as a forest clock. After a week or so the camping people began to appear, coming over the bridge and up the road between the corn fields toward the Pass in wagons, in eld gigs, and on horssback plain sober folk, upon whose faces reigned a Bubdued excitement ; for this assembling of themselves together in the greenwood to bold converse and to rouse religious fervor was the one festival of their lives. They were not "funkers," as the driver had called them, but a kindred sect of German origin, Separatists from the Lutheran creed. All the year round they toiled on their small farms, men, women, and children, like patient beastB of burden, with hardly a thought above the ground they tilled, and the principles of their faith might have been summoned up in the words industry and economy. Their religion was sober enough during eleven months of toil ; but in the midsummer came their time for rejoicing, and this year the Pass I had been selected as their gathering place.- I Harper's Monthly. I (Concluded in our next. ) I 