THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) VliOOllKSMOS, OUil III U UTS, A.\D UUE. SESOUIlCSdL, THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AND SCHOOL OF MINES. It can ht no satisfaction to the public, at least we think not, to find two important institutions at variance over matters quite capable of amicable settlement, Wc allude to the differences which have arisen between the managements of the Mechanics' Institute and the School of Minos. If we may venture to oiler advicu to the shrewd gentle men composing the two committees, who, we confidently believe, are most honestly and earnestly desirous of discharging their duties eijicieutly, we would recommend an early ;uljiistii>e!ifc of tlie aHuLvrf in dispute between, them. At i J.ie same time, we would desire to express .^ar conviction that the rekiions subsisting between these two histifcutions render it a duty they owe one another to kelp and sus tain caeh other, rather than to falj out, in higgling over questions of great import-1 ancc to ono or the other, or both, as regards their advancement and prosperity. Any danger of a severance through jealousies and animosities persevered in should be guarded against, in view of the injury Unit may possibly accrue. Tlie public cannot afl'ord to have the usefulness of either of tlioiu impairoclj ami neither their power for good nor popularity will lie increased by bioki-ringi which may tend to permanent estrangement. Ill feeling grows apace when once it has been engendered, ami it would be well always to stamp it out at the beginning. Now, as -our readers are aware, the Mechanics' Institute has ofl'ered the School of Minus a lease for 100 years of the rooms occupied by the latter, including the labora tory on the payment of the sum of .£000. it is not for us lo determine how far this was a fair and advantageous oiler. It was duly considered by tlie committee of the School of Minos, by whom it was decided th;it ,£-J-O0 was enough to give for tile lease, and a reply to that effect was returned to the committee of the Mechanics' Institute. But lliey wished it inserted in tho terms of the agreement that their lease should include whatever ground was necessary to extend the operations of the School. When this answer came to be considered b}7 the committee of the Institute on Tuesday evening last it was re garded as a cause of oftence by some of the members. A motion to the etl'cct that no further negotiations be entered into found supporters, by whom it was argued that al together too favorable an oiler li:ul been made to the School of Mines, and if it got a lease for five or ton years its turn would be very well served. It was stated that the improvements to the portion of the bnihling occupied by the School had eost XI,000, and the contention iras, therefore, that it was absurd that 110 more than XiOO should be oll'erod for them. One speaker afiirmed that a rental of £2 a week would be a fair thing, and yet, if the School had accepted the oiler of a hundred years' lease for X000, the weekly rent would only have been 2s. Gd. On the, other, hand, it was argued that the School: of Mines should be regarded as part and parcel of the' Mechanics' Institute and that it deserved encouragement as an educating medium. The School, it was urged, '• had already spent between £1,300 and -£1,400, exclusive of the £400 which liad been offered, and it had obtained no increase of accommodation by the improve ments "that hud been made in the building. The President said, although that was true, neither had the Mechanics' Institute ob tained an accession of accommodation. He further observed that the calculation was wrongly \ based, on i which it had beon en deavored to be shoivu-that the School would only have been paying 2s. Gd. a week rental had it accopted the oiler of the Institute. !. The result was that a motion was carried refusing the odor of the School and with drawing the oiler made by the Institute, affirming also, that subject to the decision of the subscribers a lease for 5 or 10 years, renewable so long as tile School remains under its present constitution and govern meut, be granted for a sum of .£000." To us it seems a matter for regret that the com mittee of the Institute should have arrived at this decision. It may be their duty to ob tain as much money as they call from tile School, and to make with it the best possible terms. The President, however, with Mr. Robert Clark and Mr. Ross, who were ill the minority, thought they ought to ad here to their offer of a hundred years' lease. Six hundred pounds may not be too much ■to give for it, and it is not surprising that some annoyance was felt and expressed at its having been cut down by £200 by the School, whilst making a further demand of ground, which may be required hereafter for extended accommodation. But the reply need scarcely have given the dive offence it appears to have done, for it is the manner of business men to endeavor to improve a bargain as much as possible, and if they .vill do this in the conduct of their private affairs, it is surely their duty to act in the same way in their management of public business. It is therefore a pity that their offer was not considered in a patient and forbearing spirit. The proper and righteous way of dealing with it, one would have thought, would have been to let them know that the committee of the Institute could not think of abating its terms, and to request the com mittee of the School to take time seriously to ro-cousidor the matter. It was suggested by Mr. Clark that it v/ould bo botter to take the .£400 ollered in cash than .£000 paid in instalments. Well, that was worth thinking about, perhaps; but if the School can only aflord to pay £-100 down, why not pay the balance by instalments ! Would this not, satisfy the committee of the Institute? We hope, at any rate, that some arrangement of the sort will be made, and that the original oiler of the Institute will yet be left open for tho acceptance of the School. The sooner the committees of the two institutions shako hands over this dispute tho better. Suiti.emest.—A supplement is published with this morning's issue. 1ai;ticui.atuin <>!•• Stukkis.—Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—Mr. 1{. Clark, M.L.A., waited upon the lnm, the Minister of Mines on Thursday, fur the purin^o of presenting peti tions from the inhabitants oi' M'Cr.10, Moran, and Buckley streets and l.{au'a Hill, praying that, the water might be laid on in those, localities, Thu Minister, in reply to Mr. Clark's remarks in support of the petitions, fully admitted the desirability of complying with tlu: request, but regretted that owing t_> want of funds, he would be unable to carry out the necessary works until he had obtained a fresh vo .e of money for such purposes. City Cuirxcn..—The linance committee met on Thursday, but the business transacted was not important. There were present the Mayor, Or. iJtfcfry ,{in the, chair), ami Crs. Holmes, Bayne, Iteu 1[ayes and Aspinall. A letter was received from tlie leister j/air Committee, asking tho .Mayor to upon the Fair on Kastur Monday, in ease of Uiu Ciovonior not being able to perform the ceremony. it was decided to grantthe request, :uul asiinilar determination was arrived at in connection with another communi cation from the same committee requesting the Cumicil to taku part in the procession. The usual linauce report was submitted, tisul same accounts having been passed, tho meeting terminated. Selectors' Rents.—Mr. Clark (on Thurs day) presented to the lion, the Minister of Lands a, petition from a number of selectors in tiie district nf Maudurang, praying that the payment, of their rents might be held over for tho present, in consequence of the total failure of the erop3 through drought and other causes over which they had no control, .Mr. Long more (our Melbourne correspondent informs us) in reply said that the application should be carefully considered, together with several others of a similar character. RlFLB Matches.—Yesterday "afternoon a very interesting rille match took place at the Back Creek Butts, being a trial of skill between the "old" and "young shots" of our local corps. The distances fired at were -100, 500, and GOO yards, thp competitors being limited to eight men aside, as tjiis was the total number tnat could be mustered by the ;/eter;ms. Tiio match was very close and exciting, resulting in a victory for the "youngsters" by a majority of t\velvo points. The total scores were veterans 51li points, young shots 55S; J. Fly and Doble with 79 and 7li respectively being the highest scores for the former, while Smith with S2 aud Maybin with SI points occupied the same posi tions for the latter. During the afternoon a large number of spectators, including several ladi.e.3, visited the rille range, and viewed with interest the efforts of our marksmen as they each in turn tried their skill at the long distance targets. Un Moiu'.ay Hie triangular challenge match between the Bendigo HiUes, Engineer Corps, and St. Kilda Artillery takes place, liring to nuiiiijience at nine a.m. Tlie fullouing niernncr.s have been ^'oiupted to represent the Bendigo Corps upon that oceasi««;—rS-.Tgeantg J. and C. l''iy, Corporal O'Brien, Privates Davidson, Hope, Hail, Smith, Dahl, Birt wijtle. Dodgson, Doble, and Maybin, Emer gency—Sergeant Dyasun and Private Brown. Robbery.—The following notification appears in the last issue of the JJol!ct Oir.eUc, Stolen from Moore's stable, Guldeu-squaro Sandhurst, during the night of the 29th ultimo, a child's saddle, iialf-'.vorn; a boy's ditto, nearly paw, a buggy whip, .colo.red v.-hidebone handle, light-colored lash.—0.1'jiS'. 6th ^.pril, }§79. 'New Ijwoj.vi'.aT,—William Henry VyiUou, of Bridgeu ater, 011 Lnddois, publican.. Liabilities, £120 5s. Sd.; assets, £95; defieieuey, £25 os. $d. Causes : Losses in business. Attorney, J. \V. Rymer; assignee, Mr. John Hasher. Meeting under see. 53, on Wednesday, the 2:ird instant, at li.oO a.m. Eight Hours Association*.—A meeting of the committee of the above association was ludd in the Iiatli I Intel on ThunaUy evening. I'll,- chair .was occupied by Mr. <>. Orawfurd, and (here was a goo. 1 aUrn It was resolved to r.aku part in the procession to the KariLor Fair un Monday next. It was also decided that a deputation from the association irhould be sent to Harkuuss's foundry to ascertain whether the men there employed have worked more than eight hours daily. This decision was arrived at on account of informa tion having been received that the men were engaged nine and ten hours per day on account of a larcii nrmh\n»h in nroj'ivsa. This violation of the rules of the assoeiaiion was not ileum-*)! fair to other c>n{.raetor.-;. The meeting then adjournal to Wednesday' evening next at eight o'clock. Kuund ))uo\v.\i:d.—The body of a man, much decomposed and past all recognition, was found floating in the Campadpe, near Echtiea, on Thursday, by two liahenneu. On iir.st observing it they thought the object wad a loij, but oil closer examination it turned out a human foody. The body was recovered and removed to the Police Camp at Eehuca. On Dr. (Jroker examining it ho found it to be the body of a man between 50 and GO years of age. There were 110 external marks of violence, and it had appa rently been in the water for live or six weeks. The doctor believed the cause of deatli to be asphyxia from drowning. The above facts were elicited i\t an inquest; held yesterday' by Mr. Strickland at Kchuca, and a verdict was re turned thac the deceased, whose name was unknown, had been found drowned. Action you Damages.—We are informed that a Supreme Court writ has been issued by Mrs. Collins, of the Cumberland Hotel, against Mr. \Y\ Hntce, seeking .C:"tOi) damages. Tito precise grounds on which tins action in based have not transpired, but the case lias doubtless arisen out of tile recent litigation between the partie-. Hi-kg la u v.—Throe men, who gave their names as Charles Colton, James Pounds, and Thomas Smiler respectively, were arrested yes terday by Senior-consi.ablo Gieesou and Con stable Lawrence oil a charge of burglary. It appears that on tliu Stli April the simp ol Caro line Charlotte French, of Malmsbury, was broken into by the men, ami wearing apparel, etc., valued at £25 stolen therefrom. Some of the stolen property was found upon the prisoners. Two women named Eaves and Junes were also arrested by the sa:ne oliicials, charged with having received some of the property, knowing the same to have been stolen. The Loukitp.— Messrs. Amlersonand Kd wards, Ja.i\, attended at the Lookup yesterday, but their services were not required, as there was a blank sheet. Accident.—A simple but severe accident happened to a young man named James Morris, IS years of age, residing at tho Sheepwash, 011 Thursday. He was skinning a sheep which had been slaughtered, when the knife he was using accidentally slipped and stabbed him in the thigh. Tho sufferer was removed to the Hos pital, where his injuries were attended to. The Echuca and Wakascia Shires.—Our Rochester correspondent writes An inquiry was held in the Rochest er Police Court to-day (Thursday) at two p.m.. before Mr. A. Wyatt, P.M., with reference to the proposed annexation of a portion of the Waranga Shire to TColmca. The Waranga Shire was represented by Mr. ilolden (barrister), Mr. D. Healy (shire seere tury), and the borough rate collectors and engi neers ; the Echuea Shire by Mr. Pemberton (shire riecretary) ; and tile petitioners by Mr. \V. T. Webb (President o: Kchuca Shire). The Police Magistrate opened the proceedings by reading the commission and several documents referring to the petition. Mr, Pemberton then stated the proposal was at lirst abandoned by the Kchuca Shire because the list of rate payers supplied by the Waranga Council was utterly valueless as a test of the genuineness of the petition or otherwise, and that the time and expense which an inquiry into and a rectifi cation of the list ill the lirst instance, and a petition afterwards, would involve, was more than they could undertake, aiul they come quentiy elected to begin de. novo with a new petition, which would remove the ueeessity of an inquiry at all. The President had written on the 20th March to the Minister (Mr. Patter son) requesting that the inquiry might be with drawn, but as the Minister had not intimated the conuter petitioners to that effect he now formally withdrew the document. Mr. Webb then stated that he endorsed the statements of Mr. Pemberton, and pointed out iu answer to tin*. Police Magistrate that he was not aware that it was the duty of petitioners to send a formal notice of withdrawal to the counter petitioners, .that it was not a want or courtesy on their part. Mr. Hoideu requested the Police -Magistrate to note the expouso the Waranga Shire had been put to in their officers travelling oO miles, and he (Mr. Holden) had come from Melbourne. Mr. "YVyatt stated that he would not give costs, though he had the power, but would noto them, lie then declared tho in quiry closed. Several ratepayers attended the inquiry. St. Peter's Cnor.cn (Eagleiiawk) Akt Union.—Thu drawing, of this art uniou came oil" in the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, 011 Thursday evening last, and, all things being considered, passed ofif very satisfactorily. Thu comitiug-in of the ballot numbers was moat carefully super intended by Mr. Anderson, J.P., Mr. H. Kirk wood, J.P., Mr. Green, M.M.C., Mr. Kueebone, and several other gentlemen of influential posi tion in Kaglehawk. Mi'. Thompson Moor', M.L.A., and Mr. 11. T'rnmble, mayor of Eagle hawk, were also present. The numbers were placed in revolving cylinders ill the usual manner, and were drawn out by one young lady at each, under the supervision of Messrs. Kneebono, Anderson, ami Kirkwood, assisted by Mr. Slade and the Secretary. Before the drawing was commenced, Mr. Kirk wood announced that the prizes would be only one-tilth of the value as originally advertised. 'I'iie prizes seein to have gone nearly all away I'riiin this district, excepting the lirat, which was sold b}' Mi'. I'arker, of Kangaroo Flat — No. 1,200. The second prize went to Mal Walla, New South Wales—No. 1,G09; the third to Ballarat—No. 1,914. Only one prize worth anything was gained in lOagluiiawk—the 7th—No. 451. The full list appears in our ad vertising columns. Joxmi and ins Buktiiuen.—The Masonic Hull was crowded to its utmost extent last even ing, on the occasion of the lir.it exhibition of a series of tableaux and visions representing the various more important incidents in the history of .Joseph and his brethren. An explanatory lecture \va:i delivered by Mr. D'Arcy Kead, by means of which the various scenes were ren dered perfectly comprehensible to the audience. These were of a most interesting and beautiful description. The costumes of the several char actors wore magnificent-, the coloring being highly artistic, whilst it was clear that tue pre parations had been most carefully arranged, and the parts of the performers indus triously studied and rehearsed. The illu sions, representing the visions of Joseph, of Jacob mimruin^ the supposed deatli of his favorite son, of Joseph in prison, of his pro phetic dreams, and, iinallv of his death, with the angels about his lied, were effected in the most wonderful manner. We imagine that it would bo impossible to produce the like except with tile aid of tho marvellous apparatus of Mr. D'Aroy Head, The whole must bo seen to be appreciated, defying, as it docs, any written description. The only fault to be found was that there was not more of it, and the audience at one part evinced some im patience for the lifting of tho curtain, in order to feast their eyes on the really beautiful pictures presented to their viow. Too much praise cannot bo given to tho performers in the entertainment, all of whom ivere porfect in their parts, anil assumed the attitudes' allotted to them in a manner which demanded universal admiration. The visions, splendidly displayed, mejits were 01 the most appropriate description, and v/ei'c admirably performed. The entertain ment will l:e repeated toM.uirrow evening. This evening " JJ'Arcy Head's Ghost " is advertised for representation in the Masonic Hall. Doubt less there will lie a large attendance, Royal Albert Quadiiillf. Club—Au as sembly of the above club will take place at the Oddfellows' Hall on Easter Jjonday evening. Northern' Couhsin'o Clui>,—1Tho time for receiving nominations for the Northern and Burnewang Puppy Stakes has been extended to 5 p.111. oil Monday, the 14th instant, as doubt less, owing to tho holidays many owners of greyhounds have negl-.'cfed to forward their nominations, 'flip drpw will take place 011 tho same evening, and the luucding commences oif the lGtli instant. Sale of .Je\vhi,i,euy.—At two o'clock to day -Messrs. J. Andrew and CV. will sell at their rooms, Hargreaves-streot, a large assort ment of jewellery, plated goods, etc., to close accounts. Sasducrst Building Societv.—As tho day for receiving tlie monthly subscriptions falls on Monday next, members nrft notified that the same will be received on Tuesday, lot-li ilist. Music tjjb Reserve.—To-morrow ben-? Easter Sunday, Halliia's Gjty Band will per form, at the request of the faster >'.;ir Com mittee, the following selections of sacred mu-ie in the Camp ltcserve, commencing at 3 o'clock: —" Church call;" ''Silver Trumpets," Vivia'ii; hymn, " On the bright shores of sold," iiiake; chorus, "Thy saints give thanks." Church; Gurnet solo, '' Agnes Dei," Mozart's No. 1 Ma:s; prayer, from " Mosc in Egitto," l{.oa=iiii[ "&nc; tuo," Mozart's No. 7 Mass; cornet solo, ''Air Jerusalem Thou that kiilest," Mendelsohn's "St. Paul;" rcoit., "And Uod said," reeit,, "In splendour bright," chorus, "The Heavens .-.re telling," Haydn's " Creation;" sacred march, 'iViomphaJe," Brepsaiit; "Dona Nobis," ILiyiln's No. 12 Mais. God save the Queen. The pieces to 'be per/ormeii iiwlude all the choice selections from the IjeSt masters, r.tul the Viand will be under the leadership of Mi'. Hi. tlallas. Tuii Exult.sio-n" Trains.—The present holi day sensim promises to bo unusually lively in S.tinlluir; t, and if visitors should arrive to-day aint mi Mon lav in anything like the numbers rl,:.t '.hey did liy tlie trains on Thursday night and yesterday, the hotels and restaurant keepers will have their utmost resources taxed to pro vide the requisite accommodation for them. The evening trains on Thursday were densely crowded, particularly that which arrived at eight o'clock, and the station was thronged with the visitors and their friends. The last train was nearly an hour late, as it did not reach Sandhurst until after midnight, and some of the strangers who arrived then experienced some inconvenience in having to hunt through streets unknown to them in search of lod^in^d. Yesterday a^aiu the trains were crowded, and a considerable number of the visitors were pre sent last evening :it tliu exhibition, with which great satisfaction was veiv general!}' expressed. IIunti.v |Jui.rci; Cuirur.—At tho Hmitly Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs. Tootell and Clay, .Is.P., several casus were dis poned of, 'ntt none were of importance. In the following oases verdicts for the amounts named, with 2s. (id. costs, were given :—Maltby v. lloski, goods, £3 Os.; Slade v. Sinclair, goods, .i'-t Sj. ti-Ul.; Jlnlpin v. .Sinclair, goods, i'.'i 9s. G^d.; same v. .Tones, goods, £1 us, Gd.; William Morris was fined Is., with ".2s. Od. costs, for removing timber from Crown lands without a licence. Tin-: Lath I'iuzic Fusht.—At tho Moam.i Police Court on Thursday, Foley, J. Thomp son, and Mace surrendered to their bail to answer the charge preferred against them in connection with the prize tight which took place between Foley and Hieken at Perricoota, on the '20th March. \Ve are indebted to the courtesy of the Hicer'tnt Jlcrahl for all advance report of the proceedings, which will be found in the supplement we publish this morn ing. It will be seen that the Ccises broke do>vu, in consuijUonoo, apparently, of the intimidation which was practised on the witnesses by the de fendants' counsel, though after reading the report it id ditlicnlt to conceive how the bench —which e-insisted of Mr. Donaldson, P.M., and Messrs. Shaekell, Kedman, and M'Oullough, J.s. P.—eould have .arrived at the decision that there was 110 evidence that a prize light had taken place. The defendants were re-arrested by the New South Wales police on the simple charge of having committed a breach of the peace 011 the -2Uth March, but were subse quently discharged, the bench refusing to grant the remand desired by the police. Our -Mel bourne correspondent informs us that the same persons, together with the second principal, lliokeii, were arrested by Sub-inspector Drought on the arrival of the Eehuoa train at Spencer street, and charged with committing a breach of the pence. They were subsequently brought before Mr. Garton, J.l\, by whom the case was remanded to the 9th Mav. A Sad Oc<;ui:iu:nce.—Our Inylewooil corres pondent says:—On Wednesday a very unfortu nate accident happened at Wedderburn. A lad named Ball was returning home from school with some other boys, and while playing with them fell and received injuries which resulted in death seven hours afterwards. Not long ago the poor boy's father committed suicide by drowning. Information of the occurrence was commuuieated to Mr. Strickland, who directed that a magisterial inquiry should be held, as he had to attend another inquest at Eehnca. Duath Kiio.u Syncopk.—On Thursday at 2 a.m. Mr. Strickland held an inquest at the Mia Mia Hotel, near Hoathcote, upon the body of a woman named Mrs. T. Du- yer, who died on the previous evening short!}' after giving birth to i\ ehilil. The coroner left Sandhurst on Wednes day evening by the 1/20 p.m. train for Kynetou, at which place lie took the midnight coaeli for Heathcoto. When he arrived at the hotel above named he found the jury assembled awaiting his arrival, and at 2 o'clock in the morning the inquest was commenced and not concluded until 5 a.m. The evidence showed that the deceased's illness was premature. The child was safely delivered, and an experienced nurse, who lived a distance of 9 miles away, was sent for. She arrived in about three hours time, but the woman expired 10 minutes after her arrival. Tile neighbors of the deceased had done every thing possible for her relief. Dr. .Seobell, of Ileatlieote, stated that on a ponl- mortem examination being held he found the cause of death to bo syncope from fainting through hremorrhage. Medical attendance might have saved deceased's life. The jury returned a ver dict accordingly, but stated that no blame was attributable to any person. Insulting Beuaviok.—Complaints have been made to us of the annoyance respectable people suffer iu Pall ^Iall, and in main thorough fares, by the disgusting and insulting epithets which are sometimes hurled forth from the scapegraoc and pests of society, who infest them. Of late these complaints have been very rife, the y^Ullg blackguards apparently taking advanlage of the present crowded state of our streets to escape detection. It is a severe trial fur unprotected females to have to pass by where these young roughs are located. Assault.—The case of assault oil the boy Anderson, at Daek Creek, by Martin Ferari, was again called on for hearing at the Police Court on Thursday, but a" the buy was still unable to appear owing -to the injuries he sustained, the case was remanded to the 17th instant. 1)i:atk in the Hospital.—A man named John Dir.gsdale, aged sixty, who was admitted into the hospital on' the tincl.April, died in the institution yesterday from disease of tho heart and brain. Dramatic Season.—On Monday evening next a season of six nights will be commenced at the Itoyal Princess Theatre by the City Dramatic Club. A varied programme has been arranged, as it is intended to produce live dif ferent dramas during the week. 'file charac ters will be distributed as on previous occasions, when the production of the same pieces by the club was attended with very fair success. On Monday night the drama of the " 'l'ickot-of Leavo Man" will be performed, and in the garden scene a double song and dance will be performed l>y Messrs. Frank Summers and J. Roach. The pieces to be presented during the remainder of the week are " Claredale, or the Lost Will," Never too Luto tn Mend," " Ladj- of Lyons," and " Fraud and its Victims." The proceeds on Thursday evening, less £10 to he deducted for expenses, will he devoted to the benefit of the hospital and asylum. The amount to be withheld, it is stated, is consider ably under what the expenses will actually amount to, and if the season should be a success ful one, the club will probably hand over the entire proceeds. The charities are not asked to take any responsibility in the matter or to give any guarantee, and under these cir cumstances the committees of the two institu tions have, wo are informed, expressed them selves satisfied with the arrangements. Donations.—The hou. treasurer of the Ben digo Hospital (Mr. K. F. Howard, Savings' Dank), acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations in aid of the main tenance fund of the institution :—New Chum .inil Victoria Gold Mining Company employes, per Mr. U. Jauk.-.on, £7 (is.- Gd.; Messrs. Cohu Jii-03., amount of brewers' sweepstake for prize ale at Agricultural Show, £5; Mr. Hartman Blumner, £1. Tlio collector (Mr. J. E. 0. Birch) ackn owledges the following:—Mrs. A. Dell.ir, £1; Mr. John Schumacher, £1 Is.; Messrs. ltobathau and Stevens, £1 Is.; Mr. William Batgcr, £! Is.; Itev. K, S. Bickford, £1; .Mr. William Ivnight, £2. Mr. Alfred Bailes, £1; sums under £1, £1 2s. (3d. Spouting Notes.—On Easter Monday the Sydney Leger will be competed for, but the lield will lie very small, probably only three or four starters. It is considered a moral for Bos worth, but His Lordship is reported to bo in capital form. Nellie is mostly fancied for the Champagne Stakes. On the (fold'Cup a good deal of wagering has taken place; Bosworth is first favorite, although Savanaka, Olivia, Tooal, and Chester are rapidly advancing in public favor. K.C.I)., Hoodoo, Colima, and Trump Yoss arc well supported at outside prices. Mi-. Alfred Joseph's weekly quotations are—4 to 1 lios^orth, U to 1 Olivia, G to 1 Toc.il, S to 1 Chester, 8 to 1 Savauaka, 12 to 1 K.O.B., 12 to 20 to 1 others, The Skating Rink.—The rink in YVilliam sou-street has been very well attended lately. All the arrangements have now been perfected by Mr. Barry, and a very enjoyable hour can be spent by visitors. Instrumental music is pro vided by Miss and Master Finster on the piano ami violin respectively. The rink will be open this afternoon at two o'clock. Tin; IT ox. GaAHAM IjI'.rp.y.—The Gedoihj AdverlUtr states that the Hon. Graham Berry is expected to return to this colony by the mail due at Melbourne on the 2-ith Juije. The Hob.soy's Bay Railway Purchase.— Tho Herald state3 'that the amount required to be paid out of the loan to shareholders in London is £558,560, Thoso in Melbourne will receive £298,900. Thus out of the three millions ;£S55,520 will bo at once disposed of. A Slaughtering Competition-.—A Mysia correspondent.of the Inijli-.wood Adetirlistrwrites: —A competition allowing the ability iu slaugh tering of our local men took place tlic other day at llml's butohe^' establishment, Mysia, be tween 11. John 1-tird and Mr. William Swain, butcher bj' occupation, but r,fc predentin the employ of Mr. Alltre'y, of t'ei:::ihur.-;i;. 'I'he competitors teste-!'their skill in speed and clean liiu-sii i« dro:sii;g three -sheep, for the sum of 11:2. Iu time tlie competjtots rrjado a dead heat, the sheep being killed in 13 minutes, or an average of -1:,! minut-.:-) per sheep. In dressing, however, the'judges ueiiidci] to-jive the prefer ence to Mr. iMyain, Jfr, Bird having torn the iieih in removing the skin. [Mr. .Swain was formerly a master .butcher in tha City Market.] A letter from Mr. ChilO.ers, reouived in Mel bourne by tha hut English' mail, annoiiuoQs.hia approaching marriage with Mrs. Gilbert Elliott, widow of tlie late Colonel Elliott,- and daughter oj the late Bishop of Chichester. The marriage was'to take plate at Easter. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and the seat for Clare.—Some cnriosi.y has been expressed (says the -•).'/:■) as ti> tlit-- reason wliv Sir B. O'Loghlen did not resign his s-._-.-i■. fur !:ii-'-, con sidering that he had no intention oi home to take hid place iu tlie House of Commons. According to the law of Iiugfan:], however, no one who ha3 been elected to represent his tellow countrynieu in the House of Commons can resign. He can only vacate his seat by accepting the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds. Such ofiice, although only nominal, is, in the eye of the law, ail ollice of prolit. The ([iiestion may be asked, " Why did not Sir Bryan O'Loghlen accept the Chiltern Hundreds, and so prevent the practical disfranchisement of the electors of Clare T' The simple reason is that by doing so he would not only have vacated his seat for the Irish constituency, but also for the electorate of West Melbourne, tne u\v being very clear under the Constitution Statute that any member accepting a place of proilt under the Crowu thereby vacates hid seat. The Embassy.—The Aye lias the following: —Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has received a telegram from the Chief Secretary, under date London, the Sth April, stating that Professor Pearson and himself had hail another oilieial interview on the question of Constitutional Kuform with Sir Michael HicUs-Beaeh. The tone or the discussion which took place was favorable to the views put forward by the commissioners. A debate on the subject will probably take place in both Houses of Parliament. The leaders of the Liberal party in Great Britain are with the Victorian Liberals, including .Messrs. W. E. Gladstone, J. Bright-, Forster, IT. C. (J. Childers ami Sir Charles Dilke. The commissioners visited Lord Rosebery at Mentinere on Saturday last, and Lord Carnarvon on Sunday. As to the question of a division of the postages be tween England ami the colonies, Mr. Berry expects to obtain a concession reducing the pay ment; from fourpence to twopence per letter. In respect of a through steam .service from Ply mouth to Melbourne, Mr. Berry believes that the proprietors of the " Orient " line of steamers are likely to submit a definite oiler for under taking the service. Novel Cooinxr; Apparatus.—At the Mining Board office (says the Sfar) there is now on view a portable cooking furnace, invented and made by Mr. William Gotty, a very old resident of Ballarat. The furnace is simply a largo iron bucket lined on the inside with an inch coating of Lai Lai lire-clay. There is a false bottom of the same material, and below this an ash pit. Charcoal is the fuel used, and sufiicient heat can be raised with a few handtuls of this to smelt gold with, Bars and a plate are fitted to take off and on a8 required, on the top of the stove, and when in use allow of four good-sized sauce pans and a hanging kettle being placed on the stove. A kettlo of cold water can be boiled in from ten to twelve minutes, and it seems to us that at an infinitesimal cost a family dinner for six or eight persons could be cooked if necessary on the dinner table itself. The stove can be carried about wherever required ; it cannot be upset, creates no heat in tho room in which it is used, and is a cleanly and most convenient cook ing arrangement, besides being economical in use. For washing purposes we are informed by a gentleman who has one of the stoves in use, the stove is admirably adapted. Closu Polling.—A telegram from Brisbane* published in the Aryus states that the contost for Clermont was very close. Mr. Weld Blnndell was elected by a majority of one, but au informal vote given made the numbers for both candidates equal. Two miners have taken.possession of the claim in the Wombat Ranges from which Ned and Dan Kelly got their gold, and up to the pre3otit time have obtained sufficient gold to enable the Mansfield Guardian to say that they are making good wages. The Eight Hours' Demonstration-.—An excellent idea has been promulgated (says the Telegraph) by Mr. Bobert Clark, M.L.A. for Sandhurst, in connection with holding the eight hours' demonstration each year at different towns throughout the country, instead of each district holding a separate demonstration. Having this idea in view, Mr. Clark, accom panied by the mayor of Sandhurst, on Wed nesday night waited upon a meeting of trades union, at the Trade3-hall, for the purpose of asking the Melbourne trades to hold their annual demonstration on the 21st instant at Sandhurst. The Sandhurst delegates explained that next year, if the views of the delegates were entertained, the demonstration might be held at liallarat, or at any of the large oentres of population. Mr. Clark and his brother delegate, Mr. D. 0. Stcrry, were warmly received by the trades-union, who, however, ox- plained that whilst entering into the project, they could not entertain the suggestion this year, as the time was too short to alter their plans, which had already been completed. Intbukst on* Bank Deposits.—The banks of issue ill all the leading colonies (observes the Insurance ami Bunkhuj Record) are now in agreement, the only open point being, strange to say, Western Australia. There is a strong inclination to lower the rate of interest on deposits by one per cent., and it is hardly necessary to point out that this, if it be done simultaneously, will not cause a diminution in the deposits of any one bank. The risk of in jurious competition would be from the building societies. The probability is that the reduction of deposit interest rates will follow the issue of the New South Wales Government loan in London. An Amusing Incident.—A rat hunt in a shop in Ryrie-street (the (helowj Atlverliwr says) had a very unexpected and unpleasant termination on Wednesday. A small dog having started one of these household pests, a well- known business man of this town, thinking the rat wa>; going to escape from the terrier, quickly placed hia foot ill front of the former, with the expectation of turning it, and seeing it double into the jaws of the now bafUed mongrel. The rat, however, was equal to the occasion, and seeing the " bell'" of the gentleman's Geelong tweeds hanging gracefully over his spring- side boocs, darted quickly into this place of refuge, and with great celerity swarmod up the wearer's ealf. The latter oried loudly, like Hamlet, "a rat, a rat," and danced a Gillie Galium, with the intention of dislodging the animal. The rat. however, again showed its sagacity, and clung tenaciously to the inside of the sheltorinn garment. Those around the now startled busi ness mau were afraid to assist him, for if they proceeded to harsh measures with Ilia ratship, the latter would very likely have tried his teeth on the particular muscle which chanced to be nearest him. Two cabmen, however, hearing the disturbance, took a practical view of the .matter, and disrobed the gentleman, at which the rat, startled by the flood of light, darted for the street, there being no perceptible effort made by its unwilling harborer auil concealer to again arrest its flight. Mr. Gladstone.—Ho is a tender father, a devoted husband, a true and good friend. His disinterestedness about money matters is so great that ho refused an augmentation of his salary whilst Primo Minister, and left oQico impoverished. He had to sell a goodly collection of china which he had massed (for he is a connoisseur), and soon afterwards his library of books, which was bought, back f>>r him by Lord Wolverton. His readiness to succour all who appeal to his charity is only limited by his means, and iio friviiienf.ln ™. turns fcmu his country walks with his pock«ts cleared out, thanks to his distributions of gold and silver among the sick or needy villagers. Some months ago he went out fou a walk of about twelve miles, intending to return to Hawarden by train ; but in the evening ho found ho had given' away every thing, and had not money left to pay for his ticket, so he trudged homo on foot, arriving so late that his family had become uneasy. Mr. Gladstone does more than give money away,'for he has often been known to go and read the Uible to tenants who were bed ridden ; and this inissiou of charity he has always discharged in the most natural, un ostentatious fashion, even when he was Prime Minister, and had work enough to occupy all the moments of such a sturdy toilsr as himself. He is, in truth, a fervent Christian ; and the explanation of much of what is wayward in his character may be found in his deep religiousness. His wrath is generally righteous wrath, if one may so call it. — Truth llii'i: Old Age.—Living to a ripe old a^e is not yet nno of the "lost arts." The illustrious Pins ITf. was spared to see his 8Gth year. Count do Waldock, who died throe years a^o, was past 100. The Umperor of Germany is 82. Marshal MacMahou is 72\. Tho late M.' Thiers was over SO, and tk« historian Guizot had reached S7. Lord Brbughain was SO, Lord Palmerston 81, and Earl Russell 86. William Cullen Bryant was past 83. Richard H. Dana, ivho introduced Bryant, to the public, is still living in Boston at the age of 91. Mr. Longfellow is 71, ami Whittier has passed 70. Charles O'Connor is 73. Cardinal 51'Closkey is OS, and Pope Loo XLII. is tlio same. 3 If. Gladstone is 7-1. Oarlyia is sift, and still bright. Emerson is 75, and Victor Hugo 7G. Chief Jn.;ri:e Taney was 87. Charles Carroll ton, lived to seB 91. John 4 Jefferson 83. Martin Van Buren was almost 80\. Stephen Girard died at SI, and John Jacob Asior ut 85, Andrew Jackson was 74, James Bn&li;uun "7, John ' Tyler 7-1, and Jlillai'd Fillmore thosamo, Caleb Cushin^ and George Bancroft aro oaolv 78, v!oung nic'n, don't ba discouraged. Take good care of yourselves, keep out of debt, home early at night, and you mav all 1 seventies.— -lash Monthly. 