Chapter XVTT. IN THE TWILIGHT. ^locators to a ? Sir Kenneth November found us in our own much of the last-a lovely, old-fashioned, hoai „ the Scotch farm-house, just outside BrookleigB 1 which Lord Westbrook had to let if isBesses higu mother took a fancy that she shoult -lity," "gentle, live there. Father took it, and the Ian \d a way of taining, under some temporary and at qy subtle sag arrangement, which admitted of our g' , up when we were tired of it; and withieo . weeks afterwards it was all in order ahdertakes the nished (for money can buy time as Vefenda it by other things), and we had migrated fr< ave to suffer rectory, and were settled there. Avery before it place it was—quiet, quaint, pictur " " . , , j and comfortable; well-gravelled as to ( * Christ and paths, but with high shrubberies bel 3 I may call i about (to hide the proximity of farm- > one of the and buildings, that were a little too clot j Europe to choice, perhaps), and noble old red -v what yellow trees dropping leaf-drifts all arc . . it. It had queer dark passages and stairca111® 8imP1Jr low ceilings, numberless cupboards ae essence corners, rooms leading one through the otht (bis Sir the maximum of space with the minimun high convenience, I should say; but for all t If., was as full of comfort as a sweet, con>. . fashioned grange could be. (We called suit their the " Moated Grange," though it had not t showing ghost of a moat near it.) My own chamt nea been was in a tall gable that looked across towan •> 0j ^ the chnrch—only 20 minutes' walk away—at . it had a teal lattice casement, with ivy polar#101* ™e through the framework quite into the roontackth® and deserted martins' nests clinging thickljf Chris" to the wide eaves. I reached it by going up j 0f Sir corkscrew staircase and through two othe^.^i.. rooms, but I did not mind that One of th/p T rooms was kept for boxes, and the other wi'iemnea fitted np for Eleanor whenever she liked tc ltured, sleep there. It was rather a lonely eyrie, but era of I did not mind that either. I was not much!. < a de troubled with nerves; and the further away an:nn I got from other people the nearer I felt to . p " Tom. ' -ions. Mother and I had a great deal of work to js for do for a little while, in spite of our many Jchria workmen; and I was sufficiently absorbed in > aDDa. the interest of my occupation (unpacking and „ . arranging all onr Earraporwidgee treasures) > to be able to ignore the existence, or rather m the importance, of Lord; Westbrook for -the ',aTr,ft time. Bat vrhen. we were settled, and regular home life began—a little less of pariah work with Eleanor, and a little more of reading, and needlework, and housekeeping with mother (who would hare been ashamed of me if I had not known how to cook a dinner as well as order one)—then 1 found that he would not be ignored, neither himself, nor his im portance as an element in my life. The winter went over, having brought, with the ice and snow, a Bhadow of care and trouble upon my heart, that did not melt away as they did: and the first year of my separation from Tom was at an end. What a strange, long, full year it had been t How fast I had been learning life! On his birth day ? towards dusk in the afternoon, I was sitting by myself on a low chair by the draw ingroom fire, thinking of it alL Mother had gone to see Aunt Kate, to talk over a project that bad been broached by Lady Westbrook, of introducing her (mother) and me to the Queen during the approaching season—a pro ject on which the daughterless, gay old woman, who was fond or me, had set her heart, and which had touched the vanity of both my parents in its most susceptible place. Mother's head was full of my white court dress, and how she should have her pearls set for me, and, I daresay, of all manner of ambitious hopes and schemes for my glorification, though she did not own to it. Daddy made no effort what ever to conceal his interest and pride in my prospective honours, and was par ticularly anxious to impress upon us, in reference to our plans, that he overflowed with money that he did not know what to do with. Just now he had taken himself off to some farming business of his own, intending to call for her at the rectory when she had had her gossip out. I, left at home to nurse a sore throat, had something better to occupy my thoughts than a court dress and a London season, though I was as open to the fascinations of those charming novelties as anybody. I could only think of Tom to-day— of his lonely birthday at Boolpomooloo, and of his birthday a year ago, and bis birthday a year to come. I busied myself with cal culations as to the difference of time between 1 him and me, and I came to the conclusion that he would be having his breakfast now, while I Bat thinking about him in gathering wintry dusk. Was Ac fiiinkinrW . . 'Bnri WW, too, I wondered, as he drank his cg®^&A;, ana chipped his eggs? and rememberingM60 , nn§ I had nearly seen the day over that witnS^Pj,, had not long begun? Of coarse heir0fSs Somehow, through all that long separf;, and silence, I no more suspected tfir1*)6* could be changed by it than that I ^^ ^5? be changedmyself. I had not fromA life" so faatj as yet, as to learn to! ?58?.?-8 v only in the evidence of my cornore*°ge8t8' the sooner I knew, as well as I knew that L9^0 ovext % and thinking of him, that, if he wr ordere, or in home was thinking of me—looking forw ratenngonthework to that happy goal which we had c ««ence andforlitera way, and taking back \rith meJ°Vn .W ing point whence we had Bet t< religion than they hation with each sad but dat-' v A whole year ago!—half the' — TOrnnheheldmeinjjn) 0p THE SEA.* me that the time would *,, • „ . thought, I navidr antjc& ®lue Roses ' now gives us would slip and one which shows all,of I tried to Buta they'fGf grace and refinement of. tone ntattP7 wbich 'het pwvioa8 ^*ve (^>^i>i«^?tingniahed. The elements of /the; that hdd Wimgir Sound of the Sea, by the author'tVai*,"' IOZtfae U^piBoeM>"&c.; London.; C. JtoQp IW^.Oo, jch a ,uto ,ious e'the Lent Arir br BO Of tita, toe Bita.-j. in, his d that's anotl thed long, wards in thi, talking thenif he won course, he migl able jo < little sr 1 had fresh( a dressin) "Lor shrill v< sharp ki I was s< I sprang Tom mi now, v about 1 1 could roonv tell Sr the i kite!' M 9L % oages .^ritual 'lessors story are simple, as are also the characters. The plot is certainly not marked by a high degree of originality. The reserved, rather elderly minister of warm but suppressed feelings, who somewhat late in life has placed his affections upon a young girl who is gradually brought to recognise the depth and warmth and tenderness of his nature, is not a new character in fiction. Bnt in this book the character and the relationship are worked out with skill and feeling, and the bits of natural description, which are given from time to time, supply a very suitable background to the simple story. These rather dour Scottish peasants and fisherfolk, and the misty, I moist climate, all, by their appropriateness, give an air of reality to the narrative. The style is easy and graceful, and nowhere is any straining for effect apparent. The effect desired is always reached without straining There are many touches of quiet, quaint humour in the story, such as that where it is said of Bobbie Tosh, the minister's man, that he was "a pious man, and one before whom, as before the minister himself, it was generally felt to be correct to allow the con versation to turn almost exclusively on fune rals." It is also a legitimate hit at the fairly drawn young doctor, a rather Belf-complacent disciple ot the latest scientific philosophy, that on the day after the death of the mother of his betrothed he said very little, " finding, as he did, nothing in all his molecular theories that seemed quite applicable to a broken heart, an empty house, and a new made grave." The grim, self-satisfied, Cal vinistic servant woman, Christy Blake, is also well drawn. She thinks that " doots were very unbecoming in a minister, and she feared Mr. Esslemont had no an extraordinar' grip o* the truth." And further—" It's weel kent that when the shepherd is angered wi' the sheep he gies them a blind bell wether, and I am feered that may be the case here, for I cannot see that the minister deals honestly wi' the terrors o' the Law." Christy is thoroughly in accord with the defender of orthodoxy who denounced the unbeliever who said " there was no devil and no hell," and asked, " if that were so, what comesof the dying hope of the Christian?" The story, without being an ambitious one, fully maintains the object the writer had in view, and an interesting narrative is told in good refined English, and with an ab sence of any element to which the slightest objection could be raised by the moBt fasti 