Although the Ministers who spoke at the Castlemaino meeting on Thursday refrained from indicating very clearly the future Minis terial programme, they said enough to intimate that a time of intense activity was approaching which would tax the energies of the Govern ment and the adherents to the liberal interests. Mr Patterson was out-spoken enough for all practical purposes when he said that Mr Berry would return prepared to resume his duties in the highest Bpirits, and to put the finishing stone to the work of constitutional reform, which was intended to give tho peoplo real power in the management of public affairs, and mako their will, as deliberately expressed in the ballot-box, the law of tho land. Every reliable account of Mr Berry's proceedings in London fully justifies this stylo of remark, and warrants the conclu sion that ho will not meet tho Assembly crest fallen, as his opponents foolishly givo out, but armed with additional weapons of attack and defence, which will insure him tho victory in the future of tho contest. Though unablo to obtain an enabling act from the Imperial au thorities, he has received sufficient intimation of their leaning towards tho side of fair play, common senso, and the assimilation of the colonial government to the model whence it professes to be taken, to justify the belief tliat they will not remain indifferent spectators of our political struggles, but come to the rescue the moment it is found that the quarrel canuot be settled on local ground. Nothing can be plainer than the intimations conveyed by the British Government in tho despatches which have come to hand, of their resolution to insist on tho Assembly of Victoria being made the copy and the counterpart of the English House of Commons. If tho Legislative Council remain as a component part of the legislature of tho colony it must be by being content to limit its functions to tho revision, delay and counsel, which are all that are assumed by its illustrious prototype. It is satisfactory to learn that Mr Berry has been well received by the chief officers of the State, but it is equally pleasing to discover that he has received the warm support of the most distinguished English politicians who influence the public opinion of the country. When Buch leaders of the people as Gladstone, Bright, and a host of their followers and imita tors assure Mr Berry that his plans of Council reform will be placed prominently before the British Senate, it matters littlo what courso the Government may take, who are known to be merely the creatures of tho day. IVe regard constitutional reform as an established fact now that the most eminent leadors of the English liberal party have promised Mr Berry their adhesion to his remedial programme. We are left in doubt as to tho course tho Government will take in reference to the reform bill which will have to be sent to the country for approval, but we cannot doubt that the future measure will be equally effective with that passed during the last session. Judging from the tone adopted by Mr Berry in his recent com munications as well as from that of the leading Government organ of tho Press, wo imagine that the principle of tho plebiscite is not entirely abandoned although the idea is pretty generally conveyed that its un- English character has caused it to be in dis favour with British statesmon. We attach little importance to this objection, for if the principle is a good one, neither the British people nor tho colonists can consistently oppose it. The great argument of Sydney Smith against tho ballot, was that it was un- English, yet his descendants adopted it, and what was more, borrowed it from this colony. Tho Norwegian system is equally opposed to our national customs, yet it is tho key-stone of tho Service structure, and must be taken on its merits. It works well in Norway, and cannot be repudiated on national grounds alone. Whatever Mr Berry's reform bill may be, he is pledged to carry one of an effective charac ter, which will produce finality in legislation, and givo the representatives of the people abso lutely control of the public purse. At the Castle maino meeting on Thursday last, it was easy to discover that some of the speakers wero in fluenced by anxiety, in reference to the conduct of the constituencies at tho next election. This was the undercurrent of tho speeches of Messrs Longinore and Woods, and Sir Mirams made the burden of his address tho duty of tho elec tors to watch, and defeat the tactics of tho third party, which was understood to bo entoring the field under thosholtcr of the Service programmo. Til's was sound advice no doubt, but after giving the leader of the Opposition ovory credit for de vising a scheme to let the Council down as gently as possible, we fail to soo how it is pos sible for him to rally round him from the dis cordant materials which exist, a sufficient num ber of influential men to constitute the third party, which is expected to undertake and achieve the work of constitutional reform. The polos aro not wider asunder than tho nostrums of the principal men who may be sup posed to come to the front in tho future dis cussions on thiB complicated question. Mr Service is confident that he possesses the correct idea, and Mr Reid, whoso scheme is a modifica tion of the former, lias gono so far as to say that he can carry it through tho Council. Both schomes, however, are destitute of tho safety- valve, without which tho engine may explodo tho moment high pressuro is applied. Mr Casey cannot abjuro hi3 nominee scheme, which leavos tho adjudication on tho final issue to the Govornors of the colonies, and Mr Wrixou must hold fast by the samo system which ho con tends works well in all the colonies where it is adopted. Mr Vale is not enamoured of tho plebiscite because it elected Louis Napoleon, but ho does not suggest a moro satisfactory mode of settlement, and probably will not make the attempt till ho obtain n seat in Parliament. From Mr Langton we know not what to expect. He will probably sail in the samo boat with Sir Charles Sladen and the class of immutable conservatives whose maxim is, "nolumus legos Anglho mutari." If a third party adapted to carry any practical moasuro of constitutional reform is to proceed from this hotcrogcneous mass of disintegrated atoms, it will be a rosult similar to that miraculous effort which ovolvcd from priraoval chaos — tho music of tho spheres. Mr Mirams, howover, lias a dread of the machinations of this third party, and plucky though ho is, resembles tho sailor who fears an unsubstantial ghost moro than bo docs a real cannon ball. Perhaps tho Electors would act wisely to take tho advico of Mr Mirams and the Ministers who recommended them to bo up and ready at tho next election. " Tho battle of tho constitution must be fought in tho polling booths," was tho watch-word given to his party by Sir Robert Poel on that memorable occasion when ho regained tho ascendancy of tho conservative party, apparently and hopelessly extinguished by a remarkable scries of whig successes. Tho liberals of Vic toria will do well to adopt this maxim, and pro- pare for the struggle which all tho speakers at tho lato meeting showed was not far distant. No third party could be formed out of the proscnt Assembly, but if conservative gold were to circulate freely, many of that way of thinking say the tables would bo turned on tho present Government. This experiment was tried in 1802, when the Victorian Association packed the Assembly with squatters' nominees and representatives, sent there to influence tho land legislation that was intended to fix their destiny. The ballot has rendered bribery and corruption such a doubtful game that the millionaires of the country will think twice before paying tho electors to vote for them, with tho chance of their voting the other way. Efficient organisa tion on the part of the liberal electors will prove moro potent than conservative gold, without a liberal distribution of which to tho needy and corrupt, there is not much probability that any third party will do the work which Mr Borry is striving to accomplish. 