ABOVE THE STEAK ER. BY TIMOTHEDS. ' Timotheus placed on high." After the storm of the Reform Bill has come, not a calm, but a collapse At first it was not so Both sides burned to re engage Mr. Gillies would have press""! his triumph, and Mr Berry meant to defend his position. Again the whips weroatwork Mr Purves was brought from afar off to the scene, and was received, when he entered the House, with a cheer and with congratulations Mr Joseph Jones was counted beforehand, and the division would have been postponed until he could take his seat His return gave the Opposition 42 votes out of a possible 85, or, rather, Mr Lyell being absent, 41 out of a possible 81, and therefore the division must have been a near thing A great authority has said, " When sides are evenly balanced, I tremble for constitutional government," and on these occasions there is good cause for alarm Reports were rife that this member was standing out for terms, and that the other representative had " gone crooked More anxious moments and more scandals were threatened, when His Excellency's fiat was made known, and the whole fabric disappeared A final fortnight is all that remains to Parliament, and that fortnight we may depend upon it will be pretty busily employed Mr Berry's expressed desire to wind up before Christmas was no doubt sincere As it is, the Opposi- the worst part of the estimates has to be dealt with, and Ministers must anticipate a had six nights Parliament, it would seem, will have a death flurry Bagehot quotes a remark of Lord Palmerston that he never knew a House of Commons which approved of being dissolved The rule applies to all other Assemblies, and when Mr Berry announced in the Bourke-street edifice that he had had the honour of waiting upon the Governor, Kc and that His Excellency had been pleased, by, the applause which was got up for decency's sake was strangely hollow It Bounded as un- real as the laughter on the stage, or it was like the cheers of the Cow senators at Both- well bridge, which were so near to a wall that the sound alarmed their own commanders If members could have been assured that the Munro motion would have avoided the plunge the member for Carlton would have had a rare and surprising following at his back, and on the chance of its stopping the dissolu- tion, Mr Munro, it is claimed, was sure of a majority The soothing argument used by His Excellency that there is nothing in his action, that the House any way would shortly expire by effluxion of time, Capt have sounded to hon. members like the sarcastic remark of the African captain to the fever patient he rolled overboard, that the straggler need not be so absurdly particular to a few minutes It is these last moments that are precious And, as Mr Service would put it, this is human nature The author who has undertaken to describe how Paradise was lost (who passed the flaming bounds of space and time' ) had a practical acquaintance with politics, and perhaps had a suddenly dissolved House in view when he was describing the out of Adam and Eve from Eden. They did not take the first hint by any means, but had to be put out very nearly ii ed at vis "The hastening angel seized Our Hngcrintr parents, and to the eastern gate Led them direct There was no mistake about it, nor was there any possibility of a misunderstanding in the House after His Excellency's memorandum was read Nothing remained but to retire with dignity, and hon. members managed pretty well Mr Munro throw up his motion on the spot discovering that the appeal was just the thing he wanted Mr Casey a ardour was irresistible It is a happiness to him to have the privilege of expatiating upon the merits of the British Constitution at wa) Bide public houses, and he desired to be let loose at once And this is the end of the Parliament of the 11th May, 1877 Called into being to put Mr Berry into power, Mr Berry has had the melancholy duty of terminating its existence What is worse also than the disruption of the host is the fact that the contingent which has broken off from the majority contains the best of the new men No geniuses came into the house on the 11th May The old leaders are still the old leaders and they are not all likely to be supplanted But there are some half dozen men who may develope Mr Cooper Ima excellent debating at) le, and can nrguewellonhiBleg8 Mr DovvhaspointB, and con make them Mr Vv Albania can think a matter out, and with good results The discovery that if the prostrate was to be applied at all it should be applied to money matters, which are the most readily understood of all changed the political situation And Mr R Clark has the smartness of the gold fields These are the best and Mr Berry has practically lost them all The brains of the party have drained off and left him with the resi- drum, and this is mortifying, because every leader lilies to captain talent, and it is dangerous, because in the long run brains tell in the country. The "old hat' member can be put down, but these representatives can hold their own, and can convince audiences One consolation, how. ever, is still left to Mr Berry Trouble only sheds a new light on the character of one faithful creature Nicholas Nickleby could not but observe that the warmth of the reception of Harriet Petowkor at the theatre was due to a most persevering umbrella in the upper boxes Whenever the piece dragged that umbrella broke out afresh, and no umbrella could have been wielded more energetic- cal!) than that owned by Mr M drama It has evoked and led the applause The Sergeant at arms will have to take that gingham into custody ) at Ora grateful Ministry may induce Mr Mirams to drop it, and to carry instead a portfolio in the firm and determined resolution of the Opposition to sit right up to the disso- lution-to adjourn, and not to be prorogued there was much of the wisdom of the serpent The Opposition suspect Ministers of an intention of deserting the Reform Bill, upon which they are supposed to go to the country. But there can hardly be a change of front while Parliament is sitting Were Ministers to abandon any one of the three principles at this stage they would be subject to castigation too severe for mortals to endure, and there might be an effectual address to His Excellency against the perversion of Ina promise. During the day a of Parliament, therefore, Mr Service and his friends will have the pleasure of grinning at Ministers doomed to carry the burden they would willingly drop of the 6th clause and the nominee Upper House Ministers will be tongue tied about reform, as in another way and up to a certain point was the Ancient Mariner 11 The selfsame moment I could speak, And from my neck so free The albatross fell off, and sunk Like lead into the sea On the second of February the political spell will be broken Ministers will be able to talk freely, and the nominee House will disappear into the waters, unwept, an honoured, and unsung The feud between Mr. Laurens and the HOUSe continues, and there have been some desperate combats, in which the member for North Melbourne has come off victorious. In all cases, that is, but one. Mr Laurens did accomplish at last his great end of speaking on the Reform Bill. Members God, so did Ministers, leaving Mr. Longmore in charge. At each new portion of the discourse Mr. Longmore smiled horribly. There is no doubt Mr. Longmore would smile over Epsom salts if he had to take them, and such was the ghastly grin each new division of the speech called forth. The few representatives who had lingered could stand the scene no longer, but seized their hats, and grabbed at their papers, and, like Macbeth's guests when the ghost appeared, stood not upon the order of going, but went at once. With this arrangement Mr Laurens was quite content, for speaking without an 1 audience is better than no' speaking at all. But Mr. Gaunson, as usual, dropped in when least expected, and, as usual, took the part of the weak and the oppressed. " Hear, hear," he called out, " that was very well put " " I declare, Mr Speaker," he added, " bespeaks as well as Maria and there ought to be a quorum present " But when attention was thus called to the state of the House, the difficulty was that, for the first time in history, there were no clerks, no sergeant-at-arms, and no messengers to ring the bells and give the notice. And not until some one was caught cowering in a corner, it is said with cotton wool in his ears, could the signal be sounded. But when the House was formed, members broke out into open mutiny. Mr Berry went up to Mr Laurens, and remonstrated with him, but in vain. He promised to stop, it is true, but he was incapable of checking the revolving barrel within. Mr. Dixon was almost violent in his action of pulling by the coat tails, and at last he brought the hon. member down with half the speech unspoken let twice since then has the horror fallen upon the House Thrice has the Speaker, despite his evident reluctance, had to call on Mr Laurens Thrice the members have seen the hon. member on his legs in a deprecating attitude as if to avert the inevitable storm of indignation Mr Laurens is indomitable and thus there is reason to tremble for the future It is quite an open question whether the Assembly will kill him or whether he will kill the Assembly The one lively scene in the House has been the breach of priv lego case submitted by Sir Donald Cameron After this the ultra Tories have hopes of securing Mr Patterson, who ran ahead of their wildest contention The idea said that hon. gentleman of entertaining a charge made by a man of straw "Yes continued Mr Mason and if the man has only his own word to rely on he ought to be ordered into custody at once No complaint is to be made according to these dicta, unless the citizen has a property qualifications entitled to sit, say for the Legislative Council But the wonderful part of the affair is that there should be a hubbub at all. The practice of members acting as land agents is as old as the hills One professional land agent was a candidate unfit />Wt on and up may be returned this and he would certainly carry) on his business, and there have been members of Parliament who have kept clerks, and issued circulars, and Bought custom publicly without privilege being dreamed of It may be improper for members to do the work, but if the work is done, and the Minister allows it to be done by members, why should the Labourer be unworthy of his hire ? Mr Dawson's case is that Mr. Cameron introduced him, and the transfer order he wanted was obtained, and he netted £80 on the transaction and what the land agents wonder at is the smallness of the alleged fee The barrister who was called to account for unprofessional conduct in receiving silver for a few, had a palliation, "Well, I took every shilling the poor devil had in the world, and that was not unprofessional, I hope " Mr. Dawson, according to his own account, emerged with £78 in his possession, This is what astounds the land agents _ 