INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE. j Tuesday. ' Tho Molbourno Reform Loaguo aro making nrrangomontB to woloomo Mr. Berry, uud also to oelobrato tho suecoss of the ombassy. Mr Berry will, upon hiB return, doiivor a looturo dotniliug liia story of tbo oonduot of tho ombassy, Theatricals. — Owing to tbo lato Bitting of tho Distriot Court, and tho proBsuro of other matter wo havo been oompolled to hold over our notioe of tho performances at tho Theatre and Sohool of Arts for a future issue. The favorite: eoinedy of " Our Boys " will bo pre sented to-night at tho Tkoatro Royal, and tho "Ghosts" at tho Sohool of Arts will "come hko shadows — so depart. Accident. — An aaoidont ooourrod at tho lower ferry about half-past 3 o'olook yesterday afternoon. A man namod Thomas Adams, a resident of North Rockhampton, was de scending the steps to tho ferry boat, when ho lost his footing, and falling upon tho bow of the boat, reooived an ugly oat upon tbo head. Ho " brought up" npon tho muddy aroa ad jacent to tbo stops, and was assisted from hiB unpleasant position by tho boatman, Jamos Miliar, Ho was placod on board tho ferry boat, and convoyod to tbo North Sido, Totalisatoe. — Tho Vagabond, (Mr. Julian Thomas) has written to Mr. H. W. Risieu Seorotary of tho Rookhampton Jockoy Club, to know whether he will bo permitted to work his " totalisator " on tho course during tho raoos. Postponed.— Wo aro roquestod to stato that tbo annivorsary mooting of the primitive Metho dist Sunday Sohool was postponed last night owing to the incloraonoy of tho woalhortill to-morrowjovening whan if will bo held'Bhould the weather take up. : Police Photection. — Tho latest nows about dismissals is, that one hundred polioomon aro about to bo disoliargad. This is another proof of the wisdom and liberal policy of a Govern ment, which promised to do so muoh, if thoy oonld only get rid of tho honorable gentlemen whoso groat orimo was that thoy had succeodod in keeping their opponents out of offiao, for ilvo consecutive yours. It is to bo Binoorely dosired, for tlio sako of rowdyism, larrikinism and Hor Majesty's prisons, that tho polioo foroo of Rookhnmpton will bo lossoned. Oar oonBtablcs aro frooly distributed over tho country on work whioh ought to be performed by oivilians, and if anything like an ornuote ' woro to tako plaoo onr gallant Volunteers would havo to turn out. It is notorious that Central Queensland is not suffioiontly proteoted and that tho white force, at command, is not equal to mooting tho blaok ruffians, who with the physiques of giants and tho' passions of satyrs, havo lately boon let looso npon sooiety, and who seoin inolincd to run a mCok, and aorao out full blown blaok larrikins. Rook hampton is not, and novor was sufficiently proteoted ; a largo por contago of tbo foroo is soattorod about doing work which belongs to oivilians. On Snturday night last when tlio Kanakas woro in full swing, thoro woro but three oonst'ablos on duty, and at ono timo thoy woro ougagod in a. hot contest with six of the brnwuj and brandy infuriated savngos, who fought like vory domous. Our streets aud tho outskirts of tlio town aro, at times, swarm ing with our own blaoks, who although not very formidable antagonists in a skrimmagc, aro notrious thieves and not partioalarly agroeablo to look upon— loss so indeod, than tho mangy curs who snoak at thoir hoels. It is roasonablo to supposo that tho inoroaso of population; tho opening up of tho interior and an inoroasnd aroa of settled country, would requiro proportionate increased polioo protec tion. But our wisoaorce at tho head of publio affairs, and nt tho tail of pnblio prosperity, think difforontly. Thoy nro doing all thoy can, and thoy aro doing it woll too, to ahock progress aud to rcduoo tho orodit of Queens land in tho oyos of tho world. Protection moant soouvity; and means sottloment and progross, nnd it wonld bo far moro judioious on tho part ol our Ministers, if thoy would dook tbo oducation grant by soma £20,000 or £30,000 per annum uud plaoo tho amount to tho of polioo oxpndituro, New Maoistbate. — Yostorday boforo His Honor Jndgo Blako, Mr.ThomaihTaskor Faunoe vns sworn in aB.a,jilagistrato ojfthe territory. : GoLD.-iQn' Taoiiday/ BiitInspoptbr Dyas brought from Clermont 20GGozs. 8dwts. lSgrs. A gold, and notob to the amount of £1708, for 1\. J. 8. Bank. Also 264ozs. 14dwts. 4ozs of old for tho Bauk of Now South Walog, Kanakas v.. Policemen.— Our pollco report of yostorday shows to what an oxtont tho Kanaku miisunoo is spreading. Iu almost ovory naBO tho oonstablos woro fnroibly rosistod in tbo oxcoation of their duty by a mob of drunkon savagos, who paraded the prinoipal thoroughfares of tho town on Saturday night, shoving against and otherwise annoying re- speo tablo fomalos by their Turqniniati overtures, whioh wore too plain to, .bo misunderstood.' One of tho mob, on being soarohed in tho look up, was- found to have oono aled inside his shirt two heavy pieoos of bluo. metal, and from tbo oondaot of theso tablo gontlomon, and tho faoo of the unfortunate Chinaman whom they assaulted, it Ib plain that tbo'Tipperdryolomont exists, in - other .piaoes . besides Ireland. ' The polioo aro plaood in a vory awkward and unploasnnt position with rospeot to thotr trout- mont of theso Islanders, as was s on by a late trial, at i which tho polioomnn, for using his baton upon ono of tho blaok fraternity in d street Borimmnge, was mado amonablo to tbo law. Oonsoquontly the force, very naturally, aro afraid to make use of tho moans supplied thom for solf-dofonco or carrying out thoir duties, and fieht shv of tho localities, narti- cnlarly on Saturday nights, whoro tho Kanakas mostly congregate. If a policoman find it noooBSary to arrest ono of thom his companions - immediately oomo to his halp' and rosouo him, tho policoman being utterly powerless to proven t it. The evil is a groat ono and roquiroB prompt and sharp measuros to ropross it. KnotB of those drunkon savages may bo soon on uny Saturday night congregated round tho prinoi pal draper's shops, watching tho women as thoy como out with their purohosos, and by their gestures and mannar annoying thom not a littlo. On such ooaasionB, although tho oonduot of thoBO follows admits of' no misoonstrnction, thoy are not aotaally oommitting a broach of tho law, aud thoroforo oan soaroely be inter fered with ; but wo aortainly think that tho oonstablos can order thom " to mqva on," as is dono in town thoroughfares at homo to people who blook up tho footpaths. It's only a faroe looking up or fining snob radians, thoy should bo made to fool tho whito, man's powor, and the poliooi should bo authorised to uso thoir staffs with offoot. It is quite timo that tho the maudlin rot 'about tho poor, ignorant savago should be doho; away with, and a littlo mora consideration shown by tlio authorities for tho ' protection of the townspeople and publio gonoroliy. Election Dodoes. — A abort timo before Mr. Mqorosaan's olootion, a nnmbor of ihou wore omployod by tho proBont Govornmont, at tho honorable GontlomonV(?) suggestion, to pre pare somo motai; in othor words to break stones on tho roads at Townsville at high wages ; . but unfortunately, Mr. Maorossan forgot to provide thom with any hammors to do the work, Tho mou wero disohargod after he was returned. . Strange isn't it ? but true, nevertheless I O. Qi G. and F. Society.— Wo notiho by advbrtisomont that tho monoy prizos 'of the above 'Sooibty will be paid by tho Treasurer, Mr. P. Egan, of Allcnstown, on and after Thursday tho 5th instant ; and that tho certifi cates of merit will be rcgdy for delivory on i application to the Sorotary, Mr. J. O'Shanosy, on and after tbo 15th instant. , Heavy . Weathbu ax Sydney.— The Sydney Morning Herald of Saturday says " Tho tempestuous weather ebntinuos .all .along tlio ooast, as well as in tho motropolia. It is many months siuoo tho oity has beou visited by suoii a heavy fall of rain as has desocudod dnring tho past two days. Yostorday tho wind was leBS violent thnn on Thursday, a fow hours in tho 'middle part of tho day tho rain held off. As ovouing set iu liowovor, tliiok clouds again came up from tho Eouth-oast, and ovory now and then tho rain .desccndod in torrents. Throughout tho night tbo rain squalls con tinued. Tho total amount of rain whioh fell on Thursday wub 3'3 inchos. On Thursday night, at tho height of tho storm, the Bridge- Btreet sower, os usual on suoh oooasions, burst upwards, nnd a good deal of damage was dono to tho roadway. Yostorday morning the six- feet sewer in Wattle-street, wbioh runs into Blaokwattlo Swamp, was burst opon by tho rush of water, and thoagh no groat damag'o to private property was oooasioned by tho aaoi dont, tho road was greatly out up aud tlio wator ran into some of tho liousos in tho yioinity. , Tho benofits oonfarred on tho oity. by the h'oavy downpour greatly outwoigh tho amount of. damage done. Tho filth, dust, and dobris of tho stroots whioh liaB boon accumu lating for months in the oity, to tho great couoorn of: tho Health Sooiety, and of ovory one elso bnt tho oity aldormon, has beou all washed away into tho harbonr, and from an aldermanio point oi view, liaB boon as satisfactorily sottlod as woro Mr. Mioawbor's debts. Tho sewors havo boon flushed aud oloaussd .far bettor than they oould liavo boon by any other moons. Tboudlb in New Zealand.— Matters on tho wost ooast of tho North Island, are assuming an nlarming aspoot. Tho nativos noting undor orderB from To Whiti, oommonaod on Satur day to plough up tho land of some of tho settlors in tho neighbourhood of Now Ply mouth, with tho object of taking possession. At tho same time other settlors wore warnod to irive un thoir holdincs. Tho antborition held ' a mooting, at which it was deoidod to ask the ' Government to afford the settlors immediate protection. The attitude taken up by tho Maoris is oroatitig a vory unonsy feeling throughout tbo distriot. Mr. Siioobau, the Native Minister, is unable to loava Waitoto in oonscqucuco of nil attack of illnoss. ' Sir Goorge Groy has returnod to tho oapitnl. — Telegraph, The MuRDEnEBS.— Kathorino Wobstor, tho servant and supposed murderess of Mrs. Thomas, hns boon taken nt Ennisoorthy, in Ireland. I am not sure that I mentionod this tragedy, .whioh bad about it oiroamslancoB of pooniinr horror. Mrs. Thomas had boon killed iu hor house at'Riohmond, and thon ovidontly boiled iu a largo 'washing boiler, uud lior re mains oarriod in a box to Hammorsmitli bridgo by tho woman, who is now in oustody, who paid a boy sixponoo to assist lior to oatry the box. Tho prisoner is dosoribod as a big powerful woman, aud should sho bo found guilty it is not improbablo that hor Majesty's objootion to tbo oxtromo ponalty boing inflicted on a woman may bo ovoroomo. — Courier, Stbonq Dbink. — Sir Jamos Pagofc, wbiio of course regarding intomporaiiQO with ablior- ronoo, holds that modoration iu tho uso of what aro oallod " strong drinks" is bottor than total abstinonoo. " As to working powor whother bodily or montal," ho observes, " there oan bo no question that tho ndvantago is on the sido of thoso who use alcoholic bov6ragcs." Ho appears to think that it oonduoos ovon to Iongovity ; and ho is olear iu his oonoluBiou " Wost against East, North against South, tho heirs of tho modorato drinkers aro bottor man in form of body and miud than uro tho heirs of abstainers.". Giuoket.— Wo (JHeWourne Telegraph) are . informed that Mr. Boylo, of tho into Australian :ariokoting'bl«von, has oommonood negotiations | for bringing to Viotorin, during tho Exbibl- , tlon year, a flrst-olanB English loom of j arlokotors. ' Mr. Boylo intends himsolf going j homo to soloot tho mon, nnd he has dotorminod thnt thoy shnll all ho professionals, and tho vory boat that liberal terms oan induco to mako | sho trip. Tho patronago and countenance of | tho orioket associations of Viotorin nnd Now i 3ontli Wnloa havo ulroadv boon obtained. 