THIS lJlSNOICiO ADVERTISER (ruuuHin.'D D-UPY ) riuwr-Esjiio:., ocr. incurs, and que EEoOtrBWa. SANDHURST. WEDNESDAY, A.PL. 0, 1879. Ckovded Oct.—In consequence of pressure on our space we are obliged to hold over our leading matter, together with aomo letters from correspondents. Good Friday.—In accordance with our usual custom there will be no publioation of this journal on Good Friday. The offics will be closed on Friday until sis o'clock p.m., after which hour advertisements for Saturday's issue will be received as usual. i-XHiBirsoh" Exct"F-i: .'-." T:"_i.ixs.—A deputa tion. consisting of tue Mayor (Mr. D. C. Sterry} n:M Messrs. M 'Intyre s'.ui Ci.irk, Ms.L. A.. will :» -ur.v wni; oa the Commissioner of Railways tV.r the purpose «( arranging for the muning of sv-ecial trains from Melbourne aud other parts oi the colony to Sandhurst, to enable persons at a distance to visit the exhibition. Awucatiox toe Stay of Execution".—Tn the County Court yesterday, in .the case of the Sandhurst Benefit Building.Society v.. JJdaney, on appeal from a decision of Judge Bindon, Mr. Hughes applied for a stay of execution, pending theappeal of the defendant." It will be recol lected - that this case wis heard before . Judge Bmdon in October last, who deferred judgment to consider some laiv points raised by defendant's counsel. In November the judge stated he had the? judgment prepared, but deferred giving it in. consequence cftlie absence in Melbourne of Mr.- Helm, counsel for the plaintiffs. In the course ot some casual remarks which he made. His; Honor indicated that lie desired plaintiffs' counsel to be present at'the delivery of the judgment^ as his decision in the ca«e might have an importantLbearing on the position of buildiug societies and their shareholders. From the general tenor of His Honor's remarks it was inferred,that his .decision .would be in favor of , the defenclah^'andsomesurpnse wasmanifested oil Wednesday last when it was known that Judge Bindou's written judgment^ delivered by Judge Leech, was in favor of the plaintiff society. The application for stay of execution wasgnanted, as notice of appeal liacl been given and the monev lodged. The Weather.—Early -yesterday morning rain'again commenced to fall and continued with little cessation till nearly . noon;', during which time the ground received a ; partial soaking.^ Although at times the rain camedown very" heavily, however, the parched earth absorbed the moisture as quickly as iif fell,'and its effects were scarcely apparent in the dams and creeks. After twelve o'clock the weather cleared up a bit, and: the sun shone out brightly, during the aftemoin. The'effect of the sun's'rays on the moist ground was to. cause a thick mist to rise after dark, which almost "attained the'density of a fog. Although the sky was clear and com paratively cloudless during the greater part of the night, banks of clouds were still to be seen on. the horizon, and as the wind maintains its easterly direction more rain-may be expected. Oar; correspondent at Iuglewood states that heavy rain fell- there yesterday morning. and more was expected. In-the Kerang district, our'travelling reporter informs, us, a very heavy and most welcome-^ fall* has- occurred. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph .and s Os/3, .£?all • Mall, as follows:^? = a.m., 63°;; noon, :(55s; , 3 p.m., 72s: 6 p.m.,i 66i'; maximum," Ti"; "minimum, Cl°. The barometer at9 a.m. registered 29"400; 6 p.m.. '29'340. Presentation to Mr. Ci. IIinseix.—At the usual monthly Tiieetiiig of the' Board of .Manage-* meat of theBendigo Benevolent Asylum, held last evening, the sub-committee-appointed to have' a "certificate of life-goverueraliip illumi nated for presentation to Mr. Geo. Lausell, brought - up - the same. It consists - of an elegantly-gilt frame, .enclosed in., which is the certificate, and in the centre*is a, well-esecnted painting of the Benevolent Asylum building, showing the grounds, lodge, etc. Above this are the words, " Certificate of life-governorship to Geo. Lausell, Esq.;" and underneath the picture, "In grateful acknowledgment of his muiiiceaiii liberality to this institution, and the cause of oikittty m general. ' Iho whole is sur rounded a'ith a splendid border, iu which tha artist has displayed great taste in the harmony of his colors. It is one of the handsomest pieces oi work of its kind that ire have seen, and reflects very great credit on the skill and taste of Mr. L, Lang, of Pcahrau, to whom it was entrusted. It was decided that the certi ficate shouh! he presented to Mr. Lansell on his! return to this city from Melbourne,, by the whole of the members of the committee. Sale of Property.—The late auction mart and sale yards of Messrs. L.. Macpherson and Co., at Charing Cross, were yes terday submitted to : public eompetition' by Messrs. Holmes, White and' Co,, The, ; laud ■ has a' frontage of 70 feet to Charing Cross and G6 feet to Bath Lane, aud its depth is 229" feet. There was agood- attendance at the sale, but the price, offered did not reach the expectations oi the; owner (Mr.. S.' Dodgson) and the! property : Was . therefore withdrawn. The •highest bid made was £2,700, or at the rate of about £3S 10s. per foot of frontage. The reserve pricej we understand,'was £4,200, or £60 per. •foot.: We,are informed- that: the: block , will now .be sub-divided into small lets, and sold as building sites. - .Bbsdico Total Abstdcexce Society.—The mcjlithly public < re-union of the above society was held last evening in the Temperance Hall. -There-i.was.;a large attendance' and Mr. A. Stubbs occupied, the . chair.: . The chairman opened t the proceedings with a; brief address. Mr, Georgs .Harrison, of Huutly, then favored tl\e aWlienca withsome well rendered selections on tlie concertina. Some vocal piece3 were next 'gireri By Miss Alice Dober and Master Buchan. 'A- dialogue. _entitled '' Mary'a treat to her fcn.hinA " -was, ,.effectivelV _Tanaereu u? - rJSennuouen and-Master'Dillon. A song and ■ recitation by Master Mahafiy was followed by an address delivered by the Rev. F. J. Wilkin. In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman dilated upon the beauties of nature aud art'on view at the local industrial exhibition, and stated that the articles were all useful as edu cators to the rising youth. Referring more di rectly to the subject'of temperance, the speaker asked of what use was the pnblichouse ? Upon the question as to whether men were benefited physically, mentally, morally, or socially by the drinking customs so prevalent, a negative senti ment wss expressed, aud the answer, the speaker said, was also seen through our gaols, asylum-, Atid hospitals. A vocal selection, "Still I lot'e tlies," was nicely rendered by Miss Annie Dober. The hon. secretary of the Total Abstinence Society, Mr. J. R. Iloskins, then addressed the meeting, aud called atten tion to the necessity that existed for the rate payers to state at the next muuicipal election tiieir opiniuii as to whether or not any new publicans' licences should be issued in Decem ber next. During the evening Miss Buchau played the" aec-impanimeuts, and the Temper ance Baud, under Mr. Middleton, gave several excellent selections. The meeting was closed with the National Anthem. The Exhibition.—Iu consequence of the rather unfavorable stats ol the weather, the attendance at the exhibition yesterday was nut so good as usual, either iu the morning or evening. Several neiv exhibits have been re ceived, amongst which may be mentioned a collectiou of Wheeler and Wilson's sewing machines, exhibited by Messrs. Moore Bros, and Co. The model locomotive and traction engines were at work, and excited much admiration. We were shown a handsome photograph of the loeotno:iv« end tender, ubove which are the ' l!kenessi>s, in miniature, of the live apprentices of the PhOifjix Foundry, Ballarat, who executed the work. Monagiian's Band played several selections in their usual riuished st3'le. They will perform, tiie following this evening, iu the order stated:—''Wedding March," Mendels sohn; valse, "The Doves," Lamotte; overture, " Semiramide," liussini; vocal galop, "Lovely Isancy," Somner ; quadrille, " Invasion," Bosisio; overture, "Zampa," Ileroid; vaise, "Alliauce." Coote; "Galop de Concert," Le Maire. Faul's fountain will be shown with the limelight at 9 o'clock, and the model locomotive and traction engine will run as usual. Coor.T of Mixes.—The April sittings of the Court of Mines commenced yesterday before his Honor Acting-Judge Leech. The list of contri batories in the Kanzau Tribute Company was settled, and the case of Hanker (official assignee) V, Elhvood and wife partly heard. This is an action by the ofjioial as-iguee of the insolvent estate of John Eilwood to obtain possession of a residence area now vested iu Ellwood's wife, auil which it is contended was transferred to her with the object of defrauding Eilwood's creditors. It teems that Eiiwood registered himself for a residence area on l'Jtii October, 1S74, and on the next day transferred it to one George Graves. Oil 13th November in the same year he gave Graves, as additional security, a bill of sale to secure the repayment of the sum of £o2, and that oi) the 13th April, 1S7S, having paid nearly the whole of th^t amount back, Graves, at the request of and by direction of Eilwood, transferred the said land and premises to Ellwood's wife. The case for the plaintiff had not concluded when an adjournment was granted til! ten o'clock this morning, in consequence of the absence of Eilwood, who was wanted as a witness, and had been notified bat not sub prcned to attend. St. Peteu's Bazaar, Eagleiiawk.—The bayj-ir in connection with St, Peters Church, Eagleliawk, was again opened las: evening and fairly attended. As usual great efforts were made to dispose of the articles remaining upon the stalls, and the efforts of the ladies concerned in the undertaking were very successful. The art union will be drawn to-day in the Town Hall, Eaglehawk. 'Inn Proposed Eight Houiw' Celebration. —The members of the Eight Hours' Association in different localities having signified a desire to visit Sandhurst on the "21st instant—the anni versary of the eight hours' movement—the local branch bas decided m.on issuing a general in vitation to all members of the association to visit this city on the date named, with the ob ject of having a grand eight hours' demonstra tion. It is likely that the project will succeed very well, as the members of the association in Melbourne, Echtica, Ballarat, Geelong, and elsewhere desire to visit Sandhurst in order that they may have au opportunity of looking through the exhibition. The exhibition com mittee have interested themselves in the matter of procuring special trains from all the iinpor? taut place3 in the colony to run at excursion ratc3 on the occasion, and have succeeded ■ in arranging an interview for a deputation repre senting them with Mr. Woods, Commissioner oi Railways, The interview has been fixed for to day. Dr.o\v>-st> ik the .Muk-.ay.—The case of the lad James Staaley .i.ihssan M'Insosh, wh.' was drowned in the liiwr Murray. at ^Vhar pariHa, on Saturday la#:, the subicot OS an hiqueit, vester.iav bei.-vre Mr. Strickland, the coroner. The in lUeit was held :il the re- i sidencs of the deceased's parent?. Wiiarparilla station. From the evidence adduced, it ap peired tliai the deceased, who was eight years old, had, in company with a schoolmate, left home and proceeded down the Murray for the alleged, purpose of paiuting a boat belonging to the deceased. Ou the way the other boy, John J Sharp, fourteen years old, proposed to the de ceased to have a swim in the river. Jl'Intosh said he could not swim, bnt they both un dressed. Sharp entered the.water firsthand found it to be considerably out of his.depth. He swam across, about fifty yards, and when ou the opposite side of' the bank looked for his companion, but could not see him. He swam back aaaiu. but could find no trace of the. deceased, although his clothes were on the bank. The:lad Sharp had heard no scream or struggle. Every effort was made" to recover the ;body by over one hundred volunteers from the surround ing district, but without success, uutil a diver named Phillip George was engaged, to dive for t tlie body. He was at work all day on Sunday, and did not recover die body until 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon. It wis lying between two trees or suags in the bed of the river. The medical evidence shoved the death to have been caused by asphyxia from drowning, and a ver dict "was returned accardingly. ■KITLE matches.—In view of the forthcoming matches between the Bendigo Rifles, Engineer Corps, and St. Kilda Artillery, which have been arranged to take -place at the Back Creek Butts ou Easter Monday, it has been suggested by a number of the shooting men of " our own" that a match should take place on Good Friday be tween the "old" anr. "young shots" of the corus. As \his .match, while acting as a trial of skill between the veierans and younger mem bers, would also Serve as good practice for the Easter Monay competitors, it has been agreed to, and the following names have been selected as the respective sides:— Veterans: Bent, Dyason, Davidson, Doble, J. FI3', G. Fly, Hall, Hope, nut Snow. Young shots Adams, Beasley, Birtwistle, Brown, Dahl, Dodgson, Kirkby, Maybiu, M'Whirter, O'Brien, Richardson, and Smith. The former team will be commanded by Captain Anderson and the latter by Captain Blsckhatn, both- of the officers firing. The distances will be 400, 500, and 600 yards, and shooting will commence at one o'clock. ' If-the weather is favorable a highly interesting match may be anticipated, and !there;.is_ little doubt but there will be a good attendance of the corps and the public to "view- the efforts of our marksmen. New -Insolvent.—Joseph Bell, of Sandhurst, publican. . liabilities, £1,0S4 2s. -id.; assets, £1,367 15s. pd.; surplus, £"2So los. Id. Causes —Losses in business in the Albert Hotel. Attorney, Mr.'; J. W. Rymer; assignee, Mr. John Hasker. Meeting under section 53, ou Friday, lSthinat.. at 11.30 a.m. -SERIOUS AccidbXT.—We stated in yesterday's issue, that a lad, aged 12 years, named JanicS Matthews, residing in ,Long Gully, had been admitted into the hospital on the previous even ing sulferiug from a scalp wound and fractured skull, and that the injuries had been caused through the boy falling down a shaft. It ap pears, however, that ou Monday afternoon. about 4 o'clock, the lad, in company with another boy namei-V Christopher Mohr, had been playing «beat the shaft ef tha old Royal Oak Company, ou the maiu fiaglehawk road, just beyoud ling Gully. This claim has not been at work for a considerable time past, and the poppet-heads over the shaft are enclosed in a weatherboard building. At one end near the mouth of , the shift and facing ; the road is a wooden trough,^ which had been used for carry ing off the water when the claim was at work. Young Matthews had climbed to the top of the framework of the poppet heads, and appears to have been leaning agunst one of the rafters for support when the piece of timber gave way, and he was precipitated to the ground, a distance of about 20 feet. The boy dropped on the top of his head, ,aiid sustained the severe injuries pre viously mentioned. After falling to the ground he rolled along the wooden trough until outside of the building. The mouth of the shaft, above which he was standing, was partly open, but fortunately the boy fell sideways. Had he fallen into the shaft he would undoubtedly have been;killed on the, spot. As it is the injuries lie sustained are of a very serious nature. His com panion; "Mohr, gave the alarm, and on Mr. 'Matthews, the father of the lad, proceeding to the shaft he fonnd his son insensible and bleed ing profusely from the head. He was removed to the hospital, where he is progressing as well as can be expected. , St. John's Free Presbyterian Churcii.— The soiree in connection with the above church will be held in tha Masonic Hall to-night. Tea will be served at half-past six o'clock. At eight a public meeting will be held, when addresses will be delivered by the Rev. J. Gregson, J. King, C. Anthony, VY. M 'Donald, and several other gentlemen. The Rev. T. E. Ick will tccupj o.-vn. 'pjjg choir. wilLrendetsome selections or music, and other local amateurs will' sing solos. ' Wesleyax Asxiveksary at .\LuiOh'G.—Our correspondent writes:—Our Wesleyan friends will hold the annual soiree in connection with the Wesleyan Church on Friday next, and as the committee are making great preparations to ensure success, there is every reason to believe that a large number of persons will assemble to partake of the good, things pro vided, both festive and literary. Mr. H. R. Williams, M.L.A., is to take the chair, and an efficient choir will perform some clioiea selec tions of music. The church has been pr.ovided with a new and line-toned organ. Mkchasics' IxsriTL-TE.—The monthly meet ing of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held Ust evening, as the usual meeting night falls on Easter Monday. The committee at their previous meeting sent an ofter to the School of Mines, which has been refused, and the School replied oileriug £400 instead of £1500 for their share of the improvements. The oiler \vas last night rejected by the committee and the original proposal adhered to, with a modifi cation of the term of lease to be given. A report of the proceedings will be found else where. Eastkk Fair 1S79.—A meeting of the general committee was held last evening, when there was a full attendance; Mr. G. F. Hunter iu the chair. Tenders were accepted for all the vari ous works in connection with the Fair, Mr. J. Archer being the successful tenderer. It was stated that arrangements were being made for the lighting of the Chinese lanterns. The exe cutive committed mat afterwards, when Mr. Fabian, the leader of the chorus which is to sing at tha opening 0! the Fair, reported that everything was going on favorably, and that a rehearsal would be held this afternoon at St. James's Hall. A meeting of the fire brigade captains was held, when arrangements were completed for the torchlight procession. A meeting of marshals will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, to arrange the order of tiie opening procession. The following donations are acknowledged with thanks;—Mr. M. Samuel, £2 2s.; Mr. \Y. Gittens, 10s.; Mr. G. \Y. Yibert, 10s.; Mr. Cannichael, 10s.; l'aveus wood station, 21s.; and sundry donations amounting to 7s. Cd.; a paper machC- inkstand from Messrs. Joseph and Co., and two German concertinas from Messrs. Moody and Co, Court op Insolvency.—His Honor Acting Judge Leech presided in the Court of Insol vency and disposed of all the business yester day, which was not of an important nature. A couple of cases, however, created some little legal argument. The first was on tho examina tion meeting of Raymond Huff, iu which Mr. \Yrixou appeared for the insolvent, and Mr. Helm for the oliicial assignee. The latter gentleman requested his Honor to take depositions in writ ing, iu accordance with the provisions of tha 10th section of the Insolvency Act, or to order tl.e chief clerk or some other qualified person to do so. His Honor declined to take the deposi tions himself, or to order the chief clerk or any othsr person to do so, unless Mr. Helm paid for the v.ork or guaranteed payment. This Mr. Helm was unable to do, as the assets iu the estate are nil, and he then applied pro forma for this to be done, and his Honor, of course, again declined, btjt too!; r, note of the request. Iu the other case, it was on tha examination meet ing of Samuel Gr^y. Mr. Helm, who appeared to oppose, was proceeding with the case wheu the chief clerk stated that it was a special meet ing- of the creditors for insolvent's examination, ami the lee, i'l, had not been paid. This led to a discussion, Mr. Helm contending that it was not a special meeting for examination, and therefore the fee had no right to be paid, and requested his Honor to order the ease to be set down for hearing. His Honor pointed out that it was the practice of the. permanent judge to follow the course adopted by the chief clerk, who acted under his directions, and therefore he (Judge Leech), although he agreed with Mr. Helm, and thought ho could order the case to be set down, would not interfere with the practice of Judge Binaon. It theu transpired that the chief clerk had put the case on the list, and merely reported that the fee had not been paid, upon which Mr. Helm desired to proceed, but hi = Honor held that as Judge Biudou would not allow the case to go on without the fee being paid, he would adhere to. ht3 practice. Mr. Helm dclined to pay the fee, and the case was adjourned until ueit court. False Pkkte.vces.—The man John Dillon, who was committed for trial on Monday 011 a charge of false pretences, was yesterday also committed for trial at the Assize Court on the loth May next, for obtaining money and goods from Mr. J. Lewis, Pall Mall, by means of valueless cheques. A similar charge for at tempting to defraud Mary Kogati, of the Odd fellows' Hotel, was dismissed, and another charge of obtaining £2 by means of a valueless cbetjue from Mr, B. Sawcrsj was withdrawn. Tus Kelly Gaxg.—A sensations! rumor was promulgate*! in Sandhurst Yesterday evening to tlie effect that an encounter hid taken place between i\w Kelly gv.ig .u:d the polio?, in which a nnmlvr ul the tatter had been killed sne several e:!n-rs wounded. The scene of the reported eonnict was vaguely s*>t- down as being *• a considerable distance from Sydney.'* \ ery little credence was attached to this minor, which appears to have been ntterlv unfounded. Our -Melbourne correspondent, writing last night, says:—" The polios in Melbourne have received no information tending to confirm a rumor of the capture of the Ivefiys, which was circulated to-day, anil the probability is as before that there id nothing in it,"' The Mixing Industry.— Mr. Richards, a member of the Ballarat Mining Board, has given notice of motion to the effect- that Parliament be requested to place £100,000 011 the estimates to assist aud encourage the mining industry. KaolkuaWK: PoLice Couia\—The Mayor (Mr. Trumble}, and Mr. Audeisou, ,1s. I1., were on the bunch yesterday at the aiuivo com:. A decrepit old man, said to be Oil years uf age, was charged with having no lawful means of support. He was discharged, the mayor re marking that he would recommend his admission to the Benevolent Asylum. In the two follow ing debt cases orders were given for the amounts claimed, with 5s. costs in each case : —llagger v. Perossi, Koods £2 4s. Si., Lane v. BamforJ, goods £12 10s. od. The Diamond Dkii.l.—The directors of the Great Southern Company have forwarded to the Mining department the following proposition for the further working of the diamond drill on their lease. First they stiuulate that the department shall put down a fresh bore to a death, of the old. one (440::.), at about '25 it. further east, the company finding firewood only, ami after that the company agree to pay £20 for every 100ft. bored. We understand the depart ment are also in treaty with the G. G. Consoli dated Company. LaKD Tax Appeals.—The Land Tax Com missioners heard an appeal on Monday, by llessrs. Win. Wragge, John Hearn and James Hearu, against the classification of 17,409 acres of land, known as the Eestdown estate, in the counties of Beudigo and Rodney, placed in the second class. Mr. Walsh appeared for the Crown, and Mr. ICerferd for the appellants. The appellants' evidence was that the carrying capacity of the land had been greatly over estimated, and that it was periodically liable to heavy floods. Dr. Dobsou appeared for the appellants. The commissioners reserved their decision. Evidence was heard in She appeal of Mr. Chas. Wilson against the classification in the third class of 39.37S acres in the county of Bcndigo. Kobtiiurk Co CP-Si no. Club.—We remind owners of greyhounds that nominations for the opening meeting of the Northern Conrsing Club, which commences at Runnymede on the 16th instant, must be made to the hou. secretary. Mr. Andrew Scott, Scott's Hotel, Elmore, this even ing. The stakes to be run for are—The Northern Stakes, for 16 all ages; and the Burnewang Pappy Stakes, for 16 puppies. " Old " Besdigo.—The following paragraph, which we clip from yesterday's Aiyus, suggests an interesting exhibit which possibly might be obtained for the local exhibition :—" \V« have been shown a sketch of old Bjndigo, taken by the late S. T. Gill, in pencil, and pen-and-ink, in 1S52. It is undoubtedly a great curicvity, as it shows not only the place, but, approximately, \- the portraits of geullameii then famous ou the . newly broken oat go'.d-tioid — notably Mr. i Panton, the then commissioner. The picture is in the possession of a gentleman in this city, ■ and ought to be worth money as a touvenir of the old time of the colony of Victoria." Traffic Retcp.ns.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns, tor the week ended 3rd April, show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,070, as against 9G7 in the corres ponding period of 1S7S:—Ivo. of passsugers— 1S7S, 132,279; 1S79, 123,294. Total returns for week ended 3rd April, £24,793 15s. 7d.; for corresponding period, 1S7S, £23,817 4s. 6d. Ag gregate to date from 1st Julv, £953,416 6s. lid.; for corresponding week in 1S7S, £930.204 lis. 10d. Weekly average (39 -weeks)—1S79, JE23.S35 Ss. 2d.; 1S7S, £237257 7s. 3d. BANK .holiday.—I'uesduy, the 15th instant, has been proclaimed a bank holiday at Sand hurst, Eaglehawk, aud Colac. Exhibition Chorcs.—The committee of the exhibition, by advertisement, request; the ladies and gentlemen forming the chorus to meet in tiie Police Court Chambers this evening for the purpose ot rehearsing the sacred music to be performed on Good Friday evening. Testimonial to Mr. Helm.—An adjourned meeting of tiie committee, in connection with the above, was held on Monday evening. The name-? of those who had signified their intention to subscribe wore handed in, and the lion, secretary was requested to insert an advertise ment in the local papers, requesting those who might wish to have their names added to the list to forward their subscriptions to Mr. Crabbe on or before the '21st instant. The list will be closed on the date mentioned, and a meeting of all the subscribers will then be held, at which -the.form of f.lu> u-ili b.-> 1.^.1 Concert at (jOlpen-squaue.—A grand vocal and instrumental concert will take place this evening in the Foresters' Hal!. Golden-square, under the patronage of Court Pride of the Forest,. A.O.F., for the purpose of forming a benevolent fund in connection with the above court. The programme includes the names of several well known amateur vocalists, and after the concert dancing will be indulged in. Wesleyan Sabbath School Picnic.—On Good Friday the scholars attending the Sabbath school in connection with the Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, will hold a grand picnic at the Epsom Racecourse, at which provision will be made for visitors. Racing.—A match has been arrauged to come oiT to-day on tiie Epsom Racecourse, once round, between Mr. P. Smith's horse Dan O'Oonnell, and Mr. G. Dtiulop's horse Friendless, for £lt) D'Ar.cv Rkad's Ghost.—On Good Friday evening a sacred entertainment will be given in tlie Masonic H-.U! by IV Are v Read's Ghost Com pany, 011 which occasion, the scripture history of " Joseph and his brethren " will be illustrated with tableaux, visions, and music, and an expla natory lecture will be delivered bv Mr. D'Arcy Head. Ifkactured Arm. — A girl named . Sarah Clayton, fourteen years of age, who resides at L'ichardt, was brought to the Bcmdigo Hospital , last evening, and treated for a fracture of the forearm, which she had sustained through ; falling off a wet log. Death in" the Hospital.—A resident of Inglewood, named William Shepherd, aged sixty-four years, who was admitted t-o the Bendigo Hospital cm the 10th Marcii, died there yesterday from c3ncer of the bladder. EXCURSION TO REDBANK. --Arrangements have been made for an excursion from Sand- hurst to Redbank, New South Wales, for the benefit of the Echuca Mechanics' Institute, on Good Friday. Visitors will leave Sandhurst at 4:45 a.m., and Echuca at 8:30 a.m., the fare from the latter place to Redbank and back, being fixed at the low figure of 3s. 6d. each person. Redbank is on the Gulpha Creek, and in addition to the pleasure of a visit to New South Wales, across the Murray Bridge, there is good fishing and shooting in the vicinity. Agriculture is the North-East. — The Minister of Lands (the Aqt says) has returned to town, after making a short tour through the North-eastern districts. He left Melbourne on Thursday last, and on Friday visited the ex perimental farm near Dookie. He examined into all the details of the establishment, and found that it was in a highly satisfactory con dition, the gentleman in charge evidently taking great interest in its sueces3. From thenco Mr. Longmore proceeded to Shepparton. The country he found to be suffering from drought, and it was difficult' to see on what the cattle and sheep existed. From Shepparton lie went ten miles further on to Mooroopna and Murchison, and from thence to Avenel. In all these districts he found drought prevailing, grass being scarce. He also observed that in consequence of the dry weather not more than 1 per cent, of the land that had been under culti vation last year had been ploughed for next year, and was forced to the conclusion that if rain did not soon fall in the district permanent injury would be done, as the season is fast passing for l;ch,hi^ me crop m. Another matter that Mr. Longmore specially noticed was the bad quality of the water throughout the district. Moat of it was stagnant, and perfectly green with decayed vegetable matter, and coasequently must be unwholesome for drinking purposes. To-day (Tuesday) Mr. Louginore will proceed to Water loo, on the Gippsland line, where he will open a new mechanics' institute, and afterwards drive over tlie district, with a view to examining into the state of the country and the progress of settlement. On Wednesday he will visit Castle maine, and on Easter Monday will start on a tour through the Upper Murray district, for the purpose of dealing with various complaints an 1 other matters that have recently been brought under his notice iu connection with that part of the country. A carpenter named W. F. Cook was found dea.i in bis house at Ballarat on Monday. De cease I wai to have been married at Christmas, but the engagement was broken off by the young lady, and Cook has since been very despondent. The evidence at the inquest proved that death iiad resulted from atrychuiue poisoning. Tiik Land Tax.—Tiie land tax realised in the iirst twelve months of its imposition the gross sum of £155,000. That amount will be reduced by the appeals that ha^e been, and others that will in all likelihood bj allowed, to the extent of £25,000. This will leave (the Agt aavs) £130,000, a sum that will be further reduced by £20,009 for law costs, and £10,000 for a.dminis tration. Tiins there will be only a net income of £100,000 from the land tax for the first year, just half the amount originally estimated as the income front the ijew on freehold-laud. 