RTTBENSTEIN'S PIANO PLATING. JUD BR0"v7IN'S DESCBIPTÏON THEEEOF. "Jun they say you heard Hubenstein play when you were in New Torfe. Well, tell us about it." "What, me? J might's; well tell yon about the creation of tho world." " Come,' now ; no mock modesty. Go ahead;" 1 ä "Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest,. cattycorneredest planner yon ever laid eyes' on. Somethin* like a dis- tracted billiard table on three legs. The lil was h'isted, and'mighty well it was. Ii it hadn't been, he'd a-torn the intire inside clean ont, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." ' "Played well, did he?" ' . ' " You bet he did ; but don't interrupt me. When be .first set .down he 'pèared ' to keér mighty little 'bout play, and wisht ha hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on- the treble, and twoodle-oodle le: oodle'd some on the bass ; just foolin' and boxiu' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way, .And I Bays to a man sittin' next to me, s' l, what sort of a fool playin'is thatP And he says ' Hee'sh 1' But presently bis bands commenced cbasin' one 'notber up rind down the keys, like a passel of rate eoamperin' through a garret very Bwift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded' one of a sugar squirrel turning the. wheel of a oandy cage. , . ; ; "'Now,'I says to my neighbour, ' he's showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it. bub he ain't got no idee, no plan ot nothin'. If he'd play me.upa tune of Borne kind or other, I'd-' " But my neighbour says 1 Hee'sh 1' very: impertinent,' . 'M was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, whenl heard ; a little : bird waking up away i off in the woods, and calling - sleepy-like to his .mate, and I looked up and I see Buben was be- ginnin' to take some interest in.his'busi 'ness, and-1 set down again. It waa tho ipeep o' day.: The light come faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh j some more birds waked up in tho orchard, then Borne moro in tho trees near .the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, 'and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first boam of tho sun fell upon the blossoms, a little more and it techt tho roses on tho bushes, and the next thing it was broad day ; the sun fairly b*lazod, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats ; all tho loaves -was movin' and flashin' diamons of dew, and the -whole wide world -was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to mo like there was a breakfast in every house in tho land, and not a sick child or a woman anywhere. It Was a fine" morhin.'. And I says,to,my. neighbour, ' that's music, that is.' 1 "But ho ghir'd at me like ho'd like to cut my throat.' " Presently tho,wind turned j it begun to thicken-up, and a kind of grey mist como over things ; .1 got low-spirited d'rectly.. Then a silver" rain began to fall. I could seo . the ,drops touch tho ground;' some flashed up' like long pearl earrings, and tho rest rolled away like, round rubies. It was' pretty, but melancholy.''Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then, .thoy molted into thin silvor streams running "between golden gravels," and then tho streams joined eàoh other at tho bottom, and mad] a brook that . fiowod silent except that you could kinder BCO tho music, 'specially whoa tho musicjwpnt .along down tho volloy. I could smell' tho flowers in the moadow. But tho sun didn't shine, nor the. bird? sins;; it was a foggy day, but not cold. Tho most curious thing ¡was tho little whito angel hoy, like you see in pictures, that ran ahead of the music brook, and led it on, away out of tho world, whero no man ovor was-I never was/certain; I could seo that just as plain as I see you., Thou tho moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on tho grave- yards, whore some few ghosts lifted thoir hands and went over tho wall, arid between tho black sharp-top trfeos splendid marble houses'rose up, with fine ladiesin tko.litiup ¡Windows, and mon that' loved 'om; but .could' never got ánigh''em; and played on guitars undor tho trees, and made' mo 'that ¡misorable'I oould a-criod, because I wanted jto love somebody, I don't know who, better ¡than tho men with tho guitars did, Then , the, sun wont down, It got dark. Tho -wind moaned and wept like a lost child for lits dead mother, .arid I could a-got up thon land 'there and preached a better sprmon Ithan.ahy,' I eyer listened to. Thoro wasn't ja thing, in tho world left to[ liva, for, not rv ?blame- thing«, and yót ,1 didn't -want ¡the ! musio~to [stop . one "bit,, ¡ It wits, happier to ¡be ¡miserable than,to,be happy without ibeing miserable- couldn't understand it. |l. hiing my head and pulled out.my,band ¡korchief and blowed my.noso loud to. keep ¡from cryin'. My eyes is, weak anyway. I j didn' t want any body to bo" a-gazin' at me ia-snivilint, and it's nobody's business what j I do with my nose. It's mino. But some ¡ several ¡ glared. at me, mad as Tuoker. i Then, all of n-sudden, old Beuben ohariged i his tune. Ho ripped and ho rar'd, he tipped 'land ta'rd, he pranced and he charged liko ! the grand entry at a circus. Peered to ma j that all tho gas in tho house was turned on ¡at once, things got so bright, arid I, hilt "up I my head, ready to look any man in the faco, I'ond not'afeáred'Of nothin'. > lit wasaieircns ¡and á brass band, and < a big ball, all.góin*' i on: at the samo rtime. Ho lit into them kays'.likoa thousand of brick; ho giv'em Ijno rest day or night; he sot every liven I : joint in mo.agoln', and hot bein' able'to \ stand it rio longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my ¡ seat, and just hollered, * Go it, my Bube ! ' "Every blamed man, woman ¡and child ¡in the 'house stared 'at ino, and shouted, !' Put him out I put him out I' 'Put your j groafc-grarid-mothor's grizzly, grey, green- ish cat into the middle of next month 1 ' I ¡says, rTetoh mo if you dare 1 I.paid my ¡ monoy, and you; juBt come a-nigh nie." ' " " With that some eoveral p'iioëmen mn ¡op, and' I had to'siramor down. ' BntI j would a fit any fool that laid hands on me, I for I'was bound to hear Buby out or die. : He had' changed his time agin. He hbpt, , like ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to eend of the key board. He played soft and low arid solemn. I hoard tho - ohuroh bells over tho hills. The candles in heaven was lit'one- by ono:; I saw the stars riso'; the greater organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's 'end, and all the- angels- went to-prayers. Then the muslo ohariged to water, fall of feelln'that couldn't bo thought, and began to drop; drip,drop, drip, drop, olear arid sweet like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory.; 'It waa Rwoeter than that, lt was BB aweot as a sweetheart sweetenin'. sweetness with white sugar, mixt with powdered eilvor and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell yori tho audienoe cheered. Bubon be kindor bowed, like he wanted to say, ' Maohiobleeged,-but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt me.' ? Ho stopped n minute or two to fotoh breath. Then ho gat " mad ; he run his ; Angora through his hair, he shoved np hts sleovos, be oponod his coat-tulls a loetlo furthor, bo drug up his stool, ho loaned ' over, and, slr, he just went for that old planner. . He Blappo'd her faco, ho boxed her jaws, he, pullod hor.noBe, ho pinched her ; : ears and Boratohed her chocks till Bho fairly I ' yelled. He knookod her down and stamped ' on her shameful. Sho hollowed; liko a bull,' 1 she bleated,.like a oalf, Bho howled Uko a< \ hound, she sqnealod Uko a pig, sho shrlokod' like a'rat, and then ho wouldn't lot bér up,! ' He, zan a quarter stretoh down tho lo wi grounds ofthe ba>B; till ho got cloan into the1 ' bowels ottbe'.eartb.-aud youlïeard thunder ¿altopin'^aíter;'thunder1 tbron^h the hollows and eaves of perdition ; and' then he foi oilseed his right -hand 'with his left, till bo got way ont oï thettreble" Into .ihe clouds, »bar tba notèk^were fl uer; than tbé*pDinta of oatnbrio needles, and -.you Njonldn't hear nothin' bnt the shadders of 'emXjlnd then be 1 wonldn't let the old pianner go. Bs for'ard-twod, he oros't over first gentleman, oreB't over first lady ; he balanced to parda;, be ohassade right-left, baolc to plaoes ; he all hands'd aronn' ; ladies to the right ; promenade all, in and ont, hera, and there, oack and forth, np and down, perpetual motion doable and twisted and tied dowr, and turned and tacked and tangled into forty» 'leven thousand mixtery. ' And then ho would'nt let the old pianner go. Ho ietobt ap his right' wing ; lie fetoht np his left wing ; be fetoht up bis oentres; be fetoht up his re- serves. He fired by files, he fired by plat- oons, by company,, by regiments. and* by brigades: He opened his eaonon; siege guns down thaT-Napoleons heré, twelve-pbundeis yonder, big guns, - little guns,' middle-BÍEed guns, round- shot, «bells, grapnels, , grápe^ canister,. mortars, mines ' and magazines,, every livin* battery abd' bomb agoin' at the same time: Tho boase trembled, the light danced, .the walls shuk, the- floor come np;' tho- ceilin'.oome' down, the sky splitófiie ground roekt, heavens ' and earth, tion, sweet - pbtatoeB.' MoseB,- riineperfc^ll glory, tenpenny1 inails,' i mjr -Mary^Ajal ballelojah1,' Samson' 'in . a 'simmons ' tríe . JeroOBarmi'Tramp Thompson in a tumble^ cart roodlê-oodle-oodle-oodlo:ôodle-r'u'ddle uddle- uddlo-uddle- raddle-addle-addle-ad« dle-addle-TÍddlé;-íddle - iddle - reetle- éetle eeUe-eetle-eetle-eetlB.p^rVr-r-r.láng r-r-lang ! pèr.lang 1 p'er lang t ¿-'r-r-r-r-r-ií-r« langl.BAUöl,- '"- ..... '?' '-) .--«?....:»*> ís-»* o3 ''.'."»Jltlx'thá't'.íany/ -;h'eu:bfted.;hîmBfel( bodily Into the'air,'and he come down'wita hts knees, his ten fingers, his ten tbéi^Üis elbows, and his nose, striking every.singje, solitary peg on that pianner at the"same time. The thing bu-ted and went off into seventeen hundred and' fifty-seven, five hundred and forty-two hemi-demi-sem quavers, and I know no mo'. When il come two I were under ground-about twenty foot, in a place they call OyBter 8ay,'trea(ing(aYx"ankoè thafcil ".never laid eyes on before,' and never expect to' agio.' Day was' i-breakin' by'the time I got to' the St.' Nloh'las Hotel, and I pledge you my. word I didn't kr-pw my name. The man asked me the number of my room. I told . Klmîj ' '^o'';in.ûiw'LÔnCf'w half.théll, for ¡twoJ" I , pointedly did.-Uefroif Free Preis. ??? . =-'- * '; ?.?io.-a:. THEBK Uvea-in--, Kentucky, a clover gentleman and an excellent lawyer aa well, Judgo D--. This gentleman,' Waa intimate with an old gem luman, Governor R--, living .,in an adjacent oounty. S Governor E,--waa and is (for I believe he lat still living) whnt we are in the habit of calling on ¡old-time Virginia ''gentleman, of stately .' dignity. Well, the judge ?was on a visit" ab ! tho old- governor's house)-and it happened i that tho governor took bim out riding in his buggy, and that in passing along the turn-' pike they approaohed a~ toll-gate, when' the judgo, taking out his puree as if to pay the> toll, tho governor aaid,-in hia stately way, ; " I've been a long time, trying! to make i you : a gentleman, to littlo purpoae, I Bee. Yoi* ' must know, sir, that token a ?gentleman takes a gentleman oat riding, he doee not expect Mm to pay hit passage." 'Tho judge put up hia. ; pookot-book and said nothing. After a ; while they came to a gate on the governor's/ plaoe, whoa the governor stopped tho baggy tor- tho young, 'judge to get out and''open : tho gate ; but tho judge Bat still, and wa» ; silent. After a while, still waiting,.j tho governor said, '.Aboinl ahem I" waiting for tho judge to move, and then again» " Ahem ¡¿ahem I" After agood long pause, tho judgo suid, " Governor lt-, you.mustf know, air, that when a ' gentleman . takes: a gentleman out to ride, he doesn't expect him tl work hit pastage ;"? and there the judgolhad i him sure-don't you think-so.-Harper'e. .J HERÉ aro two matters pf a .theological ,naturo, ono from Texas,'the other from" , Ireland, which illustrate phases of belief -'ÍÍBT to tho ultimate destination of tho parties ti»»' ' tho dialogues.*- Tho first is of two old Texas rangera who had just helpeld) bury a neigh-? \- hour, and. were talking' about - religion,- -dud one asked tho other how pious he thought it was possible for a man to get in this world, if he were in rcul earnest. - f :"'i' ' " Wa'al," said tho other, reflectively1,;? '*I think of a man gets BO't he can swôp s eera or trade.bosses .without ly'ih', 'at he'd'oetter pull out' for tho better land aforo', ho !halj a relapso." , " >l ' <U?¿ - Tho nozt.'ia of an-Irish labourer who-wsa lying-in a ditch, very much tho worse'fop liquor. Ho was encountered by tho -priest of his parish. Very 'much shookody 'his . reverence turnod the ' drunkard over.-"who muttered, . -'Oe', " Where am i ?"/ ?". 1 - V. .> ' '."'On the rooid to hell;">'repliod'the1priost, sternly. '.- ./.'W "' .''?.?M\ > no-, .' " I thought so ."'said'Pat j " whon I'hoard Pather'Murtagh'B yoioe on the road'tOo'.'"'-'A 