Cf>e Hapmttia 3TBIDAY, APRIL 11, L879. THE EASTER HOLIDAYS. The present is a dull time of the year, and most people will be glad of a good excuse to take things easy for a few days. Of all the holidays in the year those at Easter are the most mixed. Most of our public holidays are anniversaries of local or national events, such as the foundation of the colony or the birth of the Queen, but Christmas Day, Good Friday, and Easter Monday have nominally at least a religious origin and character. This is more especially the case with the two latter, for the associations of Christmas are said to go back beyond the Christian era, and to have some thing to do with the winter solstice. By some people the original object of keeping Good Friday is observed, but it is not at all general. Even in the churches where divine service is per formed, the attendance is commonly thin, and many are not opened at all. As a general rule, both days are re garded just like any other holidays, and people feel free to do as they like and amuse themselves in the best way they can. Easter Monday is a favor ite day for Sunday-school picnics all over the colony, and much though rain is wanted, if there should happen to be a heavy downpour just now it would cause a large amount of dis appointment to tens of thousands of young people, who are eagerly looking forward to the day's pleasure. Last year we had a wet Easter, and the way in which the plans of excursionists were upset was something to be re membered. , Besides picnics, excur sions, and similar forms of enjoyment, there are cricket matches arranged for, races are also to be held in several places, and the usual caterers for pub lic amusement will do their best to secure patronage. All tastes, in fact, seem to be consulted, and if the pro gramme exhibits a considerable mix ture, it is not to be wondered at. There can be no doubt that holidays are good things if rightly used and taken in moderation. ~We were brought up to believe that " all work and no play makes Jack a dull bay." Of course it is not everybody who has earned the right to have a holiday. There are some people who never trouble themselves to put on the steam, who are very particular not to over exert themselves, and who seem to think that life is principally made up of beer and skittles. They do not deserve any holiday. Very likely they do not care for it. It is certain they cannot go in for it with the zest of one who feels it to be a welcome relief ; but as rule people in this colony work hard for their living, and-occasional intervals of relaxation are necessary to them. The steady grind, day after day, which-the struggle for existence generally involves is apt to become monotonous. Especially when the times are hard, and impose an extra amount of anxiety, is this felt to be the case. Very often the effects are not conspicuous, and the patient toil is persevered in at a cost that it is not perceived till it is too late. Many a man feels wearied and worn, but never thinks of easing off until he is obliged ; he complains perhaps of feeling out of sorts, and attributes it to the weather or some slight indisposition of body, without ever suspecting that he has been overtaxing himself; at last, to his great astonishment, he breaks down, and then discovers he has gone so far down the hill that it takes him months to pull up again, and a heavy doctor's bill into the bargain. It would have been a great deal more economical if he bad been more cautious in the beginning, and recog nized the f^ct that he was made of perishable material which it is possible to wear out, For such cases, a thorough good holiday is a great blessing, only it must be what it professes to be. It I is quite easy ta make toil out of | pleasure, and to be more, utterly jaded ! with ^ day's amusement than a week's work. Accordingly a holiday to be any good at all must be used properly. Nobody ever got any advantage from over-feeding, over-drinking, or over working himself, aad yet one or other of these things seem essential ta some pleasure-seekers; relaxation, rest, and refreshment are the thingato. be sought. Care must be thrown to the winds, and the strained bow absolutely un strung. By such means the burden will seem all the lighter when it has to. be taken up again, and strength to grapple with it renewed. "W"e wish our readers all the enjoyment and benefit from the holdavs they can possibly obtain. "Rabbit Company.—The Liquidator of this Company notifies in our advertising columns, a first dividend of five shillings in the pounds payable on and after "Wednesday the 9th instant. Water Famine.—As showing the scarcity of water in Kapunda, Mr. J. A. Bruce sold on Wednesdsy last a tank of water, contain ing scone six or seven thousand, gallons, foy £4. It will cost the purchaser at least £3 more to have it removed. VaIiEBICTOBY.—The Revs. A. "W. "Welling ton and J. H. Standrin, Primitive Methodist ministers, being about to remove from Ka punda {circuit, were entertained on Wednes day evening at tea in the chapel^ which was very fairly attended. The Recent Prize Fight.—Foley, Mace, and Thompson were arrested on Monday, by . virtue of a warrant issued by the Deniliquin Bench, chargingthem with being concerned in. the recent prize fight. They were admitted to bail in two surities of £50 each, to appear at Deniliquin on the 9th April.—Miverina Record. j The late Newcombb Swindle. — Mr. ; Liston, of Liston, Shakes, and Co., informs | us-that he refused to take Neweombe's cheque for th,e horses pi^chased from them; but 1 allowed .Newcorfthe to take the animals away on bis promising to pay cash in a day or two, as he was expecting a remittance from home, which he said would enable him to do so. Ntjriootpa ATtt.t,—This mill was burnt i to the ground on Tuesday morning. An in quest was held the next day before Mr. W. Strother, J.P., the result ef which waB that there was no evidence to show how the fire originated. The Transatlantic Insurance Company was represented by Messrs. Symon and Kingsborough. A Stutib RtmoTTB.—The other day one of our city contemporaries published a telegram from Sydney reporting a rumour that " Ned Kelly and eight policemen had been shot dead," and we notice it has been telegraphed to several of the provincial journals. There is no foundation, however, for the report. TWhtt.t.'b Creek Affray.—We under stand that the three O'Donnell's, who it will be remembered were committed from the Kapunda Court for being concerned in an assault on the police at Tothill's Creek, bail being refused, nave since obtained bail, them selves in £100 each and two surities of £100 each. Large Map.—The Kapunda Institute has now got a large and most useful map of the Southern portion of South Australia, nicely mounted and varnished and hung on rollers for the convenience of reference. The map is drawn on an extensive scale and shows the counties, hundreds, lines, of railway, main roads, &c.;, &c.; It will be found exceedingly useful, and we are sure will be largely availed \ of. I Company, Adelaide Rifles.—The fol lowing aTe the sc ires made by three of the four men who will represent this company at the forthcoming prize firing at Dry Creek, on Tuesday next, and who fired for practice at the Kapunda range on Monday last. Possible number of points that could be counted being 80.— Yards—200 400 600 800 Total, ggt. Austin... 18 18 14 13 63 Pr. Cox ... 15 17 13 6 51 Pr. Bush ... 13 18 7 12 50 Police Changes.— We understand that Trooper Quaile, who has been for some time stationed at Kapunda, is about to be removed, also that Trooper Brown, who has been in charge of Eudunda for a considerable time,, has notice of removal from that town. Both troopers have gained the esteem and Tespect of the inhabitants of their several towna by a conscientious discharge of their duties,. Trooper Ewens, late in charge of Blanche town, is we believe to have charge of Morgan, and Trooper Shaw, now in charge of Morgan, is to be transferred to Eudunda. Easteb Amusements.—Besides the at traction of the cricket matches notified else where, there will be the annual Catholic Picnic held on Easter Monday, in Mr. J. Ford's paddock, when some good prizes will be competed for. At Angaston there is to be a " grand gala day," on behalf of the Angaston Recreation Park. A long list of sports are advertised, at which we have no doubt there will be a large gathering. In the evening there will be an entertainment in the Angaston TTfl.ll Altogether there will be no lack of amusements for the holidays. North-West Bend Races.—The follow ing are the nominations for the North-West Bend Handicap *.—. Mr. Piles' Tyro. Mr. Harris's Tom Brown, Mr. Crabb's Regalia. Mr. CahiU's Countryman, Mr. Robinson's Fusilier. Mr. Aiken's Alarm. Young Tregeagle. Veby Good.—The barracoutas are giving the MacDonnell Bay boatmen'plenty of sport. On Wednesday last four boats captured fifty eight dozen of this delightful fish. Previous dayB had seen goodly captures of them. They are numerous all along the coast. Tooatchthem a fine breeze is required. The bait used is a piece of woon attached to the hook, and as the boat travels rapidly through the water, the fish eagerly swallow what is offered them; and so ravenous are they, that as one cap tured has beem hauled into the boat, annthaw lias jumped in after it.—S. 12. Star.' The Ghost," the Kbi&ys;, jusid ttto Telephone.—We are informed (says the Star) that when the report that a ghost or ghosts had been seen in the vicinity of MacDannell Bay by the brothers Carrison reached the ears of Inspector Peterswald in Adelaide, the telephone was put into use be* tween that oity and our port and a conversa-* tion took place between the Inspector and ancl the officer stationed at the Bay as t» the possi bility of one op more members of the Kelly gang being in the locality and assuming some; such disguise in order to frighten from approaching their lurking place, Teh Riyeeton Workshops.—The Biver-. ton correspondent of the Begister, wntingf under date March 31, says " The black smiths and jitters leave the. Government; workshops to-day, most of them going to the Bnrra workshop. Our workshops are to b© used to 8tore firewood in at present! ' It haa "* been stated on good authority that they wilt shortly he used as a Tailway-earriage factory* The general prosperity of the colony is shown by the feet that both here and at the Burre* 1 in spite of the closing of tTw Tryrm there and the workshops here, workmen's houses are nofc to be had in either township. Indeed, several .of the men are leaving th$ir f&jnilies; her8,.as. I. they cannot find cottages for themselves at j the Bmra^ while here there are fearer houses: j to let than there have been for % long past." Picked up»—The steamer- Imbra {says the- ■ "Register} picked up two seamen on Monday JW>rnsng on a raft of flooring boards about two miles outside tiis I4gh.th.ouse ; foc^r more, were also seen on another raft main Tig for the Gawler shore. They were supposed to belong to the ship State of Maine,, and ultimately proved, tq be deserters. The two, that were picked up landed as soon as the steamer got.' alongside the wharf and escaped. Sergeant. Sullivan sent the police boat Rescue tQ pick;, up the fo.ur afloat, bat whgn past the light house thjj crew ascertained that of the State of Maine had sent one of liia boats in pursuit of the men, who were c&p-i;' tared in a very perilous position, frons Wfhich. they were- glad to escape. The two picked up^ by the steamer Ig\hra have as. yet escaped th& vigilance exercised by the police to capture them. Cbiceet.'—It TpiU bp obsei^ed by a notice appearing in our advertising columns thatc cricket matches will be played on the ground near the Catholic Church, on Good Friday* between representatives of the' South Park and Kapunda Cricket Clubs, and on Saturday^ at the same place, between the Adfllftidfl Cen-. - trals and Kapunda Clubs. The SonihPark is an Adelaide team, occupying a foremost place among the clubs outside the senior-' Association, and the Adelaide Centrals fa one' of the rising clubs which form th© Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association, and so> far as the season has gone occupies third place on the list of that Association, so that on both days a good exhibition of true cricket ia expected, and our local players will require to. be in their best form to defeat either one of them. The committee of the local club have spared no trouble in securing a good pitchv' and have provided seats for the convenience, of visitors. We hope to. see- a large number1 of spectators present. ChjUtge in the MrsrisTEBT.—The Be vs. W. A.-Wellington and J. Strandiinwill most, probably leave Kapunda during next week. The former gentleman has occupied the posi tion of pastor to the Primatire Methodist.. Church, Kapunda, for about five years During that time he has maintained the most, kindly feelings between himself,, congregation *. and ministers and members of other deno» minations. The cricket club will lose a stanch, supporter in the person of Mr. Wellington, who has ever taken a lively interest in the. good old game. Mr. Standrin has only been; about a year in the district, as assistant to Mrv. Wellington; but during.that he. has endeared himself to all with-whom he cama in contact by his consistent and earnest life. Mr. Wellington is going to the Tongala Circuit, and will be succeeded by the 3Lev. Mr. Senior, of Woodside; Mr. Stanobrin is going to Gawler, and will be succeeded by fee Bev.. Mr. Slee, of two Wells. We are sure we are expressing the desires of our readers in -wish ing Messrs. Wellington and Standrin every success in their new spheres of labor. The Dbought.—The Areas Express of the 9th inst. writes:—" Our position is becoming1 more serious day by day, i&nd; if the drought continues much longer we shall experience all' the evils of a water famine. The weather gods require to be propitiated, and unless, they relent we shall soon be in as HiJ a posi tion as residents of Kadina and Wallaroo. We have to thank the inefficiency of the heads of the Waterworks department for the. present state of affairs, and are somewhat in, the same position as was the ancient mariner —or at least soon shall be-^-when he wrnlnjmnrt. " Water, water eveiywhere, yet not a drop to, drink." If the artesian principle- had been, tested, as suggested by Mr>. Miller afrthemeet-. ing of the Farmers''A6sociafeion some time since, in districts were the residents are numerous," and have to depend, almost entirely on artifi cial resources for their supply of the in-, dispensable fluid, instead'of sending- out Pro fessor Tate upon a veritable wild goose-chase, into the interior there would have been no. reason to dread the issue of' vtihich. we-now so* much stand in fear. Boring apparatus la. procurable in the colony, and with- triflihg ex-, pense the Government might have tested inhabited districts with some, degree, of sue-, cess. It is not now too late, and it remains to be seen whether they igili, act upon suggestion." A Wife's Rights.—An important decision, was given by the Full Court yesterday, writes the Melbourne -Age of April 3, on this power of a wife to pledge the. credit of her husbazid^ and it has caused some suppose and, cntieiBni in legal c&cljee.; The case before the Court was that of Stevens v. Sloan, an appeal from an orderof the Wangaratta Justice? directing the appellant to pay £8 odd, the price of goods sold and delivered to his wife. The «fafaTid»«ifr alleged that he had stopped his wife's credit, or at least told her not to buy anymore things in his name. This revokation of her implied authority was not, ho>wever, known to the storekeeper. The Court held that, in order to put an end to the wfe's inplied agency, it was not necessary the revocation should be known to the public.. The judgement of the Court was based on the celebrated case of Jolly v. Rees, decided in the Court of Common Pleas, in which it was held that the onus of proving agency of the wife rested on the store- keeper who sold her goods on credit. It was pointed out by Dr. Mackay, oounsel for th© plaintiff, who supported the order of the Jus tices, that in Jolly v. Rees the wife had a, tettlementj and covenanted not to pledge her husband's credit, which amounted to a notifi cation to the world of the termination of her agency. The Full Court allowed the. appeal,, and reversed the decision of the Justices^ holding that the wife's authority was revoked,, and notice was not necessaiy. This case, however, must be distinguished from the' ordinary cases where the wife pledges her hus band's credit for necessaries. The wife here did not buy necessaries, but goods for the, household and family. In the case of neces saries the law always presumes she has the. authority of^ her husband, where he- has ne-. glected to provide for her, and she has not misconducted herself. Stirling East.—A correspondent at Stir ling East 6ends the following i—The Bev. W; Senior, who has been labouring for the past two years in WooodsideCircuit, and who, at the last Prim&fcLve; Methodiet Annual Confer ence -was anointed to. Ssptinda, was on Friday last, April 5, invited to a farewell tea whichwaa held in the Weeleyan Church. ediool^Toom, kindly lent for the occasion, as being more central and ©onvenient. A large gathering from the districts around, even some from Tungkillo, graced the festive board, and the weather being mild and the. moon clear a most enjoyable evening was spent. 4t the request of many of bis friends Mr. Senior repeated his lecture on the life, character, and ■writings- of Edgar Allen Poe. The lecture was highlyinteresting and instructive, and showed the natural ability of the lecturer for the onerous task imposed upon himself; for as the Rev. Mr. Dennis, who presided, remarked it was aHjold attempt of any man to take up such a theme for a lecture. In the course of the evening the lecturer gave "The Bells," in a most charming manner, and in " The Baven," with which he closed the lecture, he kept the large congregation spell-bound whilst he executed that most exquisite, yet most pathetic, and difficult piece of elocution tuty art in a mastedymanner. Only such men as ITairclough and Ward have ever por trayed the poet's gre&t; work like the lecturer. I would recommend the good people of Ka punda to make their acquaintance with Mr. Senior, andpoBsibly they might enjoy the like treat at some fqtqre date. A hearty vote of thanks was most deservedly accorded to the lecturer; and a similar compliment was paid to the ladies for the tea, to the choir for their services in Tendering suitable selec tions for tfas occasion, and to the chairman. Thb Oavnsx Mubber.—^Detective Potter has returned t6 Sandhurst after <in unsuc cessful search fOr a clue to the murderer John Scott, who was brutually massacred his bed aboafc three weeks ago. He has, company with Detective Williams,. o£ Mel bourne, been assiduously engaged airny the murder, bjlt nothing tangible has been as certained. Scott was a small selector- near Tarnagqlla, andemployed ids spare lime herdsman. He "was ecpposed to have money, and this nmst have been the object of the murder, for the body had been dragged on to the floor, and the mattress of the bed turned over. The money was not taken/ as it was found in holea inihe floor and wall, where bad been bis habit to Beerete it. The poor fellow never used to fasten the door, so that the murderer had no difficulty in entering. His weapon must have been a pick, and it would appear that Scott' was struck first above the ear while he lay asleep, and on the top of the head as he rose up to grasp his. assailant. The best chance of the detectives' success was unfortunately frustrated by the fanner who found the body, Fotheiing ham, an old friend , of the deceased, having brought several farmers about the place, so that the footprints were confused. Moreover, sain fell at the tame, and rendered the work of tracking s still- greater difficulty. One foot print was found, and followed for a consider able distance. Its peculiarity—the right heel having a large nail in the centre, while the left had not—was some assistance, and the prints were tracked to JF£een?s farm, and past Berlin, a distarce of seven or eight miles The tracks were discovered to be those of a Chinaman, who admitted having been in the direction looking for work, but he fully satis fied the detectives of his innocence. The search has now been given up, and the murder will probably be recorded as another of those horriblp deeds which man's intelligence has been unable to avenge.—JBendigo Independent. PBrnrrrraMETHOBisTCHtrBCH, Yox&aia.; =—A correspondent from Yongala writes:— ft The. anniversary of the above Church was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, April 6 and 7." On.Sunday three excellent sermons, were preached by the Eev. A. W. Wellington (the newly-appointed minister). ' At each of the services there were large congregations: especially in the evening, when the Church was crowded. On Monday afternoon, long before tea time, people were seen flocking from all parts, and the township presented quite a lively appearance. The tea was provided, and the trays waited upon by the ladies, who discharged these important duties in first-class style. The tea, which was very numerously attended, realized the handsome cum of £1910s., which was considered to be weiy good for the season. The public meet was opened by the Bev. W. Jarrett giving out the well-known hymn ' All bail the power of Jesus' name/ and the Eev. A. W. Wellington engaging in prayer, after which Mr. W. IT. Robinson was introduced as chairman of the. meeting. The report showed that the church financially was in a healthy and flourishing condition. Tae Eev. W. Jarrett then gave a short address in which he urged upon the young the neces gity of uniting with the church, and working for the Master, and was followed by the Eev. A. W. Wellington, who delivered an excellent address on the best means of securing success in the church. The/rev. gentleman was listened to with, marked attention throughout, and the general opinion was that the right thing had been dons in securing bis services as minister of the circnit. The singing under the able leadership of Mr. Coultman, was a treat, and the choir acquitted themselves nobly. Votes of thanks to the ladies, the choir, stoker, chairman, and all who had as sisted were unanimously tendered- The singing of the doxology, and the pronouncing of the benediction brought these highly inte resting. and profitable services to a close. The proceeds from collections and donations amounted to £14 Os. 6dL, making in all the grand total of £3310s. 6d. A ITabbow Escape.-—A well-known 6ettler was driving from Condah, and on arriving at thus railway crossing, about eight miles from Hamilton, found that he was surrounded by ! gamps. To the right and left, front and near, there was nothing for it but j to apply the whipcord, and then commenced I prace for dear life. The maddened, lightened steeds dashed along at a furious Tate over the ! rough road, passed red-hot embers and burn- | ing topes, and it was not until a long distance had been traversed that the driver could con gratulate himself and the occupantB of the buggy upon being out of danger. But, if possible, fee passengers in the evening train to Portland passed through a still more faying ordeal, although it was sooner at an end. The fire was burning on both sides of the line, but no particular anxiety was felt until a monarch, of the forest was seen just ahead in full blaze.and swaying to and fro in such a manner as to indicate that it was about to fall, and in all likelihood across the line. There was no time to stop the train, and to have done so would probably have prevented the journey from being completed. The driver of the engine, quickly appreciating the perilous position in which his life and the livesof those in his care were placed deter mined—like the driver of the buggy—to make a bold dash for it. Putting on steam, he m^de the locomotive fairly jump again, and quicker probably than they were ever carried along before, the passengers went safely past the tree. The second or two occupied in doing this, however, must have appeared a life-tame to some—not that any one of them was afraid the tree would fall on his own particular carriage, but imbued with the knowledge that if it fell on the train at all there would be a general smash and loss of life, his own perhaps included. The guard's ■van bad scarcely passed the tree when it fell with a crash right across the rails. A second or two sooner, and we should have been called upon to report a fearful catastrophe. This shows the necessity of providing in future railway contract® for the removal of all trees, not only {ram the fenced-in reserve, but also for a safe distance on either side.— Hamilton Spectator. " Urdeb the Yeeanbah."—uAtticUB," writing inthe Leader under the above head ing saye:—" Adelaide was visited lately by two strangers who hailed from the land of stars and stripes, both of whom were addicted to champagne and gambling, and had big ideas. One of the. twain, who boasted of j having served in the Confederate army, was, ft is alleged, discovered dealing himself six cards at euchre, but his little mistake appears to have been overlooked. Shortly after he blossomed into the landlord of a new club on the proprietary, system—that is to say, he was tohxtvie the profits on the liquors dispensed. Membership was easily obtained, the entrance fee being small, and no questions asked. Amongst the arrangements for the amusement of the members was a roslette table, and I am informed heavy sums changed hands, a Minister of the Crown, members of Parlia ment, and several prominent citizens of Adelaide being amongst the losers. Whether all was fair I oannot say, but investigation has proved that the roulette table possessed a receptacle which should not h&ve; been there, and which leads one to suppose that some thing besides luck had a finger in the game. The proprietor got into trouble for assaulting [ an inquisitive policeman who wanted to learn something about, the goings on of the estab lishment, and was committed for trial. Bail was accepted, and he left Adelaide. He turned up in Melbourne, accompanied by his countiyman and friend: The two are now j honorary members of a certain club herei They may hope to indulge in their penchant for poker and unlimited loo, but after the Adelaide affair I think they will be fought shy of in Melbourne.—As far as church going is concerned, the inhabitants of Sandridge who belong to the Church of Englanddenomi nation are certainly guilty of the Bin of omission. Last Sunday, I am told, the adults who attended service in the church numbered just three, and in order to make some show of a congregation, the school children, who, in theatrical parlance, would be regarded as * dead heads,' were scattered in promiscuous twos and tlirees over various parts of the building. If this paucity of attendance be chronic, I can well understand why the HospifcalS unday balance-sheet has no reference to the amount contributed by the Rev. Mr. Piatt's limited congregation." Habvesthtg- Machhtebt,—The Gamier Standard, in describing a new reaper invented by Mr. J. Croft, of Willaston, says:—" The wheat is reaped in the ordinary way, but the threshing bars are left out of the drums, the eats passing up a kind of flue into the stripper, a conical-shaps box in which are fixed short iron teeth in regular order. "Within tbiB a conical revolving cylinder with similar teeth which paas between those fixed in the box, and as these go between these teeth they are stripped. On leaving the stripper the wheat is met by a email fan, "which blows the chaff along a spout into the bottom of the machine, where it is retained. The wheat and refuse straw fell on to a sieve through which the wheat passes on to the screeni the drake falls through this, while the wheat is con ducted by spouts into bags fixed at the back of the machine. The chaff can be carried in the machine until convenient to put it in a particular corner of the field, or, if preferred, can be dropped as the reaping goes on, a trap-door being fixed in the boftom of the machine for the purpose. The. entire mechanism appeared to us to be exceed . ingly simple, and in no instance is it beyond the power of any intelligent black smith to repair in case of an accident. It has not been yet tried in a standing crop, but a supply of ears was put into the beaters in the ordinary way, and the result is highly satis factory. The heads were entirely stripped, and the wheat cleaned quite as well as if it had passed through a winnower. The only fault appeared .to be that some wheat had got among the chaff, but it is intended to prevent this by regulating the fan. We omitted to mention that the seive and screen are shaken exactly in the same manner as though worked by hand. In the old reapers, where a crop varies in height, the whole body of the machine has to be tilted to accommodate the comb to the heads, but it is intended to arrange the new machine so that the comb will be the only part moved. Another impor tant improvement is that the damp weather will not affect the working of the machine ; to test this some of the ears were damped, and the result was quite satisfactory. We are informed that four horses will be ample for working the machine." The Benefit op Advertising.—How is it that colonial tradesmen generally do so little advertising as compared -with, their American brethren ? In that wonderful country everyone advertises, not fitfully, but always changing, so as to attract public at tention. Here advertising is carried on in a half- hearted way, and advertisers enter into print occasionally and withdraw quickly, when the public have not seen the advertise ment at alL Colonial advertisers fancy that if they advertise at intervals their end will be achieved. No mistake could be greater. A casual trade advertisement may be read, but if not repeated it is forgotten and lost sight of altogether. The great and successful advertisers of the world always persist, if the expression may be used, in advertising. An authority on this subject has remarked that, as a rule, the first time an advertisement is read no interest is taken in it; the second time the reader doubts it; the third he wonders whether there is any truth in it; the fourth time he begins to think that he will give it a trial; the fifth time he determines to go and buy; and the sixth time he goes and buys at once. Lord Macaulay (or some other cele brity) thoroughly understood things when he said that " what steam is to the locomotive, advertising is to business—the motive power." The foregoing reminds me that we have but few great advertisers in Victoria, and just to encourage the timid to advertise I will give some particulars aboutour greatest advertiser, Dr. L. L.Smith. Doctors have an idea that it is not the thing to advertise, but that has never troubled the bold medico of Collins- street, his argument being that if a man has wares or knowledge to sell, he should not hesitate to advertise, and his pluck has been amply rewarded. Dr. Smith, who was a student at the great Eeole de Medicine, in Paris, at the time of the Revolution in 1848, in which he took part, and who practised in London (his father being the celebrated Mr. E. T. Smith, the theatrical manager), came to Victoria and started busi ness in Mellourne, at once going into adver tising on & large scale, and at. the present time he advertises in nearly every paper in Australasia, spending about £10,000 a year in advertising, which outlay is returned with bounteous interest. It would be difficult to believe the enormous business done by Dr. Smith through advertising if I had not myself seen sufficient to assure me of it. He has to devote every afternoon to opening letters re ceived from all parts, and asking advice on almost every known ailment, The replies are dictated to his confidential clerks, who despatch them. Telegrams are received from places like Cooktown and Perth, and pres criptiras are sent by return within ten minutes of the receipt. I saw letters from Texas; one of these was from a person who wanted to grow fat! Dr. Smith's income is immense, as indeed it must be, considering the money he spends in business, and in sporting, agriculture, politics, &c.; He attri butes his great success to advertising alone, combined with the necessary knowledge and ability. Ihave thus given an idea of Dr. Smith's practice, and to all others "who hare .wares or knowledge to eell I would say, " Go thou and do likewise."—Sendigo Independent. An "Incident of the Pebmieb'b Easily IflFE.—Sir Wm. Yardley, who died last Sun day, took a leading part in a carious episode in the life of the Premier. Just thirty-seven years ago Mr. Disraeli contested Shrewsbury, in'company with Mr. Tomline, the eccentric gentleman who holds certain well-considered views with respect to the coinage. Mr. Disraeli at that day was a gay and ringletted young man, with the most ef his worldly possessions displayed about his person. The contest ran high, and Mr. Disraeli {who spelt his name D'Israeli in those days) talked somewhat boastfully of his landed possessions in the neighbourhood of "Wickham. Mr. Yardly was then a young and briefless barrister, but he obtained a slice of unusual good luck in being retained as agent on the other side. He earned his fees in a somewhat brutal fashion. He wrote to London and engaged a correspon • dent there to search the records of the Court of Common Pleas, where he found a rich harvest of judgement summonses against "D'Israeli Benjamin, Esq." These were printed on a placard and posted throughout the town of Shrewsbury. Mr. Disraeli indig nantly denied the accuracy of these state ments, and in plain language called Mr, Yard ley a liar. Thereupon Mr, Yardley engaged his friend, Mr. Clement, to carry to the Con servative candidate a challenge to mortal combat. Mr. Clement undertook the charge, and delivered the challenge, but by some means never precisely ascertained, news of the in tended duel was conueyed to the magistrates and Mr. Yardley and Mr. Disraeli, being hauled before the bench, were ignominiously bound over to keep the peace. Mr. Yardley left Shrewsbury some years later, and went to India, where he made such rapid pragress that in 1858 he retired on a pention as Chief Justice. He has since resided near London. Mr. Clement, who carried the challenge to Mr. Disraeli (and from whom I have some where an account of the affair in his own handwriting), subsequently represented Shrewsbury in Parliament, and died seven or eight years ago.—London Correspondent. The Rabbit NttisANCE-The special reporter of the Melbourne Leader writes :—"The rabbit nuisance, although one that is bearing with caushing effects upon the selectors who are farthest out, and on the fringe of the mallee country, is not so serious as the wild dog plague as affecting the interests of the pastoral settlers. That is, the rabbits, altough veritable scourges, owing to their astonishing powers in the way of rapidly reproducing their species in countless numbers, and their distructive ness of everything almost that grows, yet are more easily got rid of than are the dogs. Owing to the manner in which the rabbits have increased through the want of a compulsory measure the effects of their ravages make the situation appear mare serious than it really is. The rabbits, owing to the stoneless character of the mallee, will never be able to entrench themselves in that country as they have in the Western district, and it has already been demonstrated by tlie selectors and some of the 8 quarters that in various ways their exter mination is quite practicable, if only a com pulsory measure can be brought into force. Many of the selectore situated on the edge of the {mallee country have cleared their selec tions twice and three times over, but have been disheartened by the incursions of fresh droves from the surrounding districts. The difficulty, it will be remembered, in dealing with the question at the close of the last session of Parliament cropped up in connec tion with the pastoral runs, and it would be well should there be any fear of the same liindrance taking place again, to pass an immediate measure dealing separately with the selected lands outside of the mallee. This would be of great benefit to the selectors even of itself, if a measure including the mallee country should not be able to be carried at once. This question of the rabbit nuisance, as affecting the pastoral lands within the mallee country, ifl being very injudiciously dealt with by some of the squatters them selves, who seem to look forward to it as a means of coercion, and in that light make it appear a more difficult pest to eradicate than it really is. Mr. V. H". Mogg, for example, a squatter who occupies one of the ten or a dozen runs in the mallee over which the rabbits have spread, openly expresses his satisfaction at their presence, saying— " The rabbit pest will be the lever by which we will get our licences renewed." It has been pointed out to us that some of the large land-holders in our own neighbour hood are not quite so energetic in carrying out the provisions of the Rabbit Destruction Act as they should be. The north-western portion of Belvidere was mentioned to us and the north-eastern portion of Kapunda as places were a little more energy might be displayed. The farmers, as a rule, are doing all in their power to rid themselves of the pest, but if their neighbours who own large tracts of country do not do the same, they say, and with justice, their labors will be in vain. There is a simple remedy in all such cases where the Act is not being carried out, and that is to inform against the offenders. 