i A STORY OF THE'LATIN, ; ; QUARTER. i "HE ¡8 one of the Amerioans," his fellow locaiairu said, among themselves. ? " Poor and alone in bad health. A qneer fellow." ' Having made this reply to those who ques tioned them, they were in. the habit of dis missing the subjeot lightly. After all it was nothing to them, einoe he had never joined their circle. ? ; They were a gay, good-natured lot, and made a point of regarding life as airily es possible, and taking eaah day as it came with .fantastic good cheer. The house-which stood in one of the shabbiest cornera in the Satin Qaartor-was fall of them from floor to garret-artists, BtndentB, models, French, English, Americans, living all of them, merrily, and by no means the most regalar of livoB. Bnt tbere were good friends among them ; their world wss their own, and they lound plenty of sympathy in. their loves and quarrels, their luok and ill- luok. Upon the whole there was more ill-luok than luok. Iiuoky men did not choose for their head quarters Bu^h ; placea as this rather dilapi dated building,-they oould afford to go elsewhere,, to places where the Quarter was better, where the stairs were less riokety, the passages less dark aud tho concierge not given to.ohronio intoxication. Here came ,tke unlucky ones, whose ill-luok was of ?varions orders and degrees: the young ones who were, some day to paint pictures whioh would be seen, in the Palais de l'Industrie, and would be greeted . with acclamations by ah appreciative publia; the older ones'who had painted pictures whioh had been seen at the Palais de l'Industrie, and had not been appreciated at all; the poets wlioae sonnets were of too subtle an order to reach the common herd ; the students who had lived beyond the means allowed them by their highly respectable families, and who were .consequently, eomewhat off oolour in, the eyes of the reBpeotable families in qaeBtion -these and others of the same oluss, all more or less poor, more or loss out at elbows, and more or less io debt. And yet, aa I have said, they lived gaily. They painted, and admired or criticised eaoh other's piotures ; they lent and borrowed with equal freedom ; they bemoaned their wrongs loudly, and sang and laughed more loudly, still as the mood seized them; and any Bpeoial ill-fortune befalling one of ; their number generally aroused a display of sympathy which, though it might not'last.long, was always a souioe of consolation to tbe InoklesB one. ': But the American, notwithstanding ho had been in the IIOUBO for months had never be come ono of them. He had boon seen in the early spring going up the stairway to his room, whioh waa.a mero garret an tho sixth story, and it had beon expeoted among thom that in a day or BO ho would present himself fur inspection. But this he did not.do, and when he encountered any of their number in his outgoings or in-cominga .he rotuniod theirgreetings gently in imperfeot French. Ho spoke , Blowly . and with difficulty, but there was no coldness in his.voico or manners, and yet none got muoh furthor than tho greeting. . , ;, He was a young, fellow, scarcely of middle height, frail iu figure, hollow- ohostod, and with a gentío faca, und soft, deeply set, dark eyes. That ho worked hard and lived barely it was easy enough to discover. Part of each day ho spent in tho various art galleries and after his return from' thése^visits ho was seen no more until tho following morning, i " Until tho last ray of light disappears ho is at his easel," said a young student whom a gay escapado had temporarily banished ta tho; fifth floor. " I .hear him move now and,then and cough. . Ho has a villainous oough.". , ? ." , I "Ho is ono of tho enthusiasts," said an other. " One can road it in his faoo. "What fools they aro-those' enthusiasts i They throw away, lifo thut'a orown of laurel may bo laid upon' their coffins.'.' < i lu tho summer some of thom managed to loaye Puris, and tho rest had enough to do to organise their little excursions and rnako the best ,o£. tho. BUDBhino, Bbado and warmth. But when thoso who had been away returned and all settled down for tho winter, thoy found.tho " American," ns they oallod him, in his old place. ; Ho had not bsen away at all ¡¡he had worked as hard as over through i midsummer heat and : autumn rain ; ho waa frailer in figure; his clothes were more worn, ? ; his face .was thinner'and his ejes far too hollow and bright, hut ho did not look either1 discouraged or unhappy. . ' "How does he liver'Vexclaimed the con cierge, dramatically. " The good God knows 1 He.eats nothing, he has no fire, ho wears' the clothing of. midemnmer-he paints-ho paints-he paints I. ' Perhaps that is enough for him. It would not be for me." >; i At. this , time-juBt aa .the winter entered ¿with bleak winds .and rains and falls of powdery, snow-there .presented hersell among them on arrival whoBe appearance 'oroated a sensation.' > i ; ' One 'night,., on his way ; upstairs,1 the American found himself conftonted on the fourth floor by a-flood, of light streaming through tho open door of a before unoccupied room. It was a small >. room, , meagrely ifurnißhed, bat tbero^was aÜrß in it,, and bslf a-dpzen people, who I langhdd and talked, at the topi of their,voices, .Five of them were men he had seen before,-artists who.lived in the house,-but the sixth was a : woman ,w[hom ho,had never soen, and whoso mar vellous beauty held him spell-bound where he stpod. . ??.,-../ . Bbe was. a womonof twenty-two or three, with an oval, face whose fairness was the fairness of ivory. S ho was dark-eyed ¡and low-browed, and, as she leaned forward upon tho .table and looked up at. tho man whe Bppke, to her, even the bright glow Ot :-thc lamp, whioh burned directly, before her fuoe, showed no flaw in either tint or outline. . 1 . "Why should we ask ttie reason of i your return?" said the man. "Let ns rejoiae that you are hero." . 1 .? " I will tell you the reason," she answered,: without.lowering her eyea. " I was tired." ;i. . ". A good roasoni" was tho reply/ She pnshed her ohair back and stood! upright; har hands hang at her sides ; tho> men were all looking at her ; she smiled; down at them with full irony. ' :", Who among yon wishes to paint mef" Bhe said. " I am again at your sorrioe, and I am not less handsome than I was." Then, there arose, among them a little' rapturous - murmur, . and somehow it .'broke ibo. spell whioh had restad apon the man ? outride. He Btarted,' shiverod slightly, and > turned away, ts He.went np to tho baro oold ness of hilltown room and sat down, 'forget.1 ling, thatj it, WOB olther oold or bore. Saddonly, JBB: he looked at the woman's' upturned face, a groat .longing bad ? seized upon him; .. A , I . " I sbonld Uko to paint you-I," ho found himself i Saying tot (he; silence about bim. "If Iimight paint youl" ' ?..,?< . ...iv. He hoard tho next day who »he was. Tho concierge was ready enough to give him more information than he baa asked. ' "Mademoiselle Natalie Monsieur means," he said;' "a handsome girl that ; a celebrated -model.. They all-knew her. ' Her face has. been the foundation of more ' than one great picture. There* are not many like her. One model has this beauty-another that ; -.but she, mon 'Dieu, she has all. A great creature, Mademoiselle." i i Afterward, os the days went by, he found that she sat often to the other, artists. Some times he saw her aa she went to. their rooms or .came away ; sometimes he caught a glimpse of. her as he passed her open door, and eaoh time .there stirred afresh within him the longing he had felt at first. So it oame about that one afternoon,.as she came out of a studio in which she had been giving a sit ting, she found waiting 'outside for her the thinly olad, frail figure of the American. He made an egaor yet hesitant step forward, and bogan to speak awkwardly'in French. She stopped him. . ' : " , , "Speak English," she said, " I know it well.'* . "Thankyou,"{heanswered,simply, "that is a great relief. My French is so bad. I am here to ask a groat favour from you, and lam sure I could not ask it wau in Fronoh:" " What is tho favour P'Bhe inquired, look ing at him with some wonder. , ? Ho was a new type to her, with his 'quiet directness oí speech and his gentle manner. " I have hoard that-you are a professional model," ho replied,-" and I have wished very much to paint what-what I see in your face. I have wished it from the first hour I saw yon. Tho dosiro haunts me. But Tam a. very poor' man ; I have almost nothing ";1 I cannot pay you what tho rest do." To-day I came to tho desperate resolve that I would 1 throw myself upon your mercy-that I would ask you to sit to me, and wait until better fortuna ooraos." Sho. stood still a moment and gazed at him. " Monsieur," she said, at length, " are you so poor as that f" - " ' He coloured a little, bnt it was not as if with shame. " Yes,"ho answered, " I am very poor: I have asked a great deal of . you, have I notf" - She gave him still another, long look. "No," Bhe said. "I will como to you to-morrow if you will direot me to your room." "It is on tho Bixth. floor," he replied; "the highest of'all.- It is a bare little place." . "I will como," sho said, and was turning away when ho ßtopped her. " 1-1 should like to tell you kow grateful I am-".'he began. ; ' " There is no need," Bhe responded, with bitter lightness. '.'¿You will pay me some day-when yon are a great artist." Bat when she'reaobed' the next landing she glanoed down and Baw that ho still stood boneath, watching her. The next day. she kept her word and went to him.' She found his room poorer and barer even than she had fanoied it migh( be. The .ceiling was' low and slanting, and in one oorner stood a narrow iron bed stead, in another a wooden table; in the best light the small window gave his easel was ploood with a ohair.before it. When he had opened the door in answer to her eummons,* and she saw all this, she glanoed qniokly at his faoo to see if there was any shade of confusion upon it, but there was none. - He appeared only rejoiesd and ; eager. " I felt sure it waa yon," he said. "Were you then so sure that I would oome ?" she asked. "You eaid you would," he answered. He plnoed ber as he wished to paint her, and then Bat down to his,work. In a few moments he was completely absorbed in it. For a long time he did 'riot speak at all. The utter silence which reigned-a silenoe which was not. only a suspension of speeoh but a suspension of any other thought be yond his task-was a new experience to ber. His oheek flushed,, his eyes burned dark and bright ; it seemed as if he scarcely breathed. When he: tarried tb look at her Bhe was. conscious 'eaoh! time, of a sudden thrill of feeling. More than onoe he paused for several moments, brush and palette in hand, simply watobing her face. At ona of these pauses she herself broke the silenoe. ' " Why do you look at me so ?'' she asked. " You look at me as if-as if-" And abe broke off with an uneasy little laugh. He'rou'sed himself with a slight start and culoure'd sensitively, passing his hand aorosa bis forehesd. " . "What I want to paint is not always in your face," ho ausworod. " Sometimes Hose it, and then I muBt wait a little tanti!-until I find it again. It is not only your face I want, it is yourself-youreelf I" And he made a sudden unconscious gesture with his bunds. '? ':??,.. ' .".. '- ? ~.<¡:- . She tried to laugh again-hard and lightly as before,-but failed. "Myself 1". she said. "Jlfoti Dieu.' Do not grasp at' mo, Monsieur.' It will not pay you. Faint my flesh, my hair i my eyes they are good-brit do not paint me.'' . . Ho looked troubled. j "I am - af raid "my. saying that sounded stilted," ho returned.'n .« I explained myself poorly. It is not'easy for me to: explain myself well." . i'-- -' .... .i.;. - '..-.- .;? ¡r \ "ilunderstbodJyou,"- she.'said j'" and I have warned you-" : They did not speak to eaoh other again during the whole sitting exoept once, when he asked her if she was warm enough. ! Vi have a fire to-day," he said. . - ,,, ' j " Have you not'always a fire ?" ebb asked. ! "No," he answered, with a'smile ;:,,'! bat when yon oomo there will always be one,'!..,, i: "Then," she '¿sid,.vi will.come often, that. I may save you from death.'' -.. , . " Oh 1" ho replied ; "lt ia easier than you think to forget that ono ie cold," . . ' " Yes," she returned. " And lt is easier .than you think for one to die." ?'?:!?:. i ' When Bhe was going away.she .made,a movement toward the easel, but he stopped; her. ' -, , " Not yet,", be said. '.' Not jost yet.*.'... Eke drew baok. . . ..i',.'' l "I havo-never carod to, look at myself 'before," she said. " I do not knqw .why -I 'should care now.' Perhaps," with the, laugh again, "it is' that I wish to ses .'what jyoti'' will mako ol ni« ;" ' '".'""'j " " Afterward;'''as''she'«at over ' her' little' porcelain sto.ve in her room below, she. soaroely comprehended her own mood. ; "He is not like tho rest," she said.' " Ho' knowB nothing of tho world! " He ie one of ¡tho good. Ho oareB only for hiB art. How simple, and kind, and pare 1 The little room iB like a saint's coll." And then, suddenly,' 'she flung her arms out wearily, .with a heavy sigh.' " Ab, Dieu I" she said, " how dall the' iday is I - The skies aro lead." '*...'. J oA few days later she gave a sitting to an 'old artist, whose name was Masson, and shq .found that ho had heard' ol what had hap pened. .? :. .V '. i.. ? !'? ?-'. ' ?' ' ? , "And so yon Blt to the Amerioan?" ho said. j "Tes." ? '-'.'.? ,:'' - ? ' ' " Well, and you find bim -: ?" "I find him," she repeated-after him.' Bholl I tell yon what I find him?" 1 "T .'.> I shall listen with delight" «IMind him-a BOUII You and I. ray .friend-and tho ' ieBt of us-aro bodies ¡ he (is a abnll" .' ?.?'.-: * . .-- ,:-'' , . ? '' ( Tho artist bogan-to whistle softly as pe painted. ...'.?"-: -"- 'r -"?' " It ja dangerous work,",bo eaid at length, " for wotueu lo play with souls." ; j" That ia true," she answered, ooldly. The same day she went agata to the room on the sixth floor. She sat again through an hour of silenoe, in whioh the American painted eagerly, now and: then stopping to regard her With eearohing eyeB. , ' "Bot not as the rest regard.me," she said to herself,. " He forgets that it ia a woman who Bits here. He sees only what he wonld paint." As time' went by, this faot, whioh always felt,'was in itself a fascination. In the obill, calm atmosphere ot the platte' there was repose for her.* She fonnd nothing to resent,-:nothing to steel herself against, she need no longer think of herself at all. She had time to think of the man in whose presence she sat. From the first she had seen something tonching in bis slight, stoop ing figure, thin young faoe and dark woman ish eyes,' and after she had heard the simple unevent/ul history of his life, she fonnd them more touching still. He was a New Englander, the last sur viving representative of a frail and short lived family. His parents had died yonng, leaving him quite alone, with a mere pit tance to depend' upon, and throughout his whole life he had cherished but one aim. "When I was a ohild I used to dream of ooming here," he said, " and as I grew older I worked and struggled for it. I knew I must gain my end some day, and the time oame when it was gained." 1 ' / "And this is the end?" she asked, glanc ing round at the poor place. " Thia is all of life you desire ?" He did not look np at her. >??:-.. " It is' all I have," he answered. She 'wondered if he would not ask her some questions regarding herself, but he did not. - . ' ? ' ? ?.??'?;-'??"?..?? : "He does not oars to know," she thought, sullenly,.. And then she told herself that he did know, and a mocking devil of a smile settled on her lip's, and was there when he turned toward her again.; .r. But the time never oame when his manner altered, when he was less candid.and gentle, or less grateful'for the-favour she was be stowing upon him. .. Sho soarbely know howlit was that she first' began.to know the sound' of his foot upon the stair-way and to liBten for it. . Her earliest .oonsoionsneBS of. it was when onoe she' awakened suddenly out of a dead sleep at night and found herself Bitting upright with her hand upon ber heavily throbbing heart. ....... .',:;.?.. " What is it I" she cried, in a loud whis per. But she spoke only to herself and the darkness. ' She knew what it was and .'did not lie down again until the footsteps had reached tho top of the last flight and the door above had opened and closed. 'The time arrivod'when there was soaroely a trifling-incident'in his every-day life which esoaped her. She'saw each sign of .his poverty and physical woakneBB. He . grow paler day by day. - lhere were days . when his step flagged as he went up and down-the staircase';, some mornings he did not go out at all.. She discovered that eaoh Sunday he went twioo to the little Amerioan ohuroh in the Bue.de Berri,.and she had seen in the room a small Proteitant'Bible. " You read that ?" she asked bim, when she first saw it. '. . . " Yes." '??..'-? :; ?She leaned:forward,'her look: ourlons, be wildered, even awed,' . . ? . " And you believe in-God?".." ' . : "Yes." ' ... She resumed ber former position but' ' she. did not remove ber eyes from1 his face, and unconsciously 'she put - her hand. np to her swelling throat. When at length the sitting was over and she left her ohair, he was standing before the easel.' He turned to her and spoke hesi tantly.1 ,- '..''? ' 1 -'?? « Will' you1 oome and look at it?" he asked. . ' ' She .went and stood where he bade her and' looked.' He watched her anxiously while she did BO. For the first moment there waa amazement in her face,' thea some mysterious emotion ho could not comprehend' -ó'duU red crept slowly'over her brow and, cheek.' ' . "..'?'" "'?''.' ?'..."? . ? " " j She turned upon him.' '' ,:: ' " '' '' ; MMonsiearT' -she oried, ^passionately. .< Xóú mock me I It is a bad picture.." ' ' ? 'He'fell back'a paoe,'1 staring at her and suddenly, trembling with the shook. ' I "A bad plo turo I'*-he eohoeä. ,"i"mobk you-I?" ' ';., ''". "". ? ' " : ;".It ÍB my faoe," BIIÔ said, pointing tó 'it,', " hilt you have made it what I om not I It is the face of a good woman-of a woman who'might be a saint ! Boos not that mock me ?" "' "? '''"', ' . ' , . '; ¡ : Ha. turnod to it with a troubled,'dreamy' look.- "' '?'?' ' - "' ' - " : . . '. ;.. j ,'? It is what I have seen in your faoe," he said, in a soft, absent voice. " It is a truth to me. It ia what I have seen." ; ' ; .'.'It is what no other has seen,".she said. " I tell'yod it mooka me," . ," It need not mook you," he answered. " I could- not, have.painted it if I had not' felt. it. It'is yourself-yourself." '. ?' . i :' ? '..'" "Myself?" she said, " Do you think, tvíonsieur,'that the men who have .'painted me before would know it ?" '.,.''* . . ,1 , ,She. gave it another glance , and a'shrill' laugh burst from her, but the next instant it broke off and ended in another sound.'.' She fell upon'her'knees by tho empty ohair,'her' open handB flung outward, her sobs'strang-1 j ling her.' ' ' ' ' 'Ho stood quito near her, looking'down. " I have not thought of anything bot . my work," he said.' '" Why should IP" Tho following Sunday night the artist met in going .down-stairs a closely- veiled figure oomin'g'üp.' He knew it and'spoke.' I...'.',.Wi>«t, Natalie?" ho Baid. ' " Yon ? ?, One blight fahey you bad been to church." 1 '"-I''have ' boon," sba returned, in a cold volas-"to the. oharoh oi the Americans in the Bile de Berri." . Ho shrnggod his shoulders. i." Has it done you.good ?" ho aBkeoV . ''? "'No," Bhe anaworod, and walked past him, leaving'him to look 'after her and .think the matter over. '? ?'" ? ', : She went to her own apartment and looked herself in. Having . done soi abo lighted ' every candle - and lamp- flooding tbe plano with a garish mockery of brightness. ' She sang as she did it-a gay, shrill air from some opira iouffe. She tore off her dark veil and wrappings. Her eyes and cheeks flamed as if toadied by some unholy fire. She moved with-feverish rapidity here and there-dragging a ' rioh dress from a trunk, and jewels and laces from their plaoos of Bate keeping, and began to attire herself in them. The simple blaok robe she bad worn to tho chapel lay on the floor. As she moved to and fro sba set ber feet upon it' again and again, and as she felt it .beneath her tread a harsh smile touched her lips. "I shall not wear you again," sho stopped h er Bong once to say. . ?' ; In half.au.boar she had made her toilette/ She stood.beforo her glass, a blaze of colour and jewels. For a. moment she sang, no moro. From ono of . the rooms below there floated up,to her sounds of riotous merriment. . . " ThU ia myself," she said ; " thit is no other." " ; .She opened her door and ran down the staircase swiftly and .lightly. The founder bf , tho feast whoBO sounds she had hoard was a foolish young, fellow who adored her madly. He was rich, and wicked, and simple. Bowe ho had heurd of ber . retain ho.bad taien an apartment in the house. She heard his vaioe above the voices of the rest. -'..». : In ..a moment she had flung open the door of the talon and stood npon the threshold. ? ; At sight of her there arose a rapturous shout of delight... " Natalie I Natalie 1 Weloome I" : But instantaneously it died away. ; One seoond she stood there, brilliant, smiling,1 défiant. The next, they saw that a mysterious i change had seixed upon her. Bhe had become deathly white, and was waving them, from ! -her with a wild geBture. "lam not oomingl" she cried, breath lessly. '« Na t No I No I" And' the next instant they oonld only gaze at eaoh others' terror-stricken faoes, at the place she had left vaoant-for she was gone Bhe went np the stairs blindly and uncer tainly. When she reached the turn of the ' fourth floor, where the staircase'was bare and unlighted, she staggered and sank against the balustrades, her face upturned. I " I cannot go baok," she whispered to the darknbas and silenoe above. " Do you hear ? I cannot I And it is you-you who restrain me 1" Bot there were no traces of her passion in her face when she went to the little studio the next day ai usHal. When, tba artist opened the door for her, it struck him that she was calm even to coldness. Instead of sitting down, she went to the easel and stood before it. " Monsieur," she said, " I have discovered where your mistake lies. Toa have tried to paint what you fancied must onoe have existed, though it exists no longer. That is your mistake. It bas never existed at all. I remember no youth, no childhood. Life began tor me as it will end. It was my fate that it should. I was born in the lowest quarter of Pari«. I knew only poverty, brutality, and orime. My beauty simply raised me beyond their power. Where should 1 gain what yon have insisted in bestowing upon me ?" He Bimply stood still and looked at her. "God knows I" he answered, at length. " I do not." ? " God I" she returned, with her bitter little laugh. "YeB-God I" Then she went to her plaoe and said nb more. .? But the next Sunday she was at the American obapel again, and the next, and the next. She could aoatoely have told why herself. She did not believe the doctrines she heard preached, and Bbc did not expert to. be converted to belief in them. Often, as the servioe. proceeded, a: faint Bmile of de rision carved her lips ; but from her seat in the obscure corner she had choaen she could see a thin, dark taos and a Blooping figure, and could lean baok against the wall with a sense oi repose. " It is quiet here,'-' was her thought, " One can be quint, and that is muob.'' ." What ia the matter with ber?" tho men who knew her began to ask one another., But it was not easy tor them to discover how the subtle change they saw bad been wrought. They were uaed to her oapiioeB.and to ocoa-. aional flts of sullenness, but they had never Been her in just such a mood a» Bb» was now. She would bear no jests from, them, she would not join in their gayeties. Sometimes for dayB together she abut hertel! np in her room and they did not eeo ber at all. The pioturu progressed but slowly. Some times the artist's band' so trembled with weakness that he oould not prooeed with his work. More than onoe Natalio saw the bruah suddenly fall ' from his nerveless lingera. ' He was very, weak in tbese days, and the spot of heotio red glowed brightly on hiB cheek. ; "hm t poor fellow at beBt," he would say to her, '.' and now I am at my worst. I bm afraid I shall be obliged to reBt sooner than I fanoied. I wiBb first I could have finished my work. I must not leave it un finished." ",' ; Ono morning, when ho Lad been obliged lo give- tip painting, through a sadden fit. ol prostration, on following her to the door, he took her hand and held it a moment, ' '" I was'»wake all last night,"-he said, j'Yesterday I saw a poor . fellow- who had fallen ill on the street, oarried into the Hotel Dieu, and the memory clung to me.. I began to imagine ..how it .would be if, snob, a thing happened to me-what I should say . when they aBked for my friends,-how there woald be noue'to Bend for. And at last,-soddenly I thought of you. I said to myself, < I would send for, lier, and I think Bhe .would come.' " 1 ."Yes, Monsieur," she-answered. :"You might depend upon my coming." : "X am used to being alone," he went, on ; ..but it seemed to me, SB I lay in the dark thinking it over, that ta dio alone would be a different matter. One would want some familiar faoe to look at-" : " Monsieur 1" she burst v forth.' . " You apeak as if Death wero always near yon 1" ' "Do I?" he said. And he was silent fora few seoonda and looked down at her hand as ho held it. Then-ho dropped it gently with a little sigh. " Good-bye," ho said, and so they parted. ! In the afternoon Bhe sat to Masson. : ."How muoh longer," he said to her in the bourse of the sitting-"how muoh longer does be mean, to live-this American? He has lasted.astonishingly. .They are wonder ful, fellows, these weaklings,who burn them selves out. One might fanoy that the. flame which finally destroys them, also kept them alive." . " Do you then think, that ho is so very ill ?" she asked, in a low voiee. ': " He will'go out," bo: answered, » like a candle. Shall I tell you a secret ?',' . t '. She made a geature of assent. "He starves! . Tue concierge who has watoued him .saya he doea not buy food enough tb keep body 'and..soul together., But how is one tb offer him anything f It is easy to Bee that he would not take it." ' 1 There was a moment of silenoe, in whloh he went on painting. : , . " The trouble ia," he said,'at last'." that a man would not know how to. approaoh him. It is only women who can do these things." . , , . Until the aitting was over, neither tho one nor the othor spoke again. -. When it was over, and Natalie was on the point of leaving the room, Masson looked at her oriti bally. ,.'.,''?..."?. . ',"' ,. - "You are palo," ho romarked. ."You aro like a.ghost.". , ,','.'. , : ." Is it nbt becoming?" ehe" asked. , , : "YOB:": '; ',.,'?:,.< . " Then why oomplaln ?" , " . ?> \- .Shs went to her own room and spent hall-, au-bour in oollooting ? every ^valuable sha owned. . They were not.many ; Bhe had al ways been reokleaaly improvident. She put together 'in a package her tow jewels, and even the laces she oonBidered worth the most. Then she went out, and, taking a fiacre, at the nearest oorner, drove away. , She was absent two hours, and when she returned she stopped at tho ontranoe, intend, lng tb ask tho concierge a question. But the man hlmsolf spoke lirst. Ha waa evidently greatly diaturbod and not a little alarmed. << Mademoistlle," be .began, " the. young man on the Bizth floor-" *. What of him ?" sho demanded. " He dcBirea to BOO you Ho went out in spito of my warnings. Figure to yourself on snob, a day, in such a state ot health. He returned almost imraodiatoly, wearing tba look of Doath itself. He sank upon the first , step of tho atairasBo. When I rushed to-hie I «BBistanoe ho held to bis lips, a handkeiahlot [ Btained with blood I We were oompellcd to oarry him upstairs." 11 " ; She stood a moment, feeling her throat and lips suddenly beoome dry and parobed. "And he asked-forme?" she said, atlast. . ; " When he wonld speak, Mademoiselle yes. We do not know why. He said, in a very faint voice, 'She said she would come.' " She went up the staircase slowly and me chanically, aa one who moves in a dream. And yet when she reaohed the door of tho studio she was obliged to wait for a few seoonds before opening it. When she did open it she saw the attio seemed even moro oold and baro than usual ; that there was no fire ; that the American lay upon tho bed, his eyes olosed, the bootie spots faded from his eheeks. Bat when she approached and stood near him, he opened his eyes and looked at her with a faint emile. " If-I play you-tho poor triok of dying," he said, " you will remember-that the piolare-if you oars for it-is yours." After a while, the dootor, who had been sent for, arrived. Perhaps he had been in no great hurry when he had heard that his services were required by an artist who lay in a'garret in the Latin Quarter. His visit i was a short one. He asked a few questions, '? wrote a prescription, and went away. He looked at Natalie oftener than at the siok man. She followed him out on to the land ing, and then he regarded her with greater interest than before. " Is he very ill P" she said. " Yes," he. answered. " He will die, of course, sooner or later." " You speak calmly, Monsieur," sha said. " Suoh cases' are an old story," he replied. " And-you are not his wife ?" - - "No." . :..... .,, .,:y 111 thought_ not. Nevertheless, perhaps you will remain with him until-"... " ,* : "As Monsieur says," she returned, "I will remain with him * until-., .. When'the sick, man awoke from the sleep into which he had fallen, a fire burned in the stove and a woman's figure'.was seated before it. . *',Yoa are hore- yet ?" he said, faintly. She roo« and moved toward him. "I am not going away," she answered, " if you will permit me to remain." His eyes Bbone wit h. pathetio brightness, : and he put out his hand. , . " You are very kind-to a ; poor-weak fellow," he whispered.' "After all^-it is a' desolate ithing-to lie awake. through the night-in a place like this." ', , When the - dootor returned the next morn ing he appeared even a. shade disoonoerted: He had thought it quite likely that, upon his second visit, he might find a soant white sheet , drawn over the narrow bed, and that it would not be necessary for him to remain or call again ; but it appeared that his patient might.require his attention yet a few days longer.. . ?'. " You.have not left him at all," he said to ?Natalie.- ''It is easy to BBB yon did not sleep last night." -, , lt. was truo that she had not slept. Through the night' she had eat in the dim; glow ol the firo, soaroely stirring unie, s some slight sound of movement from the bed attraoted her attention. . Daring ' the. first part of the hight her oharge had seemed to sleep; but SB the boura wore on there had been no more rest for him, and then she had known that he lay .with his eyes fixed upon, her; she bad felt their gaze even before she had turned to meet it. JuBt before dawn he became restless, and called her to his side. " I' owe you a heavy debt," he said, drearily. "And I shall leave it unpaid. I wish-I wiall it was finished." ' . " It ?" she said. " The picture," he answered, " the--pia-, ture." " Usually he was too weak for speooh ; but oooasionally a fit of restlesaness seized upon him, and thea itseomedasii he was haunted continually by the memory of his unfinished work. ' " It only needed a few tonohea," he said, onoe. . " One day of strength would oomplote it-if snob a day would but come to me. T know the look so well now-I Bee it on your face so' often." And then he lay watching her,'his eyes following her yearningly, as she moved to and fro. In tba, etndios below, tbo artista waited in vain for their model. They neither Baw nor heard anything of her, and they knew her moods too well to be offioiouBly inquisitive. So she was left alone to the task she had ohOBen, and was faithful to it to the end. It waa not so very long lt lasted, though to her it seemed a lifetime. A few wooka tba dootor made his visits, and at last one after noon; iii going away, hq beokoned her ont of the'room. '. He spoke in an undertone. ' " To-night yod may watoh olosely," ho said ; " perhaps towards morning-but it will bs very quiet." , ; It was very quiet., The day had been, bitter cold and as it drew to a close it beoame oolder still, and a Heros wind rose and whistled about the old house, shaking the ill-fitting windows and doors. But the siok man did not seem to hear it. Toward mid night he fell into a deep and qniet sleep. Beforo the fire Natalie sat waiting. Now and then a little shudder paaeod overlier BB if she oould not resist the oold. And yet the fire in tbe stove was a bright one. She had smiled to herself as she had heaped the ooal upon it, seeing thut tbero WOB so little left. " It will last until morning," Bhe said, " and that will be long enough." Through all tba nightB during which oho had watoh ed abe had never felt the room so still as it seemed now between the gaste and soughing of the wind. " Something is in the air which has not been in it before," sho said. ? About one o'dook sho rose and replenished the firo, patting tho last fragment of ooal upon it and then sat down to watch it again. ' Its slow kindling and glowing into life fascinated her. It was not long before she could "scarcely remove her eyes from it. Sho was trying to oaloalate-with a weird fancy in her miad-how long would it last, ana whether it wonld die out soddenly or slowly. As she cowered over it, if one of the men who admired her had entered he might well soaroely have known her. Sbe was hollow eyed, haggard and pallid-for the time avon ber great beauty was gone. As he bad left her that day, the doctor had said to bimsolf discontentedly that after all these wonder!ni lacea last bat a short timo. The Ure caught at tho ooal, lighted fitful blazes among it, and orept over it in a doll zed, whioh brightened into hot soarlet. i And the sick man lay sleeping, breathing faintly but lightly. , " It will last until dawn," Bhe said-!' until dawn, and DO longer." ,, . Whoa tho first oinder dropped with a> metallia sound, she started violently and'laid her hand upon ber breast, but after that abe soaroely stirred. Tho fitful blazes died down, the hat scarlet deepened to red again, the red grew dull, a gray film of ashes Bhowed itself upon it, and thea oame the first faint grey of dawn,: and sha sat with/ beating heart saying .to horBolf, . r "It will go.ont Boon-suddenly." And the dying man was awake, speaking to her.'rv : <? Oome here," he said, in a .low,- olear voice. " Oome here.,". ./ ? She went-to bim and ¡stood, oloaa by tho bedeide. The moment of ber- supreme anguish had oome. Bat he showed no signs of' pain or dread, only-there -was. a' little moisture: upon -his forehead and-about his mouth,, ci r-.i.u" -i.'-;- Ï) ;;,r ;«{..<.; i Bil oyes shone larga" fcnd bright ¡in the Buowy pallor oí his faoe, oui whoa he .flied them upon her she knew lie would not moto them away. .. rf--- ?. "I am glad-that it is-finished," said. " It did not tire me to work-as^^i thought it would. I am glad-tha%,it- ia finished." - , Sbe fell upon her knees. " That it ia finished 7" Bhe said. His smile grew brighter. ). " The pioture," ho whispered-"Jthe pis tare." ? And then whal she had waited for oame. There was a moment of silence; the wind outbide hushed itself, his lips parted, but no ] Bound oame from them,*not even a fluttering ... breath ; his eyes were still fixed upon her - faoo, open, bright, smiling. ... ¿ .. "I may speak now," she oried. "I may ' , speak now-ainoo you oannot hear. I love ; youl I love you 1" '.-..?. ¡V But there oame to her ears only one . sound-the little grating shudder of the fire as it fell together and was dead. * ; The next morning when they heard that .? the Amerioan" had at last fulfilled their : prophesies, the locataires showed a spas modic warmth ot interest. They offered their (services promptly, and said to.each L other that he must have been a good fellow, after all-that it was a pity they had ' not known him better. Tbey even protested that he should not be made an objeot"of. ?.' charity-that among themselves they would do all that waa necessary. But it appeared . that their help was not needed-that there was in the baokgrpund a friend who had done -all, but whom nobody knew. Hearing this they expressed then? sym pathy by going up by twos and threes to . -, tho little garret where there waa now only ; icy coldness and ailenoe. Not a few among them were so. far .: touched by the pathos they found in this i as to shed a tear or so-moat of them were volatile young Frenohmen, who counted - .> their sensibilities among their luxuries. '?. -"«. Toward evening there "came two older- ^ than the rest, who had not been long in 1 > the bonse. : "When they entered, a woman stood afc ^ the bed's head-a woman in" black drapery, _ ¡ with a pale and haggard face, whioh-they' . saw only for a moment.- - ' .> Aa they approached she moved away, ^ and, going to the windowystood there with ' v her back toward them, gazing-out at the ' drifted snow upon- the roof. The men ' stood uncovered, looking down. ' ' .- '?' " It is tho faoo of an Immortal,'1, said tho ., elder of the two. " It is such mon who die young." - J . And then they saw the easel in * the shadow of the.oorner audiwent'and turned it' from tho wall.' When they. Baw" the pioture ? resting upon it, there was a long Bilanoo.- It ? was broken at last'by the older man. \- '"It is-some ..woman he "has known and "?'. loved," .horsaid. il He: has painted her soul and his own." , .-? The figure near them stirred-tho.woman|s hand* crept up to'the -windo w's side and dung \\.. to|the'wooden;frame. '/"' "'"', '. ' ' ,' ; iBat sho'did not turn,'and'Was--'8ta,nding' so ' * when tho strangerá meived away, opened ,tho : door and passed, with heads still unooVeredf *. I'ddwn tho dark, riokoty stairs.. ' \' ^.¿l,;'.'..':.1. ['.' i IA 'fiercer -cold1 trad never' .fro/'e'ñ' Parie,". than held it ice und snow'bourid/tfthróug'h. ' this day and the next. ,When,tb#nexfco»'üie. to itB close7 all was' over ajid5'the" studios. ; were quiet again-perhaps'a little quieterj for a few hours than woa their wont. ," , Through this second day Natalie lived slowly: through^, the first part ° ot? the, ' morning iu'whiohTpeople went heavily.up. .., and down the Btuira; through the. later,/, hours - when ahe'"heard 'thorn, whispering,,, among . themsolvés . upon . tho landings'; through tho hour,when tbé'footsteps that came down, were; heavier Btill, and Blower ., and impeded with some burden borne.with , care; through tho moment when,.they ,, ¡ rested with this burdon" upon the landing ,, outside her very door, and inside she.., orouched against tho panels-listening., Then it was all done, and .Upon,áthoso ,. ¡ upper floors thora was no oreaturo;put herself. ,r. j ' Sha had lighted no Aro und.oaten nothing. , , She had uoithor food, fuel, nor money.. All. was gone. ,' , . '..-..»., T "It is well," she said, ".that I am not-Vi: j hungry, and that I -woola.rather be,ooldeC. than warmer." ... ,.,."" She did not wish'for warmth, ovon wbim ",.,; night foll and brought moro biting ioiness. She sat by her window.in: the dark until^tho . moon rose, and though shudders shook! her, ,;j from head to foot, ehe made ho effort to gain., ¡ warmth. She ' heard but fow sounds fröin , 'below, bnt she waited",until1,all was BtUl"" before she left hor place. ' '," But at midnight perfcot silence had settled ¡ upon the house, and sho got up and.loft her room, leaving the key unturned in'.tho'look.,.*. ", To-morrow, or the day after,'perhaps,'''Bha "?/, said,' " they will wiah-to go in. ' "Thenishe'A went up the stairs for tho last'time. Since she hod'hoard the heavy foot lumber- . ing with their burdon past, h'or door , a-. * singular oalm had settled upon'her. It 'waa;..; not apathy so much aa a reposó, born of'the'.,, knowledge ' that there was nothing more to ! ';' bear-no future to be foared.' , ./'I '!;" . But when sho oponed the door Octile little ,,, room this oalmness was for a moment lost. It was sb cold, so. still, so boro in the moonlight whi6h streamed 'through ".the/;; window and floodad it. There were, loft in it only two' things-tho narrow, vacant.bed, ., covered with ita white' sheet, and the "easel J on which tho pioture rested, gazing'out at ¡ her from tho oanvus With'serene', mysterious eyes. She staggered forward and sank down before it, uttering a low, terrible, cry. , "Do not reproach ino I" ehe oried, ,, "There is no longer need. Do you,not ' see? This is my expiation 1" For a while there was dead silence again.-,, Sho crouched boforp, tho easel with .bowed , < head and her taco veiled, upon'her arms^,; i making no stir or Bound. "Bat at-longth ,. Bho roso again, numbly and stiffly.,.-ShaO atook up and glanced slowly about, her-oJss| tho bareness, at the moonlight;-'"aivtheli' narrow, whito-diaped bed. .,. " "It will'bo-very cold," ehe whispered, ? as she moved toward the. door, .'flt will . bo-very cold." . And then the little room waa . empty, and ; the face upon tho easel: turned toward the . entrance seemed to listen io her. stealthily ?'.'.' descending feot. , ; . ., . :ur ': The noxt morning, tho two. artists, .whs -' had visited tho doad, man's room;together, ?". wore walking-together, again- upon -the <?;> banka of the Seine, when they found them- ? :n solves drawing near a orowd of men and women who were gathered at the ^water's edge. ". ; "What has happened?" they asked aa\\.' they ' approached tho group. " " " What has ! L boon found?" J ' ."' ', _ A cheerful follow in a blue blouse, stand^ .i ing with his hands in his, pookoto|'imawëredi .' "A woman. Ma foi! what 'a night.toi' drown oneself in ! Imagino the disoOm«. fort I" . . , , .' ..... ".?-. ' The older man pushed his .way'into tho! 'i oontre,- and a moment later uttered an I exOlamotion- ' ',,'' 4< Mon-Dieu I" ' ' '.' 7 " What is lt ?" oried his companion. . - ,, ^ His friond'turnod to him, .breathlessly, <; pointíhgto what lay .upon thè'frozón earth. " We asked each other who ' the original . ot tho picture'was," ho said.'' ." We did . not know. Tho faoe lies thorn. ' look IV'i' For .-that . which .'lifo hod' denied' her;-' I Death hnd.giyori. ?Bbribner'e; ' .. 