NEARLY BURIED ALLYE. A correspondent writes to Chambers ' Tho following account was givon mo by the son of a lady, who was within a few hours of being consigned to the grave, upon tho supposi- tion that sho was dead. I his lady , tho wife of a captain in tho royal navy, and in the middlo of life, had for a considerable time been a source of great anxiety to her husband and family from failing health, and the household had removed from tho neighbourhood of London into a notedly salubrious part of Devonshire, hoping that a milder climate would lmvo a beneficial effect upon the invalid. Tlioir hopes, wero however, disappointed, as no improvement in the health of tlio patient took place ; and both husband and family felt that in a very short time their house would bo invaded by death, and they would havo to mourn the loss of the beloved oiio. The decline of the patient was gradual in tho extreme : ono stage of weakness aftor ari- otlier was reached, till at last the apparent transition came, and Mrs , to all appearance, died. It was midwinter when this happened, the weather very cold ; and as tho house occu pied by the family was remote from some of tho friends and relatives who were invited to attend tho funeral, which was to take place about a week after tho supposed death, these were re quested, or found it necessary to reach Captain 's residence tho evening beforo the day ap pointed for the interment of the lady. Hav ing reached the house of mourning, tlioy ad journed to tlio chamber of death, and gazed upon the lifeless form of her whom they had so long revered and loved. 'Dinner was served, and a sad doleful meal it was. As usual they went to tlio drawing-room aftor dinner, tho bereaved father and husband accompanying them, and there tlioy occupied themselves iu recalling tho various traits and excellencies of the departed. AA'hilst engaged in this manner, the room door was violently opened, and the footman, apparently as horror-stricken nS nian could bo, entered, exclaiming : " If you ploaso sir, Missus' ghost is walking 1" ' Captain immediately left tho room, tak ing the footman, very much against his will, with him. Shutting tho door, and enjoining tho oc cupants not to follow him, as he would bo back quickly, he at once crossed the hall and ascended the stairs, with tho intention of going to tho room where his deceased wife, as ho supposed, was lying in her coffin ; but on turning into tho corridor or passage at tho top of the stairs, his courage was severely tested, for in his way thero stood a figure clad in tho habiliments of the grave ; yet although much startled, he was equal to the occasion, and addressing tho figure, : said ; " God bless me, Mary" his wife's name, " what are you doing hero 1" ' His wife — for it was his wifu, and no ghost — answered very faintly : "Oh, take nio to the fire. I am frozen." ' He immediately got a blankot, wrapped it around her, and to tho consternation of tho servants, took her into the kitchen, whore thero was a largo fire burning ; and soon witli warmth, assisted by a very sparing administration of warm liquid, vital heat was restored. ' AA'hen Captain — — returned to the drawing- room, it must be supposed he found the company in a great state of oxcitemciit, which was not at all diminished by his statement rif what had happened; and nothing but an interview with tho supposed deceased lady would convince them that they had not a very feiv hours before seen her actually a corpse. And she, strange to say, despite the shock caused by her finding her self whoro she was aud arrayed for the grave (for she was conscious of. having clambered out of the coffin), and tho fuli narration of particu lars by her husband, aud tho consequent know ledge of tlio very narrow escape from premiture burial she had experienced — she very quickly recovored much of her lost health and strength, and lived on several years before sho really died. ' It is scarcely necessary to add that tho mourn ing friends wore soon changed into joyful ones, and that tho attendance of tho undortakor, with his funeral applianco3, was disponscd with. ' I-was not told what was the opinion of tho medical attendant upon this oxtraordinary occur rence ; but as tho son of tho lady who, as I stated before, told me of tho circumstanco, is now in England, and I hope to seo him, I intend to tako the opportunity of making full inquiries on this head. I may add that tho mention of tho matter was most repugnant to tho lady in ques tion, and any illusion to it wa3 carefully checked by every member of tho family. ' Tho preceding account was narrated to me as I havo described, after I had been telling my friend of the case which I now proceed to state, and as corroborativo of tho opinion I then ex pressed to him that many persons wero really buried alive. This occurrence, tho subject of which approached a stop nearer tho grave than tho one just recited, happenod to a man whom I woll know, and who was in business for several years in the town in which I resido ; after which ho loft my neighbourhood, and took a business in a town in tho west of England, and for soirie months I heard nothing concorning him — in fact ho had passed from my mind. But I chanced to be spending my annual holiday on tho South Dovon coast, aud ono day had arranged to pro ceed to Dartmouth, in order to go up tlio Dart to Totness and view, as I havo done several times beforo, tho beautiful scenery which opens up to tlio travellor as ho journeys the whole of tho way botweon tlio two bcfore-uained places. ' Having accomplished so miich of tho pro gramme marked out, I doterminod to return to my seasido lodgings by the railway instead of going ovor tho samo courso I had travelled in tho morning ; and to do this I wont to tho Tot- ness statiou of tho Soutli Dovon lino, and whilst waiting there for a train to tako mo to my desti nation, tho down-train from London arrived ; and upon looking across the lino, I recognised as ono of tlio passongers, as tho train drow up, a lady from my own town, and who when at homo lived oxactly opposite to me. Sho was an inti mate friend of tho wife of tho person to whom I havo alluded. I wont to the back of tlio train, crossed tho lino on to tho othor platform, arid introduced myself to the lady, of course ro- inarkiug how strango it was that two neighbours, without any arrangoment for tho nurnose, should inoct two hundred miles away from their respec tive homos. She told mo tho occasion of hot' taking this long journey was a painful ono, and that sho was going to the house of her friend Mrs , tho wifo of our late fellow-townsman. Ho was very seriously ill ; and his wifo, hor friend, had writton that she was nearly ex hausted by anxioty and tho fatiguos of nursing, and that sho, my neighbour, was proceeding to assist as woll as sho could by lier prosenco and holp in the sick housohold. Tiiis was tho explanation of our meeting so long a distnnco from home. ' Tho train moved on and I hoard nothing moro of uny of tlio porsons alluded to' until I rcaahod iny own homo at the oxpiration of luy holiday, when upon inquiry I found that Ms was still vory ill, that indcod thoro was nd reasonable hopo of his recovery, and that in all probability a few days must bring about a con-' elusion of tho mattor by tlio death of tlio sufferer; I then for a wook or two lost sight of tlio cirj cnmstanco, having business calls away from liomij to attend to ; hut upon my second return I saW tho fatlior of tlio lady whom I had mot in thd train at Totness, and who had so generously! gone to liolp her friond inhertroublo ; and upon asking him what news of Mr , ho told md his daughtor was still there, and that Mr ; although still alivo and fast recovering his usual health, had to all appearanco died ; that a cofini was mado, and tho supposod corpse placed in it and that upon tho arrival of tho day appointed for tho funeral, and at tho time for making thd latest preparations for removing tho bior, thd undertaker's man procoedod to screw tlio lid upon tlio coffin, whon to tho groat constornatioii of tho workman ho saw tho body move and at-1 tenipt to turn over. Aftor his first fright, thd man saw that ho was in tho presence of life and not death, and rondored what assistanco was necessary to onablo tho prisoner to escape fronl his very perilous position. Tho supposed dead man gradually recovered consciousness ; hut hid surprise and liorror were great, as ho was fully sensible before tho liabilimonts of death could bd removed from his person. ' The crisis being past, comparalivo health and strength soon camo ; and much to tho joy of wifo and friends, ho was able to again enter intd active life and its concerns. 