MISCELLANEOUS. All editor is pretty certain to lose a patron when his foreman inadvertantly puts a mar riage notice under tho head of Another Swindle Come to Light. The groom instead of accepting the blunder as a new sample of American humor gets awfully mad and wants to murdor somebody. Who had the first free ontranca into a tlu-atre ?-Joseph, when he got into the pit , for nothiug. Compauions.-Prefer the aged, the virtuous, and Lhe intelligent; aud obooso those that : excel for your company, but despise not others. What city docs a kiss resemble ?-Nice. When is a cabman like a carpenter?- - When he's a sorew-driver. Is there any law for striking an attitude. Why is the Isthmus of Suez like the first u in cucumber ?-Because it's between two seas. A model lodging house-The Wax works. The Minister of tho Interior.-A person's ' mouth. Why is a newspaper like an army ?-Be cause it has leaders, columns, and reviews. What is invariably the beginning of love ? The letter L. Sweet oil rubbed on the dkin is said to ba a sure antidote for ivy poison. When is a man nearest related to a fish ? When ho has a good old soul for a mother, aud an old crab of a father. Why do girls like lookiug at tho moon ? Because there's a man in it. What aro they which, though always drunk are never intoxicated ?-Toasts. When does a farmer double up a sheep without hurting it?-When he folds it. When is a blow from a youug lad) wel come?-When she Btrikes you agreeably. Why is a drawn tooth like things lorgol ten ?-Because it's out of the head. To what age do most girls wish to attain ? -Marri-age. To keep warm.-Keep the furnace coaled. Always ready to take a fair view of things. A conductor. ' Why are three couples going to be married like penny trumpets ?-Because they go two two-two. Why are volunteers like old maids? Because they are always ready but never wanted. What does the Queen take her pills in P In-cider. Why would youDg ladies make good volunteers ?-Because they are acoustomed to bare arms. What is the difference between lore and war ? - One breaks heads, and the other hearts. Why is it vulgar to send a telegram? Because it's making use of flash language. A lock that burglars cannot pick-Wed* lock. Charles Kingsley improved.-Men must work and women must dress. When is a thief like a seamstress .'-When ha cuts and runs. Probably-Darwin believes that birds haYe religious distinctions. Hens probably belong to the LA-ity. Why are troubles like babies?-Beoause they get bigger by nursing. Arithmetical Toast-The fair daughters of this land: may they add virtue to beauty, subtract envy from friendship, multiply amiable accomplishments by sweetness of temper, divide them by sociability and economy, and reduce scandal to its lowest denomination 1 What kind of servants are best for hoteh ? -The Inn-experienced. Why had Eve no fear of the measles ? Because she'd Adam. When has a man brown hands?-When he's tand-'em, driving. Why ought a greedy man to wear a plaid waistcoat?-To keep a check upon his stomach. What is the best way of making a coat last ?-Make the trousers and vest first. If a mercenary man were to ask a girl to marry, what flower would he name?-Any money (anemone). When is a man like a green gooseberry ?-> When a woman makes a fool of him. Why is a baker a most improvident per son ?-Because he is continually Belling that which he kueads himself. Why was the Giant Goliath very much a-stone-ished when David hit him with a stone ?-Because suoh a thing never entered his head beforo. Why is a ship like a woman ?-Because sha is often tender to a man of war; often run ning after a smack; olten attached to a great [ buoy; ami frequently making up to a pier. Pleasant fits to have-Those of your tailor* When is a duck likes ghost?-When is's a gobbling (goblin). Pleasantry.-There is as muoh merit in catering to the humorous side of our natura us to the sober and sedate. Men and women were made to laugh and indulge in pleasant* ries just as uiuch as to pray and fast. Be* cause a face is uncommonly long instead;; of wide, it does not follow that its possessor is a first class saint. We would as soon trust a enunteuuuce got up on ttie broad as the long gjuge. A lazy dyspeptic was bewailing his own misfortunes, aud speaking with a friend on lue latter's hearty appearance. "What do you do to make you so strong and healthy?" inquired the dy3peplic. "Live on fruit alone," answered the friend. " What kind of fruit ?"-" The fruit of industry j and I am never troubled with indigestion." Faults.-We find fault in our lives, and w# cut off the weed, but we do not root it up ; we find something wantiug in ourselves, and we supply it not by sowing the divine seed of heavenly principle; we know what is right, but have not the moral courage to do it. Charity is the affection of good, and faith the affection of truth. Excellent Things.-A good book and a good woman aro excellent things for those who know justly how to appreciate their value. Thero are men, howevor, who judge of both by the beauty of tho covering. Upwards of twenty young women are studying theology ia the United States, with the view of becoming preachers. Tho end of man is an action, and not a thought, though it wero the noblest. man that is dosirous to excel should endeavour it in thoao things that are in themselves most excellent. It is not work that kills men-it is worry. Work ij healthy. Worry is rust upon tho blade. It is not the revolution that destroys tho machinery, but the friction. A worthless band-A vaga-bond. Tho oldost luuatic ou record-Time ont of mind, ADVICE te MOTHERS 1-Are you lirukeaiuyour rest bj a sick child suffering with the p.'tiu of cutting tetth t Go at once to the chemist and «et a bottle of Mrs. WINSOW'S Suotjiinq Syrui'. It will relieve tne poor sutferer »m mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to tasty it produceu natural, quiet sleep, by removing the child from paiu, and liie little cherub awakes " us might as * button.". It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allay» aJ] puiii, relieve* wind, regulates the boweis, and is tea best kuuwu muedy tordyaeutcrj ami.diarrhoea,.whether arising t'rum teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow'e Soothing Syrup ia sold by Medicine dealers everywhere «$ la. l^d. per bottle, ilaliul'uctured at .iytf.QxfQttl-atrwtj, Zjoadan.-Adtt, 