RITUALISM A public meeting of lay members of the Church of England was held in the Town Hill Exchange-room on Thursday evening, October 18, to give effect to resolutions proposed at a meeting of laymen held in Adelaide on Sep tember 29, at which a committee was appointed to 'consider and report whether any, and if any what steps should be adopted to neutralize the action of the ritualistic party in the Church.' There was a large attendance. His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut took the chair amidst applauxe, and said the meeting was one of lay members of the Church of England, of whom he formerly with great pride acknow ledged himself as one. The promoters of the meeting—of whom he was not one, although he would join himself to their Association if asked —requested him to address himself to one of the resolutions, but he declined, because in the position he held he had determined so far that he would not subject himself to the temptation of speaking with the heat that he felt he could not restrain in speaking freely on the subject. He felt that he sympathized with the promoters very stongly, and be should neglect his duty as a member of the Church of England if he refrained from taking the chair on the present occasion. (Applause.) He sym pathized with the promoters of the movement, because he felt that he had a vast interest in the matter, and because he had a deep personal grievance in connection with the question. A few years ago there was no member of the Church more regular in his attendance than he was. He took his children there, but he ceased to attend and took his children away, because he felt deeply indeed on the subject of the prac tices being introduced there. (Hear, bear.) He determined that rather than they should be brought up in the tenets of those people they should be brought up in the principles of Unitarianism. Another grievance he had was touching St. Peter's College. His father was one of the founders of that institution, three of his brothers were educated there, and be had desired that his sons, of whom he had six, should also receive their education there. Some six months ago with that object he gave formal notice to the master of the school, where his eldest boy was, that be intended to send him to St. Peter's College, and the boy would have been there now except for the information he had received con cerning the proceedings going on there. He had not sent his son there, although he most earnestly desired to have his boy taught in the College where his father and his brothers had been educated. He was now considering whether be should send the boy to Prince Alfred College or another school, and rather than seed him to get his training in St. Peter's College he would send him to sea or apprentice him. He desired to express his entire sympathy with the gentlemen connected with the Associa tion, and be hoped the questions to be brought forward that evening would receive a fair and impartial hearing on both sides. (Applause.) The Hon. Henry Scott, ML C., moved — "That this meeting approves of the object of the Association as set forth in the advertise ment." He read the advertisement, contain ing the following resolution, which had been reported by the committee referred to: — "That it is desirable to form an Association, to be called the Church of England Association of South Australia, and the objects of Association shall be — to maintain in the Church in South Australia the Protestant principles of the Church of England as by law established ; to preserve simplicity of worship and the purity of teaching derived from the Holy Scriptures; to oppose the dissemination in our churches or Sunday-schools of doctrines at variance there with; and to resist the introduction of ritualism and of all changes and innovations in her services which have in England been declared illegal." He felt a considerable amount of doubt and diffidence as to whether be would be justified in acceding to the request to move the resolu tion. In doing so he wished to make himself distinctly understood that his great and im portant object was to cement and fully establish as far as possible the union of principles of the Church of England in that direction. It might perhaps be the opinion of many persons that the object of the Association — inasmuch as the members of the Church were few— that the object was to excite disruption and disaffection in and from the Church. That was not the case of any member of the Association. He certainly could speak for himself, and he be lieved he could speak for the whole body. He entertained the highest personal respect, he might say veneration, for the head of the Church of England in this colony, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. (Applause.) That respect was cot confined to His Lord ship, but was extended to a large majority of the clergy. In speaking of that veneration and respect for Dr. Short it was not necessary to direct the minds of old colonists to the untiring energy and unwearying zeal of His Lordship's work in establishing the Church of England in South Australia. (Applause.) He was pleased to see that in all his efforts he had at all times thoroughly recognised the rights of laymen. He had noticed, on occa sions when certain members of the clergy had tried to dictate to laymen at meetings of the Synod, he maintained the rights of the laity to express their opinions with great firm ness and fairness. (Applause.) He had always merited the reverence entertained for him, and he was sure all people would feel bound to give him the praise that was his due. He had worked hard and filled our churches for God. There, however, seemed to him to be in the Church of England something like a change or fashion arising. We had been accustomed to attend quiet services in the church, but now there was an excess of for malities, which some called ritualism. That being tbe case, it was not to be expected that we should not object to the innovations that had been introduced here, not only by young members of the clergy that had recently come to the colony, but others who had no special claim upon our reverence or esteem, inasmuch as by their previous careers in secular work, wherein they had been unsuccessful, they did not secure for themselves that amount of public approbation which they desired. They had become members of the clergy and introduced a mode of procedure which was distasteful to most of the members who attended the churches. He would not touch upon the motives of those persons, as it was not for him to any what those motives were. They were gentlemen called Ritualists, and were so known for the views they entertained or expressed. He protested against those views, and other members of the Asso ciation were prepared to resist them. This much he contended that if they occupied the churches which they had built to conduct services in a particular way they should hesi tate a long time before they ventured to obtrude upon the mode of service that was generally adopted. (Cheers.) In all matters of religious doctrine he personally should be willing to give the widest latitude to the views of individual persons, and while he respected the views entertained of those who thought as he did, he also respected the views of those who differed from him. He particularly wished it understood that he did not desire to cast any reflection upon the ritualistic doctrines of certain members cf the Cbnrcb. so long as they did not obtrude those doctrines upon him. He did not like the services and doctrines. He could go further and say that be entertained just as much respect for the doctrines of the Roman Catholics ; but what he did object to was that doctrines which he might almost term pseudo-Roman Catholic should be promulgated in a Protestant church. Now, while they might be disposed to deal lightly with what was called the simplest objections to the mode of services — to the rights and ceremonies and practices in the church, such as genuflections and the bowing to an imaginary presence on the altar — although they might not object very much to the style of millinery which was at present in vogue in the Church — still he thought they should look at the prac tices as a whole, and thought they would admit that the effect of depending principally upon ceremonial would be to detract from tbe spiritual feelings which it was desirable to encourage among their congregations. He would state before leaving this subject that he had the strongest objection to the doctrine that some of their clergy promulgated, viz . that of apostolic succession. Now, be had no objection to a small portion of their clergy holding that view, but he did object to have such a doctrine thrust down their throats. Another question was that these who held the views he had just referred to denied to the rest of them the right of private judgment in religious matters. There was also one thing he wished to refer particularly to, and that was the practice of encouraging auricular confession. (Cheers.) However they might look upon the particular view he had alluded to, it was their duty as laymen of tbe Church of England to let other lay men know that there was a body of Church men to whom they could look for support in any action they might take to maintain a proper form of worship in their churches. Therefore, he thought it would be a good policy if they made some appeal to their clergy and to their Bishop to gain that end. If that was found to be unsuccessful they could have resource to a means that was perhaps best known to South Australians, and that was the power of the purse. They must endeavour to bring a moral influence to bear on their clergy, and if that would not succeed they would have to try the other means by refusing to contribute to churches which were conducted in a manner that they did not approve of. (Cheers and hisses) He felt that should be done in spite of those impertinent persons who hissed. He felt encouraged to call upon the Churchmen of South Australia to endeavour to exercise a moral influence upon tbe clergy through their Bishop, inasmuch as he had always found that when matters were brought fairly before His Lordship be had taken a fair view of the question. (Hear, hear.) One thing that bore out that statement was the way in which he had acted in regard to allowing clergymen of other denominations to preach in the churches of the Church of Eng land. In Victoria that custom was in force, but here their clergy, although willing to use the chapels of other denominations, were not willing to return tbe compliment. He was particularly interested in a church where ministers of diffe rent sects preached. Now, he had found the greatest difficulty in getting that church con secrated, and he was prepared to state that the ritualistic parties had endeavoured to prevent that being done; the consequence was it had been found very difficult to obtain the services of a properly ordained Church of England minister to officiate in the place. That feeling had not been entertained by His Lordship, who, though not altogether approving of this prin ciple, had approved of it in certain cases, provided that limits were placed upon the time it was done. He bad mentioned this to show that if they brought the matter fairly before the Bishop they would have his sympathy. He believed the sense of fair play which had characterized His Lordship's actions in the past would also characterize the course he would pursue if the matter were brought before him in a fair and honest way. At all events he sincerely hoped it would be so. As the out come of the prevailing practices of the ritualistic forces they must expect a very strong desire among them that there should be a priesthood over them, but they did not want to see any priesthood over them, but ministers in their Church. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that in any offensive way, and far be it from him to parade the question of pounds, shillings, and peace in an offensive manner before their clergy. He had said, and he would repeat it, that it was a disgrace that their clergy were so ill-remunerated as they were ; but whether they were ill or well paid the laymen should see that they were not placed under the dictatorial will of the Church. He would move the reso lution standing in his name. (Cheers and dissent.) Mr. J. S. Moulds seconded the resolution, and said he would refer more particularly to the facts that had caused them to call the present meeting and the previous discussion on Ritualism. It was only a day or two ago since he had been asked to define Protestantism. If his attention had never before been called to that word he might have approached it with a degree of hesitation, but during his long life of nearly seventy years he had seen that that word had been received as one of love. It was a word of power, and during the last 200 or 300 years had been a most important word in the laws and traditions of England. Queens or Kings of England in taking the coronation oath were compelled to swear to "maintain the laws of God, the true profession cf the Gospel and the Protestant re formed religion established by law." Therefore they made use of the word Protestant at the most important ceremony of their official life — at their coronation. It was not entirely their Queen who had to swear in that way, but the members of their Legislature and even those who held a creed other than the Protestant were compelled to take an oath" that they would not disturb or weaken the Protestant religion or Protestant Government in the United Kingdom." They could hardly imagine that the members of Parliament and the great head of their country (the Queen) could use words stronger or more important than the word "Protestant." If that word were to lose any of its vital power it would be a matter of sincere regret to him, and if it did lose its power in the stronghold where it had been held to be moat powerful it would be through the fault of its laity. Now, though he used these strong remarks as defining clearly his own views with regard to the word "Protestant," liberty must, of course, be given to others who thought differently, to say what they thought of the meaning of the words "Protestant" and "Reformation." Pro bably no person could express his views more clearly on the point than the Rev. Samuel Green, of Port Adelaide. (Oh.) Now, he held in his hand a sermon preached by the rev. gen tleman in a pulpit at Walkerville, given him for the purpose by Archdeacon Dove. He was not going to read it through — (laughter)— but he would read a few words— (A voice— "Hardly fair")— and any one who wanted to do so could borrow it. The Rev. Mr. Green began thus : — "For nearly three centuries the Church of England has been reeling under the shock of the Reformation. (Hisses.) With senses numbed, energies crippled, and faith obscured, her glory seemed to have departed." (Oh.) That was a Protestant clergyman's view of the situation. In another place he said : — "If per chance my words should reach the ears of any who are doubtful of our purposes and position, I say in your home and my own that, second to our place as Catholics, we are jealous of nothing so much as our position as English Catholics." (Cheers and counter-cheers.) That was the definition of the word "Protestant" as given by the Rev. Mr. Green. The next object of the meeting was to consider the following resolution of the committee : — "To pre serve simplicity of worship and the purity of teaching derived from the Holy Scriptures." As a means of preserving their Protestantism they had the teaching of the Prayer Book, of which they were proud. (Hear, hear.) When he was a child he looked upon the Prayer-book as scarcely second to the Bible, and as a precious inheritance received from his forefathers. He then always understood that the truths con tained in the Prayer-book were to be regarded as explicit, but now they were taught that the Prayer-book must be distorted to mean any thing and everything taught by the Church of Rome. Therefore they had to look through the Prayer-book carefully to see in what way it could be amended if necessary. The grand old Articles were the safeguard on which they could rely. The sixth article said : — "Holy Scripture con taineth all things necessary to salvation, bo that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be received as an article of faitb, or be thongbt requisite or necessary to salvation." Therefore, Holy Scripture to be read and understood by themselves and their children was the safeguard and means of re forming in case of necessity from time to time their Prayer-book whenever they found its truths and doctrines were perverted to some object other than that which they pre viously thongbt they were intended to serve. Some people, of course, might not think that tbe Bible was not an open book to be read by all, and here was a Manual, a book which had an enormous circulation among the Ritualists. It had reached its 19th edition, with probably some 3,000 at each edition. What did they find in the Manual? At page 183 was stated the way in which they were to read the Bible. 'The Church was the judge of the meaning of Scripture and the creeds, and all her other teaching should guide us in trying to under stand it, and should show us its real sense. If men follow their own judgments in reading Scripture there will be as many reli gious, or rather errors, as there are chapters; but if they hear the Church, which is 'the pillar and ground of the truth,' they will read peace fully, securely, and profitably." Further on it was said — ' In all difficulties to consult thy parish priest' (Cheers and counter cheers.) Then the third object of the meeting was "To oppose the dissemination in our Churches or Sunday-schools of doctrines at variance there with — ie, at variance with Protestantism and the Bible." (Hear, hear.) Now, who dissemi nated those doctrines but the clergy ? If the clergy did not disseminate them there would be more peace and quiet. (Hear, hear.) Some three or four months ago he had called a meet ing in his own Parish of St. Bartholomew, to consider a little work given to fifteen boys "by their sincere friend C. O. Elcum at Passion- tide." (Laughter.) That book was full of ritualistic errors, to six of which he would call tbeir attention. When the boys were presented with a copy they were called into a room in the Bishop's own house at North Adelaide. (Oh and cheers.) Each boy had to kneel down and receive the book or benedic tion. (A Voice— '"No.") They received that book from the Bishop's Chaplain— a book which enjoined the doctrine of auricular confession, and spoke of "bowing the head to the altar," whatever that might be. Before proceeding further he would at once say that in using the name of the Saviour he hoped they would not think that he did so profanely or irreverently. (Hear, hear.) The book he referred to taught in the third place that the Saviour would, through tbe absolution of a priest or Bishop, forgive them their sins, and that God would grant them their prayers through the Blessed Virgin Mary. He reverenced the Virgin as a holy woman, but to ask her to intercede was an abominable mockery. (Cheers ) Then the fifth point to which he had objected was that which related to the prayers for the dead, and the sixth was the doctrine of transubstantia tion. He did not think it necessary to consult the Bishop, or any of the clergy, as to the Elcum matter. He considered the clergy were the proper guardians of their religious faith, but if they failed in their duty then it devolved upon tbe laity to stand up and teach the clergy their duty. (Cheers, and a voice— "They want touching up." Laughter.) He wrote, however, to the Bishop, on May 21, on the subject, and received the following reply, dated June 23, 1879:— "Your letter of May 21, containing seven charges against the Rev. C. C. Elcum of teaching doctrine contrary to the principles of our Reformed Church, has just reached me for the first time. As you hold my licence as lay-reader" — Here His Lord ship was rather severe upon him. (Laughter.) — "I call upon you, without delay, to inform me: 1. where; 2, on what occasions — furnishing the data; 3, and to whom — children or adults — Mr. Elcum taught the usages or doctrines you specify as subversive of tbe principles of our Church. Never having heard him preach such doctrines or seen him practice any such usages, I am constrained prima facie to think your charges a breach of the ninth commandment — (laughter) — and, inasmuch as for a month you have been circu lating them unknown to Mr. Elcum and myself, until otherwise informed I must unhappily look upon you as a 'whisperer and backbiter." (Laughter and confusion.) — I remain your obe dient servant, A. Adelaide." In reply to His Lordship's letter he sent him the further par ticulars asked for, and then on the 23th June be received the following letter from the Bishop : — Bishop's Court, June 24. Dear Sir — In reply to your letter and the copy of the "Guide to Heaven" (for both of which I thank you) I remark— 1. That a copy of this book was first brought to me in the after noon of this day (June 24 ), and that I did not know previously of its existence, to the best of my recollection ; 2. That the form of confession in it is not that of the Roman mass — the latter omitting "the Sou and Holy Ghost," and joining the Blessed Virgin Mary, Michael the Archangel, John the Baptist, the Apostles Peter and Paul, all the saints, and the congregation present, with God Almighty, as those to whom the confession is made. Mr. Carter substitutes "before" the whole company of heaven and the priest or spiritual father. The Roman form assumes that the saints in heaven, as well as angels, can hear and receive our confession — in fact places, in this respect, Creator and creature on a level ! Mr. Carter (by implication, though not expressly) does the same, which I utterly reject. 3. The Prayer-book nowhere calls the Communion-table 'altar.' It does speak of "this our sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving" (i.e., "the Eucharist"), and so the table may be called metaphorically an "altar," at which we offer this "spiritual sacrifice," as well as the offering of "ourselves, our souls, and bodies" to His service. The old custom of "turning to the east" in saying the Creeds arose from the Church of England having derived its origin from the Eastern, not the Latin or Western or Roman Church. It is really a sign of our independence of Rome, as that Church does not turn to the east ; on the contrary, tbe Pope consecrates the bread and wine (or "Hostia") turning to the west. The Communion-table in our Cathedral points to the north-west (or actual direction of Jeru salem). Daniel opened his windows towards the same quarter. (4 ) The Church of England certainly affirms in her ordination services that an official authority is given to the presbyters, or ordained priests, to declare and pronounce the absolution or forgiveness of sins over the sinner if truly penitent. Individual confession to a "discreet and learned minister" is also certainly allowed by the Church of England to any sinner who cannot "quiet his own conscience" otherwise. In the "visitation of the sick" the sick man is "first to be moved to a special con fession of his sins." This is private individual confession (or "auricular," i.e. for the ear of the priest only). (5.) Church of England divines hold the passage of St. James to refer to the (then) ordinary practice of "anointing the sick with oil," and not to the later eccle siastical rite called "extreme unction." (6.) Prayers to God that the intercessions of His departed saints, and the "spirits of just men made perfect," may be heard on our behalf as sinners are quite distinct from "invocations of or prayers to the saints," collectively or individually, that they may pray for us. The saints in heaven may be supposed to pray for the "Church militant on earth," though we are not instructed in Scrinture to pray to them for their intercession. (7). Prayers for the departed, such as Requiescat in pace, are not forbidden by the Church of Eng land (vide Privy Council judgment in Breeks v. Woolgrey, 1838), and there is an actual com memoration of the departed in the prayer for the Church militant, as well as in the prayer in the burial service, that we with all those that are departed . . . &c;, "may have our per fect consummation and bliss," &c.; On this review of your accusations I perceive that prac tices such as — (1) "frequently making the sign of the cross; (2), "bowing the head towards (not necessarily to) the altar; (3), "anointing the sick with oil," come under the heads of "corrupt following of the Apostles," or, "fond things vainly invented and grounded on no warranty of Scripture." I disapprove, there- fore, of such formalities being introduced and multiplied in our Church. With regard to "doctrine," the use of the word "altar" may, but does not necessarily, imply false doctrine. The altar of the Romish Church was abolished in Edward VI's reign, and the Anglican Holy Table substituted for it. (N.B.— Our table in the Cathedral is strictly in accordance with Scripture and tbe Church of England's law). The prayer for the intercession of the departed saints is not that "invocation of the saints" which the Church of England forbids in her 22nd Article, nor is the confession of sin "before the whole company of heaven" posi tively forbidden ; though it is open to objection on the ground that the saints departed are thereby assumed to be equally cognizant (as if omnipresent) with the Almighty Himself of our confession ; which idea is irreverent and pre sumptuous in my opinion. On the whole, I consider that the gift to the choir boys of the "Guide to Heaven" without erasure by way of warning against the errors contained in certain passages in it was incon siderate and unfair to them and their parents, such errors not being in accordance with the Scriptural character of the Church of England. I remain, yours faithfully, A. Adelaide. J. Eldin Moulden, Esq. P.S. — Perhaps if you would read in the Con temporary Review for March last the article on "Confession," by George Cowell, F.R.C.S., it might tend to modify your views on that subject. Now, that letter was just such a one as they had a right to expect from His Lordship, and it showed that he did not approve of the doctrines to which he (Mr. Moulden) had objected. (Cheers.) But he regretted that His Lordship should have introduced gentlemen among them who held such objectionable doctrines as he had cited. It was a matter of regret to him that he had permitted Mr. Elcum to officiate after he knew that the rev. gentleman disseminated such views. (Cheers and confusion.) Some corre spondence took place on the subject in the daily Press, where letters were inserted from Arch deacon Dove, Mr. Honner, Mr. Elcum, and Mr. Stanford, who had lately arrived from England, and those letters fully bore out the accusation brought by himself against the Rev. Mr. Elcum. (Hear, hear.) Archdeacon Dove spoke em phatically as to his having been described twenty years ago as a 'Puseyite' — not repudiating the term, but merely saying that it had been applied to him, and he illustrated what he had to say by a little anecdote of Dr. Pusey himself. He evidently regarded Dr. Pusey as one of the high authorities of the Church. Now, what were Dr. Pusey's views upon transubstantiation? (Cheers and uproar.) They were contained in a volume called "Essays on the Reunion of Christendom;" but reunion with the Church of Rome was what they were driving at. (Applause, and "No.") The book was edited by Mr. Lane, and contained an introductory essay by Dr. Pusey. "We are teaching men to believe that God is to be wor shipped under the form of bread, and they are learning the lesson from us which they have re fused to learn from tbe Romish teachers that have been among us for tbe last 300 years. We are teaching men to endure willingly the pain of confession, which is an intense trial to the reserved Anglo-Saxon nature, and to believe that a man's 'I absolve thee' is the voice of God." (Uproar ; and a voice — "We are not Puseyites.") The last point of the report of the committee was— "That it was desirable to resist the introduction of ritualism, and of all changes and innovations in her (the Church's) services which have in England been declared illegal." (Cheers.) As many other speakers had to address the meeting he would leave the matter there, only adding that he heartily seconded the resolution. (Loud ap plause.) Mr. H. P. Dhxtox said- that the Hon. H. Scott and Mr. Moulden had already gone fully into the question, but he could not help saying a word or two upon the rise of ritualism in the Church of Bngland. Until a few years ago they were going on very comfortably 'in the Church here— (applause) — but he dated the first introduction of ritualism into this colony from the time when the Ancient and Modern Hymn-book was first used in tbe services of their Churches. (Confusion ) At that time be was connected witn St. Lake's Church. The question was then raised whether they should get rid of the mitre and adopt the Ancient and Modern Hymn-book, He liked tbe music of the latter, but thongbt at the time, and still held the same opinion, that the intro duction of that hymn-book was the insertion of the thin end of the wedge towards ritualism. They had now seen tbe climax in what their fiiend Mr. Moulden had laid before them that eight with regard to the dissemination of those objectionable little books among tbeir children. (Cheers and dissent.) As far as they themselves were roncerned. perhaps many of them were too old to feel the influence of the doctrine now disseminated by those books, or to alter their religious views in consequence; but they had a dnty to perform on behalf of tbeir children and tbe rising generation who were being taught in the Sunday-schools by Kitualista. He would admit that Ritualists were hard workers in the Sunday-schools, end be gave them all credit for it. (Cheeis.) He was almost going to say that be gave tbe devil bis due. (Laughter, and confusion.) In quoting from the Church Ti:if^, an organ of the Ritualist party, he had eeen a statement which pleiuly showed the plan adopted by the Bitnalist party. He would read it. It waa as follows t— ' A choraJ «-rvic«\ so fax as pnlms and canticles are concerned, on some week-day evening will train people to like a more ornate worship, aud that which began as an occasional luxury will soon be fel: a regular want. Where there is mocthly Com munion let it be fortnightly, where it is fortnightly let it be weekly,' where it is weekly Jet a Thursday office be added ; where all this is already existing candlesticks with unlighted candles may be introduced. — (laugh- ter)— where these 'are already found they {night be lighted mt evensong. Where so much is attained the step to lighting them for the Eucharistic office ia not a long cne. Where the black gown is in use in the pulpit on Sundays let it disappear in the week. The sur plice will soon be preferrt-d. and will oust its rival. It is «u«y for each reader to see how some advance, all in the same direc tion, and that without aiiy otTonce taken.' (Laughter.) Tbe same principle had been carried out in this colony. In the old couutry he bad «eeu,on a recent visit, services performed by Ritualists, of which Mr. Gleeson had said that whui he attended them he did not know whether he waa in a Roman Catholic Church or not till he looked over tbe shoulder of some one who had a Protestant Prayer-book in hit hand, and then he found that he was in a so-called Church of England. He wished tbe meeting to understand that he and his friends were not quarrelling with the Ritualists. (Oh ! and laughter.) They disagreed with them, and they felt that they had a right to work for tbe Pro testants, just as Archdeacon Dove and his party were working for the Roman Citholics. (Applause and confusion.) He observed thut what was styled a few years ago jast simply as morning and evening prayer was now called respectively matins and even song. (Laughter ) On the advice of Archdeacon Dove he bad gone to bear a sermon of his on the subject of Confession, and he noticed that though the Archdeacon spoke of matins and even song when he came to the Prayer-book the words weie simply morning and evening prayer. He subsequently wrote to him on the right of private judgment in religions matters, and in reply received a letter from tbe Archdeacon in which the following passage occurred: — 'I believe in the words of Article VI., that ' the Holy Scripture contains all things necessary to salvation ;' bnt I do not even know what Holy Scripture is nnless tbe Church told me. And did I not accept the teaching of the Church as final I should have no answer for those who deny infant baptism, keep holy the seventh day instead of the first day of tbe week,' &c;, &c; (Applause and dissent ) When children they were all taught that the New Testament was the foundation of the Christian religion, but now they were told by the Ritualists that the Church was the only authority that could interpret Scripture. (Dissent.) Well, he had Arch deacon Dove a own words for it, as was shown by the extract he had quoted. Mr. Paths, whose opening remarks were almost inaudible, owing to the confusion, said be thought Mr. Moulden and the Hon. Henry Scott had undertaken a little too mnch. Mr. Moulden was a lay preacher himself —he had heard him — certainly his sermons were excel ltnt because they were not his own, but their delivery was disgusting. (Roars of laughter.) It seemed to him that the gentleman who ob jected to ritualism did not quite know what it all meant. It was defined in Walker's dic tionary as ' Ritualism — a solemn ceremony,' and be would ask was not the religion of Christ a~ solemn ceremony ? He had no intention of wounding any one's feelings, bnt he though seme people ought to know better. Tbe Bishop went fromschoel to college, and had won honour in his position and vocation, and a more genial, pleasant, nice old gentleman was not known. (Applause.) He could understand barristers pitching into a Judge, but he could not understand people act ing as some had that night— they might know something about the law, but they knew nothing about the Gospel. (Laughter.) The Chairkah here interposed and asked for a hearing for the speaker, with the remark that when gentlemen waxed a trifle warm on an ex citing subject a little latitude should be allowed. Mr. Patmb continued — He moved as an amendment — 'That Bis Lordship the Bishop, of Adelaide is quite competent to deal with any objectionable practices that have been carried out or are being carried out by tbe clergy of South Australia without the intervention of the laity.' (Applause and dissent.) Mr. Cbcttrmdbm seconded, and said he had always been taught to reverence the ministers of God. A respectfnl feeling towards the clergy wag tbe inherent feeling of Englishmen. When he was a boy be was taught to look upon tbe clergyman of bis parish as hia gnide and teacher. Remarks had been made about tbe gradual alteration in the Churcb of Eugland Prayer-book. The Prayer-book as it stood represented the doctrines of tbe Church of England, and it could not be expected that those in the Church would wish to see that which they venerated should be renovated. He would be very sorry to advise any one— tbe doctrine was broad enough and simple enough for all, and every endeavour should be made to promote a proper feeling in the Church; but for those whose convictions were that the doctrines taught were wrong and not in accordance with the New Testament the only course was to separate from the Church. (No, and Hear, hear.) Advice could be taken as to the alteration in the Prayer-book, bnt for a person to say that because he did not approve of the customs followed in his Church he would take his children away and make them deny the divinity of Jesus Christ showed a want of proper religious feeling and reverence. (Applause and hisses). The Chairman here called the. meeting to order, remarking that the question was too serious to be made a subject of buffoonery. He was informed that the gentlemen of the Cathedral Choir were in the room, and if so he wonld invite them to take a place on the plat form if they wished to express their views. Mr. J. B. Hughbs said the doctrines of the Church were not being taught in the way they were taught to those who built those churches at the tima when the colony was young. The doctrine now taught in some of the churches was not the pure and simple service they had been accustomed to hear. Now we heard of alterations and ceremonies in our churches which were not in accordance with the old English worship established by law in England. As to tbe course adopted by the promoters of the present movement, be would ask what more respectful measure could the gentlemen have adopted than in the first instance to call together and state their case publicly as waa now being done at the meeting, aud to propose a petition to His Lordship the Bishop ? What more fair or respectful plan could have beep entered upon than that ? And how was the Bisbep to know the requirements and opinions of the laymen unless they put the matter before him in a plain straightforward manner? He (Mr. Hughes) came here in 1S40, and helped to build almost every church in the colony until 1859, when he want to England. (Applause.) He thought he had a reason to con sider himself one of the most sincere friends of tbe Church of England in South Australia, and he wished to remain one of its laity to the end. That was why he moved in the matter. There was no man living in tbe colony who gave more money to St. Peter's College than he had. (' Ob.' and sppliuse.) He wan present at tbe founding of that institution. There were only 25,000 people in tbe colony then, and only twexty-two scholars mustered at the time tbe foundation-stote was laid. There was ore particular iustunce which showed bow religion had been changed from what it was wlun that school waa established. That con s'sted in tbe instruction in connection with tbe communion, the doctrice of confession to a priest b- ing taught. (Hi'ses and confusion.) It was mid by tbe person he referred to that he wonld not urge people to practise auricular confession, but be intimated that tbe only way to become reconci:e4 to God was to go to a priest. ( Hisses and nproar. He (Mr. Hughes) was in mnch the snme position as the Hon J. P. Boucaut in regard to bis children, as he intended to send bis boys to tbe College, but having learned the way the Christian religion was taught in the Church of England he maintained that this doctrine as now taught was not known here in the churches built in tbe days he had referred to. (Hear, hear.) He weuld like to see His Lordship tbe Bishop exactly as he was in those day* when he devoted himself to tbe founding of tbe Church of Eng land in its pure and simple doctrine. The pro minent teaching of the Church was that every man should search tbe Scriptures for himself, but now we were taught to look noon our clergymen for everything to gnide our con sciences. He for one wonld not take his guidance from any man, much as he respected the clergy. As be said in Sydney, he reverenced the teaching of the man, bnt not tbe man or for sake of the office he held. (Applause.) What had cost so mnch bickering and trouble in tbe Church was the doctrine of apostolic succession— a doctrine repudiated by some of the most able men in the Church of England — such men as Archdeacon Whately and Dean Alford. (Applause and interruption.) That waa the basis of Mr. Stanford's teaching. (Confusion.) Tbe doctrine was one that able men in England scouted, and here in this colony it was being promulgated. (Hear, hear, and interruption.) The Association were endeavouring in a respect ful way to have tbe Church brought back to the pure and Christian doctrines anon which it was founded. He would not be guided in his con science by Bishops and prelates, and would therefore try all be could to restore the proper state of things. He would try to get all the laity to agree witn biro, hire a room, and con duct service nntil they got strong enough to support s minister. (Prolonged applause.) One speaker had intimated that we should be led blindfold by the clergymen, and thit we should believe in tbeir teaching. He would oppose that principle to the utmost — our religion wss ore of self- reliance. It was tbe very nature of Englishmen to be pi lf-rt liant, and it was to the inculcation of that { rmciple of independence and self-reliance that England rwed her greatness. (Applause.) H» hoped that the colony would not lose that quality, although the teaching of novae persons strnck at the root of it. Australia's bods and daughters should not gisre up their consciences which they wonld be doing by confessing to a priest aJl their little peccadilloes. Let a man go thrcugb the world honfstly and feAriensly. snd meet his Maker as an honest. God-fearing i;jan, but rot through ihe intervention o: a jirif-st. (Arplaise.) Mr. A. E. Smtth paid there wag no word aboat conscience in the Praver-book. Jibe Church of England was doing arid bsd done a great work in founding schools, eveuiag classes for the people, and accomplished wonders by hearty zeal in Church work. The spiritual life of the Church was almost dead at oue time, m could be shown by the fact that it was found only necessary to open the churches for Ftirvice on one Sunday in the week-- - i laughter. 1 He meant for one service in tha wt-tk. Now, the Prayer-took provided for services during the week. The lust speaker appeared to thiak that the only sure means of salvation consisted in building churches. (~ No,' and confusion.) He forgot the times when it was a privilege to build a church. (Mr. Hughes— 'But not to be tamed out of them.') Looking into the Prayer-book, be found distinctly the following words: — ** Our Lord Jesus Christ, who has left power to Hii Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him of His great mercy to forgive their offences, and by His authority committed to me I absolve thee from all thy sin*. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He believed in his own mind that was right, but he would not say so. (Laeghter and biases.) The Ohaibmak interposed, and expressed a hope that tbe meeting would hear the olher side fairly. He did not wish to expres* his belief or otherwise in auricular confession, but he meant to say that the Church of England taught that doctrine. ('No.') The Prayer-book is the oommunions said: — 'And because it is requisite that no man should come to tbe holy communion bnt with a full trust in God's mercy and with a quiet con science, therefore if thtre be any of you who by this means cannot quiet bis own conscience herein, bnt reqniretb further comfort or counsel, let him come to me, or some other discreet and learned minister of God's word, and open his grief, that by tbe ministering of God's holy word he may receive the benefit of absolution together with Ghostly counsel and advice to the quieting of his conscience and avoiding of all scruple and doubtfulness.' Another example occurred in tbe service of ordination of priest*, wherein tbe Bishop lay bis hands upon the head of tbe subject, and said : — ' Receive tbe Holy Ghost for the office and work of priest in tbe Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our bands. Whose sins thou doet forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they aie retained,' &c.; (Noise and interruption.) Mr. Bakburt said personally speaking he was a High Churchman, a fact of which he was not ashamed, and did not apologize for it as the last twoBpeakers had done — (Mr. Smyth— ' No.')— but he would ask tbe meeting to listen to a question which bad not appeared to be touched ? upon, and that was, was tbe Church to be worked npon a sectarian principle? They asked the Bithop to decide on a certain resolution, and by doing so they divided the Church into two patties. Would it not be far better than having these sectarian difficulties to work together and fight against sectarianism and the worst branch of it — Roman Catholicism ? They would all agree that the Church had a grand future before it if not divided by parties — (Hear, hear)— but he thonght it would be a most lamentable matter if Xis Lordship were bound down on one side or the other by any resolution that might be passed. He thought it was almost an insult to His Lord ship to have called this meeting at all — (Hear, hear) — when they had in the Bishop a man who had worked for many years for the good of the diocese, as His Lordship the Bishop had done. The matter ought to to dealt with by the Church and not by the laity. (No, no.) ; Mr. W. A. Catvthobxb said he had very little hope of obtaining redress by petitioning tbe Bishop. He felt rather inclined, seeing the gravity of the matter, to ask the meeting and tfce promoters of it to be very careful ia the manner in which they passed the resolution. The meeting was not intended to be antagonistic to ritualism — (Ob, ob) — but it wished it known, as Mr. Hughe* had said, that in thiscolony Churches bad been established with no ulterior views of ritualism, and that those who bad subscribed to these Churches bad never contemplated any meetings to protest against ritualism. Le.t those who adhered to ritualism go out of the Churcb. (Hear, hear, and nproar.) He did not objret to ritualism being practised, but those who adhered to it had no right to come into tbeir churches and pre»s such doctrines on them, but should build churches of their own, where they could worship as they chose. The Church of EngUml was by law established in England, bnt here it wss free and the State bad no control over it. He thought a resolution in the following form would be what was wauted : — ' That as tbe Synod is the constituted body and authority to regulate all matters pertaining to the spiritual and tem poral welfare of the Church of England in South Australia, it ia the opinion of this meeting that no innovations, whether in doctriueor discipline, can be recognised as legal unless such innova tions have first received tbe sanction of the Sj nod.' The Hon. H. Scott, in reply to the remarks made by Mr. Cawtborue regarding the position of tbe Church of England here, pointed out that all the promoters of the meeting wished to maintain wss the Church of England in South Australia with the Protestant principles as by law established. (Hear, hear.) They bad no wish to introduce any particular law, but to preserve certain principles of the Church. Mr. Payne's amendment was negatived by a large show of hands, and tbe motion was de clared carried by a large majority. Captain O'Halloihx moved — ' That the signature of the lay members of the Church of England be obtained to a memorial to His Lordship the Bishop desiring him to give effect to the views of tbe memorialists as expressed in the previous resolution.' Be said that when he reflected upon the lament able movement which had for years past dis turbed and irritated the Church at home, and had spread itself even here, he was sure all present would deplore with him the occasion which brought them together. The meeting was convened by members of the Church who, firm in their adherence to the work of the lie formation, viewed with indignation the efforts made to un-Protestantize the Church, and who were resolved to uphold and assent Protestant principles and nimplicity of worship, and to pro tect the young and weak of the flock from the corrupting inttuence of insidious teaching and ritualistic practices in their churches and Sun day-schools. They would not be driven from tbeir churches without a struggle by innovators who, though holding office, were not in th* spirit of tbe Church. As a first step, it was proposed that a memorial to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide should be prepared by tbe Executive Committee of the Association, and forwarded for signature to all the Churches as early as possible. There could belittle doubt ancb a plain outspoken address, setting forth tfce gripvauce th-'y laboured under by the action of certain clergy who outraged tbe customs, teach ings, and principles of the Protestant faith they bad sworn to observe and maintain would be largely signed. They had transformed tbe simple devotional service of the Church into a sensuous theatrical exhibition, calcu lated to captivate weak minds and bring ttiem into sacerdotal subjection, thus supplaut irg the worship of the Creator for the worship of the creature. He would quote Bishop Short's own experience, who in speaking of Churcb music pointed to ' those who mistake emotional excitement for the devotion of the heart— two very different things.' The Archbishop of York in March last plainly told the Convocation ' th*t tbe question before them was whether the Church and nation would desert the ground on which the Reformation left them and return to a bondage from which they had escaped.' Tbe Bishop of Llandaf had informed the Honse of Lords that ' there were some very grave reasons for paying attention to the warnings of writers as to tbe Jesuits, who, under the guise of Protestants, were seeking to undermine the Church.' Yet tbe Bench of Bishop] had tole rated this, the result being that a large number of its best members had withdrawn from the Church and bad formed tbe Reformed Episcopal Churcb. Those at borne who still held to the Church had found it necessary to form a Church of England Association for protec tion against ritualistic aggression, in which Bishop*, Deans, ArcbdeacoBP, Canons, and others of the clerical bodies had enrolled tbeir names. Here as in Bngland they must expect the countenance and aid of tbe liberal evangelical ministers of tbeir communion and tbe strong support of tbe Synod. They would expect the Bishop as head of the Churcb to give dne consideration and weight to their representations. Whatever might be His Lord ship's reply, be was confident they would be able to stem the torrent. Let their motto be, ' S'icvt patribvs sic Dens itobis' — as with our fathers »o be it with us. (Cheers.) Mr. Habobavr. C.E., seconded, and said he wonld be very sorry to attempt to coerce tbe views of those who were called Ritualistic*, but it was a very different thing if those gentlemen attempted to introduce their views into the tecetn of the Chnrch. That must be put a atop ro. The Ritualiots carried on certain cere B-ouitf, sn:h aa bowing and turning to the east, although they were not always correct in the direction in which they tamed, because at tbe Cathedral they bowed towards the large witdow at the north-west end of tbe building. Then there were candlesticks and the peculiar millinery of tbe ritualistic ministers. These ceremonies might be very trivial in their way. but tbuy showed the direction in which the stream ran. The o&e; thing that the Bitualista sought was power. As the Jesuits were to the Churcb of Borne »o were the Ritualist's to t*-e Church of England. He had betn in the colony twenty-five yearc. arid had not kiiown of any thicg ritualistic until fourteen years ago. The sp«-*ktr tbtn spoke at fc— ,e length upon sarer dofali^ir. concirc4ir:g by rarcesth' appealing to tbe rneeticg to mjju the memorial' which it was proposed to seud 'to the Bishop. Mr. J. S. Savstieb.' ppoke in Rupport of the motior, and exprtBted hia abhorrence of ritu?lism. Mr. CKrTTEJfDiJf cited some passages from various autrors, but Ihe CBAlBVAif ruled that as no amendment was brought forward he should put the second resolution, which was carried unanimously. The proceedings then closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, moved by Mr. H. B. Huqhbs. seconded bv Mr. Ohb»™. 