Education in France. Tur Ieracld's Paris correspondent says : A bill just brought in by one of the new men, 11I. Jules Ferry, for preventing monm bers of any of the unauthorised religious fraternities from engaging in the business of teaching, either in public schools, in pri vate ones, or in any educational establish ment, is exciting a storm, as those against whom this bill is directed have fully one half of the teaching of the country in their hands. The prohibition is specially inten ded against the Jesuits ; but the uuauthor. ised societies engaged in teaching are twenty-seven in number, and comprise .0!"37 members. At the head of the list are the Jesuits, with twenty- seveno establishments and 848 priests. Next came the Edists, tlh Mairists, tihe Basilians, the Dominicans, tihe congregations of the Sacred Heart, &c.; "In point of fact, there are but five associations '"recognised" by the State as " Religious Fraternities ;" these are the Lazarists, tihe cSemiicary for Foreig Missions, tihe priests of Saint Sulpice, the Fraternity of the Holy Ghost, and that of the missionaries of St, Francisdo Sales ; in addition, four com. cmunities are " recognised"-the Capuchincsc of Chambbery, of Youno, and of Hautecumbe .and the Cisiercians of Albortville. These four and the St. F'raqcis missionaries wore recognised de faclo by the annexation of Savoy. Finally, three associations of men aire legally recognised, not as "religious fraternities," but as charitable b6dies devoted to primary education and as estab lishmluents of public utility.. In the first ranik of these are the " Christian Brothers." These twenty-three legally, authorisod assoliations possess 2023 public schools, 708 free schools, ancd consist of 20,841 nembers. They are not affected by M. Ferry's bill; but the. perturbation it is causing throughout France niay be judged offrom the fact that 71,000 pupils, prin cipally of. the middle and upper classes, cttend the unautlhorised religious schools, vhle only 70,000 attend the schools of thi ,State, 