TOWN NEWS. The Siam arrived at King George's Sound at half-past 3 on Wednesday morning, and left again for Adelaide at 9 o'clock. She should reach Olenelg on Sunday, and Hobaon'a Bay early on Tuesday morning. The new railway station at Prince's bridge has been recently lighted with gaB made on the premises from crude Bhale oiL The light produced is officially said to be of a very brilliant kind, and in every way superior to the ordinary coal gas. The adjourned meeting of St. Mary's Edu cation Union, Hotham, took place in St. Mary's schoolroom on Sunday afternoon; the Very Rev. Dean England in the chair. It was one of the largest and dlbst representative meet ings which have been held in Hotham for some time. All the resolutions adopted at the previous meeting of the union were con firmed, and the following gentlemen were elected officers President, Very Rev. Dean England; vice-presidents, Mr. T. Fogarty, J.P., and Mr. Richard Meagher; committee, Messrs. W, J. Cross, J.P., William Kiely, Francis Roche, Powderley, J. W. Ryan, Laurence Ward, Michael Callanan, James M'Loughlin; hon. secretary, Denis Fitz patrick. After the election of officers, upwards of 250 gentlemen, who were not pre sent at the last meeting, enrolled themselves as members of the union. "The next meeting will be held on next Sunday, at half-past 3, at St. Michael's schoolroom, to form a branch in that part of the electorate. In the list of imports by the s.s. Nelson, from Portland, published in Monday's Argus^ there was an item not likely to attract the no tice of the reader, but to which nevertheless some interest belongs. The import in question appears in the list as "1 plough," and as such might be passed over without notice, j It appears, however, that this is a historic implement, being the plough with which the late Mr. Edward Henty practically "turned the first sod" in Victoria, at Portland, in the latter part of the year 1834. I The exhibition of the schools of design is to be held at Ballarat this year, and will be opened on the 22ud of this month. The Railway department have consented to take the pupils, teachers, and friends to Ballarat and back on the day of the examination (29th July), on the same terms as the state school excursions, viz.-Pupils, Is. each; teachers, 2s. 6d. each ; friends, 4s. each. It is expected that from 600 to 800 persons will visit the exhibition on that date. Arrange ments will also be made for the pupils of the Sandhurst and Geelong schools to attend. The secretary to the commission, Mr. S. H. Roberts, proceeds to Ballarat early this week to make the necessary arrangements. We learn that it is not probable the cable between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie will be repaired before next week. The company's repairing steamer is believed to be at Batavia, and in that event she could bring across to Port Darwin any messages which might have reached there before the interruption to cable 1 communication became known. Although the contract with the Netherlands India Company for the conveyance of messages between Banjowanjie and Port Darwin re mains in force, nothing is known as to whether there are steamers now available for the service. Penny savings banks ore to be established in connexion with the state schools of the colony. The system applies only to schools with ah average attendance of 250 and up wards. The work will be done by the head teacher and the first assistant. Deposits are to be received once a week, and no sum in excess of 5s. will be received at a time. As soon as a child has accumulated £1, an acconntwill be opened in his own name in the Post-office Savings Bank. Instructions have been issued to the teachers, and the system will come into operation as soon as the books, which are being printed, are ready. The members of the board appointed by the Government to decide on the competitive designs for the new bridge to replace Prince's bridge are the Minuter of Public Works (chainnan), Mr. Steel, Inspector-General of Public Works, and Mr. Turner, Engineer of Roads and Bridges. The City Corporation has nominated the .Mayor and Councillor Holtom, and Emerald-hill has nominated Councillor Boyd. Prahran and St Kilda have failed to send in any nomination, and the constitution of the board is therefore in complete. The arrangement was that the Government should contribute one-third of the cost of the bridge, the Corporation one third, and the suburban districts named one third. If Prahran and St. Kilda fail to.carry out their portion of the agreement it is not improbable that the project will be aban doned. It has been decided to increase the strength pf the Bansard staff by the appointment of a fourth reporter. The phoice of the Govern ment has fallen upon Mr. E. B. Loughran, a member of the Parliamentary staff of !T/ie Argus, who entered upon his new duties on Tuesday. ? . As showing jtbe, improvement which is already being effected by the Harbour Trust in the navigation of th$Yarra, it maybe men tioned that the steamer Lepra, from Sjrdqey, drawing 15ft. -Sin. forward, and 17ft. aft, tfaa , taken upthe riveron Monday morning by Pilot Murrell. The tide was favourable, but stiU it has Jiitherto been a tare circumstance tor teasels having a draught of over 16ft. to go op tiven with the highest tides. At a meeting of the Works Committee of the Harbour Trtifet held on Monday afternoon, on the motion of Commissioner Nimmo, seconded by Commissioner Keid, the follow* itig resolution was agreed toThat with the view of carrying out Sir John Coode's suggestion, in so far as cutting through tfishermen'B Bend is concerned, application be made to the Government for the whole of the area within the curved lines tinted red on the plan presented to this meeting by the resident engineer; and that, contingent upon this application being granted, theengineerbe instructed to employ, in addition to the 310 men now at work for the trust, 100 extra men in excavating on the land referred to, and thus not only greatly relieve the exiBt ing distress, but commence an important national work." The quarterly meeting of the Victorian Institute of Architects was held at the Athenaeum on Monday afternoon. Mr. George Wharton was in the chair. Messrs. Alfred Purchas, N. Billing (vice-presidents), and Peter Matthews (hon. Becretary), were ap pointed delegates to attend the Social Science Congress of the Melbourne International Exhibition. In order to encourage a spirit of emulation among the members of the Victoria Volunteer Engineer Corps, and at the same time give an impetus to a practical study of military engi neering, it has been decided to offer for com petition a number of gold and silver medals for the best eBsays on a scheme of defence for Dandenong. The circumstances under which the scheme of defence is to be considered are, that it is assumed that an enemy has landed a force of 1,000 men, inclusive of a field battery of six rifled uns, con sisting of three nine and three six pounder guns, and is advancing from the direction of Western Port towards the town- ! ship of Dandenong. The defence will con sist of 500 men of all arms, inclusive of a field battery similar to that of the attacking force. The minor details to be regarded are set out in a circular, which can be obtained by intending competitors on application- The rewards will consist of medals and clasps, to be worn on the right breast, a gold medal being the first class prize and a silver medal the second. A social meeting was held on Monday in the Town-hall, Prahran, for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. J. Laurence Rentoul, M.A., to the pastorate of the East St. Kilda Presbyterian Church, There was a large audience. Sir James M'Culloch presided. Our London correspondent writes " It is stated in well-informed quarters that Sir George Bowen is not likely to remain long at the Mauritius, a transfer to another gover norship being in contemplation." The curator of intestate estates has ob tained rules to administer the estates of the following deceased persons .-Thomas Boy han, Sandhurst, died April 27, 1878, amount of property sworn to £269 10s.; David Collins, Ascot-vale, near Melbourne, May 12, 1879, £21 8s.; Michael M'Evoy, Timor, May 20,1879, £17; Michael Corrigan, Buchan, May 22, 1879, £309 10s.; Octavius Daniel Mathias, No. 205 Latrobe-street west, Melbourne, May 26,1879, £51 9s. 8d. Mr. T. P. M'lnemey was on Tuesday ad mitted as a barrister of the Supreme Court. The following gentlemen were admitted to practise as attorneys of the Supreme Court: -George Bacchus, Thos. Plumley Derham, Louis Horwitz, Henry S. Pyman, Wm. Morris. The following important declaration with reference to the new Catholic organisation is made in the Advocate of Saturday last: " The Catholic organisation is not being formed to claim a separate grant for our body, still less for any alteration of the act in favour of denominational education. That really is what we should like best, as it would give the chnrch that complete control which in the education of youth it is salutary it should possess; but, yielding to the opinion of the majority, tthat concession is not de manded. The movement only aims at ob taining such an alteration as will leave the control of secular education in its present hands, but will, at the same time, leave Catholics, Protestants, Jews, and aU other sects, perfectly at liberty to make adequate provision for the religions education of their children in school between school hours." The Police Gazette contains an intima tion of the retirement of Police Super intendent Samuel Stackpoole Furnell, who has attained the -age at which officers are superannuated. The conference of school boards of advice metonWednesday in the Town-hall, andpassed a series of resolutions, among others one affirming the desirability of increasing the number of days for the compulsory attend ance of children at school from 30 to 45. Several delegates expressed themselves strongly in favour of increasing the number to 50, while others expressed their fear that increasing the number of days for com pulsory attendance would increase the diffi culty of carrying the compulsory clauses of the act into effect. The conference adjourned without fixing a date for next meeting. With regard to the duty on the export of redgum.Mr.GilliesonWednesday endeavoured to obtain a pledge from the Government that the impost would not be enforced. Mr. Long more'would orly state that he hoped his Forests Bill would become law before the 31st August, when the redgum duty takes effect. This bill, he says, deals With the whole ques tion. ; i The Bishop of Melbourne lectured, to an audiehce of 1,200 persons at the Mechanics' Institute, Geelong.on Wednesday evening, his subjetjt being, " A Remedy for Distress in Victoria." ^ Dr. Moprhouse, who described the 6uterings of,;<the .selectors, in some parts of his diocese as being almost . beyonjd belief, expressed the opinion that the oply. way to ^permanently relieve the. distress which exis^d was to make the land more productive b^ irrigation and other fer tiliaing agencies, lib suggested, tbetefore, that the Government should prepare ft scheme and commence works of irrigation at the eatliest possible moment. The lecture, a report of which Appears elsewhere, greatly interested the audience, who passed a cordial vote of thanks to the bishop. Our obituary contains the name of Sir Robert \T *er.\ wk° on Wednesday at New Norfolk, Tasmania. Sir Robert had been for' many years Speaker of the Tastnanian House of Assembly, although he had ceased to occupy the position some time before* his death. He was an active promoter of ac climatisation, and his name will be long remembered in connexion with the introduc tion of the Balmon into Tasmania. A writ was issued on Wednesday against Mr. Berry, the Chief Secretary, at the suit of the proprietors of the Daily Telegraph news-' paper, in which £5,000 damages are claimed for slander. The plaintiffs wrote to Mr. Berry drawing his attention to the report of his speech of the 1st July, in which he said that he had. been told by a squatter that all the Opposition journals, except The. Argus, were subsidised by the Constitutional Associa tion, asking for the name of his informant, and whether he was prepared to substantiate the statement so far as the Daily Telegraph was concerned, and requesting him to name an attorney on whom process could be served in the event of his refusing to answer the questions. Mr. Berry returned no reply to the communication, and on Wednesday the writ was issued against him. . Some excitement has lately been caused I in mercantile and shipping circles by ( the stoppage, Bince the Government took possession of the M. and H. B. Railway Company's undertaking, of free passes on those lines that the cpmpany for many years have been in the habit of allowing. It seems that many employes of merchants and officers of vessels visiting the port have been allowed free passes, and in these and other cases Mr. Woods has stopped them. The schedule of Mr. Isaac Lyons, who has traded as J. Lyons and Co., of Melbourne, auctioneers, was filed in the Insolvent Court 011 Thursday. The causes of insolvency are set dow n as having become security for the pay- I ment of large sums for S. Solcberg and Son 1 and others, and the failure of the Baid per sons, losses by bad debts, and depreciation in the value of investments. The liabilities were set down at £16,791 19a. od., and the assets at £9,034 13s. 4d., leaving a deficiency of £7,757 Cs. Id. Mr. Halfey is assignee of the estate. Mr. Foster, the mining surveyor at Bright, has reported to his department that the districts of Chiltern and Bright present a favourable field for the employment of a very large number of miners, although consider able capital is required to develope their re sources. The following tenders were accepted by the Public Works department on Thursday: Supply of 36 dredging buckets for steam dredge Wombat, Johnson and Co., £359 17s. 6<L; new cylinder, &c.;, and repairs to ma chinery of dredge Alligator, Forman and Co., At the examination of the telegraphy class, held at the Industrial Museum on the 8th inst., the following passed, the first five with ' creditMessrs. W.. Drummond, J. Galvin, E. Blake, Mrs. R. E. Moseley, Misses M. Murnane, M. W. Nolan, K. Sheedy, J. N. Holmes, M. M'Millan, E. Pemell, M. Wil son, E. Clarkson, A. J. CSarkson, H. De Giuchy. A special meeting of the Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society was held in the Temper ance-haJl, Melbourne, on Thursday, for the purpose of making the final arrangements for the society's annual exhibition, which takes place in the Temperance-hall on ^23rd inst. and three following days. Mr. Ingram, the vice- president, presided. The secretary stated that he had only received one entry for the fljing match, Sandhurst to Melbourne, on the 24th inst., members not wishing to send their birds such long journeys in mid winter. It was decided to alter the dis tance to Kyneton, and the race will therefore take place on the 24th, from Eyneton to Melbourne, the entries to remain open until the 19th inst. The meeting was in favour of having the birds liberated at in tervals of five minptes, instead of all being let go at once as heretofore, and a sub-com mittee was appointed to arrange the de S.S. del Vescovo and Sani, the sculptors, having been invited to contribute some specimens of their art to the approaching Sydney Exhibition, have modelled a group of ! figures in terra cotta, which would probably prove very effective if executed on a large scale m bronze or marble. The composition bears the hackneyed title of "Advance Aua- i tralia," but the originality of the design 1 compensates for the triteness of the designa tion. 6 It appears that a man named M'Grath, who was engaged by the committee of the unemployed to collect money in aid of the objects of that committee, was asked for his collection-sheets and money, but did not produce them, and has nof been seen since. Inquiries have shown that he does not live at the place which he gave as his residence. The public are cautioned against giving him any money, as it would probably not be devoted to the object for which it was in tended. The collection-sheets in the pos. session of M'Grath are numbered from 42 to 50, inclusive. The monthly meeting .of the Royal Society of Victoria was held on Thursday evening in thn anfiat.n'a hall U. D r mi. T? -? tails. by marriage and adoption, the traifcotn of kill* ing the aged fend sick, infanticide, the belief of the natives in the exit of the soul in dreams, and in ghosts, fee. It was resolved that the paper be printed, and the thanks o£ the society be conveyed to'Mr. Codrington and Mr. Fison, through Mr. Bosisto. Mr. Cosmo Newbery then read a paper on " Soma New Localities for Minerals." Tenders for the supply of pins for tramway rails, fot the use of the Victorian Railway de* partment, were received yesterday, and tho lowest was from W. Brierly, £43 Os. 9d. Tenders for other services wete opened, and referred to the engineer-in-chief for re port. Mr. Newman, who is superintending the operations of the diamond drill at work oa< the ground of the Garden Gully Company, Sandhurst, telegraphed to the Mining de partment on Thursday afternoon that ho washed excellent prospects of gold from the debris forced up with the pump from a depth of 410ft., and that there was also brought up a core showing several specks of gold. The Oeelong Advertiser states that Mr. Cadwallader, the Gcelong railway station master, has been appointed inspector of rail way stations. His place is to be filled by Mr.. Sinclair, stationmaster, at present located at Maryborough. An evident attempt at incendiarism wag discovered yesterday morning by Constable Davenport in St. Kilda. The constable was on duty at 20 minutes past 1 in Inkerman street, when he observed a light under the flooring of the Newmarket Hotel, and found that it consisted of some burning raxs satu rated with kerosene, which had been placed under one of the joists. He at once ex tinguished the flame and roused Mr. Henry Raines, the landlord, who was Naturally sur prised. On examining the ground, footprints of a man were seen leading from the fire into a neighbouring yard, where some rags corre sponding to what had been placed under the house were found. Mr. Raines is insured for £900. Rules were made absolute in the Supreme Court on Thursday for the compulsory seques tration of the estate of Frederick W. Musica, late of Williamstown, publican, on the motion of Mr. Taylor ; Edward A. Patterson, of Sale, auctioneer, on the motion of Mr. Lawes. We understand a number of the share holders in the Australasia Coal Company have come forward with the Tall amount due to the bank, and have taken up its position. Ample time is thus afforded to BeU at a fair price or to tioat a new company. It is believed that a new company wi'l be formed, a prospectus published, and share-lists open for public application in a few days. The Cabinet held a meeting yesterday after, noon. Ministers were chiefly occupied with the preparation of financial and other mea sures for submission to Parliament A meeting of the council of the Reform League was held last evening, Mr. J. Fisher in the chair. A letter was directed to be sent to the Government, stating the results of the conference juBt closed, and requesting that the resolutions adopted might be given effect to. The secretary was also instructed to write to Messrs. MacMahon and Yeomans, asking for an explanation of their several proceedings in connexion with the late Fitz roy and East Melbourne elections. The committee appointed by the sub* scribers to the Benevolent Asylum to inquire into certain affairs connected with the insti tution, held another sitting yesterday after noon in the boardroom of the asylnm, and examined a number of inmates. The in quiry was then adjourned to Tuesday next, at 3 o'clock. The charge of assault preferred by Mr. John P. Tennant against Plain-clothes Patrol Peter Rattigan was further investigated at the City Police Court yesterday. The exami nation of the witnesses for the defence occupied the whole day, and was hot con cluded until a late hour in the evening. The l^nch then retired, and after being in con sultation for over anhour, returned into court, and the mayor announced that a majority of the magistrates were of opinion that the assault had been committed by the constable, who was fined £5, or one month's imprison ment. Dr. Madden requested the Bench to increase the amount to £5 5s., in order that the defendant might have an opportunity o£ appealing to a higher court, but the Bench declined to alter their decision. 