LENTEN PASTORAL OF HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHOP OF BATHUEST. Matthew, by the grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See, 'Bishop of Bathurst, to the Catholic clergy and laity of the Diocese of Bathurst. llev. Brethren and Dearly Beloved Brethren) — As the holy season of Lent once more draw3 nigh, I feel called upon to address you a few words of encouragement and advice that you with profit to your souls. Our Holy Mother, the Church, iu the inspired words of the Apostle reminds us that '''now is tho acceptable time;' now is the day of salvation.' She lias set apart the forty days of Lent as a season of penance, prayer, and works of charity. By these holy exercises she would have her children purify their souls from sin, and so become worth}' to share in the fulness of her joy at Easter time. However onerous tho duties which now (Involve upon us may be to weak human nature, they will bo lightened and made easy for us if we vv-ill only turn our eye 3 towards our Lord Jesus Christ, who is the way, the truth, and tho life. He is our model and instructor in all things. lie came on earth to show us tho way to heaven — by word and example. 'I have giveu you an example,' He says, ' that as I have done to you, so you do also.' (John xiii. 15.) To merit fcho noble- title of Christian wo must be imitators of Jesus Christ, and endeavour to make our life conformable to His. TI113 is the object the Church has in view in enforcing all her ordinances and laws. Tlhis when . she. commands us to fast and abstain and give ourselves up more particularly to prayer during Lent, she only, bids us follow in the footsteps of our blessed Lord, who, guided by the Spirit, loffc the world and retired into the desert where He prayed and fasted for forty days and forty nights. Our Divine Master had no need of penance, for Ho was innocence itself, but He undertakes this rigorous fast to satisfy for our sins, and show us in example what . He taught - us also by pre cept—the;.., necessity of penance. 'UiiIors you1' shall; ; dp penance you shall all alike ?porishi'-:- (Luke, xiii. 31.) Iii order to under-, 'stand the! obligation wo are under of doing \penahceV let us call to mind for a moment what _8iri;i8, to expiate which we dp penance. Sin is a '?-turning from God to the creature ; a selecting of the creature before God, and; consequently, pre ferring tho creature to God. The extreme malice of sin is that as far as in it lies;, it destroys the nature of God. He is infinite and .supreme, and -sin would dethrone Him from this ? supremacy and put the creature in His place. Hence God must necessarily hate sin with an 'infinite hatred, and He riiust punish the sinner,unless lierepents, with pains proportioned- to*y the ?--malice': of his crimes. ? ? Penance^ then,- lis;.' absolutely. neces- saiy -'? for any' one , -who : has mortally sinned, f or ;' if we do not do penance we shall fall into ? the hands of the Lord, and not into the hands of men.' ':'? ;(Ec'cl.'j ii. 22.) ; In the Old and 'Now Tesfcameufc we , read innumerable passages which plainly show.the necessity as well as the efficacy of penanco. Again arid again did the Prophets of the Lord call upon the stiff-necked Jews to do penance for their sins; and promised God's par don as a reward for :tlieir submission. . 'If that nation against, which I have spoken (said the Lord) shallirepent of their evil, I also will repent of the evil that I thought to do them. (Jere miah, xiii.,8.) :;;But if the wicked do penance for all - the! . sins he has committed,' and keep all my commandments, and do judgment ? and justice, reliving he shall live, and shall not die. (Ezecli., xviii. 21.) If I say to the sinner, thou shalt die,' but he shall do penance for his Bins 'and practise virtue, he shall live and his sins shall not be imputed to him.' 'Be converted and do penance for all your iniquities, and iniquity shall not be your ruin.' (Ezech., xviii. 30.) ' If we open the New Testament we shall find St. John tho Baptist (the Precursor of our Divine Lord) spending his whole life in the practice of the most extraordinary penance. His home is in the desert faraway from the dwellings of men ; his clothing the skins of wild beasts, and his only food locusts and wild honey. .:;: From the depths of the desert he is ever crying' out to the multitudes who flock in thousands to see Him and hear Him preach — Do penance ! Do penance ! for the kingdom of God is at hand. Such is the preparation we would have them making for tho coming of their Redeemer ; and when the Ex pected of Nations at length ' appears j He declares that His mission is ' not to call the just but. the sinners to repentance.' (Luke v. 32.) And then Our Lord says: ' Unless you ; do penance you shall all likewise perish.' When He Avas instructing Nicodemus He told him 'that baptism is so necessary for salvation that without it it is impossible to enter into the Kingdom of ; God.' (John iii. 5.) He uses .the very sanie words when speaking of . penance :; 'Unless, you do penanco you shall all perish,' teaching , us thereby that penance is as necessary; for those who have sinned mortally after baptism; as baptism is for all the descendants of Adam.V Hence St.; Thomas, speaking of penance as a virtue, says : 'It is impossible ? that actual mortal sin could- be remitted without penance. Our Blessed. Ee-: decincr retired into the desert in order; to show us not alone that fasting and; penanco. are; neces-: sary for us, but also that we mustpray, and that prayer is most efficacious when offered, up to God in solitude and retirement. ;..Honce it is that tho Church has always exhorted her children to give up during the holy season of , Lent all amuse ments, self -gratifications of every kind, dances, plays, and everything -that might distract us from communing with -our heavenly Father. Finally, Lent is a time for almsgiving, which is a most effectual means of appeasing the anger of God. ' Water quencheth a flaming fire,' says the Holy Ghost, 'and alms resisteth sins.' I would especially recommend to you our new Ecclesiastical Seminary as a worthy object of your charity. It is an institution which must recommend itself to every Catholic in the diocese. You need scarcely be reminded that it was established but a few years ago, and so far, thank God, it has prospered. There is at present, a debt upon the building of over £2500, but if every Catholic in the diocese will contribute ac be paid off. When you consider the. inestimable advantage which you will derive from our Diocesan Seminary, I am very sure you will have no hesitation in contributing generously towards its funds. In a short time it will be able to supply a sufficient number of priests for tho diocese without being under the necessity of sending for subjects to tho colleges at home. It is, moreover, the wi-h of the Church to have jjriests indigenous to each country. The time has, we think, arrived when we may look forward hopefully to sec a native priesthood in Australia. The advantages of this cannot be questioned. The progress and hoi}- training of the young Levites cannot fail to bring a blessing upon the faithful generally ; and more blessed still shall those parents bo who shall have fcho happiness of seeing their sons raised to the sublime dignity of the priesthood. The priests of each mission will commence the collection in their district on the second Sunday in Lent, and they will kindly arrange the man ner they think best to receive the subscrip tions of the faithful, so as to be able to send in fcho full amount contributed by the end of March. The new seminary is all but completed, and duo notice will shortly be given of the solemn blessing and opening of the building. In conclusion, dearly beloved, let me exhort you to ' be instant iu prayer ' during this holy season; see that you walk circumspectly,.' not unwise, bub as wise redeeming the lime, because the days are evil.' (Ephes. v. 15, 16.) If you cau possibly do so, attend daily at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and evening dovofcion3. Let those parents and heads of families who cannot bo present at the Lenten devotions in the Church, have the Rosary recited every evening in their homos, and see that their child ren, and every other member of their household, take part in this excellent devotion. By being faithful in the exercise of these acts of Christian piety you will bring untold blessings on your selves and your families. Whenever you unite in prayer, be mindful of the wants of the Church, and pray earnestly for our glorious Pontiff, Leo XIII., whom a merciful Providence lias raised up in those trying times to rule the destinies of the Church. On fcho 20fch of this month we commemor ated the first anniversary of his election, and dur ing this one short year the tender solicitude .which , . , ,, '? he lias been constantly manifesting for his chil dren; in every land, his gentle, conciliating manner towards, all, his high virtuo, together with his indomitable energy of eharaefcer, consummate ,,' ? wisdom and deep learning, have captivated tho ? . hearts, won for him the admiration not alone of „ - all the faithful, but even of his enemies. Pray, , \\-r dear brethren, that God may preserve him many years in the Chair of Peter, and grant him ' the happiness of seeing peace once more restored to \: ; the Church. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. ? ' f Matthew, ' ' *.' :, -..-?,.. . Bishop of Bathurst. '* St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, ? ,] Feast of the Commemoration of tho Passion ? of our Lord. .:,.18(bh February, 1879. ' ? . ? /';'' .. V,JN7B.— The foregoing Pastoral, and the follow- ' ' ing regulations for Lent, to bo read on next Sunday in the principal churches, and as soon as possible afterwards at the out-stations of each mission. /r 