ENGLAND. ( IIW/,A/ ]?t'<jislrr.) RECONCILIATION AND RE-OPENINO OF THE ANCIENT CHURCH 01' S. ETUEL DREDA, ELY PLACE, HOLBORN HILL. If, in the month of June, in the yo.iv of gi'aee 1/80, when an infuriated rabble besieged the entrance to the Imperial Parliament of England to intimidate the legislature from rescinding the penal laws against the Catholics of these realms ; when the ('atholic chapels were burned and the sacred vestments and images were made into a bonfire ; when the venerable Bishop Challoner, the Vicar-Apostolic of the London District, was compelled to seek a friendly refuge in the envi rons of London at Finchley ; when England’s chief judge’s house was sacked and his match less library burnt before it ; when Newgate Prison had been forced and its inmates set free, and the building in flames ; when the distillery of a Catholic on Holborn-hill M as broken into, the huge vats of spirits ladled out into the public highway, stove in, and the liquor running in streams down the gutters was lapped up by the populace, lying prostrate like so many degraded animals ; when these things were taking place, if any one had ventured to prophecy that a noble ancient chapel attached to the town residence of a Protestant Bishop, not a stone’s throw from the scene last described, would within the cen tury bo restored to the Catholic Church, and re opened with all the splendours of Catholic cere monial by a Cardinal-Archbishop of Westmin ster, such a man would have been laughed to scorn, and deemed a fit subject for Bethlehem Hospital. Yet such is the event we have to record as taking place on Holiday last, the Feast of S. Etheldreda. “ Ely Chapel” has long been known, and its great beauty appreciated by all lovers of antiquity as one of the few specimens of ancient architecture spared by the < treat lire of London. Its dimensions are ninety feet in length by thirty in breadth, not ditiering greatly from the size of S. Stephen’s Chapel in the ancient palace at Westminster, and that of La Sainte Cliapelle in Paris, though the architecture is of a later date than either of those edifices, being the most perfect form of the Decorated or Edwardian period of English architecture. Its most remarkable features are the two magnifi cent windows which nearly fill the east and west walls, the tracery of which an able anti quary declares to be one of the finest exhibitions of combined geometrical and arch-and-foil to be found in the Kingdom. This chapel, said to have been erected by Bishop Do Luda in the fourteenth century, is all that remains of the celebrated palace of the Bishops of Ely, and on the sale of the property in Ely Place, at the end of the last century, it was used as a school-room by the National Society, and after being some time closed was appropriated as a Welsh chapel, having been fearfully mutilated and encum bered'with galleries and two hideous doorways in the east wall. Upon its being put up to pub lic sale in 1871, it was happily purchased by the Fathers of Uharity, who had lately taken charge of the Saffron Hill Mission, at the expense^ of £5,000. Immediately they obtained possession of it, they resolved to spare no expense in re storing it to its original state, and placed it in the hands of Mr. J. Young and Mr. Bernard Whelan, who have most carefully and conscien tiously laboured to preserve every existing fea ture of the old building, and to add only such others for which there existed authority on the spot. On removing the plaster ceiling the old oak roof was found, and this has been carefully restored, 'The side windows had also been mu tilated, but fortunately one in a nearly perfect state was found, which had been blocked and plastered up -when the modern houses were built on either side, and from this example the others have been restored. The carving lias I been cxqnisitively executed in foli,acre. The | original doorway at the south end of the side. | wall also has been restored, and it is by this ; that admission is obtained to the church by a j flight of stone steps from the crypt. This latter j was first restored and opened as S. Bridget's Chapel on S. Ktheldreda’s Day, 1S7L The great east window has been filled with stained glass, at the expense of his Crane the Duke of Norfolk, and contains five large figures of Our Blessed Lord, Our Lady, S. .Joseph, S. Ktliel dreda, and S. Bridget. Thu tabernacle is of alabaster, surmounted by a richly croekcted spire of the same material, and is an exquisite work of art. The altar is of stone, having three compartments, the centre one being recessed to contain the shrine of S. Ktheldreda, containing a relic of the saint presented by the nuns of the Convent of S. Dominie, Stone, it is a portion of tlie saint’s hand. This relic was found walled up in one of the Duke of Norfolk’s manor houses in Sussex. When discovered it was wrapped round with folds of white linen and enclosed in an ivory box. In the south wall, near the altar, an opening lias been made into the adjoining Community house of the Bathers of Charity, a room of which forms the sacristy, The whole of the hunches are of solid oak. The lighting of the church at present is by eight coronas suspended from the tie-beams. This strikes us as interfering with the beautiful east window, but we presume it is only temporary, and will be replaced by elegant brass branches between the windows, which will have a much better effect without at all inter fering with the beautiful architectural lines of the building. The organ has been very ingeni ously arranged on the Cospel side of the sanctu ary, about mid-way up the wall, so as not to take up any space below. The restoration of this exquisite church has, as we have before re marked, been carefully and conscientiously car ried out ; yet nothing has been done but merely to restore the ancient stonework of the building in a perfectly plain state. We trust the Catho lics of Kngland will not rest content with this, but bv their liberality enable the Bathers of Charity to complete the work by tilling the other windows with stained glass, and by the addition of such polychrome and other dccora ! tions as will render this church a rival of her : sister chapels in London and Baris. I On Sunday, after the first Vespers at S. ; Ktheldreda (which by express permission from Koine is kept as a double if the first class with an octave in this church), the ceremony of recon ciliation of a desecrated church took place, the first time this function has ever been performed ; in Kngland : let us hope it will not be the last. The relics of S. Ktheldreda were then carried i into the chapel and placed under the altar, and j finally a procession of the Blessed Sacrament took place from the crypt to the new altar, where the Benediction of the -Most II<>ly Saera ; ment was given. On Monday, the Feast of »S. Ktheldreda, a large and distinguished congregation assembled | by special invitation of the ltev. Father Lock hart in the ancient church, among whom we noticed his (Irace the Duke of Norfolk, K.M., | Lori Howard, the Marquis and Marchioness of : Bute,the Karl of OainsLoroiigh, the .Marchioness of Londonderry, Lord Kmly, Lord and Lady J lorries, Sir < !e<>rge Bowyor, Bart., M. I’., Sir I Charles and Lady Clifford, Mr. Henry and Lady i ('onstance Bellingham, the Chevalier O'Clery, . M.B., the Chevalier Comte d’Albanie, Messrs. Wegg-Prosser. Charles Kent, Langdalo, Darting, i Young, (’harles Manning, Stuart Kui 11, Ceorge i Blount. W. Meynell, K. Walford, A. Blount, Mrs. Stone, and others. The music of the Mass was Palestrina's “Btcrna Christi munera,” and the offertory the Cre gorian “ Ave verum,” ably sung by a good After the Cospcl his Bininence the Cardinal Archbishop preached the sermon, standing in front of the altar. Having referred to the occasion which brought them thither, and having eloquently dwelt unon the fact that a singular and luminous proof of the continuity of “the unction of the Holy | One” in the Catholic Church was thereby afforded, his Kniinonee said if they looked back awhile and inquired into this great mystery of their inheritenee they would begin to realise the meaning of those wovils oi the Holy C host-- for though written by the beloved disciple and by the hand of man, it w as at the inspiration of the Holy Spirit of Cod - the unction you have received of Him toacheth you all things. >S. Irameus tells us that faith tills the world as the flood of light from the sun fills all the earth. The same light is in every place, and, like the manna which fell from heaven, every man receives an equal measure, so that the faith of i learned is m>t more than that of the unlearned. Faith cannot he received as a human teacher, hut must come through the Church ot Cod, because in it dwells a divine teacher, the Holy Ghost, who is the teacher ot all. And assuredly their presence there was a proof of the perfect unity of an undying taitli. It was a visible testimony that the unction of the Holy One was as living and powerful now as it was in the beginning. The doctrines of faith come from the Holy Chost ; they flow from no lower, they come from no other source. He that spoke in the beginning speaks now. He has spoken during the ages since the beginning, and will speak always. The illumination of the Holy Ghost, full and perfect, abides in the Church at this day in all its plentitude as at the begin ning. The doctrines of faith are not deduced I from human criticism, they come not from ! books, nor are they the result of intellectual I labour. They were before all documents ; they I were anterior to written records. The illumin ation of the Holy Spirit has pervaded the Church in everv age and land, just as in the beginning. l\loro than this, the same who gave the light in the beginning sustains it now. As in the beginning, (!o<l created the light, and as He has prolonged that material light in which we live and moves as He first created the visible world, and then by a prolongation, as it were, of His creative power, sustains all things in their perfection and in their symmetery to this day. so the perfect unity of faith has been pre served by the eontinu/'ty of that illumination of the Holy Clmst given in the beginning. He who gave the gift the same sustains. More than this, the Catholic Church not only knows in every moment what the original revelation was, but is able at all times to declare and define what the truth is. The baptismal creed is the result of the inspiration of the Holy Chost, and every article of that creed is a definition which the Church has made under the guidance of the Spirit of Truth, and that baptismal creed is the germ of the whole theology of the < hurch. The doctrines of the Church are incorruptible. "There is no need for an appeal to logic to prove this ; the id ear intuition of the Catholic child is enough. The blessed Sacrament, which multi tudes partake of, would not be less a source ot sanctity were a thousand .Judases to make sacrilegious communions, "the light which tills the world gazes upon all the impurities of the earth, mingles with all its foulness, yet retains its purity. The illumination of the Holy Chost may he received into unclean hearts, but that does not affect the purity of the trutlt which is delivered. "the follies and contradictions of man. in all ages and lan guages and lands, have never been able to east soil or Main upon the divine purity of the doctrines of the Holy < dmst. And those who have originated heresies — and they knew for their warning they chiefly took their rise in a bishop or a priest— had never been able to fasten upon the. univer sal intelligence of tile Church, “They went out. beeim.-" they were not of us, for if they had been of us they would have continued with us. The Church is an instrument for the illu mination of the world—the supernatural firma ment in which the lights of Heaven are set, and every doth vine of the Church is like a luminous body, which is incorruptible, and on which no clouds or darkness can ever fasten : because Cod is light, and in him there is no darkness. Lastly, tiie doctrines which re-entered there that day were the same doctrines which were taught there three hundred years aye. Look around the world at the present day. Three hundred years ago was attempted the impossible task of “ reforming" tin: (.’lniroh of (hul. Where now is the result? Where are the teachers ? 'Where are those who believed in them? The doctrines they taught are not to be found in Hngland. They have de cayed, evaporated, and there is desolation in this once ('atholie land. lie had no desire to deal harshly with the land they all loved so well. 1 tut where outside the ('atholie Church was there unity of faith? Where was there certainty? Where was there definiteness ? Tlu: mystical vine, while the doctrines of heresy have decayed, has been expanding in every age and in every land, full of life and full of fruit fulness, ever growing in perfection, vising always towards the light of Heaven. The Holy Catholic Church is that only living tree. And what had they who were assembled there that day done to deserve tile unction of the Holy One? How had they deserved that anointing which would teach them all things, so that they would have no need of a human teacher? Nut through any merit of theirs did they- pos sess it, but through tin: great mercy of Cod, through the merits df .lesus Christ. There is a cloud over Hngland -philosophical, .scientific, legislative imperial Hngland. '1'hey who are so precise in their language about physical dis coveries, when they come to the doctrines of faith their words are unmeaning. Their doc trines have no outlines. They allirm and deny : indefinitenoss is to he found in every mind separated from the unity of the Catholic ■Church. There is an atmosphere of doubt upon the whole Hnglisli people. Will the day ever ■come again when the presence of Jesus in the Most lloly Nacranemt will he on the altars and in the sanetuu; ios of Hngland -throughout the wilds and the wolds, and the valleys and the headlands, and tin- green meadows and the chalk dills ? Shall the light of faith lmrn once more in the stately minster and the wayside chapel ? Will the day ever come again when the Hnglisli people will know with divine cer tainty what to believe and w hich way to go to Heaven? lie had hope his hope knew no bounds, lor the power of (did knew no hounds except his own divine will, and lie remembered that it was the will of Cod that all men should come to a knowledge of the truth. He saw a great many tokens and grounds for hope. The Knglish people were not ('atholie indeed; they had not the certainty to he found in the one ( lliurch of ( Iod. They had not the perfect faith of Jesus Christ. lint they were at least a Christian nation. They still retained their be lief in ( Tristianity as a l>ivine Revelation, and the lloiy Scriptures as the Word of Cod written by the inspiration of tlm Holy ({host. These are two great truths of ('liristianity. And the Hnglisli people are proud of being a Christian nation- not with a human pride, but with a sense of the dignity thereby conferred upon them. They have yearning to have their chil dren brought upas Christians, and it was con trary to tlie wiil of the people that Christianity was excluded from the teaching of their little ones. .More than this, except where there is culpable negligence, the Hnglisli people are a baptised pople, and those who have received baptism have been born again of water and the Holy (I]nist. and have received the three theological virtues of faith, hope, and charity, and are sanetilied by the (I race of Cod. More than this, for the last half century they have been restoring the ruins their forefathers made by building up again our cathedrals and parish churches spoiled by their forefathers. They are not allow nil to lie desolate as in other lands, and the Kuglish people thus show a zeal for the glory of (lod's house. There is, moreover, amongst Huglisluuen a yearning lor unity with the Catholic Clum-h. There arc hundreds of thousands -lie might say more, but ho wished to avoid excess--who, not yet in the unity of the Church, refused to he called I ’rotestants. They rejected that which was the boast of their fore fathers. Again, the Hnglisli people refused to submit to the authority of human teachers. They have come so far as to absolutely reject all human teaching in matters of salvation, and in the day w hen Hnglishmen would give their minds, with the same attention they now devote, to natural sciences, to the science of Cod and tile supernatural world, their first discovery would be that here in the midst of them there is a I )ivine Teacher ; and the Church, now so narrow in its structure, will spread wide, and its gates, which are open day and night, will be Idled with those w ho come in. 