The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXIX. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." BY "DRAMINGO." STRANGE to say, I am still of the opinion that there is some good in this world, but the difficulty is in finding it. How often in the long watches of the night when stupid people doubt less fancied I was fast asleep, simply because I had my eyes shut and was standing on one leg have I thought over the problem : Does the good when you find it repay the trouble of look ing for it! I think in some rare cases it does, but as a rule not. Norw in the course of a varied and eventful life I have seen men—aye, and women too, whom you, my dear Lady Dis dain, would not brush with your tail feathers— do downright noble deeds ; and out of pure devilry sometimes. Is that good! or is it only an evil spirit in the guise of an angel of light? Anyhow I have arrived at the conclusion that the fiery, active, restless nature that goes to perdition with the bit between its teeth is more likely, if once it is shunted into the right groove, to point a mural and adorn a tale than all the quiet-going respectability of the majority of the world. Often " the lost legion" is made up of those who have tasted of the wine, the oil, and the corn, have longed for the fine clothing of purple and linen, and tried to sit in the high places, and have failed. But now they have found their groove, and, though they may go down with the cheer of victory ringing in their dulled ears, they have struck one good stroke and made one grasp for the golden lure of honor. I remember an instance of this long ago, when Jack was young, and so was I. There was an old fellow—not old in years but in vice and iniquity—a drunken old scoundrel, whom Jack out of sheer pity often gave a job to, and had helped many a time. He was doing some odd jobs on the station during a spell of dry weather. One of the paddocks that had been carefully saved caught fire, and every man on the station went to work to try and save it. There was a breeze blowing in fitful puffs, and once, the fire was almost got under, when there came a gust of wind, and with one leap it was amongst a lot of long grass and darting its scorching tongues of flame in the men's faces. They had to run back ; a Salamander could not have stood it ; but James, who was then a boy of twelve, stumbled, and fell. There were about thirteen men there. Eleven stood looking helplessly on, and two went back to drag the boy out; one was Jack, the other was old drunken Ben. Jack came out, with his brother; Ben didn't that's all. Of course we found him afterwards, not much disfigured either ; but I maintain that his love for excite ment and action, misdirected for years, for once found a decent opening, and he promptly seized the opportunity. I have been led to these reflections by ob serving Bloomington lately. I've found the good in him ; yes, the one green spot in that close selfish nature. What do you think it is ? The only generous instinct he ever indulged in ; the love for his wife. I believe he is fonder of her than he is of the position he thinks he has at tained or the wealth he has accumulated, and as a natural consequence she detests him. Always the way. Oh, how it makes me laugh ! for I have watched it so often. Here we are ; I have got everything man could desire, at least in outward seeming ; year after year I have been successful; I have added to my store, I have risen in place and estimation ; and then there comes a time when there arises a want, a craving that must be satisfied, even if we stake life and fortune on the throw. It is ours, we have won ; or, at any rate, bedecked with all the hues of hope's bright bow, the bubble floats within our grasp. Caught at last, and we open our hand to inspect the prize. Lo ! it has vanished and on bur palm is a wet stain like blood. Queer thoughts for a magpie; but I have looked on at the game so long that now it almost seems that I am one ot the players. Bloomington has not been to see us lately; why, I don't know. Jack may have given him the cold shoulder again perhaps; but he's so horribly thick-skinned I know he wouldn't understand a milder hint than kicking out. However, it may be the important business of the approaching attack on the Government. Mrs. Bloomington called once since the night of that party—time I had the fit. She looks changed somewhat, and I thought her manner towards Clara was singularly kindly. I think Clara must have noticed it as well, for she seemed a bit puzzled. Agatha is engaged to Bob; it's fair and square sailing at last; he came, saw, and conquered ; and I hope he'll like his bargain. They are to be married in six months. I shall attend the wedding, and practise saying "Bless you, my children," in the meantime. I think it would come with great effect at the end of the service. Agatha's much improved since her engagement; there's none of the romping that went on in former ones that I wot of; everything's far quieter; Bob, for all his apparent shallowness, has a firm hold of the reins, and I think will be a good driver. So Time is slipping by at present uneventfully, and almost unmarked. When he glides along so easily and pleasantly with us, we scarcely realise what dreaded precipice ahead he may be hurry ing us to, in his little excursion-train, or we would want the breaks put on quickly. How soon may we be there! for, though we're now gliding through a fair landscape, one shrill whistle ! and in an instant we are in a dark tunnel, and what we shall find when we emerge from it we know not. I was thinking like this the other night, and pretending to be asleep, when Jack and Nevil came in. There was nobody at home ; Agatha and Clara had gone under Bob's escort to the House of Assembly to hear the conclusion of the want of confidence debate. Nevil sat down, as did Jack, and both stared absently at the floor for some time without speaking. "I wouldn't like that job twice in a lifetime," said Jack at length. "Nor I," returned the other. "Thank God It's over. . When will they be back ?" "They ought to be back soon," said Jack looking at the clock, and almost as he spoke I heard the Bouncer's laugh at the gate. " Glorious victory !" cried Bob as he entered ; " millennium set in; new Government, universal prosperity, and no taxation." " Is that the platform ?" said Jack. "That's the platform, sir ; I already feel a bloated millionaire, and a free and independent citizen of the future Mistress of the Southern Hemisphere. " I suppose we may infer that the Government are turned out?" said Nevil. "Of course they are, and the winter of our discontent about to be made glorious summer." Jack, with an intelligent look at Nevil, left the room at this point, atd I heard him call Clara, who was up with her mother. Then Agatha came in, and Nevil must have felt horribly in the way; I'm sure he looked as though he did. I suppose they wanted to say good-bye, but they had not a chance, for when Jack came back Nevil prepared to leave, and of course Bob had to go too. They had been gone about ten minutes when a cab drove up ; and Clara appeared with her hat on as if going out. " Where are you going ?" said Agatha in as tonishment. "Not far," replied Jack ; " we'll be back soon and bring somebody with us, so don't go to bed; and get a bed-room prepared. " You might be a little more explicit;" said Agatha in an injured tone. She was feeling hurt at not having had a chance to bid Bob a tender good-night " You shall know all about it directly, Aggie," replied Jack ; " we're going to ask a visitor here, that's all" " It's a queer time of night to choose, I must say," remarked the Bouncer as they left. I went down to the gate to see if I could hear the direc tion given to the cabman, but I was too late. Nevil was there ; I suppose he brought the cab. ' You'll call there on your way," I heard him say to Jack ; Clara was already in the cab. " Yes ; I'll leave a note ; I won't see him if possible ; he shall have a chance to clear out" " Take care Bell is not before you ; I'm certain she meant mischief." " I'll go there first," returned Jack as he got into the hansom. Nevil lifted his hat, and they drove off. I had nothing to do but return, and go to sleep. The Bouncer fell asleep, too, over a novel; she woke me up once talking in her dreams and saying something about " button trimming." Another time I woke suddenly and mistook her for the ghost of the cockatoo, and screamed. However, we kept each other com pany in alternate naps till 12 o'clock ; then I heard the cab again. I listened for Jack's voice, but did not hear it Agatha slumbered serenely. The front door had been left ajar, and the servants were all in bed. Robbers surely wouldn't come in a cab, I thought, as I heard a strange footstep coming. But it was Clara at any rate, and the visitors were Mrs. Bloomington and the pretty little girl whom I saw with her once before. The Bouncer must have thought she was still dreaming, for she could scarcely find words to welcome her guest. "I'm afraid I'm putting you all out dread fully," said Mrs. Bloomington, aa she shook Agatha's hand ; " but perhaps, Miss Danten, when you know all you will pardon me." The Bouncer, who is good nature itself, got quite affected at this and embraoed the little girl effusively. Clara signed to her sister not to ask any questions, and they soon left me alone. Jack did not turn up again. But what troubled me most was my little girl's face. She looked so white and scared, she might have just got up from a month's sickness. And, strangest of all, on her cuff and the sleeve of her dress was a dark red smear. Chapter XXX. He bit his lip—it quivered for a moment— Then passed his hand across his flushing brows; He could have spared so forcible a comment Upon the constancy of woman's vows. There was a crowd in the House of Assembly; scores had turned back disappointed at not being able to get in. It was the second night of the want of confidence debate, and the House was expected to divide. Ministers were replying, but they knew it was a losing battle they were fighting. It was already a settled thing ; all they had to do was to die game. The ladies' gallery was full to overflowing. Often from his place in the House Bloomiogton looked up to see if the face of his wife was bent over the railing, but he could not see it. He had asked her to come to witness what he called his triumph, and he hoped she would not disappoint him. He had won great kudos from his party ; early and late he had toiled, and now he was to have his reward. Already the interest was flagging; the best speakers had said their say, and only the small guns were being fired. Then the division-bell rang, and the stragglers in the refreshment room and library came in. Bets were offered and taken—not on the result; that was considered certain; but on the size of the majority. Bloomington for once felt almost uncontrollable excitement; certain as he deemed it, the old adage of the slip betwixt the cup and the lip was very familiar to him. The event was more to him even than to his fellows. To them it meant loaves and fishes, patronage and pickings—very good things in their way, and highly desirable by men who make a living out of political life. But to Bloomington it was, as he thought, the one thing wanting to complete and round off his life. He could not comprehend how petty was the distinction he coveted ; how small in reality was the prestige attached to the position of a colonial minister. To the narrow mind of the untravelled self-made man it seemed the ladder that would place him on an equality with his wife ; he had given her wealth, now he could give her rank and repute. Th« timecame, and Bloomington knew he had won. The motion was carried by a majority of fourteen. In ten minutes the galleries were emptied, and the news was spreading over the town. Half an hour afterwards Bloomington was on his way home. His hour of triumph had come ; he was, he knew, as good as gazetted. He had the crowning pleasure to enjoy of communica ting the tidings to the woman he loved ; and as he sped along he pictured that proud face softened at last in sympathy with his success. The house seemed strangely quiet. The servant who admitted him said something that in his hurry he did not catch the meaning of. Was she waiting up for him ? He turned into her accustomed room ; it wns lighted and occu pied. A woman was sitting in an easy chair, pale, wasted, and wan, with a frightened look in her meek blue eyes. A child some four years old was by her side ; and, as he entered, the woman rose and held up pitiful shrinkiug hands, and cried, " I could not help it, dear. Bell made me do it; I did not want to come." " Yes," said another voice ; and a second figure he had not seen at first, came forward ; " I did it, as I promised you I would." How did he feel? He scarcely knew. His mind, elated beyond measure, could scarcely comprehend this sudden and awful catastrophe. Only, when the woman who should have been his wife would have touched him to deprecate his anger, he shook her roughly off, so that she sank back frightened in the chair. With every feature elate with satisfied re venge, and her naturally bright eyes blazing with excitement, Bell confronted her stricken enemy. " Yes, I promised you this ; and this is only a part of the pleasant little surprise that awaits you ; there's one as hot as I am on your track now. Dead men tell no tales, but they leave perilously dangerous papers behind them some times. I don't think they'll make an embezzling partner and a forger Minister for Lands, little regard as they have for appearances." He understood but did not reply ; he must see his wife first; and as be stepped forward to leave the room he saw a note in her handwriting on the table. It was enough : he could guess the contents without reading the scornful biting words ; enough, she was gone I " You have done your work well, Bell," he said in a strained voice ; " I really give you credit for this dramatically arranged scene. Only one thing more is wanted: a little blue-fire and a murder." The girl looked puzzled. He was not taking it as she expected. She did not know the utter calm of despair. " You've driven my wife from my side ; you say that I shall soon be a convicted felon ; that may or may not be ; the first act is enough ; you shall witness the end of your work !" He turned as he spoke, and drew a small revolver from the drawer of a secretaire. The woman in the chair gave a faint shriek; but Bell's lip curled in scorn. " Don't be alarmed," she said to her sister ; "cowards don't commit suicide." "No ! but they often commit murder," he re turned coolly, and, almost as he spoke the words, fired at his Nemesis. The servant who crept up startled and frightened saw, when she looked timidly through the door, a woman in a chair moaning in an idiotic manner and crying feebly, a child with its head buried in its mother's lap keeping her com pany in frightened sobs, and another figure lying on the floor breathing heavily and strangely, with a dash of bloody foam on its lips. The scared attendant turned to rush shrieking from the house, when she heard the noise of wheels stop suddenly before the door, and when she opened it a man entered hastily. She did not recognise the new-comer, but she pointed towards the room, and he hurried there and she followed, leaving the door open. When Jack Danten saw the state of affairs, he precipitately rushed out again and despatched the cabman for the nearest doctor; and in his haste did not notice that his sister had left the cab in alarm and followed him. The servant had done nothing for the wounded woman, and Jack knelt down and raised her head. " Let me, Jack," said a trembling voice at his elbow, and Clara knelt beside him and raised the sufferer while Jack got some cushions to put under her. Bell opened her eyes, and recognised Danten, but she did not speak until she caught sight of the other pitying face above her. Then she spoke feebly and Jack had to stoop to catch her words. "Is she to be your wife?" he made out. " No," he returned, "she is my sister." Bell put her hand round and laid it on Clara's, with a smile breaking through the froth that bubbled from her lips at every breath, and that had already saturated Clara's handkerchief as she wiped it away. " He did it," she said again, looking at Jack ; meanwhile the woman in the chair still moaned and wrung her hands. Clara looked at her brother; her pale lips formed the question, " Will she die ?" Jack nodded ; it was only a matter of tlme he could see. Poor Bell's hour had struck. " Won't you pray ?" said simple Clara, think ing with fear in her innocent girlish heart of the awful step the woman was about to take. Bell smiled again, but muttered something about knowing nothing of prayers. "Why pray ?" she said half defiantly ; and in a stronger voice " I have lived my life ; it has been short and merry." Then she stopped as if it struck her that her careless words were grieving the sad kind face that looked into hers. "If you wouldn't mind," she murmured, wistfully and imploringly ; "it would be better than a prayer to take with me." Clara instinctively divined her request, and. with the tears dropping from her eyes, pressed her soft lips to the dying girl's face in a gentle caress. Ood knows by what instinct she too divined that that kiss the parting spirit took with it into the unknown was the purest it had ever felt in its life. If there is a recording angel above, surely the touch of those maiden lips on the outcast's cheek counts more in his record than a million hackneyed prayers. " Will that doctor never come !" said Jack im patiently. "She's past all want of doctors now," returned Clara as she let the lifeless head fall back on the cushion, and rose. " I never meant you should see such a sight as this," said Jack as he passed his arm round his sister. "It's not that Jack; but— but ——" " Clara never finished her explanation, but sub sided in sobs on her brother's shoulder and just then the cab returned with the doctor. For the dead woman he could of course do nothing, for the living he could only conjecture that the sudden shock of terror had upset a reason never too strong. [TO BE CONTINUED] Tax Development or Unsuspected Powbm —He was, after all, not bo much a fool who Mid that he did not know whether he could play th* fiddle becausfl he had never tried. No one know* what is in him, or what nature, destiny, or circumstances may bring oat of him. Soott writes a few chapters of a tale in humble imita tion of Miss Edgeworth, throws it into a drawer, lights upon it years afterwards, completes it, publishes it. The name of it is "Warerley." He rubs his eyes; finds he is quite another man from what either the world or himself had taken him for; throws off " Guy Mannering " in six weeks, and follows it up with a number of works, all written in the afternoon of his life, which cast for ever into the shade the produc tions on which his earlier reputation had been built. The stripling Kuskin bethinks him of writing a letter to a Review to prove that an old artist, whom people were laughing at, could really draw branches and clouds ; the result is not ouly the greatest system of art criticism in existence, but an extensive body of highly re* markable writings upon matters relating to morality, philosophy, and religion. Young Charles Dickens is engaged, at ten guineas a sheet, to write a burlesque accompaniment to a series of comic woodcuts, illustrative of the hackneyed theme of Cockney sporta ; his position in literature and society at the time is indicated by the fact that a couple of numbers are paid for in advance, to enable him to gee married. The Nimrod Club of the carica turist becomes the Pickwick Club ; and the Cockney sportsman, whose spider legs, swallow* tail coat, and absurd mistakes in sportsmanship, were expected by artist and publisher to be laughed at for a few weeks and then forgotten, develop into the characters of one of the world's imperishable works of humor and imagination. The pharisee in religion, the pedant in art, have always asked, Can any good thing come out of Galilee ? The answer is that all the tranaoen dently good things have come out of Galilee.— Ptttr Bayne, LL.D.,intJu Literary World. Aw Italian bishop, while at a large dinner party, attempted to take a silver chafing-duh in his hands. It was so hot that he put it down more rapidly than he intended, for the divorse was accompanied by ttrong expressions. A guest instantly drew forth his memorandum-book and pencil. The bishop asked, " What are jou writ ing ?" " Your prayer against hoi dishes," was the reply. " I myself may wish to UM it one of these days." 