\JEL OSI3VE: : A Story of the Red Revolution. By J. G-. Whtte-Mecvule. Thus appealed to, the old woman left off stir (ing, and joined in the conversation. 'It is true enough/ said she, shaking her head. PMany a time has my sister been up to her knees In the marshes, with her husband end children, for twenty-four hours on a stretch. But there are (wo'rso impositions than frog-boating-, Maitre Pierre E-pi-iviiu-jjes it is not good to;talk of, that make a rave man shiver trith anger, and on honest woman blush with shame. Let us put our trust in the saints , aid Virgin, aud leave these things to arrange themselves. See, my children, the soup is ready. Set another platter, Koshie; Maitre Pierre will stay to supper. It is poor fore, neigh bour, bnt sauced with a hearty .welcome.' ! And while Eosine busied herself, willingly enough, to moke him comfortable, Pierre ' calmed gradually down to his natural good-humour. [Hungry and healthy,, the soup-was grateful to his censes, after a hard day's work, and it seemed like being married in earnest thus to -see Bosine flit ting round him in the firelight, anticipating his wants. So, for the present, wrath, discontent, and hatred evaporated in talk. But such discussions were Jield — I should rather jaay, such denunciations were fulminated — that ?night, and every night, in many thousand homes through the length, and breadth of France. Centuries of oppression, culminating in the axac tions of Louis the Great and the lavish profligacy of his successor, had driven the middle and lower classes to that extremity of Buffering at which any change is accepted for an improvement. Baring casuists, smarting- under injustice and looting1 in ?vain for bread, had ventured to question the (divine right of kings. The subject, once broached, twas found to bear enlargement; and converse theories, equally irrational, proposing an artificial Equality to all mankind, were spreading. :£ar.jtfid Iwide. The bxrrnane, placable, and somewhat {Lethargic monarch now seated on tho throne, -was {no pilot to weather such ,a 'storm ,as loomed on the horizon ; his . queen, the courageous and ?devoted Marie Antoinette, lad all the will indeed to reform, abuses, abolish tyranney, ' and make her adopted country happy, but found herself hampered tat every turn in a net of privileges, prejudices, customs and etiquette, that it would have required the sword of a second Charlemagne to cut through. |So, gradually but surely, ' bad grew to worse, and Hrorse to worst of all,' till the red spark of Bevolii (that roared and ravaged over the fairest country (in Europe, till it was quenched in a sea of blood. i Pierre Legros, blowing on his platter to cool (his soup, observed Eosine turn pale. 'Holy [Virgin, protect us!' exclaimed the girl, setting jdown. her spoon with a shudder, 'there he js again 1' . . , . ?'. ''''':' i ?' 'He! who?' said Pierre fiercely; thinking 'of ;lh.e Count, and relapsing into his worst inood: , ''Who P why, the old grey wolf!' answered tBosine, laying : her hand on his arm. 'Ho knows lam come home. He smells the soup. I hear him sniffing at the door !' Listening intently, Pierre's ieyes glittered, his nostrils opened, his very ears jseemed to erect themselves like a irolf -hound's. ; 'You are right,' said he. ' How quick you are, jEosine, and how clever ! Compose yourself — Sdon't be afraid — we will arrange this little gen^le Jjnan at the shortest possible notice.' . ' '. ? In his excitement he called her by her Christian {name. In her fright she thought it very pleasant iand reassuring. ' Pierre, Maitre Pierre !' she ex {claimed, as he rose from the table, 'do not be (rash, do not expose yourself — you will not go out fto -'m in such a cold as this ?' ? TTig only reply was a' grim smile as he retired jto the chimney-corner, whence he1 presently (emerged with an awkward brass-mounted long tearrelled gun,- apowder-hora ingeniously construe ited to epfll half its contents, and a handful of Ibullets, weighing more than an ounce a-picce. The ?grandmother, catching sight of these instruments, threw herself into a high-backed chair, wrapped Iher apron round her head, and fingering her ichaplet, began to score off the- prayers of her jchurch, lead by bead, with praiseworthy devotion ,and dexterity. ' ' '' . ?? ? ' Take care V exclaimed Bosine. ^TVon't it go joff r '-:. 'Not till it's loaded/ said Pierre quietly. 'Somer (times, even then, not so soon as I could wish. lObserve what I am doing — look, Eosine I May I jcall you Eosine ?', ., ., . j 'Goon; don't stop to asf questions. 'He is {scratching at the door. ? Oh,' I'm tfo'frightenod.' ; Pierre phveed a brace of bullets in the palm of jhia left .hand, and poured the coarse grainB over fthem from his powder-horn till they wece «o» tpletely covered. His science :of projectiles, was Irude, and the result only of his own experience, (yet perhaps -not so far wrong after, all. ? With a confident smile he bade her watch his 'proceedings. 'Many people,' said he, 'load one I barrel with one ball; that is not my way, and I jtarely miss my mark.' . . ; 'Why do you put in two?' ! Besting its butt on his foot and carreBsing the ffearrel of his gun, Pierre explained hie eystem with ixnuch solemnity. ?'? ? ?' : «I learned it from the old forester -who taught ime to track a boar, trap a wolf, and get the wind jofadeer. Ah 1 poor old Antoinel He died last jautnmn year, ana I make no doubt he is with St. ^Huborb in paradise. But, Eosine, do yon know (what they call it ?' ' Cruelty — murder— bloodshed. How can I (teUP ' 'Ifcey call it the balle-marice. And, Bosine, rthore is a moral in this ! Where each would fail i«ingly,tha two united succeed in effecting -their 'purpose. See now : I ram them down together on ja handful of powder, and nothing on earth can ??separata them again, not even death, for they will Jba found close to each other in tho heart of that AaoutBsd. beast. Eosine, you understand P I am jernda, homely fellow/ coarsely dressed, self rtanght, not half good enough, but I have a strong (hand and a loving heart. ? The one has been yours [longer than you imagine ; and for the other ? * , A torrifio thud against the cottage door, and a scream from his listener, cat short Pierre's (declamation, and caused him to Buata, up tie \ ' i powder in the pan of his firelock. The wolf, whose hunger had been attested by the vehemence of his sniffings at the chinks in the cottage door, now commenced suoh a fierce attack with paws and teeth as the slender woodwork and frail hitch seemed unlikely to resist. ' Mind Pierre 1' exclaimed Bosine, pale aa death, but showing a bold front behind her lover; 'he will be in the house in less than a minute.' ?That is sixty seconds,' was his quiet reply — 'u long time when it is a question of taking aim, point blank.' In her terror she was proud of him, standing there so cool, so collected, so confident. Presently came an -interval of silence. Had the beast retired to look for another inlet, or would he make afresh charge accompanied by a troop of his kind? Eosiiie, profoundly ignorant of wild animals and their habits, was persuaded that in a few seconds the whole door would be beaten down under an avalanche of wolves. Pierre opened the window and looked out. Such nights of winter are as light as day. The wolf, finding Mb efforts to gain an entrance ineffectual, was slinking 'back into the forest. His long lithe outline showed distinctly against the snow, and he stopped, imprudently, for the luxury of a scratch. A deafening explosion, a jingling of window panes, a scream from the grandmother, and a room full of smoke j then Eosine laughed and olapped her hands, for the wolf Lay stark dead in his tracks with a brace of balls lodged deftly at his heart. 'I do not often miss,' Baid Pierre, reloading carefully. ' Good night, Eosine j I think these- gentry will trouble you no more.' But here arose fresh cause for anxiety and alarm. No peasant had the right to shoot a wolf, without permission, in his lord's forests, any more than a* deer, boar, or other beast of chose. He was no even entitled to be in the possession of firearms, and Arnold de Montarhas was the last landlord in Franco to look over an infraction of his privileges. ' If you bury it in the enow,' said Eoaine, ' they will find its body when tha wind changes, and oh, Pierre ! you will be punished for killing a wolf to save two poor women's lives.' ' It used to be the loss of a hand,' said her grand-' mother, coming out of the corner with her mite of consolation. Eoeine broke down and burst into tears. 'I wish there were no such things,' she Bobbed, ' as forest-laws, and guns, and wolves, and landlords in Prance.' He took 'her hand and kissed it. ' I will carry the beast home on my shoulders,' said he, stand ing tall and erect on the threshold. ' If anybody interferes I will give them good reason. I hare shown you what the ballc-mariee can do, Eosine. It may be put to many uses, and a mam upright on his feet is a fairer mark than a wolf.' \- Promise mo you will do nothing rash,' she said, anxiously. 'Will you make me a promise in return J' ? Perhaps.' Then she shut the door in his face and went off to bed. \ CHAPTEE IIL FEIVrLEQE. A fresh fall of snow soon obliterated the wolf's foot-marks, but another track was to be seen com ing and going day by day, to and from the cottage, with a persistency that threatened darker evils than any attack from a beast of prey. Count Arnold, drinking wine by himself in the blue saloon, decided that he was fascinated by this pretty tenant, whose acquaintance he had made in the snow-drifts, and resolved, as was his custom, to follow out the fancy utterly regardless of its consequences to a girl with whom he told himself he was positively in love. . Stretching his frame at length among his velvet cushions, gazing dreamily into the red caverns of his ample wood fire, he recalled Eosine's dark eyes and blushing face as she stood before him in the snow, till he persuaded himself that now — yes, really now — for the first) time, he had seen a woman whose attractions would not pall in a week, a month, no, he thought, not even in a year. She seemed so fresh, so natural, sounlika all the other loves op whom he had wasted time and energies, in an ignorance the more deplorable that his experiences were so varied and so complete. Clementine was fat, coarse, awkward; Teannette, a pretty rustic, but totally uneducated, with hands that looked as if the j- had hold the plough ; Marie, beautiful, bni oil, bo /stupid; the Spanish llarchesa, with her glorious eyes and blue-black hair, smelt of garlic ; the Duchess had bad teeth ; and his latest fancy, the young Viscountess, whom all Paris admired so furiously, though witty, tender, graceful, and engaging, was exact ing, captions, and provokingly like all the other fine ladies ,at Court in dress, manners, conversa tion, sentiments, and opinions. Yes, there was a monotony, about the whole, thing,, there seemed so little difference between, one woman and another ; their saloons, their furniture;- their jewels, fans, and pocket- handkerchiefs, ' all of one pattern ; their jests, their conversation, their reflections, all born of one idea j' their blushes, smiles, tears, sulks and caresses, all repetitions of one part, not very well performed. The same thing had to be said over and over again, of course, but how tire some to hear it in the same words ; and, for him self, it was surely too cruel a tax on a man's in vention to bid him find out, on every occasion, eonie new way of acknowledging a smile, glancing a reproach, blooking the corner of on opera- box, presenting a bouquet, conveying a note, or squeez ing a hand. .'.'?.. What had the world to give? JEveh in.Paris— splendid, sparkling, gay, and wicked Paris P He asked the question aloud, and it seemed that a ghost rose up in, the smoke of his wood fire-— the ghost of himself, bent, worn-out, exhausted— a shrivelled, - decrepit old man — and answered 'Satiety.!' Could r he deny it P He had drank greedily, at the cup,of pleasure, and found it not «o sweet' after all. Everything palled: love .and liquor had lost their stimulus, the, court, the chase, the theatre, the cord-room— all were stupider one than another. It seemed high' time to find a now distraction, a fresh occupation for life. ? ? At the very moment Pierre shot the old grey wolf in the snow, Count Arnold was making up his mind that he would visit all the cottages on His estate in regular. rotation, beginning with Eosine and her grandmother next day. He found the girl busy at household work, sing ing blithe and merry aa a bird on a bough. She looked prettier than ever; and reassured, no doubt, by the presence of another woman, seemed to have left her shyness of yesterday in the snow. ? ? ? ? . He was too old a campaigner not to open the trenches warily* He acted the part of good land lord to perfection, listening to her grandmother's grievances with an air of courteous attention, and promised, a new roof to the outhouse, making a memorandum in his pocket- book of - the stune^ be- fore he addressed a syllable to Eosine. - ' Then he directed his batteries against the angle of the fortress that his experience taught him mas likely to be its weakest part. Eeflecting -how accustomed, she must be to compliments pn her beauty, he would make her understand that for him this was the least of her many attractions. ' I thought/ tie began, 'when I came down Into the forest I must forget my fellow- creatures, and live all by myself in my castle, like a bear in ft, hollow treei lam charmed to find, mademoiselle, jthat there is society here as polite and pleasant, if not bo artificial as in Paris.' .. . , 'Ah! monseigneur,' interrupteoT her _ grand, inofher, while the younger woman' blushed and smiled, 'it is not every day one. insets, in the smoke of a cottage kitchen, such a girl as our Bosine. She' has had an education, do you'Tinder stand. She has been in a convent. The good asters taught her to read,- and write, .and sew. Ah! yon should see her embroidery! .^nd the piano 1 how she touches the piano ! Monseigneur, if that was only a harpsichord, instead of a kitchen dresser, she should Bit down, and play you air after air, like an angel from- heaven.' . ' I have a harpsichord in my bouse,' said the Count, 'as well as a kitchen dresser. I shall be flattered if mademoiselle willoome and practise-on either whenever she has a mind.' Eosine's eyes brightened, bnt the old woman shook her head. 'Oar Bosine has been well brought up,* she said, ' and comes of honest people, monseigneor. Her father was a sub-officer of Louis the. Great. My poor boy I I can see him now with, the white belts crossed on his breast, and the pike shining in his hand. Her mother died when she was a baby, and we put her into the convent, he and 1 for we said — pardon, monseignoar, I cannot speak of him yet without tears, though he has been in his grave so long; and, indeed, he looked older than me, T'* nyrtfof^ when he died. But I am an old woman, monseignenr, a very old' woman, at your servioe.' ' Age iflrespectablo, my mother* saidthe Count, ?giving her his hand, while he looked to Bosine for approval of his condescension. ' We need not weary the Count with these details, grandmother/ observed the girl. ' It is kind of him to interest himself in our welfare, but I cannot believe he would care to know all about our family.' ' Pardon, mademoiselle/ replied the visitor, 'I am all attention, lam puzzled. I am mystified. I cannot imagine hbw so sweet a flower has come to bloom in the forest of Bambouillet. If I hod my way it should be transplanted to a garden without loss of time.* 'You are obliging, monseigneur,. and compli mentary/ returned Borine, perfectly self possessed, ' but the hardiest wild flower fades away in a hothouse ; and how should I look, dressed in.satin and laces, sitting bolt upright in a high-backed chair ? If yon are making game of me, let. me tell yon, monseigneur, that is not [polite/' t 'Ton would look lite a. queen/ he whispered; ?* yon ought to be a queen. When a young girl fe so beautiful she should be dressed in satin and laces every day. Bosine, will you try P' She laughed out merrily. ' Grandmother;' said she, ' do you hear what the Count proposes ? How should you answer if you were, in my place P Are not jewels, and Boft living, and fine dresses, -the first considerations in a woman's life? Why have you taught me differently? Monseigneur shaU argue tho point with you. For me, I am quite* j content to let things remain as they are.' l He felt angry and bit his lip. - Was she nresum ing to jeer him, this little provincial ? Well, per haps the pursuit would be all the more amusing if thus protracted for a time. Between an abject fear of offending her land lord, and a sense of right, the grandmother -was !ata loss. 'Pardon, monseignenr/ she stammered, 'you ?do not comprehend. Bosine, too, she does not comprehend. 'Tis bnt a young girl elill. In a little while, after Bhe is married, it will be time to talk of Oiese things.' 'Married!' repeated the Count, with a wicked smile. 'Married!* echoed Bosine, blushing red, and, fldding with sonv:; perversity, ? how do you know I am going to be married, grandmother ? I have not said yes/ ' Tou will say it, my dear, nevertheless/ answered the old woman. ' It is like that with every girl. We are baked in the same oven, one and all. I have been young myself, though you would not think it to look at me now.' ' Tou carry your years lightly, my mother/ said the Count. ' In fact, really hand some people never lose their looks, and you must have done some damage in your time. Eh ! But tell me about your granddaughter's marriage. Made moiselle will pardon me that I feel an interest in everything relating to her. Who ia the chosen one P When is it to take place ? I shall permit myself to present a wedding gift on tho occasion.' Bosine made a low curtsey, and her grand mother, mollified by his compliments, began to- wonder if this well-spoken count could be such a- bad man after all. ?She is promised to Pierre Legros/ said the old womun, and wished she had bitten her tongue off, rather than spoken, ere the words escaped her lips. ' Pierre Legros/ repeated the Count, with an air of satisfaction : 'a worthy young man, and a tenant of my own. I shall not lose sight of him. Permit me to say that I shall be present at the wedding, and that the sooner it takes place the better/ Eosine blushed again, but her grandmother turned very pale. ' Monseigneur, it is too much honour/ said both women in the same breath, but in very different tones. * Then I will take tny leave for tho present/ observed their landlord, as he courteously bent to print a kiss on Eosine's cheek ; adding, with another laugh, 'We have our privileges, you know, wo nobles. There is no danger, in my case, of their falling into abeyance by neglect/ The door had scarcely closed, and his feet might still be heard crunching the snow outside, when the old woman exclaimed angrily s * Make haste, Bosine 1 ; Sun to the sink yonder. Bo not lose a' moment. Take a basin of pure water, and rub your. cheek Where that villain kissed it, till the skin comes off. Oh.my daughter;, you have been such a good .child, to me. - And now, when £ dress you in white for your wedding, I shall wish I were hvying youVbut for the grave. Holy Virgin,- are yon gone to sleep, that you permit such horrors-1? And the1 'saints in paradise, what are they doing,, that they have all forgotten France ? . Culpa mea ! Culpa. meal I am a miserable old woman, and I don't know what I say.' Then she fell into a chair, threw her apron over her head, and burst into a passion of weeping that filled Bosine with asoonishment and dismay. But, henceforward, she was continually holding private interviews with Pierre, who seemed to in crease in her good opinion, as rapidly as her granddaughter fell into disgrace. The hitter, though never' for an instant relieved from her grandmother's superintendence, felt that a cloud had come np .between them, and that the con fidence and affection which had hitherto subsisted was gone, without cause and without explanation. It vexed her more than she could bear. Pierre, too, seemed anxious, morose, and unlike himself. The little cottage, once a home of so much happi nesB, was now possessed by a spirit of discord not to be exorcised or appeased. The outer world, that used to be suoh a fairyland, had lost its glitter, and seemed but an uninteresting sojourn of hard usage, hard fare, and hard work. Cold and hunger —nor in such severe weather was it possible for hex to escape the discomforts of both — had be come positive evils, endured with impatience and discontent. Eosine felt anxious/ low, dispirited, irritated,. even against Pierre, because of her humble lot ; and provoked with the Count, when even for a day he discontinued his visits. Wishing he had never. come — wondering he didn't come— hoping all the. ?while he .would come again. 