CENTRAL ASIAN EXPLORATIONS. [From the Australasian.'] One of the least known tracts of the earth's surface — or, at any rate, of that portion covered by history — is that part of Eastern Turkestan which lies between Thibet and Himalayas, Russian Aeia, and -China, and including the great desert of Gobi. What was known, indeed, was not of a character to inyite closer inspection. It is now 600 years since Marco Polo made known to Europe the existence of the terrible desert of Lop. The town of that name is on the edge of the desert, and the desertitselfis one of the most frightful wastes ever crossed by living man. It is covered with drift sands, and is absolutely barren sad trackless. A Chinese explorer who travelled through it in 399 a.d. wrote of it — ''Many evil spirits are there, and burning sirocco winds which Mil all who encounter them ; neither birds are to be seen in the air, nor animals on the land. There are no other means of finding the road than by guiding oneself by the bones of those who have perished there.' As this extract shows, superstition lent its aid to intensify the terrors of this. dreadful ?waste, and to the time of Marco Polo and perhaps to the present day the belief lingers in the existence of strange and dismal sounds which are heard by travel lers in this desert, and which are the voices of the local ghosts and goblins trying to lore the traveller to his ruin. Not much authentic information has been gained respecting this little known land until lately, when some light has been cast upon it by the researches of a distinguished Russian traveller and explorer, Colonel N. Prejevalsky, who has made some most arduous and exhausting journeys through the forbidding regions of this part of the ?world. The explorations of Colonel .Pre jevalsky seem to have had as one object the hope of discovering something of the gold fields which are said to exist to the south east of Kotan, on Chinese territory, and on the outskirts of the great desert. But there -was quite enough of geographical and ethno logical interest to make the latest journey he undertook one of great scientific impor tance. By it he was enabled to give an interesting account of the strangely isolated little state of Lop, as Marco Pols called it, or Lob-nor, as it is called by Prejevalsky, situated on the edge of the desert, and also to describe the course of the mysterious river Tarim, about which such strange stories have been told. This river rises in the greatest mountain region «n-the earth's surface, being fed by the snows of the northern Himalayas. As Baron von Richthofen has written of it, ?'The region which gives birth to this river is on a scale on grandeur such as no other river in the world caa boast. It is girt round by a wide semicircular collar of mountains of the loftiest and grandest cha racter, often rising in ridges of 18,000 feet to 30,000 feet in height, whilst the peaks shoot up to 25,000 feet and even 28,000 feet/' Through the vast space enclosed by these formidable barriers sweeps the river Tarim, gathering up influents as it flows, until it becomes a stream of great magni tude. It has a course of 1,150 miles long, and then gradually diminishes in volume, and ends in some lakes and swamps, its great flood being absorbed l»y the ever-thirsty sands of the great desert. Popular imagination in the surrounding Region has not been content to accept this -explanation of the disappearance of the great river. The general belief was that ?the waters dived underground and re appeared further to the eastward as the Hbang Ho, the Yellow River. Chinese geographers write that to the east and south-east of Lob-nor ' innumerable springs start from the sides of the mountains, and these when viewed from a height resemble -a sea of stars. They are deep and burst «ut with great force. It is manifest that a mighty river flows underground.' If further evidence is wanting popular tradi tion is ready to supply it. Thus it is told that — ' in olden times a young man of Lob went in his boat to explore the river beyond the lake. After going down the stream for seven days he saw a mountain ahead, and on goinsr'closer he found the river entered a frightful black and deep chasm in the rocks. He tried to stop his boat, but the swiftness of the current carried it into the ehasm. At its further end he saw a small black hole inside the mountain, and had only time to lie down in the bottom of the boat when it was drawn into the dark pas sage. The top of the boat ^craped the roof ef the channel, and bits of stone continually fell upon him. After a long time he emerged from the darkness into light, and found the bottom of his boat strewed with nuggets of gold. He went down the river for some days, and finally found himself in Pekin.' Colonel Frejevalsky started from the Russian town of Kulja, in the province of Bi, one of the latest acquisitions of Russia in Eastern Asia, in August, 1876, having two companions, some Cossacks and native interpreters. His caravan consisted of twenty-four camels and four riding horses. He gives in the account of Hs journey recently published and translated into Eng lish, a favorable account of theilli Valley, along which his road for sometime ran, and in which the Russians have obtained % valuable acquisition. 'Clean, pretty vil lages, with gardens shaded with lofty silver poplars, follow each other in quick succes sion. In the intervals are corn fields, irri gated by numerous watercourses, whilst on the meadows along the river's bank large herds of sheep, oxen, and horses are grazing.' Farther on the forests of Ranges were parsed, in which were found great abundance of apple, and apricot trees pro ducing excellent fruit. These ripen and fall off, and either decay or are devoiired by wild boar, bears, deer, and goats/ The Tulduz came next in route — a region cele brated for its beauty, its springs, meadows, and breezes. 'The farmsteads are de scribed 413 models of neatness anjL thrift, and the orchards produce the finest apples, pears, and pomegranates.' Sir /Douglas Forsyth, in his introduction to the; English translation of Colonel Preievalskr's book, reminds us that this valley-was a] favorite camping ground of Timour, and mentions that lf a native of these parts, speaking^ in raptures of the delights of this valley, said, 'Just as- you think Kashmir superior to all the rest of the world so is Yuduz superior to Kashmir.' This delightful region was found by Prejevalsky to be quite deserted, not containing a single inhabitant, all having retired owing to the .,?? raids of marauders. The expedition spent some time here hunting, and on resuming its journey entered the territory of ?akub Beg, tfce then ruler of Kashgar. By the officers «f this potentate every possible difficulty was placed in the way of their march — a circumstance not much to be wondered at when we remember what has been the usual consequence of the visit .of Russian 'scientific expeditions' to the countries ©f the Ameers and Khans of Central Asia. Prejevalasky, however, made his way onward, and struck the stony margin of what had evidently been an inland sea, now covered by the Tarim and Lob-nor deserts. The soil is loose saline loam or drift sand, remarkable for the absence of all organic life. It was the wildest apd most barren desert the Russian explorer had ever seen, although he has made explorations in some of the mest desolate wastes of Eastern Central Asia. Through this flowed the Tarim, here a considerable river from 350 feet to 400 feet wide, and with a depth of not less than 20 feet. How the natives of this miserable region live is indicated in the following passage : — ' Along the river banks to the right and left of ita course are scattered marshes and lakes. These are for the most part artifi cially formed by the natives for purposes of fishing and pasturage, reeds being the only food for cattle in this wretched country. The river itself assists in the irrigation of its own valley. Fine sand and dust driven by the wind-storms preva lent in spring are caught and retained by the trees, bushes, and cane-brake growing on the banks, so as gradually to raise their level above that of the adjacent land, which is constantly diminishing under the in fluence of the same causes. Hence it be comes only necessary to bore through the bank for the water to pour out of the river and inundate a more or less extensive tract of plain. With the water come fish, and in a little while reeds begin to grow. After a time the channel gets silted up, the lake grows shallower, the fish are easily taken, and the recently submerged land affords pasturage for sheep. When the reeds are all fed off the operation is repeated, and a fresh supply of fish and pasturage obtained.' The banks of the river flowing through this horrible waste are thinly covered with some stunted trees, chief of which is a crooked and -withered-looking poplar. These are so saturated with salt that on breaking a boturh a saline incrustation may be seen on the wood. In places you come to 'aeres of dead poplars, with broken boughs, shorn of their bark, lifeless trunks, never decaying, but crumbling1 away by degrees, to be hidden in layers of sand.' But the desert stretching away from the river banks is even more desolate. ' Which ever way you turn, an ill-favoured plain meets your eye, covered with what seem to be large mounds, but which are really hillocks of clay surmounted by tama risks, between which the path winds, every surrounding object shut out from sight, and even the distant hills hardly visible in blue outline through the dusty vapour which fills the atmosphere like fog.' Snow ' or rain are rare occurrences in this arid region. The expedition made its way to the town of Chargalyk, where it was com pelled by the hindrances of its escort to wintar. Here Colonel Prejevalsky ob tained particulars of the gold mines to the south, which were said to yield an annual product of about 19 cwt. of gold to the treasury of Yakub Beg. On the site of Chargalyk were seen the remains of mud walls of an ancient city, said to be two miles in circumference, and afterwards near Lob-nor were found traces of a very large city, now only represented by the name Kunia Shari — i.e., old town. Leaving his baggage at Chargalyk, Colonel Pre jevalsky started with some Cossacks to the mountains of Altyn Tagh to hunt the wild camel, which appears only to be found in a state of nature at this part of the world. His natural history collections and geographical and geological observations form a valuable contribution to science, but we cannot stay to notice them. On resuming his south eastern journey he: traced the river Tarim down into Lake Kara-buren, after which it rapidly diminishes, and finally ends, according to his observations, in the fresh water marshy lake of Lob-nor. We need not stop to refer to the discussions still in progress among geographers, whether there were not a more easterly channel of the river issuing in a saltwater lake, which is the true Lob-nor. Colonel Prejevalsky found the natives on the shores of the lake to be a people of primitive habits, who subsist mainly by fishing. Theyrlive in square reed -made enclosures on the reed-clad banks of the lake, and seem #o be amphibious in their nature. On landing at one of their reed-surrounded villages ' you look around — nought to be seen but marsh and reeds, not a dry spot anywhere ; wild duck and geese are paddling about close to the dwelling- place itself, and an old boar is quietly wallowing in the mud almost between the houses. So little does the native of these parts resemble a man that even the shy wild animal fearsihim not.' They form a strange unchanged relic of the primitive stage of mankind lingering on in this isolated region at the end of a great river, and cut off by a frightful desert from the rest of the human race. The description of them given by Prejevalsky reads, says Baron von Richthofen, like an echo of the most ancient Chinese records. Europe has emerged from antiquity into modern life, India has passed through numberless revolutions, Chinese dynasties have risen and fallen, the states of Central Asia have undergone manifold transformations, and through it all this primitive people have subsisted on unaltered in the depths of their great saline desert, preserving to modern times a picture of the childhood of human kind. The time spent by Prejevalsky at Lake Lob enabled him to observe the enormous flights of birds which passed there in spring time, on their way northward for the pairing season. They came in im mense flocks in the early spring and settled down, densely crowding large areas of the ice yet unthawed. u The noise they made on rising into the air was like a hurricane, and their appearance from a distance resembled a thick cloud.' After spending some time in making ornitho logical collections, for which his station gave him great opportunities, the Russian explorer retraced his way, and after visiting the Atalik Grhazee, Yakub Beg on his re turn journey got back to Kulja richly laden with scientific booty, but worn and exhausted from the frightful hardships and * privations which he had undergone, and of which he makes so small account in his book. A traveller of the Captain Burnaby order would have filled a volume enumerating the small annoyances, and much more the serious privations which a man like Prejevalsky takes as the necessary conditions of Asiatic exploration, and leaves unmentioned in his narrative. Rurax. Russia.. — Oae of the Russian eorres pondenDs of a Continental paper tells the follow ing story illustrative of the relations of priest and people in rural Russia. A young peasant, being about to marry into another village, de manded the necessary certificate from his pope. Said the pope, 'Very well, dear child, but I must first settle my little account with yon. You leave the village, but this means a loss to me. There would be — for your marriage fee, ten rou bles; the average of children, seven — seven baptisms, towels, and prayers, six roubles fifty copecks ; the average of deaths of children, four — four burials, four roubles. Tou may have to give a daughter in marriage— certificate, one rouble ; a son to enter as recruit for the army — ' well, we won't mind him ; but we still come to twenty-one; roubles fifty copecks; let us say roundly twenty roubles.' The young peasant said, after much consideration, ' But, pope, you may die before all this occurs.' ' Dear child,' replied the pope, u it is unfortunately true that we must all die, ard therefore we will square accounts for ten roubles.' The peasant paid the ten roubles for the certificate, and left the pope not quite contentedly. Printed and Published by- Thomas Kino, at the Offices, King William and Waymouth streets, Adelaide. 