SPIRITUALIST TRICKS. The special correspondent of the Register (S.A.), writing from London on the 17th January, gives an account of of a " new spiritualist sensation," from which the following is condensed :— Happening to be in Edinburgh lately, I had the pleasure of assisting at a seance of anti-spiritualists, which is causing curses both loud and deep among the mediums. The demonstrator was a young American, Mr. W. J. Bishop, a godson of that most genial of essayists, Washington Irving. A good account of him—the first published in this country—was given by Dr. Carpenter in his article on " Psychological Curiosities of Spiritualism,'' in Frazer's Magazine of November, 1877. Mr. Bishop was already a famous man in America, or rather a famous youth, for he had hardly completed his curriculum at Harvard. He is the son of an eminent lawyer in New York, and a friend whom he dearly loved having been driven mad by the mediums, Mr. Bishop covenanted with himself that he would leave no stone unturned to ferret out the whole imposture. The latest wonder at that time (1875) was Eva Fay, who had been over here in London leaping a golden harvest from the in- credulous. Scientific men put her to the galvanometer test, and she came out of it triumphant. Mr. Bishop studied this, and found out where the test was defective. Dr. Carpenter then invited him to England, and thence he went to Edinburgh, where he gave his seance before Sir Alexander Grant, several scientific professors, the principal clergy, Catholic, Episcopal, and Presby- terian, and other notables. The galvano- meter test was illustrated by Professor Tait, who vouched for the accuracy of the process, and also for the sufficiency of Mr. Bishop's explanation. Mr. Bishop himself then assumed the lead, starting with a very beautiful experi- ment to illustrate what Sir David Brewster and others have called " un- conscious cerebration." Archbishop Strain was requested to write on a slip of paper the name of a deceased person and four or five numerals, then seal it up in an envelope and put it in his pocket. A length of thin wire—12 or 14 feet long—was produced, and one end of it placed on the left hand of the Archbishop. Mr. Bishop, taking the other end, passed it over the tips of the fingers, of his right hand, and across his brow. Having been blindfolded, he began to recite the numerals one, two, three, four, &c.; At seven he turned back and repeated four, five, six ; then named five as the first number. In his second round he selected seven, and so on till he had the required number. Repeating the alphabet in the same way, he picked out the first letter of the name on the slip, going over them again until he had got four letters, when he guessed that the name was " Scott." On ex- amination of the Archbishop's slip both the numbers and the name were correct. The Archbishop was more puzzled about the numbers, because he said he had forgotten them himself. Mr. Bishop considered the illustration all the better for that, as the Archbishop's mind had acted without his cognizance, and his nerves responding to the mention of the figure or letter had agitated the wire perceptibly enough for Mr. Bishop to feel it in full sway. Afterwards came the conjuring. Mr. Bishop had his wrists tied as tightly as he could bear with hospital bandages, one on each wrist. The bandages were sewed to his shirt sleeves, and tied together behind. They were next tied to a strong iron ring inserted in the wall, where he sat in a camp stool. His legs were bound firmly to the stool, which was nailed to the floor, and his neck was also bandaged to the wall. As he sat in view of the company, you would have thought it was absolutely impossible for him to move a quarter of an inch up or down, to the right or to the left. A tam- bourine was placed on his knees, con- taining several small bells, whistles, and other noisy instruments. A curtain was raised, the pianist struck up a dance tune, and instantly the whistles were heard squealing, the bells ringing, and the tambourine drumming. In another second the bells were flying over the curtain on to the floor outside. In the second illustration a heavy bucket was placed on his knee ; the curtain rose for a second, fell, and the bucket was on his head. Number three.—A tam- bourine, with a glass of wine on it, was placed on his knee. The curtain rose and fell again, and he had the glass in his mouth, swallowing the contents. Number four was an answer to a challenge he had received from Russell Wallace, the naturalist, who is also a spiritist, to tie a bandage round his neck with a ring on it while in the cabinet. A strip of hospital cotton was placed round his neck by the at- tendant with the ends crossed on his breast. A ring was put in his mouth, and the curtain ascended. This time the interval was perhaps a minute or two, and when it fell Mr. Bishop sat with the bandage tied very tight and the ring on it. It had to be cut off, and the ends were passed round the company. Illustration five.—Two small boards and a hammer were placed on a chair beside him. In half-a-minute he had driven a nail through both boards. The last two dark perform ances were made with a gentleman in side the curtain. He sat close to Mr. Bishop, with his left hand on his fore- head and his right on his thigh. He had to allow himself to be blindfolded ; but he was to report to the company if he felt any movement of Mr. Bishop's head or legs. A violin, a flute, and some bells were put in as before, and on the curtain rising the bells began to fly about again. When it dropped the violin was seen lying on the gentle- man's shoulder, and he reported that he felt himself tapped by a hand on the arm, face, and head, his own hands being all the while on Mr. Bishop. At this stage Mr. Bishop offered to perform in full view of the company any of the feats they might select. He explained beforehand .that they were done partly by physical contortion and partly by sheer strength of forearm. Tlie company then asked for the neck tie feat, and at his request a doctor stood beside him. The fact was, as he let out afterwards, he was afraid of fainting before he had finished it. When the strip of cotton had been arranged on his neck he made two or three wriggles as if he were going to turn his chest to the wall, whether his head and legs would follow it or not His left hand came round from behind, and seemed to lengthen itself visibly as it slowly reached toward the end of the cotton. With the tips of his fingers he secured the two ends, looped them, and with a simultaneous effort of the hand aud head he got one end into his mouth. Having drawn the first knot, he made a second, slipping the ring on, and then a third. Dr. Maclayan reported to the company that his pulse had risen to 100, and that his muscles were in a state of tension such as he had never witnessed before, and he condemned the experiment as dangerous ; and Mr. Bishop himself admitted that it was not one to try often. He was asked to repeat the slate-writing, a very clever feat. The slate was laid on his knee and a slate pencil stuck between his feet. Repeating his strange contortion he brought round his left hand and got hold of the slate, passed it behind him, and giving a wriggle in the opposite direction he brought his right-hand vest pocket within reach of his elastic right hand fingers. Extracting a pencil from it he quickly wrote oil the slate at his back, and very clear regular writing it was. Subsequently he exposed some of the minor tricks of the trade, of which ghost-raising is one. He made a gen- tleman sit down before him with his back to him, then he had his hands firmly bound behind his chair in two loops. In a trice he released one hand, . struck the gentleman on the shoulder with it after challenging him to catch it. Before the gentleman could wheel round on his chair Bishop had his hand back into the loop behind him, apparently so tight that it could not be pulled out. To finish, he brought for- ward a case like a small sentry-box, with a narrow seat in it. He had his wrists bandaged again, and the ends of the bandages passed through holes in the back of the box and sealed behind it. A strong rope netting was drawn over the front of the box and tied be- hind by several rows of cords, a small drum, tambourine, and bells were thrown down beside it, and the curtain was drawn on him. All the lights were lowered, and, true to his promise, be " raised " the patriarchal John King, who shook his grizzled locks above the curtain. But the sensation of the seance was the materialized Kitty King, who came from behind the curtain and showed herself as a beauty of a couple of centuries ago looking for affinity. This ghost business, as he explained it, is one of the most im- pudent humbugs the mediums attempt. He showed that the case had a spring at the bottom, which released an iron frame to which the netting was fastened. The frame could be raised and the net- ting along with it far enough to let the medium get out. The only difficulty was to release the hands from their sealed bracelets. The wardrobe of the spirits—wigs, laces, and ghostly millinery —was concealed in the drum he had thrown down, as if casually. As a more conjurer, Mr. Bishop could, if he liked, take the place of poor Heller, who died recently at New York, but he has another profession in view. His arms are an anatomical study— a thick muscular forearm, passing abruptly into the wrist of a boy, and expanding again into a broad, short hand. He admitted to the medical men, who eagerly scanned it, that it had the power of elongation—a very rare, but not unknown, muscular peculiarity. Miss Fay, he said, had the same gift, and also that of contor- tion, but, of course, she had not his great strength. Her slimness, perhaps, compensates for it. He affirmed that her tricks had been performed precisely as he had shown, and hinted that, like Mrs. Tilton, she had become an in- teresting penitent. 