ABSTRACT OF NEWS. Register Office, January 25. The E.M.S. Tanjore arrived January 1 at noon, bringing English letters and papers to No vember 22. ? . The Orient s.s. Lusitania arrived January 15, having made the passage from Plymouth in forty-seven days. The Orient s.s. Aconcagua sailed hence for London via the Suez Canal December 24 at noon. The R.M.S. Siam with English mails to De cember 19 is due to-day. The telegraph cable was out of order between Batavia and Singapore from December 29 to January 8. His Excellency the Governor has been on a short visit to Melbourne, where he further re ported on the defences of the Port Phillip Heads. The Chief Secretary (Mr. Morgan) has returned from a trip to Melbourne, and the Commissioner rf Crown Lands (Mr. Playford) has left on a n:cnth*s tour through Victoria, New South AY ale*, acd Tasmania. Mr. McArthur, Alderman of the City of london, arrived here January 6 and left January 7. He was entertained at a banquet in the Town Hall Council Chamber. Mr. Anthony Hall has been elected a Director of the Commercial Bank in place of Mr. A. TeiLant, who has left the colony. The practicability of the electric light for gei.eral use is still attracting attention, and the Postmaster-General has arranged to obtain a Siemen's machine. A Government school was opened at Narra coorte by tbe Minister of Education January 20. The Government have organized and sent out an expedition under the command ef Professor Tate to examine the country to the north of the great Australian Bight, with a view to deter mining on the feasibility of obtaining water by artesian wells, there being no surface water in that direction. They have also dispatched an agent to America to obtain the most approved boring apparatus. Meanwhile an artesian well has been successfully sunk on the Cunuinona Run, about 300 miles Lorth-north-east of Adelaide, yielding a supply of about 10,000 gallons per day. The water was reached at 371 feet below the surface, and rose to within about 90 feet of the surface. A commercial value is thus given to 110 square miles of arid and heretofore valueless country. An anonymous article has appeared in the Jlilbourne Betitw on ' Political Parties in Vic toria' which has attracted much attention here, partly because it is stated to have bsen written by Judge Boucant, of this colony. It is avowedly written by a man of Conservative instinct*, but the writer blames the Conservatives of Victoria in very strong terms for their want of modera tion and disinclination to bow to the f opular will. During the year 1878 the number of Govern ment immigrants that arrived in the colony was 4,262. Portions of what appears to have been a large (?hip have been found on the South-Eastern coast, and are believed to be the remains of a very recent wreck. Tbe estimated register tonnage of vessels in harbour at Port Adelaide during the first week ef January was 34,701 tons, exclusive of Government vessels, steamtugs, and hulks. A tender has been accepted for the excava tions and basement wails of the new Govern ment Offices, Victoria- square, for £6,649. The rabbit nuisance has been to some ex'ent abated by tbe parties sent out to destroy them by the Government. A movement has been u,ade to secure united and simultaneous action by landholders and the Government to destroy the pests, and the Government have promised to commence a stringent enforcement of the Rabbit Act February 1. In the meantime large quantities of bisulphide of carbon are being manufactured for extirpating the rabbits. A correspondence has appeared in the Press in reference to New Zealand wine duties, arising from a statement of the Hon. G. M. Waterhouee, formerly of Suuth Australia, but now of New Zealand, that Australian wines were generally fcrtifitd, acd that with the worst spirit for such a purpose, viz., spirits of wine. The truth ui the statement is emphatically denied by authorities here, but it is pointed out thit Mr. Wattrhouse when here used spirit of a very inferior character, against the use of whic'i he was warned. Notwithstanding Mr. Waterhouse's statements the Legislature of New Zealand te duced the duties on Australian wines. Au old man named Stanier Bourke left Meningie December 27 and was lost in the bush till January 2, when he was discovered by » search party, organized by Pol ice- trooper Cleu dh lieu, vety much exhausted and lyiug down under a bu*h. An excellent life-size portrait of the late John Howard Clark has been painted by Mr. A. Mac Coimac and hung in the Institute. The Com mittee of tbe Howard Clark Memorial Fund have also raised a sufficient sum to purchase a university scuoiarsnip. Mr. lbomas Parker, who recently arrived from Newcastle-on-Tyne, has been appointed Town Suiveyor of Port Adelaide. A line of railway from Glenelg to Brighton has beeu constructed by tbe South Coast Rail way Company, and opened for traffic. A sew Museum, to be used principally as a herbarium. 100 feet long by 43 feet wide, is to be erected forthwith in the Botanic Garden. Dr. Schomburgk, the Curator, has a colleccio i if 16,0'GO species of plants to place therein. A new Government schoolhouse and residence for the head master has been erected at Unley at a cost of £2,525. An earthshock was felt at Anlaby, January 11, at 5.15 p.m. On the 13th other shock* occuired at Kapunda. and Marrabel, and on the 19th a severe shock was felt at Alice Springs, 1,036 miles north of Adelaide. Several public meetings have been hel 1 at which resolutions have been passed to memo rialize the Government to take step* to prevent an iullux of Chinese. Active operations are being cirri ed on at Granite Island preparatory to tin construction of the Port Victor Breakwater. During 1S7S there were 37,000 bales of wool conveyed from Goolwa to Victor Harbour. The Adelaide and Fort Adelaide Brickmaking Company have decided upon the issue of addi tional shares to the extent of £5,000 for the purchase of additional plant. The promoters expect to entirely stop the importation of bricks from the other colonies. The volunteer force at the beginning of the present year numbered 650 men, giving an increase of 112 during 1878. Torpedo apparatus is beinsi manufactured for the colony by Joseph Bi others, of Melbourne and some of it has already been received. Arrangements have been made for extending the issue of money -orders by telegram to Tas mania on and after February 1. A ntw brickmaking machine has been patented in the colony by Mr. A. O. Evans, cal culated to work off 60,000 bricks a day, with an engine of lti-boriepower and six or eight hands. A. contract for making the machine has been accepted at £42.-. Two large schoolrooms have been built by the C&tboli;'s in connection with the new convent of Christian Brothers in Wakefield-street. The opening ceremony took place January 20. The Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by Father Essor, and the formal opening was pertormed by Dr. Reynolds, R.C. Bi.ho? of Adelaide, assisted by several of his clergy. A number of counterfeit banknotes have b.en put in circulation iu the South-East. At a meeting of citizens held in the Town Hall. January 21, a rate of twopence in the pound on trie assessment was agreed to for lighting the city, a motion for a threepenny rate having been negatived. Tenders have be^u called for lighting the city with kerosine, owi 12 to an advance in the price of the Gas Company's tender. It is proposed to form a Company with a capital 01 £45,000, in £5 shares, to purchase the property of the Western Australian Timber Company. The sixth annual Conference of the Wesleyan Methodists was opened January 21. The B«v. C. H. Goldsmith was elected President for the ensuing year. EMi. corvette Danae, 1,755 tons, Captain J. 0. Purvis, arrived January 22 from Western Australia. The barque Elizabeth has arrived from Mauritius, chartered to carry horses to that colony from hence. Mr. J. H. O. Langdon, the City Surveyor, tendered his resignation January 22 in conse quence of tbe City Council having reinstated a ganger named Martin, whom the Surveyor had recommended for dismissal. The City Council have since then dismissed Martin, and have declined to accept the resignation of the Surveyor. At an influential meeting in the Mayor's Room a Committee was aDpointed to collect funds for the relief of the shareholders of the City of Glasgow Bank. The Chamber of Manufactures have awarded a prize of ten guineas to Mr. W. Anderson for tie best design for a workman's cottage. The public amusements of the month in cluded the following: — Dramatic and musical performances at tbe Theatre Royal and in White's Rooms ; annual races on the East Park on New Year's Day ; regatta at Port Adelaide New Year's Day; a musical and literary en tertainment in the Town Hal], January 6, given by the Rev. O. Clark, assisted by Miss Christian, R'.A.M., and others; a complimentary concert given to Miss Christian in the Town Hall, January 16, under the direction of Signor Giorza; comedy entertainments by the Wheeler Family in White's Room. New Year's Day was observed as a general holiday. The public amusements included races on the East Park, a regatta at Port Ade laide, the Oddfellows' annual demonstration at the Exhibition Grounds, marine excursion to Edithburgh by about 500 Good Templars, sports at the Glenelg Skating Rink, &c;, &c.; At the annual meeting of the friends of the Belair Inebriates' Retreat aa encouraging report was presented and adopted. In the discussion which took place the necessity for further support being accorded to the Retreat by the public was pointed out, in order that separate provision might be made for habitual drunkards sent there fiom Police Courts. It was generally admitted that if this could be afforded the Government would be relieved from a large expenditure in maintaining these persons in gaols, and that the State might therefore be fairly called on to contribute to their support in the Retreat. Information has been received that on December 13 Mr. W. Travers was murdered by the blacks and his camp plundered near Li ru mens Bight River, Northern Territory. The deceased was associated with Mr. R. Buchanan in driving cattle, the property of his uncle, from Queensland, and the murder was perpetrated while the party were away muttering the cattle. Our obituary notices include the following : — Mr. Montague Fhillipscn, of the firm of Barry and Phillipson, died rather suddenly January 2, aged 61 yesrs. Mrs. Scott, widow of the late Hon. W. Scott, M.L.C, died at Brookside, Magill, January 2. The deceased lady arrived in the colony with her husband in April, 1833, in the ship Canton. Dr. Eadon, formerly of Goolwa, died at Wilcannia January 6. Dr. O'Reilly, B.A., died suddenly at Glenelg January 7, aged £0 years. He was Vice President of the Medical College of Physicians, Ireland, and one of the writers for the Dublin Qvarttrly Journal. Dr. John Fisher, J.P., died at Adelaide January 7. He held the appoint ments of Visiting Surgeon to the Yatala Labour Prison and of Returning Officer of Yatala for many years. Tte value of the imports at Port Adelaide during the year 1878 was £4,398,327, and of the exports, £2,S87,347. The Customs receipts for 1S7S (outports in cluded) were £526,705 12s. 3d. The value of cereal export during 1878 was £1,655,703 6s. 9d. The immigration at Port Adelaide during 1878 was 13,017 ; emigration, 7,206. Registered births during 1S78, 9.2S4 ; ditto deaths, 3,749. The population of the colony on December 1 was estimated by the Registrar-General at 248.5S4. The staple exports of the colony during 1878 amounted to £4,095,595. The railway receipts on all the Government lines during 1878 were — for passenger traffic, £101.754; goods traffic, £164,090; total, £265.544. The total quantity of land sold last year for cash was 22,349 acres, yielding £81,603 6s. lid. (exclusive of improvements and of purchases of land previously held on credit). The total quantity gold orj deferred payments was 609,363 acre?, at an aggregate amount of £940,057 3s. During the three weeks of the present year eroded January 18 the exports of wool from Port Adelaide only were — Staple produce, 15.380 bales, value £202,760; foreign produce, 381 hales, value £4,905; total, 15,761 bales, value £207,725. There have been during the mail month 36 intercolonial arrivals at and 43 departures from Port Adelaide, and 19 extracolonial arrivals at and 16 sailings from the same pert during the same period. From outporta tcere have bten 4 extracolonial departures. There have been 18 insolvencies andasdiga meuts during the month. 