RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN DENOMI NATIONAL AND IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. The Herald, of Tuesday beavo witness, in tho following reports, to the thorough efficiency of the education given in the principal Catholic schools of the city, and its testimony is above ouspicion of partiality. St. Mart's. The St. Mary'o Roman Catholic schools avo situated near tho Cathedral, and tho promises extend from St. Mary's Road on the one side to Woolloomooloo-strcet on tho other. Thcro aro three separate bcuuuiu, m iusmuw uu.nu.iuyu. mu boys' school' is under tho charge of Mr. Edward Boston, with an assistant master and two pupil ' teachers. Miss Bruton is the head toacher of tho girls' school, with an assistant mistress and two pupil teachers. Miss Harding is tho mistress of the infants' school, with an assistant-teacher and a pupil teacher. These schools are looked upon as tho model schools of tho Roman Catholic body, and they are conducted in a highly creditable and efficient manner. Ao is usual in Denomi national schools, the first hour of the day's work — from half-past nine till half-past ton — is devoted to religious instruction This is always imparted by tho teachers thcmselvos, and tho clorgy, although they frequently enter tho schools, do not interfere with tho work of instruction. Tho Council of Education lays down a certain Btandard of efficiency, which it expects all schools to attain to whether Public or Denominational, and it enjoins that certain secular lessons should bo given to each class. The first hour of tho day, however, it leaves in Denominational schools for the masters to arrange as they choose, of courso with tho sanction of tho local Board. At St. Mary's the head teachers prepare a programme for the religious instruction of the children during each quarter, and the lessons, as indicated by the time table, aro given with the same regularity as tho aeeular lessons prescribed by the Council. JUet us describe tho manner in which tho religious instruction is imparted in these schools, as we saw it on tho occasion of a recent visit. The children assemble in the playground, and aro put through a courso of drill by their teachers, and aro then marched into their respective school rooms, whore they take their places at the desks, in classes. Tho boys' schoolroom is a fino, sub stantial stono building, lofty, well lighted, and well ventilated. The walls are hung with tho usual maps and educational diagrams, but besides these there aro a number of oil paintings, repre senting landscapes and hunting scenes. These unusual adornments to a schoolroom, we learn, wore placed there at the instance of the lato Archbishop Polding. On a closo inspection we notico that there is a crucifix or two in tho room, but they are not prominently placed, and in fact thoro is very little in the appearance of the ap partmenta to indicato that it is a Denominational, any moro than a Public, school. At the very first glanco it is easy to sec from tho orderly behaviour of the children, and their attention to the teachers, that the discipline is of the highest order, and thi3 is one of the most important objects to be attained in the management of a school. There i3 no talking, no ' moving ; but each child stands perfectly still, ?waiting patiently for the word of command. We are struck also by another important particular, in which thio school differs from many. All the children, even those mo3t poorly clad, are clean and noat, and there is a look of intelligence about thorn which ohowo that education rather than teaching is the system applied to thorn. The day's work always commences with prayer, and at a signal from tho head master every boy silently drops upon hi3 knees. Afow prayers are repeated by the master — prayers that do not differ much from those used in tho Church of England, except that the name of tho Virgin Mary occurs once or twice. The Lord's Prayer, in which the children join, forms part of the service. Tho demeanour of tho children through out was orderly and devout, and there was an entire absence of shuttling about or noise. Tho master then gavo the signal to rise, and the chil dren settled down into their places for the religi ous lesson. Tho Biblo does not appear to be used, but the lessons aro founded upon Butler'a Cate chism — a work in which the dogmas and distinc tive doctrines of tho Roman Catholic Church are set out and explained. Confining our attention ohiofly to the fourth, or highest class, in which tho religious instruction was givon by Mr. Bes ton himself, we noticed that tho lesson wa3,.as already remarkod, founded upon the toxt-book, not taken from it. That is to say, tho children wero not required to repeat in a parrot-liko kind of way tho words of the Catechism, but thoy were questioned upon the meaning of it, and wero ro quirod to give in their own way their own in terpretation of the ideas contained in it. Tho leason was on the subjoct of Confirmation, which is of courso regarded at St. Mary's a3 a sac rament. Hero was a dogma to begin with, and it was naturally treated entirely from a Roman Catholic point of view. So voral references to Scrip ture wore contained in tho lesson, and tho boya were expected to know and remember theso references, but the Biblo itself was not reforrod to, nor wore tho toxts quoted, though ' other texts that cropped up incidentally in tho courso of tho lesson wero repeated by the teacher. Several mattors peculiar to the Roman Catholic faith, and heterodox to the Protestant Church, wore . alluded to in tho courso of the lesson, such as Holy Oils, their consecration by the Bishops, and their efficacy. In fact, the whole lesson from beginning to end was purely a Denominational one, and from a Roman Catholic standpoint, nothing could bo butter. Tho manner in which tho losaon who given was admirable in tho ex treme. The attention shown by tho boya could not have boeu surpassed. Thoy evidontly took on intercot in thoir work, and thoir ausworc woro, generally speaking, correct. Tho lessons givon to , tpp three lower qli\paoo woi-p affcpra circular niodol, t&ongh; siadi'b oiaaplo in obylo, co go to bo qdaptod to younger children. Very few. of the boys camo late. About a dozen who did so had thoir names taken down, and they would have to pay tho penalty of detention during play hours, by way of punishment for thoir want of punctuality. The cane ay ao not once used during tho lesson, and in fact it did not seem to bo much required in this school, owing to tho perfection of tlie discipline, and the vigilance a.nd energy of the head teacher, for this gentleman, while instructing his own class, had his oyo all the while upon the other classes, and did not fail to detect the slightest inattention or attempt at talking, oven at the other end of the room. Not a boy was allowed to speak, oven in anowor to a question, without permission. Those who believed themselves able to answer held up their hands, but no one uttered a syllable except tho boy who was indicated by tho master. If hio answer was incomplete or wrong, another boy was called upon to correct him. At the con clusion of tho hour for religious instruction, tho boautiful Catholic hymn, ' Hail,° Queen of Heaven,' was sung. We wero unable to be present in the girls' school while the religious lesson was given, but wo learnt that tho same system of instruction prevails there, and that similar lessons are given. We aro informed that since tho issue of tho Pas toral letters, seventy children have been with drawn from the Public schools, and sent to St. Mary's. SACRED HEART SCHOOL. Tho Roman Catholic Denominational School in connection with the Church of the Sacred Heart is one of tho most considerable in the city, and the number of the pupils on the roll has been augmented by about one-third since the publication of tho first Pastoral. Tho school rooms aro beneath the church, those occupied by tho girls being separated from the boys' school room by a partition. Thoy are dark and gloomy, and their appearance altogether not calculated to aid the work of the teacher, or conduce to the health of the children. It was decided, at a meeting held some days ago, that now school rooms' should bo erected; and it is quite time that the work of construction should be pro ceeded with, having regard to the import ance of suitable buildings in the prosecu tion of educational efforts. On tho morning our reporter visited the school, tho pupils were, as usual, put through the outdoor exercises by the head teacher and his two assistants, and wero then marched into the schoolroom. The principal teacher (Mr. Butler) took charge of the elder boys, and the pupil teachers the smaller children, and in their several classes they proceeded at once with the religious part of tho day's exercises. Tho schoolrooms do not admit of' any distant separation of the classes, and consequently a visitor might take the head teacher's instructions in at one ear and those of his principal assistant in at tho other — a state of things hardly calcu lated to secure the best educational results. The lessons consisted of examination in catechism — tho Rev. Dr. James Butler's Third Catechism boing that in use in the school, and the particular subjects for tho day wero those contained in the 11th and 12th lessons, tho principal teacher asking other questions of an explanatory character. And in regard to this gentleman it may be mentioned, that instead of being ignorant of the Holy Scripture — a charge made against Roman Catholic teachers — he claims to havo boon acquainted with them from his childhood ; and ho has in his school desk a copy of a commentary on tho Grospels and other books of the New Testament, by Dr. M'Evilly, Bishop G-alway, by which ho his fortified and guided in his work of communicating Scriptural knowledge. Beginning with the subject of the Roman Catho lic Church, tho teacher asked, ' Why do you call the Church Roman ?' The answer was given in tho words of the catechism, ' Because the visible head of the Church is Bishop of Rome, and be cause St. Peter and his successors fixed their see at Rome.' Next followed a question, not in the catechism, 'Who is the invisible head of the Church?' which was answered, 'Jesus Christ, our Lord.' Then tho children were asked : ' Supposing St. Peter was not at Rome would it make any difference to his being acknowledged as tho' head of tho Church? ' Tho answer ' No ' was followed by the ex planation that the Saviour conferred supre macy on St. Peter, not on tho seat ; and that the Church might, undor other circumstances, have been the Australian Catholic Church. ' Who is the visible head of the Church ?' was an swered : ' The Pope, who is Christ's Vicar on earth, and Supreme Head of tho Church ;' and sundry other questions explanatory of this fol lowed, such as ' What is a Vicar ?' The answer to this, ' One who acts instead of another,' was succooded by tho further query, not in the oato ohism, ' Has the Popo any right to act instead of our Bleoced Lord.' 'Yes,' was the answer, and tho explanation was givon by the teacher that ho had no right to act in other matters than matters of faith — such other mattero as as tronomy for instance. ' When wag St. Peter made Popo or head of tho Church,' brought tho answer, ' Chiefly when Christ said to him, thou aro Peter, and upon this rock,' &c.; Then fol lowed questions a3 to tho right of apostolic suc cession, which wero roplied to according to tho Church Catechism. ' Can the Church err in what it teaches,' was answered, ' No ; because Christ promised to the pastors of His Church, be hold £ am with you all days even to the consum mation of the world.' Thon followed those quostions and answers : — ' Q. Why did Christ promiso always to remain with His Church ? A. That Ho himself, directing and assisting by His holy spirit tho pastors oil Ilia Church, might teach all ages and nations. Q. What oleo did Christ promise to His Church ? A. That the gatos of hell uhould not prevail against it. Q. What othor advantages havo avo in tho true Church ? A. Wo hiwo true faith, with tho communion of saints, and tho foryivoncos of nino. That Christ loft to the pastors of His Church, the power of forgiving oluo.' Then followed en ospb.up.Uon that some Protestants said that if a Catholic wero to go to confession, the priest, if lie got money, would forgive him any number of oinu, though he intended to commit them again. ' Is that true ?' said the teacher. ' No,' replied the children. ' In what frame of mind must you bo in when you go to confession ?' A. ' We must bo heartily sorry, and resolve not to offend Grod any more.' ' Supposing a man told a lie in confession, what would that be ?' A. ' Telling a lie to the Holy Grhost.' ' If you mot a priest in the street, and told him a lie, would that bo a lie to the Holy Ghost?' A. 'No; but it would be very wrong.' Several questions were then asked in the succeeding lesson on ' Sin.' Q. What is sin ? A. Any wilful thought, word, deed, or omission contrary to the will of Grod. Q. What is mortal sin ? A. A grievous offence or trans gression against the law of Grod. Q. Why is it called mortal sin ? A. Because it kills the soul by depriving it of its true life, which is sanctifying grace : and because it brings everlasting death and damnation on the soul. Q,. Does venial sin deprive the soul of sanctifying grace and deserve everlasting punishment ? A. No, but it hurts the soul by lessening its love for Grod, and by disposing it to mortal siii. The Scripture says, ' He that contemneth small things shall fall by little and little.' These and other questions of similar purport con stituted the hour's religious exercises, after which the ordinary course of lessons prescribed by tho Council of Education were gone on with. The elder boys answered most of the questions with tolerable promptitude. One or two seemed to be ignorant of the catechism, and were referred to by the teacher as shocking examples of Public school irreligion, they having only lately been received into the school from the State schools. The teacher in his departure from the actual words of the catechism exhibited au intelligent apprehension of the views of Protestants in re gard to tho doctrines he taught. Scriptural texts favouring the creed of the catechism were quoted, and he brought in the Church of Eng land prayer- book to support his questions and answers on the subject of confession. And any visitor to tho school could not but be impressed with the idea that the children were in a Catholic atmosphere, being thoroughly impregnated with Roman Catholic dogma, rather than with those Christian truths which are common to all Chris tians. 