The Contributor. A TRIP TO THE LOWER FLINDERS, QUEENSLAND By CHARLES WHYTE. No. II Southwick is an extensive breeding station that supplies many of the northern runs with bulls of excellent quality, as Dotswood pro vides new settlers with mobs of breed ing cattle to form the nucleus of their herds. From thence we proceed over many miles of forest country intercepted by ridges of lava and rocky creeks to Nulla Nulla, a wayside publichouse, scarcely worthy of the name. In about half a day's, journey from this locality we leave the basalt behind us, but the forest, although by no means thickly timbered, is nearly continuous, I might almost say interminable ; broken at intervals by narrow plains and dry sandy creeks, the land maintaining an undulating nature as we pass Messrs. Hanning's Limestone Creek, and Reedy Springs cattle stations, both well grassed and watered runs, and reputed for the breeding of good horse flesh. On reaching Mount Emu range, the surrounding country for several miles was completely devasted by bush fires ; not a blade of grass or leaf was left from the lowest base to the loftiest pin nacle of the range ; on every hand the eye was confronted by the blackest ruin, the grey rocks and loose stones denuded of their ver- dure presenting only the charred stumps of tree and shrub, appeared to give utterance in every breeze that rushed down the range to a melancholy wail of dark despair. Never be fore did I contemplate so weird a spectacle or such utter desolation. However, northern trees and vegetation possess a wonderful vitality, and a few thunderstorms, aided by the beat of the sun and the warmth of mother earth, will in a few weeks restore this wilder- ness of ruin to its wonted beauty, clothing the trees with foliage, and burying the nakedness of the rocks in tropical verdure. Descending from the range, which is of granite formation, we reach a black soil, flat, well grassed, and watered by a creek to the west, and a large series of springs to the east. On this creek Mount Emu Home station is situated, Mr. Thompson being the pastoral tenant. About 12 or 15 mile3 from the crossing of this home station creek, we deviated to the east from the main Flinders road along a bridle track leading over useless country strewn with loose boulders, and sparsely wooded by stunted scrub down a steep and tortuous descent into a picturesque ravine known as " Betts's Gorge." This ravine, a portion of Fairlight station, extends for several miles in a northerly direction, is enclosed by precipitous granite rocks and steep ridges of lava conglomerate that constitute a natural paddock fenced in by formidable barriers to cattle, and is used for that purpose. Timber and grass are abundant in the ravine, and large lagoons and rocky creeks give an unlimited supply of water. Fair- light homestead, situate in the gorge, has but a hut left as a relic of its former life and bustle in the days when it was a sheep station. The site of the woolshed is still discernible, and the ground is littered with many of its belongings. It is now the property of Mr. Stewart, of Southwick, and is used as a weaning and fat tening run in conjunction with the adjoining station, Telemon, from whence it is managed. There are few stations in the north but have in a measure suffered from the attacks of blacks, although at present in this locality their in roads are comparatively of rare occurrence. The gorge in that respect is not without its history, for at one time they came in force from the neighboring ranges, drove a mob of fat bul- locks into an angle of the ravine, and speared them all or broke their legs. On that occasion they escaped to the mountains before sum- mary vengeance could overtake them, but subsequently they were unmercifully de- cimated when they made their appearance on a like errand. They were caught in a similar trap to that in which they surrounded the cattle, and nearly exterminated. No amount of caution seems to prevent them from doing mischief whenever an opportunity pre sents itself, and my own firm conviction is that the young men of the tribes are hounded to damage the squatters' property by the old men and gins, whose age and sex protect them from his retribution. As we debouch from the gorge, crossing and re-crossing the windings of the stony creek by which it is watered, we get a view of the sur- rounding country. Before us lies a beautiful valley, barricaded by range and forest. To the east and far away into the distant horizon timbered mountains near their heads, crag above crag, peak above peak. Here we pass to the right a native' police encampment, pre- sided over by a sub-inspector, whose duty lies in quelling the attacks of marauding blacks and driving them beyond the bounds of haraas- ing the settlers, a most unthankful and diffi- cult task. When any squatter is subjected to annoyance and damage by them, the usual method is at once to forward a requisition to the district inspector, requiring his presence and stating his grievance. The inspector makes his appearance with his retinue of black police, armed to the teeth, tracks the culprits to their fastnesses, and disperses them ad majored in the time-honored fashion. A few more ascents and descents in the Tele mon timbered and grassy ranges, leaving the home station to the east, we emerge from the forest by which it is encircled, and for the first time the magnificent rolling downs of the Flinders burst upon our view. Miles upon miles of almost uninterrupted plain clothed with long Mitchell grass growing in tussocks. To the east, and flowing in a northerly direction, the road running parallel to its course, the Flinders river is well defined by its stately gums. Small belts of timber extend irregularly from its windings and pierce the plain, while motley mobs of prime cattle graze around at leisure, or lazily ruminate in the shadows of the gums on the river's bank, giving to the whole land scape a peaceful and domestic appearance. As a cattle country the Flinders cannot be sur passed in Australia, and well deserves its eulo- gium of " Squatter's Paradise," for everywhere we constantly come in contact with cattle that for size and condition may well vie with the primest stall-fed bullocks of English markets. They never want for food and water, seldom or ever become actually low in condition, which accounts in a great measure for the excellent order in which they arrive in our southern markets after long months of travel and hardship. For about 10 miles from Telemon towards Marathon the country is paved with circular " damper shaped" boulders of cretaceous rocks, rich in the fossil remains of an extinct creation ; and many valuable specimens have been recovered from the argillaceous strata over which the Flinders flows, the most interesting being saurians 20 feet long, inumerable fishes, and ammonites are very common. At Marathon home station,a distance of 20 miles from Telemon, and belonging to the same squatter, Mr. Stewart, the true nature of the Flinders dark soil becomes apparent, and like that of all virgin country is loose and yielding, so much so that in many localities a beast can be tracked with ease for miles in the driest weather. After the heavy rains of the wet season, when the fierce heat of the sun has ab stracted much of its moisture, it becomes rent by cracks and fissures, and subsides into deep and dangerous holes where any flood water has passed over it. It is, however, becoming yearly more consolidated by the treading of stock. Twenty-five more miles bring us to Messrs. Bun- dock and Hayes's Richmond Downs station, the country presenting the same natural features throughout. This station has a splendid herd of cattle, numbering about 20,000 and has an unlimited supply of water both in the Flinders and also its smaller tributaries and back creeks. The homestead is built on the river, and makes the centre from which her Majesty's mails are distributed for hundreds of miles. Of the time when this post office was first inaugurated an amusing story is related. The station was then managed by an eccentric Scotchman, a good sample of the hardy bush- man, belonging to a jovial class indigenous to a country overflowing with salt beef and damper. As is the case with many bushmen, a recourse to any materials when presented in the form of pens, ink and paper was his especial horror. As manager, the duties of assorting the mails devolved upon him, and to this he had a great aversion; indeed, it was about the last thing in the world he was fit for. No doubt long isola tion from communion with his fellow-men had made him somewhat singular, and for this business, rather obtuse. When arranging his letters he would deposit them in all sorts of inappropriate places, even to his pockets and between his teeth. The result was that when he attempted to make up the bags and allot them their proper places he generally succeeded in making confusion only worse confounded. No persuasion from the head office could ever elicit from him the ghost of a return. In vain they plied him with all the threats of office and red tape ; not a line would he deign them. As a last resource the Postmaster-General sent him a stinging letter that elicited the following characteristic reply:—' "You're a knight of the pen, I'm a knight of the whip, if you think you're so d---d smart, can you inform me how many square yards of ground it will take to round up a thousand head of rushing cattle on a wet and stormy night? — Yours, &c.; " The P.M.G. must have thought him incorrigible or a madman, and so troubled him no more. This letter has been a standing joke in the north for years ; and apart from its relation to the busi- ness in which it was employed, has a laugh- able significance to bushmen initiated in the ways of cattle and the almost utter impossi- bility of staying a furious stampede on such a night as the one specified. All the northern mails are carried on packhorses, for which ser vice the Government pays most handsomely. The different routes and stages are let by ten der, no tender being countenanced unless bear ing the signature of a well-known applicant, or endorsed by a person of some standing as a voucher for the tenderer's integrity. However, a northern mailman as a rule earns all the emolument of his office, for at the commence ment of the wet season he is subjected to much hardship and very often imminent danger from flooded creeks and swollen rivers that block his way and hem him round. When the wet weather actually sets in mail delivery on the Flinders becomes an impossibility. The next station on our route is Cam bridge Downs, the only sheep station we have encountered since leaving Towns- ville. About 10 or 11 years ago nearly all the Flinders stations were stocked entirely with sheep, but the heavy expenses in curred in forwarding wool and the want of a market for fat stock, thousands of which had to be boiled down in Townsville for a meagre remuneration, almost ruined the squatters, and the Flinders as a sheep country fell into disrepute, I believe un justly. Mr. Nash, the present manager and part owner of Cambridge Downs, informed me that crossbreeds did exceedingly well on his station, growing an abundance of wool free from all that fuzziness and lightness usually attributable to northern fleeces. The greatest drawback, I believe, is the lambing percentage, it being much below our southern average. This is owing in a great measure to the ewes being too fat to breed. If so it is obvious that when the country is fenced — a height of im provement to which none of these northern stations have hitherto arrived — the evil may be easily averted by regulating, the feed to certain limits ; but as long as sheep are shep herded very little advancement need be ex pected. The only attempted within my know ledge at that time to form a sheep station in the Gulf country since the failure of the earlier squatters was that of the late Mr. Rawdon. Green, who depastured sheep at Jacky's La goon, about thirty miles up the Albert River, from its debouchment into, the Gulf of Car pentaria, near the site of the now abandoned Burketown, where he fell a victim to the ra vages of fever, one, of the great causes of the Burketown exodus, many of the inhabitants attacked dying after a three days' illness. This fever was reputed to be identical with the yellow fever of the West Indies. The absence of sheep stations materially hinders the com mercial progress and settlement of this district. The quantity and variety of stores required by cattle stations, and the amount of labor they employ, are insignificant in comparison to what would be necessary if sheep were depastured on the lands. Under the present regime white labor is at a discount, the stations being prin cipally worked by blacks taken from their tribes when mere children and reared on the run. It is even quite a common event to see gins out mustering, and capital stock riders they make. Riding in a man's saddle, and dressed in the approved costume of Crimean shirt, moleskin trousers and cabbage-tree hat, they can round up a mob of cattle and crack a stockwhip with any stockman. The black boys on a cattle station are all that could be desired, smart and active in a yard, and their services as guides or in tracking stray animals are invalaable. Faithful and patient under hardships at which the white man would grumble or altogether succumb, the northern settler is indeed fortunate who owns two or three of them. Although they receive no re muneration whatever but the clothes they wear and the food they eat, and as much tobacco as they can smoke, it is very rarely they run away to their tribe ; and if at any time they should do so their stay is of short duration, and they are only too glad to get back again. Their keen sight and bush instincts have repeatedly not only preserved the life of the squatter but his flocks and herds from slaughter by the dis covery of the presence of their wild nomadic brethren, to whom they bear a most unnatural hatred, dispersing them being their greatest pleasure. I have often envied them their cheerful and happy disposition, arising pre sumably from ignorance on the one hand and the absence of all care and responsibility on the other. The introduction of Kanaka labor is another feature in the history of these sta tions that has been the means of debarring white men from employment, and it is ques tionable, if the squatters have been benefited at all by the substitution. These Kanakas were engaged for, I think, a term of five years; strangers both to the language of the country and the duties for which they were intended, everything in the form of work had to be taught them, and the result was in many in stances — some coming under my own notice — that their period of engagement expired before they could be utilised to any advantage. They were chiefly employed at work, stockriding being out of their province entirely, and the ludicrous mistakes some of them were guilty of are highly amusing. A squatter and a friend of mine employed two of these fellows. One dark night he was returning from a mustering expedition with a large mob of cattle. He despatched one of his black boys with an order for the Kanakas to light a fire near the stock yard to enable him to see the slip-panel. Judge of his astonishment and dismay when on wheeling the cattle at the yard a Kanaka stepped from behind each post of the slip-panel with a lighted slush-lamp extended in either hand, to show the cattle the way into the yard. This sudden apparition so surprised both cattle and stockmen that for a moment there was dead silence, followed by a crash like thunder, as the cattle rushed, and were lost for that time at least. In the present unfenced condition of the northern stations considerable difficulty is ex perienced by the recent settlers in keeping their store cattle on the runs, and in the wet season, when it is an impossibility to give them sufficient attention to guard against their straying, or follow them when strayed, they wander long distances, and generally in the direction where they were bred. In the dry time of the year this is of course easily averted, and in the hot weather the necessity of being near water prevents them from wan dering to any extent. On the old- established stations, where nearly all the cattle have been bred on the runs, or from long association have been reconciled to them, no trouble in this way worth mentioning is encountered ; they are always to be found, and unless the locality be very scrubby are easily mustered on the rivers and creeks or box swamps of the forest. The vast scope of country embraced by these runs, and the magnitude of their grazing capa city in comparison to the stock depastured, reduces their management to but a name, although by no means a sinecure, comprising one monotonous routine of mustering and branding year after year, from the end of one wet season to the incoming of another. Im mediately after the rainy season subsides the fat cattle are mustered and started for market, generally that of the Palmer. In fact all the fat stock of the Burke and Northern Ken-, nedy, with but few exceptions, are sent to these goldfields, and there realise an average price of £6 or £6 10s. per head. This mar ket is however rapidly on the decline owing to the gradual dispersion of its population, consequent upon the exhaustion of the allu vial diggings. The capacity of the Palmer market is about 10,000 head per annum, and comprises not only the scattered digging popu lation, but also the towns of Palmerville, Maytown and Cooktown. The principal con sumers are Chinese. In the months of Octo ber and November many of the settlers make a practice of burning large strips of country, so as to ensure an early crop of green grass, that springs up with wonderful rapidity when stimulated by the thunder storms which sweep over the district in these months. The great heat of the ground and the oppressive warmth of the nights at this season force it up, so that a growth of at least two inches in 24 hours is not at all unusual. At the same time of year the wild blacks burn hundreds of miles of un occupied country, and the smoke of their fires can be seen rolling in great dark clouds away to the east, where they principally dwell, and where the land is nearly useless for squatting purposes for a radius of over 300 miles in that direction, extending from the confines of the settled districts northerly to the coast. Their object in thus laying waste the country is to destroy the rough dry grass and undergrowth, and so secure a fresh vegetation that will be easier to travel over. Many of the destruc tive fires that frequently devastate large por tions of the unoccupied lands are attributed to their malice. When these fires occur early in the dry season they are often fraught with serious consequences, as no rain falls to renew the growth, and the country may remain one vast desert for months. (To be Concluded in Our Next.) 