THEATRE ROYAL. " LES CLOCHES DE COKNEYILLE/ The principal place of amusement in Ade laide having been closed for a few weeks, the patrons of the Theatre Royal mustered in full force when it was reopened on Saturday, Feb ruary 15, by the English Comic Opera Com pany, who met with a very encouraging recep tion. The house was crowded in every part, and the applause was frequent and unstinted. Most of the members of tlio company have previously pertormed here, but the princi pals, Miss Clara Thompson and Mr. Bracy, made their first appearance on the boards of the Royal on Saturday, and created a very favorable impression. Mr. Bracy is the possessor of a very pleasing but light tenor voice, and Miss Thompson is a ' soprano of fair compass and a- clever actress, with face and figure that will make her a favorite with .any audience. They are both artists of repute, who have held leading posi tions on the lyric boards of the sister colonies for several years past. For an opening night the performance on the whole was very suc cessful. The opera was well dressed, aud placed on the stage in very creditable style. The orchestra has been strengthened for the musical season, and with the chorus is under the able direction of Mr. Van Gfaele, Mr. -J. Hall officiating as leader. " Les Cloches de Corneville" (the Bells of Corneville), is a work that was composed by Robert Pianquette, Messrs. H. B. Farnie and 11. Reece furnishing the English version. The plot we gave in a previous issue. We find the dialogue to be witty and amusing, and the music of a light aud attractive character. The composer lias not created anything remarkably striking in the shape of solos, bat he has succeeded very well with the choruses. Of course it is possible here and there to detect a resemblance to airs and selections from other operas, such as Henri's song in the second act, " Hay, no phan tom they," which is very like the page's song in " Girofle-Girofia," but the music on the whole - is origin and pleasing, and should secure for tiie Work a full meed of public favor. The first act opens with a chorus of servants who wish to • be hired at the fair, and Serpolette (Miss Thompson), who is a bib of a virago, begins, to gossip away the reputations of Suzanne (Miss Cliilds), Jeanne (Miss Leopold), and other women until in a vigorous chorus-1 6he is assailed as a scandalmonger. In. the pretty rondeau, "I may be a Princess,"' she sketches her history, and imagines that although picked up as a foundling she must be a person of importance. Grenicheux (Mr. Bracy) enters, and sings the barcarolle ,£ On. billow rocking," which seems to indicate that he was once a sailor boy, and was thus enabled, to be instrumental in saving the life of Gor— maine (Miss Lambert). This number was well, sung and loudly applauded, and was followed by a duet between Ge-rmaine and Grenicheux^. " 'T-was but an impulse," and then, Germaine gave with charming effect the " Legend of the bells?' with a striking " ding-dong" chorus and accompaniment, that evoked loud expressions of approval from the audience. Mr. John Fordo, a fair actor with light baritone voice, ap peared as Henri (Marquis de Corneville), and sang the valse rondo, " With joy my haert has often bounded," and after another song from Grenicheux, " That night I'll ne'er forget," the act concluded with a. lively finale and picturesque tableau brought about by the hiring of the heroines as servants, and the-, in dignation of the miser, old Gaspard. lathe second act the interior of the haunted castle is shown, and some amusing by-play occurs with the Bailie (Mr. Leopold), Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenicheux, who try to look, brave, hut are terribly afraid of the gbosfcly visitants of the old armory. Henri is heard to advantage in the song, "Nay, no phantom they," and a very fine chorus occurs,, "Silent heroes," which was very effectively rendered. A duo follows between Henri and Germaine, in which he discovers that she has made a vow to marry the man who saved her life,, believing that man to be Grenicheux; but' Henri alone is aware that it was he himself who saved her. a secret which he keeps for the present. Greni cheux is compelled to stand behind a suit of armor and wait the coming of the ghost, while the others retire to an adjoining chamber. He is at first terribly frightened,, then, amazed to see Old Gaspard, the steward (Mr. Temple ton), enter-and array, himself in a sheet to per sonate the ghost, then having lighted the apart ment, take some money bags from a recess in the wall and busily gloat over his treasures He is surprised in this occupation by the entry of the Marquis and his servants, and a striking finish to the act is formed by the old man.going mad over his money bags, whilst the chorus threaten to hunt him down till the ban is re moved by the intercession of Germaine. As at the conclusion of the first act all the principals, were called and the curtain had to be raised again. In th e concluding act old Gaspayd, who is demented, sings the song of the beggars, and; Serpolette struts about in finery under the supposition that she is a countess, until the old. miser produces the missing leaf from. the. registry, which proves the identity of Ger maine, who is the real heiress, and of course, marries the Marquis. Mr. Templeton as Gas pard was well cast, and did fall justice to the. part. Mr. Leopold was very amusing as the Baillie, and Mr. Johnson aa Coho was a droll and dry supporter, the pair causing an immense amount of laughter in some of the scenes. The. minor parts were creditably filled. In tho third act Signora Pasta and Miss Florence Slater danced a 2,as ll-e ^cv-:s graceful movement and artistic skill, and were compelled to respond to a recall. The same piece wiil ba repeated this evening. 