ORIGINAL POETRY. COLONEL SHAW’S WISHES. O that the whole earth were but one great temple; And ail. mankind renew’d, the worshippers ! Churches and sects, partition-bars to love, "Estranging for a day, eternal friends— O fling these hack into their native hell— A ll othtr idols to the hats and moles 1— Did sorrow enter heaven, how would some weep O’er this, our poor world’s history, when they read Heaven’s chronicle of earth’s occurrt nces, And saw, like blots unon the shiuins I'aS Their jealousies and party-shibb'oleths— Those cyclopean towers, whence infidels Do “ laugh their Judge Eternal in the . face.” O that the whole earth were but one great temple; Aud all mankind renew’d, the worshipped 3 Ah ! Is it strange to see the cloud withdrawn From off our tabernacles, when the fire, Placed in our censers, is not lit by love— Ih e Angel of God's presence quit the camp, When, in the awful work of winning souls, The armies halt upon the howling waste, And, Esau-like, withstand each other’s course, Instead of moving hand- in-hand in love! Much more of this than meeteth every eye, Purls in the under- currents of some hearts, In mazy serpentine deceitfulness, While the smooth surface glides in sunny srnilea' _ Lord, make us watchful of • treacherous hearts, And heal these hitter waters into love !— Now eighteen centuries have pass’d away Since, on the earth the atoning blood was shed; And still the curse is on it—it is still A waste of thorns and thistles unreclaim’d ! There must be something, which we soon shrill know, - In that bright land, where all things are explained,— . There must be something which impedes the march Of Christianity upon the earth. What if this something be—not partyfeuds— N ot animosities, but sect-regards— Mere views—mere Jorms—mere partialities 1 Bow many, when they pray, “ Thy kingdom com e!” Mean but the spread of their own little sect 1 And when they wish reform, meau but to bring All other sects and parties to their own ! Thus, prayers which come up to the eternal throue, . . May, in: their terms, be seven titaes purifled ; But He who reads the spirit, sees alloy—■ A hidden sect-reseive still tinging them— A swelling leaven of self-preference ; And, in mere mercy,passes by the prayer, \- Lord, “ let thy kingdon come !’’ Tliiufc. Lord, of right— Let.it come on in'glory arid in. power— Thine only be the glory, as the power ! . O hasten that acclaim from every tongue— That oue loud song of triumph over hell— The world's great jubilee of millennial sabbath— Heaven . u-ion earth re-Edenod from the cursC.- T ® E f F A T E I * A A .js O F B E R B Y . (From “ Brown’s Monthly,”; upon a midnight, dieaiy, ? Berry ’, jj°hiiers, gluin arid weary, ,' .By. S': light that sheds ho clieery heains .i diiacrosB the office floor^ CWjJte,' injected Bill heforebim—prwst of duties ad valorem, Clnef of many a trusting quorum that Imp lmn-lierfetofore^ - phief, b£ many an ^outraged quorum.that ..wifi help him All ;! ’hbw well the day I ponder, when I 1/ hopeful sailed from yonder, liinkin'g,’ quoth he, ‘ I no longer would be thwarted as before : Now, -|I dread . the Opposition, notwithstanding its condition— . . , ■ Still chaotic as pe.dition, it will lau it me evermore— Though. cL-otic as perditicr, it will hound me E v e r m o r e ~ Talking thus, and sadly thinking, while the lamp continued blinking, Ho .v to face with mien unshrinking, Service, Francis, and their corps ; Thinking thus, and partly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one near him rapping—r.ippin" at his office door— Someone likfe a spirit rapping—rapping faintly at the door. ‘ This must be,’ said Berry, rising,1Woods, i . 'my puppet; advertising: •- ;••. - But his presence ,is surprising at this moment, aud a bore ; Yet dear John is not my choice, lest.—here ' the door on hinges noiseless Opened ! and advancing voiceless, stalked across the soinbre floor, ” ' »< The Ghost o f Service—nothing more! ‘ Ghastly spectre ! dread alarmer!' shrieked out Bern', waxing warmer, ‘ Hast t'floa come up here to harm ia fellow member, and to pour In his ears grim accusations of bygone dissimulations! Wilt Lhou cease to try my patience, and go hack from hence lute ooiri Quoth' the spectre, • Nevermore 3' ■ ‘ Bugbear 1 bogie ! I defy thee ! and tins very iustant by the Bolts of Jupiter, I’ll try thee, and thy boasted spirit lore— Omen grim!’ continued Berry, from his cushioned chair upstarting, ‘ Will the public take my part in House tn.l country as before V Quoth the spectre, ‘ Nevermore!’ * Fiend ! with fiugcr pointing hither, like a vane in evil weaJier, Though I hate thee altogether, teil me truly, I implore, Having sworn to scout dictation, can I, with increased taxation. Pixy l'or ever on the nation, filling thus my pocket's craw ?’ Quote the spectre, ‘ Nevermore ! ’ ‘ Frightful creature ! let me ask thee (for I ’ve swum this night to task thee), If the public should unmask me, will my public day be o’er 3 Are the members in their senses ? will my Bills, Ac* s, and defences, llack-door measures, poor pretences, gull the lot as heretofore 1’ Qu >th the spectre ‘ Nevermore !’ ‘ Prophet ghost! thou thing of ev il! tracking me like dogging devil— Wanderer from the pithy level of the night’s Plutonian shore! By thy mouth, so fierce, capacious, is there, is there in the spacious Future aught for me that’s gracious ? will iny breath again he law ?’ Quoth thespectre, ‘ Nevermore I’ ‘ Be that word thy last one spoken—vanish ere all hope be broken ; Leave no footmark as a token of thy presence on the floor— Get thee hack to black perdition !—by the hands of coalition I will keep n.y proud position, keep it as I ’ve done of yore!’ And that spectre, never flitting, with no thought, at all of quitting, Still glooms close to Berry sitting—sitting ' h," moody, lone, and sore ; -end the monotone so uttered; yea, the :j single word thus uttered, In that chamber, latched and Bhutterod, ' with the shadow on the floor, Shall be silenced nevermore ! 