A WIFE WVITII TWO iHUSBAND 3 A DOMESTIC STORY. B£ Tm AUTHOR OFr " LADY JANE GoREy." CHAPTER XV. (Continued.) " Yes, I know that perfectly well" ",And you also, for on searchinz my house, they would find suficiect to compromise you, and to authorize your arrest." " That's just the thing that frighte.?s me," responded Morel, with a shiver. ' Morel," he hissed, in the man's ear, " we must follow the steps of that young girl. We have not u minute to lose," he added, as he has. tened to, and sharply rang the bell. " What is that for ?" wobdering askled Morel. " Be'silent,"said the count. Simon quickly camein answer to his master's ring, and the count said to him "Let me have a second light, I have some accounts to arrange witih Mr. Morel, and we shall have to work through the night." He gave a significant look ti Morel, who immediately seated him self at the table, as if in readiness to begin, but without understaiiding what it all meant. Simon placed another light upon the table, sayingO " Is there anything else, count?" " No-exceept to take particular carethatwe are not disturbed." Simdri withdrew, and Morel got up from his chair, and stared hard and wonderingly at the count. a'Now, come Morel," said D'AI bretto, " we must move as quickly as possible." "What do.you mean?-you have just told Simon that you are going to remain in this room, and in an bour or two, he will .come hack and find you have gone out." "Oh, no," replied the count. There was another door to that room besides the one through which Simon had just gone, and the count now carefully and quietly bolted them both. "Then we are to stop here ?" cried Mlorel, in amazement, as he beheld that operation. By way of reply, D'Albretto qpened a small secret door in the wainscoat. "Who would have thought of that ?" exclaimed Morel. "This secret door," said the count, " will conduct us into the garden, and that way we shall go out without being seen." "Good," said Morel, taking his hat. The count hurriedly took from the drawer of a buffet a couple of oloaks and two masks, one of each ofwhich he gave to Morel. "Why these ?" asked Morel, witlh an uneasy feeling. " 1 think it prudent that we should wear them." " What are you going to do, then," demanded Morel, suspicious and frightened." " 1 know not yet," replied D'AI retto," we will talk about that as we go." "But really, count, I-" "Do you wish that we should lose all trace of .Madeline?" "Then, let us go." "Yes, go on--l'll follow you." "Go you first," said the count, half pushing Morel through the see cret door. About to follow, a thought sud denly struck him, and he took the o rings from his fingers that he was in the habit of wearing, and laid them on the table. Then, he followed Morel, closing the secret door, and saying to him self " Now, then, to play a heavy stake to win or lose all I" CHAPTER XVI. TIIE TWO MIASKS. The count \nd Morel, as the former haedknow 'ould be the case, escaped from the ansion without having been seen their departure suspect ed by any use. When in the street, Morel's courage failed him, and he would have been glad to withdraw from an affair which he could but know would be very serious. As yet, however he had really no idea to what a terrible extent the count had determined to proceed. The count and Morel hurried away after Madeline but not in the straight line which • she was pursuing, but through bye-streets, which would shorten the distance for them and bring them out near the point at which Madeline was expected to fnd Ambrose. " How do you intend to deal with the girl wheii "we have overtake,. her ?" asked,.Morel. " Can you not guess?" said the count. i'" can. thi~k of but one way." "Well let me hear." " You intend to make her your prisoner ultil those ten days have expired ?:' " Whither could- we take her ?" " 1 suppose that you had thought of that." " And even-had I done so, ho~w convey her. to that place of sa curity. - " i believe that you have setti - that also." "You are mad what opportunty hare I had-have I left you for a siigle moment ?" " No ; that is true." " We could not drag her on foot through the streets, and to pla:, herin a coach would certainly le d to our discovery." "Then whatever can you intend to do?" "There is but one course left us to pursue?" "And that is ?" "Oh I youknow," said the courit. "Indeed 1 have not the slighest id -a replied Morel. "Is that ignorance feigned," D'A' bretto asked himself, " or is he real:y so slow of apprehension ?" .. He placed his hand upon More,'s shoulder ? both stopped intheir]walk and the count whispered in his coa federate's ear " We must kill her l" "No, no," hastily cried Morel;" i will have nothing to do with that," and would have broken from d'Al bretto, only that he was held too fas' to all.ow of his escape. .......... " Fool," saidthe count, "your owo safety, as you know, equally-wijh mine, depends on the, hindran6' of that marriage." "Yes, .I'know that," tremble-t Morel, "but I--" "Come oh," said d'Albretto, fairly dragging Morel forward. " If that marriage could by any other meanus be prevented, gladly would I let ho, live; but there is no other way." "Let me go-I will not," crie Morel, struggling vainly to free him self from the count's powerful clutch. "You have come with me thus far, have already made yourself my ac complice, and shall not desert me a at the moment when Imost may need you." "1 am bad enough, I know," said Morel, "but I will not steep my hands in blood." "Nor shall I,",.responded the count. "Have you then relented ?" " No ;" resolutely said d'Albretto " What, then, will you-" "We will throw her into the river." "But," trembled Morel, "her body will be found l" " That may or may not be; and, in any case, what will it matter to us ?" " Suspicion will certainly point to wards you, and should it be discovered that we had left your house after--" "That is impossible 1 But, hark ye, Morel," said the count, as coolly as though he were talking of the moat common-place affair in the world, " she has about her money, a watcb, and trin kets. We will take from her all of them, and should her body be re covered from the Seine, it will bh thought she had been drowned by the roffians who had robbed her-that sort of thing is not unoommon, as you know." They continued to hurry forward, until, leaving the bye-streets, they came out upon the straight and direct way which Madeline had been instructed to pursue. From the rate at which they travelled and the distance they had savcd, they were very certain that they were in ad' vance of their intended victim. Reaching tbo foot of one of th0 bridges that cross the Seine, they hid themselves, donned their cloaks and masks, and waited. It was now midnight, and, in that quarter, not a soul was to be seen; not a sound to be heard but the splaihing of the waters against the buttresses of the bridge. Morel, shook all over, and his teeth chattered, Not a word was spoken; not even in a whisper. Morel had lost his voice, and if he had not, d'Albrotto had coma a.auded him to be silent, and would have compelled him to obedience. They had waited but a few minutes when they heard footsteps, light and apid, and coming towords the bridge near which they were concealed, Morel trembled more violently than ever, and seemed hardly able to keep upon his feet. The count grasped and shook him, and then, the footsteps sounding now Imost close to them, dragged Morel f rth from their hiding-place, and the two villains together fastened upon Madelino, Morel feeling that he had been forced too far now to retreat, and fearing, besides, for his own i fo from d'Albretto's desporation if now he failed to assist in the hellish deed. The count placed his hand upon the poor girl's mouth that she might utter no cry, but he might htvo spared him.. s-if that trouble. Already shivering with fear at find ing herself alone in the streets at that hour of the night, no sooner did she be hold those masked men than she swoon od, and but that she was upheld by her ruffianly assailants, would have fallen to the ground. Hastily they possessed themselves of ico valuables that she had about her and taking her, the count by the shoul_ ders, and Morel by the feet, they swUng her light form backwards and forwards once or twice, that they might be cer tain of throwing her into deep wat~r and then hurled her, all unconscious a, she was, into the river. That done, they threw af:er her the artieles they had taken from her and fled, darting into and through a narrow ill lighted passage. CHAPTERI XVII. THIE RIGHT ROAD. JOHN .)UIRAMEL, as We know, started in no very good humour to execute the commission that had been given to him by Mr. Jacques Morel. "John had a habit of talking to the two horses which drew his coach a, though they were animrals on two legs instead of four, and were qui c capable of understanding him. And those two horses he had christened the one Mlarengo and the other Negress; wherefore he had given to them thoe two names will soen appear. "No, no, Mlarengo," said John, "its no use trying to pull us round that way, we are not going home yet I can tell you. Goalong Nogress, don't yoo be sulky, like a good old girl. Then he muttered to himself. " Poor things they are wandering a doubt, and asking one another what I moan by making them go in this direc tion, at this time of night, with nobody in sight without even the ghost of a fare." Then rising his voice and again addressing his horses. "It ig'nt my fault, do you hoe I am as tired as you are I know. I have been cheated into the journe; by a mean fellow that never stops inside my coach again, if I know it." At last he reached the place D', Vosges, and drew up before MIorel's house. " Here we are my beauties at the end of our journey," John said to his horses as he alighted. SHerang and the door was openedb; a surly-looking elderly man, in a very -habby livery. " Is this Mr. Miorel's house," .aske John. "Hasn't he told you so?" gro-ledthie man. " Well he told me the number was--" " There that will do, go and let him out? what's he stopping in there for. " He isn't in my coach," replied John. " Then what have ,you come here for. "I would rather not have come I can tell you. " What do you want" cried the man quite savagely. "I want to be at home and I wish I was there now said John." " I wish I could see a policeman" sail the man looking down the street. " And some of these days a policeman may wish he could see you," said John. "Why yenou insolent----" "There, hold hard ,that will do-I have come to tell you your master won't be home to-night." " Oh !-- you are paid I suppose ?"' ' Yes; but as you are such a nice pleasant fellow, perhaps you will ask me in. I should like to pass an hour or two in your agreeable company." " Be off," cried the man, and went in slamming the door to. John Duramol climbed up to his seat on the coach, saying to his horses, " Did you ever know a more surly and cantankerous fellow? But he is not a bit worse than his master, they are a pair, I can tell you. A nice thing to come all this way, and to be kept out of your stable for that sort of people isn't it? But trot along now,my beau ties; hoe we go." Marengo and Negress jogged along at their own pace, and left to their own guidance, for they knew the road quite as well as their master. Beside, John Duramel had fallen into deep thought, was no longer seated on that coach, but, was away in Savoy, living over again those happy days that he had passed in that poor hut at the foot of Mont Cenit; days that he had always felt were not fated to endure, and the like of which he had no hope ever to know again. " Ah l" he sighed. " dear Viotorine -darling little Maddy !" With that he aroused himself, and looked to see how far he was on the road towards home, for he had taken no heed, and might as well have been fast asleep on his box. " What!" he cried, "have we got as far as this? Well done, my beauties, you are faithful servants, and go on with your work all the same, when the master is not lkoking after you." Then he thought to himself, "I know some animals on two legs that are quite different to that, and who, when their master's eye is not on them, do just nothing at all." John concluded that his horses knew better than he did himself when he was leaving them to themselves, and had forgotten all about them, and per Ihaps he was right. " I dare say they think that I go off to sleep," he said to himself, sadly, shaking his head. The church clocks struck twelve. * Midnight, I declare," he said to himself. " Come along, we shall shorten our road a bit by going thie way." He pulled Marengo's rein, thinking to cat off acorner by driving through two or three short streets, buht Marong> objected, and evinced a decided dispo :tion to keep on the way he was goin g. ,::m .p I: s?. , " Oh, well," said John," go you' own road, you obstinate pig. If you prefer the longest way take it, only I tlought you were in a hurry to get home, that's all. I don't mind if you dion't-hbut if we wore carrying a fare you wouldn't have your own way ,s, easily, I can tell you." (To be Continued.) 