Penrith. (From our correspondent.) POLICE COURT. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5. (Before Mr J K Cleeve, J.P.) VAGRANCY. — Edward Broadington was charged with having no visible lawful means of support, or fixed place of abode, &c.; Pleaded guilty. Sergeant Fowler stated he saw prisoner about town yesterday and last night, and he arrested him. Prisoner then stated he was nearly blind, and as he could get no work, he wished to get into gaol. He had threatened to commit some crime if he could not get there otherwise. In answer to the Bench, prisoner stated he had not been intoxicated for twelve years. If he could get to gaol he might get something done for his eyes. The Bench sent him to gaol for three months, and recommended medical treatment. DRUNKENNESS. — Kitty Booth was charged with being drunk. Defendant said she had been fretting the loss of her sister, and had just been to the public-house, and was being put out by some man; she did not approve of being handled. When she was taken to the lock-up she used bad words and acted very unseemly. She was fined 5s., with a cau- tion. OBSCENE LANGUAGE AND DRUNKENNESS.— George Ireland, a very desperado from the mountains, was charged with obscene language. He was found guilty, and fined £2. The fine was paid. William Haynes, charged with drunkenness, was fined 2s. 6d., and for using obscene language 10s., or 14 days to Parramatta. He concluded to take it out. Chas Brooks, charged with drunkenness, was fined 10s. Paid. John Hogan, charged with drunkenness was fined 10s. Paid. _____________________________________________________________________ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. (Before Messrs J D Single and J K Cleeve, J.'s P.) DRUNKENNESS.— Henry Cummins, for being drunk, was fined 2s. 6d. or 24 hours. Paid. PERMITTING ANIMALS TO STRAY.—Thomas Harford was charged with allowing a horse to stray at St. Mary's. Defendant was ill, and forwarded a doctor's certificate on the back of the summons, at the same time enclosing 5s. to pay the Court. The bearer of the money stated he was authorized to plead guilty, and was also willing to abide by any decision the magistrates would give. The case was heard ex parte, and the accused was fined 2s. 6d., with 2s. 6d. costs, or 7 days. Paid.— Andrew Thompson, for allowing two horses to stray, was fined 5s., with 2s. 6d. costs. Paid.— Peter Wyche was charged with allowing a cow and calf to stray, fined 5s., with 2s. 6d. cost. Paid. — Henry Neale, charged with allowing three horses to stray, was fined 7s. 9d., with 2s. 6d., costs, or 7 days. Paid.— John Price was charged with allowing a cow, his property, to stray. Defendant did not know anything about it. The cow was at home when he went to church, and soon as his back was turned, she went out. It appeared, but returned again before he did. However, it transpired she was kindly sent home. On Monday defendant having returned from a journey was pleased to find on his secretary a money order (as he thought), folded carefully awaiting his acknowledgment. Imagine his horror upon opening it to find it was one of those little summonses to appear at the police office to answer the charge. Doing so, their Worships reminded him he was a frequent offender, but as they had been lenient with all the rest they would maintain the same demeanour towards him, and fined him in the sum of 5s. with 2s. 6d. costs. If not immediately paid, to ride to Parramatta and remain there 7 days. Defendant thinks (although it is very wet) it was hot. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.— Eliza Baker, charged with using obscene language, pleaded guilty. She said she was very sorry, but she was provoked to it. The Bench remarked that the language was something awful and had very serious thoughts of sending her to gaol without the option of a fine. It seemed a fine was of no use. She had a decent and hardworking husband, and through her conduct he might get dismissed from service. She had also a respectable family. Defendant appeared very penitent, and hoped the Bench would be merciful to her this time. She had made a vow to her husband to be better, and she would. The Bench, in consideration of defendant's husband and family, and her vow, let her off with a fine of 10s., with 5s. 6d. costs. But the next time she might expect six months. The fine was paid. DANCING LICENSE.— Mrs Donnelly applied for liberty to have music and dancing in her licensed house, Strangers' Home, South Creek. Applicant not being present, the Bench remarked it did not appear courteous. However, it was granted. ________________________________________________ FLOOD IN THE NEPEAN.— The latest news I can possibly give you respecting the flood is (at 5 p.m. on Wednesday) the rush of water against the piers of the iron bridge, carrying it within four feet of the capping, but at the outer piers, where the water runs smoothly, it is about eight feet from the capping. It will be remembered that the 1867 flood carried an oak log on to one of the piers (where it remained for years, until a spark from the engine fell on it, and being so much decayed, it ignited and smouldered to ashes), yet the free course of the water was several feet from the bridge. A great quantity of dead timber is drifting down, and I was sorry to see one splendid cedar log sharing the same fate. I have heard of several going down the stream. This morning a cow and calf and a horse, all dead, together with a stack of hay, passed the bridge. The water was rising about one foot per hour this morning, and is still rising, but not so fast. Four or five of our neighbours' boats are gone, leaving us a very scanty supply. The water from the Chinaman's Creek has covered the main road and bridge. The only communication to the river is along the railway viaduct. Several families are now removing from Castlereagh, fearing they will be water-bound by the water from Stuart's drain. THE WEATHER.— I think I can safely say it rains every day or night. Our streets are something alarming anywhere off the metal, and our roads are something never to be forgotten. In some cases, where they can at all travel, it is next to impossible to tell the colour of the beast; they invariably assume the colour of that part of the road on which they are then travelling. Farming operations are almost entirely suspended. Run-fed stock are very miserable and poor, and I fear very many of them will drop this month, now we have such a luxuriant spring, and there being no old grass to counteract its operations. NEPEAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSO- CIATION.— A musical and literary entertainment, to celebrate the first anniversary of the above, was held in the Temperance Hall on Thursday evening. The hall, which is said to accommodate about 250, was comfortably filled. The chair was taken by the president, Rev E D Madgwick, who then delivered an address, after which was sung by the whole company, "Land of the Sunny South, all Hail!" with great spirit and pathos. I cannot follow through the whole programme, which was a lengthy one, but, with the permis- sion of the lady and gentlemen amateurs, will present you with most of the leading topics and performers. Duets were very effectively rendered by the Misses Barnetts, Miss Robbins, and the Misses Upton; songs by Messrs Callow, Cadden, Randall, and Campbell, and piano solo, by Miss Doyle. Recitations were given by Dr Bond, (as King Canute, and his courtiers), Mr Rowan (as the Man who has seen Better Days), and Mr Smeaton (Rienzie's address to the Romans). Messrs A Judge andH Neale gave one also, the title of which I did not catch. The first two were something grand. The court and ghost scenes I don't much admire. It may be l am somewhat nervous. A trio was then very ably rendered by Messrs Campbell, Callow, and Cadden. A very enjoyable evening was brought to a close by singing "God Save the Queen." The following is the address delivered by the Rev E D Madgwick:— LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— "In the name of the Nepean Mutual Im- provement Association I extend to you a hearty greeting on the occasion of the cele- bration of this the first anniversary of its co-operate existence. Haying survived one complete year, and disappointed the expectations and falsified the predictions of a few persons who thought we would have expired long before we reached this auspicious period, we have invited you to come together to witness and to hear the proceedings of this evening, the rendering of harmonious and melodious sounds by local lovers of song and such a display of elocutionary power and taste by mem- bers of the association as they are able to pre- sent. The objects which we have in view in providing this feast of reason and flow of soul are to afford the public a pleasant evening's recreation, to stimulate a healthy desire for the delights and rewards of mental study, and to obtain the means of purchasing the nucleus of a library for the use and improvement of members of the association. We humbly trust that the intellectual treat which we now offer to you will prove to be a quid pro quo for the honour which you have done us in assembling in response to our invitation. "Having said so much about the objects of the present celebration, I am sure it will not be deemed out of place if I now offer as brief an exposition as I can frame of the origin and progress, the nature and purposes of this association. "Its origin can soon be explained. A little more than twelve months ago a few young men requested the president of the Association to call a meeting of those persons who were favourable to the commencement of a society for the mental improvement of young men. Such a meeting was held, but it was deemed desirable to make the foundations of the proposed society broader, and more liberal, than was first contemplated, and accordingly the movement was taken to neutral ground, and the society was dubbed "The Nepean Mutual lmprovement Association.'' I hope I shall be forgiven for having the temerity to express my purely personal opinion upon the course of action I have just described, when I say nothing could be more liberal, and cosmopolitan, and it does credit equally to the hearts and the heads of all who were concerned in the transaction. "The progress of the association has not been so uniform and steady as could be desired by its best friends. At its commencement a large number of young men, and old ones too, joined its ranks with an eagerness and zeal which presaged for it an illustrious career, and compelled one to think that the people of this town and district had only been waiting for such an opportunity as was then presented to give to their intellectual aspirations — a lot of mute inglorious Miltons whose mental geniuses had been cruelly imprisoned by a relentless necessity. The day of intellectual liberty had dawned, and they ran to hail its coming with loud acclamations. But when the blush of the aurora had gone and the novelty of the movement subsided, those who joined from unelevated motives fell into the rear and were lost sight of by their more faithful and persevering comrades, and the work was carried on with the equa- bility which is consistent with the superiority of thinking men. The minnowing machine had been applied and blown away the chaff, and left the grain behind. "We are not yet perfect, but we are going on unto perfection, and we hope the day of small and feeble things will not be despised by you. Have patience with us and we may yet turn out some worthy specimens of workmanship. The most delicate pieces of sculpture which came from the hands of Phidias or Michael Angelo were once rough masses of stone, before the workman's chisel indicated its shadowy form or the artist imparted those finishing touches which caused them to burst into things of life and almost breathe and speak. The diamond in its natural state is rough and dull, and requires to be cut by the skilled lapidary before it emits its crystaline beauties. So we hope that as our work proceeds we shall attain that degree of perfection which transforms the uncultured material of the mind into those intellectual and moral proportions which have been the admiration and the praise of great and good men in all ages. The steps which lead to this desirable consummation we know to be slow, but as they who of old would enter the temple of honour had to pass through the temple of virtue, so we who would attain the rewards and pleasures of mental culture, are willing to go through the mean and tardy drudgery of work. "In alluding to the constitution of this association I beg to speak with no equivocal voice, and hope to be heard so as not to be misunderstood. The constitution is so broad and unsec- tarian that persons of all classes and creeds, how- ever widely they may differ from one another in their convictions and sympathies, can be admitted into the sacred precincts of this association. I am not unaware that some of our fellow- citizens have been labouring under the misapprehension that the association is sectarian because it happens to be presided over by a minister of religion. I hold that every man has a right to his own opinion, and should be allowed to have the most unrestrained liberty of expressing it, and, therefore, I can find no fault with any one exercising it in this particular case. But I also have similar rights, and I will say without fear of being successfully refuted, that the fact that a minister of religion presides over this association does not prove that the association is sectarian. Its constitution proves the very opposite. Its rule give its members the power of electing any one of their own number as their president, and that officer may not necessarily be a minister, nor may he necessarily be a layman. It is an accident that may happen to any one else, that its president for the time bring is a minister. A minister is not necessarily eligible for the presidency on account of his vocation, and I hope that the association will never become so narrow-minded as to exclude a minister from that office for the same reason. But in addition to this reasoning we have the fact, that both of the vice-presidents are members of the church of England. The secretary is a Congregationalist, and among the body of the members we find Presbyterians and Wesleyans et hoc genus omne. I think there are no Roman Catholics among us, but there is nothing in our constitution to keep them out, and if they wish to come in I can assure them they will be treated with respect. The great object at which the association aims, is the encouragement of local talent. All the work which has been done has been done by members of the association, residing in the town and district. It will ultimately prove to be an unquestionable advantage to this community to have this society living and acting in its midst. Here a love for knowledge is fostered. Here the productions of those master-minds which have enriched the English literature beyond any other literature in the world, receive careful and affectionate study — especially our immortal bard — the incomparable, the ubiquitous Shakespeare. These studies must inevitably produce benefits beyond the value of gold or any material things to any community in the midst of which they are pur- sued. Here the first principles of the art of public speaking are learnt in the debates which are regularly held, and in the delivery of select passages from our poetic or prose writers, and that art has always been held in high respect by the thoughtful who perceive the good that can be affected by its culture and practice. Associations for these objects have been tried elsewhere, and the result has been that our halls of legislature, our courts of law, and our churches have resounded with the eloquence of men who owed their initiation into these sub- lime mysteries to such instrumentalities. And who will say that this association has existed in vain if some of the young men connected with it, being inspired with a noble ambition by its instrumentality, enter upon a career of study and usefullness, which may culminate in their reaching some of the niches of fame. Then their fellow citizens will be proud of them and feel a little pardonable pride as they say 'This or that man was born here,' and was a member of the Nepean Mutual Improvement As- sociation." _________________________________________________ DROWNED OUT.— During the first part of the week the rain beat into the Council Clerk's office to such an extent that that official found it necessary to move his books and papers into the Council Chamber in order to prevent them being damaged by the water. If the clerk of the weather could only be induced to give a few of the aldermen a good drenching during some of their lofty flights of eloquence on accepting tenders for a few hundred tons of blue metal, the erection of a few additional street lamps, or one or two other matters which come before the Council at every regular meeting, many thanks would be returned him by those who are compelled to listen to a repetition of the same arguments meeting after meeting. PARK SEATS. — Viewing the large number of ladies and gentleman who visit the back domain on Saturday afternoons to view the sports and pastimes, it would be well if the Park trustees could have a few additional seats erected. For the few that are already there, the public are mainly indebted to the Rev G F Macarthur. FRUITGROWERS' PICNIC. — It will be seen by our advertising columns that the annual picnic of the fruitgrowers is to be a grand affair this year. Three commodious steamers have been engaged, and no pains are to be spared to achieve a grand success. It is to take place on 1st October. ABSTRACT OF AUCTION SALES. — A H Ferris on Saturday at Hack's Hotel, gene- ral merchandise and produce; Mills and Pile on Tuesday at Rooms, Parramatta, two cottages. 