CATHOLIC EDrCATIOX. X<>. IT. A P<ixtnrnl Lrffrr/o fhr (fitr<j>/ nn<f foifi/ of fftt Arehd.inrrst of S;/rhtt;i. I>!l I loan- linlrf Art/), hi-fho// of .y/'/V-// and Mi tro/iohfnj). Rcm.ki; ]'»i-:dk, bv the Craee of (foil and the Fa Vi me of the Apostolic Sec, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful of the said Archdiocese. Health and Benediction in the Lord. Revkkkx-D and Df.m; Buktukkn*, ani> Dkak Cjiii.iikicx in Jesus Ciiuist,— Tiroi'nir the Catholic Church is by far the most formidable opponent of tlie great apostasy, still she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, are compelled, in self- preservation, to set themselves against it ; nor does it follow, from their being at one in this, tiiat they arc mutual friends : because two men, for their own private reasons, hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love each other. Those who profess the Catholic faith ami those who protest against that faith can, for causes known to themselves, ami those causes may he radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. 'Thus, i tiie Catholic Church and the English nation, whilst conflicting with each other, are eom I polled, by force of principle, to resist the ad I vancos of the great apostasy. The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is still in many ways profoundly Christian. Cor well nigh 1000 years England lay steeped, as in a bath of supernatural light, in the strong Christianity of the Catholic Church, and the benign influence of the Anglo-Saxon monarchy, of that most touching period of England’s his tory, still exerts a certain sw ay over the people's conscience. It took possession of and moulded the national sentiment; and at the death of King St. Edward’s death, those laws, customs, and traditions which still give evidence of their influence had stamped an especial character on the national heart. The live centuries of Norman English rule consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period, and the Catholic Church expanded in power as she did in orgaui I sation, ami became part and parcel, not only of the law, hut of the Mood and heart of England. 11 or venerable sees, her renowned universities, her great monastic orders, her schools and mu nificent charities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written on many an illuminated page, her saints and mar tyrs, her kings and queens, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on the popu lar imagination—how could England, living for well-nigh 1000 years in such a thrall as this, help being permanently affected in her national character V Down to the Kith century, we may fairly say that the land had been living the life of the Catholic Church, as it has Jormed some of the most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, while the Church’s authority lias been rejected, many of her broad funda mental teachings have remaine 1. Look at the England of to-day, and say whether or no you do not perceive in sonic of the main outlines of her character deep, indeli ble tokens of past influences '! \\\ hat do wo sec'.' First, a national church, with the old cathedrals and old sees, and the village churches, all proclaiming their origin in every stone of them ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with the prayer-book and the ritual breathing, if they breathe any breath at all, a breath redolent of ancient days ; then there are the old universities of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life, and pregnant, in form and temper, with a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like per fection. 'The surface of tilings is changed, hut in the depths, sleeping, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protects the Christianity of England. There is much of the antique spirit in tlie high nobility—the honour, self-respect, truthfulness, hi meaty, and g merosity of a chi valrous age. The people are, as a body, charit able, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in their perseverance. They love order and law ; they arc honourable in their commercial transac tions ; they are the most domestic people in the world, and' possess many beautiful natural vir tues, which arc elevated and relined through those traditionary principles which, as a salt, keep tin; nation sound at heart, and help to maintain it vigorously f-iinstian. Added to these virtues, there is their deep love and rever ence for the Word of Cod. by its means Dm idea of the supernatural is kept ip>m living out, and the thought of the Almighty, 11is I’rovi (L'liee, Christ's Atonement, Ill's mercy, love, and grace become as a precious heritage amongst the people. Therf' the great moral virtues are found illustrated and enforced; and so deeply is the lilble treasured that it is looked upon by the masses as being as essential an clement m the nations greatness as the majesty of the of the throne itself to its stability. Thus, the English people arc profoundly im pressed with tiie conviction that the nation's greatness and prestige spring from the principle of Christianity : that its soundness of heart, its enterprise, sand its successes on a large scale, are due in the ultimate analysis to the fact that the broad foundations of the Empire are set in the maxims of the Co-pel. and the principles dictated by the Inspired \\\ ord. Almost as a consequence of this, the two leading traits of the national character a re honesty and thorough ness ; and what Englishmen prize most for themselves and others is civil and religious liberty. Look at the. condition of England at the pre sent hour. Unity of Faith is gone. ^ Its place is taken by lot) dillerent sects. The nation must accept this state of things. Is it accord ing to the national spirit to invent a .scheme for fusing all these religions into one '.' Smdi an idea is abhor cut to the national feeling. It has notliino about it either of honesty or thorough ness ; it is more in conformity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trilling with Divine things and with (loti himself, from which an earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils. Englishmen being thorough themselves, like others to be thorough also. They inlmitely pre fer an out-spoken fearless enemy to one that cringes. Though they may detest a man’s creed or method, they still more detect, they loathe cowardice in him who has not courage to express or to maintain what in his heart he thinks to be the truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English society at home. In thorough English Protestant Society the way to gain influence and respect is to lie thorough also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both socie ties—in Catholic and l’rotestant—is able to give incontestable evidence upon this point, lie, an Englishman, for half of his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his “ M iseellanies” (Vol. I., p. (>•>-(>.), writes as follows : “ English society, with all its vices,” he says, “does after all represent the English character. There is something downright manly ami decided in it; audit respects the same, that is, its own qualities, in others as much as it despises and ridicules all servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright masculine and decided Catholics— more Roman than Rome, mure Ultramontane than the Pope himself -may enter English society and he treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self-respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is thisboldnesswhichinspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by every body worthy of the name of .Englishman. No greater blunder could be committed than to try to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame, diluted, timid or worldly Catholicism.” Now how does this bear upon < 'atlmlio Educa tion? It bears upon it in the divoctest. manner. For, if Englishmen love nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even in the holding of a creed winch they think a grand mistake, they will beeonsistciit, and will love honesty and thoroughness in education. They will hold that, if there must be diversity' of creed, at all events there should he thoroughness and honesty it) the holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them is a potent element in national strength. It a man l,e true, to his Cod, there is a chance of his being true to his country. Rut lie who won hi barter away his religion, or treat, it lightly', would turn out a poor creature in the day' of a nation's trial. Hence, though In' condemns Catholicity, an Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic anyr more than he has in a timid soldier. He says, in e. fleet, “Let the nation he brought up honest and thorough, and then we staml a chance of holding our own, and maintaining the prestige of the Empire. Let the ymwg. who will take our places when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever croud, have equal chance in the race, ami, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all be equally assisted in the Pitting of the mind for life's bat tle when it comes. What is the consequence of this master- prin ciple which energises so strongly in a nation’s life ? It is this : That even that creed which the nation has rejected for f!0(> years receives equal treatment with the established creed in the scheme, of nat ional education tor the people. England knows well that a had Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps towards the national glory. There are no pampered “ Public schools" sot up for the benefit of a fraction of the people. Catholic schools and Protestant are. mi an equal footing with V Public school.-,'’ in Croat Rritain. All are. treated exactly alike on the principle of pay ment by result:-'. Take the report, of ('atholic schools in England, AN'airs, and Scotland for the year that has passed. In the. year ending MUt August, 1S7S, there were actually inspected in England and A\ ales ICatholic institutions containing in them J17*2 departments, in which separate teachers are employed--that is 2f)0 of boys, PH of girls, gut; of infants. HiO mixed. I'hvrr was an aver age attendance in tin-so schools of 1 db.dOd, Com prising t)o,-.>n hoys, b.’l.On!) ei t‘ls, divided as to their teaeliiii-' into i?7,-1 —7 boys, m- mixed under masters ; (id. I'Jd rdrls. or mixed, under mis tresses : and Mb. 1A(> infants under mistresses. The total of childn-n on the School register, 1P1 ,:’,n : the number attending half-time, intoum. paid t,. •v erant was I'd. t..r lb, 101. The net Parliament a rate of gi tendance oi 1 os. 1 - same lame b> t.lm ( ' was Ids O'.d. : to Wo Rritish schools. ] os. ( Ids. Id. a scholar. •h sell . Tin Ryan M. ;to i the schools out of ).7n,> (is. (id., giving ■ lar in average at grant during the if England schools -rools/ Ids. 7:jd.; to scle • i(board sclii H ils. t tin ( Hth chools of the Par t fell under seven heads : the .;e attendance, under which . wm claimed : the second for amounting to £15,716 s for examination in stend gsg.ild 1 ’2slid. : the fourth for sscs, amounting to 1'12,don Tim claim liamciitnry - first for a\ L'.“7. HO I Id the a ttenda n tvs. (id. ; tim third ards amountiiea to examination in ela. 7s. 7d. : the fifth for t •.animation in s] subjects, amounting ISs ; the sixth special grunts to small schools, f infant prised amounted to €2.5 (is. .SiI. ; tins .seventh was the grant to [illpi!-toadlot s of IjOs. to those who ohtained the mark of Well, an.I of 40s. to those who obtained the mark of Fairly. The Covcrnment grant to < 'atholie training colleges fill- tile year ending .‘51st I (ecember, 18/8, were* as lollows : to St. Alarys Ham mersinitJi, £17158 12s. (id. together with €2b 10s., received from Science and Art Depart ment, total, T’]/(io 2s. (id., the students in resi lience being TO ; To the Training College of Notre Dame, Mmint 1 Teasant, Liverpool, £201:5, together with Tin2 Ironi the Art grant, total .£200.), the students m residence being 114; to the Training College of the Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, €lf>(>7 i/s. 10.1, the students in residence being ”>0. Catholic night schools received a grant for the year ending hist August, 1878, of £1048 Is. (id., being a rate pel* scholar in average at tendance of 8s. (i! d. 1 he whole grant tor ('atholie schools in Fng land and Wales m the year ending.list Decem ber, LS7S, w as .€ 10!).4!f> !)s. !),1. The grant to Catholic schools in Scotland for the same period was £ 1 if .'570 8s. 7d. The rate ol grant for Scotland per scholar in average at tendance was, in ('atholie schools, 14s. (iyd. ; in Church of Scotland schools, 10s. 1 ltd. ; m free Church schools, 1 (is. ">d ; in Episcopal Church schools, J4s. 7jd. ; in Public schools, Ids. 10fd. If wc add together the whole grant to Catho lic elementary schools and training colleges in England and Wales, which amounts to £1011,411”) Os. Od., and that to schools in Scotland, which amounts to €10..‘570 8s. 7d., we obtain a collec tive grant for Croat llrifain, in the year 1878, of £ 128,80,”) hSs. 4(1. W as it out of Imc or tenderness to Catholi city as such, that the groat statesmen of Eng land I rained such a system as this ’! and w as it because they loved (lie Pope that the English people accepted it? .All who have any know ledge of the national spirit an* wadi aware that, had there not been some profound reason con nected with tile national prosperity, the Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, ora .system would have been set on foot to weaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic life out of the people. The creeds we ld have had to send their chil dren to schools without religion, or so arrange that no decent man. with self- respect, could teach religion in them. The creed-schools would he treated with disfavour by the (lovorn mentor their (Mlieials ; the State Schools would he as palaces through the land, with the best masters and appointments ; whilst those schools where tin.; love and fear of Cod, and the great directive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on the principle of the decay of the weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would lie reared up willi less and less religion, and mere and mere of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever taught, a lesson, flu: sure presage of moral ■oireininaey and national decay. Far-seeing English statesmen, possessing the characteristic ol the ra.ee, resisted this spirit of national apostacy, and respecting, as gentlemen do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest, gave fair play to all, and conciliated the love and ailed iini of England's ('atholie subjects. Thus the nation will eontiinu; to hold her own in the broad contests of international life; her nerve Sind sinew s w ill he tough, her heart sound ; and the principles of lu r imperial sway will still he found in the depth ef a. Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of statesman ship, maintains a system of education based on a principle that would satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Church. In resisting “Secular ist Education,” wc arc, in reality, resisting a principle of national overthrow ; and by main taining our rights as < 'atholies wc are doing un told service to the State. Here, interests are identical. Ib-rc, whilst wc arc holding, or struggling, for our ow n, wc are laying lines of future prosperity. We are tlio true friends of the people and of the country, for wc found our ■own honour and great ness on our conscientious convictions regarding morality and faith ; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know them not, these great princi ples of of religious liberty, religious thorough ness, and religious honesty, on which imperial Fngland's greatness mainly rests. Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in conscience, send our children to 18 1 ’ublie Schools.'’ Wo are hound in duty to bring them up thorough ('atholies, net thorough 1’rot.estaiits, however exemplary 1’rotestants may be. This is no cry started tor a purpose. The whole ('atholie world knows, and all intelligent Protestants know, that (.atholies who have any thorough ness in them cannot bring themselves to jeo pardize the. future ( 'atliolicity of their children by sending them to Public schools. 'Pile Angli can llishop of .Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recognizes the full force of the ('huroh’s teaching on this subject. He.says: “ The Homan Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the , freest Governments in the world have granted to them, in Prussia, in Hadcn, in our own colony of ( anada, ami wherever Homan Catholics and Protestants art; largely intermingled in the population, the Covernment have recognized lli'il !Ik- jii-rnliitr itjiiH/oit.s oj Jloiumi Cul/iolirs /mr<‘ untile si■j,nr<(/r sc/idg/s fur f/u-m iHrissnrij. The ! concession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it w ill sooner or later lie w rung from our political necessities.” (See Melbourne Anjns, Octobers, 1878.) J (early beloved, w e have the strongest faith ; in the sense ot fair play in the minds of our i lell. >w-colonists. \\\ e are convinced that, when I they really grasp our ease, they w ill be ready to | give us all we ask. Me merely beseech those j c-.nccrncil so to arrange that a large section of j the e.oiuumnity, the Human Catholics, some say I one-third of tin; population, may give their chil dren a thorough, lmnest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Govern ment inspectors, equal assistance with those who are satisfied with public schools. | 1 hererore, my beloved brethren, be stead ! fast and immovable; always abounding in the I work ot the Lord, knowing that vour labour is ! not vain in the Lord." 1 (.'or. chap. xv. 58.) ! I'or the rest, brethren, rejoice, lie perfect, I take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace ; | and the God ot pence and of love shall be with .you.The grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ, mid the charity of God, and the commu nication ot the Holy Ghost lie with you all. Amen. ' (2 ('or. chap. xiii. 11, 18.) Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, August 24, 1879. Archbishop of T liooEi; Be i>j Sydney and Metropolitan. 