POPERY IN THE ENGLISH CHURCH. jHow the Ritualists' aro inserting: their Popery . into theChurchiot England in (Baltimore. VU..S... ;/. The Confessionat, on-tiie Sly. ;;i!.' : - /. i j Something' to ' stir the blood' of Episcopalians - , - You have recently laid before your readers h some of ; tho undisguised Romanism taught" by Me' "'Fathers 'of the Order of- St. John '-'-'during/ their reeerit riiualistio " mission "/ iiiRaltimore.- - - :Tho testimony of four rectors of Evangelical - 1 /Episcopai'churches'to this bold and bald'atteinpt / ' to teach -Popery in' congregations of their - own-"- ' 'denomination was sufliciently eonolusivo. But - -i i what .' was/ said from the- pulpit and chancel was; not all. //The 1" Fathers " : didinob ooriaider their. - work complete 'unless1 more' defimte>in'strnutionB..' i .were /given' for i carrying: them iiito -practice. ; Hence -they distributed a small manual entitled, V.!/- "'A'Help 'to Repentance, " which is in: reality, however, -a '-'Help" for the confessional; .-- -r ; Although these little' mischief-makers were given covertly,' and with tb'o understanding that t h oy .were ' n 0 1 to be shown, one of them has fallen :iuto ; my hauds, ' and I will give you a sample'of the kind of teachings these' " Fathers " have been giving to attendants upon /the Pro- ' ' tcstant Episcopal Church. After ; asking / the - 'question, "Are sins after baptishi never: par-' doned?" and speaking of the necessity, of repentance and in order to this self- examination, . the Ten Commandments are taken as a standard- for this duty, and a. synopsis of the requirement //i .of each commandment follows. Then comes a ; prayer "of repentance and a: recital -of the 51st Psalm and confession to God. " But if your repentance is deep and earnost," says the manual, " you. will probably feel that this , confession insufficient ; .you will long for some act of self-abasement and humiliation by which you may testify your willingness to bear the. punishment for yonr sins ; you will wish to receive a: more direct nssuranoo from G.od that they, are put away, and perhaps you may wish - for advice how to struggle against them for, the ; future. All. this you can obtain, through the ministry ,of the Church. The priests of the Church have power to absolve you in the name of the Holy Trinity. Just as Holy Baptism : gives remission of sins committed/ previously, so Absolution gives remission,- of sins after Baptism. Seek, therefore, the application of Christ's cleansing blood to; your soul in/His own appointed way. Go to one of Hia priests and confess to bitri your sins; lay all before him as you have laid them before God. , Do not shrink from the humiliation ; -accept it- cheerfully as part of the punishment of the past. Remember, too, that you go to tho priest as a representative and ambassador of God, not simply as a friend. '' Do not be afraid that he would think badly of you if you told him your sins ; he has too many sins of his own to repent of to allow him. to look too severely upon yours, and what God has forgiven it is not for him to remember. Neither need you fear that he will over speak to others of what you'told him ; he is bound by a law of the Church never to reveal any thibg told him in confession." The manual furtlier says : " Go into the church or vestry at the appoint ed time, and when the priest is ready to hear you, kneel down ; he will then give you his blessing and bid you commence your confession'. Do nob be content with confessing gene rally "what kind of sins you have committed, but state/ as far as you can remember, each act of sin ; you need not mention the details of it; but if there are any circumstances that increase the guilt, state thera. If you have any difficulty how to speak of any sin, tell the priest so, arid he will help you ; do not be afraid of saying all tliat you have done ; he has probably heard of much worse sins than yours. Bo sure to confess all." Then follows the form with which to com mence confession, " I confess to God the Father Almighty, to His only begotton Son Jesus Christ, and to God the Holy Ghost, before the whole company of. heaven, and to you my J either," &c.; After confession the Instructions go on to say ; " The priest will then give you advice about your sins, and will perhaps ask you some questions to help you more -fully to explain their nature. He will then Bhow you how to make satisfaction for your sins; this . is. a necessary part of true repentance." The con fession' being /finished, the "priest' will then . pronounce over you the form of Absolution, which you will find in the Prayer-book (English), in the Order for the "Visitation of the Sick.: Bow your head meekly to receive it ; remember that he speaks it but in the name of God, whose ambassador he is. You are clean now those sins which troubled you and made you dread to think of meeting God, are gone." /The pardoned penitent is: then charged " not to talk about what the priest has said, "/and to "be very careful about this." / ' / i Now what do Protestant Episcopalians think of such instructions being put into the hands of attendants on the Episcopal Church ? : I can tell you - what an unsophisticated and impartial reader thought of it. I had laid the copy of the little manual, which had : been loaned mo, and : from which I have copied, oii the inantelpieco of my library. Tho lady of tho house, being . accustomed to put good reading into tho hands of our household, seeing this little hook, and naturally : thinking " A Help to Repentance " would be profitable to read, handed it to one of our domestics to read last Sunday. afternoon. The girl, who is a good Protestant, came back to the lady after awhile, saying she didn't like that thing, that it was a Roman Catholic' tract. I. think we will agree that she wasn't.far wrong. —New York Observer. - ; - 