VICTORIA. It is stated that fully £10,000 of Stawell money will be invested in the Colac country in the search for coal. A small co-operative company hasbeen prospecting for gold at Dog-trap Creek, near Stawell, with favourable results. A very old colonist, Mrs. Tobin, died at Sale on Saturday, aged 104. She had resided in Sale for the past twenty-five years. European composers, it seems, have had their attention drawn to the forthcoming International Exhibitions, as Charles D'Albert has sent out by the last mail sets of quadrilles and waltzes, which both bear the title of "Sydney Exhibition." The Geelong Advertiser boasts that it is one of the oldest papers in the colony, and the Ballarat Star thinks there can be no doubt of it, seeing the opinions it expresses. The Government have appointed a board, consisting of Messrs. F. L. Smyth, F. C. Mason, and B. G. Davies, M.L.A.'s, and Captain Payne, to enquire into and report on the fish supply and trade of Melbourne. That the dulness of things is not confined to any section of the community is shown by the straits to which warebcuao proprietors and heads of other large establishments are put to. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser says he has heard of a bank manager, in answer to an application for employment, mentioning that there were already six or seven more clerks in the institution than were really required to do the work, whilst the proprietor of an extensive hardware warehouse has been for some time compelled to dispense at regular intervals with the services of one or two hands. Aged "44. U." tt"nn "-."""".I !?" (?"!." nl."" A running water has been unused LU mw purse between Messrs. J. Martin, of Geelong, and Allsop, of Melbourne The distances to be run are 100 yards, 150 yards, and 440 yards, the stakes being £50 a-side. In all probability the match will take place in Melbourne in six weeks' time. The Government have decided not to re-impose the duty on redgum, the Act authorising the collection of which will expire in August. The operation of the Act has been suspended for sometime in order that the Minister of Lands might have an opportunity of framing regulations for the conserva- tion of State forests, and that object has been successfully accomplished. With regard to the Colonial Museum, the Age says that a reply has been telegraphed to the promoters in London to the effect that as Victoria is already spending a large sum of money in preparing for the International Exhibition of 1880, the Government does not think it advisable at present to enter into any arrangements for contributing the amount of money required for the proposed Colonial Museum. The City Council have decided to address a letter of condolence to the ex- Empress Eugenie on the death of her son, the Prince Imperial, while fighting under the British flag in South Africa, There is a falling-off in the yield of gold in the Sandhurst district, The Bendigo Independent says that from all sources (public and private com- panies) 74 303oz. have been sent in during the half year, out of which £72,251 have been declared in dividends, against £32,560 made in calls. Hence there has been a balance to profit of £10,198. A further sum in dividends has been declared by private parties, but we have no means of ascertain- ing the amount. However, from £5,000 to £7,000 may be put down as an approximation to the total of these private dividends. It would seem that the palmy days of gold finding are to be revived in Kyneton (says the Guardian) and that this hitherto neglected field may yet rival some of the older ones. On Friday morning a Frenchman known as Louis and his mate, were walks ing to the mining claim upon the Pemberly Estate, when one of them saw a speck of gold on the ground over which he was walking. Upon closer inspection by both they found several additional specks of gold embedded in a loose quartz boulder. This was speedily unearthed and broken up, the contents put in a pocket handkerchief, taken home, and cleaned, and upon breaking it, it was found to be studded all over with coarse gold. The whole was taken to the Bank of Victoria, and weighed, when the scale was turned at something over 10oz and it is estimated that when burned and cleaned the yield will be at least 100 oz of pure gold Not a bad morning's work. It has already been stated that Dr, M'Crea, the Government Medical officer, had been superannuated at his own request. His retirement takes effect from the present date (says Monday's Age), and the Chief Secretary has arranged that the duties of the office, which consist solely in attending to sick inmates of the gaol, and examining candidates for appointments in the public service, shall be discharged temporarily by Dr. Shields. No permanent arrangement will be made at present, as it is thought probable that the necessity for appointing a successor to Dr. McCrea may be obviated and a considerable saving effected. An up-country journal has stated that the Government, with a view of increasing the revenue, propose to extend the operation of the Land Tax Act so as to include a numerous class of small landowners whose property is not at present liable to taxation, The Ministerial organ states that this assertion is entirely without foundation. A bill is to be introduced during the ensuing session of Parliament for the amendment of the Land Tax, Act, but no such change as that indicated by the newspaper in question is likely to be proposed, or has over been thought of. Mr. Matthew Burnett, the Yorkshire Evangelist, received a very hearty welcome in Ballarat on Sunday, after a long absence. He took a leading part in the Town Mission annual services at the Academy of Music. The Ballarat correspondent of the Age writes : "The Ghost," in the person of Mr. D'Arcy Road, was in court on Monday morning, on a charge of assaulting a railway official at the Ballarat terminus. The case arose out of a dispute between Mr. Read and the railway porter as to excess luggage. The department views as to the price to be paid and those of Mr. Road did not agree, and some words ensued, then Some shoYÍnS about" followed, and the "ghost" appears to have been the better man of the two. The bench, taking everything into consideration, were of opinion that Mr. Road had not been too courteously treated by the railway porter in question, and dismissed the case. A kiss is sometimes expensive The Argus reports that on Saturday night, an apparently respectable young man, named John Atkinson, put his arm round the neck of a young lady at the Flinders street station, and deliberately kissed her. Constable Flannery witnessed the assault, and promptly arrested the offender, who, on being brought before the City Bench was fined 40s., or in default seven days' imprisonment, for insulting behaviour. A sorrowful instance of a man being driven to crime by starvation came under the notice of the City Bench on Monday. Francis Sharp, a comparatively young managers charged with stealing three pieces of firewood valued at about sixpence. The constable, who, in the execution of his duty, could not do otherwise than arrest him, stated that the prisoner's wife was dying of consumption, and that there was absolutely nothing in their wretched home. The prisoner himself was paralysed, and unable to do any arduous work, nor had he been able to obtain any employment for some weeks past. It appeared that he had taken, the wood in order to make a little fire to comfort his wife for a short time at least. No one appeared to prosecute him for taking the fuel, and the bench when discharging him (says the Argus) evinced their sympathy with his sad surroundings by ordering him to receive some slight relief from the poor-box. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes -"The meetings of the Cabinet during the past week have been of the very liveliest kind, over the Reform question, Mr. Berry, it seems, stands out for the nominee system, and is backed up by the Major, but only the Major, the rest of the Cabinet standing out for the old bill. Mr. Berry, I understand, would be prepared to with- stand his colleagues on the matter were it only his colleagues, but he is polite enough to know that bewillrequire to get the co- operation of the Mines Mai press, M4 this he knows it hopeless, to I suppose we will see that the Governor's address will contain some modified form of the measure submitted by the Government last session. Mr. Berry, personally, I understand, is inclined to go in for a moderate measure of reform, and is also desirous of adapting his proposals to what he knows there is some chance of the Imperial Government considering favourably, but there seems little prospect of his being able to persuade his party to his views at present." Energetic steps are being taken in Sandhurst to collect a good round sum aid of the Cornish Relief Fund. Besides the £150 collected on the first night of meeting, a general collection has been organised, and an entertainment is to be given in the Academy of Music. According to a correspondent of the Telegraph the Ministry are by no means hilarious in private over their present position and future prospects, however good a face they may put on for public occasions. The want of money in the public chest, the awkward apparition of crowds of men crying for labour and food, the loss of the Fitzroy seat, the farmers' outcry, and the moral failure of the much vaunted embassy, have made up an ensemble of dark difficulties which make some of the members of the Cabinet admit that they have about got to the end of the repo. _ 