A GErcULTUEE. its present condition and pro«pprtn in Queensland, is a subject which public speakers and the Press have been airing mnch opinion during ' the last four week.. - In the first place, ' Ilia Excellency the Governor, at Higb ? field., haa advocated the formation of ? agricultural schools for the purpose of educating young bulcolics in the first ' principles of agriculture and chemistry. The Minister for Lands endorsed the : farming sentiments of Sir Arthur. Then we have been treated to an agri cultural lecture by the honourable member for the Logan, Mr.. Angus Mackay — a gentleman of the third and fourth estates, whom, we must say, has beeu getting rid of much theory upon ? the subject since his return from Phils \- ? delphia and the Philadelphians. The ? above persons were all very hopeful as ' regards the future prospects of agricul-. ? tore in this colony, but just when the . farmers were thinking of the glorious c crops resulting from rich lands, agricul tural education, cheap selections, easy f transit of produce .to market, Govern jtnent dams, irrigation and drainage, the Toownomba Chronicle publishes au article -Ufull of woe and lamentation respecting e-tlje prospects of farming, and throwing ^??certain doubts upon the crops of the future. In digesting the said article we gfind no true cause of danger to the ' .farmer or bis mode of living. The . ^reasons adduced wero not born yester Qday, but eten since Separation, in fact the i Bpresent condition of tlio colonial farmer i . is not worse than it was before. It is I the old story: they all will grow maize, :i Sjeirry a few pounds of butter to town. shd, for want pl'i a proper market, they put all the eggs, into one basket. There is a- little touch of protection about the Chronicle, and we think the writer of the article in question has not travelled much outside' iof the groves, orchards and vineyards! of the city of the plains. The closer sitidy of agriculture is a theme which Sir Arthur Kennedy hss at heart: — 'He was sure that many farmers had. had no training for their calling— (heaf)f— and he believed it would cost very little, and he a great advantage to | such a district as that, if they had some jperson — a really compe tent agricultural instructor — to attend to such gatherings as that, and impart instructions in I agriculture. The- farm ers would -not ! be too proud to learn— (hear, hear)-j-on many matters which at. present pestered them — the rust in wheat (Or sugar) for example. He believed it was' to s great extent, preven tive, but cou'd' not learn that any ade quate measures had been taken to get rid of it. If. | would be only a small expense ; theyj had their' own represen tative, -and if! they wanted such, a simple thing as this,' I it would be their own fynlt if they jdid not get it.' . 'Mr. Perkins .repeated his Warwick utter ances upon the subject:— 'His Excel lency,' he said/'who was always leading the van in progr. ss, had suggested the appointment jo'f an agricultural tencber, and he (Mr. I Perkins) fully endorsed the suggestion^ He might tell them, in anticipation, that he had taken steps to secure .Mr. McTvor's most useful and comprehensive! lectures from Melbourne for the purpose of spreading informa tion amongst | the farmers of Queens land, and as soon as he received them, he should have them printed in pam phlet form .for the purpose. If the people at home were only surrounded by onp-tenth 1 of the wealth of Queens latidcrs, thev [would never he dry and hungry. Here there waa a superabund ance of everything, if the people' only, knew how: to'fuse it; and he trusted that the1 farmers would make themselves better acquainted with the climate,, the ?soil, and the notation of crops.' Judg ing from these remarks, agricultural education is. now nearly a branch of our general school system. . There is so much new-chumness about colonial agriculture that men with means too often leave the plough for something else. Successful farming in Queensland has yet to be discovered. It pays many just now by combining- cultivation - with grazing and pig feeding. The nature of. local soils, climate and temperature; the sowing and planting of suitable and pro fitable crops, and possessing the secret of knowing Iwhere to grow healthy cereals and root, crops, and whore not, are things that must be kept in view. Such secrets [belong to the realms of experience, science, and agricultural education. , |,The . struggling colonist might have been a greater producer generally if he had-had a better know ledge of his business while he was battling against nature and fluctuating markets. If a more general idea of the capabili ties of' the soil existed amongst the farming 'population, the colony might have been ? an exporter of produce instead of so [varied an importer. The superior: knowledge of agriculture in this district is a case in point, -and we have no doubt other districts could do the same ; yet some have gone to the wall, and carry . ' all their eggs in one basket.' But the value of Mackay ex ports are undeniable. The true value of colonial agriculture has never yet been appreciated, and we are pleased to see farmers' | |sons about to study the industry with energy and devotion. Mr. Mackay'a lecture to the Eosewood farmers was [j full of thinking matter, was practical in its tone, pregnant with experiences of his native cuuotry, and is well acquainted with the farming system of Canada, the United States, California, the 'West Indies and the colonies. He 'said the Queensland farmer for many years had bad an up- hill fight in compe ting with oppressive land laws and the land monopolist. Agricultural settlement should mean -the half of our colonial progress. The pastoral and mining interests came next. A nomad popula tion is not what is wanted. A farming population is steady, creates thriving districts, opens np roads, increases manu factures, and! it should be assisted and protected ihievery way by the Legisla ture. Good roads to a good port or m i rket is aBi important as rich soil and favourableness of climate. The cost of carriage before-produ.ee reaches the buyer oftentimes absorbs the profits of culti vation. Mr. Mackay says that branch railways, if managed cbehply, should' be sent through prosperous farming dis tricts. But this idea opens up the rail way policy, which is best let alone until the 13th of May. In some districts farm ing might produce great results, if Borne beneficial system of drainage and irriga tion were applied. A water supply is wanted in Buch fertile places like the Bosewood,- where nearly every grain, fruit and vegetable grows in abundance, but where water for cooking purposes h is to be carried for several miles. Tube wells and iron tanks might cure this evil, but they could .not supply emer gency water for horses, cattle, pigs and poultry. The national drainage system of Mr. Maculister, which so pleased the farmers when the ex-Premier was out in the parliamentary cold, has not favoured the land. The drainage question must now be left to shire councils. Fine speeches, lectures and political assum|-- tion are all very well, hut if there is no. reality, truth and concession in the amount of platform 'blow,' how much docs all the fine array of figures, the argumentative speeches and 'apprecia- tive remarks' come to 1 . But Mr. Mac kay's lecture was of the right sort, and we hope he will bo ablo to introduce a substantial 'agricultural reform through out the colony. The complaints about the want of a market for the sale of pro duce when it is ready sue unaccountable, us markets iue self-icgulating. IWe are glad to hear that fanners' produce is- in creasing,. and notwithstanding the land .fit for agriculture in the ! South, produce is sure to be disposed of, even if too much maize is cultivated. Immigration, town industry, and increasing population will enre the produce .'scare' of, the Downs' writer, whose 1 mind is over clouded with the ghost : of Free Trade. If the price of maize is low this season let the farmers use it for making bacon like the American farmers. Indeed, the fol lowing extract stultifies all the pith of the Toowoomba article, but it is truth and what should Is'.. It says: — 'What a farmer can save should be as seriously considered as what he can make, and' we are certain that farmers; lose largeljr by not taking full advantage of their : own resources. 'Besides boots and clothes, they should want to hny very few other personal requirements. We have ; occa- sionally the pleasure of visiting home steads in'this district, at which nearly all the articles of consumption are home produced — hams, bacon, jams, ,eggs, butter, . cheese, flonr,; bread, picl^Us. sauce, vegetables and fruit, and in i s.nch homes the expenditure is trifling,, all saved being really direct gain and income. Tf there were more co-operation among our farmers, more unity and interchange of ideas atid experience; either by means of the Press . or 'Granges', on the American principle, the results would most certainly be beneficial to all.' ! , ? Lord Beaconspield's ? policy I and statesmanship is upon trial, if wei read correctly the latest telegraphic messages from London and the;' East. The Im perial Government has its hands now full of difficult matters . to deal.with, and such Liberal leaders as Mr.; Gladstone^ Mr. Eorster and Sir. William' Hareburt have been doing their level best to take ad vantage of the present governmental position-to oust the Conservatives from office. Such important matters of' State in an hour nf national trial as the Afghan and Zulu wars, the Eastern Question, and now an; Egyptian Ques tion, are not to be left' to the wisdom, patriotism and decision of a political pai;ty, however atrong; especially when that party in power sowed the seeds of barren diplomacy and'was the cause of both a Eusso-Turkish' and an Afghan -war. The .bine books laid before the British Parliament, despite much ad verse criticism, clearly proves this'asser lion to be true. The Treaty of Berlin is not yet a fruitless treaty, Cyprus is not yet a fiasco, the invasion of Afghanistan ; has checkmated Eussian prestige in. ; Central Asia, the general defence 'nf the Empire has become a necessity, and the , .Zulu war, which broke out with sorrow ful disaster to our army. is upon the eve of being brought to a successful issue, and the object of the war accom plished. British generals have found in Cetewayo a bold and skilful commander, and not a useless diplomatist. ; The relief: of Ekowe is niiw being effected. The military operations for thnt[objeet will require to be conducted with: much skill and caution, as it is. reported that there are 35.000 Zulus swarming like bees around Colonel Pearson's entrench ments. The heliographic signalling: from the besieged force must have been incorrectly read by the vanguard of Colonel Law's relieving force. As it is the -entire strength of' the right columii: of invasion is now! besieged by the! main Zulu army at ! Ekowe — a day's: march over the Zulu border from the! mouth' of the Tugela. The fact that; 200 men were disabled and only 500 menf available for defence, and' that Colonel'. Pearson was still able to send out: a body ! of troops to effecta junction, through the Zulu host, with the advancing British troops, is doubtful. If only 500 men; were effective in th? fort, jhere must! have been terrible fighting going on! around the position unknown to the world, .because Colonel Pearson's column! numbered 3G50 men when he first crossed the frontiers, composed aB follows :: — ' The 3rd and 99th Eegim-nts of foot; a company ' of Eoyal Engineers; two 7 pounder guns of the Eoyal Artillery; a rocket battery ; seven companies of ColohiaI'Volueteer8; a hundred Moun ted InfSiitry ; the 3rd Native Eegiment; and 170 'men of a Naval Brigade, with one Gatling gun aDd two 7-pnunder guns, under the command of Captain Campbell, of H.M.S. Active. ? Until more reliable information ia received; we are inclined to believe that the defence of Ekowe has been a! second Lucknow in gallantry and heroism, combined with a heavy loss of life. The Colonel of the Buffs has long beeb known in the army for his skill- and soldierly accomplishments. We trust that ere now the relief has been accomf plished successfully, and the siege raised by Colonel Law's division. Cetewayo, no doubt, will try his best to defeat the two British forces in detail before Lord Chelmsford arrives at the front with the full strength of his avenging army. The Zulu King cannot be ignorant of what force be has now to. contend against. By the time Ekowe is relieved h second British division will have arrived on the Tugela Eiver, when, no doubt, Lord Chelmsford will assume the chief com mand, prior to a general advance upon the Boyal Kraal, which is over Bixty miles distant. The days of Zulu sur prises are at an end, and the superiority of the white man in South Africa over the Kaffir tribes, must bo effectively maintained. The first lesson the Zulus have receivod in tho. way of complete defeat since ' the bad luek. of Eourke's Drift' was given by Colonel Woods' lef- column, near the agricultural town -of Luneberg, in tho Transvaal. Tba left is composed of 2000 Europeans, and a fair proportion of Colonial Volunteers, as follows: — The 30th and 90th llegi ments, 11th battery, and four 7-pounder guns, Boyal Artillery; a hundred Mounted Infantry, under Major Bussoll; 12th Lancers ; 200 Light Horse,, undor Major Buller, C.B., and several com panies of natives. Tho tolegrapb states that his camp was attacked by 2000 Zulus, and that the battle raged for futir hours. The British dufoated ! the foe, with the heavy loss of soveu officers and seventy men killed and wounded. Our readers can fancy what determination ;the!Zuluis displayed in endeavouring to [storm an entrenched camp, garrisoned I: by British troopR, and armed[ with rifled weapons. ' Colonel Wood is fond of fighting, and he must have had ample room for a display of generalship upon his own account at last.j His deeds of: valour before Sebastopol,' dur ing the Indian Mutiny, in New Zea land and at Commasie, are well known. The Brigadier is yet a young man, but he is already decorated with the Vic toria Cross and the Companionship of the .Bath. He has probably .been ordered i to follow- the enemy by this time, being reinforced by- Colonel Bow. lands, from the Tranakie. As Sir. Bartle Frere has refused Cetewayo's offers of peace, the chief struggle of the campaign will be fought around the Eoyal Kraal. If- a flanking division was also to operate from the bay and lake ot St. Lucia, and penetrate the heart of Zululand from the rear, {tbe war would soon be over, and the! power of (he British nation as much felt throughout Kaffirland as- it has been amongst the defiles and 'valleys of .Afghanistan. [Since the above !waa in type we find that, according ito our telegrams, the relief of 'Ekowe haB been [accomplished]. ! i gestkral meeting of the members of the Mackay Tnrf. Club will be held on' Thursday, the 1st of May next, at| 8 p.m. The stewards will bold their, meeting at 7 p.m. , ? There, was not mnch -business! in the -Police Court during the week, with ( the nsnal exception of a few drnnkards cautioned or fined. ! . r. ; ; : It is stated -that a provisional certificate of registration has been granted to: Messre.; Kemp atid Altereith for a process of separa ting granulated sugar from molasses by means f of' atmospheric pressure : or the pneumatic process, j ? j ' ^ j Wills*- Hotel will be re- opened this 'morning .under the lesseeship of Mrl Marsh. \Ve propose to give a description of the new ^improvements in our next issue, ; | The wet weather has not yet :taken a rest. Nautical friends inform us that we jbave now, entered the; monsoon months, bnt the cane \fields stand the wet. and wind 'wonderfully. Field work is -being pushed [forward, as rapidly as ' possible in hoeing up' [and planting the crops of 18S0. : So far advanced are some of the cane-fields that, [several planters intend crashing! on the first [of .Tune shonld they be favoured with a mouth's dry weather. By advertisement in another; column our readers will learn that the Manse [Building Committee of the Presbyterian Church will hold 'a Bruce auction on Tuesday, the 17th oFJunernext. As that date will be during the race week we have no doubt that the auction will be a greater snccess than upon the last - occasion. The proceedings | .will be varied [with a conversazione prior to the sale, and every endeavour made to make the matter interesting and pass off with satis faction. ? Uur irresbytenan mends generally open tHeir hands liberally to any general local scheme, and we hope upou this forth coming occasion they will be supported in a similar liberal manner. It is reported that a French Admiral has left New Caledonia in a war vesse^o annex the New Hebrides gronp of islands in the South 1 Seas, in . the name of the French Republic. If this is- a correct statement, on the part of the Evening A 'etos, Noumea correspondent, the. matter will be assocjated in .the tuture with discontent . and political evils. The French may try to play a trump card as| a set off to Cyprus, but Australian interests . are too great for the French to retain the New Hebrides for any length of time in peace aud undisturbed possession. It is high time the British Government arrived: at some definite policy regarding the isles of Polynesia,, which no donbt they will do if they bad the Afghan and Zuln wars off their hands. The. recruiting schooner Isabella arrived in port from the islands last Wednesday morning with seventy-four labourers. on board, all' well. Captain .Rosengren reports very, heavy weather while he was amongst the Solomah Gronp, which lengthened his voyage considerably.- The 'boys' looked strong and healthy, and were alloted to various plan tations as follows': — Foulden Estate 25, River Estate 24, Lorne8, and the remainder amongst .six others. Only eight Soloman islanders were recruited, the rest are nearly : all from the New Hebrides Gronp. The- natives of the varions islands visited were anxions to. emigrate to Queensland. The narrative of the cruise of the Isabella, in the log 'book of the Government Agent, Mr. Macdonald, is a fine piece of descriptive writing, full of general interest and historical data, and very interesting. Both Captain Rosengren .and Mr. Macdonald are none the worse for their loug and stormy voyage, and wo wish them better lack next time. The Rev. Mr. Maclaren informs us that the Bishop of Northern Queensland has tele graphed to say that he. has decided.to come to Mackay by [the next Yaralla, which vessel leaves Brisbane to-day (Saturday), at 4 p.m., and not by the Wentwortb, as he originally intended ; we cannot, therefore, expect him in our midst until next Thursday or Friday. This alteration, we feel sure, will be better for both tho Bishop and the people here, as ; the former will not be put to any inconveni ence in transhipping from the Northern steamer to the Bronzwing in case of -:bad weather, while the latter will have more iirao to prepare for his Lordship's reception in* the newly-formed diocese. Of course the altera tion m the time of his arrival will necessitate a few ohanges in the present arrangements for receiving him, bnt they will, 4°ubtle88, be easily made by the aotive and energetio Reception Committee. A general meeting of tho Presbyterian Manso Building Committee was held in the Presbyterian Church, last Wednesday even-; ing. Present — The Rev. Mr. Hume (in the' chair), and Messrs. H. McCready, G; R. Donaldson, W. Robertson, W. J. Cameron, A. B. Williamson and J. McBryde. The minute's of the previous meeting were read and. con firmed. The Secretary read a statement of the building aooount, whioh showed that a balance of £71 was yet owing. A conversa tion arose respecting the best method of raising the necessnry fnnds:to'cover the debt. The Rev. Mr. Humo. informod the meeting, that a quuntity of goods, intended for the last bruce auction, had been -received from home, but as they had arrived too late, stops might he taken to dispose of them. After a length ened debate, it was finally resolved to hold a second bruco auotion on the first day and evening of June, the 17th— the first day of the ousuing races. Several present promised to supplement the goods for sale by liberal dona tions of works'of art, fauoy goods, neodlowork and other useful articles. Tho Secretary waa requoated to advertiso tho date of the auction, aud also for donations, &o.;, in support of the same. During tho exhibition of the goods prior to tho sale, -it was proposed to hold a couversaziopo, with tea and music, the charge for admission to be one shilling. - Messrs. Davles and Kingsfard wore appointed' joint soorotariea to- tho Bruce auotion oommitteo. The Sooretary was instructed to writo to tho ladies, of tho congregation for thoir kind assistance In tho matter, aud to: hold a ladies mooting ns soon as convenient. ' The raeotiug was closed with prayer. ; ? /' I . ' All Mount Orange Copper Mining shares in arrears will be advertised for forfeiture unless they are paid up forthwith. j Victorian affairs in London and Melbourne are not basking in tbe sunshine of an imposing, embassy, nor in the Ministerial tact and goocl taste of Sir Bryan O'Logblen, the Premier pro forma. Mr. Berry has failed to make a 'constitutional' impression opon a- Baronet in Downing-street as easily as he gaioed the affection of Sir Bryan in Victoria. Tbp modest request of this statesman to republic anise the British constitution in Australia, respecting which Mr. Berry exhibited all the 'cocksnreness ' of a Harconrt, did not receive that decisive settlement which was the primary object of the embassy. This Victorian . holiday party will retnrn home in May, with a recommendation to further test the feelings of the country in a general election aB to whether Berryism is to tie the fntnre form of Government or not. This state of affairs has spread alarm amoogst the followers of Mr. Berry and Sir Charles Sladen. The students of Melbourne hooted the democratic Baronet upon being converted into a Master of Arts, and at a banqnet ttie other evening Sir Bryan predicted u a storm in the South that darkens the day.' hope his language did not mean civil war. If so, we hope with the poet, ' well, if it do not roll onr way.' Bnt 'there is no denying tbe signs of the day, a useless and unfortunate constitutional struggle has begun in Victoria, and it is hard to foresee tbe end of the unhappy difficulty. The' Marquis of Normanby is a' sound constitutional rnler, and his presence in the colony at so critical a period may be able to keep democracy in its proper place. . - ? [ As tbe 'racing eeason is approaching in thus district the performances of snch- horses at Randwick as Savanaka, Chester and Bosworih will bis read with general interest. The race for the Sydney Cup was all that conld be desired in the pleasures of the tnrf. The: weather was splendi *, and abont 6000 people were present; One report states that the racing was good, and the excitement as Savanaka, Chester, and Bosworth drew, to the front on entering the straight waa frantic. Savaoaka, however, had all/ttie best of it, and in spite of -tremendous efforts by Chester, won a splendid and very fast race by balfja leogth. . Bosworth was twbs lengths away, j and then came' Olivia and Tocal together, and ; next K. C. - B. and Whisker. The Telegraph report is as follows: — 'The Sydney cup, |2 miles. — Mr. H. Power's gr. orbL h. Savanaka, by Kingston — Sappho, 4 years, 8st 7lt-s.. (including 51bs. penalty), 1 ; Hon. J. White's b.b. Chester by - Yattendon— Lady Chester, 4 years, 9st. 51hs., 2; Mr. E. Jellot's brje. Bosworth by Maribyrnong— The Fawn, 1 3 years, 7st. 12lbs., 3.- Twelve others started. After some delay at the post they were sent away to a good start, the colours of Olivia, K.C.B.,- Tocal, and Trump Yoss heibg prominent.- After 200 yards K.C.B. and Tocal went to the front, Olivia Ijring third, with about two lengths,, between ber and! a ruck in which Chester and Savanaka had good positions, Bosworth getting away badjy. On passing the Stand the brst time this order was preserved, but on the far side Iof the course tbe field had tailed out. Her.e Tocal was .in command, with a slight lead of K.C.B., Olivia well np with Chester, Savanaka, Bosworth, and .Whisker coming next.; No alteration occurred in' tbe next quarter of a mile, bnt balf-a-mileifrom home K.C.B. and Tocal came back, and as they turned / into the straight, Bosworth cakfte through, ? and attended by Savanaka and Chester deposed the leaders. A few -yards, farther Savanaka and Chester singled them-' selves out and ran a great race hp the straight, but tbe grey had always the'tiest of it, and won a grand race by half a length— Bosworth two lengths away, and then Olivia and Tocal, K.C.B. and Whisker. TimeJ 3 mins. 33 eight- tenths sees.- ' | 