ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JUNE 17, 1879. THE report of the Special Committee of the Municipal Council appointed to inquire into the expediency of reducing the salaries of the officers does not com- mend itself to our approval, and we are therefore glad that it has been referred back for further consideration. Alder- man Ferguson, on whose motion this resolution was taken, hinted that he had some better means of reducing expenses than that recommended by the Com- mittee, but what proposals he has to make we are not informed. Looking at the matter, however, from our own standpoint, we feel confident that a re- consideration of the report will result in material modifications being agreed to. The recommendation that the Town Surveyor and Clerk of Waterworks' salary be reduced from ,£475 to ^400 should be well deliberated upon before being finally adopted by the Council. Mr. Clements undoubtedly has his faults, and is doubtless not an engineer of the first class ; but he is not paid an engineer's salary, and we doubt whether his place could be filled more satisfactorily by any one else at the rate of remuneration he is now receiving. We are, however, fully convinced that the duties of the dual office held by Mr. Clements, if efficiently performed, are not overpaid at ¿£475 ; and if the Council consider he does not perform those duties satisfac- torily, would it not be better to try and get some one who will do it rather than seek to degrade a professional man by reducing his salary ,£75 at one stroke? He might submit to the reduction, and he might not. It is not always conve- nient for an officer, however able, to obtain a new appointment atashort notice and very possibly Mr. Clements would consent to the reduction ; but an advan- tage gained by reducing salaries irrespec- tive of the intrinsic value of an officer's services would be unworthy of a public body, and involves a principle which, if marie a rule of future action, would ultimately result in lowering the effectiveness of the official staff, for thc very sufficient reason that the law of supply and demand would make itself felt, and underpaid officers . would in time find opportunities of obtaining elsewhere an adequate re- numeration for their services. The pro- posed reduction in the salary of thc Revenue Collector from ,¿350 to ,£325 is open to still graver objections. It is only about twelve months since Mr. Busche!, in response In invitation by advertisement, applied for and was ap- pointed to this oftu e at the salary named. I He won it, in fact, by public lender, | and from his special qualifications for 1 . the work required of him the Council | rightly considered they bad made a good | : bargain. Had the Council advertised ' a smaller salary he might possibly have i , taken it, but now that lie has become ' ] familiar with the routine of work and , has ;;ivi'ii unqualified satisfaction, ii would, we think, be invidious to notify 1 t'i liiui a reduction of salary, and at any ? rate il would be wi-c p ilicy lo let . well alone rather than seek lo : effect a s uing of s > trilling an 1 amount as ,-C-5 by a step which might | ; defeat its own object and involve the Council in greater expense. The collec- tion of wharfage in small sums repre- sented by a few pence is necessarily expensive, and in the hands of any but a skilled collector would be very imperfectly performed, resulting in a serious loss of revenue, besides probably causing vexatious annoyance to the public. We therefore repeat that the proposed reduction of salary in this case is inexpedient. Thc reduction of one shilling per diem in the wages of the Corporation foreman we also cannot but regard as a bit of cheese-paring economy. Mr. Dobbs now receives 9s. a day, or ¿2 14s. per week ; and if he looks after the Corporation day men and sees that they do their work properly, he is certainly not overpaid. We believe he has given full satisfaction. If ibis be so, why make an alteration? It may be urged in favour of these reductions that in other avocations employment just at presentís difficult to obtain, and that engagements ate being made in some instances con s:derably under the rates hitherto ob- taining ; but a public official, whether in Government or Corporation employ, is supposed to have a fixed salary ; and as when trade is brisk and ordinary em- ployment plentiful at advanced salaries, lie docs not participate in the higher rates current, be is entitled lo consi- deration during times of temporary depression, and should not necessarily be placed on a lower salary simply because some one else happens to be ready to fill his place on the terms offered. In making these observations, we are not guided so much by a regard for the officers concerned as by a desire to indicate the principles which in our view should actuate the Municipal Council in dealing with this question of salaries. The Special Committee, we submit, bas not made out a good case ; and we hope that on further consideration a diffe- rent report to that presented at last meeting will be brought up for the adoption of the Council. We do not, however, say that no changes should be made. The Accountant is an officer that might pro- bably be dispensed with. When that officer collected the rates he had some- thing to do worth his salary of .£250 a-year, but on this work being transferred to Mr. Büschel, the Accountant was no longer necessary. What work thal officer now does properly comes within the duties of the Town Clerk, and a junior clerk as assistant should be suffi- cient for* the work of the office. The Inspector of Nuisances, also, is not, if common report is to be credited, quite up to his duties ; but in that case thc Council might reasonably consider whether a belier man could not be found for that position. It is at best a thank- less office, and a good man is needed to fill it wilh any degree of satisfaction to the public. We have not hesitated to enter thus far into detail and express our delibe- rately formed opinions on this rather delicate question, but before dismissing the subject, we would point out that comparisons which have been made between the Rockhampton and other municipalities with regard to the salaries paid in proportion to the revenue collected are not just, inas- much as the conditions under which the revenue is collected in diffe- rent municipalities very materially. In Rockhampton, the wharfage, water supply, and steam punt are under the immediate control of the Corporation ; and these are all extras as compared with the works carried on by other muni- cipalities in the colony. In Brisbane, the Corporation Wharf is under lease to Mr. Beattie, and the Council have nothing to do with wharfage. The ferries are also under lease, and the water supply is managed by a Government Board entirely unnconnected with the City Council. It has been a subject of complaint that the Metropolitan water- works are not in the hands of the Council, and they have endeavoured lo get it into their own hands, urging as one reason amongst others for the trans- ference that under the Board, about 25 per cent of the income from rates is consumed in the cost of collection and management. Let due allowance be made for the extra work connected with the wharfage, water supply and steam ferry, and it will be found that the amount paid in salaries by the R.ock kampton Corporation is by no means excessive, and that it will compare favourably with the official expenses of other municipalities, regard being had to the quantity and quality of thc work done, lt should further be considered that the work in the Rockhampton Council has greatly increased owing to multifarious requirements of the new Act, which is seriously at fault in attempting too much and interfering with details 0 administration which might better have been left lo thc discretion of the Councils and their officials. More remains to be said on this subject, but for the present we forbear, trusting that our suggestions may be taken in good part and assist the Council in arriving at a right deci- sion. Tm: Committee of the Fitzroy lïowinj; Cluh meet to-niyht, at ei^ht o'clock, in thc Oxford Ann». IT is notified hy advertisement that 11011 commi.s.HÍone<l officers nf hoth Volunteer com- panies will meet for drill on Tuesday evenings. Tm: .?itntritfami.it Sb-trlirr for .lune fully sustains thc reputation which this journal has v>blaincd fm'the superiority of ile ciiorav in:'«. Th« portraits or Mrs. Ungani and Miss .lennie Watt-Tanner are exceedingly well lini:-!ie'l, and the other pictures arc also credit- ably c"euuted. AN ne.vei-tiseinent elsewhere announces tile arrival ¡ii this town nf .a novel means nf a111n--.-111.-11t. IVor.-ssiirTiyl.ir and l,i!lio(wloi has heirn termed the yileen of S';,itei-s) vii! «iv :t tli-itin- lin!; wtcrl-ttn'iwt in t!:t> U.UïeûoUs' Hall nil frilay eveliii,.;. Tlie-ie 1aleiiU"1 skatet« have loni union:; .-. v.-iy siieee-sfnl toni- timm-h Now Zealand ami tho X.miheni clemes, tile, prw.4 s-n-ihhi^ i-i hi _;h terms nf their ev.iv.hi mow oe :iH "li thc shales. A jij:rJ!TrTiON of thc new programme secured auother good attendance at Carlton's Ghost entertainment lost night, and the per- formance passed off successfully, the songs, with which the programme was interspcred, being warmly applauded. ATTENTION is directed to a notification appcariug in another column respectiug tho closing of the English mai) via Torres Straits, per H. M.S. Somerset. Letters for thc United Kingdom, hearing the usual late fee, may bc posted on board thc e. Bunyip, at thc A.S.N. Co.'s wharf, up to ten o'clock to-morrow night. Mit. J. M'SIIAPRY, of the firm of M'Sharry aud O'Rourko (the successful contractors for the fourth section of thc Central Railway), arrived from Brishanc yesterday, and proceeds to Emerald immediately to begin his con- tract. This will be good news to thc newly-arrived immigrants, who will probably all find employment at an early date, if not directly on the railway extension, at least in other occupations relieved by the demand for labourers at this work. Wien operations are well begun, Mr. M'Sharry goes to Towns- ville, where his firm has 270 men in their employ, constructing earthworks, bridges, and culverts for the first section of thc Northern Railway. THE public temperance meeting held last night in thc Primitive Methodist Church, Fitzroy-strcet, was moderately attended, several new arrivals being present. Mr. J. W. Power was requested to preside, and made a brief speech on the importance of total abstinence to secure the blessings of health and usefulness of life. Mr. T. G. Henderson next addressed thc meeting, and was followed by thc Kev. Messrs. J. Cameron, J. Wil'iauis, and ll. Hartley, and Messrs. Layman and IT. Hopkins. Tho speeches were pleasantly diversified by selections from Moody and Sankey's hymns, sung by several of thc immi- grants. Thc Rev. J. Williams announced that a meeting would be held on the 30th instant to organise a Band of Hope and Tem- perance Association. At the close of thc meeting nearly a score of persons signed thc pledge. AT the Police Court yesterday, before tho Police Magistrate, ono drunkard was fined five shillings, or twenty-four hours' imprisonment in default of payment ; another offender was fined ten shillings. John Sharrocks was fined ten shillings, with tho alternative of twenty four hours in gaol, for being drunk, and for making usc of obscene language he was ordered to bo imprisoned for fourteen days. Thc evidence of Senior-constable Hardy and Constable Beattie proved that the defendaut, against whom there were previous convictions recorded, had used tho language complained of in East-street on Saturday night. John Wallace, far being drunk, was fined ten shillings ; in default of payment forty-eight hours ; and for using indecent language, twenty shillings or seven days in gaol. This latter individual bad made use ot most improper words on the rivor bank on Sunday afternoon, and on the matter being reported to the police, he waa arrested. The sentences in tho last two mentioned cases were concurrent, in the cveut of tho fines not being paid. In the afternoon Mr. H. Milford, on behalf of Margaret Burke, appeared for a separation order under tho lltb section of tbc Matrimonial Causes Act, and the usual affidavit being filed, the customary order was granted. THE Theatre was fairly patronised lost night, but the merits of the comedy, "Our Girls," deserved a better house, as it abound* with language full of wit and piquancy, highly appreciable, and maintaining thc author'» well-known reputation as a comedy writer. Thc "Girls" were ably represented by MisB Clara Stephenson and Miss Hogers, who entered into the spirit of the play-which is csseutially what is termed a society play with their usual wnw and feeling. Aa Frafarhk Fanshawe, Mr. T. C. Mortync appeared to groat advantage-in fact tho character appeared to suit him, and he was well entitled to tlie reception accorded. As the Doctor, Mr. J. Hesford was essentially a necessary character in the piece, and he proved most agreeably accept- able. The other artistes engaged in thc comedy were well versed in their parts, and with the assistance rendered thu principals, "Our Girls" proved a great success. The "Olia Podrida" concluded thc evening's amusement, and the songs on the programme were well rendered. To-night the comedy will be repeated, and should attract a good audience. TUE TOÍAI.ISFJ!.-The Age., in a very well reasoned article, strongly advises thc intro- duction of thc totaliser. Of the betting ring, it says :-" There arc doubtless a few respec- table book-makers who upon the whole deal fairly by tho public, and who occasionally receive Flits as hard as and they ever deal. But these arc the rare exceptions, and the ring as a whole is largely recruited from the scum of society. Of course the public lias only itself to blame for the existence of such a class. It might be worth our while to con- sider whether it would not bo advisable to legalise and adopt thc totaliser in Victoria, for tile betting ring in this colony is a danger- ous ond spreading social sore. Almost any means for its repression would be universally welcomed, whilst its suppression is a consum- mation devoutly wished for by a large section of thc community." There is scarcely a paper in this colony but has expressed this opinion with regard to thc rintf and racing surround- ings in much thc same strain, so you may gather that our mctalliuians arc a bad lot. CiiiNiisi: IN rilli NoîTiiiiKN TKiiimouY. Concerning thc Chinese rjnestiou in thc Nor tliem Tem tory, our (Courin-) Port Darwin correspondent, writing on May 'JO, says : "l)ry scaBnn or wet season thc Celestials seem determined nu Mocking to thc place without discrimination and without consideration. Alluvial working, their sole dependence here, is impossible, anil there are no extensive public works to fall back on. lt would bc a splendid opportunity to commence any Largo work- railways, tramways, or jetties-wdicu labour is so cheap and plentiful ; but our l.'ovcniiueiit care for none of these things, ami decline any large outlay so far oft", en that talk will not meet the emergency. They :irc hound to fall back on thc capital in thc dry season, and already in l'ahiierston they are a pest to the Europeans, because they aro largely composed of mendicants and thieves, and if they were not so by nature circum- stances would make them i:o." Th. ir piHering propensities «ill nut ilceree.se, but the reverse, mid policemen will he busy watching them :uid anvsluin; them ; courts will l.e occupied in dis- posing nf their eases, whilst property will still I-e insecure, lt is evident th at any accession to their numbers would lie mn lesir'alile, ai.'d thc i.n';i'ai.i.m should Im dise uniwil. So far they have been perfectly five from all taxation, and f ey are at lilu.-rty tn neeupy thc .land v.-ilhtiut restraint. It is full time they paid sunn Hiing towards thc revenu e. Thc mauger in v. Itieh th-1 ('iiim.se t.*nvr nuicut tries tn cripple t!ie ll.iin.lt.iiur trade chows that the i 'hine-e themselves as a penile are nut entitled to many privileges in Hriti; di purls. The s . nil' rihr-tic ell'usiniis nf South ern orators un ¡i'voiinl ,,t national treaties ar. . ail bunkum. Thu «.liiucse pay no respect to ti realics. They take every opportunity of mating money, and nothing keeps them in check but fear. For some time the Canton Government bas been blocking Hongkong with revenue cruisers, seizing on all native junks going to and from the port, and this is in the face of thc treaty of 1840. Tho neighbouring Chinese ports aro monopolising al) our trade, and thc bulk of our gold finds its way hy private hands to China and it is only fair that their rice, their opium, their grease, and various luxuries should pay duty, and that they themselves should be compelled to take out miners* rights." GENERAL GRANT AND Hrs WIFE.-It may not be generally understood, says "Atlas," either in England or in America, what is General Grant's "little game" in playing thc part of globe-trotter instead of staying at homo aud interesting himself in the affairs of the great Republic, of which he is so distin- guished a citizen. The General himself would no doubt lie silent as a tomb if anyone were to ask him for such an explanation ; but thc cx-Prcaidcutess is not quite so reticent. She and her husband were at Agra in February, where the General ate a big dinner and uttered a small speech, and where his good lady rather lot the cat out of thc bag. "The General," said she, " is travelling abroad so as to bc out of the way in a natural manner. He is uoing to run for President again at the next election ; and if he were at home there are any amount of buming questions on which he would cither bo forced to commit himself or look plaguey awkward. By travelling around he keeps himself nice aud free, and will go back to the White House quite untrammelled by any pledges. " This is smart of the U. S.G. ¡ but he should have kept it dark from the wife of his bosom. A SAD SPECTACLE.-A very sad spectacle (says the S. AT. Herald of the 10th) was witnessed in Hyde Park on Friday afternoon. Just as the sun was going down, and when thc atmosphere was cold and sharp and pierc- ing, a little girl about six years of age was seen with a baby in her arms and a little thing barely two years of ago hy her side. She had lost her hat, and was afraid to go home lost her parents should beat her. A lad who happened to bo passing, with great kindness of heart, sent her own tittil girl for another hat, which, though of little value, proved suffi- ciently good to satisfy the little one who was dreading thc beating that she would escape thc punishment. There were two constables on duty in the park at the time, who were asked to take thc poor children homo, and one of thom replied, "Oh, I'm not paid for taking home all stray children. It's likely they'll do it again." Following the Btrict letter of tho police instructions, a constable is only directed to take stray children to tho nearest lockup ; but, seeing that a little deviation from tile absolute directions given to them would rather have redounded to their credit than otherwise, and would probably have been approved at head-quarters, it is strange that human feelings were not moro strikingly displayed than they wcro. Their benevolently inclined, suh-inspector, Anderson, would have acted differently under thc circumstances. KILLED UV LIGHTNING.-Tho Western Aus- tralian corrcspondout of the Melbourne Agc writes : - " Dunns a heavy thunderstorm which broke over Perth about a fortnight ego, thc lightning struck a large monastic building, now used as a Catholic orphanage, with such force that had it been a brick edifice instead of a massive stone one it must have fallen, and crushed the inmates, consisting of some sixty children with some nuns and attendants, in its ruins. As it was, the force nf the shock was such as to loosen cvory rafter in the roof from tho walls, and tho lightning in its course killed one child and stuuued ana threw down a number of others. It was attracted to the building, which is one of three stories, by a cross with an iran point, after striking which it divided itself into two currents, and ran about and through thc walls of the build- ing for at least 200 feet, revealing its path by a faint narrow smoke mark. In striking the boy killed by it, ind another boy whom it stunned, it afforded a carious instance of light- ning printing, photographing a fig leaf on the foot of the one boy ind a fig leaf and some geraniums on tho breast of the other. The building is surrounded by fig trees, and the boy who was killed had some geraniums in his hand. One side of the face of this boy was blackened, as if by gunpowder, but there was nothing to show how the lightning had killed him. A BRAVE LITTLE BOY.-An extraordinary story is told by a New Zealand paper of how a little fellow, son of a resident of Marton, who had been sent to school in England, found his way back to his parents :-" Although but just entering upon his teens, the plucky little man determined to escape from Iiis bondage, and work his way back the IC,OOO miles, and with that intention started off to tramp to London without a penny in his pocket. Arrived nt the modern Babylon, he succeeded in ingratiating himself with the captain of a vessel trading to Melbourne, who, in return for tho child's services ns 'Jimmy Ducks,' gave him a passage to Wellington in one of thc steamers. But even then, so near home aud happiness, he found himself still a stranger, penniless and without help, until a captain nf one of the Wangauni steamers gave him a lift to town. Unfortunately for tho child, there were no more vessels to accept services in lieu of passage-as there were only the rail and thc road whereby to reach home -and tho little follow was about girding up his loins for another tramp of thirty miles, when he stopped in front of a shop, the name of whose proprietor was familiar to him. Acting upon thc spur of the moment he entered, and told his tale to the man- an old friend of his father-who escorted him to the station, placed him in a first-class carriage, with a ticket for Marton, and two hours later, in the darkness of the night, tho brave little wanderer was knocking at his father's door." LAND RESUMPTION ON THE CKXTPAL RAILWAY LINK.-A not inconsiderable section of thc public has been awaiting with some anxiety (says the Courinr of Saturday) thc fulfilment of that promise in the Governor's Speech at thc opening of Parliament, which re- ferred to the throwing open of large arcas of land in thc neighbourhood of the Central Railway and elsewhere. It is well known that for nearly two years past thc halves of all thc Peak Downs runs have been available for alienation, and that for many months ex- tensive surveys have been completed. Yet wc believe we are correct in saying that there is very little, if any, good land open to selection in thc Central district, at anyrato at a greater «listaiice than thirty miles from thc coast. Why thc Peak Downs lands were not made available fur alienation hy the late Ministry is best known to themselves, and why no action in that respect has until now been taken hy the Xl 'Ilwraith Government, although it has been (ive months in ollice, is more than wc can conjecture. The existence of a heavy de- ficit in thc Treasury ought to bc an excellent reason for offering for auction or selection rich lands lit either for cultivation or settlement by Bmall graziers, and wc should have supposed that thc opportunity of replenishing revenue aud extending settlement would have been promptly seized by Mr. M'Ilwraith and his colleagues. Wc have been informed that there is, and has been for many mouths, a substantial demand for the good land near thc present terminus of the Central Railway, and if this is the cuse, there should be no further delay in inviting settlement upon it. There is also said to be much demand for laud near Springsure, and much dissatisfaction that none I is available fur selection or purchase in that I neighbourhood. However, we have now thc j assurance that Ministars had not quite forgotten this essential part of their policy, fruin Hie circumstance that we learned ycsler <lav nt the bandi Office that schedules nf I resumptions nf large arcas in thc vicinities of i Tambo, loarknll, and Aramac will bc laid . before Parliament in a few davs. lt is pro posed to resume from KIO to IÖ0 square niüea I in the nciühhnurhoiid of each of these towns: [ and in tho neighbourhood of Springsure ami at various piare* along the railway line very ex- tensive resumptions aro in contemplation. We are "lad to hear nf this auction, though it has been somew hat tardily taken. There should exist DO such thing in the neighbourhood of our railway lines as a demand (or land by would-be selectors without it being at once freely and liberally met if the Government bas the power to do so. livery selector planted within reach of the railway means an im- mediate return of revenue on the line, and an increase of power for further extension. TUNNEL UNOE« TUE ENGLISH CHANNEL. " Stella," writing to the S. M. Herald from Paris, gives a good account of the prospect of " MOBSOO" escaping that voyage terribie from Calais to Dover:-"The sounding of the Channel, in view of a tunnel between France and England, is proceeding rapidly. Up to tho end of February 7, 971 soundings, varying in depth from 50 to 100 fathoms, were taken ; and ^ over 3000 geological specimens were obtained. Thc tunnel, which will have a total length of 22J miles, will pass through a stratum of chalk sufficiently thick and firm to be im- pervious to water. The influence of the variations ia the sea has been studied with the utmost care, and will not bo unfavourable, as was at first imagiued. A train would enter the tunnel, at .Sangatte, near Calais, on a gentle decline, and would then follow a gradual upward sjope, emerging at St. Margaret's Bay, about five miles from Oover." KEV. FATHER HENNKBECY.-Wo (Australian) are requested to state for thc information of our readers that the above celebrated înissioary priest has arrived in Brisbane, for the purpose of giving a scries of missions throughout the diocese. Ho will open his mission at St. Stephen's Cathedral to-morrow, Sunday, at the ll o'clock Mass. It is tho Kev. gentleman's desire that as many as can possibly avail themselves of the opportunity may be present at the 11 o'clock Mass, when he will deliver his opening sermon and give a detailed ac- count of the order of thc exercises. We may add that Father Kennebery was a missionary for over thirty years in America, and that his experience on all religions and social questions is of thc most varied and valuable kind. Temper- ance and Education may lie said to bc specialities with him, and wo are sure that net only Catholics, but tho general public will avai' themselves of these services. Wc arc certain that the attendance not only on Sun- days, but on week days will be very large. WHITE AKTS.-Wo (Courier) aro indebted to Mr. H. St. John Wood for the following information concerning the destruction of white auts and the means taken to resiBt their attacks. Mr. Wood also mentions a tree grown in India, Btated to be indestructible by them, which fact ma" interest the Acclima- tisation Society. He says :-" In the island of St. Helena, the white ants were, it is supposed, accidentally introduced from thc coast of Guinea. Jamestown was devasten, the cathedral and the books of the public library were destroyed; everything in the town made of wood was more or less injured, imperilling the lives of large numbera of the 4000 inhabitants. In the Government stores it was found that the moist traces of the insect on the outside of the tin caused very speedy corrosion of the metal, and enabled the insects to make their way in and devour the contents, doing many thousand pounds damages. The Governor of St. Helena applied to the Lords, of the Admiralty for the best mode of finding tho ants' nests and effectually destroying them, and also os to the description of timber which has proved to bc the least sus- ceptible of injury from the insects. These inquiries having been referred to the Entomological Society, it has been decided that the ants' nests must be Bought in the Íilains ; that if tho white ants once effected a odgment in the walls of a house, the walls must be taken down before the insects could be got rid of. Steeping timber in a solution of quicklime will prevent the attacks of the insects, and impregnating thc timber with creosote has been found a preservative. In Western Australia, where white ants abound, and destroy buildings and furniture to a great extent, the wood of the mahogany tree bas been found proof against the white ants' attacks ; while in the Amazon country where the houBe walls consist of posts with crossei laths filled up with mud, and covered witp . lime and cement, the houses, if washed ovei ? with a solution of arsenictaed soap, will be preserved from the insects' attacks. There is also a timber called babool indigenous to India, impregnable to the white ants. In five or six years from the time of planting it is sufficiently large for railway sleepers, and is extensively used for that purpose. There are some plants within a few miles of Brisbane growing luxuriantly. Why not cultivate the babool 1" 