MELBOURNE. 24th December. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The gods be praised, polities have been laid to rest for the next few days. To-day there has been a per fect exodus of Minieters and legislators in gen[?]ral, some to Lerne, some to Loutitt Bay, some to the Gippsland lakes cnd' mountains,- and others '.where .fancy.may lead them. I met one prominent member to-dayrin delightful old doth ee and IsgpngsrbouUd on.eihoot ing trip, and another laying in theneeeteary supplies for a yachting-, tour. Evan they, stern men.of., the world, hail with delight the approach of the vacation. Curiosity tempted me; to have a. look at- ..the chamber; .that but; so'. lately, rang with.their loud cries of “Divide," and ..-.personal alterca tion on the memorable night-....0f.- the .-.division on the .Reform Bjlli How deserted the place looked 1 The tread ■'of oho’s- footalep had'-* painfully loud echo, and from thedarkcOrnerS'l'itilmoat expected the shades o£Wilson'Qrey,Richard-Hea!eB; Charles | Jardine Don, or some other.of pur departed law-givers | to risa':.nprand rabuka m'e for'my'intraeioh oa their privacy. I wonder-whether any of the ghosts of | those who have longainca'gona'oVer' 'do-return-to the scenes ..of their .former . triumphs- The... reporters* gallery, -too, had a pluntivsly-desertedloak, and't|)e I doors o£ the “ cages" seemed almost.to creak, as if in’ | pleasurable anticipation ,of b|ing re-occupied. , I re maihed pondering until-’I I could hear the usher’s “ Mr Speaker, gentlemen,” and could baVe sworn I saw a full House ’of spectral members rise ! and make eaoh hia -owif-peculiarCatfd obaraoteristic bow, and my hand went involuntarily to the usual | pocket; for; the ■ transcribing steglus.-; However, I : expect the recording angels- will have quite enough todowhen the, legitimate and fUabyocoupaata of the Chamber cometroopinghack refreshed, and reoape-' rated from theii* holidays V ' | One of the kdoat pleasing features'ln connection. Witk tha charge'laid against; Hr'Camerbn, i the manly conduct of Mr. David'QaiihsoniUtterly opposed as he is to Mr Cameron'in political he-ih tbp. manly tb;kllbw considerations of that "kind' tointer-’ ferswith the’ respect aud : friendship he entertains for a'' brother' legislator.' Ha‘ : has rihtereated 'himself' greatly in the matter, and haa'declaredhis intention of assisting Mr Cameron in'sifting the' ; matter to the fullest extent, 'Mr David Gatihioii-is to'be 'com mended for his kindness in endeavoring to-put-an immediate atop on what, if allowed to go unchecked, muatprovea danger to every one of oar public-men. I understand, too, that the counsel 'retained by Mr. Cameron are principally composed of members of the Oppoaitibh. ''’ ' ‘ ; - » ■' l ' ■ ' The Intercolonial. Juvenile Industrial Exhibition still continues to be", crowded'and the.' intimation of the committee -that it will remain open oh Christmas Day, althouglfcondemhed by (he strict Puritan sec tion of tbe community,. has nevertheless given general satisfaction-. MrC. J. Richardson, the aecre ' tary,~ has been' indefatigable' in his exertionato get everything in order, but of. course a.few days mast elapse before so many articles can be pqj injthoroogh i order, at least sufficiently ; so; to give' any detailed notice. _1” “ As .was-expected, the Executive, of. Sydney have determined that the sentence of the law'iahall be ; carried into effect with respect to Scott and Hogan, but have resolved to commute..the punishment of Williams and Bennett to' imprisonment-.for fifteen years. Even this is a very severe punishment‘for the latter, the best years of whose 'life'will be' passed within the walls of . Of. .what possible use ■ can they.-be -to society when, they re-enter the. world 1 ' But-I suppose they are very- thankful'that the'bitter- I ness of death has passed from them. With.respect to. : Scott and Kogan,'though'capital puniahuient-ia looked on with- growing disfavor by largehliisses of the com -1 inanity,it is felt that in their.case the .sentence ia„a just one; when theknddeh-'.takingoff of poor Bowen and their own youthful comrades is considered; ;• t By the bye, I hear that some thoughtless'- person has telegraphed; to Scott’s.people 'his,dreadful fate. Surely his parents might' have been Kept- as long as possible in ignorance of their, son’s disgrace; and 'im minence of a violent death. ..; . Messrs Siddeley and Cos. have.-received; intelligence of the. departure from Plymouth on the 29th- of the . present month of the Somersetshire, with’a large' : number of-passengers. This vessel .is a favorite, has ’ been very successful in her trips, and must have been ; very valuable to, -her owners, Messrs 'Money Wigram - : and Sonsi. ' ''' ' I ’’ '' •' ' ■ . Onf lobal' cricketers are greatly chagrined at the \- loss of. the .University, match,.by such. a_fety, runs.. The g'ama had : been Jobbed upon as such a certainty" for-Melbourne that all betting wasonit of the-.ques tion, and.when.the news was, received In’folm it yfas' : : hardly credited. Of course all sorts of reasons have been assigned, but I think the real fact is that towards the finish our men were so eager ’that their usual caution- and they fell an easy prey to their more wily opponents. It has had one good effect; it has pat our men on their mettle, and when next Melbourne and Sydney neat there will be a severe tug of war. Much interest is also taken in the match between the Australian Eleven and fifteen picked from; New South Wales 'and.Victoria. Which .commences on the three first dayaof the nWjea'rr Visitors are already beginning to floek into town, and the streets, wear an unusually lively aspect even for the eve of our greatest holiday. l The ofticans, too, are, thousands of them, -off to the country, _ and carpet-bags and portmanteaus of all kinds are piled obr ’ the top of the Spencer streetb’bus In great profusion. Round about the .doors,-too,; of • the Academy and Opera House—the two bouses at which the panto mines are produced to- night—even at the time of writing, large numbers are gathered eager for the choice; of seats.' Notwithstanding the caution of tha ; authorities, huge loads of boughs and ferns are in the streets, and the shopkeepers have commenced their : decorations, and very pretty -they'.’ look. V The fancy arcades are full of people making preparations for Santa Claus on the : ; morrow, : and the fancy stalls are doing a vigorous trade, “How are you,, old fellow ? A merry Christmas and a happy New Year" Is heard' on all aides/‘and if the hearty hand-shaking which takes place is any guaranty, the, present Christmas-tide; should be eminently one of :,, peaoa on earth'and goodwill toward men.” Picnics to Studley Park, the Survey paddock, the ,Yan,. Yean, Enrn-trea,.Qully,.,Sorrento, Frankston, - Schnapper Point, and the thousand and one other.places with which we are surrounded, are also receiving their finishing touches, the splendid weather wc are having making this form of outing an unusually favbrice one with the young people.' For those who remain in town all sorts of fun has 'been : provided, in door and out, and what with athletic sports, race meetings, trips.up the Yarra, ,&0., I.think I may. safely . predict a universal and unsurpassed* period "of rejoicing for the Christmas of 1579. Not the least pleasant news (to the. fortunate ones of course) ■ ‘will be the publication of the lists of (he “Passeda” at’the October’ Matriculation examination;' Everyone who. haa had a try for' the "little go" anxiety with which the posting is awaited, Udd (he wild.cheers and, heartfelt relief, of.sonie and, the despondency of others on the appearance .of the ■ list, .. ' ' ‘ 