THE TERRIBLE YEAR—18SI. THE Record Union, 7th March, says:—Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute last night, upon the very interesting subject of " The Planetary Conjunction of 1881." The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 wilt occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Ship:on, and a score of other birds of ill omen, who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugurated in 1881, ind to continu.' till 18S7, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, tho earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all wate:s become poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work mor6 desolation and ruin in all the earth. Lately, in thin State, a so-called Professor has isiued a book in which he has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing teciced, and a hundred other woes fall upon tho earth, and (hat (he devilry and destruction iB to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward outlook is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to pivotal events in nature, such as tbe completion of astronomical cycleB, as being likely to involve great crises in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1S81 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled " The Voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as liliolv to occur between (lie years 1880 nnd 1887, including the annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 America.is from the plague ; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, families, &c; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Motbor Shiptun, all three substantially agreeing that— Tbe world to an end shall come In 1881. He said that the prophecy of tbe old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the uublisher of the " Shipton Almanac " has openly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and nouBense ? The lecturer presented Professor Delaruo's theory of tho relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots ; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He (lien exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets on October 31, 1881 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged ihat a similar aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be manifested. Nevertheless, the pla. nets are enormously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly conceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the f iretold disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the tun and planets. This is but tbe ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow nf ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times .between such conjunctions and atmospheric disturbances, where the theory of great resulting ev'ls failed utterly, and then rend the followin<! letter from Professor Young, of Pi iucelon College, the eminent scientist anl astronomer: — " II. B. Norton.—Dear Sir—Tour note of enquiry is received. I aiifw. r briefly as follows :—First—Your enclosed dingr am (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second—It is truo that the planots will be somewhat n?arer (heir perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third— There is no good reason for expec'itig remarkable disturbances in the solar <>r terrestrial atmosphero on account of such planetary position. Professor Delurue thought (bat he had discovered 0 relation between thein ond sun Bpn(t>, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel ot Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as heing abou- equivalent to that of Mother G<)"Be. —Yours, very truly, CUA.I!L1£8 A. YoUNG." Summing up the evidence, Professor Norton said :—" We are justified in concluding that science has thu^ far given us no definite reason for expecting tho great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public excitement shall cause men tu cleanse their sowers and mend their lives, wo may be ihnnKful for the ' voice from tho tombs,' uttered by Pinzzi Smith, and the wo/ful forecast attributed tu M itlier "liipton." 