The Additions to 8t. Mary's Church, Warwick. LATINO THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying lite foundation etono of the Additions to St Mary's Cliuroh (Roman Catholic) took place yesterday, Friday. The day Was observed hs a holiday amongst the members of the church, and a large number at tended the ceremony. High mats was cele brated st ii a.m. by the Rev»B.6oortechim, assis ted by (he *Rers. Father Byrne, and Father O'Connell. The Rev. «T. J. Iloran officiated a*, master of the ceremonies, and tho Very Bcr. Dean Dwyer took a seat in the sanctuary The service was well tendered and was Tory im pressive ; it did not conclude until half-past 12. At the termination of the service a procession was formed from the church. The Rer. J. J. Iforati led, followed by choristers in aurplicos; after them came tho Kev. Dean Dwyer, having on his right the Bcr. D. J. Byrne, and on his left the Rev. T. O'Connell, with the Bar. B. Roorfrchini behind. Arrived within the por tion of the new addition, the Rev. gentlemen ascended the platform, and, the people having ossembled pnd filled the plnue in cvcij part, The Very Re*. Peon Dwrtii delivered nn rnVneft nnd auitAbto addroBfl. lie thanked the Her. Father Uonin for tho honor he had done him In asking him to lity the foundation stone. He culled the uttention of tho people to the words of St. John in the opncnlipsc wltich snid " Behold the Tiibeniuele of God." These words « ou1<( apply to those who httd worshipped with him in the building they hud just left, and which the portion t lint they were iiou about to lay the foundation of was to furui a part. As surely us God wus present in the heavenly church ao surely h.ul he been present with them that day, us he ulwuyB wus". This should be a great comfort and consolation to them; and it should also be a comfort to them to know that their church wus extending, and would continue to cxtcud bo long as God was with them. A few years ago the present chun-h might have been suiKriontly large for their wants ; but it liud bceome too small, and henco tho ncccasily of providing increased accommodation. They must show their faith by their works, and it was the nobles! work of ! Christians to engiige themselves in building convent* for their children, temples to their ! fJod, and prephTlfrica for their priests. These «<>rl»R they should ron^i-Vr h. :i prjv ih»g;* lo be allowed to <uke u pur! in—first for t he honour ami gl«»ry of Got!, und neeondly for lite comfort of their souls. lie then referred to (he build ing of S(. Mnrv'e Cathedral, Sydney. He ftiid when the lie v. Futln-i' Terry e<>"Mu'urel tie work many years ago, ho was considered almost n Uhidmiin for storing such agiguntie un dertaking. There was-only a very few members of his church in the colony, not nearly bo many as were standing round Lliat day; but all classes and members of all churches assisted liim in the .good work, and there was the uitisfaelioi) that a magnificent structure was-raised, second only Co one in the Australian colonies. And so it was with them. Their pastor stood in the eauie position as Father Terry, and he asked them to assist him in the completion of that building. Tlicy could nil help him, and they should do so by giving as freely as possible, lie hoped they would respond to his call for help, and they should give if even they were to pinch them selves, und they would ilnd it euch a pleasure thiil they would be asking Father Horan what he was going lo do next for them. After eomo further remarks ho culled upon the Rev. J. J. Horan to read a copy of the inscription ou the eeroll, which was pUced in the bottle under the foundation stone. The Iter. J. J. JJoban would rommem-o where l-ho Very Ilev, JJcan ])nycr ltfft off. lie would say that he would have no backward noes in receiving subscriptions for the addition ; in fuct, he would do eo with pleasure, and he fell Lhtit they would giro with still greater pleasure. He congratulated them on the work they had undertaken in extending their church, and lie was perfectly willing, as he knew his hearers were wining, to bo considered like Father Terry viz., mad—eo long as they were engaged in a good work. The extension of their church would at least be something for their children to admire in after iifo. After a few further remarks, principally of a facetious nature, lie read the eeroll, tho inscription on which was us follows In the name of tiie Father, and of the Sou, end of tho Hoi? Ghost. Amen. In the year of Our I/ono one thousand eitfht hundred und 60vcnty*uiac, in the nccoud year of tho Pontificate of His llolineRs Pope Leo XIII., And in the forty-third your of the reign of Victoria, Quceu of Groat Britain and Ireland end Empress of India; Bight Reverend James O'Quinn beimr Bishop or Brisbano, and Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, K.C.M.G., c.n., Governor of Queensland and its Dependencies j This Foundation Stone of the additions to St. Mary's Church, under tho title of " The Assumption," The Reverond James John Horan being Parish Priost of Warwick, was laid by the Very Reverend Dean Dwrer, O.S.B., of Sydney, in the oolony of New South Wales ; assisted by the Reverend Denis Joseph Urrnoa, of Dalby, the Reverend Benedict Scortechim, Parish Priest of LoyMD, and Reverend Thomas O'Counell, Administrator of Booth Brisbane, on the Feast of the GloriouB Assumption of the Ever Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, this fifteenth dav of August, Jacob Horwitt, Esq., being Memlwir of Parliament for Warwick; James H'Keachie, Esq., Mayor; and Francis Barron Woods, Esq., Town Clerk. The Bcv. goDtlemen then descended the platform, and surrounded the foundation etono. Tho Very Rev. Dean Dwyer deposited the bottle containing tho records, and, prayers having been offered up, the stone was lowered into its bed, and the clergy offered up further prefers. They then ascended the platform, when the Rev. J. J. Horan elated he was prepared to re* ceivc subscriptions. A list was opened, and, in a ehort time, tho sum of £170 was collected, the greater portion of which was paid in. The clergy returned to the church et half' past ono o'clock, and the proceedings terminated. 