HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, May 15, 1879. The Speaker took the chair at 4 o'clock. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr, BALFE to move for leave to bring in a bill, to repeal the Constitution Act. (Wednesday.) Mr, DOOLEY to move that the papers and correspondence relative to the opening of Smith-street in the Town of Waratah be laid upon the table of this House on or before Friday, the 23rd inst., together with a plan of the street in question. (Thursday. Mr. DOOLEY to move that this House will resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider an address to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will be pleased to cause to be placed on the Estimates such sums as he may deem adequate for the construc- tions of the following works, viz. : For the construction of a road from Sheffield to Railton for the construction of a bridge crossing the River Mersey at the White Rock, and for the construction of a bridge across the River Dasher. (Thursday) Mr, MEREDITH to move the consideration of the return Swansea Road, and Spring Bay Jetty, No. 129. (Thursday.) USHER OF THE BLACK ROD, The COLONIAL SECRETARY said "In- 10-9 the orders of the day were called on, he wished to i trespass for a time on the patience of the House. Personally he did not desire to take such a course, but he felt compelled to do so in consequence of representations made to him by supporters and friends. The matter- he had to speak of was the charges that had been brought against himself and the Attorney General with reference to the office of Usher of the Black Rod-ahargos amounting to deliberate false hood. Serious as they were, he would let have referred to them unless at the request of others and unless also he had found that on the previous evening in another place the reason given for not passing the Appropriation Bill, was that the present Ministry were so shifty, so unreliable, that no confidence could be placed in them, and that therefore they were not to be trusted even with expenditure of the public money. The speaker he referred to, The SPEAKER reminded the hon. member that he must not refer to the other branch of the Legislature, The COLONIAL, SECRETARY said it was a most extraordinary state of things that Ministers of the Crown and Members of the House might be as ailed in another place, Mr. GIBLIN : Order, Order, The COLONIAL SECRETARY: It was strange that a member of the House should be subject to assault in this way, and then not be allowed to vindicate his character. He bowed to the ruling of the chair of course The SPEAKER explained that the hon. member had a perfect right always to vindicate his character by explanation as he was then doing, but he must not speak of words uttered in another branch of the Legislature, because they had no records of them. (Hear, hear.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY: True, true, Sir. The Premier however was reported in an article in The Mercury of that morning to have said He was plainly told by Mr. Chapman, who seldom seek to conceal his meaning, that Parliament could not give Ministers twelve months' Supplies trusting to any promises which, as Ministers, they might make, as the Council had had glaring evidence of how little reliance could be placed in the word of Ministers. He alluded to the unfunded promises in the matter of the Usher of the Black Rod. The Premier sought to explain away the charge made against two of his colleagues; by pleading how unlikely it was that any Minister would so conduct himself after having been a party to a previous general arrangement that no Minister should pledge himself in the case of any vacancy, till the question had been first considered by the Cabinet's' " Unlikely or not," the writer of the article went on to say " the fact is as stated by Mr, Castray, and we should not alone on his authority, Similar assurances had been given to gentlemen not candidates, but who sought to penetrate the Ministerial mind on the subject. Should the Premier still adhere to his denial that his colleagues have disregarded their promises, will he venture to ask for a committee of inquiry ? We promise him that he shall have other witnesses than Mr. Castray. " Now, that was a direct charge against two Ministers of the Crown, that they had pledged themselves to a certain gentleman to support him in his application for the position of Usher of the Black Rod, and that they had failed to fulfil that promise and had literally broken it. He found by reference to a letter from Mr. Castray that had appeared in the previous day's Tribune, that that gentleman said ;-"For the following facts I can vouch. When, and hot before I was informed that the late Usher had retired, I aided qpoq the hon. Mr, Reibey and informed him, that I was an applicant for the vacant a,ppolqtiqont, He said that he had been looking up precedents, for the filling up of such appointments, and found that in the House of Lords the appointment of the Usher of the Black Rod was made upon the nomination of the Lord Chancellor, and the appointment of Sergeant at-Arms upon the nomination of the Speaker in the House of Commons and addressing himself to me, said we intend to not accordingly-that whoever Sir James Wilson nominates as Usher of the Black Rod will be appointed by the Government. This he repeated two or three times, adding, and if you, Mr. Castray, are nominated by the President, you will be appointed. I cannot say more.' I answered, certainly not; and expressed my thanks for the oomiqumoation. J afterwards saw the lion. late. Dodds, who repeated the very ' words used by the Hon. Mr.' Reibey, minus the reference to myself personally." He (the Colonial Secretary) had no recollection of Mr. Castray's calling upon him officially at all, but he had a distinct recollection of meeting Mr. Castray in the street opposite to his hotel, Mr. Castray told him then and there that he had 'spoken for the situation, He (the Colonial Secretary) in conversation with Mr. Castray, told him of the action he had' taken sob Premier on a former occasion when the same appointment had to be made, that he followed the course taken in another country by consulting the President of the Upper House, and by asking him to nominate a gentleman for the office. In that conversation he told Mr. Castray that he had no power to make a direct promise to appoint his or any one else to that or any other' office,' for that tqq luqiqhoraaf the present Ministry had when taking office signed a written agreement not to make any promises of appointments without the previous consideration and concurrence of the Cabinet. He told Mr. Castray that the action of the Government would be as follows :-The President of the Legislative Council would be called upon to nominate and if the gentleman so nominated were acceptable to the Legislative Council, and to the Executive-and to the Executive would be appointed. Mr. Castray pressed, him, to take, direct promise, but he told Mr. Castray he had no right to ask Him to' die anything of this kind. Mr. Castray then asked if he would be personally objectionable to him (the Colonial Secretary), and he replied certainly not, he had no reason to say that such a nomination would be objectionable to him, adding that if the gentleman nominated by the President were acceptable to the members of the Council and the Executive, he would of course disappointed. These were the facts, and the hon. the Attorney-General would bear Upon out, and state that he gave the game answer. Under these i)Iicui||iitanoea it was manifestly crqol"And unfair that a Minister of the Crown should, be charged, in public, and certainly in another place, with fu.lB.eh.aqd for acting as he had i\m\q. He would lay the whole of the correspondence on the table of the House, but before he did so, felt bound, in justice to himself, to call attention to a statement in Mr, Castray's letter, that he had made no application for the appointment of Usher until the late holder of it had resigned. It was found on the contrary that Mr. Castray a application was in fact placed in the Colonial Secretary's office long before the late Usher was suspended or resigned. It was placed in the Colonial Secretary's office without a date, with a request that the Assistant Colonial, Secretary would put on the date whenever the appointment became Vacant,' in order that when it occurred the application might be in good time. He placed the whole cqrresnfluqtinpo Qfl W W» <$ the lÍQUs.0 recently the Ministry had nothing to fear. They had but one desire to consult the wishes of members of the House and of the Legislative Cow will, and if anyone had been nominated acceptable to both Council and Executive he would no doubt have been appointed. He personally, did not care a Iii,' for anything he might be cmlM, list Um iWvion of a smithy or the shown in this colony was worse than that of a dog. If he was earnest, '' he was misrepresented, and his actions were misconstrued. If he desired to do his best, he was maligned. ' _ ' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL thought it due that he should, as far as he could, corroborate the statement made to the Home by the Colonial Secretary, and also state what he had himself said with regard to the appointment. He did not think that the matter should, have been brought forward, but in the ColooM Secretary had thought it desirable, he would bear willing testimony, . Mr. Castray had called at his office, and he had told him substantially what the Colonial Secretary had also said that no appointments would be made without the concurrence of a majority of members of the Cabinet. Mr. Castray told him in return that the Colonial Secretary had told him substantially the same thing. He then told Mr. Castray that he could say no more, and so the matter ends j. The SPEAKER said the hon. gentleman had taken the only course open to him to set himself right with the public. The House had no power whatever to go further, and to punish anyone outside itself for a breach of its privileges. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had not desired to do anything of the kind. He only desired to set himself right, and had taken the stop at the request of others. He would move that the correspondence be printed. Mr. GIBLIN had not seen the papers, and did not desire to do so, but he thought it would be a waste of time to print them. The hon. the Colonial Secretary had set himself right with the House, and of course the House would accept his statement as conclusive. (Hear, hear.) The subject then dropped. ROAD DISTRICTS. Mr. HENRY moved that all papers and correspondence having reference to the alterations of the boundaries of the Deloraine and Exton road districts, by the late Government, be laid upon the table of this House. In doing so he complained that the representations of the residents in the districts had not been considered by the late Government, is taking the course they adopted. Mr. MEREDITH seconded the motion. Mr. GIBLIN had no objection to the papers being produced, and had no doubt that when the late Minister of Lands was in his place he would be able to give a satisfactory explanation of the division made The motion was then agreed to. TRAVELLING EXPENSES. Mr. MEREDITH in moving that the House resolve itself into a Committee to consider an address to be presented to His Excellency, praying that he will cause provision to be made for the payment of the travelling expenses of members of the Legislature to and from their homes during the sittings of Parliament, said that an arrangement had been made with Mr. Grant, by which members had travelled free on the Railway, in expectation that the necessary funds would be granted by Parliament for the purpqBO. He had availed himself of the privilege and had signed the Vouchers, believing the House would recognise them. Nineteen members out of the thirty two, had availed themselves of the privilege. Mr. GIBLIN : No, only twelve. The seven others only approved of the system. Mr. MEREDITH accepted the correction, and as the Colonial Treasurer had placed the sum of £700 on the Supplemental y Estimates, for the purpose he had intended to advocate, he would not proceed further with the motion. NEW TOWN TELEGRAPH OFFICE. Mr. DOBSON'S motion for the House to resolve itself into a Committee to consider an address to be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that a Telegraph Office may he opened at New Town, for the receipted transmission of messages was postponed for a week, CROWN LANDS RENTALS. Mr. MITCHELL asked the Minister of Lands why the resolution of the House agreed to on the fifth day of September last to the effect " That the rental of all Crown lands, whether pastoral, mineral, or otherwise, be collected half-yearly in advance, on the first days of January and July in every year after tf)0 present," has not been carried into effect. The MINISTER OF LANDS replied that a difficulty had arisen, inasmuch as a resolution of Parliament could not override the Act of Parliament, 34 Vict., No. 10, Sec. 79, of which provided that the rent received by every license granted under certain provisions of that Act, should be payable half-yearly in advance on the first days of April and October in each year. The point desired by the hon. member could, no doubt, be attained by amendments which could be inserted in the Waste Lands Act now before the House, DEVON ROAD. Mr. MEREDITH moved that the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to consider an Address to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will be pleased to cause to be placed on the estimates such adequate amos as he may deem expedient for the construction of the following roads ¡ viz. the Castra Road in the County of Devon, and the North Motton Road in the County of Devon. He would not proceed with the motion at this period of the session but be satisfied with having brought the matter forward. He had perfect confidence in the Minister of Lands. (Laughter.) The motion lapsed. MESSAGE. The PREMIER and Mr. Cameron brought a message from the Council stating that that House had passed with amendments the Appropriation Bill and Supply i monthly Appropriation Bill for the first six months of 1879, , ,",. Ou.the.mation of the COLONIAL TREASURER, it was agreed to take the message into consideration after the private business, TASMANIAN COUNCIL OF EDUCATION AND SCHOLARSHIP BILL. Mr. GIBLIN in moving the second reading of this bill, claimed the indulgence of the House to say a few words on the general question of education, and explain why the Bill did not deal with certain defects, which, they must all be aware, were found in our educational system. The Bill was a very simple one, and had but one object, namely, to empower the Council of Education to fix by bye-laws the day from which the age of candidates would be computed. He would explain to the House that the examination in connection with the Council of Education, both for the A A degree and the higher privilege of the Tasmanian Scholarship, were usually conducted in the month of September or October, but it had been thought desirable to make a change in the time for holding the exasperation, quit) if there were no legal difficulties in the way, it was probable the Council of Education would alter the time to the month of December, in order that the examinations might take place shortly before the ordinary Christmas vacation, and this, he believed, would be found very convenient both for the pupils and the masters. But unless the Council had some additional power it could hardly make such a change without, in all probability, doing injustice to some competitors, It was well known to hon. members that the candidates for the A. A- degree, and still more actor the Tasmanian scholarship, undergo a preparation extending over a number of years, and knowing that the examination had usually been In September or October, they had calculated what their ages would be reckoning by the existing law, namely, at the time when the examination took place. If the examinations were postponed for three months, some who otherwise would be able to compete would be shut out from competition. The simple power therefore asked for in this bill should be given, and the Council would take great care that no injustice was done to any competitor. He took this opportunity of saying a few words on the wider question of the present state of superior education of of this colony. He did not, as was stated in a public journal, act as spokesman of the Council of Education, although he had) the honour of being a member of that body. He did not speak with the authority of the Council, although he believed some of the members of the Council would concur in the view he had taken, He thought the time had arrived when a comprehensive survey should be taken of our system of superior education. It had now been in force- eighteen years, and under it twenty-two young men had been admitted to the Tasmanian Scholarship, and 190 persons had been admitted to the A A degree. But the question had been suggested in this House, whether the expenditure that had been incurred was money well expended, and whether the system was the best that could be devised. He knew that some members of the Council of Education thought that the present system was not the best that could be devised, and that it was susceptible of very great improvement, He knew that in some quarters there was a very strong feeling that our present system of Tasmanian Scholarship was not what it ought to be, and for one reason, amongst others, namely, that at the present time that the obtaining of a Scholarship is dependent on a single individual that was to say, that there was but a single educational establishment in the colony, capable of training young men for an examination, for the Tasmanian Scholarship. He did not think that was 'wise-that a large and liberal State provision such as we were making, should be dependent upon the casual chance of there being a single educational institution where candidates would be trained. Did he desire to detain the House, he could point out many ways in which this was an injustice. But it might be said, "What (is it, you, desire. to be done?" He submitted for the consideration of the Government, whether it would not be desirable during the request,' that a Royal Commission should be appointed, composed of those gentlemen whom the Government might select, and who were known to be interested in this question, and who would have power to fully investigate the whole system of superior] education. He might mention many reasons why at the present time, more than at formerly in, this colony, engaged in educational work, and which now- possessed large endowments for educational purposes l he referred to the institution known as Christ's. College. The hon. Colonial Secretary was very familiar with the past history of that institution in fact, It was owing to his exertions that the revenues of the institution had been brought up, so that now the council of the college had a revenue of £1,200 a year available for educational purposes, late (Mr. Giblin) held in his hand certain printed ejectments, some of which are letters of the Colonial Secretary's, and llowvu'PtM till- Peeramon the point to which he was now alluding of the Colonial Secretary a in those documents were quell as would commend themselves to this house, when he said that it was a matter for regret to his (Mr. Giblin's) mind as well as to the minds of hon, members that the educational endowment of Christ's College should be narrowed down to the interests of a single ecclesiastical denomination. (Hear, hear.) He thought if the college was upon a liberal basis, it would be well au.p,ßo?tad by the people of the colony in the. form of additional endowment, ptx\\(.\ there would be the nucleus of a possible University. 'So longs Christ's College was a branch of a single church, there would be many liberal persons who would not readily respond to an appeal on its behalf. The present Colonial Secretary, in January 1874- speaking of his intention to endow the institution with, a. scholarship- auld he was prepared to fulfil his promise whenever the college had, a liberal constitution and a large number of people would readily assist an institution with a liberal basis, who would not assist it if it were a sectarian Institution. Nothing, of course, could be done in this matter without the aid of Parliament and that was why he hoped the Government would consider the question when other matters. were not in pressing its They were lit the morning, and appoint a' Royal Commission, to believed it was possible for rain arrange about to be made whereby such an, institution, as this might be made useful under qipj present boys team qf'Biiporiqr education,, 'ena whereby they might conserve those (great and high interests for which He founders originally subscribed their money, He believed the object of the founders was not to secure advantages-to a single ecolcslaatloat denomination, but to secure a high-class educational institution for the young men of the colony. But that purpose could to only be effected, by a? full, of, (fat Legislature. Some time ago there was an equity suit in the Supreme Court, with regard to this college, and the question was raised whether by the aid of a judicial decision, the basis of the college could be widened ; but it was a matter which only the Legislature could enter into, because many of the founders had passed away, and it might be a matter of controversy as to whether the ecclesiastical idea was dominant in the minds of the founders. He did not think it was so and he believed the Colonial Secretary would agree with him. [The Colonial SEoncrARY: Hear, hear,] He therefore trusted that in the interests of superior education, the Government would see fit to appoint a commission. That commission might gather evidence, both from within the colony and without it evidence by letter might be obtained from Sydney and Melbourne, which would be useful in this matter, so that in a few months the whole question might be dealt with in a bill of a larger extent than the one _ before the House. He would not submit a bill of such scanty proportions as this one, if he could see his way for a larger and more liberal measure ; but a small amendment of the law was necessary, and therefore he took the opportunity to ask for this bill, and to call the attention of the Government and the House to the larger question involved in the interests of superior education. The COLONIAL SECRETARY agreed with much that had fallen from the hon. member for Wellington. He remembered when Christ's College was originally considered by one of Tasmania's best Governor's, Sir John Franklin, who was the largest contributor out of his own private means, the object was not to make it a sectarian institution, but a college for the education of the youth of Tasmania, not for the. members of any particular church. If hon, members would read what was said by the Rev. J. P. Gell and Bishop Nixon, they must be convinced that the object of the founders was to found a school in Tasmania, like the large public schools in England, ultimately, in future years, to become a University. He hoped the day was not far distant when the Legislature would take this matter into its earnest consideration, because he knew that, at the present time, there were men who subscribed towards that institution, who object to the attempt now being made to hasten its re-opening, and who would gladly give their support Would come forward and found scholarships of the re- opening were delayed for a time until the college could be placed upon a farm and liberal basis, such as would be acceptable to the inhabitants of the colony. He had taken a deep interest in the institution for many years, For twenty years he struggled to bring the College estate out of its difficulties, and he was thankful to say he succeeded, and he hoped the Church of England would stay its hands before it attempted to reopen the institution upon a basis which would not be acceptable to the general public. The hon, member for Wellington was rather beyond the mark when he said that the income was 1)1,200 a-year. Large deductions had to be made from that. He thanked the hon. member for drawing attention to the subject, and if he remained in office or in the House, he should give his earnest support to any measure which would make Christ's College what its founders intended it to be what he himself, when he offered to found a scholarship intended it to be-not an institution attached to the Church of England, but a public school for the benefit of the youth of Tasmania. Mr. MITCHÇELL oak he had always been under the impression that Christ's College was purely a Church of England institution and he would ask the Colonial Secretary if the list of subscribers embraced any other persons than those belonging to that church. He believed it was purely a Church of England institution, and it was not right to interfere with it. Was not the Warden a Church of England clergymen, Mr. DOBSON said he did not think; hon. member for Wellington intended the Legislature to take any high.h.an<bjd proceedings regarding the College, a compromise might be effected. He was glad the question had been raised, because many lads were at present deterred from competing for the Tasmanian Scholarship on account of the expense £100 a year necessary to pay for their being educated up to the standard. If this institution were partly subsidised by the State, it would give a large amount of teaching power, and boys could be educated at a small expense, H this was to be a done of course the State must afford some assistance in return for the partial surrender of the sectarian character of the college. He did not think it possible to disconnect it entirely from the Church of England. He hoped the Government would appoint a Royal Commission to make the fullest enquiry, and that the Council of Christ's College would have an opportunity of spying how far they intended to go. The Government should proceed in this matter as soon as business would allow. The bill was read a second time, and the House went into committee. On clause 1, Mr. DOOLEY expressed on opinion that the Council of Education had already too much power in its hands. Neither the Board nor the Council of Education did the work they were expected to do. Very few young people indeed could compete for the scholarships, and there were many people who thought the money ought not to be paid out of the general revenue. He did not concur in the bill. Mr. WHITEHEAD did not agree with the hon. member for East Devon that the Education Act only benefitted Hobart Town and Launceston. He cited cases coming under his own observation of several youths at Evandale obtaining a scholarship or A.A. Deqreo. Dr, BUTLER deprecated extending the discussion to the whole of the Tasmanian system of education. He thanked the hon. member for Wellington for fore- shadowing a large educational question, which he trusted would at no distant date come under the consideration of the House. He disagreed with the statement that some of the rich benefitted by the parties under the Council of Education. On the contrary, he felt great contentment at the fact of the large majority of the Scholarships having been won by students, whose parents were without the means to give them the ghost education. The Bill was passed through Committee without amendments, and, on being reported to the House, was read the third time, and passed through its remaining stages. WAYS AND MEANS. The COLONIAL TREASURER desired to call the attention of the House to the fact of the estimates sent up to another place having been cut down one half, and supplies granted for only six, instead of twelve months, as passed by the House of Assembly, The estimates for twelve months had almost unanimously passed the House of Assembly. Yet the Council had assumed the right of dictating to that House, and had rejected the proposals of that House. He hardly knew the reason for this step being taken, probably it was because the Council had no confidence in the present administration, or in the House of Assembly, or on the ordinary subject of the supply of Ways and Means. The Council had refused to supply the Government with the necessary Ways and Means, to carry on the business of the country. It would be impossible for the Government to go on properly with the business of the country with such limited supplies as for six months only, of which period only six weeks yet remained. Only six weeks remained for the Government not only to bring up proposals for raising revenue as required by the Council, but also to come up with their complete scheme and policy for the year 1880. It was practically impossible to do this. (Hear, hear,) They would be running into the month of June almost before there could be a recess, as it was then the 15th May, and there was a good deal to do, before they could terminate the session. There would thus be no time for the Government to do the amount of business. If they were going to fight the battle for supplies this year, he would say when that period arrived he would say that the House of Assembly had spoken before the country that the Ministry should have supplies for the year. He did not feel inclined to take less. (Hear, hear.) He would not take less (hear, hear,) not if he could help it. (Loud laughter.) It was no replaying with the matter of finances in the way it had been played with for a long period. (Hear, hear.) They were the laughing stock of the whole colony for the way that the finances of the country had been and were being dealt with. They were always short of means to carry on the Government. The House should fearlessly do its duty, and not allow what it had done to be buried in another place should not allow to be sent baok'thoirpioposalB giving them only 10s. in, the s? for what they asked. He felt that it was no use trifling with a matter of this kind, it was necessary to say to the other House, "We are firm, in taking the course we intend to take ; the Government, as well as the House of Assembly, desire these supplies, which have been caused by a large majority of the House, and we appeal to the Council to have gone, regard and respect for the House of Assembly, and deal with same liberality than they had done with the granting of Minutes,,'' Holding those views, he would move : " That this House bath felt it to be its duty to agree to the amendments of the Legislative Council in the Appropriation Bill and Supplementary Appropriation Bill for the year 1879, and begs now to return the same to the Council for further consideration." The ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded the resolution. Mr. GIBLIN sold the hon. Colonial Treasurer invited them to remit to the L?ç|alati,ve Council for reconsideration his AppropriatUm 1911 for the balance of 1879. Before doing so they should see if there was not some other and better course to follow. The hon, gentleman had told them why the Council had taken the course they had done in regard to the Appropriation hills And he (Mr. Giblin) thought that it they were to discuss with moderation and temperance the question that they must, at least, endeavour to understand, why the Council had thought fit to reduce supplies, by one-half after they had been voted by the majority of the House of Assembly The SPEAKER The hon. m.em.ber will not be the order if he refers to, the usage of another place, He may only proceed UPON hypothesis. Mr. GIBLIN took it that if that House was dis | cussing that evening the question whether or not they should refuse to, agree in the action of the Legislative Council, or' whether they should hold! back their amendment for their reconsideration that they must have latitude to speculate upon the motives which governed the action of another place. However, he had no wish to dispute the ruling of the Speaker, and would therefore proceed upon hypothesis, as was done in the House of Commons on needful occasions. Sud pose, then, that an Administration came into office at the end of a prolonged session, of Parliament. Sense that the, party which they represented had for? many months, by showing continuous opposition, succeeded in harassing the preceding Government until they had compelled them to resign their position, near suppose that the new administration had been thus formed, with a full knowledge of the difficulties which surrounded the situation, difficulties which they avowed their ability and determination to grapple with, in a bold and determined manner. [Mr. Rkiuky : So we have.] He (Mr Giblin) was only supposing as yet, and it was much too soon to make the application just now. Well, I suppose when the Quyeiiu mont came into office, they pledged; themselves to deal with the situation in " a bold and resolute manner. Suppose that when they ask for supplies, they are asked to liu*lon,to home of their financial policy, to which they apply, we will do so in time, our shores is, not quite ripe yet, it has not quite close to completion, but if supplies are granted We will quickly come down with an elaborate extension to their' policy, and set before you the measures necessary to redeem the fineness the country. Still, supposing that such an administration obtain supplies, and an adjournment of both branches of the Legislature takes place to allow the Ministry time to redeem its engagement. Suppose there v\'aaumajorlty in the popular branches the Legislature Which did not insist on keeping Ministers to the fulfilment of their engagement, but was content to pass supplies for the remainder of the year, and. suppose that majority of the House that was not popular, taking a more business like view of the situation, said we have not before us the policy of the Administration ¡ we have before us expenditure manifestly in excess of the public revenue. We have no certainty that the deficiency between the proposed expenditure and the revenue will be made up in a reasonable manner whatever Therefore, until we know what the taxing proposals will be, we will not grant supplies for the whole ear But having been informed by the Premier of the Administration that it is the intention of the Ministry to meet Parliament again in July, they propose to limit supplies to the last week in July, so that the financial proposals may be considered Under such circumstances, and hon. members would be at no loss in tracing the analogy, he thought the Government would be acting prudently if they accepted the supplies which were granted, and brought the session, which was only being continued now after a 10 or 11 months owing to the greater annual income sentence of many hon. members, to a speedy termination The Government could then take the time necessary to perfect their proposals, which were radically vicious, and utterly unworkable, as he would be able to prove them to be if necessity arose Under these circumstances the Government could be commended for their produce if they accepted supplies to the end of July and prorogued the House Their proposals could not pass in their present shape, for their defects were structural, and not in det ills that might be amended in committee, and he would tell them by revising them during the recess, which he urged them to obtain, they would strengthen their position in the House and with the country It would not be reasonable to accept the Colonial Treasurer's proposal and send back to the Council without any proper grounds being shown a question which had already been fully discussed and deliberately decided upon As he had said, the Government would, if they took his advice, bring the session to a close, perfect their policy at leisure, and bring it up whole and as nearly as possible perfect, instead of as now piecemeal and ill considered for the consideration of Parliament The COLONIAL SECRETARY hoped the Colonial Treasurer would not take the hon. member for West lington's advice. He was surprised to hear the hon. member enunciate such views as he had more than once heard him deprecate any interference from another place with the duties of that House In his (Mr lleibcj 's) opinion for them to accept the six months' supplies would be to ignore their privileges and abandon their duty The non-payment of the civil servants which had occurred more than once before was discreditable to the reputation of the colony Hon members of that House were the representatives of the people, and to submit to the dictation of another place would be to betray their trust The hon gentleman quoted some extracts from the despatches of Sir Michael Hicks Beach on the Vic toil m crisis, to show that the power of the purse was vested in the Lower House [An hon member That's not under our constitution ] It unfortunately was not under our constitution, But the unfortunate form of Government e sitting in Tasmania would have to be changed j the current of events would compel a change to be made He (Mr Reibey) was not one who desired to see a conflict between the two Houses of the Legislature He would rather see both Houses work hand in hand If the Ministry accepted the proposals of another place, and took six weeks longer to enable them to pay the Civil servants, to keep faith with the contractors and those employed by the Govern- mental the Ministry were required during that time to bring up the Estimates and Ways and Means for 1880, would any four or five hon gentlemen on the opposite side of the House say it was reasonable ' were any four or five members a on the Opposition side of the House prepared to do so ' If they were able to do so I and received the support of the House, then let them come to hand and take the seats at present occupied by those on the Treasury benches. He mains and it was utterly impossible tqneoeptthe proposals emanating from another place It would be noise than folly to attempt to do so, and therefore the Treasurer was honest in stating that he was not prepared to a cept the proposals, and to submit to being placed in such a humiliating position He contended, in reply to the remarks of the leader of the Opposition, that the present Ministry had as soon as possible brought in their taxing proposals, and had clearly shown to the country what they believed would enable the Coi em mont to meet its expenditure, and to maintain its credit The country at large had known what that policy was, and devious invitations had been issued through the press and by other means for the people to express, an opinion in opposition to such policy, the country had been Client And, as far as he knew, the voice of the owner was in favour of the policy of the present Administration. (Hear, hear, from the Ministerial benches, and cries of dissent from the Opposition ). The feeling of the country was in favour of a property and income tax 'The feeling of the country was in favour of a just and equitable system of taxation [Mr, Gun(N Hear, hear J And that was what the property and income tax was There might be defects in the bill, but it was for all hon, members to co-operate in altering and amending the hill, so as to remedy those defects When the present Ministry were striving to turn out the late Administration, it was said by the then holders of office that their opponents should be prepared to submit a better policy than was then brought for wild, TMr GimiN They said they were ] And the present holders of office gave proof that they were. (Laughter from Mr Giblin and the Opposition ) The hon. gentleman Know from the utterances made by the members of the present Administration, when sitting on the opposite side of the House, what then policy would be, because he was told that he would command the support he submitted a property and incline tax It in an ungenerous and unto us of the hon. member for Wellington to say the present administration had failed at the very earliest moment to say, there is the policy we propose, in place of that we rejected He felt it to be very difficult to deal with the question, inasmuch as it was almost impossible for him to say what he felt in without a repassing, and without mem hug the risk of being called to order 'the position of things at the present moment was th a That was the popular branch of Legislature of the country, the House of Commons so to speak And respecting that House, Bqgohot had written that it was a House that had the power, the purse strings, which was the power of taxing! and he went on to say "If the Lower House bring in a system of taxation, the House of Lords simply invites its own destruction, if it attempts to prevent the policy of the Government being carried on And what was attempted at the present time it by what they might evil the House of Lords of Tas mania, was to take away the functions of the Govern- mont, and the power of the House of Assembly out of its own hands The Upper House had no right what ever to have, to direct that House (Oh ') His Legislative Council simply had the light of rejecting altogether, but not of amending or directing Mr GIBLIN Pardon me 'The SPEAKER The hon, member is not in order, Mr REIBEY Y, . antiquity, said there were one or two questions which he would like to refer to. An hon member in another place had said as treasurer heretofore had ever brought in the revenue of the country to its expenditure. 'The SPEAKER said the hon. member must not quote the utterances of a member of another place Mr, REIBEY would suppose then that an hon. member in another place had said that no treasurer had ever brought the level of the colony up to the expenditure They had the fact for the first time in the history of the colony, and he was proud to give utterance to it, that they had a tro untrer who was prepared by his system of taxation to bring" up the income to the expenditure, He felt the inability to refer to arguments which. had been adduced elsewhere in opposition to the proposals of the Government very greatly Notwithstanding the advice which had been given by the hon the leader of the Opposition, he felt it was his duty to state that the present Administration did not intend to accept the proposals of another place, and the reponsibility must rest where it deserved to rest, [Mr Giuux Hear, hear ] Mr GELLIBRAND contended that there was no precedent for the Government asking the, House to pass the Appropriation ?"'" before the Ways and Means, and new taxation were situated Because the present Government had secured what had been termed a miserable majority of one, and had actually forced their measures through that House, that was no reason why an, old established puntudo should be departed from, It was first in the memory of most of the members how the present Ministry came into power, and the promises they then made 'they pro raised to be dug up measures of taxation, which they had submitted to the House, but which had never been passed, one of the members on the Ministerial side of the House delivering a most for able speech in oppose line to them 'But House had no light, to depart from an old established principle, and, it was not wise for them to a juror with another; branch of the Looks future because they did not see matters in the same light Great leniency had been shown to the present Government, because they had asked for, and had even prayed for mercy (Hear, hear, from the Opposition IVid laughter from the Ministerial benches ) It was very questionable whether the taxing- Bill would pass, that House when it was submitted He was spent Ing without bomD partisans (Beinhorn;, and laughter ) It was only fair, right, and reasonable that before the Appropriation Bill was sent forward, that the new taxation should be. approved by that House He alluded tow hat had been quoted, by the Colonial Secretary with regard to the Legislative Council of Victoria, and both brushware the Louisia time in thud, and contended that they were not all like a race, owing to the Houses being differently constituted Ila contended by deprecating being dr used into a tasty quarrel I between the two Houses, rapidly for the purpose of gratifying a fancy or whim of certain "outlines Mr Ml KLDIiH was very "glad the Ministry had, announced their intention not to accept the pro posals of another House 'the object of, those pro- posers was simply to make the members of this House how to themselves in the eyes of the whole of the constituencies if the Ministry were to, suUuU to such an insult as was contained in the proposals of another pit p?, he should vote that they)), were incapable of governing the colony of Tasmania, References had L0911 made to Victoria, and, to. the temper nil Parliament Now, he defied any Pfiisoii to cite a single instance where the House of Lords over altered an Appropua turn Bill which had been sent up by the House of Congupna He protested against the obstructions made Ivy another plate, and objected to the supplies, being reduced to six months When he was 111 office something similar was attempted, and he was asked to apologise for the action he then took, but he dofipcUho members of another place, and would, not be at [Mr Gun is wanted] They ordered. him, to go and wake an apology, but he declined to do 50, and told them he would bear them in extremity first 'Busy attempted to assume the right % control of do>j>rtiiionts, and now they sought to make executive appointments The SPEAlÇL'Rj X hope the hon, member 13 not referring to another branch of the Legislature Mr MlUUiDITH said Oh dea.ne (Laughter ), If. the House submitted to the proposal of another place), it would be no use to legislate at all, they would have to send 0 memorandum, saying, "Mr Lewis presents his compliments to Mr. Chapman, and will be be kind enough to uuluMto well it mo united will be allowed to pass " The question was, were they to govern, or to be crowned ' He preferred to govern, and objected to, be turned into ridicule by-law w either not say the hon. member for Buckingham, but the hon member for "DomUtain" Mr GIBLIN explained that when he interrupted the hon member he was desirous of pointing out that when Sir Meredith was Treasurer 1111870, the House sent up a bill for four months supplies for lb-77, and the Upper House cut it down to three months, an amendment which was sanctioned by the House of Assembly. I Uf, HmPfXm WA two wrongs did not make a *"**-***1-*??**-*?»*?*****---»»«-..»m,., right. At the time referred to the other House demanded that he should make an apology, but he did not do so, and the House was prorogued, for three months in consequence. ',; , Mr. BALFE said that the crisis at which they had arrived was not to be lightly treated. He did not desire to provoke a contest with the Council, but he contended that the Council were the aggressors. He did not deny the accuracy of the assertion that they had not exceeded their powers, but asserted that if they did so insist upon their technical rights they made Constitutional Government impossible in this colony. The House of Lords had a similar right, but did not exercise it, because they know it was incompatible with Constitutional Government. The principal they ought to carry out was that laid down by Sir Michael Hicks- , Beach only the other day that the power of the purse should rest with the representatives of the people, and not with the so called Legislative Councils. He denied the right of the Council to assume authority over the Government, making the House of Assembly subsidiary to it. They were asked for the sake of concilia- tion to resign like towards the protection of the constitution and abandon the cause of Liberal Government by which he meant constitutional Government as enjoyed by the British people. Were they to resign like unfaithful stewards the liberties they were sent to the House to protect. He said, No, and that it would be a disgrace for them to accept the terms offered by the Council. He knew the strong current of feeling that existed with regard to the dictation of that branch of the Legislature, and he never could believe that the House or the country would submit to it. -as Mr. MITCHELL said that the hon. member for. West Hob 'it had completely shirked the real question before the House in the speech that he had made, for he had omitted to give them the reason why the Council had acted as it had done. If the House of Assembly had sent up the Ways and Means with the Appropriation Bill, as they had always done in the past, kin this discussion would have been unnecessary. What could be more inconsistent than the action of the hon. member for West Devon who had been in the habit of saying, time after time, " Keep the Appropriation Bill under lock and key. Pass the Appropriation Bill, and we are all shut up directly." What a change had now come over the hon. member, who wanted the Appropriation Bill pushed through. before they had decided as to the Ways and Means. The income tax was a very difficult subject to prepare a bill upon, and he supposed the Hon. the Attorney General knew about as much about it as he did. He hoped the Treasurer would not press the motion. > Mr. WHITEHEAD thought it would be far better to accept the amendment of the Legislative Council. An hon. member in addressing the House had said that the Appropriation Bill was based on the universal consent of that House, but it was not so. True there had been no division, though if there had it was probable that the Government would only have had their majority of one. The Opposition had, however, not felt disposed to adopt the tactics used in the earlier part of the session, and he had allowed the bill to peel without a division, and without delay ; but that did not justify the Colonial Treasurer in saying what he had done. It was stated that the Government policy was approved by the country, but he could tell the hon. gentleman that since their bill for providing additional taxation had been issued a farm section of the electors, especially in the North, - had condemned the bill entirely. The need for it was not acknowledged, and the scheme proposed were considered a vicious one, not desirable or suitable to the requirements of the colony, and he believed the same opinion would be very generally expressed in the House before the bill was passed. For the hardships from which the Civil Servants were suffering, noöne was responsible but the Ministry. (Hear, hear.) They could have taken the month's supplies and have paid the salaries, but they did not choose to do so, and re- lying on their majority of one refused to adopt the suggestion which he thought very desirable. They heard a great deal about Constitutional Government, but it was absurd in this small colony with a population not altogether numbering that of agoodBized towns. in England, to speak of their two Houses as analogous in position to the House of Commons and the House of Lords. What a force it was to do so ! He under- took to say that any four sensible men could, if they had the pay, govern the colony and got through the necessary work far better than the two Houses of their Parliament now did. It was a perfect farce to compare this small community with other communities in Europe, and the circumstances were entirely different. He was dead now, and had always been so, that they had another place to review their measures after they passed them, and it would be a had day for the colony if the Assembly ever attained to finality in the decision. He would vote against the motion of the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. BELBIN hoped the motion would not be pressed to a division or persisted in any longer. There were very strong grounds for the action taken by the Council, and for the amendments they had made. What were the arguments they had used? They said very truly that if they passed the bill they were committing themselves to an expenditure of £36,000 which there were no Ways and Means to meet, and the argument was quite incontrovertible. He hoped the Government would yet accept it as such. As to the House suffering indignity and compromisingitsolfbyacoepttng the Council's amendments, he would urge that if they were going into collision with the Council let it be on safe grounds. He hoped the Treasurer would accept the three months' supplies, and send up the Ways and Means. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it appeared to him that hon. members had lost sight of the real question before the House. They had set up two Appropriation Bills to the Council, which, after being taken into consideration the, had been amended and seek back again. Constitutionally, they could hardly object to the course taken, because by the Constitution Act the powers of the two Chambers were co-ordinate, except as to the initiation of money bills. It would be difficult to raise the constitutional, question on this point, nor did he think that, anyone desired to do so. The arguments taken by the Legislative Council had been asserted, by the member for South Hobart to be incontrovertible, but they were not so. He was of opinion that if the other branch of the legislature had desired simply to act constitutionally, it would not have sent this bill back to the House because the Taxing Bill had not been sent up to it. If they had wanted to take the constitutional course they would have waited till the Taxing Bill was sent up to them, and have said to the Premier that they could not accept the Appropriation Bill until the other was before them. This was the true position, and no hon. member could say that it was not so. He could not speak freely about the subject without infringing the mica of the House, but he could say that he did not believe the Council wished to act con- stitutionally, or they could have done so. It was only fair that the rich should pay their proper shore of taxation. Surely the wealthy classes did not wish to escape this liability. The Government desired to relieve suffering humanity by more evenly distribut- ing the burdens of taxation. The proposals of the late Government were of a most burdensome character. The policy of the present Ministry was said to be un- workable. Then it was the duty of every hon. member to make it workable. (Hear, hear). He was thankful for thoorittuismtheschemoliad received in depressive would enable him to improve it in committee. Forewarned was for canned. It was quite true, as had been said that he had had very little Parliamentary experience, and still less knowledge of drafting bills, but he had been aided in drafting the bill before the House by a gentleman who was familiar with the working of the income Tax in England. He defied any hon. member in the House-oven hon, member for Wellington to draft a perfect taxing bill of the kind. In regard to the feeling of the country upon the Government policy, he would point to the meeting held at Launceston this week, at which only seven hands were held up against this policy, which was evidence of its finding favour among the people. He denounced as untrue the statement of hon, member for Ringwood that the Ministerial members supported, but did not believe in the Ministerial policy. Were they simply, then, believing the Government No. And on their behalf he flung back with scorn the fool insinuation. The Ministry had a united and compact majority, showing a bold front, composed of men who supported their 111008111-03 from a conviction that they were for the country's, good, and would do all in their power to make them the law of the land. They had been told to accept the " six months' supplies. Six weeks' supplies was what was really meant The Ministry would not submit to having supplies doled out of this month by mouth ; if they were worthy of governing the colony at all they were worthy of being entrusted with supplies. They would not endure being placed in such a humiliating position of receiving supplies a month at a time, but they were ready to test their fitness at the hands of the country it lion, monitors desired it. The Council had taken an extreme course in reducing; the aiipplAjs. Technically, no doubt, they held the power to do so that they ought not to exercise it, but follow the precedent of the English House of Lords, which, for the last HOO years, had not interfered with the character of a money bill. If they thought fit, the Council might have postponed dealing with the l'Mlmatcs until the taxing Bill was sent on to them, but the notion which had been taken could not be justified, seeing that the Appropriation Bill had twice passed the Lower House. Thus, seeing that it was the will of the people's representatives that the Bill should become jaw, be maintained that the Council should not have taken the course it had done. The SPEAKER : Order, order. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL went on to, say that Earl Grey Kinka with great weight and experience, when, in addressing the House of Commons upon the. Tasmanian Constitution at its for man won, he said that it would not work. Seeing that his prediction had been. snaecmatoly fulfilled, surely the Constitution giving as, it did to the Council, the power to, alter a money bill, had proved under Kuhle, and the sooner it was altered the sooner would a be Her spirit prevail between the two Houses. Mr DOBSON said the Attorney-General! had travelled all round the points of the compass in his speech, introducing a large amount of matter extraneous to the subject under discussion. The honourable gentleman had admitted that the Taxing Bill should have been sent up to the Council with the Appropriation Bill, an adnuMioa which involved the whole point at issue. It was noticeable that even such eminent constitutional authorities as hon. member for West Hobart and the Attorney-General differed in their judgment upon this point. As for the solid phalanx of supporters the Attorney-General boasted of, he (Mr. Dobson) did not think the lion, me mDer for South Launceston could be one of them, i,u'a'gimj from his frequently enunciated view on those object of taxation, The taxing proposals of the (government really meant taxing property about three d times with no exemptions at all. It appeared in mm that the contemplated collision between the t Ä.0 Houses was nothing less than an arranged qn arrol( No no) - brought about by the unprcccdentr A\ mnnB of the Go. vernment taking advantage of thor f "majority in sending upnnAppropriatu.nBillwithout'ATax¡"KBÍlltoprovide Ways and Means. The Minister <r mi, son he admiral with the Council to try and e" that the blame of the non- payment of the Civrtservaii' .F,wiHOh Was justly charge- able to the l.ovoiimiciit, "."," their shoulders. The Government had no, ear? 0 t" complain of want of con mdorationfiomthoOpp >>3¡tion, who had really treated them with every con federation. The fact was there had been no serious test questions before the House since the change r of Ministry, to rouse their party warfare, so that the plea of want of courtesy was an unfounded n,,,' weak-minded one. It was not just for the Government to ask for supplies for the whale year., for tips having, been granted, they 1 might propose to, parliament to the and of the year, tM !{ utterly neglect the needful legislation of the colony, He contended that another place could not be blamed I for refusing to pass twelve months' supplies. Practically they had supplies until August 1st, for two months its'! and a half, instead of only for six weeks as had been 1936 alleged. When the Treasurer's statement was sub army mitted, Ministers promised to submit their policvíorlí<'-0 seat in the month of July, but it was clear now that they Ti, would not do anything of the kind. Henrguodthatthero grip' never was so little information given about their own taxing proposals by any Government as by the present the Ministry. Time after time they had been requested right to explain what they meant by income and property I tax,' but they repeatedly declined to furnish the information that they were asked tor. He did not believe that the Government knew what their own proposals were to be. He urged that it was wrong to say the House knew what the scheme of the Ministry was in Until that scheme had been submitted and adopted. by He could not say that the course pursued in it another place was unconstitutional, and thought of, that place would be very unwise to surrender 12! the control of the purse-strings to the Government. [?? He should move as an amendment that this House [li agrees with the amendments of the Legislative Council h. in the Appropriation Bill and Supplementary Appro ¡ j priation Bill for 187.!). j-; "'Mr. SCOTT said the hon. member wondered why I -j be could support that measure after advocating that of s lands should be taxed to pay the railway interest, but I ? M the House so positively disagreed with his plan, ! there was no remedy left but to come upon the general public to contribute the money that was required. Mr. HODGSON had supported proposals for a Property and Income Tax that had been brought forward by various Governments, and should support the pre- feet Ministry. He attributed the failure of the scheme of the late Government to a lack of energy on the part of the late Colonial Treasurer. i Mr. CROW'J'J TER should not given silent vote upon that question. The question was whether the Treasurer should have the means for the present, and time to carry out the system he had initiated. i> The Treasurer had stated that if the motion were "i carried, he should not have time, and therefore be (Mr. Crowther) should support the Treasurer in not taking anything less than the supply that was asked for. I ' Mr. HENRY should also support the Treasurer, and regretted that the Opposition had thought fit to try issue upon that question. He expressed his regret \- that the leader of the Opposition had not seen fit to protest against the action of another place. They had adopted a tiding-over policy year after year simply by the influence exerted upon them by the pro dominating, and he might say using ping powers of the other branch of the Legislature. He deprecated a division on the question. Mr. PILLINGER hoped the very tempting proposal of the hon. member for Glenorchy would not be agreed to. The Government did not say that the ; other branch had done what it should not do, but simply that the Government could not carry on the li business of the country with credit to themselves or profit to the community, in the position in which they were placed by the Council's amendments. The, country was in a very critical position at this moment, and yet they were asked to allow a month's supplies to be doled out, bringing a Government, that should be strong, into contempt. If they had to come into collision with another place they might just as well do so now as at any other time. He would support the Government in doing so, and he thought they should at once face the position. There was really no ' public policy concerned in the matter. The expert . ' , di turn must be met whatever Goverment was in power. ! It would -I make no difference if the Government stick to their taxation proposals. He felt very strongly the discreditable posi the colony occupied with regard to the civil servants, who were unable to obtain their salaries. The provision must be made, and it was impossible to do so under the conditions sent down from another place. The position was one which sooner or later must be remedied, and he urged their coming to an issue at once. Mr. MEREDITH complained that the House was being asked to stultify itself, and to submit to dicta ! tioiL Even if the three months' supplies were accepted it really only meant a provision for six weeks. Could the Government be expected to finish the business of the present session, and meet Pul liament again on the first of July with their estimates and public I , Works scheme framed for the year. The same difficulty with regard to the pay meet of wages would then occur again, all through this difference between the two Houses of the Legislature. He had two years, always said bold on tight to the purse strings until they got, 'the ultimatum of the Government as to their ways and means. They had these proposals of the Govern- ment proposals by which they had declared they; would stand or fall. Why then should they wait and danger to pass the Appropriation Bill. i Mr. GIBLIN had noticed that the gentlemen who had spoken from the Ministerial side of the House had all very ' carefully avoided the precedent to which he had had the honour to direct the attention of the House. ' Of course, he did not assert that the House was bound by precedent, but he would like to have the reason pointed out why they should, under the guid | area of nearly the same set of gentlemen, reverse the' 'order of proceedings taken under their guidance two " years since. The circumstance to which he alluded would be fresh in the memories of members. The Administration had in 1871 comprised four out of the five members of the present Administration, the present Attorney-General being the only excep- " tion. The question which arose then was as nearly as possible the same as that at present before It ''them. The members of the Ministry being so nearly the same now the spirit guiding the Cabinet must also I have been the same. What did they then do under the similar circumstances? Did they discover a great constitutional question then - On the 3rd November, 1870, J's Bill of Appropriation for four months of 1877 was sent up to the Upper House, and it was there reduced " from four to three months. When it came back, what \- as the course taken? Why, the hon. member for West' Devon, who was then Treasurer, the same hon. member who now asked them to go into collision with the Legislative Council, actually proposed that the amendments of the Council be agreed to, and the House concurred in and passed his motion. Why now, under ' precisely analogous oil circumstances, was the House asked to take a different course-why asked to take a course 3 repugnant alike to reason and common sense. The hon. member for Oatlands kind said a very good thing when he said there was no public policy involved in the matter. There was the difficulty. If it could be shown that there were constitutional dangers before them he could understand the position. The Attorney " General and the Colonial Secretary had adopted what would be fitly called in America the " Wave the Ban . her" policy. They were always waving their banner, " and the House had had it waved before it that evening. The Colonial Secretary invited them to rally round " this banner and vote for Reibey and the rights of the people, Lowe and liberty, and Dodds and democracy. . They were asked to follow the lead of the hon, gentlemen '. against the supposed invasion of the Legislative Council, though it was admitted there was no public policy in volved. He had striven to be an impartial observer of the events in the colony, and if reasons were adduced, "I he would support as strongly as any one the liberties of the House. He knew the tendency of Legislative "I Councils in these colonies to overstep their powers. " But what should that teach the House? Simply that they should never provoke a quarrel, unless they were * sure of a firm standing ground, nor should they seek a ' pretext for a quarrel. The member for Oatlands 'had stated that the collision might as well come ' now, as at any other time. It would, however, 'be much better if it came at a time when they had good cause for their action, when their rights had been infringed, and when they were one and all 1 bound to stand up for them. The Attorney-General had said that the Council had not infringed the 'privileges of the House. Mr. BALFE : He was wrong. A Mr. GIBLIN The Attorney-General acted as the legal adviser of the House and of the Government. Mr, BALVE : He is not mine. 'J Mc GIBLIN : Perhaps the hon. gentleman is his own lawyer. (Laughter.) The Council had not,' of according to the Attorney-General, infringed any '"of their privileges, and why should the House .' put itself in a wrong position when seeking a i 'victory. He would go further and say, even if the "" Council had acted unconstitutionally, they had been a!'' forced into that false position. The responsibility * rested with the Government who had placed them in it. The Bill had been rushed through the House by the Government, who had refused even twenty-four hours' . delay, though, after all, the Treasurer had kept it in "'Wa portfolio for a week after it had passed the House ; " before he sent it to the Council. The Government " were, in the same way, responsible for the hardships ' s from which the civil servants suffered. The Go "' vernment had laid it down as a principle that ', they Appropriation Bill was the key of the session, i and ought to be the last act of the session, passed after " , all the other public business had been disposed of. '" Notwithstanding this the Government had sent away the bill from the House to the Council, and invited ," them to sanction it before the Ways and Means were " placed before them, placing the Council in a false post ' tion. The Government were simply walking into a ' 'trap they had laid for themselves. They now said they would be humiliated if they accepted the amended 4" months, but it had not been so in 1870, If the House " must go into collision with the Council, let it be a"" bona substantial ground of the policy in volved be a a public one, something on which they might assert that their privileges were being invaded. When they came to consider the relations of the two branches of the " Legislature, let the matter be calmly and quietly discussed, and let the House be unanimous in the action taken. The poet said, " Thrice is he armed who hath 1 this quarrel just, but how could they sustain a quarrel . when they were thoroughly unarmed. The late * Speaker of the House had rebuked him over and ?'"' over again for speaking of the two Houses in this of colony as the same in connection as the Houses of .' 'Lords and Commons in England for there was no a. analogy between the two cases. If they thought this * l wrong, the proper way to set it right was not by pick \- - ing quarrels on small matters. He had no desire for office, but wanted to see the Government pass a bill 5, that would be a credit to themselves and a benefit to the colony, and the suggestions he would make would ;., lie to bring that to pass. He was glad to hear the \- ' Attorney- General say that the bill was the work of another barrister, as they would feel more easy in their c. criticism of it. There was so much in it that it Svitiated its value, that no amendments made a. rat the table of the House could make it I., i workable. He would not like to see the issue j-,. between the Houses tried upon the present question, \- M but when the time came when both sides of the House of mould units in as strong a phalanx as the Government 7" supporters woiüMippusOd tobe gold lode now. But as I get the House went to the time when they could come . ltln]t'>in that their privileges were being infringed, their 5o Khiva invaded, not at a time when they could plead no d'.J*UTue' COLONIAL SECRETARY said the hon. t> J member for Wellington had a great flow of words, to '. hear him reminded him of the poets diets, that when \- eloquence line. "at truth. for its theme, it enthroned a man -. . 'With the aroha."»««!«- But the hon. member on that V occasion had not' truth for his theme. He (Mr. Reibey) is denied his assent As. was the Government sought to I. a quarrel with the George!. but the Government were s not going to have su,"'''}1?8 assassin but it's likely to feel i children. They worn the unworthy the position they have occupied, unless they Vented such action as that, -is They would not continue as ««7 ""the Government l.-.'umoSstheyeoulddoit her Naturally. the Government is .' had been twitted with accep *»>»>>' 'H'601"01,'11" s.uPP),es t instead of four, but at that as they had a minority. in Hence they were not under "stand. SW were only a? 'politic in accepting that which was car "1^B"1' 1 last Mr. GELLIBRAND took t^&^^íi^ií1 \---I severely to task for contro^iotint.'f*"» TANT in" WtMltamentwy statement that .,*** M sunlit ,i...'C /.'. .. > i. ... - - _ - .? Gellibrand) said was untrue He wondered that the" Speaker had not called him to order for such an expression. When the youthful Attorney-General had a little more experience in the House, he would find that if he expected to be treated with courtesy he must not charge hon. members in effect with being years, or he must expect to receive rough re- taliation in kind from those whom he affronted. Reverting to the action of the Government, he might say that the Appropriation Bill had been thrust upon the House of Assembly, and had been rushed through the House contrary to the wishes of the minority, only to be hung up for several days ere it was transmitted to the Council. That was extending very scant courtesy to the House by the Government, and yet they cried out loudly for the utmost consideration at the hands of hon, members. The Ministry were entirely wrong in not taking a month's supplies wherewith to pay the Civil servants, whose suffering lay entirely at the door of the Administration. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL warned the hon. member for Ringwood that if he again attacked him as he had just done, he would retaliate, and he hoped that his retaliation would be more effective than the attack. The attack was unjustifiable, inasmuch as if the Attorney - General had used unfair Elementary language, he would have been called to order by the Speaker, but he had not been. He had used the word untrue, not personally in reference to the hon. member' for Ringwood, but merely as repelling an assertion doubting the loyalty of Ministerial supporters. The hon. gentlemen then replied to the Hon. Mr. Giblin, recapitulating his own and his colleagues arguments used in the course of the debate. He urged that supplies should be granted ; no matter what Ministry hold the reins of Government. The question of granting supplies was a question of good Government, and not affecting a particular policy. Mr. LETTE quoted at length from May upon the practices and privileges of the House of Lords in regard to money bills. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the discussion that had arisen out of his motion had been very instructive, and he had no doubt very satisfactory to all the gentlemen who had spoken. (Laughter). They had had an opportunity of expressing their opinions, and he thought they must come to the conclusion that he was right in submitting a motion to resist the attempt of the branch of the Legislature to reduce the supplies that this House had accepted to give the Government. The Upper House might as well refuse to give any supplies as give the limited amount they had done, it was impossible for the Government to carry on- they had no encouragement to carry on upon so mean a supply as that proposed, it would have been far better for the other House to have delayed passing the Appropriation Bill till they had the Income-tax Bill, if that were their excuse for making the reduction ; but they took the course they did to show that they had no confidence in the present Administration. He regretted that hon. members on the other side had not supported the motion, and thus maintained the privileges of the House. They allowed the Appropriation Bill to pass without a division; but, no doubt, they expected it would come back in the shape it had come. The House divided on the amendment with the following result :- " , , Ayes, 9. , j Coote Giblin Lamb , I Gellibrand Belbin Whitehead ' Mitchell Dobson Salier (toiler) . ¡ " ¡ Noes, 15. i Reibey Dooley Pillinger I i Lotto Risby Scott > Crowther Balfe Hodgson Lewis O'Reilly Meredith Riddoch Dodds Henry (teller) The amendment was negatived, and the resolution was then agreed to. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS BILL. On the motion of Mr. MEREDITH, the order of the day for the second reading of this bill was post- ' poned till next day, : ' INCOME AND PROPERTY TAX BILL. On the order of the day for the second reading of this I bill, Mr. GIBLIN said that after such an important division, and after the statement of the hon. member for Oatlands that a collision may as well take place with the other branch of the Legislating ' Mr. PILLINGER denied that he had anticipated such a collision ; he had deprecated it. Mr. GIBLIN said the words the hon. member used were that if there was to be a collision it might as well come now as at another time. But for other reasons' than the lateness of the hour (twenty minutes to ten) he hoped that no attempt would be made to go on with the bill until they saw what course the Legislate tive Council would take with regard to the Appropria-' tion Bill. He would like to know whether the Government proposed to go on with the second reading now. The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied in the affirmative, and said he saw no reason why they should not go on. The Government would be twitted with slowness, and with not sending up their Ways and Means if they postponed the bill. Mr. GIBLIN moved the adjournment of the House, and remarked that as the Attorney-General had said that the gentlemen who sat behind him, would vote as he pleased (No, no.) Well, the hon. gentleman said that the gentlemen who sat behind him, showed a strong and compact front (Hear, hear). That was perfectly correct, but it was not always wise, if they had the strength, to put it forth on every occasion. He held in his hand telegrams f i our hon. members desiring to make an appeal to the Government not to go on with the bill to-night. Every hon. member knew that Thursday was private member's day, and it was not usual to take important business on that day. However, he was perfectly prepared to debate the question if the House insisted upon forcing it on. It would be his duty and he did not say this in a threatening spirit-to detain the House for some time, and he would much rather speak when hon. members were fresh, and he could enlist their attention. Personally, he asked for no forbearance ; he had not been accustomed to receive it during the present session, and he should not now ask for it. But he had telegrams from Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hart, and Mr. Just, saying they could not be present, and wishing the debate postponed. Mr. Just stated that he understood the Attorney-General to say that if a postponement was necessary it would be arranged. The last telegram he received was from Mr. Douglas, who, he was very sorry to Bay, was too unwell to come down. Still the absence of two or three members was not a sufficient reason why a debate should be postponed. But he asked was it wise ? Were hon. members taking that course which would best facilitate the course of public business Î He had found by experience that it was better to conciliate thus use force. This bill had not been in the hands of hon. members seven days, and it had been usual to give about eight days. Besides, the debate could not be concluded to-night. He hoped they were not to be served in the matter as they were on the Appropriation Bill, and that to be reasonable a request at such an hour, they would be told, "We have a majority, and we will go on whether it will he convenient or inconvenient." Mr. MEREDITH hoped the second reading would be proceeded with. Mr. RIDDOCH expressed the same wish, and said that some consideration was due to the hon. members who were in their places as well as to those who were away. The income and property tax had been well discussed, and he saw no good reason for postponing the bill. Mr. DOBSON strongly appealed to the Government not to press the bill now. Mr. HENRY said that if for no other reason, he thought they were justified in proceeding with the measure, in order that the Upper House might be in a position to pass the Appropriation Bill. Mr WHITEHEAD hoped Ministers would accede to the request, Hon. members on the Opposition side had no wish to adopt the Stonewall tactics, adopted by the present Ministerial members at the beginning of the session ; he deprecated any such tactics, but he had no doubt if they were adopted now the debate could be protracted till all the members were in their places, Mr. SCOTT thought to postpone the second reading would be a waste of time. After some further discussion, Mr. GIBLIN drew attention to the fact that it was then 20 minutes past 10 o'clock, and it would, after the work the House had been engaged in, be utterly impossible for the question to be properly debated, and, recognising the fact that both sides of the House were desirous of the speeches being reported, it would be impossible to get any reporting staff at that late period to do the work. He protested against the Government carrying on a bill so important as that in a sort of sub silentio manner. A division was then taken on the question that the House do now adjourn, with the following result : Ayes (0). Giblin Dobson Whitehead Mitchell Belbin Lamb (teller) Salier Coote Gellibrand Noes (14). Reibey Dodds O'Reilly ' Lewis Henry Balfe Meredith Dooley Pillinger Riddoch (teller) Henry Risby Lotto Hodgson INCOME AND PROPERTY TAX BILL. The COLONIAL TREASURER then moved the second reading of the Income and Property Tax Bill, which had been drawn up for the purpose of giving effect to the resolutions passed by that House on the 7th inst. He referred in tones of regret to the fact of very urgent business having arisen and prevented the bill from coming on for consideration at an earlier period of the evening. It was necessary that that bill should be sent up without delay to the other branch, when they had objected to passing the Appropriation Bill for want of it. He estimated that the bill would make up the deficiency of I £35.000. He had not been able to thoroughly sift the whole of the financial business. They had always expected that the Main Line Railway would be the cause of additional taxation, and the late Ministry had made an effort to raise the means in a way they thought fit, but their proposals would have fallen more heavily mi the land than those of the present Government, who had had the advantage of the experience gained. The late Government had attributed the whole of the deficiency to the enormous amount of funds required for the railways, and for roads and bridges, and they therefore considered that the landnuglittobe.iralargerproportlontlianany other Interest But some of their supporters were not agreeable to that, and the late Colonial Treasurer had demurred no doubt, to pushing on his proposals from this reason. Some of their (supporters he knew would not have supported the property tax, unless an income tax had been proposed at the same time.) The present Government proposed both these taxes, neither property or Income however to be taxed more than once. The bill before the House had been drawn up under the supervision of the Attorney-General, and provided all the requisites to carry out the proposals. It freed certain interests -Lab Excellency the Governor, the charitable interests, corporate bodies, and others men honour in it. (The Colonial Treasurer read the exemption clauses.) It was hardly necessary for him to go over the mound that had been already be fully discussed in Committee. It would, he believed, be sufficient to bring the revenue up to the expenditure, and perhaps more than that, He hoped it might provide more that they might relieve the Customs, and pay the interest on looks that would be required from year to year for public works, which the Government must also be on the alert to carry out He would leave the bill with hon. members. In due course it would go into committee, when it would be taken charge of by the Attorney-General, who would be able to explain all the clauses to'thê'HÔnKeVs'they came before it. The MINISTER OF LANDS seconded the motion. Mr. GIBLIN moved the adjournment of the debate until 4 o'clock the next day. He had no complaint to make about the way the Colonial Treasurer had introduced the bill, but had never seen a bill of so much importance brought forward before, when fully three fourths of those supporting him were absent from the House while he made his speech, including the Attorney-General, who was to take charge of the bill in committee. It was important that the latter gentleman should be present to hear the address he (Mr. Giblin) wished to make upon the subject, so he thought it better they should adjourn. Of course if Ministers did not wish the defects in the bill pointed out he could not help it, but he hoped they would accede to the motion. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had no objection to the adjournment if members would agree to meet at 3 o'clock, and after a short discussion this was agreed to, the Speaker giving instructions that notice should be sent to all members in town of the change in the hour, ADJOURNMENT. The House at 7 minutes to 11 o'clock adjourned until 3 o'clock this day. 