NOTES EP1OM1 THE 3IMETiBOPOLIS.; '. . ' ITH GBOS OF JOREOCKS I uaTE often thougt it a-pity that snci an infain tial paper as the Goulburn. Herald should mal; no note of sporting affairs; and oflato I cannot.help attributing to this silence on the partof the leading southern organ a good deal of the apathy which is unfortnately displayod by the Goulbmrn residents in all matters connected with local racing. -I know of course that Mr. Payten periodicnlly gets up.a meeting, that he has made great improvements on the racecourse and stand, and that he gives satis factory prizes to beo rn. for; but I am also well aware that residents in the ity and district gener ally do not support the lessee of the raeconrse as they ought in his endeavors to give sport. It may be as I have said,.that the silene of the leading local paper has something to do with this unhealthy state of things; for, sir; in sporting as in all else, you must educate the peopleaup to what yo-irouol have them follow; and thinkingover these and such like, I. came to the conclusion that a few sporting items weekly from the great Australian Babylon might be aceptable., :As we are just on the eve of the gatest:meeting in the New South Wales racing calenar, the present would seem a fair op portunityfor commencing; andso, although unlike Bombastes: I am certainly not "pregnant with news, Iaset to work to jot down for the benefit of your readers an idea of what is doing in sporting drcles.' Erst and foremost, we are likely to have quite the best raes one has seen here before, if the knowing in snch. afirs am right, for the quality of the horses brought here from Melbourn has never been excelled by any isitors at any previous rime; and among snch a crowd of really first-class performers itis a dificnlty quite of the Al division to make out which has the best chance. High-class race horses are much more plentiful than they were a fewyea ago, and thosewho have membere these things for years tell me that the present lot of horses trainingin the neighborhood of Sydney are the best for their numbers that hare ever been bronght together for one and the same meeting. There arein fact so many good horses now for every one decent one ther used to be, that racing is not at all the certainty it used to be. Itisnotgenerally known, I dare say, in the country districts that most of the good horses sent up here this time from Melnoure were bred in this colony, so if they should win New South Wales will be beaten with its own eapons; and in fact for the last two or three years past the horses from Richmond, Tocal, Baturst. anad:Femoill have been a teror to the Victorian sports?en who have met them on Flem ington, the. ead-quarters oonvincing-ground of the Victoian Racing Cub. At present, with few excep tions, .which include the crank Vctorian two-year. ol.d Peatr . and their Derby winner Wellington, almost, if not quite, all the best animals and those from which great things are expected, hail by birth from thi colony, though by adoption and training they may hare merged into Vctorians; and as far as myf judgment carres me I anticipate seeing the Maribyt ong Plate winner best her of the Ascot Vale Stakes:. I saw Nellie win the former event i? ovember, and was under'the impression that-b?t forswerving near the inish she would have wan easily by leng I. 1nerer s aw a finer rush than shemade mn af rard, and she is'not only Tery game bnt-brilliant as .-ell. I hardly like to say anything about Wellingtn, as I cannot understand wha he is hre for; but ime will tell- .One thing is very. stisfactPy in antiiapation of the great events to be decided theLaeek after next, and that is the hrses are asl ini?.er- fine order considering tha immbbro 'f them l hereatwork; and I think it biasarely happeneda for so few to ha?egone amiss aithin such a short time of the opelning day. The igermand the hampiina Stas es on Easter Monday aw lhia rn o?n f.theWedieslay; bntI rii make an attemptu xot wsek týD et r the probabil winners. At present m y opinion is in faor of Nellie for the Chaiapagne Sites an?Boswcblh for ihefge r'.. :.' The ieaseg sales to be held on Tnesday and. T rsday inth race week will Egia fineopper atuni^t,'of, pntiuasag some young ones cheap, as t ris eraiolyn. demand;for a gieato portion of the aspply, andlstrtybn yraec iimnadyoar sporting neighbors in tih'southern district to reap the ad rantage of the .cxcsion-ticket ad-a conme and sea arlit ar said tobe tphebestlot ofyearlingathat hare ever been seen here. It is quite certain that man of them must be si enaway oraiey so; 'and it is a well-known fact that the low-prcted odes at these Esae.lter in'ut better i th athe, tip-top ones. The tcoming sale till be the' beest opportanin a.we have i.ers hladof obuing, qnmea ug cheapl andi good.; SThe town m is taken bystoanb the o?Victorian prie-fightera andml his flends; and Lmost people are of ainiton that the adulation and heroworship are carried too far.. Crtainly the ictoria theatre need not have been rostituted to such a cause; though with Formosa on the boards little mom if anything is needed to keep the respectable partion of theatre goers asy. The Sydney press is loud in its denunation of the " play which, without jesting, is a note above Eli as a play; but the proprietor takes in the grist and keeps on never minding. Couseing is occupying the attention of its ma-nT votaries just at present, and on the 12th of May thec New South Wales Club hold their autumn mcetisc at BaLthnrst, to be fololcrOl by an opening day a ir. I Walter Lambs besutiful place, Voodetoc--, whe-r the proprietor ha laid out a fortune in -urning o hares, and has cleared a s mll principality tnI aford grouand for cnjoing this grand sport to pr;;on. This, hsen stahrei, rwill be a t boon to Sdncr sportsmen, many of -whom cannot go so fair as lahnurst in searih of spart. Thesc thingsF :l :-d .i:n-hoe s in- mc'e i-?;s :p a li.,t of ports in:si,.lge i- t Pro-.st L n n' (_'? I abt fLanLves an qc'tic t: n lof miLd are 'T1 cy t;: " ali tire o rh n's at :inai -a. n iand LCie csk, whIch will Co inU a e v . men have ;Leir fr -n i-, II 1: I r JscL - TIc n 'r 'he":ss:l - -: and it tD pull a r:e nt TLeur- 'os-l Cc''' 's cSi. s Yus me rC fualy nClt WsEci tHubert has Ar:'a-"::ss for sn]is r--.:: nns a llandwks , aLl 110GOLr 