!The annual Immigration B,eport;;.always intereajing, is es|)eqially bo at a ' time1 when the entire system of ' artificially introducing' population has- been eub- : jected ! to so,, much adverse criticism. Not only has the official ban been applied ini a, measure to immigration, but it is more than doubtful whether conducted of late years is not wholiy iu excess of the wants of such a community. Iti other wordB, previous Government^ have deliberately brought into Qheens land a number, of people far beyond the resources of the country in the shape of capital and employment. 'The natural result has been the Over stockingjof.'th'e labour market ; and should the system be renewed to the same extent, the same evils fwill bo periodically repeated.. The mere total given1 in Mr. Mjlcai/isiee's report for 1878, which has just reached Queensland, is calculated to cause sur-. prise. During last year not fewer'than 8,531: human beings, or ' souls,' as they are habitually called in official reports,, were. despatched from England to Queensland. 'What was there ? in the circumstances of the colony to .war rant this immense abnormal addition to a population of about 200,000 ? Most of these immigrants come hither without resources. Only a very insignificant minority possess sufficient means .to clear a homestead and .wait for returns. The vast majority are dependent for a livelihood' upon the accumulated capital of .Queensland ; and the notion that this ' increases so rapidly as to afford support; to 8,531 additional de pendents on industry in a single year — besides the natural increase of the population — is- a proposition which need only be.staled in order: to. expose its absurdity. This reckless iuiportatiou of tello w creatures for. whom - the colony becomes in a pleasure, morally responsible, appears ail' the more culpable wheu we compare this lastjreturn with that for 1877. Iu the last named year the number of immigrants of both sexes and all ages despatched under the superintendence of Mr. M iCAUSTEE was smaller by 2,976 than this total of 8,531. The motives which induced the Government to sanction' this very great increase are utterly inexplicable. Few of the other uuiuga ui tut; x/uuirLAa jjj. luioti y uia play such utter carelessness. ? For towards the. end of.l877'the indications that a bad time was approaching were both numerous and uumistakeable.. By th^t time the drought had -become a .melancholy fact, arid the results of over trading 'were making themselves felt. 'Yet the Government bring into the country three thouBaud additioual -im. migrants just at the time when, the available capital fund is rapidly, dimin ishing! | In the presence of such evidence .of i mismanrigemerit, tho details' of this. re- port becrime comparatively insignificant. , It may hie well, however, to recapitulate j the main features, The total; o.f.8j351. is divided into 5,139 males- and. 3,392 {females. Of . theBe 3jllG- were assisted, 4,788- wene ireej and 438 wqre ,, '- remittance ... ancl;.-ffee nominated.' Foreign 'countries ' sent* 1,787 frde passengers,, but ?'only 32D ai the other olaaaes/;- There' were assisted pmigrapts from, England, from Scotland, ^.pd jtiOSg fronjjIrelaad., Tlie freh emigrants- were:: 'Ehglash,. 1,984; Scotch, 314';. Irish, .W)3. Erirm labp.urers nrimhered 2;233;, but whether 'all these! were bona' fide agrieulturiats-is at least 1 open' to question. Foinale ?dome'sticj aervantsi .-miuibered 1,240. ;; labourers, 810 ; carpenters, 192 ; black smiths, 59 ;. miners, 84 ;:jinasou3, 02 ; engineers, 54 ; and gardeners, 35; The Fritz Eeuter, from; Hamburg, brought the heaviest human cargo— 50(5. The Charles Dickens, from the same port, carried 456 ; Dewm brought the largest number from ' Eugland-^427'.: The Scottish Hero brought the smallest number-j-278. Cornwall, by no means one of the most populous counties, sends the largest number of immigrants frchn England!. Tipperary and Cork,' as .might be expected, are th&suoat; import ant contributors of the Irish coun ties, and Lanarkshire sends four times As trianyj as any 'other Scotch county! It appears that since 1S61 'the number of inqmigrants from Europe of all kinds, including full-paying passengers in ' short ships,' has- been 92,875. This is an' average of . 5,159. . Last year. tho iGdyerhment alone brought 8,351 per sons— .a. plain proof that immigration, from being a convenience, bus degene rated into a craze. '.Mr. Macalisteb notices that the 'subject 'of emigration is very favourably (regarded just now by the Press and public men in! England1/ 'In place of .Viewing! the action of the various colonial! Goverrifa'&nts;' in recrc'tiug emigrants from England as a com petitive agency -influencing the labour market at home, a considerable portion of ' the Press advocate^ emigration as a necessity, and to the British oolo'nios'BS the''most desirable.' Lord Demit recently made -a speech' in which he openly advocated emigration as a public Pwant iriMthe present cireumstances of ; Great Britain. This is 'well' enough 5u its way.!;, but it is one thing for Eriijlishmeti:; tot, advocate' measures' with '- a.:;,- view of relieving: a dis tressed population, and quite- another -tiling- -for- -Queenslanders - to. -under-, tahe responsibilities for which they are not prepared. It has beeri- abundt aft tfy ;delriUiTstrated ? t.hqt the 'possession' of unlimited tfcrri'fco'ry!'i5' ribt imrbself a' justification for importing population. Either the immigrants must have money of their own (which is hardly ever the case) or tbe capital : of. the colony.must be equal to their maiutenarice. For the purposes ,qf iiij pecunious immigrants, ouriboundlbss territory might asyvell be: at the- Kcarth-- Pole. - They cannot, cultivate it, f.nd the ? soil, how ever riblr and boundless, ' willi'jnot produce crops for merely being: looked at. The late Government how ever seemed to- entertain the opposite opinion,- though' they mnst have been aware that a whole Bhipload of immi grants would not add an acre to the producing area of the country. The (commencement of a new system is not ;the least off the benefits which the M'Il wniiTK Ministry have conferred upon the colony. Ft is to be hoped that the : class of immigrants will improve for the future.- JMr. Macmsitek saya that ' the 'applications for free passages are (Sanuary ,25- 1859) very numerous.' Alt the time this report was written he was not informed of the resti'l tail immigration. He lias, therefore, au. increasing, demand with diminished, 'powers of supply, tfnder such ciroum Stan'cesj he ought to- be able to pick and choose fo a greater estent'than formerly; True, it is not probable that really 'first- ' rate men in any- hue of business . .will break up their homes and traverse the wor?d,tp begin life again. Competition for passages ought,, however, to lead to iinprovement in tbe quality of our new .arrivals; Mr.. ISSaaHUMEBB will griev ously fail in hieduty if he continues to shoot upon ourrahoresthe undesirables who- hitherto bare formed too large a. proportion of his cargoes. . _ ^ j THKreport of -the Ifoal Property /.Com mission;1 a summary of which we printed; on' Thursday, is- in many respects . a valuable document;: and, with the' rain1 utes- of .evidence- and- appendices, itidi cates-an nnusuallamount of industry oh the part of the-, commissioners. The ( duty entrusted1 to these gentlemen tfiU an onerous one,. and they have assuredly : 'dischargedi it eritisfactorily. .An' im mense' amount of usefnl, if not very precise data has-been accumulated, and some very valuable recommendations based' thereon ace now at the disposal of the- Legislature and the Colonial 'Secretary. The extent to which these .will bo availed1 of is yet to be seen, but iwe beiiove that both those suggesting -alterations of the- law, aud those bear:, ing- oni departmental administration iWill'be more or less acted upon, arid. iri 'that oaee a considerable' improvement in the working of the real property laws jib certain to result. Many of tlie .de Ipartmintar ahamg'es recommended have: either already been or are in course of being effected, and the Government have with commendable promptitude embodied the principal desired amend ments. off the- law in a bill -which will shortly be before Parliament. No doubt the Real: Property ActB are iu the nature; of a blessing, yet it is equally .. eviden t Hml: fhnir hpmftfita are . capable of beinis largely extended, arid several of the suggestions- of the commissioners'- are cafbulhted to vastly increase (he .utility-, of tbe systeza. At tbe' same: 'time ib may be worth vvhile to inquire whether: Deforrosi piorO'radical thon are contemn plated would not lead to still greater amelioration. The principle of the system registration, it follows, that the object should be to simplify and oheripeQ the process. This ho∈ the main been recognised by the eom missionefs. But it becomes a further question] whether registration should not Be- necessarily a corollary of all trans actions in land under the Acts— whether a- systeof similar to that described by the late Master of Titles,jMr. i8c,f«v as Being in.'! force in Chpe Colo.'oy,. could not be adrantagepju^y iptroducod heref FTadbir any mere modificatioEj pf the. existing plan a .qonsi^o^hfo^proporj'ibfii of the- transactions is certaiu ts- be nn-. registered- We think we are wit bio themark whence) 8_ay that at foast half, thermortgages of real eatate ifovpr coiae witliin the operation of1 the1 Be nil Pro perty Oiffice. Temporary ildhrances an. this claqs of ..sge^rify,. .which., form'Sba'- Buik of the1 'b-usifleBS/'ttriiaoiii^ 'dlj ;'- aind thei Petebson diiclosureB show thait it ! ib in rerpect : oS these .(un registered mortgages only that fraud is possible. Ainongsrthri'rece'inmen'daJilini' of the Commissioners iri.one which un. donbtediv will tend to. iucreaso tho proportion or unregisteoed transatetions. They suggest that, after due notice,, instruments sent to the office by post should not be attended to. Thus, every person outside of Brisbane will bo compelled!... to employ at:, agent to tender his deeds to, the Registrar's offizials, 'ktod /as' in the majority of cases this; ngept muat-be a solicitor- employed by the ' other. aide,' it ifl evident that the cost of registration will be greatly augmented, and a'ecdrd ingly there will be further inducement to refrain from registering. . Thle late Mi'. Scoter put his finger ori the re'riidd y, wo think, when he showocl how the priii; ciple of registration was carried put ill South Africa, and in tlio caso pf, consols at the Bank- 'of: Epglnilil.' ' The in strument of conveyance or 'mortgage' in the former plan .'{must, be executed at the office, either ;l?y , the parties themselves or by persons having powers of attorney, as in' the ? cash- -of persons residing at a distance,'' Thip loaf Confnrft nf Sniif.Vi A friMTi mnflw could be obviated : if an . officer' .were) commissioned in every important cdntre of population to witness the exception of documents and forward them ' on. tq the head office, a provisional registration — holding good unless declared: invalid by tbe Registrar- General — being lit the same time effected.. . Tho functioua here, 7; /Y . ! i.vjv'i ,c( ,lf suggested could bo relegated! to tbe cierk of petty sessions iu each .town, or. tq some,other Government offiaol ; and. tlloir payment could be by small) fees; so; that no extra charge would fall on tbe department, That ..the convenience of people re siding at a distance from the capital'witl soon imve to be consulted is tolerably erideut.-. - Even- - wheu -suoh - person* cnjqyed. the privilege of communicating with tlie'Keal Property Office by poet,! iBi^' v'efe~al{ 4;«h'sadvi»ntage ; but if that; privilege is withdrawn, tho difficulties throvrii .in their way will in all pro^ badility lead to a: coneiderable increase jf uiiregistered Business, and conse quently to numerous eases bf fraud.? If tbe plan here proposed wax adopted, registration could be made instantaneous. The two parties ' to a transaction could execute whatever in strument was- required at the counter, and iis the majority of eases tbe matter Could he registered before they- left the office.) This?- coWric,. it was stated in ?erider.be, is- followed; in the case of con -ols and! other personalities involving iinterests-of a'maguitude eqjial to those 'involved in real- estate ;: and it is absurd 40 suppose- thtrfrahy caore'saffeguardsare . needed as regards tho- latter than as re- , gards ithe former dcscriptien of pro perty. ? .The truth -is;, we have not j^t- got- rid! of uhe ebd' world notion; that- TWbperty io land is iatrinsiearHy . different to property in anyjthirig else. ' Tonnes* partially :a'Jandoned-that idea when be- too-k the stiippidg law ay- the- baeie of hie real property liVr, .fcuf'!the-' tendency is to retrogcado^rather than to advance ijpon the'grejat poriricipJo-he established. How absurdjit would: be if a'ship could only belregjsteire.d'at.ione Gastom Blouse in QpeenslantU; .yet'tiiis-is-aoalogouetothe' syatemj whieh p.ievails with- respect to lacd'.- |H\4'.tiver,.tlie promisee? imppoTe moBts -are of no- smplL- .value,. an-l , we suppose for the present must be re garded las all weroamexpeotiia* the wajr of refopm. Stj- STBianr^^UinEDriiL^-Theve. were; i# ceremonies oiithe profession- arid: zaceptioQ of Sistcn of Mercy at tMs- Cut&eijraJS; y^s^rfay,. the -filst at tiic. y:o!ciix-k , mass,, andi the secosid' at the afternoon service.' In. tha- monolo^, MiM-5B»jrth, Miss iZQIrilleni . anffi Mise ford wero- reoeive(B^,'ohdiri'buttwra. ' HHsa-' Lyiam: andUKssi Corcoran vrer& rec«ved:'as-liij- sistare. At the aftemoorr 3»r»ice,. Miss. Jbnes,'. ' ISisS Bergw, and Miss- lltarpjay. xoceivodi. the wiit® yei\l'7Thb beremorii re-Were oenduqtodiby.^Bieh^) O'Qiiipn,' who, in addressing, the congregation, dwelt upon the services - -rahioh. wene- renamed to £Etholies» byvSislors- ofi Moray. Faihara Ahsrn(,Breen, 0'Ccmnell;.and Cwiali; assated tbnhfehop. , Both ceromcniefl.wesa- largel^rat-- tended-.'' Tiin VbLn.ME,a^-- — A.rtrong .muster ofc the Metropolitan Battalion -oft the BiSk Volunteers took, place at the- ieilwaTt station 'on - Satwaday afla. ioon| jr 'dor rthe command ofi Major Snolt iufi;- As riikny as TOO riiori.wero-gMs'ent. They proceeded .to South Brisbane, .where a skirmish ing drill waa gona^thronghiin.a-very oxc^lent eiy^. Sqma volley, firing, and.- -manual drill concluded the exoroieeo. Cagtain M 'Ciilum, .was -'Second in command, ''An ' inapautibn.' aprada of-tho battalion and* the hand will ?^ace on Th, ired'.y ove oil, at- 3-o' clock. , IIkllt i and Leon; Thovbe-. — Th's well known ( troupe arrived. thi3* morning drom iiydney, and. will moko their appearairso to night at Ithe theatre,, t Thby,- put forward, a W^takijig pre gramme, .the Srat part oi which .twill, consist of ' MinstrelV ' business, and. tho seoond of short oomio-^cenb5j.8inging!, dnnbing, pud an, oho pe.-riormance by. Mr. Leon, entitled '?Twi'agl)t in the 3ark,'' Uhe- evening,! will: conclude with a muaioal, comedy-—' His; Grace the Lake,' in.whiehi Meaers.,Kqlly and, Leon hppe:,jr,.tiie former, aa' SEtoph'ilut theatrioal! manager;, and. 'the' ltt'tter ai Mist Zoui v Chtrrixytoii, . a, lady ambitious 'o'fi'bedqm (ingh.Ilucheos. lit'.! ; Kaw.. Ins^ltest.— -Patrick Shine, a£ Too iwoomba, storokeepar, who, this' day' adjudged lnsclTcnt before His. Honour, the Acting 'Ch:of Justioo, on the application, of ,Mr, IL. Wilson. TV* Beat maetlng was agpointed. for tha 27th instant. - 'c'' '' ' Misoblwnba. — XiierGjWcro two peai-a_nances off Carlton's Ghost on^mrtain'nie'nt att the 'old'' 8ohflol ofi Arts, on 8atnrday, arid- -hoblbl ' were noderateiy we'l . patrorticod. i .Tho. grflserit pro aramrne embruaaa aewoxal iiovelties.— The de posits injtho South Bcishiujo Woelrljy. Beany 3av!-igs, Bank on . Saturday Yoawqated .? . ^o, j£8 17s- lid — There! will io' disoiiiofiption' jmeotinfj {if. tha- liouaxncnt BulHIrig Society {to-monotr evening ahtho.-bfflifes^-lkii Adelai&Y; {atrgfetf. — The repottriS'thol'Wob^ftiah.Lttn'aiio jAsyliar fbr the week end', rig y heyday shriws Jthat:tiier^ wore 20? male- apdi, $80 .female jpatieats iri tha- institution, and SOimalo patients jn.the Ipswioh Baxnch AByir'!o/'''N,o'3deathJ JpyoafVedi^uring the- week PjOTir Dsns Gscet. — At the utting of this .Court to-jda$, a, vordiot for tha plaintiff for . airount ohdimod, witlTeosts, was, given in eaoh ' of -'foo following oases:— J. Watson v. Jacob JGa0i claiiA Jj3, 10m., for work and labour done ; N. Bartlojc v. M. Long, claim. £3 3s. for damage done to riropoity by defendam^a :°°WrX A dis tress warianit is^ne4 i.ipftbo case of John Petiie (-v. J, Davidson, in which tho- plaintiff obtained a verdicsj fox £12 14s.'.-3ld2', havUg beS rei t tuiaed eniiorjed nu{la bfrnfii :ap^li6alipn( pus . {made that IhO' dcft:ndiuit'''b(!1 requj'red to give ithe plaintiff an order So.roLVivp.thtf pqxtmonoy Idue and payable to the defendant by the Cor-, ! poration ^or works no:.w in progress;, the appli-, ' cation was granted. Da. Dinnys nays that ono of (ho most sic-' guliir ' doipcidoncos of Chinese with 'Westoin notions is oonnectod ? with Bhoes, , Xt is- ciai-, ternary ut a nmr-iiigo in South China for tho 'hrido to present her husband with a pais of shoes, by way of signifying ''that for tho' future Jiho! places : herself finder1 his cotifolV These are carefully preserved in thu family,, and are never given away like of Iler' wovn-out articles, it being deemed that, to -part with them poi-fonds an early .- separation between husband and wife) Dr. Dopayp compares this with tho Btatcmor.t in BraUhvyajto'e, j3oulster Lecturo, l&tO;, in which mention is made of an .anciont custom : — ' When at anytime a couple wore married, tho sole of the bridegroom's shoe was to ho'laid upon tho brido's head, implying with what subjection eho should sorve lioi husband.'1 ,, - Aril, use it. It i'b nt evoryi pioriio. 'Tt is in every kitdhon. It gives tho' finish to every dish fnr rrvjivipn'. .nrtiinn. jffam'n. flsK f»nltl mnnfo It assists digestion and inofeiises tho appetite. It has a place nt Govornmou't Houso, uud is seen at every respectable artisan's. The Pro tectionists use it buciiuso it is colonial;- the Frcctrudoro because it is cheap. It iB tho especial favourite with all classes, because, as one of thu Sydnoy clergymen wrote : — ' It is tho bsst 'yet made.' It is the Attstuaman Ukusii, made by IVashingtpu H. 8oul, of '/221, Pitt-street, mid . pqld by . every storekeeper, l'lipe,- Ono Shilling.— (Ai-vr,.i-,, : ? ,7 . ; : 