TOWN TALK. Renter telegraphs that Mr Berry and Pro- j fessor Pearson had a long conference with the Secretary of State for the Colonies on Wednesday, at which the present political | condition of this colony was fully discussed. The result of the interview is regarded by | Mr Berry as satisfactory. A second confer ence is to take place in a few days. The English mail steamer was off Glenelg | at 11.10 a.m. yesterday. In another column we publish a tele graphic aeconnt of the arrival and reception I of His Excellency the Marquis of Kormanby. The scene at Sandridge pier when he landed j was a most stirring one, an immense con course of people having assembled, and the enthusiasm manifested muBt have been deeply gratifying to the future wearer of vice-regal honors in this colony. In accord ance with the urgent request of the Marquis himself, the ceremony of " swearing-in'• was performed at Government House last night, the oath of office being administered by His | Honor Chief Justice Stawell. We have received another letter from Mr Roebuck on the subject of the Eastern Park expenditure, but it is couched in such in- sulting terms that we decline to publish it. Insult is not argument, and when employed as a substitute it is an indication of a bad case. A deputation of the Trustees of the Gee long Cemetery waited oh Mr Patterson yes- j terday, for the purpose of asking him to j grant a sum of money sufficient to fence in, | and perform sundry repairs, to the Cemetery of which they were the Trustees. Mr Pat terson gave an assurance that their claims would he duly considered. We regret to record the death of the Rev. Samuel Herman, Jewish Rabbi, which occurred yesterday forenoon, at 20 minutes to 11 o'clock, at the deceased gentleman's residence. Mr Herman has been ailing for nearly three weeks from inflammation of the lungs, and he has been attended by Drs. Day and Reid, but his death was not unexpected. The reverend gentleman, during his 10 years ministra- tions in Geelong, has earned for himself, owing to the interest he has taken in all charitable movements, the good wishes of all sections of the community. Mr Her- man, who was 84 years of age at the time of his death, was Rabbi of the-Jewish Church in Ballarat East for a period of five years, and he has been a resident of the colony for 16 years. He leaves a wife and family to mourn his loss. The remains of the de- ceased gentleman will be interred in the Jewish portion of the Eastern Cemetery at eleven o'clock this morning. At a special meeting of the Geelong West Borough Council yesterday Mr William Harris, of the Town Clerk's office, Geelong, was.appointed Town Clerk of the Borough named, out of 16 applicants: It wa3 re solved to call again for applications for the post of Surveyor at a salary of £100 pet annum, instead of £75 as previously adver tised. The attempt made to commit suicide by John Kimber, a young gardener, of Colac, on Monday last, has terminated fatally. Yesterday" forenoon Kimber sank rapidly, and died about noon, in the Hospital, to which place he was removed on Tuesday. Messrs W. Sidddey and Co., the agents for Messrs Money Wigram and Son's line of steam and sailing ships, are in receipt of a telegram from Captain Gibbs, of the s.s. Kent, dated Aden, 26th" February, an nouncing the arrival of the ICent-at Aden, from Melbourne. Probate was granted yesterday to the null of the late Robert Cuthbertson Hope. The personalty was sworn under £31,202. The third great blast at the bluestone quarry near the Prince Albert Bridge took place yesterday evening, the object being to upheave the rock for the purpose of supply ing stone ballast'for the Qneensclifie railway liue. The quarry is situated at the end of the tramway which runs through Chilwell, and, in order to push on the work of ballast ing the railway line, Messrs Topham, An gus and Smith determined to dislodge as mnch stone as possible in a short space of time. Accordingly a tunnel was driven into the hard bluestone to a distance of 47 feet, and then on an angle to the left for a distance of 3 feet, the work occupying a month. Yesterday afternoon a charge of 19041bs of Cornish blasting powder was put into the excavation, and at twenty minutes to six o'clock, when everything had been arranged for the blast, two lines of fnse on the outside of the tunnel were set alight, and these communicated with two other lines of fuse fixed inside the cavity, and in 20min. 45secs. the whole face of the quarry, for nearly 70 yards in length, trembled for an instant, and then fell with an awful crash. Oyer 15,000 yards of stone were dislodged — a quantity which, if blasted in the ordinary way, would take the workmen twelve months to get down. The supply of ballast thus obtained is expected to go a long way towards completing that requirement of the railway works. The blast cost £150, but the extent of stone dis lodged and the saving of labor will more than cover that expenditure. , We would remind our readers that the 1st of next month is the la3t day for obtaining electoral rights for the supplementary roll for the Legislative Council. •There was a large attendance of specula tors at Mack's Hotel' yesterday afternoon, on the occasion of the well-known property, Bell Park," being offered for sale by Messrs Backlaud and Burnett. The Park, consists of 122 acres 3 roods 20 perches, and is situated two miles from town, and there is a .large stone and brick dwelling in the centre. The property was owned by the late Major John Bell, and the sale was made under instructions from tlie trustees. The first bid was £2000, and the keen competition which took place ran the price to £4000, at which it was'purchased by the widow of the late Major Bell. The property, at the price named, was a bargain,"for more than double the'amount has been, so it was stated at the sale, expended in improvements to the Park itself. There was no offer for the paddock of 51 acres which adjoins the Park. • A girl named Dorcas Simmonds, aged three-years, whilst playing in Yarra-street yesterday afternoon, was knocked down and run over by a wagonette. The- only in juries the little girl suffered were a slight scratch on the left arm and several bruises, which were attended to at the Hospital. Our Melbourne correspondent writes :— A respectable-looking young man, named George M'Cullagh, was arrested in Swan "ston-street on Thursday morning by Detec tive Williams, on a . warrant charging him with obtaining money, under false pretences from two persons residing at Geelong. He was subsequently brought before the City Court, and on the application of the police was remanded to Geelong, bail being al lowed. It is stated that the accused con trived to obtain some small sums of money on his representation- that he was the agent for the Trade Protection Society of Mel bourne." A valuable building site in Hesse-street, Queenscliffe, was sold on Wednesday by Mr E. J. Jones, auctioneer, of Moorabool-street, for £270. The site has a frontage of 50 feet to Hesse-street, by a depth of 160 feet to a right-of-way 18 feet wide. Four years since the same site only brought 30s _per foot. Yesterday afternoon a countrywoman, who had taken more beverages than were good for her,-was endeavoring to drive a horse and cart along' Moorabool- street, and, her crooked driving jeopardising steadier equestrian traffic, the fair one was taken in charge by a policeman and lodged in the lock-up, the horse and cart being removed, of course, tp other quarters. The Mayor and Mr Heron, P.M., attended at the Police Court yesterday morning, bat there were no police or civil cases on the list. Mr W. H. Powell has retired from the contest for Footscray. The candidates now are Messrs Clarke, Newell, Fisher, and Gaunson. The gentlemen - who, according to their own accounts, were inclined to resist the Kelly, gang while engaged in their opera tions at Jorilderie, have since applied for re moval to Sydney. The gold escort left Charters Towers on the 20th February with 35S7«z. lOdwt. for the Bank of Queensland ; 2789oz. ISdwt. 3gr. for the Joint Stock Bank ; and olGoz. ISdwt. 9gr. for the Bank of New Sonth Wales—total, GS94oz. 4dwt. 12»r. On -Wednesday night a man named Ed ward Chipley was admitted into the Mel bourne Hospital with both his legs terribly crushed, and nearly severed from his body. He had been run over by a train on the Mel bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, near the Punt road, Richmond. He died earlv yes terday morning. The woman O'Neill, residing at Emerald Hill, who was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Friday last suffering from severe burns, owing to her clothes catching fire accidentally, died on Wednesday. An in quest was subsequently held, at which the jury,-after hearing the evidence, returned a verdict of accidental death. A petition signed by 80 residents of Tarra winowie and Kalpinniug, asking the Go vernment to suppress'the rabbit nnisance on Crown lands in that locality, was on Wed nesday presented to the Minister of Lands ■by Mr MacBain, M.L. A. The ^petitioners alleged that unless the rabbits were kep' down there must be a speedy cessation of agriculture in the district. MrLougmore promised to consider the petition, and send a written reply. - The Adelaide correspondent of the Argus telegraphed on Wednesday:—A lad of 14, named Fogarty, in attempting to cross the railway line at Millicent, was run over by a locomotive coming slowly along. The driver stopped^ in time to prevent more than the front wheels passing over both leg3. The boy died from the injuries. An Ar?/us telegram from Echuca. dated Wednesday, saysIt is rumored that the Kellys, or a new gang of bushrangers, are in the neighborhood of Gnnbower, some thirty miles from here. Twelve troopers, fully :armed, arrived by special train to-day, and immediately started off in that direction. A Sydney telegram to the Herald, dated yesterday, saysAnother notorious gang of bushrangers, who had just commenced operations in imitation of the Kellys in the Dubbo district, have been cleverly captured by Sergeant M'Kenzie and four Dnbbo troopers.' The gang had stuck up the Tim balongrc station after the manner1 of the Kelly gang, and then disappeared rapidly. In twenty-four hoars they were captured. These men are quite distinct from the Bal ranald gang. By the evening Eshnca train on Wednes day, a farmer named Frank Robertson, 40 years of age, was brought to Sandhurst in a very precarious condition. It ' appears (writes the Bemligo Independent) that the unfortunate man, who resides near Elmore, is suffering from religious mania. He called at Cook's Hotel, Elmore, on the day named, and seeing a man engaged there cleaning knives, he borrowed one of those articles; and with it mntilated himself in a most ex traordinary manner. He was forwarded the police as soon as possible, to Sandhnr and conveyed to the Beudig.) Hospital. 1 to a late hour onWednesday night he u lying in a very precarious state. . By the s.s. Wotonga dates have been ceived from Noumea to 21st inBt. The Anj correspondent, referring to the surrender native chiefs mentioned, in our" Sydn telegrams yesterday, says A few n< remain in the Foa district nncapture A minor chief -named Parauoue, i torious for his insults to soldiers,' w captured hut escaped. He was je-ca tured,..and condemned to be shot. On t way to execution he again escaped, but- w re-taken by the natives two days later, ne Bourail, and his head brought in. The I surgeuts are surrendering in all quarters hundreds. . - The' Cornwall (Tasmania) Chronicle ma the following foggy, but funny, aunounc ment the other dayThe Marquis Normanby is en route lor Sydney, via Mi bourne, his new seat of .government, Governor Gcueral of New South Wales ; b we believe it is not etiquette for a n< Governor to enter the territory he is abo to govern until the retiring Governor leave and as Sir Hercules Iiobiuson is not to lea Sydney before the loth March, the Marqi of Noimauby may feel disposed to spend few days in Tasmania, previous to procce mg to Melbourne on his way to Sydney No doubt, the Chronicle has before this d: eoveredthat tho Marquis of Normanby is to ba Governor of Victoria. For disingenuous writing and reasoning tbc A r/7i:s certainly stands unequalled. In its yesterday's issue it says:—" We under stand that Mr Harper means to take every possible step to protect the rights of the Newham electors, who have been arbitrarily disfranchised. A petition will be presented to the Governor in Council praying him not to issue iSiy order purporting to validate the incomplete poll, and if no earlier re dress is possible the seat will be contested before tbc Flections and Qualifications Com mittee." Would it not have been more honest to Lave said that "Mr Harper meaus to take every possible step to oust Mr Deakin from West Bourke and secure the seat for himself ?" Intelligence has been received of the death of Mr William Macaulay, one of the London managers of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company." Mr Macaulay (says the Argus) was well known in Mel bourne, having resided here for a short period at various times. He married here, in 1SG3, a daughter of tlio late Mr Lawrence Roatrim, of Melbourne. Air Macaulay's last visit to this colony was in 1S73, when (in conjunction with Air Kendall, the com pany's resident ageut) he negotiated the ex isting contract between the Government of Victoria and the company. No particulars of his death are as yet to hand, bat he was kuown to have been ailing for some months past. Air Alacanlay was about 49 years of age. A telegram from Terang to last night's Herald states-:—A large bush fire broke out. yesterday morning, on the lower part of Shaw's station,. ICilnoorat. The church, which was the oldest in the Western dis trict, was bnrnt down. The wind was very strong, and the fire swept down on to Reid's Eddington station at a terrific rate, going through rye grass and clover paddocks as fast as a good horse could gallop: All the men were away at the sheep dip -on the lower part of the run. Mrs Reid and the servant girls pluckily faced the fire, beating it out with bags, thus keeping it back from the lionse till assistance arrived from Glenormiston and other places. The house was saved with difficulty. It was. insured for a large amount, and it must have been burnt but for Airs Reid's plnck and presence of mind. The fire came up to the door, and burnt two large haystacks. A | good deal of grass was burnt on Eddington. ' Mr AI 'Arthur also suffered great loss. The fire made nearly a clean sweep of his Men ningoort station. The house, however, was saved. The ladies at AI'Arthur's also helped to keep it back from the bouse. Air AI'Ar thur's hat took fire on his head. Mr A. K. Finlay's horse bolted, and capsized the bugey. The thirteenth and last exhibition of Mr D'Arcy Bead's Ghost takes place to- night at the Mechanics' Hall The programme for the occasion will contain an entirely new illusion, invented in Singapore, called the "Chinese Phantom Dancers," which has been most en thusiastically received everywhere. The fairy story of " Beauty and the Beast" is to be re peated by particular desire, and the_ highly amusing " ilaunted House" will bring the evening to a c ose. We are requested to state that there is not the sb'ghtest chance of this entertainment being repeated after to-night, so those who have any intention of witnessing it must take advantage of this last o[ portu nity. The annual meeting of the Geelong "Vine growers' Association will be held at 2 p.m. on Saturday, at the Swiss Boardinchou-e. An Appeal Court will be held in the Shire Had, Belmont, at 10 a.m., on the 15 h March. The day coach to Terang will commence running on Saturday next, and will pass through Mount Moriac, Winchelsea, Gelli hrand, Colae, Pirron Yallock, and Camper down. Messrs Mountjoy Bros., of Lome, announce in our advertising columns that on and after the4th March, they will run their coach from Geelong to Lome, and vice versa, on alternate days. 