PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. —Argus, 12th Sep tember. The Assembly plunged into the debate on the Re- form Bill so soon as it met yesterday, and for the first time the discussion was worthy of the occasion and the subject. The speakers were Messrs Pearson and Gillies. Other hon. members were ready tb fpl- JoWj adjournment o£ the debate was moved'by' Major Smith at half-past 9 o’clock, in order that the tariff might be taken, and In doing so the hon. gentle . man /explained that; as a call-, of the -House,- would' be made on Thursday the 25th ' September, the r second reading would not be taken until, •*“??». «?d. hon.,, members' Would have', ample oppor* lenities of addressing .themselves to ; tha subject. Professor Pearson’s speech took the House to a great extent by surprise; for it was of a nature that caused the cheers to:■ come ' principally from" the Opposition side. Themaiuuse of the present bill, he considered; would be that it .wbuld-lead to some reasonable pro posal for a compromise -from the second Chamber. Some amussment~had been.caused on a previous evening, by the quotation of a passage'from Professor, Pearson’s speech of last session, highly- condemnatory: er Houses. The hon. member how said'that he adhered to these views, and the reason lie gave for believing that the Government proposal would result in failure—would call a thoroughly obstructive and> irresponsible body into existence—was very approvingly received by members to ' the left of the Speaker. The plebiscite is a. hobby with Professor ■ Pearson, and he' believes that, though"English - ;statesmen do not like it, they would - hot object to, a Hefbrm Bill coming from the people of Victoria alone. At the same'time, the hon, gentleman—apparently unconscious‘of the paradox— went on to say that it would be inadvisable to apply the plebiscite to money bills because during the excitement ; consequent Upon some Mississippi scheme or South Sea bubble,/'irreparable mischief might be done. The hon. member concluded by an appeal to the House not to seek -party objects, but to lay the ghost of reform,-and he sat down amid a solemn silence on his own side, though some cheers came front the corners. Mr Gillies made aneffeo tivo ■ debating speech. The -criticism -and; the altitude' of the _ Opposition: last session : 'were,- he contended," justified by the fact' that. the Government had abandoned their, first billj and substituted another of a very different character. The new bill, Mr Gillies says, has broken down already, for with the sixth clause taken out .there is nothing what-', everinitto prevent deadlocks. .The hon,' member quoted from Mr Berry’s memo, to the Governor after, the abortive conference of last year, in which Mr Berry declares that he. - has, offered-the Norwegian scheme, a reduction'of the franchise, and the dissolu- ; tion of the two Houses, and has made the offer in vain. Mr Gillies says that Mr Berry, having advanced his foot so far, should not withdraw it.. On this basis, and on this basis alone, is reform possible. Mr Gillies kept the attention of a full House for nearly two hours and a half, and the hon. member was rewarded by: his party with warm applause.- 