JVEW8 OF THE WEEK. One day last weok as Mr. John Bovoridgo was returning homo from Gundagai, driving Mr. John Jonkins to Nangus, ho met with a couplo of accidents, noithorof winch wero fortunately attended with any sorious injury. Tho accidonts are' attributed to tho freshnoss of tho horsos, ono of which is said to have shied and oauso tho buggy to go ovor a fallen liinb of a troe, whoro by Mr. Jonkins was pitched out oil tho ground, and sustained a bruised shoulder. Tho injuries (except to tho buggy) woro not groat, but thoy might havo beon moro painful. Mit. William Fraseu of Snowball lost a draught liorso last week through tho bito of a snako. These reptiles aro vory plentiful this season, nnd persons iu the bush should bowaro lest suddenly tlioy trend on ono, and aro pain fully reminded of it afterwards. Notwithstand n; tl at fruit is so cheap wo froquontly hear of nocturnal thefts, and in somo cases tho pilforings havo not boon confined to pockotsfull. Wo boliove a enso will be brought boforo tho Court to-day of this nature, and for tho good of society wo hope tho young culprits will bo suitably punished. The suddon rising of tho wind on Sunday night might havo beon attonded with disastrous results had it not boon for tho alacrity displayed by Dr. Marshall. Tho greater .portion^if his family , had retired tojrost; but onoofthodaughtcrs, instead of putting away hor dross as usual, hung it on a nail somewhere in tho draught, and tho wind hoing strong tho gauzy fabric was blown on to a lighted candlo, the result was ig nition of that and othor articlos in tho room. Tho screams of tho young lady brought Dr. Marshall instantly on tho spot, who, seeing at a glanco what tho rosult of delay would be, at onco began to extinguish tho flames, and by tho time ho had dono so his hands woro sovoroly burned. Howovor, ho fortunately happoned to b'o in tho house, otherwise, without tho prompt ness displayed by hira on tho occasion, nothing could havo saved tho dwolliug from hoing re duced to ashes. On Sunday last Edward Davis met with a sovero accident at Goborralung. Ho was polo vaulting at Mr. N. Carborry's, and whon ill tho act of endeavouring to clear oight foot tho polo hroko and ho fell on his head. When taken up he was quito insensible, and ho renuiinod in that stato for fifteen minutes. IIo was put to bed, and it was suggested that Dr. McKillop should bo sent for, but on reeovoring consciousness he said lio did not fcol that ho rcquirod a doctor. Ho is still, however, confined to his bod. Foil some tiino past operations at tho Com mercial Bank building havo boon dolaycd for want of bricks. Wo notico that bricks aro now being carted iu, and work seems to bo in rapid progress. The Hospital Mooting convonod for Tuesday last did not tako place, owing no doubt to tho heavy rain falling at tho time. This is St. Valontine's day, and our post-offico officials will not bo sorry whon tho memory of this amatory saint dies out. Somo of our towns men who havo beon roinomborodby thoir friends havo adorned tho outsido of their dwellings with tho cartoons thoy have received. Last year ono of tho houses in town resombled a lino-art gallery, tho only difficulty experienced was where to pasto up tho various ' compliments ' so as to show thorn, off to tho best advantage. We hoar that tho quality of tho wheat grown tiiia season is very inferior, and that tho yield of flour is fully 21bs less por bushel of wheat than formerly. Tho grain is likowiso dirt)'; ono miller informod us that twonty bugs of wheat after being cleaned only turned out fifty bushels. Tho result of this is that tho millors have had to raiso thoir prices for grinding. By advertisement it will bo obsorvod that all who aro in favour of having a day's racing on St. Patrick's Day, March 17th, aro rcquestod to meet thisovoning, at tho Criterion Hotel. Tiie following selections were taken up at tho Gundagai Laud-olfico yesterday Ann Presley, 100a., Coonoy James R. Garland and others, trustees of tho will of Robert K. BrougUtou, 100a., Calafat John Donnelly, 100a., Yabtroo! James Perry, 40a., Monoy Monoy William H. Jonkins, 211a., Tonondra Thomas Christian, 40a., Tarrabaudra Thomas Downes, 38a., Burra W. H. Smith, 50a., Buna Esther Smith, 50a., Burra. Aiiout 10 o'clock, a.m., on Tnosday, a most wolcomo chango in tho weather took plaeo, and tho rain continued to fall ull day. Sinco tho rain tho days and nights havo been tolorably fine. On Wcdnosday thoro wero indications of a fiuilior dowpour, but nono fell. The picture ' Dumc and tho Shower of Gold' turns out to ho a copy. It was exhibited in Sydney iu 1817, and is thus noticed in tho ' S. M. Iloralii' : — ' Dan® and tho Showorof Gold,' after Titian. A very good copy ; tho drawing: correct and chaste ; tho colouring- lifeliko, und a lino breadth of light and shado. Worthy of a better frame than tho plastor wall. A young man named Harrison, an omployo of tho Australasia Coal Company, was killed on tho railway-lino near Waratah Crossing on Monday morning. Ho was run over by tho train. Early on Sunday morning a hut at Haydon ton, near Murrurundi, was burned down. It had beon occupied by a woman liamod Ann Whitfiold, and her romains woro afterwards found in tho ashes charted to a cinder. At tho inquest an opon verdict was roturnod. Tho Victoria has been despatched from Mol bourno to tho wreck of tho Korangio. Tho wreck of that vessel took pluce whon tho second officer was on tho watch, but tho captain was on tho bridgo at tho time. Tho land was ohscurod by a denso smoke. Colonel Scratchloy roviowed about 550 of tho Brisbane and Ipswich volunteers on Saturday. The Chinoso question was considered by tho Victorian Cabinet on the 28th ultimo, and it was dotorminiid to givo their full support to any aotion that might bo taken by tho New South Wales anil' Queensland. Govornmonts for regu lating immigration. Nearly £1000 has already boon subscriboil in Victoria, in aid of tho sufferers by tho City of Glasgow liauk failure. A novel instrument, called tho 'Totalisator,' has boon introduced and patented in the colony. It can bo used for various purposes, such as for cheeking consumption and cash roceipts in hotel bars ; for chocking gatokoopors in taking monoy at publio ontortaiumonts ; for scoring oricket matches ; for making up sweopstakos, &s.; Tho introducer is Mr. Soigfried Francis, of 125 King street, Sydnoy. A SNAKE fourteen feot long was killed outsido of tho Goulburn Hospital last week, by a boy named Macdonuld. For tho last fow days thoro has boon groat mortality amongst dogs and fowls in tho neigh bourhood of Snowball, and it is supposed somo person has boon leaving poisoned baits along tho roadsido, or very closo thereto. As many child ren nro in tho habit of playiug about wooro tho baits aro laid they aro oxposcd to tho dangor of boing poisoned. The Clarondon mail, which usod to, arrivo in Gundagai ovory Wednesday and Saturday at G p.m., leaving again tho following morning, now loaves Gundagai ovory Wednesday and Satur day at 2 p.m., arriving at Clarendon at 8.30 p.m. ; returning from Clarondon ovory Sunday and Thursday at 5 n.m., arriving at Gundagai at noon. This mail sorvico used to bo dono by coach, but not finding it sufficiently remuno rativo tho contractor now does it on horsoback. Tiie now lino of tolograph Mtweon Coota mundru and Gundagai is so far completed that it is oxpectod it will bo oponod- for work to-day. Tho posts aro far superior to tho old ones, but wo think tho Government might havo placed iron posts in tho town ; tho cost would havo boon but a triflo oxtra, and ti[o appearanco would bo plousing. A Medical Dofonco Association is boing formed in Molbourno. Resolutions for adopting moasuros to chock tho indiscriminate abuso of medical charities, tho suppression of illogal practico, an alteration in tho prosont modo of olocting medical officers to tho various charities, and an alteration -.in tho mothod of making medical appointinonts by tho Government, wero agreed to. The Agent- General has sont a lottor to tho Victorian Government, stating that ho has pur chased, on thoir behalf, an oloctric-light appa ratus for tho Cerborus, similar to that now in uso on H.M.S. Isis. Tho cost of tho machino will ho about £1200, and thoro will also bo necessary a powerful stoaiu-ongino to work it, to bo provided in Molbourno. Mr. Michio has also procured six G in. Armstrong guns, 77 owt. each, to bo usod for tho armament of tho Nolson. A SMALL shareholder in tho A.S.N. Co. writes to ask if thoro is any officer of tho company who has accumulated £10,000 at tho exponso of tho proprietors during tho lust two or threo years. Ho also wishes to know if any officor in tho oinploy has prostituted his position to employ his own incompetent relatives in tho company's service. Ho -wishes inquirios to bo made into tlio mechanical working of tho company, anil thinks it would provo of grout' benolit to tho small shareholders. Tasmax, in tho ' Ilobart Town Morcury ' of tho 23rd instant, says that thoro camo.. to a clerical friend of his, a few wcoks ago, a young gentleman newly arrived in tho colony, an undorgraduato of tho Univorsity of Cainbridgo. Presenting a letter of introduction from a col logo chum of tho rovorend's, tho now arrival sought advico as to his futuro inovomonts. ' 'What are your views ? ' inquired tho cleric. ' O ! ' replied his visiter, ' that's just tho point. I am told that I can got into tho church on tho ono hand, and I havo an offer from a music-hall proprietor, of a six months' ongagomont as comic man and hookkeoper at £4 10/- a wook, on tho other hand. Both nro iu my lino, as theso testimonials will, provo. Givo mo your advice.' Tho young follow accepted tho sorio comic business. iEaLKS writes iu tho 'Australasian': An action of an extraordinary character is threatened. - A lady from this sido of tho Straits ,paid Hobart Town a visit, and lodged in; a houso which, I bo liovo, had. formerly boon used as military bar racks. Sho became conscious of a nightly visitant whom, sho concluded, must bo immaterial and ghostly. Hor husband, who followed hor to Tasmania, was similarly afflicted by a liko hallucination. Thoy subsequently montioned tho disturbance of thoir rest by tho apparition, which was suid to bo in tho form of a young lady with a baby in hor anus, an 'unfortunate Miss Bailey,' with Tusmanian ufiinitios. Tho result is an allogod injury to tho business of tho bouriling- houso, and a claim of £350 for damages. Tho dofondants will, I suppose, have thrown upon them the onus of proving tho ghost, which may not bo so oasily seen in daylight, to tho satisfaction of twolvo unimaginativo tradesmen in a jury-box. The Bishop of Goulburn on Saturday morning consecrated tho comotory of tho late Mr. Thomas Mort, in tho prcsonco of tho family and many of tho inhabitants of Bodalla. Tho Bishop, at tho gravo, delivered an appropriate address, ia which ho spoko highly of tho character of Mr. Mort, and of tho groat loss which his family and tho colony genorally had sustained by his do coasc. IIi- also expressed satisfaction at tho X-rospect of having Mr. Mart's worth associated with a memorial church at Bodalla. A theatrical, agont named William Winn, alias Do Glorian, has givon himsolf into custody at Nowcastlo under peculiar circumstances. He states that about twolvo months ago, whilst staying at tho lloyul Ilotol, Glen Innos, ho robbed tho manager of tho hotel — whom ho had previously put to bed drunk — of £82, and that tho affair had over sinco continuously proyod on his mind. Ho says that when under tho influ ence of liquor ho fcols tempted to commit suicido. no stnnds rouiundcd for further ovidonco, A 1'IitE at Axo Crook, near Sandhurst, con sumed a quantity of agricultural produce and a threshing-machino, valued ut £350. A man named Frederick Barkor dislocated his nock whilo bathing at IConny's baths, St. Kilda Miss Julia Emery, a young lady moving in a rcspcctablo splioro of life, committed suicido' by hanging, in Molbourno. Thoro aro only two solutions oltercd for tho rash act— lovo and tho great hout. A bunch of grapes grown near Tullainoro, I King's'Co., Ireland, was exhibited iu London recently. It weighs 191bs., was 30 inches long, and 28 inchcs across tho shouldors. This is something for Mr. Aloxandor Young to endea vour to oxcol. Wo aro informed that last yoar Mr. Nicholls grow at Mount Adrah a bunch of grapes which turned tho scales at 2G lbs. Mr. T. S. Clibboiin has been instructed by Sir Ilorcules Robinson to disposo of tho wholo of his horsos, including thoso that usually occupiod a placo in His Excolloncy's four-horso team, also tho threo-year-old Duckonfiold nnd sevoral first-cluss gontlomon's nnd ladies' hacks. Tho fine English four-in- hand drag, with all tho appointments, will ulso bo sold. The street gutters in Molbourno aro a caution. During a heavy downpour of rain lately a man was washod into ono crossing a street, and was buried noxt day. The Mayor of Molbourno rocoives £1300 a year, and suporl) official apartments. Ho of Sydnoy £800, tho Brisbano man £400, and Adelaido pays £700. The shareholders of tlio Clunos Consuls Co., in Victoria, havo spoilt £80,000 on tho cluim, without tho return of an ounce of gold. A rich reef has just boon found. At a recont mooting of tho Captain Cook fttdtuo committed, Sir Aflfrcql Stephen stated thuti Mi'. Fisher, tho singing master, intended to provido a choir of 150 of tho 'best-looking' gills with tlio best voices to sing ' Hulo Britan nia ' and ' God Suvo tho Qitoon.' Tho ceremony of unveiling tlio statuo of Captain Cook is to tako placo at lialf-pust ten on tho morning of tho 25tli instant. Tho day will bo proclaimed a public holiday. A severely moral old bachelor in Forbes had a dead fat porker, fully 120lbs., ready for tho shop, placo iu bod as a joko. His norves woro shaken a littlo whon first ho saw tho rounded form in his singlo bed. But ho took heart, and sold tho porkor, and, curious to say, nobody ovor claimed it. — 1 Times.' The 1 Burrangong Argus ' reports that sovoral cases of typhoid fever havo occurred iu the neighbourhood of Young. On Wcdnosday week last tho Prosiilont briefly addressed tho Wosloyuu Conforonco, then sit ting. Ho said that it would greatly facilitate tho business if all prosont would obsorvo tho following suggestions: — Not to speak ofton or long but to speak to tho point. This hoing tho first sossion of tho mixed Conference tho roll was called, and tho following, amongst othor lay representatives, answored to their names : — Mr. William Davies, M.L.A., Goulburn; Mr. Thos. Cummins, Yass ; Mr. W. R. Reynolds, Gunning ; Mr. E. G. Adams, Adolong ; Mr. T. Sonthwoll, Queanboyan ; Mr. WillinmRiloy, WuggaWugga; Mr. II. Hosio, Young; Mr. James Boxsoll, Cootamundra. Tho roconimcndution of tho Goulburn district mooting that that district bo divided, and that Wagga Wuggu bo tho hcud of anew district, to includo tho Wagga Wagga, Young, Cootamundra, Adelong, Ui-ana, Donili quin, and Hay circuits, with any now circuits that may bo formed in tho south and south- west parts . of tho colony, was not adopted by tho Conforonco. On tho motion of tho Rev. W. Clarko and Mr. W. Davies, M.L.A., it was re solved that Taralga bp transferred from tho Cookwcll circuit to tho Goulburn circuit, on condition that tho Goulburn circuit havo a second minister. Mr. Boxsoll moved — ' That tho Cootamundra minister bo not ' required to visit tho Young circuit periodically lis at pre sent.' Carried. It was also rosolvod to soiul a married minister to tho Cootamundra circuit. The town of Chiltom, in Victoria, has boon almost totally dostroyed by fire. Mr. William Davies, M.l\, lias boon elected Mavov of Goulburn. 