haunted london. : Under the. above beading a correspondent of the A'eio York Tribme writes to that journal a letter .'which; cannot but be interesting to all lovers , of. ; Dickens, who will be surprised as well .as delighted to find how much evidence there is to be found in the groat city tending to show: that the novelist drew his inspiration from the scenes around' him : — To most of us, says the. writer, . the characters in Dickensri earlier bookB .are actual living personages. I no more doribted that I should discover the footprints of Sam in the Borough, and find the very house of Mrs. Gamp in Kingsgate-Btreet than I questioned that the ghost of Samuel Pepys made "mighty morry" at -the Cock over against Temple Bar, and Will Waterproof still repeated there his lyrical monologues, or that when I seated myself on one of the ancient wooden benches of the Chesliire Cheese in a dark little alley off Fleet-street, I should he half-conscious of the presence of Oliver Goldsmith and Dr. Johnson in their accustomed corner. When the guard's ,'horn called me to the window the other morn ing, and I saw the bright yellow and black : mail coach roll rapidly across Trafalgar-square, I remembered that it was on the, roof of just huch a vehicle, fifty years ago, that Mr. Pick- ' wick and his friends started, from' that very : spot, ; on their memorable journeys. , It' was there, next , to the corner of the Strand, that Mr. Pickwick, as the second chapter of the book relates, was assaulted . by the .cabman, yrho took him for an informer; .. here the voluble. Jingle, elbowing his, way .through the crowd; made his first appearance ,in .the story and there , the ..whole; party, mounted .to, the: .roof of the, Rochester, coach, in the stable-yard' of . the . Golden Cross .Tavern, : Xhe!- old; ! tavern arid; ! its low archway. ; are , io' ..more, '...hut a portentous, .,! Golden Cross Hotel . on ;th» same site, -perpetuates, ,.the' !historib associations. ,, Hayiqg witnessed,, as it ,'were the" departure of ; th'e expedition, it;, was .'riot unnatural tlrnt l shpuld lobk 'f urther for traces- of the club, and "I J'ost rio, "time in betaking myself .to Gosweli-street,- where, ' :asi 'eyerybody .knows, Mr.,'Pickwick lodged in the .house of Mrs, . Bardell, A . roundabout stroll! ;past Iiirriival's Inn, in vvhose, quiet. ;; chambers .the first, pages of " Pickwick'-' ( were ' Written,, and . John .Westlock long : afterwards gave, the .tremendous . banquet to Torn Pinch and 'Ruth— tberi: the! "chambers haunted by the image of .Mr. Perkeri zi'.Through Clerken-' '.well, ;wliere I found in a.naribw strect on the edge, of.', the!Italian quarts, a.'cfis"mal shop one . step below; the sffiewaffi, ' with a'stuffed canary in. the, window, a shop which, I had no .difficulty, in Jden'tifying aq: tha ; establishiaent of ." Mr. yerius, Preserver- , bf Ariimiila and " Brids, , Ai- ticulator'. of Xuiriari Bones"— -a 'stroll , through regioris(7i had 'never, traversed beforei arid yet which , sebnied oddly familiar, as if I had seen, them iri a droam — brought me .at last .to rthe.Btreet; I wanted. It is. in a part of London -where' / there have!, been, many modern improyeriieriits."' There! is a broad and bustling thoroughfare— they have changed its name nowtoGbswell-rbad— where Mrs. Bardell 'once "cdurited theretireriae'nt arid tranquillity of GpsweU:steeet,- and placed in her front" parlor 'window a' written placard. betriing the. insorip- tion ' Aparjfcmehts fmriished 'for. a single gentle man.' " A' huge block of model lodgirig-houses rears a variegated front of brick at the corner where I(ca.me out upon the road. A horse ,railway: keeps the neighborhood noisy. ' But , a little further on towards the heart of the city the old .name of Gosweli-street reappears .in ! some ancient isigns, arid! just" before I reached Aldersgate I' cairie upon a, row of shabby brick, buildings wluch seemed to have been forgotten and left, behind, iri . .the march of improvement. ' " They- are. three- story-and-attic houses, with hipped roofs,! covered with red tiles. Ths brick, ori'ce yel low, is black with , age and smoke. The windows are almost as blade as the brick. ..Time ' and decay have set.their mark all over . them, and T am sure that inside we should find.creakirig furniture and stained walls. It is plain that they were dwelling-houses originally, but the ground floor of each has been turned into a shop. Except for t>n» change and for the accumulation of fifty years' grime, they must be in the same condition as when Mr. Piokwick, throwing open his cham ber window at the beginning of the novel, looked out upon the world beneath. ' " Gosweli-street was at his feet, . Gosweli- street was on his right hand — as far as the eye could reach Goswell-ttreet extended on his left ; and the opposite side of Gosweli-street was over the way." These , peculiarities of the situation remain unaltered. I amused myself by selecting one of the row as the identical house Dickens must have had in his eye when he described the lodgings of his hero, for pictures of London streets and buildings are to be found in his pages far more, graphic than those of any guide-book. There is now a cheese and butter shop in the front parlor where Mrs. Bardell entertained Mrs. Ghippins and Mrs. Sanders at tea, and an obtrusive signboard, hearing the inscrip tion, " The Little "Wonder," displayed itself over the door. But all above that is the same house I have figured to myself ever since I was a boy. It is a short walk from Gosweli- street to St. Paul's or it would be short but for the ir resistible temptations to turn aside. Carthu sian-street beckons us on to the Charter house, whose grey stone cloisters and soft green carpeted coorta seem indescribably peaceful and beautiful in the midst of the surrounding turmoil of trade. The ancient school is no longer here ! it has quarters now in the country ; but another school — that of tho Merchant Tailors — has acquired the old buildings. The boys were playing at ball when I looked into .the enclosure, and one might almost have fancied that Lovelace and Addison, Dick Steele and Sir William Blackstorie, John Wes ley and Thackeray, and John > Leech, were all at sport there'together. Past Smithfield, and in and out of the labyrinthine alleys of Cloth Fair and Bartholomew Close, we come to St. Bartholomew Hospital — sacred for ever to the memory of Bob Sawyer and Betsy Prig — and then to Christ's Hospital; where a stone King, a3 priiri as' a preacher, holds out his warning sceptre over the bareheaded blue- coat boys. Under the covered walks on the i Newgate-street side, Bome of the lads were pacing to and fro in sober conversation; but there is another quarter from which I think the place looks more alluring a stout iron railing discloses a view of a shady quad- rangle ; the tall stone buildings around it are darkly stained in huge patches, as if the smoke-laden London fogs of 300 years, be coming condensed under the eaves and liritels, had dripped and steamed down the facade in liquid blackness. There I found boys at play, with their blue cassocks tucked up about the leather belts, and their yellow, legs at liberty. You get this view of Christ's Hospital from Little Britain, a narrow street which bends at a right angle like an L ; Irving has made the quarter famous, but it has lost the character istics which he described, and is commonplace now and modern. It brings 11a back to Al- dersgate-street, and by this. route, oa the day whose wanderings I am trying to tell, I found my way into Cheapside and the Poultry, and past the Mansion House into Lombard-street, the chief resort of financiers. On tho loft of this highly respectable street is a small, square gateway cut through an imposing modern building. It might have been made for a car riage entrance, but it looked as if carriages never used it. A crowd of business men were passing in and out, and the polished granite columns of some commercial palace were visible in the court within. Over the gate way was a small sign which read "George Yard." It can hardly be necessary to remind the reader of Charles Dickens that iri George Yard, Lombard-street, stood the George and Yulture Tavern, where Mr. Pickwick and Sam j Weller found during the greater part of the ' time covered by the published narrative of . their adventures "yevy good, old-fashioned, comfortable quarters," I did not expect ' to seo a trace of the old tavern ; but I went in, The coach-yard has been turned into a clean, narrow, paved, court. The new stone buildings which lift their tall fronts around it ; remind you of a row of expensive offices in Wall-street. Hostler arid boots and trim -chambermaid have given place to brokers and -insurance clerks. But off at the furthest end .of the yard, ao crowded and elbowed by showy offices that only a fragment of it — the breadth of one window — peeps around the corner of an alley, iB a house of more modest aspect, upon which I read the half-effaced sign of " The George and Vulture Tavern." The pavt that >is visible from the court seems to have been re- . hewed, or 6tuccoed, but passing around to the other side I found blackened brick walls .anil old-fashioned windows, which the historian of : the Pickwick Club may well have had iri ' his mind when he sketehed the tavern. The ground floor ;has been much changed. The coffee-room, enlarged by the outgrowth of an excrescence like a Fulton Market coffee- stall, is now a ' chop-house of the slap-bang variety, with fresh oak wainscoting and a ge neral flavor of pewness. On one side is a huge broiling range, with a cook in white cap arid apron ; opposite the door, in, a little enclosed bar, stands a buxom landlady attended by an imp of a pot-boy. In a corner is an open window with a wooden barrier in front of it, and here, into some kind of invisible bin, the frantic waiters toss the unconsnmed fragments before; they "chuck" the dirty plates to the scullion.. . I sat opposite a commercial gent, who was. shovelling peas, and ate my chop from a platter of tinned iron. This was the city eat ing-house of one of thelatter novels rather than ; the; quiet tayern of an eariier time ; yet Ifound no great difficulty in restoring — to my own sa- tisfaction— -the features of the original Inn, and imagining that- it was up the staircase which now leads ii'ght into the eating-room that the sheriff's officer forced his way past Sam Weller on the morning when Mr. Pickwick was taken from the George and Vulture to jthe Fleet. Probably I was wrong in all my fancies ; but I came out with such a lively sense of the re ality of the novelist's characters that I was not in the least surprised when X saw painted in large letters over the door of a mercantile establishment of decorous appearance, at ;No. 1 Ferichur.ch-street, the sign . ." Dombey and Son." . The monument, rearing its ridiculous head a few blocks away, reminded me that Todgers's Commercial Boardingliouse ought to be near at hand. I have seen, up besmeared and se cluded lanes in the city, a great many com mercial boardinghouses which answer to the descriptions of that famous abode. They lurk in blind and forgotten alleys, and their pro prietors have a singular habit of putting up little illegible signs in places where nobody can discover them except after persevering search ; I came upon one of these secret sign- hoards over the inner side of an archway, where it could only be Been by a per son coming away from the house. If I failed to single out from among numerous dingy places of the sort the particular one which was graced by the services of young Bailey and honored by the patronage of Mr. Pecksniff, I consoled, myself jiy recalling the remark of the novelist that nobody ever found Todgers's by a verbal direction. "You couldn't walk about in Todgers's neighborhood as you could in any other neighborhood — you groped your way for an hour through lanes, and by-ways, and court-yards, and passages ; and you never once emerged upon anything that might reasonably be called a street. A kind of re signed distraction came over the stranger aB he trod those devious mazes, and, giving him self up for lost, went in and out and round about and quietly turned back again when he came to a dead wall or was stopped by an iron railing, and felt that the means of escape might possible present themselves in their own good time, but that to anticipate them was hopeless." The same flavor of bruised and musty oranges which the historian of " Mar- , tin Chuzzlewit " noticed still hangs about this mysterious region ; great stores of dariip fruit must be rotting in the silent warehouses ; I wandered up aud down the steep lanes and never lost the sense of mildewed oranges until I came to the river, and Billingsgate , over powered all other smells with the fragrance. of fish. Then I gave up Todgers's, arid climbing a flight of stone stairs, .crossed London-bridge, in search of Sam Welleic and .the White'Hart. Inn. J.R.G.H. 