An Explorer's Diary By Dramingo. XIII. The forest country I was travelling through had all been burnt at some bygone period, and it was not until a little before sundown that after passing through a great many belts of poly- genuine came on to some grass. It was the bed of an old lake ; round all the trees was the dark ring that showed the high-water mark in flood-time ; the mark hero was about 12ft. in height. I looked for birds, as, if there had been any water within a reasonable distance, this should have been the landing-ground of swarms of Hook pigeons and parrots ; but, save a few of the careless hawks, there was no sign of any life. I was on the wrong scent again, and after dusk camped for a short spell on the best patch of grass I could find. By daylight I got back to the place where I had left the water-bags, and giving my horse a good drink from them, went south ; but here it was still the same desolate waste of flooded country, and I had at last to return to camp unsuccessful. It was a disappointment, as the creek looked so promising where Hedley and I parted that they expected I would be able to bring good news back. On the 11th I started for a try south ; four miles over bluebush flats, and then I came to low downs. Three miles south-west brought me to small watercourses bordered with polygonum. After crossing fifteen of these I reached one that seemed more defined than the rest, So I followed it south for about seven miles ; then it disappeared like all the rest, and nothing was ahead but the everlasting polygonum and bluebush, I turned east to get better travelling home, and got out on to high downs with beautiful grass on them, the result of some small thunderstorm Seeing a great gathering of crows in one spot I went over there, and found a small melon hole still full of rain-water, for which I was very grateful, as my horse was rather thirsty and to be thirsty means to be done in this climate and country. The feed round the edges of the waterholes at Addor camp was now nearly all eaten, and the flooded flats on either band were as bare as a boarded floor ; so, as there seemed enough water in the melon-hole to last a week, I determined to shift camp and give the horses a spell on the good Mitchell grass. The only draw- back was that we could not expect to get any game worth speaking of on the downs ; but we all preferred starving ourselves to starving our horses. When I got back to camp we examined our resources, which were now next door to none the rations being just about done ; so made up my mind to kill a horse at our new camp. We made up a list of the game that had already been shot for ration purposes, and the following was the account up to December 11 : 50 parrots (corellas andgalars), 350 ducks (black ducks, teal, whistling ducks, wood ducks, and widgeons), 150 pigeons (principally flock), of geese, i turkeys, 8 spoonbills, 7 water hens, 2 bags, 1 emu, 1 native companion ; making a total of 584 birds, at least 550 of which had been shot by Hedley. All of them were shot for actual food ; nothing had been wantonly destroyed. In addition we had consumed about 100 fish. On the 12th we went for our new camp on the I downs, about nine miles south of the Adder camp. It was a very pretty place, and the Mitchell grass was something splendid ; our horses revelled in it at once. We camped at the foot of the downs ; they rose behind us in a gentle slope, covered with picturesque clumps of timber in front of us to the westward was a fine plain, and beyond lay the great dry tract of bluebush and polygonum that seemed determined to block our progress. In the afternoon who led a horse up to the slaughter, and a bullet from a revolver terminated the career of the most useless one we had. Horse flesh is not nice ; it has a disagreeable smell and moreover a horse does not die warm, like a bullock ; but a death sweat breaks out and when skinning the carcass it is cold and repulsive to the touch. After skinning and dressing the victim we none of us had much appetite left, although after a long fast. Being short of salt we tried gunpowder as a substitute, but it was not a success and when we started to smoke the meat, a hot, close, muggy day set in that turned every bit bad in the course of a few hours. The proceedings of the next few days were so monotonous that I will just transcribe verbatim the rough notes written on the spot in my note book, December 14. Start west, with little hope of getting any water. Briggs accompanied me for the first eight miles, over miserable flooded forest ; then he went back, and I went on alone west-south-west for about seven miles. At sun- down reached dry lake ; saw some rosellas and galars ; heavy timber visible across the flat. Too dark to do any looking about, and one of my horses very lame, so shall go back in the morning, and come out again with Briggs and Hedley and fresh horses. Camp on edge of flat. " December 15. Came back to camp. At 2 p.m. we all started ; went nine miles south-west, and camped on short green feed in flooded forest. " December 16. Leaving Briggs to look after the horses and look out for stroke in the distance, I started west, Bonding Hedley south-west, On leaving camp crossed flooded country for four miles ; then I reached the flat where I had seen the parrots ; crossed and recrossed ; no success core has now coming from the south. Went on north-west through dry polygonum Swamps, bushes mostly beat north or north-west flooded forest again. At 11 am. turn north-east ; cross another great flat ; three water- marks on the trees, 3ft, 5ft., and 8ft. No signs of birds ; country all burnt, Return to camp. Hedley not returned at dark ; will wait till moon rises. Attempt at rain during night. Hedley came back at 2 am., having camped till the moon rose was making back for the ridge when he saw our fire. Nothing but the same intermin- able flooded flats where he had been he crossed two or three dry lakes. Packed up and started back for the ridge where we killed the horse. Reached it at 7 in the morning, horses thoroughly done. December 21.-At 3 p.m. we went over to Adder camp, taking two spare horses, and leaving the others to spell on the Downs camp. " December 22. Hedley stays at Adder camp to shoot ; Briggs goes with me first twelve miles to bring back spare horses. Start north ten miles or more over blue-bush flat ; no timber. Turned north-west to ridge two miles. Here Briggs turned back with the packhorses, leaving the water-bags on a tree. Went on up a small creek until dark ; splendid downs country, creek with good holes in it, but all dry. Camped on the edge of a plain." Here I found to my disgust that my supply of food namely, box flock pigeons had turned, back from the heat of my saddle pouch, and as this was to have lasted me two days I had now nothing but tobacco to stifle the cravings of hunger with. A smoke and a drink from the water-bag was my light supper, and then a camp until near daylight. I nearly lost my horse during the night I had only brought one, and he was not used to camping by himself. I was dozing once during the night, when, on waking up, I did not hear him, so went in the direction in which I had last seen him, and presently heard the chink of the hobbles travelling ahead of me ; I could hear the little brute but could not see him, nor was I able to overtake him for some time, as he was making straight for home. At last I pulled him up, caught him, and put the bridle on in order to take him back to my camp. Happening carelessly to let go of it, just as I was going to hobble him, he started off as hard as he could and soon disappeared in the darkness. I followed the sound for some distance, but presently lost that, and came to the conclusion that it was a case of having to walk back to the Adder camp, some twenty miles-a cheerful prospect Just as I realised this notion I heard a short, away to my left, and going in the direction found my friend camped under a bush, having got one foot in the bridle. On getting back to camp a little before daylight I saddled up and started on north-west again. In about six or seven miles I reached the edge of the spinifex country, of a like description to that I got on to when going north from the Anthony lagoon, evidently a continuation of the same. I made about seven miles through this, then seeing some open counts y to my left I made for it, but found it only an isolated plain. From thence out the country consisted of small strips of grass country divided by spinifex ridges, At last I had to turn back, not having apparently got so far into the tableland us I did on a former occasion. It was well on towards evening when I came out on to the downs country again ; I need scarcely say without having seen the ghost of a watercourse, or any place that would be likely to hold water for more than a few hours. I began to feel the effects of a long fast for whenever I got off my horse I felt giddy and faint About a couple of hours before sundown I came to the bend of a small creek, and ran it down for some distance until I came to a little rain-water, which was a great godsend to my horse, who had had a bad time of it. Some hawks were mustered about this puddle, but I wanted to make the most of what daylight there was left and Bee where the creek ran to, be refrained from trying to shoot one with my revolver, and went on down the creek, which ran westerly for a bit and then turned round, remaining nearly south-east, making straight for the bluebush flat that had so often proved fatal to us. I followed it till it was hopeless, then at dusk went back to the rain-water puddle. The hawks of course were all gone, and I had lost my chance of a feed, so, turning my horse out, I lay down to the unsub- stantial diet of a pipe, cold water, and taking up my belt another hole or two by this time it (my belt) would have comfortably fitted any ordinary girl of sweet seventeen. I camped until the middle of the night, and then, catching my horse, and, taking the glittering belt of Orion to steer by, started back for the depot, and arrived there at sunrise, crossing low timberless downs all the way. From thence I made camp at Adder waterholes at about 11 a.m., where I was rather rejoiced to see some ducks roasting on the coals. While I had been away, Briggs and Hedley had been back to the Downs camp, and, finding the rain-water continued to hold out, had left the main lot of horses still there, and come back to the Adder camp themselves. They had also discovered some pigweed half-way between the two camps, which helped greatly to eke out our irregular supply of game. Christmas day was kept up by us with due state and ceremony. Hedley got some spoon- bills in the morning, and we had a very fair breakfast. Then we saddled up and went, back to our camp on the downs. The horses were all right, and getting quite flash. We made a pudding out of three table-spoonfuls of flour, which formed our supper, and then turned in but were soon disturbed by a thunderstorm. Hearing the horses galloping about in their homes I went out to see after them. When I came back I found Briggs eating frogs at least he had commenced on one, and another was roasting by the fire. He shared his spoil with me and they were very good, only we could not get enough of them. I made up my mind that on the morrow, should the cloudy showery weather continue, we would attempt to get across to Powell's creek ; should it be fine we would go back to the Anthony lagoon and wait for thunderstorms. Strange to say, although many storms had fallen to the southward and eastward, none had yet fallen to the westward or northward. The morning broke rather cloudy, and by the time we had got packed up and given the horses drink it looked so promising for cool weather that I decided to start for Powell's creek. [TO BE CONTINUED.) 