OLD AND NEW. Polonium : What was I about to say ? I was about to say something. I was concerned in one of the cases tried in the County Court, whereby the official assignee sought, in his capacity as liquidator, to recover calls from shareholders in com panies which are being wound up. 1 would feel obliged to anyone who could tell lue what interest the liquidator lias in these cases, as he declared to the court ho was not indemnified against costs. Of course I do not think he would speculate in law suits — but who is it that pays the piper t I nin told a certain well-known local celebrity professes publicly to hold daily com munications with a member of the legal pro fession who lately shuflled off this mortal coil. If this be so would the happy medium ask for an " opinion''on this voxed point. If H.R.H. the Prince of Wales visits Vic toria in 1880, who ought to be the Mayor of Sandhurst for that year ? There was a heavy advance in a particular mining stock the other day, and nobody could assign a cause but old Ironface, who said " It's because Little Footsieps has been selling on spec." The individual alluded to as " Little Footsteps" wears boots graphically described as canoes ; and whenerer he puts his foot down the effect is felt. Surely it has not been caught in a trap this time. My attention has been drawn to a curious fact, viz., that there is not a drapery estab lishment in thi.-i city but announces a monster sale ami goods given away far below cost price. Do these announcements lead to business I wonder, and would the effect be similar if a firm of lawyers notified that owing to a dissolution, etc., a reduction in fees would bo made until the winding up was over I I believe, certainly, a reduction in lawyers' fees, under any circumstances, ought to be made, for like in the soft goods line the market at present is glutted with some very inferior articles. But lawyers and doctors, I fear, are an inseparable adjunct—a kind of necessary evil—to civilization. Of the two professions I don't know but that the honester men are found beneath horse hair wigs and black gowns. However, 1 admit neither professi.-u trouble themselves much about anything else than accumulating fees. To its members the line3 of Schiller are not inappropriate—• IFeM ilu, woriti tier .ipai* dfi Lebfii Ithjht i Si'i hutli-iQi'ht rs iiicht so Sri rtrye niijt. Is there any truth in the report current that the party of prominent citizens who visited the Gippsland lakes recently, fearing the supply »ould be inadequate at roadside inns, travelled with a cask of whiskey amongst their luggage ? Perhaps the gentleman who is to play the Ghost in " Hamlet," upon its representation by the Pickwick Club, will take a suggestion —given in a kindly spirit—viz., not to speak ti;.- part in the customary dreary tone of vnic«. As a matter of fact ■'spirits" exer cise an exhilarating influence—at least they do if of an agreeable kind. Now there is a new committee of manage ment at the hospital, perhaps the common politeness will be shown of thanking Madame Mitchell for the entertainment given under her management, whereby the funds of the institution were augmented some £"3ti. Politeness costs little after all, though one would not think so, judging by the conduct cf some public men. I give the following extract from a veiy characteristic letter addressed to me; need I say it breathes the atmosphere of the kitchen :— Sur, Ye must exousces me if I baint a schol lard, an kaut rite like a lino U.li, but I want to have mi say abut what is zaid 011 cooks. Yll)" dent suppose wed let Chiiiiuieu cook. That .J. wat I says to Mary Jane if they doz blest if I dosent leave the coloue. Vo;i men are tramping on us euuf allreedv, and hav all Tiie work, and want to take the kiuhen from us also. And if our fazes du git redd so would yours wid all our trubbles. I no all kuius from tiie liospitill row, and yo can tel them 1 wouhlnt tak their 20. wages. Don't vu belicv it. We ar beter orff wid a missus nor a commide, who calls us " uufortunt woman." Drat their himpudeus; let iv.e sees ■ the man who says I one of thez here critturs. I'd soon mak hirs fet mov like iv snaixs war ner ttin.—etc. _ . Perhaps my correspondent had better in terview the hon. treasurer. ft has been decided by the Mechanics' In stitute to supply a washhand basin, towel, and soap for the frequenters of the public reading-room. Slight I be permitted to sug gest that a bath be also provided for. IJnless grcs't forbearance is shown, I pre dict a *' vow between the committees of the "■Mechanics' Institute and School of Mines. I have a proposition to make: That the sub scribers ba called together to settle the matter, and at the same time alter the rule which gives three members a permanent seat upon the committee of management. It is very amusing to read in the news papers a full account of the Kelly gang's jatest exploit at Jeriiderie, and Captain Standish'a oflicial information about what the 300 policemen are doing about Benalla:—". I have nothing fresh to report, but the police are on the alert, and determined that this time the gang shall not escape them." Supposing Captain Standish were x'elegated to the society of Melbourne, which lie is thought so greatly to adorn, and allowed to bask once more in the sweet smiles of the curled darlings of our colonial salons, and leave to practical men the catching of the Kcllys—which will certainly never be done by the red taps at present so profusely em ployed. Thegallantcaptain could better main tain hisrepntation there than what he is doing at Benalla. Back in the drawing room, the General Boom like ferocity would again become our Chief Commissioner. He might then safely again indulge in heroics, and quote Racine to admiring women— JNre tordoihi plti.*. Marchoiis et s'/t /an/, que je men re, Mourons. I hear, with regret, that there is a strong probability of Mr. Helm for the future taking up his abode in "the metropolis. : A friend sends 1110 the following stanza, aftOr Shelley. I will not otter any comment upon it. My readers, no doubt, are familiar with the beautiful poem, " Hellas," to appre ciate the efforts of my friend's muse:— Oil, woiild I were a policeman bold, With hands so soft, head so cold. I would scorn. To smile forlorn When outlaws bid me yield or mo'ni; I would leave Behind sue thieves, And shelter find, 'mid rustling trees, Where nought is heard But murmuring birds, And the juii shines so tranquilly— ' Oil happy ini"! It is curious to observe how unblushingly some newspapers take credit unto themselves for smartness, and with what ease they pass off an untruth. For instance, a journal in tills city, which lus always been nneuviously distinguished in-this respect, dished up the other day to its readers a narrative of an interview which one of its representatives is supposed to have had with the bauk officials of Jeriiderie. The report bears evidence of having been clipped from an evening paper, though the indebtedness, of course, was not, acknowledged. As a matter of fact the re presentative of the journal in question did not arrive until the train conveying the offi cials had started on its way to Melbourne. Happy thought! Perhaps, however, the in terview was conducted "By special tele phone." RABIBLER. His Ideas ahd Hers.— Customer: " Mother wants a nice, plump chicken, please." Shopman: •''Trussed, miss!" Customer; ('Qh, dear, no, I am going to pay for it," OitctlAKD Feryii.iskks.—TheScienti/c Farmer advises, as the flesh of most fruit contains much potash, as well as lime, iu combination with the fruity acids, and the seeds phosphoric acid, the application cach;year per acre of from 2001b. to 2o0lb. of bone dust, 3001b. to 4001b. of sulphate of potash, the latter guaranteed to contain thirty-five to forty per cent, of sulphate of potash. This would give us 701b, to 801b. of yotad), CClfc. to OQib. of lime (from fhe bones), 101b; to 201b. ui nitrogen,, aiid «oir)'e magnesia in she potasJi ijnd fertiliser.' Such treatinent has Leon found successful by fruitgrowers iu both this country and Europe, | 