OUR LONDON LETTEE [From our own Correspondent.] London, December 28. The year 1878 closes amid universal gloom. It is very many years since the depression of all branches of industry has been so great and the distress so general. The only gleam of hope is the prospect of an early close of tbe Afghan war, aud the hope,, as yet to be realised, that the Emperor Alexander will faithfully carry out the Treaty of Berlin. Even since I wrote a week ago, there has been insteas ing evidenss of tbe depth of distress which obtains in all ow large towns, and has been fieri—sly aggravated by an old-fashioned whiter of —usual severity. In nearly every manuf—hiring- aud mining centre Belief Committees here bee_ organised and sub scriptions opened acd soup-kitchens set ou foot. On ah sides we hear of reduced employ ment, falling wages, and new bankruptcies-. Nor does there appear a gleam of hope in the horizon. On Christmas Day tbe long frost broke np, the snow disappeared, aud the weather has since been much milder, though wet. What is a disappointment to skaters baa been good for the poor, whose lot is some what mitigated by the great cheapness of bread and the low price of coals. The prevalent dis tress and reverses have affected even the atten dance at the theatres, where tbe pantomimes have drawn less crowded houses —a_ usual. DEATH OF T—! PRINCESS —LICE. A touching letter from Her Majesty, expres sive of her feelings in reference to the general display of sympathy with her grievous loss was published in but night- Gazette. There are many reflections (remarks the Times) which the Queen's letter will suggest. Not least of these will be the thought ef the genuine loyalty which has given occasion for it. To say that oar Boyal Family is popular is a very inadequate ex pression of the fact. It is popular, and it is a great deal more than popular. There exists among us a steady, abiding attachment to the person of the reigning Sovereign. The occupant of the Boyal throne is, for us, the concrete expression of our national and imperial unity. It suits us in every way to live under a monarchy. It gives stability to our political institutions; it allows order to coexist with freedom; it enables change to be con sistent, and reconciles the opposing claims of development with those of fixity and perma nence. As long as this is felt the sentiment of loyalty will be secure. It will be more or less intense in accordance with the personal cha racter of the sovereign. A reign which has now reached its forty-second year, and has run it long course blamelessly, must command no ordinary share of it. It is not often that a people's devotion can manifest itself in evert acts. Calm and still from its very depth it may be inferred from every act of life, but the —casions of its public expression will be neces sarily few and far between. The death of the Princess Alice has just now supplied one of these. It has demanded, and it has been met by a genuine exhibition .of true and tender feel ing. The nation has been in mourning, with its Queen, and the Queen has received her subjects' sympathy as the best solace for her grief, and has thanked them in dignified terms for an offering which has been made with all hearti ness, and which could not indeed by any possi bility have been withheld. The London correspondent ol the Bradford Observer states that the Prince of Wales was prevented by the Queen'e command from going to see his sister before her death. "Her Majesty, on being informed that the Prince was determined to go to his sister's bedside as she had come to his in his serious illness, consulted the medical advisers of the Court, and they at once declared that he would certainly take the infection if he went near the rriucess Alice in her then critical condition. The Prime Minister was also made aware of the Prince's generous desire to see his favorite sister at all risks. Her Majesty being satisfied that the risk of contagion was too great, absolutely forbade the Prince to go to Darmstadt. The Pi ime Minister also ad dressed to the Prince au official remonstrance re minding His Boyal Highness that, as Heir-Ap parent to the Throne, his health and safety were a national concern. Tbe Prince reluctantly ac quiesced ; but, when the death occurred a re w days later, the Prince then with affectionate urgency obtained the Queen's permission that he should attend the funeral. Prince Leopold also —« incurred some risk in accompanying his elder brother, but special precautions being enjoined by the highest medical advice, there is the best hope tbat all danger of infection will hare been avoided." Both of them left Darmstadt imme diately after the funeral for Frankfort, from which city they returned to England. At Westminster Abbey on Sunday morning the Very Kav. Dean Stanley referred to the death of the Princess Alice, taking his text from Jeremiah, rr. 9, "She that hath borne seven languisheth; hath given up the ghost; he. tun U gone down while it was yet day." The Dean said.- "It is impossible forme in this ancient sanctuary of the joys and sorrow ot English Princes, not to say a few words on the mournful event which, since I last entered these walls, has cast another and a deep shadow on the day already heavy with death to the royal house. Even as a domestic calamity iu a private family it would strike a pang amongst many hearts to hear of a husband left desolate, himself hardly, as he was, rescued from the jaws of death, and seven children, two of whom had gone before to their rest, where, a-an English poet has reminded us, that, "' On this side of the grave and the other They still are seven*— the wife aud mother falling a victim to her vigilant care of those she loved, the sudden termination of a brilliant career, and the eclipse of an unclouded brightness—all these thoughts combine to make this event an almost Uteri- reproduction of the grief which the prophet felt. It was not only that she who has gone discharged the ordinary duties which belonged to every wife and mother, but she was aware of the moral power mid the large responsibilities with which her high position of necessity in vested her. The active kindness, the gracious attention, the wise interest in benevolent ob jects which wouid be useful in any oue were, as she well knew, intensified in usefulness by coming from one in her position. Her rank, her name, were used by her, not for the purpose of self-indulgence or pleasure, but for bene ficence and enlightenment. These external ad vantages were, as she felt, special talents com mit-— to her trust for the benefit of mankind, aud as such did she use them. Those who hold important stations and who see in it only tne means of encouraging low tastes, foolish fashions, bad passions, and miserable sins, who abused their trust and patronage, who lived a 1 life ot selfishU—sand ease, as if there was none in the world to care for but themselves, are not only bad and mischievous in their own time but are traitors to their country and the destroyers of her future hopes. This day is the turn of the year, when the days begin to lengthen, when the darkness begins to shorten, and the light begins to spread. May it be so to the mourners, for whom the darkest hour is past." The Eattiou, ne Chronicle ot Saturday says:— " Princess Alice endeared herself to all in East bourne during ber residence there this summer by tLe interest she manifested iu the poor of the town. Many will remember the little phaeton, with the piebald pony, wherein Her Royal Highness might often be seen, unattended by auy servant, driving with her husband upon some mission of mercy to the sick and needy." While the Princess was sojourning at East bourne she went privately to Brighton to in spect the Home for Female Penitents, of which she liad been solicited to become a patroness, and when Mrs. Murray Vicars asked her permis sion to tell the inmates that a daughter of the Queen had come to see them, she assented, saying, "But tell them that 1 come as a woman among women." On her return home the Princess wrote the following letter: —" Neues Palais, Darmstadt, September 21. — Dear Mrs. Vicars —I have returned from visiting the Home so convinced of your excellent manage ment of it iu every respect that if you still feel I my becoming patroness of the Home (andof the Ladies'Association for the care of Friendless Girls connected with it) can further the good aud noble work I am most willing to comply with your request. The spirit of true Christian loving sympathy in which the work was begun by you aud in which it is carried out, the cheer fulness you impart, the motherly solicitude you offer to those struggling to return to a better life, cannot fail to restore in a great measure that feeling of self-respect so necessary to those voluntarily seeking once more a virtuous life, aud, by so doing, regaining the respect of their fellow-creatures.—'lnasmuch as ye bave done it unto one of the least of these My brethren, ye have done it unto Me.' In this spirit may the Home, as well as the Association connected with it, continue its good work! My entire sympathy and good wishes will ever be with it.— Ever yours truly, Alice." THE AFGHAN WAE —FLIGHT OF SHEBE ALI — VA-008 X— — IN —>W_B—HIS ___IVA_ AT JBlX—__—D. Important news relative to Afghanist— has come to hand. It now officially announced that Shere Ali, mistrusting his sons and courtiers, and alarmed at the threatened mutiny of his troops at Cabul, has sent his family aud trea sure to Balkh, and himself left his capital ou the 13th. Before his flight he released Yakoob Khan, leaving him in authority, and he has allowed the G—l—i chiefs who were hostages for hi-aon to return home. Tbe Baasiaa tainioa has also retired from Cabul. The import of this intelligence is not yet clear, but one telegram states that Yakoob Khan has been proclaimed the successor of Shere **?, Yakoob has great military capacity, and has been for many yean is prison in consequence of his revolt against his father, who in the recent reply to Lord Lytton 'a ultimatum spoke of his second son as that " 31 \--stat—dmetch." How far the remembranee _' Lord Northbrook . efforts to secure his release will influence Yakoob Khan remains to be seen. Apparently there is mi invincible repugnance ou tbe part of the men of influence at Cabal to carry on the campaign against the British to tbe bitter end. General Browne entered Jel lalabad on the 20th, and paused through the town at the head of a column with bands of music playing, it is stated that the notables of the place went out to mee; him, and that the inhabitants were friendly. Here h_ division will take up their quarters for the winter. There is no other military news, except that the expedition again— the p_i_er i i-g ______ in the heart of the _hyber mountain fail? _, the tribe having had ti_—jr wa—_e. though their eta—gbold waa- de stroyed;'that General Bid—lph is —airing slow approaches towards——:lahar ; and that Gena__ Roberts, at _uram, eontinoes to be worried by the predatory tribes —his rear, and finds soma di__nlty in protectiag his troops against the coleV Yesterday evening the Times published _ special edition annouaewg-from its correspon dent at Lahore that Yakoob Khan had just come iato JeUal-had, and that this act was re- - garded at the Punjab capital as equivalent to a submission. The Times says that, as suming Yakoob Khan to have really succeeded to the Ameer- authority,there would have been. nothing surprising _ hispromptly opening com munications with ns in the hope of -ensuing our support against both domestic and toreiga, enemies. But for this purpose it would—it have been necessary for him to come in person to .ellalabad, and it is certainly poaeible that his placing himself so completely in our hands may be a symptom of some weakness in his position. The —collect—- of what followed the . flight of Dost Mahomed must warn, as to bo cautious in interpreting the recent re—latio— at Cabul. Moreover, if we are ill-icfonned respecting Shere Al— movements, weaze et&l; more in the d__ resr__ng the position likely to be held by Yefcoob Khan. We knew, indeed tbat he was extremely popular at Herat, in the' western extremity of Afghanistan, and that in the east— the country he is ent——ast—ally supported by the powerful tribe of the Mr_ munds. But he has been imprisoned for years,, and in eastern countries especially the absent and the silent are comparatively _glected. It is curious that it has beat, till this moment, * matterof dispute whet—r his disposition towards us was friendly or not. Oa the one hand he had been co_idantly described as hostile; on the . other, there is direct evidence that only six. years ago he was a warm friend <rf ; the English. He mast have heard, or" our interposition in his favour, and at least ha-, can have had no reason to doubt the sincerity of - our good-will towards him. Any such uncer- ' tainties have been dispelled if he has trusted ; himself in our hands;. bat it would seem- V— mature to rely on his submission involving that of the country in general. However these donbts - may be solved by further information, the—can remain no doubt that Yakoob Khan- submis sion marks a critical stage in the history of the present war. The Morning Post regards it as possible^ though not very likely, that Yakoob Khan is , attempting to negotiate a peaceou behalf of his father. It Js more reasonable to assume that YakoobKhah _ old regard for the F_ltfi pitjjnn. and the knowledge that the Indian fjorJbrnmniil interceded to pr.it—t his life, have led him to induce the Cabuleseto sanction hiseai——van— to secure a peace, and that all these steps have been taken regard k— of Shere Ali. The Post believes it impossible that Share Ali will ever return to Cabul, and thinks thathia chances of again ascending the Afghan _r?m? have also been diminished by his fatal coquetry [ with Russia, whom tbe Afghans will uot be slow to recognise as the real cause of all their woes. Everything thus points to the poisi.ility of negotiatinns for a peace with Yakoob Khan as the future ruler of Afghanistan. If Shere Ali be set aside as an impossible Sovereign, there is nobody but Yakoob Khan with whom the Government can come to terms, fie at airy rate is at the head of tbe State, and now'that Abdoolah Jan is dead he is undoubtedly popular, not simply as before his imprisonment | in Southern Afghanistan, but we may count also upon his having been accented by the | Cabnlese. Boughly speaking, it may be —ti- i mated that Yakoob . authority will at least [ extend to the Hindoo Koosh. With that i circumstance before them it is hardly likely the : Government willrepeat the unfortunate attempt | that was made by this country to set op a-' i nominee of our own. Even should the 6_ | turbed condition of Afghanistan encourage two ! or more claimants to fight for the throne, it will | be impossible that our Government can entirely stand aloof and permit the country to be torn, to pieces. The Standard holds that from no i other Afghan Prince oan we expeet the same compliance as we can from Yakoob Khan, who has now demonstrated to all the world the trust | he places in ns. If Shere Ali has loudly pro nounced his i—ssian proclivities, Yakoob _—n has now not less clearly declared his British ' sympathies. The father has thrown himself into the arms of Eussia, the son into ones. As to the exact conditions which mast be de* manded of the ruler of Cabul, whoever he may be, it is impossible as yet to hazard an opinion. They will certainly not be more excessive than the military necessities of the case demand; but even sympathy with Yakoob Khan,and a deore to deal lightly with the A<feft__ themselves, cannot blind ns to the duties that are now in cumbent upon us to safeguard our —ai«- \--f ront ier, and to preserve those other vital points, such as Herat and Candahar, whit—-lie beyond, from falling into the possession of Bonis. Military experts must decide what steps most ba taken to render our frontier sound, and there is much to be said in favor of the view that w? shall have done nothing if we hold back from occupying Candahar. Yakoob Khan will pro bably not concede the surrender of that city in any form with a good grace; but he might by skilful management be so far induced to meet our views as to conclude an arrangement with us which would give ns the right to garrison, if not Candahar itself, some position iuits neighborhood; as well as the Kojek, which would ! answer the same purpose. That concession, with the right to station resident agents— British ofii—rs with a suitable escort —at Herat, Maimene, and Ball— might beconsidered to meet the present exigencies of the case. Thefollowi _p-rticula—giveuafewdayssince | relative to Yakoob Khan, in the Times, will be j read with interest:—Yakoob is the sen of a I Mohinandlady,thesisterofthe_haaof Lalpora, and it is probable he will carry with turn the suffrages and support of this tribe, as well as wE _e G_lza_. The Mohmanfls, however, besides having voluntarily expressed their adhesion to our cause, are to a certain extent checkmated by the presence of General Tytler's force at Oa_ka_ in the heart of their country, as well as by the opening up of tbe Abkhara-road from that place to _ichni. By these two simple pre cautionary measures their whole territory lies, as it were, within our grasp, and it is extremely doubtful if they will venture to oppose us in any way; although their past connection with our frontier administration is quite sufficient to warrant the belief that they would, if they dared, do all in their power to aid Yakoob Khan to expel us from his kingdom. The Ghilzai chiefs who—t General Roberts met in his advance to the _iutar-garden were most friendly, aud, assuming tbat these men represented tbe general feeling of t_b powerful tribe, it would appear that the Ghil_is, as well as the Uo_ n_—s, had already committed themselves too strongly in our favor to venture now to turn against us. Captain M™h t in his very interesting work, *_ Bide —trough Islam," speaks of Yakoob as a warm friend of the English. This was in 1872, and though his subsequent imprisonmentt.may have em—sered Lis character, it is impossible to think that he is uot thoroughly aware of the laudable efforts made by Lord Korthbrook to procure his re lease; though unsuccessful, they were sincere; and Yakoob Khan should surely feel some gratitude to the nation that interested itself on his behalf. His character bears in it the im press of nobility; he fought loyally and gal lantly for his expatriated father, aud, it is uot too much to say, was the main cause of Shere All's success. It was not until he saw himself put on one side and a younger brot her adopted as heir to the throne that he ventured to remon strate and finally to rebel. He has suffered much for his wrongdoing, but there is no evi dence that his character as a clever and gallant soldier and clear-head— adm__—-tor has in any way sidfe—d by his lengthened imprison ment. His education as a soldier will show him that the chances of success iu a war against the British are absolutely wanting; his expe rience as au administrator will show him that his Government will mainly depend on the sup poit he receives from the Viceroy. The Zaka-khels, who attacked the convoy in the SapriPass, have escaped, but their villages have been burnt. The papers received by the Bombay mail of tbe 2nd December are almost entirely filled with news relatiug to the war in Afghanistan. The following telegram from the Viceroy had been issued iu a Gasettt Extra tadinary:—The Vwewry has much pleasure in _t—hag public the following gracious message' ■—rived from Her Majesty the Queen Empress: —*W_*sorCas_e,Novemb_26,—7B. I have received with the greatest satisfaction the news —-ve-— in your telegram of the brilliant buc cea_-f my brave teoops, though I with you de- I—ire the unavoidable loss of life, lam greatly g——led as the loyal and friendly conduct of thh native princes on this important occasion.' 7 M. O—f?_-— OJT „[_«— PKOSF-—_ On Sunday afternoon _. Gambetta presided — - meeting held tit the Th—tre du Chit—u —Sau in aid of the lay ——schools of the three *-—ndiaseme—s, and said in his address: —" We are at the end of a year which will be followed by the passing away from the scene, if not of tbe parties, at least of the power of the rivals rf Democracy and the Republic. Onthe threshold <of a new year I ha_ the advent of consti ——eal harmony, of legality and loyalty in the puhlic powers. I hail true conservation —the _bhtvi—_i which consists in working for the puh—tweel under tbe shield ef the law, ia ac kuowledgi?g no superiority but that derived from —toe, talents, and services rendered, in ne*ac_—wledg— _ any charges but these freely accepted by the representatives of the nation, in acknowledging no liberty but that which bene —sail men el_e, and in divesting ourselves of _ _kna, dreams, and Utopias. Well, when we —eetagain ___ year I feel —nvincod social peace will have been confirmed and developed. We shall be in a position to look back with legitimate scorn on those periodical predictions, those sinister warnings of catastrophes about to overwhelm French society, which will have tuned out mere electoral manoeuvres and sea—- On Tuesday evening _. Gambetta was enter tained by the commercial travellers ot France at the Grand Hotel. Mare than 500 sat down. M. Marat, a jeweller, took the chair. The great hall was hung round with trophies aud tricolored tags, each trophy bearing the inscription, "Pax, Labor." At the upper table there were M. {__—r and M. Tinrd, Deputies, and M.Tolain, the Senator, and H. Anatole de la Forge, the Director of the Press. The bulk of the com pany were commercial travellers. Hundreds of telegrams were received at the Grand Hotel in tiie afternoon, and even during tiie dinner, from X—sch and many foreign towns, expressing either regret at being prevented from attending, or sympathy with M. Gambetta, who was frequently described as a great citues, a great patriot, the first citizen of __nee, and the hope of the country. At dessert the Chairman proposed the health of their illustrious guest, SI. Gambetta—(tremendous applau-e)—who, if be had deferred peace, had at least saved the national honor, since peace had worked for the Republic. He drank ts the man whose civic virtues were the best hope of -Oe future. M. Gambetta, in a speech delivered witfa even more than his usual energy, dis claimed reliance on ephemeral success, but was proud of the esteem ef his countrymen. Al though ambitious designs were imputed to him, he desired no better recompense. He conld assure them there was no need for anxiety about the elections of January 5. _he—suit was certain. Some people had pleasure in calling him a false prophet. Hie would now add to their delight by tell—g them that the Republicans would have a majority in tiie Senate, not of twenty, bat of twenty-five votes. The nation was not deceived by the sham cry of Goose—atism; it knew that true Conservatism waa the preservation of its rights and liberties, and nodass of men knew this better than those he was now addressing, wbo were in constant e__ti___o_ with all classes of the community. If he might take the liberty of offering advice, he would recommend them to add to resolute Democratic aspirations the virtue of patience. This speech, says the Paris correspondent of the Times, shows that H. Gambetta not only is not aiming at office, but that he means to be the buttress of a wisely progressive Government, and its defender -gainst impatient members of Ids party. He thus enters on that path of volun tary renunciation of which I spoke, ceasing to he both the critic and heir, the support and' the antagonist of those invested with tiie responsibility of office. He will thus render tenable both hisown position and that of tiie Govemntc_t, which derives from this speech fresh strength and tiie probability of a prolong—existence, —.preaching patience M. _ambevta haa himself given a str_in; example ef it. In declaring that he had no thought "of taking office he has put an end to the reci-ii—na tions of a few impatient and restless men around Jmm, thereby overturning in a single speech the —hemes of those who count on agitations or ap prehensions as opportunities for some new attack cm French institutions. The speech is cne of the most important M. Gambetta has ever delivered, dispel—ig on the eve ef the elections tkeapr—_ —B—_ which may have been caused fcy his September undress. If tbe latter con i____r a distinct programme, the former promises iirw—W-te security, leaving the future to solve te own dif_nltiea 