Literary Notices. The Bedouin Tribes op the EupiriUTES, by Lady Anne Blunt. In 2 Vols. London: Hurray. These volumes contain a large amount of that bookish material known by the name of chatty gossip. The authoress made a few discoveries, such as tiiat the branch of the Kiiabur, called the Singas, was a myth, and that certain lakes in Mesopotamia are new to geography. She visited TTz, where Job dwelt, Hitt and Jebbeth, the land of the Jtfittites and. Jebusites, and wandered through the country of the bhammar and JJlazet Bedouins, of whom ehe gives ample descriptions. The lady and her husband roamed amongst these people apparently in security, and thus had ample means of acquiring a knowledge of their habits, manners, and customs, modes of living,.and phy sical constitutions. She describes them as short men cut rather long-limbed for their size, seldom exceeding five feet six inches in height, of a spare habit of body, free from all tendency to obesity, lithe, active, and muscular in early life, but short lived, seldom exceeding sixty years of age, and generally becoming grey and old at forty. As the travellers proceeded by a new route across Meso potamia, they met with many strange sights, and in the description of these the chief merit of the lady's book consists.. A few extracts will place the reader in a position to judge for himself as to her ladyship's style of descriptive writing. Her account of Arab cookery is certainly not appetis ing, especially during the present hot weather. She Bays :— The elieep seemed to have been cut up with a iatcliet, quite independently ot its anatomical construction, bouts, meat, and all mangled and messed together, so that it was impOEHiMetogetut a clean-looking i-ieco free from splin out seasoning or otlier ceremony, and then, turned out into a great round wooden disk, a yard in diameter. Butter had vest been plastered round the mass, and flat hiilf-liaked loaves of clay set to garnish the edge of the plate, all dump and clammy and half sopped in the broth. In the middle lay the great fat tail of the sheep— a liuge lump of tallow with bits of liver and other uastinesE ueur it. We fancy that our readers, after perusing this description of Arab cookery, would rather cook their own dinners than employ oh Arab cook. On the shores of Greenland such cookery would be splendid, bnt under the hot sun of the. Arabian desert, it is abominable. At Bagdad our travellers met with a Turkish official of a rather superior stamp. Kadderly Paihain a Turk, and a Eoropeaniscd Tort : yet ho impressed me very favourably. He speaks excellent French i and we not only had no difficulty in explaining our position to vim and satisfying any curiosity lie may have had as to our movements, but we also were able to have a very interesting conversation with him about the general politisB of Europe and the Empire. His history, I telieve, is this. As a young man he was taken up by Tefyk Effendi, who with Miaimt Pasha was anxious to form a school of politicians w Turkey wirli moaem views and mo dern principles. These loudly professed tlie doctrine, new te Ottoman ears, that bonesty was the best policy, and carried out, 1 believe, their principle fairly. Unfortunately the basil of followers wm aerer numerous, fcnd Kadderly seems to have been the only one who distinguished I'imscif in the world. He had educated himself wUcu pust twenty, and af'er filling various minor offices, had now been pro moted by his first patron to tho rank of valy. Kadderly Pasha was straight from btaniUoul, Having left tho capital not three weeks before, and hod all the contempt which a European, fresh from wi tnessing the great events of history (for be had left the Husiians at the gates of Constantinople) could not help feeling for the petty politics of Arabia. He did not, in fact, so much as ask what woe goiag oi among the Bedouins, but ijmorecl tho whole mat ter, affecting only an interest in the ruins ol £1 Uoddr and the prospects of a Euphrates Valley railway. This Euro pean line of thought suitcdnsadmirably.and we discoursed as learnedly as we could, on arohteology and civil engineer ing, asd a little on the attempted improvements of his former prcdeoessor and patron, Hidhat, at Bagdad. 1 On these the valy spoke as sensibly as a first commis sioner of works. 'Three things,' he said, 'are necessary in a governor who would affect real good fta the department he adminis ters—' Vuvloir, eavoir, et pavm'r.1' Hidhat had the first and hist qualification, but not the second. He was a halfedn cated ntu. With regard to another important matter, he remarked that tha first reform wanted in Turkey was the establishment ot real religions equality. Toleration already existed; hut something more wasrequircd. The lair should make no distinction in dealing with men of different creeds any more than with men of different races. Many races and many creeds were comprised in the Ottoman Empire. Wilfrid. ' Yet the Mussulman religion invented tolera tion nuwy centuries before it was accepted bythe Christian. goverDimsutfi of Europe.' Kadierly. ' Say, rather, rcini'cnfrd it, for toleration was always tho law of ancient Home. This was, in its day, a great step in tdraaeo, tut Islam has now fallen behind Christendom. It is time tint religious bitterness should cease in Asia a» it has in Europe.' Vedid not venlureto touch uponlho rfliredelicMe porar otjjflicuil honesty. We felt that we mifht be treading on (ia.nfjt^us ground 1 tor, although it «rw difficult to imagine a pentleman, with such excellent principles as the valy's, jmttinir his hnud into the puMin purf-e, the rbances of our having hit; upon an iiuniaculnte fruvcruor wt re go pniall in Turkey that it was mere common prudence to say uothin? whi h might offend. We turned the conversation, instead, on the practical liberty whioh undoubtedly exists in Turkey, and oh whi«h we could, with sincerity, he eloquent. Wilfrid told the story of a conversation we had once had with a zaptieh in Asia Minor, which, as it contains amoral, may be worth relating here. This zatieh had been complaining to us of certain onicial malpractices wliich, although he was him sclt an Ofreiit of tho law, I ed struck him as needing refora .in his own country, and mentioned the report current among hii follows that England was the land of liberty. ' Every one there,' he said, ' wo know is free and happy, and honest men may do all they like without interference from any one.' ' It is truo,' we answered, ?? that things with us are not as they are with you. Ton, Mohammed, for instance, would not be allowed to take this ploughshare, which you liave found in the field, to make your Ere with, or turn your horee into this stiradina- corn to graze ; hut ell countries are not equally favoured, and there is liberty and liberty. What should you fiay, for instance of a lfiDd, where a poor man, travelling along a high road, might not collect a few dry sticks to make afire at all, or let his donkey irraze on so much us the grass by the wayside, or even liadown himself to sleep under a kedge, without beiDg seized by the zap. tichs, dragged before the cadi, and lelt to epend the night ' No, no,' said the man, ' you ore laughing at me. There is no such country afc that, people would have gone to live elsewhere long ago.' The following will be interesting to students of Ecclesiastical history, in its widest sense, that is, uiw uibLory oi me religions oimen, ana not merely the history of a particular class of sects. According to the Sabman traditions, which dote from the creation of tho world, their history ha- been as follows .- Before the time of Noah, they say, all th« world was Ba hffia.ii, believing in one same unscei God, and speakine the same language. Uoah had four sons, Shorn, Ham, Yoham, and Japhet, who some time after the flood began to speak each a separate language, Shem only preserving that of his father (they know nothing of the tower of Babi-l). The Snbfeans are the true descendants of Shem, and to the present day have preserved the ancient toigue unchanged. In their look is written, and it i« deacrihed as a sort of Syrian. The Sabreans first settled in Egypt, being the same Egyptians over whom Pharaoh ruled when he oppressed the ckildren of Israel. The present tribe claims descent from Ardowan, a brother of the Pharaoh who wat dro«r»ed in the Bed Sou. Th^y subsequently founded a kingdom at Damascus which lasted till tv.-o huudred years nftcr the death of their prophet, John the Baptist (three hundred ana sixty-eight bo) ore the Ucgira). Then they removed to Bagdad, where they flourished ustil the Caliphate was overthrown by the Tartars. At that time they possessed four hundred churches, biit these were then destroyed, Ta ruerliiue carrying nway all their books to Ispnhan. where it is believed they still exist. They themselves were dispersed over Irak, and probably El Husa, and ore aow redueed to the three thousand bouIs mentioned. As regards their religion, which, in fact, is the only inte resting, or, for that mutter, authentic part of the' story, they say that they worship the Almiphty (iod, the maker of light and darkneBB, whom no one has &ecu; at uuy tim«. Their principal religious observance is liaptism, which they say was instituted by God in the gurdon of Eden, Adam being himfirlf baptised 'in (ho name of the first life, the second life, and the third life,' all three names of the Aliuiphty, but this baptism fell into disuse, end wns restored by tbfi preaching of their prfpbet, John the Bap tist. Thev acknowledge no other prophet, and take no account of tbeOld or Kew Testament histories, except to the extent of Mievinp -that Chriit. was tho Holy Ghost made visible to the world, hut not God. They have a s». eminent of unlciivened bread aud vine, of which their prieets alone partjiko in private, and according to certoia secret rites. This they believe to have been also instituted in the garden of Eden. An to their rite of baptism, they say it must be performed in running water, when it will wash away sin nud ensure SF.lva.tion. They baptize the children when thirty days old, but the rite is constantly renewed, the ju-ieste baptising themselves once a week. They fast thirty-six days in the year, alistmningfroni meat, and have four festivals, Kew Year's-day, the feast of St. John, the fifth day after tha anniversary of their baptism, and one culled Dehmeh DiniaE, of which they donot profess to know the meaning. The effects produced by Turkish rule are vividly pourtrayed in the book. A Turkish proverb affirms that grass does not grow where the Sultan's horse has trod, and the proverb states a tact, as is proved by the condition of all parts of Asia Minor where the Turk rules, as well as of Cyprus and elsewhere. Every traveller who has visited the East reports the utter^migovemment of the Turks, and, there fore Lady Blunt's statements on this point appear to be in no way exaggerated. 3 ust at the present time, when the reforms sanctioned by the Treaty of Berlin cannot be carried out, owing to the ab sence of hearty co-operation on the part of Turk ish officials, those portions of the book which describe the evi 1 effects of Turkish rule are of special interest. 