IN THE-BU8H. " Iam but a picker up of unconsidered trifles,"— 9h»kespeare. , ,, Long Dick has another grievance t growl about. Knowing his propensity, 1 took no notice, but waited for him to put his complaint into intelligible language,' which he did tliug. " Grumble, indeed ; why sliould'nt 1 ? I paid my fare to Alel bourne and back, like a man, when I wanted a spree, and paid for all I ate and drank ; now here's a lot of loafers go there and back, and get a ieed into tne bargain for 10s 6d. 'Taint fair, you know, ' it's a swindle, that's what it is.'" "But my dear fellow," I replied, "you must remember you went for your own private amusement; tbese gentlemen went to support the 1 Great Liberal cause,' and were therefore carried free by a paternal and liberal Government." " Li beral, be hanged," says Dick ; " If the cash had to come out of their own pockets, they would'nfe be so liberal, yon bet !" 1 could not but arlinic the force of the argument, and Dick went off hugely de lighted at having got the beat of me for once. Air Simpkins also has something on his mind, and does not look so cheerful as he should do in the enjoyment of three weeks holidays, and his pay running on. Remonstrating with him on this incon sistent behaviour, he merely remarked : " Sir, the Department contemplates im proving our position." "Well," said I, rather taken aback, " that's rather cheer ing, is'nt it?" "True, sir," replied Air S.," with a mournful smile, "but when they make that announcement you may be morally certain that they are about to reduce our salaries. Exjierentia docet.'' This unexpected antithesis silenced me, and Air S. departed, with slow and stately step, like an unhappy ghost. AVhat is all this disturbance about, Henderson Africanus ? Air Berry cannot find a third ambassador in the Liberal interest tu siidie tne x-vui/uj cviiu. wn. working men of West Alelbourne kindly provide him with one at their own ex pense. Yet he objects to his going home in the same vessel. Now I call this rank ingratitude. Air H. has distinguished himself at all public meetings by liia en thusiastic support of Air B's party, and his services deserve recognition. Is it on account of his complexion ? He might say, "Ami not a man and a brother." But I thiiik Air Berry would consider him such with the r left out. Or, as every one is equal (are they ?) in this paradise of democracy, he might enquire, " is'nt one man as good as another," which would enable Air B. to get off the old joke : "Yes, and a good ' deal better." If this is not all a stupendous hoax, I expect to see plenty of fun yet about it. It is said that the Augurs of ancient- Rome could not meet each other without laughing. I would give a week's screw to be on board the Assam while the two ambassadors are watching the shores of their beloved Victoria receding from their view, and to witness the loud smile with which they will survey each other, as they retire to indulge iu the flowing bowl or convivial nobbier. What a study for an artist. Melbourne Punch please make a note. AVnen are we to arr.ve at the last man of the historic six hundred. They are always cropping up as lively as ever. The last one I noticed lately left the Alel bourne Gaol. I have met with a few of that noble band, especially in the police, who at one time appeared to be mainly composed of those gallant fellows. They are really ubiquitous. In the American Civil War, there were enough of them volunteered to form a strong army of themselves. They are only equalled or excelled by the pertinacity with which the last Waterloo veteran makes his appear ance in various parts of the world. The Wandering Jew was a mere impostor to them. Talking of the police, as a matter of course, suggests a thought of those gallant fellows, the Kellys. I suppose the troopers are still " scouring the bush" in those wonderful disguises which would deceive no one. It appears to me that if ever these gentlemanly scoundrels are se cured, it will be in consequence of their having too many friends. Two or three hundred relations are something to be proud of, but when it comes to providing them with "compensation," it will prove hneviT -f o v (irnonio llw n e if. it tw tt- itfc-a., wyvvmin must be dene, in the face of £2500 re ward. Why, it would necessitate a bank robbery about once a fortnight, especially if the " sympathisers" required payment iu "hard cash." There has been a good deal of un wholesome talk as to the daring dis played by these young ruffians. I can't say I see it. They always take care to have tliej advantage. Let them meet four police, well armed, and on their guard, and j ou may take my tip that in spite of all the jokes about the troopers, you would see some of the tallest running 011 record by Air Ii. and his gang. But they will not give the chance if they can help it, you bet. There was some pluck among those " knights of the road" about one hundred years ago I was reading in an old news paper that "such was their contempt for the guardians of the peace, that they would ride into Hyde Park in the even ing, fasten their horses to the rails, and proceed into London on foot to stop sedan chairs and unarmed pedestrians." There was some credit in that. There appears to have been no want of impudence in those good old times. One gentleman, who probably was not coura geous enough to make a rise on the high way, advertises thus in the St. James' Chronicle : — " Wanted immediately, £1500 or £2000, by a person not worth a groat ; who, having neither houses, lands, annuities, nor puouc runas, can oner no other security than that of simple bond, bearing simple interest and engaging the repayment of the sum borrowed in five, six, or seven years, as may bo agreed on by both the parties. Whoever this may suit (for it is hoped it will suit somebody), by directing a line for A.Z., in Rochester, shall he immediately replied to, or waited on, as may appear necessary." I wonder whether A.Z. managed to negotiate the loan. He deserved it for his extreme candour, whether or no, but I am afraid such an application in these degenerate days would only meet with silent con- luiuu v. BILLY NUTTS. A Serious Affair — A tragedy was nearly being enacted at Talbot on Christmas Eve," states the Maryborough Advertiser. " A family named Burns, living near the Com mercial road, have not been on good terms with each other, owing to the familiarity of a daughter named Sarah, aged 18, with some women of not the best repute. The father, it is said, has been heard to threaten ' the; voune woman that he would do for her if she did not drop her acquaintances. On Tuesday, he went out poaching hares, returning In the evening with his gun loaded. Mrs Burns had got some spirits in the house, to 'give a flavor to the pudding' on the morrow and Burns drank freely, which had an exciting effect. He lay down for awhile, but hearing his daughter singing while coming home, lie got up, exclaiming, ' I'll settle you and your singing,' He went outside and presented the gun at the girl, who dropped down m_a,fit as he fired, and thus escaped injury. "Neigh hours- came, and -Burns was lodged ;iuithe lock-up. He was brought before, the local bericlron hursdny, and rtTpanqedqwiaj'-po the prosecutrix /h.E-igJE unweB to appear The fit- was c'niised'by" fright, and the y.-uog woman did not- receive any hurt whatever.' 