. £Ai j ^'tmjpebving the yarra. JVEfind that the roportof Sir John Coode to tlieiMelbourtie Harbor Trust Commissioners, ' regarding the iaiprovciuoiiis of the harbor of Melbourne and the protection of the cily from inundations, 1ms in its nipin features coincided with the plans approved by Mr. ■ Gordon, the late engineer of waterworks. It I appears there wove three different schemes proposed, the advocates of eacli of which believed the'r own plun wm boat adapted io accomplish tho two fold purpose of forming Melbourne into a seaport and reducing the perils from Hoods. These three schemes were considered by the Royal OmmPs ;sion appointed in the year 1874 on : • the subject. The Jiyns of Saturday last published a woodcut, showing the various courses proposed, with a de scriptive account of each. Tho first of tlio scheme.? proposed the widening of the river from Prince's Bridge to the gas works, and the cutting tlienco of a direct •canal to the Bay. Tho second plan pro posed also tho widening of the river from Prhee's Bridge to Fisherman's Bend, and a cutting to be made from that point to a point in the river below the junction of tho Saltwater River with the Yarra, aud tho deepeuing of the river through out. By that means the long detour of the river in its tortuous course towards Fooiscray would bo avoided, the length shortened, aud the tidal scour retained, which would be lost if tho direct canal scheme were adopted. Another advantage would bo that the cut from Fisherman's Bend would tap the broad part of the river whore the waterway would absorb the storm water sooner than the canal proposed by the Royal Commission. Tile third scheme sug gested was ihe proposal of the Royal Com mission for a new course for tho river from the gasworks to a point 011 the Yarra not far from its mouth. The second plan—that proposed by Mr. Gordon—is described by our contemporary as " a scheme that assists liaturo as much as possible, and interferes with nature as little as possible." Some of the most dis tinguished engineers of Victoria, who pre viously farored one or other of the canal scUciues—the direct or that by the Yavra— gave in their adhesion at once to Mr. Gordon's proposal. The lloyal Commission of 1874 reported that Mr. Gordon's scheme had much to recommend it, but that the only objection to its adoption was that it would nut reduce the distance between Melbourne and the Bay so much as either of tho canal plans. When the Harbor Trust Commission was estab lished tho first subject that engaged the attention of the Commissioners was to ascertain from the best professional autho rity attainable tiie capabilities of the' River Yavra, and tho possibility of converting Melbourne into a safe and commodious sea port. Sir John Coode was therefore invited to visit the colony, and, according to the telegram from England, the report now 011 its way to tho commissioners adopts the re port formerly made on tho subject by Mr. Gordon with little if any alterations. That scheme will in future be known as the Coode-Gordon plan, and .without doubt will be adopted by the Government and legisla ture of the colony, and as soon as possible carried into effect. Mr. Gordon's proposal suggested that the reefs at the Falls Bridge and the rocks in the river up to Prince's Bridge should be cleared away. The flood waters are dammed back by these ob structions, and as they cannot find an outlet in their natural channel, they are forced over towards Emerald Hill, St. Ivilda, and Sandridgo. The river in that part, lie pro posed, should be sunk 22 feet, and dredged as far as the Chapel-street bridge, whereby vessels of small tonnage may be able to pass under the bridges as far as Hawthorn. The Falls Bridge, he thought, should be removed altogether, so that wharves may bo built up towards Prince's Bridge. Sir John Coode approves of the removal of tho Falls Bridge also, and lie suggests that if another bridge be erected it should be opposite Market-street. Both these gentleman recommend that tho channel of tho Yarra should be deepened 20 feet at io\V water, which could ultimately be in creased to 25 feet, and by that moans, which, of course, would include the removal of all reefs and rocks be tween the Falls and the Chapel-street bridges, the risk of floods would bo avoided, as the storiuwater would then pass through the natural egress to tho soa. Mr. Gordon's report has been so fully adopted by Sir John Coode, that great reliance should be reposed in his estimates also re garding tho probable amount the work could bo performed for. That gentleman de clared before the Royal Commission, that sufficient accommodation can be had in tho river for all practical purposes at an expenditure of .£t>00,000. Thus at that disbursement the river can be made navig able for large vessels to discharge cargo, at Melbourne. Wharfage accommodation would, however, not be included in a scheme in tended only to clear and deepen the river, and remove all danger to lifo and property from excessivo floods. Mr. Gordon, we believe, is not at present in the public service, as his name was included in the list of oflicers temporarily re moved from tho Civil Service 011 or about the 8th January of last year. If, however, these works are to be constructed in accordanco with ■ Mr. Gordon's plan, now approved by Sir John Coode, wo apprehend no man could he found better qualified to supervise the work than tho able engineer who devised and perfected the scheme. OAM.EiiRAMS.—Tlia House of Commons, our cablegrams informs us, have rejected by liiRi against 2-lt!, the motion proposed by Sir 0. YV. ifilku, censuring the policy pursued by the government in relation to tlie Zulu war. The English revenue returns for tin: past year are satisfactory, showing an increase of £3,:U;!.700 on those of t-iie previous year, ehielly derived Urr.NI.Nti OV TIIK u.nii.r.mii iuiM.ll,—1113 Excellency the Governor is to formally open the last section of the Gippslaud Hail way, from Oakleigh to Melbourne, to-day. His Excellency, with the members of the Min istry, will leave Prince's Bridge station shortly after twelve o'clock by special train, which will proceed to Oakleigh. Subsequently the party will return co Caultield to partake of a dejeuner prepared at the latter place. 1'ho preparations for the occasion have been made on a large scale, as guests to the number of 1,0UU have been in vited. Sandhurst Eartf.ii Fair 1S79.—Fully at tended meetings o£ both executive and general committees were held at the olliee last evening, and a large amount of business was transacted. Offers for booths and stalls, etc., we.'e let at prices that will compare favorably with those obtained last year. Mr. Fabiau, Government singing master, was present, and expressed his willingness to assist in forming an.l leading a choir to sing at the opening ceremony, which his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, k.G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria, will lie in vited to be present at. An oiler i'roin Miss Crofts to assist the committee was ac cepted with thanks, and Mr. Bayne stated .that Mr. Guthrie bad promised to giant the use of a potter's wheel for exhibi tion in work. Several applications for novelties in shows were dealt with. The collec tor reported having met. with a fair amount of support in his canvass, and the following dona tions were acknowledged with thanks:—Mr. E. Mueller, £1 Is.; a goat, buggy, and harness from Mr. T. Putnam ( this gift will form an attractive feature ill the procession on Master Monday); parcel of wool-work from the Misses Louisa and Susie Hunter, Miss A. liobertson, Miss A. Dorman, and the Misses lvate anil Louisa Meu dell. In reference to the gifts from the young ladies, the committee wish to impress upor. the minds of all children in the district that a splendid opportunity presents itself to them of assisting in the cause of charity, as 110 gift will be considered too small for acceptance. Api'EAL.—The case of Kattengall v. M'Devitt, an appeal from the Sandhurst County Court, , was yesterday argued in the Supreme Court, Melbourne. The case was instituted by the plaintiff to recover the sum of £jO damages for the warranty of a horse. When the horse was purchased it was warranted to be sound and quiet, and after having been in the plaintiti s possession a few weeks it became lame and unsound in the legs, hence the action. Plaintiff gave £30 for the animal. When the case was heard at the County Court his H.mor decided iu favor of the plaintiff. The defendant was ordered to pay £33 17s. Gd. to the plaintiff, the horse to be returned to the former. Against this decision an appeal was brought, and the court, after hearing the evidence and argu ments yesterday, reserved judgment-. I.kave of Absence.—At the meeting of the Eaglehawk Council yesterday, leave of absence for the space of three Iimntlis fras ghtutcd to Or. Lester, who left the borough fo-- Mi-lb.mrne a short time back. Prom this it would appear that Mr. Lester does not intend remaining per manently in the metropolis. Sir Brian O'Louulkk and Mil Service.— Sir Bryan O'Loghlen lias replied through the columns of the Aye to tiie .ioiiiewhiit playful letter addressed to hiiu by Mr. Service, which we published yesterday. The reply, however, is decidedly weak in every point, and .Mr. .Ser vice has an excellent opportunity for further exercise of the sarcasm which distinguished his previous letter, and in attempting to imitate which Sir Bryan has completely failed. The following, as bearing upon the point at issue, is the only portion of the letter worth republish ing:—" Cannot a Coined of phi'itses—happy Jiijd unhappy ones—see the difference between the antithesis raised by me hi the issue, ' YYere they to be ruled as freemen by their representatives in the Assembly, or were they to continue to be a nation of slaves to nn oligarchy ?' and tin: bare point-blank assertion which at Emerald Hill you would fasten on me ' that Victorians were a nation of slaves and serfs?'" Most readers, we venture to say, will fail to discern any essential difference between the "anti thesis" and the "bare point-blank assertion," for the former suggests very plainly that " tliey" were a nation ol' slaves; otherwise, why need Sir Bryan have feared that they would continue in a state of bondage. Orry I'd lice Court.—At this court yester day Thomas Guernsey was brought up on a couple of fraud summonses; the iirst at the suit of J. Bell for £17. .Mr. Jones appeared for the judgment creditor, aud examined the defendant as to his means, after which an order was made for the payment of the debt in three mouths, or one month's imprisonment, with £1 3s. 6d. costs to be paid forthwith, it being under stood that provided defendant paid lis. per week off the debt, the judgment would not be. en forced. In the second case .Mr. Motteram appeared for the plaiutilV, C. King, who sought to recover £9 Is. In this ease the defendant offered to pay us. per week, which Mr. .Motte ram agreed to take, and the case was accor dingly adjourned for four weeks on payment of 13s, coats. Four cases of assault aud abusive language were again adjourned until the lOtli inst. Messrs. Holmes, Buckley, and Osbnrue, J a. P., were oil the bench. Inspection' of Vineyards.—Messrs. Wallis (Secretary for Agriculture) and Crichton (In spector of Vineyards) arrived hero last evening, for the purpose of ascertaining whether there arc auy traces of the phyiloziivii plagua in the local vineyards. To-day they will visit the vineyards in the Sheepwash part of the district. Tiie Weatiier.—During yesterday morning the appearance of the sky denoted rain, but the clouds cleared away towards evening, and left the atmosphere clear and unclouded. A strong south wind was blowing all day, and the temperature was absolutely chilly, as was also tho night. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, fall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., o'J'; noon, GS°;3p.m., OS": G p.m., 50°; maximum, 74"; minimum, 50°; The barometer at 9 a.m. registered 20 "400; 0 p.m., 20-420. liESMGO Football Club.—At a meeting of the committee of this club held ou Monday evening at Bailes's London Hotel, it was de cided that the opening match of the season should be played against the Sandhurst Club on Wed nesday, the 21st May, and on the following Saturday (Queen's Birthday), the East Mel bourne Club have signified their intention of visiting Sandhurst. As this club was particu larly strong last season, it was resolved that to meet them on even terms, the members of the local club should go at once into active practice to enable the selection committee to gain an idea of the merits of each player, so that the best team might be brought out on that day. Practice will commeuce to-day in the Upper Reserve at three p.m." EAGLEHAWK Police Court.—The Mayor {Mr. Trumble) and Messrs. Caldwell and Ander son, Js. P., were on the bench at this court yesterday. Isaac Davis was fined 10s., and 23s. costs, for having assaulted a Chinaman named Ah Sing. Two months' time was granted to Thomas Ryan to pay an amount due to the Government towards the support of his child in the reformatory. On Monday the Mayor and Mr. Clothier, Js.P., presided at the cou-t, when a-young man named William Harris was lined 10s., for having behaved in a disorderly manner on the previous evening. Several previous complaints had bsea made against the defen dant. "Thrift.''—We have received from the actuary of the Melbourne Savings' Bank a small pamphlet, containing extracts from Smiles's work on " Thrift," etc. The object sought to be attained by the publication of the pamphlet is to induce everybody, however small their earnings, to Uy by something ovary weok. Tire Diamond Drill.—lWing operations continue to Int successfully carried on 1)}' the .liamond ill ill at the Great, Southern Company's lease. During the past two days a depth of 35 feet was bored, making the total depth of the bore-hole now-l:?? feet. The drill during the lank lew feet has been in very hard sandstone. •Adjocikshb Isqcikst.—The inquest com menced by Mr. Strickland oil Wednesday la*t, the 2(ith ultimo, on tho l.?J<'ly of .fu.siah Benny, mining nlahnger, wiio died fruit: injuries reeoiv<,-d hy a fall of earth, on the lSs.li, at tho mine of the • Central Catherine Comp.-my, Snob's' Ilill, will bo re filmed at the Camp Hotel, Kaglehawk, this ovuniiijr, at live o'clock. ILLNESS OF MR. T. J. CONNELLY. — We are very sorry to hear that Mr. T. J. Connelly is suffering from a rather severe indisposition, and had last night to return home from the Masonic Hall, whither he had proceeded for the purpose of attending a meeting of his lodge. Kki:an(; 1'ouoe Couiit.—At this court on Monday, .viessis. \V. J. 1'atolK-ll, Oarden, Taverner, and Lyttletm, Js.l\, presiding, four persons wore fined .-£*.35 cauh, with costs, for having soid liquor without a licence within tho shiru of .Swan ilill. Mr, Wrixon, the aliiro Holicitor, appeared for the prosecution, .mil Mr. Brown for l-ho defendants. Tin-: Latk Mii. Pktkk Tyson.—Mr. Peter• Ty-itm who died at St. Kilda on the 27th ult;, was a well-to-do s<]ti;itter, and tin; owner of the Corroiig station, Laohlan river, Nov South Wale?, hut was by no means so wealthy.a 111:111 as had • been stated. He was far from being the penurious character which some public writers have represented him to be. On the contrary, he was a'very kindly-hearted and fairly liberal man. Wo. hear that his widow, whom lie married under interesting circum stances, which ' must be fresh in the memory .of our readers, is left we!! provided for. Wo believe his property is divided between her and his relatives. County CointT.—'The sitting of the Goun'.y Court will opeu to-day before Ilia Honor Acting J mlire Leech. Tho list, which will bo found published elsewhere, contains a comparatively small number of casus, and none of special im Strathfieldsaye Council.—A special meet ing of councillors is to bo hold to- ilay at two o'clock to consider Cr. Hundell's motion for amalgamating the oilioos of shire secretary aiul engineer. Pnoi'K.ssou C.\v£l,L.—This expert professor of the useful art or swimming will give an exhibi tion of his powers in the Upper Reserve dam to day. The Professor will be assisted by his daughter Madeline and son Charlie, aged 0 an:l S years respectively. Owing to tin.- reserve being dedicated to public uses, no eharge can be made for admission, and the Professor will therefore depend alone on the liberality of those who may assemble to witness his performances. Trati'IC Ketohns.—The Victorian Railways tratiic returns, for the week ended 27 th March, show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,071, as against 067 in the corres ponding period of 1S7S: —No. of passsugers— 1878, -17,S-tL; 1S70, 51,1)07. Total returns for week ended '.27th March, t'2'2,107 lis. Gil.; for corresponding period, 1878, £21,170 Is. 10d. Ag gregate to date from 1st .July, £92S,G22 lis. 3d.; for corresponding week in 1878, £306,477 7s. 4d. Weekly average .(39 weeks)—1879. £23,810 lGs. <)d.; 1878, £23,2-13 0s. 2d. Tim A.J.C. SYON'iiY Races.—The great rac ing events of New South Wale3, which com mence on Easter Monday, arc now attracting a largo amount of interest, and as most of the ring leave next week fur Sydney, a fair amount of speculation is anticipated for the next few days. Already Bosworth, Hijhmond, Tucal, Savauaka, Trump Yoss, K.C.B., and "Macaroni have received a largo amount of support. For the Leger Bnswort'n is the only horse mentioned. Mr. Alfred Joseph sends us the latest quotations as follow:—3 to 1 Bosworth, 10 to 1 Tocal, 10 to 1 Savanaka, 10 to 1 Chester, 12 to 1 K.C.B., 12 to 1 Trump Yyss. From 100 to 5 others. D'Ajicy Head's Ghost.—Mr. D'Arey Head's Ghost entertainment at the Masonic flail was again well patronised last night. The perform Aiiee consisted of the fairy nursery story, " Beauty and the Beast," in which Miss Bassett tage. Miss M'Donald's rendering of "Beau tiful Bird " was especially good, and evoked a hearty lvund 'of applause. The entertainment concluded with the sketch of tho "Haunted House," which is excessively amusing. The same programme will be repeated to- night. Battauon Parade.—A battalion parade of the rilles will tjke place this evening at Castle maine, the Bendigo lli(lrs leaving Sandhurst by the seven p.m. train. Forage caps are to be worn. Donations.—Tho resident surgeon of tho hospital acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of various periodicals from Mr. W. P. Simpson for the use of tho patients. Mr. Druce, the secre tar\' of tho lj'iro Drigivrles1 Committee, acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of £5 5s. from tho South British Fire and Marine Jn.«urrtnoc Company, p .:r Mn \V»* C. Grimley, local iijifciit. be a success. Tin-; Skating Kink. —'J'hia evening tiie filiat ing rink in Williamson-street will bo opened for the first time 11 ■ of Mr. Gerard Carry. Mr. U-irry lias had the asphalte floor renewed, and -it is now in first-, class condition for Scaling purposes. Special attention will be |k»u! to the providing of roller skates of the best make, Music will be intro duced each evening. To-night Miss and Master Finster will perform, ou the piano and violin respectively, a ehoiee seicelion of.music. There should be a good attendance at the opening this evening. Death at tub Hospital.—A. man named WMliam Archer, Ul> years of age, who was admitted into the hospital on the 2(5r.h Feb ruary, suffering from phthisis, died yesterday of luemi irrl.age of the lung'. A. B.C. Guide. — \V"u have to acknowledge re ceipt of Messrs. Gordon and G'itch's very Use ful publication, the A B.C. Guide, for the month of April; PlHI.HARMOS 10 'Si >ch:t*/. — Every member of this society is requested to put in an appear ance at the adjourned general meeting t,o be held at the Cavalry Orderly lioom at S o'clock to-morrow evening. Eap.ly Closing Association. —The secretary of t'uc Sandhill'.-.;. 'Ivu\y Cl'sing Association re quests Us i-o remind the general public that busi ness places close ;.t i'i.i o'clock ■ from and after this date until October. New Statu Schools.—In replying to ii de putation from St. Kilda yesterday (the lie.raid states) Major Smith stated that it was his in tention to recognise the wants of country dis tricts in pre':. reuce to tho town ones for the pre sent, and tiiat nothing could be done towards the erection of the new school asked for by the deputation till the balance of the loan was floated, Tiin TiiAn.-sFer ok Selector's Leases,—Tho decision of the Supreme Court was given on Monday relative to the effect of the condition In the leases issued by the Crown under the Lund Act of ISti'J. 'Die lensei provided that no transfer or assignment of the property should have any effect unless anil until it was sanctioned by the Governor in Council. In the ease before the Court, one W. J. Scarlett, a lessee under the act, was sued by Mr. Ellison for money due. Judgment was recovered by tlie plaintiff, execution issued against Sc irlctt, and the defen dant's right, title, and interest to the lease were sold by the sheriff to Mr. S. Ame.-s. Ellison applied to have the /?. j'a. he obtained regis tered in the Titles olncc as a claim on the land, and Amess, following, this up, applied to have the transfer to him from the sheriff also regis tered. The registrar of titles objected, oil the ground that the sanction of the Governor in Council must first be obtained; that till it was obtained no transfer or assignment from Scarlett could be registered. The Court, however, held that the condition in the lease applied only to voluntary transfers by the leasee, but not to assignments by operation of law, such as a sale by the sheriff or an insolvency. . It was there fore ordered (ihe Art/in reports) that the writ of Jl. Jo., and the sale by the sheriff should both be registered in the Titles office. Effects or tub Stock Tax.—The report ot the directors of the .Melbourne Meat- preserving Company to be presented to tho shareholders at thtt meeting on Monday next shows a loss 011 the transactions of the half-year (we learn from the Art/us) amounting to £o,o01 10s. lid. Iu accounting for this result the directors say : — "The cause of the company's operations during the last half- year not being more favorable, is the small quantity of stock that has come into the market. The effect of tho stock tax has been, not to raise the price of stock in the Melbourne market (the numbers in the yards being always more than were wanted for local consumption), but to reduce the quantity avail able for preserving, to the injury of the cora pa-:y, of the trafiic of the railways, as well as of the large number of people employed by the company, as preservers, butchers, lightermen, carpcnters, etc., without any benefit in the way of enhanced prices being conferred oil the graziers of this colony. The working of the stock tax is shown by the fact tliit while in 1870 the number of sheep penued in the Mel bourne Yards was 1,077,Too, and iu 1S77 1,042.120. the number in 1S7S was only 7oS,0Sl." Fatal Occukresce.—A man named William Fox, (50 years of age, was killed at Stawell on Monday in a shocking manner. The deceased was in the employ of Mr. Daw, butcher, and was going for water with a horse and dray. The horse took fright and bolted, and the occurrence being seen the runaway was followed. Tiie dray was found jammed against a fence, and Fox was lying over the front side with his head hanging down and crushed. One arm was stripped of liesh and the other broken. Life was extinct when the body was found.—Argui, 