TOWN TALK. It will be seen by our European telegrams that the recent political disturbances in Egypt have induced the British and French Governments to despatch vessels-of-war to Alexandria, in order to be in readiness for probable contingencies. The first call on the shareholders of the City of Glasgow Bank has yielded £'2,000.000. The Princo Imperial of France has decided, to leave Eng land for the Cape, to witness the operations of the present campaign against the Zulus. The four men who started bushranging in the Balranald district, New South Wales, the other day, have, unlike the Kelly gang, speedily come to grief. A Sydney telegram states that the police have encountered and captured them, and that in the melee one constable was shot through the back, hut whether killed, or only wounded, is not stated. A Gazelle notice to the following effect was issued last night" His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby may be expected to arrive in Hobson's Bay at about 4 o'clock p.m. to-morrow (Thursday), the 27th instant. He will land at the SandridgeTown Pier, and will proceed direct to Government House, where the ceremony of reading the commission and administering the usual oaths will take place shortly after the arrival of his Excellency." ' As the s.s. Ilingarooma left Hobart Town for Melbourne on Tuesday night, hi3 Excel lency. the Marquis of Normanby may be ex pected here to-day. Yesterday afternoon the Government steamer Victoria, . with the Ministers on board, proceeded to Queens-' cliffe to be in readiness to meet and welcome our future Governor. We have received a long letter from a'cor-. j respondent relating to Purdue's trial and | sentence," in which the writer: condemns the i punishment meted out to the prisoner as .unnecessarily severe. The chief portion of ( the letter, however, is devoted to reviewing the laches of the Committee, which enabled j Purdue to commit these frauds, a master that has been already discussed very fully. The Committee may not be blameless in the mat j ter, but we would be sorry to believe that I we are to expect honest service from men occupying .offices of trust, only, so long as I they are kept under Btrict; surveillance. - If it were so, no house of business, nor public institution, would be proof against robbery, unless it kept a private detective on the pre | mises. j A serious accident happened in Skene street last evening, abont a quarter to nine o'clock. . A wagonette, driven by Mr Stone* ; ham, was proceeding along the street named towards Newtown, Mr G. W. Stephen being ' the only passenger. When near Dr. Pincott's i residence a springcart, containing Messrs Cameron and Roffey, fishmongers, came into : collision with the wagonette. One of the shafts of the cart grazed the leg of the driver of the cab and passed right through the vehicle, Mr Stephen narrowly escaping be'mg struck. Both vehicles having become locked neither capsized, although the collision was a very forcible odo. Mr Roffey was thrown ont of the spring cart, but not hurt. The horse in the wagonette, valued at £40, was badly bruised, and the animal, it is believed, has been permanently injured. The shafts of the wagonette were broken. The fish cart, although driven on the right side of tho road, was unprovided with lights. For some days past a naked man has been running wild in the hash forming a portion of the Golf Hill estate, near Shelford. On Tuesday afternoon, Mounted- constable Da yidson wentin search of the man, and towards the evening found him standing under a tree a short distance from the River Leigh. The individual turned out to be a young man named Thomas Cleary, who states that he has recently been sheep-shear ing at'Bnninyong. Cleary was perfectly nude, and when arrested on -a charge of lunacy, be appeared to have~jnst como from having a bath in the river. This wild man of the woods wa3 brought to Geelong yester day, and remanded until Monday for me dicalenquiry. The following statement has been sent to. tho Commissioner of Roads and Bridges by the Secretary of the Meredith Shire Council, as requested by a circular forwarded to the. Conucitiiumber of miles of main road proper within the Shire,- OJ miles. . All this has been formed and metalled. Total amonnt received up to September, 1878, on, account of main roads—Tolls, £245S 13s Sd ; Go vernment grants, nil Total amonnt ex pended up to September, 1878, on main roads, £2386 Is 6d. Approximate length of closed roads within the Shire, about OG mileh. Total amonnt received from Govern ment, £12,274 43'4d. All these returns date from the time of the formation of the muni cipality in 1S69. ' -jn the paragraph we published yesterday, referring to a magisterial enquiry as to the death of a. child, it was stated that the infant suffered from consumption ; it should' have been "constipation." So far as we nan ascertain there ' does not annear tn have been .any irregularity in the matter of BUp-, plying the mother with the homoeopathic medicine she applied for for the child. Mr Owen,' the chemist, advised the mother to take the infant to a doctor, and it is said that she. went to Mr Robinson's,; but that , gentleman being from home Bhe returned to. Mr Owen's shop and obtained a simple medi cine that could have had no effect in hasten ing the child's decease. A large bush fire was seen yesterday from Meredith, in the direction of Elaine, and it was feared that the strong north wind which was blowing yesterday might bring the flames towards Meredith. As the fire was apparently but a few miles above Elaine, and on the right side of the railway line, will probably make sad havoc with the many farms in that part of the district. A boy named Robert Clarke, living in Chilwell, had one of his- arms severely lacerated yesterday when climbing over a fence at Christ Church school. The boy was taken'to the Hospital. ' On Tuesday night or Wednesday morning some person or persons broke into an old wooden building, formerly used as a black smith's shop, in Corio-street, and owned by Mr John Montgomery. The thieves stole a few trifling articles. Even, more credit is due to the boy John Jullien, who made the excellent dive of 65 yards in the men's diving match on Tues day, than was given him. It was errone ously stated that he was 15 yeara of age ; he will not be 13 years of age until the ISth March. A man named Jame3 Easter was driving a threshing-machine towards Camperdown on Wednesday, the 19th inst:, when the horses bolted and he was thrown under the wheels, receiving abroken leg and severe internal in-' juries. Ho is now in the Ararat Hospital, and is progressing as favorably as can bo ex pected. A hot northerly wind, accompanied by clouds of dust, prevailed during the greater part of yesterday. In the evening there was a pleasant change, the wind shifting to the south. At one time there were indications of a thunderstorm, but the threatening clouds passed away without a drop of rain having fallen. A child named Maud Scoullar, whoso parents reside at Mount Drydcu, scalded herself so severely on Sunday evening last by upsetting a tea kettle that she succumbed to her injuries on Monday. An Australian Press Agency cablegram, dated Monday, says :—Mr Isaac Butt is re ported to be dying. The fourteen men charged with aiding and abetting the Kellys were brought before Mr Foster, P.M., at the Beechworth Police Court, on Tuesday, when they were further remanded for eight days. Peter Sullivan, of Sydney, who is matehed to row R. Edwards on the 5th March for £100 a-side, arrived on Tuesday morning in Melbourne by the Ly-ee-moon. He lias brought with him a beautiful light boat, weighing 2411). She has a rudder, which he steers with his feet. The Land Tax Commission gave their de cisions oh Tuesday on the first appeals from Gippsland which had come* before them. One estate of Mr Isaac M'Qnilkin, of 1750 acres, county of Tangil, was reduced from the second to'the third class, and a second belonging to the same owner from the third to the fourth class, this appellant being allowed in all £26 Is costs against the Crown. The estate of Mr IV. Merry, of 122S acres, county of Tangil, was reduced from the second to the third class, with £1414s costs. H.M. steam corvette Danae, a vessel re cently attached to the Australian squadron, arrived in Hobsoii'B Bay on Tuesday. She is r commanded by Captain John Child Purvis, and carries twelve muzzle-loading rifled guns. Her crew numbers ISO seamen and* marines and 20 officers. She will re main until after the arrival of his Excellency the Marquis of.Normanby, and will take part in his reception. Afterwards she will proceed to the naval head-quarters at Sydney. The Argus is informed that the last inter ruption to the Port Darwin line was caused by the natives cutting several feet out of the line wife. y . The tender for a fortnightly mail service was under the consideration of the Cabinet' on Tuesday, and the matter was looked upon very favorably. • It was, however, decided that, no action should be taken until in formation of a more definite character was received. It is probable (says the Age) that the tender of the Orient line, which was not investigated in consequence of aninformality, will be'reconsidered. The Traralgon correspondent of the Argus telegraphed on Tuesday as follows :—Byass, the defaulting Secretary to. the Protestant Alliance, who was supposed to be drowned, was arrested at two o'clock this morning by Constable Sharp, of Toongabbie. He waa lying in the bneh between Thomson Eiver and Walhalla. For the last two weeks he has lain concealed in the day time, and tra velled at night.1 He is now in the lock-up here, enroMfe to Sale. An. Argus telegram from Adelaide, dated Tuesday, saysHeavy floods have occurred in the Northern Territory. On Saturday one Chinaman was drowned at Yam Creek, and there has been great loss of provisions and property. Nearly every store on the gold-fields is flooded, and quantities of rice and other articles have been irretrievably damaged.—Two civilised native boys, who were travelling with Dr. Browne's expedi tion, have been murdered by the Alice Springs natives. For some time, past the natives have been killing cattle, horses, and sheep, and police protection is wanted badly. An incident happened at the Corporation Baths, Ballarat, on Tuesday afternoon (re ports the Courier), which, but for the pre sence of mind and pluck of Master Alfred Dawson, son of Mr Dawson, ironmonger, Sturt-street, must undoubtedly have resulted iu the loss of two lives. A lad named J. Crisp, son of Mr Crisp, the painter, Main road, who, it appeared, could only partly swim, got out of his depth, and, while sink ing, grasped another hoy nomed Bntaon. In struggling together, both sank under water twice, and Master Dawson at once went to the rescue, and, after considerable trouble, poshed and dragged the pair towards the steps at the side of the Baths. On arriving here, voting Dawson induced Crisp to relax * his grasp of liutson and hold on to the steps, which he did, and all danger being at an end, the other two swam away. ■ A Bcathcote telegram, dated Tuesday, in : tbo Anjus, says:—"Ah oltl man named Neill Wilkie, who ha3 been missing from home since last Thursday, was found* dead to»day in the bush, about a mile from his: residence at Mount Pleasant. Wilkie had been in a very desponding state lately owing to money difficulties.—A magisterial enquiry was held at Redcastle on the body of a Chinese gardener, who was found on* Saturday on the Mount Pleasant road. His cart had turned over, aud was lying on top of him." ■: On Tuesday afternoon fsays the Argus) a girl 12 or 13 years of age, named Kate Ony fell off the Brighton pier into the water. Captain-TP. J. Hall, of the ship Fleetwood, made all baste to the spot, and plunged into, the water, seized the girl by. the hair of the head, 'and brought her to the surface. A Mr Edwards, who is recovering from a severe illness, rendered what assistance he conld. Passing to the lower staging at the end of the pier, he lay down on the staging, and leaning over with an nmbrella, enabled Captain Hall to grasp it with one hand, whilst he held the- insensible girl with the other.* A rope was procured, which Captain Hall passed under her arms, and she was drawn up to the pier, when Captain Hall swam to the shore. In about five minutes afterwards the girl became conscious, and was taken to an hotel and put to bed. The gallant conduct of Captain Ball is deserving of publicity. D'Aroy's Head's far-famed "ghost"again astonished and amnsed thoso who attended at the Mechanics' Hall last night. "Beauty and the Beast" was repeated, and the smart dialogue and humorous situations were justly appreciated. The best part of the programme was the " Haunted House," n which the ghosts' autics arc perfectly as tonishing, and, indeed, the whele entertain ment is undoubtedly the most wonderful one ever witnessed in Geelong, combining, as it does, the popularity of a humorous entertainment, with a clever and marvellous scientific invention. As the "ghost"has had such a successful run it has been de termined to give another performance on to- morrow night, when a benefit will be tendered by Mr and Mrs D'Arcy Bead to their indefatigable agent, Mr W. S. Med calfe. This will afford those who have not seen this famous exhibition an opportunity, and an only one, of doing so, as the Company leave Geelong on Saturday. There will be no entertainment to- night, as "The Chinese Phantom Dancers," an optical illusion, in vented by Air D'Arcy Bead, will be pro duced for the first time at Mr Medcalfe's benefit, and the preparations required for this will entail the closing of the hall. In our reprint of the Finance Committee's report on the parks, a typographical error makes it appear that ten men and a boy are employed in the Eastern Parle. There are only six men and a boy employed in the park. The Corio Shire Council intend at the next ordinary meeting making a rate of la in the £. The ltailivay Department invite tenders for the manufacture of two steam boilers. Messrs Bucklaud and Burnett will offer for sale at two o'clock to-day, at Mack's Hotel, that well-known- property, "Bell Park," situated about three miles from Geelong. 