FISHER'S GHOST- A LEGEND OF CAMPBELLTOWN. (The incident related in the following tale must be familiar to our readers, especially to those in Campbelltown and its neighbourhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the statements; the inaccuracies, however, (if there be any), can only be of minor impor- tance ; the principal portions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appearance of Fisher's Ghost, contenting ourselves with simply telling the tale us it was told to us. Most of those concerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testi mony to its truth.) Render, have you ever paid a visit to the town, or rather to the village of Campbell- town ? If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We recommend you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from ex perience of the pleasure we have felt when domiciled in its comfortable little inn, enjoy ing a few days' relaxation from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there you can dispense with our description of its neat little church, its straggling appearance, and its pleasant situation, in short, of all the beauties which it presents to a toil-worn dust-blinded Cit on his first visit — and enable us to come at once to the subject matter of our tale. The visitant to Campbelltown must have ob served as he strolled through the village , large unfinished brick-building, fast moulder- ing to decay, which seems to have been in- tended at the time of its erection for a store ; its appearance, however, shows that what ever may have been the intention in erecting it, something must have intervened to prevent the accomplishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the freshness of the grass which covers the sward around it shows that whatever the cause may be, the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabit- ants of the surrounding cottage. The un- finished building and thn land which surrounds it were the property some few years ago of a man named Frederick Fisher, who occupied an adjoining cottage, of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner; he had served his time in the employ of a gentleman in the neighbourhood, and had removed to the town, when he obtained his ticket-of-leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our tale, he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone the sentence which had been awarded to him by the laws of his country. He had also soon after he became free obtained a grant of a town allotment and had commenced the building referred to, in- tending on its completion to occupy one por tion of it as a dwelling-house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the com mission of the offence which had led to his transportation. His relatives, enraged at the disgrace he had subjected them to by his mis conduct, had taken little notice of him after that period ; and as he could put no trust in those whom he saw around him, placed in cir- cumstances similar to his own, he had, conse- quently, formed no friendship which might have enabled him to pass pleasantly his vacant time ; his education, also, had been much ne glected in his youth by those very relatives who were so liberal of their censure after he had gone astray ; it is not, therefore, matter of surprise that his time should have, occasion ally, hung heavy on bis hands. His own fire side presented few attractions to him ; his con duct, since his arrival in the colony, not having been such as to afford him much gratification in the retrospect ; the resolutions of amend ment he had made whilst in jail and on the passage out, had melted like snow when ex posed to the demoralizing influence of the ex ample set by those around him. Fisher, like most of his class, flew for refuge from unplea- sant recollections to the society which the neighbouring taproom afforded, and sought for that which he found not at home, in quaffing the flowing bowl. The necessary consequences of conduct such as this soon became apparent; his business, to which, on gaining his freedom, he had paid strict attention, was now neglected; but instead of endeavouring, by exertion, to extricate him self from the difficulties which began to sur round him, he plunged yet deeper into a life of dissipation, frequenting the puritans of the tap both night and day. His inevitable ruin became soon so apparent, that his creditors re solved no longer to brook delay; he was accord ingly arrested and lodged in jail, at the in stance of one of their number, for a debt of £150. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow the bad example of others to lead him astray, he was yet far from having reached that pitch of depravity which many of his as sociates had attained; although he had ne glected his business, and spent in dissipation those means which ought to have been applied to the liquidation of his debt, he had yet sufficient moral principle rernaining to shudder when one of his drunken associates, named Worral, suggested the expediency of entering into a scheme to defraud his creditor, by making over to him the whole of his property which yet remained ; making, at the same time, a private engagement that it should be restored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the jail. The persuasions of Worral, who represented to him the ease and safety with which he might thus revenge himself on his creditors and regain possession of his pro- perty, without any encumbrance, soon over come the feelings of repugnance which he had at first felt, and he consented to make a trans fer of all he possessed to Worral, under these conditions. Mr. P., at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding that he was not the owner of the property he supposed, con sented, after some time, to his liberation, as the only means by which he was likely over to recover the amount of his claim. Fisher immediately on his release returned to Camp- belltown, exalting in the success of his scheme. About a week after Fisher's return, he left his house one evening with the intention, it was supposed, of resorting, according to his usual custom, to some of the neighbouring ginshops. Morning came, but his continued absence ex- cited no surprise, as it was supposed that ho had got so drunk the previous night as to be an- able to return home. As the day wore on, and no signs of his appearance, a neighbor went to enquire at the various publichouses whether be had been there, he had not been at any of his usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous evening. Many conjectures were made as to the cause of his protracted absence, but no feasible reason could be adduced until the afternoon, when Worral returned from Sydney, whither he said he had accompanied Fisher on the previous evening, who had sailed early that morning for England, in order to avoid the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troublesome to him, some of them having even threatened to lodge him again in gaol. This was corro- brated by the fact that a vessel did sail for England on that day. Worral's state ments set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat of Fisher's disappearance, and he was allowed to take undisputed possession of the property, on producing Fisher's conveyance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten, or never alluded to, except by the deluded credi tors, who consoled themselves for their loss, by venting imprecations and forming resolutions never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's disappear ance, Mr Hurley, a respectable settler in the vicinity of Campbelltown, was returning thence to his residence ; he had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no means improbable thnt his mind reverted to his sudden disappear ance, when passing the place where he had so long resided ; be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's statement ever entered his mind. It was about ten o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the moon had risen, but here brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from five te eight hundred yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognize distinctly the features of Fisher, whom he find supposed then far on his way to England. He ap- proached the figure with the intention of as suring himself that he had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly ap. pearance which the features presented to his view on his nearer approach, struck such a chill of terror to his heart as chained him motionless to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, rose from the fence, and waving its arm, pointed in the direction of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, ap parently following the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered the faculties of Hurley at this sight defies all powers of de scription ; in a state of stupefaction he left the spot, and endeavoured to obtain an entrance into the nearest house. How he managed to find his way to the house he has no recollection, but just as he approached it, his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his head striking the door as he fell, alarmed the in mates, who on opening it found him lying in a death-like swoon ; he was carried into the house, where he lay for a whole week in the delirium of a brain fever, The frequent men- tion of the name of Fisher in his ravings at tracted the attention of those who attended liiin, and conjecture was soon busy at work to ascertain what had driven him into such a state. His known character for sobriety, as well as the testimony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before, forbade the supposition that it had been caused by drunkenness ; and rumour, with her thousand tongues, turned the villagers' heads with wain conjectures as to its probable cause. On the morning of the ninth day of Hurley's illness, he awoke after a long and refreshing sleep, in the full, possession of his senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the Police Magistrate should be sent for. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee, who then filled the situation of Superintendent of Police for Campbelltown and the surrounding dis tricts, was sent for and came immediately on being made aware of the circumstances. To him Hurley disclosed what he had seen, and the suspicion that Fisher had met with foul play, which that sight had impressed, on his mind. As soon as Hurley was able to leave his bed, Mr Howe, accompanied by a few constables, among whom was a native black named Gilbert, went conducted by Hurley, to the place were the apparition had been seen. On closely examining the panel of fence, ing pointed out, Mr Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was commenced to discover further traces of the supposed murder, but nothing more was observed. It was thought advisable to trace the course of the creek, in the direction to which the ap- paration had pointed, and in which it had dis appeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gil bert was directed to explore with his spear ; he carefully examined each as he approached it, but the shake of his head denoted his want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched, the standers' by observed his eyes sparkle, as he exclaimed in a tone of triumph, while yet at some distance from the pool, " white man's fat sit down here." As soon as he reached the bank of the pond he put his spear into the water, saying " white man there. " The constables were immediately set to work to clear away the water, which was was soon effected— and on digging among the sand the remains of a human being in an ad vanced state of decomposition were discovered. It became now obvious to all, that Fisher (if the remains which had been found were really his) had met with an untimely end. Suspicion alighted on Worral, who was the only person who had reaped any benefit from Fisher's death ; and it was remembered also that he it was who had first propagated the story of Fisher's return to England. Many circumstances corroborative of this suspicion flashed on the minds of the neighbours, which until now had escaped their notice. Mr Howe caused Worral to be arrested, and the suspicion, being con- firmed by a body of circumstantial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court for the murder. The conviction that retributive justice was now about to over take him, had such an effect on his mind that he confessed his guilt. His reason for so bar- barous a proceeding arose from the transaction mentioned in the former part of the narrative. Fisher overjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he had defrauded his creditors, for got to regain possession of the deed of convey ance by which he had made over his property to Worral. The thought occurred to Worral, that if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim possession of the property in right of that conveyance ; this project had repeatedly occurred to him while Fisher was in jaol : and he had resolved even then, either to regain possession of the private agreement which compelled him to re- store the property whenever it might he re quired, or to get rid of him entirety. Foiled in his scheme to obtain possession of this document by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ul- timately accomplished. Under the mask of friendship, he was Fisher's companion during the day— and night after night he watched Fisher's motions from the time of his return from gaol, but had accidentally been foiled in every attempt he had made, until the one on which the murder was committed. On that night he was as usual prowling about Fisher's cottage, looking out for an opportunity to at- tain his ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed at some distance by Worral. At the place where the blood was afterwards dis covered, Fisher stopped and leant against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now before him the oppor- tunity he had so long waited for, and taking up a broken panel of the fence, he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched him lifeless on the ground ; he car- ried the dead body from the scene of the mur der to the place where it was afterwards dis covered, and buried it deep in the sand. A few weeks after he had made the confession he expiated his crime on the scaffold, imploring with his last breath the forgiveness of his Maker. 