THE GHOST ROBBER. \-- On a fine evening in the spring of 1830, a stranger, mounted on a noble- looking horse, passed slowly over the snow-white limestone road leading through the Black Forest. Just as the sun was going to rest for the day, when the gloomy shadows were beginning to stalk, he drew rein as he said: 'This must be near the spot, surely. I'll stop here, anyhow, and see what I can learn.' He thereupon dismounted and entered the parlour of the inn, where he sat down beside a small table. 'How can I serve you, meinheer?' said the landlord. 'See to my horse outside,' replied the guest carelessly, but at the same time eyeing the landlord from head to foot: 'and let me have some wine—Rhine will do.' The landlord was turning to withdraw from the stranger's presence, when he stopped and said: 'Which way, meinheer, do you travel?' 'To Nanstadt,' replied the guest. 'You will rest here to-night, I suppose,' con- tinued the landlord. 'I will stay here for two or three hours, but I must then be off, so at to reach my destination there in the morning. I am going to purchase lumber for the market.' 'And you have considerable money with you, no doubt?' asked the landlord, innocently. 'Yes, considerable,' replied the guest, sipping at his wine, disinterestedly. 'Then if you'll take my advice,' said the land- lord, 'you'll stay here till morning.' 'Why?' replied the stranger, looking up curiously. 'Because,' whispered the landlord, looking around as if he were disclosing a great secret, and was afraid of being heard by somebody else, 'every man that passed over the road between this and Nanstadt at midnight, for the last ten years, has been robbed or murdered under very singular circumstances.' 'What were the circumstances?' asked the stranger, putting down his glass empty, and preparing to fill it again. 'Why, you see,' the landlord went on, while he approached his guest's table and took a seat, 'I have spoken with several who have been robbed; all I could learn from them is, that they remember meeting in the lonesome part of the wood, something that looked white and ghastly, and frightened their horses, so that they either ran away or threw their riders; they felt a choking sensation and a sort of smothering, and finally died, as they thought, but awoke in an hour or so to find themselves by the roadside, robbed of everything.' 'Indeed,' ejaculated the stranger, looking abstractedly at the rafters in the ceiling, as though he was more intent upon counting them than he was interested in the landlord's story. The innkeeper looked in astonishment. Such perfect coolness he had not witnessed for a long time. 'You will remain, then?' suggested the land- lord, after waiting some time for his guest to speak. 'I?' cried the stranger, starting from his fit of abstraction, as though he was not sure that he was the person addressed. 'Oh, most cer- tainly not; I'm going straight ahead, ghost or no ghost, to-night.' Half an hour later the stranger and guide, called Wilhelm, were out on the road, going at a pretty round pace towards Nanstadt. During a flash of lightning the stranger ob- served that his guide looked very uneasy about something, and was slackening his horse's pace as though he intended to drop behind. 'Lead on,' cried the stranger, don't be afraid.' 'I'm afraid I cannot,' replied the person addressed, continuing to hold his horse until he was now nearly a length behind his companion. My horse is cowardly and unmanageable in a thunderstorm. If you will go on, though, I think I can make him follow close enough to point out the road.' The stranger pulled up instantly. A strange light gleamed in his eyes, while his hand sought a breast pocket, from which he drew some- thing. The guide saw the movement, and stoppd also. 'Guides should lead, not follow,' said the ranger quietly, but with a firmness which seemed to be exceedingly unpleasant to the person addressed. 'But,' faltered the guide, 'my horse won't go.' 'Won't he?' queried the stranger with mocking simplicity. The guide heard a sharp click, and saw some- thing gleam in his companion's right hand. He seemed to understand perfectly, for he imme- diately drove his spurs into his horse's flanks, and shot ahead of his companion without another word. He had no sooner reached his old position, however, than the stranger gave him a sharp turn to the right and then disappeared, as though he had vanished through the foliage of the trees that skirted the road, He heard the clatter of his horse as he gal- loped off. Without waiting another instant, he touched the horse lightly with the reins, gave him a prick with the rowels, and off the noble animal trotted in the wake of the flying guide, The stranger's horse being much superior to the other's, the race was a short one, and ter- minated by the guide being thrown nearly from the saddle by a heavy hand which was laid upon the bridle, stopping him. He turned in his seat, beheld the stranger's face, dark and frowning, and trembled violently when he felt the smooth, cold barrel of a pistol pressed against his cheek. 'This horse almost ran away with me,' cried the guide, composing himself as well as he could under the circumstances. 'Yes, I know,' said his companion dryly, 'but mark my word, young man, if your horse plays with tricks again, he'll be the means of seriously injuring his master's health.' They both turned and cantered back to the road. When they reached it again, and turned the heads of their horses in the right direction, the stranger said to his guide, in a tone which must have convinced his hearer as to his ear- nestness: 'Now, friend Wilhelm, I hope we understand each other for the rest of the journey. You are to continue on ahead of me, in the right road, without swerving either to the right or left. If I see you do anything suspicious, I will drive a brace of bullets through you without a word of notice. Now push on.' The guide had started as directed, but it was evident from his mutterings that he was alarmed at something beside the action of his follower. In the meantime the thunder had increased its violence, and the flashes of lightning had become frequent and more blinding. For awhile the two horsemen rode on in silence, the guide keeping up his directions to the letter, while his follower watched his every movement as a cat would watch a mouse. Suddenly the guide stopped and looked behind him. Again he heard the click of the stranger's pistol and saw his uplifted arm. 'Have mercy, meinheer,' he groaned. 'I dare not go on.' 'I give you three seconds to go on,' replied the stranger, sternly.' 'One!' 'In heaven's name spare,' implored the guide, amost overpowered with fear. 'Look before me in the road, and you will not blame me.' The stranger looked. At first he saw some- thing white standing motionless in the centre of the road, but presently a flash of lightning lit up the scene, and saw that the white figure was indeed ghastly and frightful enough to chill the blood in the veins of even the bravest man. If his blood chilled for a moment, therefore, it was not through any fear that he felt for his ghostly interpreter, for the next instant he set his teeth hard, whiles he whispered between them just loud enough to be heard by his terror-stricken guide: 'Be it or man devil!—ride it down—I'll follow. Two!' With a cry of despair upon his lips, the guide urged his horse forward at the top of his speed, quickly followed by the stranger, who held his pistol ready in his hand. In another instant the guide would have swept the dreadful spot, but at that instant the report of a pistol rang through the dark forest, and the stranger heard a horse gallop through the woods riderless. Finding himself alone, the stranger raised his pistol, took deliberate aim at the ghostly mur- derer, and then pressed his finger upon the trigger. The apparition approached quickly, but in no hostile attitude. The stranger stayed his hand. At length the ghost addressed him in a voice that was anything but sepulchral: 'Here, William, ye move out of your perch this minute and give me a helping hand. I've hit the game while on the wing, haven't I?' The stranger was nonplussed for a moment, but recovering himself, he grumbles something unintelligible and leaped to the ground. One word to his horse and the brave animal stood perfectly still. By the snow-white trappings of the would-be ghost he was enabled to grope his way in the dark toward that individual, whom he found bending over a dark mass, about the size of a man, on the road. As the tiger pounces upon his prey, the stranger leaped upon the stooping figure before him and bore it to the ground. 'I arrest you in the King's name,' cried the stranger, grasping his prisoner by the throat and holding him tight. 'Stir hand or foot until I have you properly secured, and I'll send your soul to eternity.' This was an unexpected turn of affairs that the would-be ghost could hardly believe his own senses, and was handcuffed and stripped of his dagger and pistol before, he found time to speak. 'Are you not my Wilhelm?' he gasped. 'No, landlord,' replied the individual ad- dressed, 'I am not. But I am an officer of the King, at your service on special duty, to do what I have to-night accomplished. Your, precious son, Wilhelm, whom you thought was leading an innocent sheep to the slaughter, lies in the road, killed by his father's hand.' Two weeks later at Bruchsale prison, in Baden, the landlord of the sign of the Deer, and the Ghost Robber of the Black Forest, who was the same identical person, having been proven guilty of numerous fiendish murders and artfully contrived robberies, committed in the Black Forest, paid the penalty of his crimes by getting fall his head from the executioner's axe, since when travelling through Schwartzwald has not been so perilous to life and purse, nor has there been seen any Ghostly Knight of the Road in that section of the world. 'The superintendent approached a youth of colour, who was present for the first time in Sunday-school, and inquired his name, for the purpose, of placing it on the roll.The good, man tried in vtin to preserve his gravity when the Answer was returned : " Well, massa cells me Cap'n ; but my maiden name is Moses." Lord North and his parliamentary oppo nent, Colonel Barre, both became blind towards the close of their lives, The two were after wards brought together on a certain occasion, when Lord North said : " Colonel, you and I have been at variance; but I believe .there are hew no two persons in the werld who would be more glad to see each other. " An erring husband, who had: exhausted all explanations for late hours, and had no apology ready, reoently slipped in the house abont 1 o'clock, very softly, denuded himself gently, and began rocking the cradle by the. bedside, as if he fold been awakened put of a sound deep by infantile cries. He had rooked away ior five minutes, when Mary Jane, who had silently obseived the whple manoeuvre, said, " Come to bed, yon fool ; the baby ain t there." Scene in a horse-oar : Seats all ooouoled. Enter a person dressed as a lady. Bri ht little boy rises and offers his seat. Lad y drops into it with an air of slight disdain. Boy: "Oh 1 I beg your pardon, did yon speak?" Lady : "No, I didn't say anything."- Boy : "Oh ! excuse me ; I thought yon said ' -thank yon.9 " Lady (in high dudgeon) : "You- may have your seat. Boy (resuming ; " Well. I'll thank you." Passengers convulsed, Lady dis appears at next street orossipg. 