-FLOTSAM- v. -Tom 6aizet^«nd Lucas liavie put in thdr - ViIm®^^I'lhJnk ftiey're in the wrong R : ; as sd&n; as posdble.. ^ jHie coun- ^^^JitJb^^'jndiin^ tibiroi^^.Uie tino^rtunty arrett ' Abe^ginaat iiiiSqnal miBtake ' :> ^llo^Wrl^el^^^^iiisMiee' peculiar privi- ' • - iiii^oii - .'I think lheir present oneB are about ^ devised? :«na that a in *• dtifiction '"vf. Qneensla in' legjdafion-would be >ginng - the ^ on the itniHflH an: enlarged " i in.theAssem: ^^—ioii'without in- Site Jabej^lf at if fi^lalaBllswiiwi ahundred or a hnn-- lejgpdatibia wliatevefi, Beeing that with seventy-thr«e we get woxt to none. The Parramatta volunteers (old style) are not in agreement as to vrtxat should be done with their funds: in fact. there is a " ruction," which one' continually hears being discussed. Hbst of the up^ountry corps have divided- their fonds amongst members. This I hold to be the very best thing to do under the .circum stances. . o * *. • ' r. Latest thins out I /. An Anti-etrike Assotoiation. Do Sie worthy capitalistio promoters of this extremely «' g6bdy- gooay " idea th'? 1^ that by sel resolntionsthey can induoe labour ,Xas ©ill did her dncto) to come and be killed at the sweet bidding «f the Chamber of Commerce ? V 0 Hamlet, what a falling-off was there 1 Look here npon this picture and on ihiet Charles James Soberts vice Edward Deas- Thomson, as member of the Intemationcl Exhibition Committee. I shall spoil this par if t say another'word. • * # # They are findingvaluable pictures, " old maBten," eto., but here now.' If s a good line, is the old masters, well worked.' "Ouida" in her latest novel, "Friendship ". (an execrably immoral book, by- thebye) has a good de;.1 !'. ViHing at the modem way of "'e-iCkUy " au old master. Being jn-ii -!- -.-'/found makes the thing a success. Tuey'll be "finding a statue by Michael Angelo before they've done, or an altar piece by Guido, somewhere in Sydney or Melbourne: see if they dm't ? In the last list of.- .unclaimed letters, the Secretary to the Post Office puts down under " Initials,". " The Churchwardens, Cabramatta." Why thus, Mr. Lambton ? \- • . v : : A. Boss, the manager of. the Bulli Company's mines loves bis little joke.' When charged "With having stated that the late miners' meeting had deoided to commit violent and desperate deeds, he made reply (at least so the Herald was informed) Dy iwriting in pencil upon the letter containing the charge, "Itwas simply a joke." A man of snoh infinite humonr, and so well -dowered with taot. ehould be appointed perpetual Secretary of the Anti-strike Asso dation. Wisdom says the present Ministry is not a Coalition:' and he lays down rules to prove .that though it may to the uninitiated look like a Coalition one it is not and by the nature of things can't be a Coalition.: Mr. Wisdom is" going to carry out a'similar train of thought in his xiew pamplet: On the squaring of the _circle with remarks on two and two not being four. All I've to say on the point is that if the union of Honest Jack and constitutional **Eniy be not a coalition, t)ie word wants re-defi by the lexicographers. * * • The Beviewer in " the Qaeenslander " is down on " The Vagabond,*' and with reason. The: latter gentleman (?) having been bumptiously patronising to Mr. Traill, of the Brisbane preBS, took offence at some articles written in the Courier in imitation of his (the Vs) style and was very wroth more tuo. The BeviewSr thus refers to the episode:—" The articles referred to were an extremely clever burlesque cf The Vagabond's ". style, and so keen and incisive was the satire that we can quite understand the writer they were intended to ridicule condemning them as of questionable taste. Mz. Thomas infers that Mr. Traill wiehed to borrow his mantle for the sake .of a little transitory glory, whereas he really borrowed it to clothe a figure that he might pelt with ridicule. Instead of the ass borrowing the lion's skin, it was, in fact the lion exhibiting the pelt of the other animal for the delectation and amusement of the multitude " This is hot for the Vag, and will be doubtless read with gusto by the German Band. 1 observed a railway meat van' at the Parramatta station the other day ; having just previously been reading an account of the meat supply question, as enumerated by Mr. A.iO. Fraser, I went np to it f< purpose of inspection, and I am bound to say that: the sight was not calculated to improve one'-s appetite.. Where the meat had come bom and where it was going to I know not ; hut it was very carriony, illkilled. smeared with dirt, stnck- over with -pieces of .soiled straw, and scarce fit for dog's meat; ' I hoped it wasn't for a charitable institution, and sauntered off entertaining thon^te .of turning vegetarian. I have been given in perfect confidence by three or four different fellows three or four distinctly different tips for the Mayor's Cup '79. A says Smith's bonnd to go in, that that worthy alderman will get the sup port of hiB enemies, who will vote for him just to keep Byrnes out. B. says Young must win,' on Somewhat similar grounds. C. deolares'tbat Byrnes is "as safe as thongh there wa s no such thing in existence as a Taylor party. - While I), insists on it that Booth has just'a ghost of. a chanoe.. The only man I don't envy is the worthy Council Clerk andliis chance of havicg to do the needful duringanotherdeadlock. It's a pity there's so much heart-burning and two- ^itba longpulC a strong''pull, and a pull dU-togetli*r—-Vjphra.im not envying J nor Judah running down Ephraim—what a lfionrishing little commmiity the town mjghtbe. , Wliy, if it hadn'tbeen for all these : .Montague and Capnlet, Guelf and Ghibeline, pure 'merinp. and currency, divisionB, Piarramatia -Wonld 'have been a water-supplied, gas-lit borough Jyears ago. As tbings are plea^ntly arrangra now, it iBbnly for the Montagues to siiggeBtare' £>rmt for the Capnlets oppose it tooth and nail, to the postponement-of local progross. WUatiswantedisnewblQodin (he Council, and ia polite relegation bf 'the old identities to .'a " back seat." ' THE WBECEEB. 