A LAY OP THE GARDEN PALACE ( Showing how a Dugong, a Bandersnatch, and a Bilbah loent on the spree; how they did the Exhibition; with divers other right merrie conceits never before published.) Fytte the Second. Continued.) " Twas ever thus," gloomily murmured the Snark, 4 4 Disappointment, and muffins, and debt, Shall I multiply six by the bed-post — but — hark ! 'Tis the Bandersnatch drooping and wet. 44 Tis the voice of this Bandersnatch, hear me complain, I have just seen a ghost, yes, a ghost, Of the cove who the organ built, doomed for his pain, To pervade the South African coast. 4 4 And no daily orisons his pain may abate, No medium may give him a job ; For they scratch out the humbug he writes on the slate, And the spirits won't trust him a bob. 44 And to gain a remission he need must attain, Twice three things — let me be understood — Twice three things— you observe, I repeat it again, And I trust that my reasons are good." Thus the Bilbah and Snark interposed, and then sneezed. 4 4 Is it freehold, or leasehold, or how?" But the Bandersnatch said they could do as they pleased, Twas an anvil, a gropus, and cow. 44 As to Cowes," said the Dugong, 44 just let me relate An anecdote told by my father, He once jumped a forty-five double-barred gate, And regretted it afterwards — rather." 44 And that brings to my mind," said the Snark with a bow, 44 Another small story which, perhaps, you will hear — But- 1 really forget— was the subject a cow ?" 44 Very good," said the Dugong — exactly — hear, hear." 'Twas midnight, the watchmen were broaching the casks, A trophy stood combing its hair with a rake, The statues descended in silence and masks, While the bones of the Moa made love to a snake. The organ emitted the end of a groan, It had nourished just forty-five years and a day, And Venus was pelting her boy with a stone, While the Laocoon put off his coil for the day. Then a nugget came down arm in arm with a pick, And told its adventures to pieces of quartz ; While a gilded Apollo cut clefts in a stick, Which he mentioned he'd heard was a cure for the warts. Said the Bilbah 4 4 It's slow, let us hook it and draw Friend Emerson's crib for the bivalve so fat ;" So they threw poor Othello a plug for a 44 chaw," And for oysters went in by a shake in the hat. 