The Master of Ghosts. JBOME ESTE3&ESTING; FACTS FEO5I PRO FESSOR PEPPEE. - a'ROFEssoB f epper who, in England for many years Jiast, has ocenpitd a leading position among the ex ponents of popnlar science, and who has, in faot, been so long before, the public that ha is alleged to be a imndred years old, has arrived from Melbourne after achieving- in the capital of the southern colony the same brilliant success that has attended his efforts in other parts of the world. The professor etoutlv Monies that he is a centenarian, and the truth of his denial is maintained by his appearance, which certainly is by no means that of a ?man whosa age exceeds the threescore and ten years allotted to mortals ; however, ho has no objection to jpeoplo believing that he was born in or about 1780, as Bueu a conolnsion would, if true, involve an addi tional reason why tho public should more extensively patronise him. The professor purposes opening his Sydney season to-night in an entertainment the items o£ which' are detailed in onr advertising columns. Ho is -perhaps best known as the inventor of ' Pepper's Ghost,' and as we have not space here to recapitulate the pro gramme announced, it may bo well for ub morely to state, that on his first appearance he will produce, among other wonderful illusions, the effect entitled 'The Lady and tho Mask,' and ' The Dancing Skeleton.' The opening part of his 'scientific fes tival', will consist o£ a dUaourse, illustrating light and optics, enlivened by a great number of new and beautifnl experimontG. What may bo called ' tho forms of sound,' for every sound like every ray of light, has its own distinctive form, will bo made visible on the screen, the sounds chosen as the subjects of illustra tion being musical notes. To-right week the professor hopes to present to the public the cele brated Modern Metempsychosis, of which he and Mr. James J. Walker, the well- known organ-bnilder, are the patentees. The 'metempsychosis' is anew illusion, and is entirely different from ' Pepper's ghost.' 'In the hitter the Bpoctre merely appears and ?disappears ; in the former, the stage is completely empty. The professor's voice is heard, but he ihimself is invisible. He slowly 'comes ont of nothing ' on the stage, and before the audience have recovered from their surprise he stands before the footlights. This illusion is splendidly adapted for dramatic purpoeos. A man, for instance, is repre sented as sitting in a chair at a cafe, attended on by ghostly waiters, who appear and disapuear at the professor's will. Pictures of mon in armour leave their frames, and the figures walk about. Banauo's ghost appears seated on a ohair, and then melts away, but the chair remains. One moment the ghost of a man stands before the audience ; tho next moment tho spectre appears to be that of a woman, through whose transparent body the man's figure is seen. When producing the ' metempsychosis, ' ' Professor Pepper will, wo believe, bring undor the notice of his audienceB tho splen didly imaginative ghost stories contained in Wash inirton Irring's 'Tales of the Alhambra;' also the fascinating tale from Blackwood, so well known to colonials, entitled, ' Fisher's Ghost.' 