A STRANGE DREAM. A most remarkable thing happened to me —so remarkable that' I mast tell the story from, the beginning. After I left the High School I went with 6—, my moBt intimate friend^ to attend the classes in the Univer sity. There was no divinity class, batwe freqaently.in car w^lks dUcuBsed ^nd fipeca lated upon many grave subjects—among others, -on, the .immortality of* the soul, and on a future state. This_ question, and the possibility* 1 will not say of ghosts walking, pu t of dead . appearing to the li ving, were subjects of mqch speculation j and we actu ally committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with out blood, to the effect that, whichever of us died first should appear - to the. other, and thus solve' any - doubts we had entertained of the " life after death." Af^er ire had finished onr,classes at the college/G-—went to India.liaviog got an appointment there iffthe aernce. He seldom wrote fame, and after^he lapse of ^Jew jreM-s^J hsd ajinpst forgottenhiai; moreover, his family ^haviog littie connection jn Edinburgh, I seldom few or beard any thing of them, so that all the eld school-boy intimacy had diedout, and I had nearly for gotten his existence. I had taken a warm barh, and while lying in it and enjoying the comforts of the heat, I turned my head around looking towards the chair' on which I. had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of my bath. On the chair sat G- , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of 6- —, had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I bad no inclination to talk about it, or to speak of it even to Stuart; but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily for gotten, and so strongly was I affected by it, that I have here written down the whole history, with the date 19th of December, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen 9sleep; and that the appearance presented so distinct ly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had had no communication with G , nor bad there been anything to recall him to my recollec tion ; nothing bad taken place dnfing our Swedish travels either connected with G—— or with India, or with anything relating to bim, or to any member of his family. I re collected quickly enough our old discussiou and the bargain we bad made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G must have died, and that bis appear ance to me was tojbe received by me es proof of a future state. # # * # * I hate just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream :— And now to finish 'the story begun about sixty years since—Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G——'3 death! and stating that he had died on tbe 19th of December!— Brougham. 