CHAPTER XLVI. THBSKD. ' Dotican, satd ttamiah, in a low whisper —fiw Macleod had gone below, and they thought be might be asleep in the small, bached state-room — « this is a strange-looking day, is it not r Ana i am afraid of it m this open bay, with an arohorage no better than a- sheet of paper for an anchorae*. Do yon sea now how strange4ookbig it is P' Duncan Camrron also spoke in his-oative tongue, and ha said : * That is true, Hamish. And it was a day hk« this there was when the Solan was sunk at her moorings in Loch Hourn. Do yon remember, Hamish P And it wonld be b-tter far us now if we were in Loch Toe, or Looh nft-Keal, or in the flock that was built for the steamer at Tires. I do not like the look of inn day.' Yet to an ordinary observer it would have aerated that the chief oharjoteristio of this pale still day wae'extrare and settler! calm. There was not a breath of wind to ruffle the surface 'te sea ; bat there was a slight, glassy swell, jd that only served to show curirus opalescent «ts under, the suffused light of the sun. .*n were no efcrads ; there was only a thin sfl of faint and sultry mii-t a aerou the sky j \- anr *aa invisible, but there was a glare of vaUer U the point of '*»e heavens. A dead ?4bx it heavy, oppressed, sultry. Thr-9 .m ?otoetbine fa the atmosphere that seeut.id te- waul} on the chert. m1bv was a dream I had this roornip?,' eontbU'Oti Hannah, in the aanwlow tone*. 'It w . about my little granddaughter Christina. Vou know my little Christina, Duncan. And Ob* said to me, * What have you doae with Sir X«th Maelaod P -Why hare yoa r~t h-toght hint back? He was onder vmrcaregrand&tfaer.;' I did nor like that dream. ' 'Ob, yon are becoming as had as 3ir Keith Maelaod himwelH' said the otlier. .?? He does awteiesp. H« talks to lumael£i -Yen wfll oaaome Lke that if yoa pay ?t»*nlk(i 101000817 dr*an», fiamiah, ? Hsmfalris piiok temper leaped np. ** What do yoo mean. Donetn Cameron, by saying «aa bad as 8ir KenhJladeod V Tea —yoa torn from Hose, or in Sutherland either is a* good -a psitwr, and — brave a lad, ar Sir Xaith, Jfaaieod— not any one, TV ^ **TZ& »** -»u '**7 *hins7 like that, TfmUTi.f ''d *be o+n-*, humbly. 'Bat tnsMmi ? bfcnthtpmocntDg^ We .nld hgnJjVsrtoLoohXua. Why did ire stay here, where there is no shelter and no anchorage Do you know what is likely to come after a day like this ?' ' It is your business to be a sailor on board this yacht; it is not ynur business to say where she will go,' said Hsmieh. But all the earns the old man was becoming more and more alarmed at the ugly aspect of thi* dead calm: The very birds, instead of stalking among the still pools, or lying buoyant on the smooth waters, were excitedly calling, and whirring from one point to another. 'If the equinoctials were to begin now,' said Duncan Cameron, ' this Is a fine place to mM-t the rqaiaoctiale ! An open bay, without shelter, and a ground that is no ground for an anchorage. It is not two anchors or twenty anchors would hold in such a ground.' Macleod appeared : the men were suddenly silent. Without a word to either of them — and that wsb not his wont — he passed to the »tem of the yacht. Hamish knew from his manner that he would not be spoken to. He did not follow him, even with all this vague dread on his mind. The day ware on to the afternoon. Tffaoleod who had been pacing np and down the deck, suddenly called Hamish. Hamish came all at once. ' Hamish,** said he, with a strange sort of laugh, 'do you remember this morning, before the light came? Do you remember that I askei yon about a brass-band that X heard playing t' Hamish looked at him and said, with an earnest anxiety : 'Oh, Sir j£aith, yon will pay.no heed to that I It is very common : I have heard them say it is very common. Why, to bear a brass band, to be sure! There is nothing more common than that. And yon will not think yon are unwell merely because you think you can hear a brass-band playing !** ? ' ' I want jou to tell me, Hamish,' said he, in the same jesting way, ' whether my eyes have followed the example of my ears, and are playing trioks. Do you think they are blood shot, with my lying on deck in the ooldf Hamish, what do you see all around tn The old man looked at the sky, and the shore, and the sea. It was a marvellous thing. The world wa* all enshrouded in a salmon colored mist : there was no Mne of horizon visible between the sea and the sky. u It is red, 8ir Keith,' said Hamisb. ' Ah ! Am I in my senses this time P And what do yoa think of a red day, Hamish P That is not a usnssl thing.' « Oh, Sir Kaith.it will be a WM night this night! And we can not stay here, with this bad aneho-agc.' a And where would yoa go, Hamish —in a dead calm ?' Macleod asked, still with a smile on the wan fece. 'Where would I goP' said the old man, excitedly. n I— I wOl fake cam of the yacht But yoa, Sir Keith— oh! yoa— yoa will go ashore now. Do you know, Sir, the shelling that the shepherd had P It is a poor place on yes t hut Duncan Cameron and I ww take wme things ashore. And do you not think we can look after the yacht P She has met the equinoctials before, if it is the equinoctials thai are beginning. She has met them before t and can not she meet them now P Bat you, Sir Keith, yon will go ashore.' Macleod bunt out laughing in an odd sort of fashion. ** Do yon think I am good at running away when there is any kind of danger, Hamish ? Have you got into tie English wayP Wonld yon oall me a coward too P Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense, Hamisl. ! I— why, I am going to drink a glass of the ooal-black wine, and have done with it. I will drink it to the health of my sweetheart, Hamish !' '8ir Keith,' said the old man, beginning to tremble, tboneh he but hajf nndfrstoed ? the meaning of the soornful mirth, M I have lad.' 'Very well.' ' And Lady Macleod will ask of me, ' Such and such a thing happened : what did yoa do for my sonp* Then I will say, 'Tour ladyship, we were afraid of the equinoctials, and we got Sir Keith to go ashore j and the next day we went ashore for him ; and now we have brought him back to Castle Dan !' ' « Hamish, Hamfeh, you are laughing at me! Or you want to call me a coward P Don't yoa know I should be afraid of the ghost of the shepherd who killed himself t Don't yon know that the English people eel! me a coward f' 'May their souls dwell in the downmost hall of perdition!' said Hamish, with hia cheeks becoming a gray-white; 'and every woman that aver came of the accursed race !' He looked at the old man for a second, and he Gripped hie hand: 'Do not say that, Hamish— that is folly. But you have been my friend. My motner will not forgot you — it is not the way of a Macleod to forget — whatever happens to me.' 'Sir Keith!' Hamish cried, «I do not know what you mean. But yoa will go ashore beiove the night P' 'Go whore F' Madesd answered, whb ? return to bis wild, bantering tone, *- when I am going to see my sweetheart P Oh no ! Tell Christina, now. Tell Christina to ask the young English lad- to come into the saloon, -for Ihave something to say to her. BeqnJek, Hamisb !n Hamish went away, and before long he returned with the answer that the young English lady was in the saloon. And now be was .no longer haggard and nitrons, but joyful, sod there was a strange light in his e;e«. . * Sweetheart,' said be, 'awe yon waiting for me at last P I have brought you a long way. Shall we drink a glass now at the end of she voyage?' 'Do you wish to insult mtp' said she; but there was no anger in her voice: there was more of fear in her eyes as she regarded him. ** You have no other meaesge for me than -the -one-yon gave me last nijght; Gerty P' amid be, almost cheerfully. 'It is all over, tbenP You wonld go away from me foreverP But wa wOl drink a glass before we go.' He sprang forward, and caught both her bands in his with the grip of a vise. 41 Do you know what yon hare done G«*yPn said he, m a low voice. ' Oh, yon have soft, smooth, English ways | and yoa are like a rose leaf | and you are like a queen, whom all people are glad to serve. Bat do you know that yoa have lolled a man's KfeP And then is no penalty .for that in the aouth, perhaps i but yoo *m no longer in the sooth. And if yoa baas Ail very night to drink a glass with me, yes will not refuse, iff .It is only a glass of the coal-black wine!' She dbaxeled back from him, for then was a look la his bee that frightened her. Bat she hadV wonderful self-command. 'Is Jhat*he message I was to hear?' said she, cojjllj!. M Wly, sweetheart; are you not glad P Is not tbsjk^he mly gladness Jeft for you and for me, that we should drink one glass together, and clasp hands, and say good-brf What d e is thera left P What else could come to you and ta-me? And it may not be this .might, or to- mosroar night ; but one night I think it wul come £«nd then, sweetheart, we will have 'one more flat* together, before the end.' He .Brest on deek. He called lT»mw*'. n Haajish,' said be, m a grave, iratterof ~faot am-j* J don't like the look of Ails even ine. -IMtin say the ahsiUng was still on the Wsn#F'Tt- 'Oh ye-. Sir Keith,' said Haarish, with greatSoy ; for be thought his advice was going to baSafea after all. ^* 