TALES ma SKITOHEi V J.!. ill -.'ij; i-'" : I ! -Ai .!Ni3;N07Eli,: '7 ;r ! l til! v ;i: --UJ. ::/ .-: '.'Oi'i! .. i;i.' v.- j . BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. j ' AtrihoR ok "Labi Audlbv's Seorei!,"j &<l > &o.; ? b.! <i r, — rrr-b. wenChOUi : .. . OEAPIEB.-IX,— OAI-tain WiNsxAHLBy.r— (COH- . ' XIHUB1M , ' . ' . : .Mrs. Tempest anil her daughter f hat- met the j captain terly in the previous spring among ISwjte! 1 mountains. He knew some of Mra. Tempest's Hamp'sbire , friends and with no other credentials . \- had contrived to win her fnandslrip, Vixen took . it into herjobiitinate young bead to detest him» ' But then, Vixen at seventeen and a balf 'was full . of riiiculous dislikea and irrational, caprices.. Mrs. Tempest, in her lonely and somewhat do-' gregsed condition, ; considered the captain a particularly useful acqumnnce. MieSjMfGroke was dubious, but finding any expression, of hcjr. doubts .ungraciously received, took the safer line,, of silence'., ... ' . . , ... I . The baU in question was a, charity .ball at the ' Pavilion, a perfectly unobjectionable . ball. The , list of patronesses bristled 'with noble names.' There was nothing to be said against Vixen's ap« , pearahce , thoretlot;cept, Mies M'Groke's objection that Squire Tempest's daughter and heiress ought I ., not.to make her de&ut; in society nt any public ball whatever,; Bat Mrs. Tempest had set her ' heart upon Vixen's going to the ball ; or, in other wor<i8,Bhe had .setbor.hoartjUpongoinghersetf. On her .way tbrougli,Paris in September She had gone to Worth's— out of curiosity, just to boo what .the great man's satohs. woro like— and thera she had Men tempted into the purchase oL , An artistic comhihatiou of biack silk and jot, velvet and' passementerie. She did not require the costumev-hub-the thing in itself was so beau- tiful that she coiljdrxtQt help .buying it. And having spent hundred gutneaa.upon this master piece, there tpcose in her mind a natural crgying to exhibit it ; to feel that she was being . pointed out as one of the hest-dresaea women in the crowded room ; to know that women were" whispering to each other significantly, " Worth," a8 the .velvet and silk and passementerie com bihation swept by thorn. There wad a great deal more discussion, and it was ultimately settled that "Vixen should go to the. ball. . She had no pcsitivo objection.:: She would have liked the iilea'of the hall well enough perhaps, if it. had n.ot been for Captain Winston ley. It was; his advocacy, that made the sub ject odious. „. "How very rudely, you behaved to Captain Winstanley, Violet," Baid Mrs. . .Tempest, when her visitor had departed. "Bid I, mamma 2" inquired Vixen, listlessly. "I thought I was extraordinarily civil. If you knew how I should have liked to behave to him yon would think so too," , ' I cannot imagine why you are so pre judiced. against him," pursued Mrs. Tempest fretfully, ! "It is not prejudice, mamma, but instinct, like Argus's. That man ia destined ..to do ns Bome great wrong, if wo do not escape out of his clutches." . It is shameful of you to say such things." criod the widow, pale with anger. " What have you to say against him ? What fault can you find with him ? You cannot deDy that he is" most gentlemanlike.'' . .- VNo, mamma ; he is a little too gentleman- like. , He makes a trade of his gentlemanliness.! He is too highly polished for me;" . PubJishOAby epeoiMbrraBgomciit with the author. AH rights rojcrfOd, . ' fon profer- a- rough' young .'follow, 1 -j '< Roderick Vawdrey, who talks siahg, and'Sttioiis Of the stables,"'- m i ; <. />.«- »''>.««? ' " "I prefor anyone who if god and tiiie,'' r torted Vixfp,: " Roderick wa man, and not tplio named in the same breath with your fine gentle' man.". -- ' - < \- ' ; ok » I admit that the comparison would bo vastly" id his disadvantage," 'said the widow. " But it's: . time to drossfor dinner." : ' ; . "'"And wo aro to dino with the Mortimers," pawned Vixen. " What a bore !" ' This yorang lady had not that natural bent for sooiefy which is symptomatio of her ago. The wound that pierced heir young heart two years ago had hot healed so completely that she could find pleasure in inano convcraation and the fietilious liveliness of a fashionable dinner- - table.- ! " ; - "' OiiAPTBR X.—": IT.-, SHALL BB MEASUREI FOR V. .-Measure-". . ' 'The night of the,ball came, and, infspito of her Aversion for Captain WinBtonley and general . dis like of the whole thing,- Violet '.Tempest began, the evening by opjoying-hersolf. Sho was young, and energetic, and bad an immense reserve of animaljspirits after her two, years of sadness and. mourning; Siio dancod with .the partners her friendB brought her—some of the most eligible inen in the room— and was full of life and gaiety ; yet the festival seemed to herin somewise horrible all tho time. " If papa could know that we are dancing and smiling at each other, as if al$life was made up , of gladness, when he islying in, bis cold grave !" thought Vixen, Rafter joining hands with her mother in the ladies' chain. The widow looked as if sho had never known a ' care. She was' conscious' that .Worth's chef- d' aware wis not thrown away. She saw ; herself ; in the great mirrors which once reflected George and bis< lovely Filzherbert in their days of glad ness— which reflected the same George later, old, and sick, and weary, ' " ThatFronch grande dame waaright," thought.. Mrs. Tempest, " who said, ' lonoirest si flattant pour les blondes.' " Black was flattering for Vixen's rdddy hair also. Though her indifferent eye rarely glanced at the mirrored walls, she had never looked love lier. A tall gracofnl 1 figure, in billowy black tiillo, wreathed withwhite chrysanthemums ; a queenlike hoadj with a rod-gold coronal ; a throat like an ivory pillar, spanned with a broad black iibbon, fastened with a diamond clasp ; diamond starBin her earsand a narrow belt of diamonds, round each white arm, ' < t "; ! " . : . :" How many waltzes have you kept for me , Captain Winstanley asked presently, 'comibg Bp foVixeh.' . « Ihavo notlkcpt 'waltzes for anyone," -sho answered indifferently. "But' surely you were under apromise to kcopjsomo tfor, me 2 I asked . you a week ago" , " Did you 2 I am Bure I never promised any- > thing of tho kind." . " Here is only one little shabby waltz left," -: said the. ; captain, . looking at her. programme.; ,"May I put my name down for that?' . ' " If. you like," answered, Vixen, indifferently'; and then, with the faintest suspicion of malice, added, . " as mamma - does not dance round dances." . -,,i r. :;j . . . . . Sho was standing npfor the Lancers presently, and her partner bad just led her to her mother and Captain Winstanley again for her vis-a-vis. She grew snddonly pale and turned away. , V Will youlot me sit tliisiout 2" she said, " jl feel awfully ill. Her partner was full , of concern, and carried hpr off at once to a cooler room. "It is too bad !" .she ;beuttorad. to herself.' 41 The Lancers ! To go romping ronnd with a lot of wild youug men and women. It is as bad as: the Queen in Hamlet." . This was the last dance before supper. She : went in presently with her attentive partner, who had kept by her, side devotedly while . the lively - scramble to good :old English tunes was: going ;on :in the dancipg-rpom. . , " Are yqn better ?" he asked tenderly, fanning hej with with her :big black fan, : painted with p'ale-grey cupids and 'while ohrysanthomums. "The room is abominably hot;" . "Thanks. I'm quite well now.; It was only a momentary faintness. But I rather; hate the Lancers, don't yon, 2 ' . . ." "Well, I don't know. I think/sometimesrou -know, with a .nice, partner, they're , good fan. Cnly one can't bolp treading on tho jadies' trains, and they wind themselveiJreaRd one's legs like snakes. I' ve aeon felloWs come awf nl croppers, and thrlady who has doneit looks so sweetly un concerned. But, if one tears a lace flounce, you know, they lapk : daggers. It's something too dreadful to feel nneaplf walking into honiton at ten guineas a yard, and the more one tries to extricate oneself the more haxqj one ,.doe9." \- - Vixon'B supper was the merest pretence... Her mother, sat opposite her, with Captain Winstanley still ih : attendance.' Vixen gavo . them one look, and .then sat like an jto of scorn. Her partner conld hot get a wora from her, and when he offered her the fringed end of a cracker bonbon, she positively xofosed to have anything to do with it. "Please don't," she said. "It's too inane. I couldn't possibly pretend to be interested in the motto." . : When' she went back to the ball-room Captain Winstanley followed her and claimed his waltz. The band was just striking up the latest iove-siek German melody, " Weit von dir !" a strain of drawling tenderness. "You had better go and Beeure your supper," said Vixen, 'coldly. "I despise all ball-suppers. This one most particularly, if it were to deprive; me of my waltz." Vixen shrugged her shoulders, and 'submitted to take those few preliminary steps which are like the strong swimmer's shivorings on the bank ere he plunges' in the Btream. And then she was whirling round to the legato strains, " Weit von dir ! Weit von dir I Wo ist mein Leben's Lust ? — Weit von dir — weit von dir Captain Wiustanley'e waltzing was simply per fection. It was not tho Liverpool Lurch; or the Scarborough Scramble, the Bermondsey Bounce, or the Whitecbapei Wogglo ; it was waltzing pure and simple, unaffected, gracoful ; tho waltzing mastery of jhe.arjf gf motion. Vixen, hated tljo -Mi fcho enjoyed tlie walla. 'They danced tilljhe last bar died away in a tender dimin- 'uchdo. '. ' ' ;" Ypu Iook pale." said the captain, " let us go t6 -:.tha -garden.'' He bronght hor -cloiik and rapped it round her, and Bho took his offered arm' tfithoUt.a'Word;' It was one of those rare ,mghtSjjn.late October, when the wind is net cold.. Theravwhs hardly tho flutter of a leaf in tb'oi Pav ilion garden, ' The 'neighboring sea made tho gentlest music—a melancholy ebb and flow of :souhtl, like tho murmuring of somo great impris oned spirit, In tho searching light of day, when its adjacent cab-stands and commonnesses aro visible, and its -gravelled walks aro peopled with nursemaids and email children, the Pavilion garden can hardly bo called romantic But by this" tender moonlight, in this cool stillness of a placid autumn midnight, oven tho Pavilion had its air of romance and mystory. The various roofs and chimnoya stood up against tho sky, picturesque as a city of old time. And, after all, this part of Brighton has a peculiar charm which all tho rest of Brighton Jacks. It speaks of tho past, it tolls its story of tho'dead. They were not great or heroio, perhaps, those -doparted figures, whoso ghosts haunt us in the red and yellow rooms, and in the stiff town garden; 'but thoy had their histories. They lived, and loved, and suffered; and, being dead so long, como;back.toii8 in the softened light of vanished days, and tako hold of our fancy with quaint garments and antique head-gear, their powder, and court- swords, and diamond shoo- bnckles, and liltlo lovos and little sorrows. Vixen walked Blowly along tho Bhining gravel- path, with her black and gold mantle folded round her, looking altogether statuesque and unap proachable. They took one tttrn in absolute silence, and then Captain Winstanloy, who was hot inclined to beat abodt tile hush when ho had something particular to say, and a good oppor tunity for saying it, broke the spell. This was perhapsjthe first time, in an acquain tance of 'more than six moaths, that he had ever found himself alono with Violet Tempest, without hazard of immodiato interruption. < " Miss Tempest,'" he began, with a firmness of tone that startled hor,' "I want to know vvhy you are bo unkind.to mo 2" i " Icfaardly know what you mean bynnluudnose. I hope J neversaid anythingnncivil?" ' | , " No ; but yon have let mesoe very plain! jr that yon dislike me." ' J ' , -1 km sorry nature1 has given irie an unpleas antly candid 'disposition," . o; : : Those keen grey eyes of the' captain's were watching her intently. An angry look shot at her from nnder the straight' dork brows— BWif t . as , an( arrow; ' ' " Y6u admit then that you 'Jo not 'Mb 'rno ?'. be said. ' ' ! Vixen jtaused bofore replying';'1 'The 'position was embarrassing. ' " ' .. : " T sappbse if I were ladylike and - proper, I, should protesf thfi!t I like you Immensely ; that there is no one ih the Worlci, my: mdther excepted, ', 'whom I like b'ottor. But! hover waa,particular)y .proper o? politp, Captain WinsUhlOy, and I must confess that' tho'ro are very 'few people' I do like, ' and — ' ' ' ; <'' ; . " And 1 ampet ono of them','' said the eapVaih,. " You have finished my sentence for me'. ' " That is hard upon me— no, Violet;, you. can nevor know how hard. Why should you dis like me? You are thie first woman whoever fold me so" .(flashing with ah indignant re'coiloc- tion 'of all his victories'). '"I have done nothing to offond yo,u. I have not boen' obtrusive. I have worshipped you at a distance —but the Persian's homage of the sun is not more reverent " " Ob) pray don't talk abont.lho Persians and the sun," cried Violet. V I am not worthy that you shonld bo so. concorped ahont my likes and dis- ' likes. Please think of me as an nntaught, inex perienced girl., lwo years ago I was a spoiled. . child. Yqa dpn'tJinor how my dearest, ftfCher spoiled me. It 1b po :woner I am Bemem ber this, and forgive me if I aov too trnthfnl." "You aro all that is lonely," ho exclaimed passionately,, stung by iler scorn and fired by hbr beauty, almost beside kimaalf as they stood there in the magical mgeslight— for onco in hls lifo for- get tog. to calculate cvory movo on life's chess- . boSfqbeforehand, "You are too lovoly for me. From the, very first in Switzerland# whenlwaB so happy— — no, I will not toll yen. - 1 will. lay , down my heart to be trampled under your feet." . '' Don't," cried " Vixen, transfixing him with the angry fire of her eyes, " for I'm afraid I should trample on it. I am not ono of those gontlo. creatures who go out of their way to avoid tread-, ing on worms— if .other reptiles." "Yon are as-crnel as yon ;ate lovely," ho said, "and your cruelty is sweeter, than another woman's kindness. Violof, A laugh at your dis like. Yes, such aversion; as that.ia often tho . beginning of closest liking, I will not bo dishoart- oned. I will not bo put off: by your scornful candor. What if 1 were to tell ydu that yon aro t£e only woinan I ever loved?!' , ' " Pray do not. ; It would transform passive dis- ,likeiqto active hatred, : I should be sorry for that, becapse," looking at him deliberately, with a slow.scom, " I think mamma likes you." "She has Honored me with hor confidence, and 1- hope I shall pot prove unworthy of the trust ; I rarely fail to xppay any benefit that is bestowed upon me." "October nights are treacherous," said Vixen, drawing her eloak closer round her. "I think we had better go back to the ball-room." She was shivering a little with agitated feeling, in spite of that mantlo of scorn in which she had wrapped herself. This was tho first man who had ever called her lovely, who had. evor talked to her of love with manhood's strong passion,. Tho csptain gave her his arm, and thoy went back to the light and heat of tho yollow dragons and scarlet griffins. Another Lancer scramble was infoll progress, to the old-fashioned jigging tones, but Mrs. Tempest was sitting among the matrons in a corner by an open window. " Are we ever going bome anymore, mamma?" ;nqnired Vixen. " My dear Violet, I have been waiting tor you ever so long;" . ? " Why should- you leave so early?" exclaimod Captain WinBtonley, "There ore half-a-dozen more dances'anJyouuroongagedfortheniall.ibeJlevej Mias '.fempest." '/'v.-, ! -'"Thin I will show metcy ito/my parinem. by going away," said Vioiot. ' 'f'Aro ail ballAaAtchg "as this ? Wd soom to have been herd ages ; I expect to find my hair grey to-morxow moraf ing." 1 ' " I really think we bad bettor go," said .MwJ Tdmpost, in her undecided way. « She was a porson who never, quite mado up hei mind abont anything, bnt balanced every qties tion gontly, lotting somebody else turn tho scald for -her— her maid, hor governess, hor daughter I she was always trying to have her own Way; bn never quite knew what hor own way wasj'ind'just managed things skilf tilly anongh to prevent-other people' having thoirs. "If yon are doterminod, I willsoo yoii'lo your carriage; and then the ball is over for me," kaid tho captain gallantly - He oflored Mrs. Tempest his arm, ' and ihoy worit out into tho vestibule, wlioro thd captaiq. loft them for a few miuutes while ho weUV ipto tbo porch to haston tho arrival of the carriage, " Whoro wero y«u and Captain Winstinley aD that time, Violet 2"asked Mrs. Tempekt, J "In the garden." " How imprudont !" ! t. "Indeed, dear mamma, it wasn't cold,"'- '' > " But you wero out there so long. What dbUld you find to talk abont all that timo?" "Wo wore not talking all tho' time,' oniy ohjoy- ing £Ee cool air and tbo moohlight." , " Mrs. Tempost'a carriage 1" roared otfO of "the doof-kcopora, as if it hatl beon hia doing'-t'hRt'ihe carriage had appoarod. so quiokly, - 11 ;!- Captain Winstanloy was ready to hand 'tjiVm to their broogliam, ' - - . .i " Como and tako a cup of tea f-fco-mcrrow aftornoon, and let us talk- over rthe "batt," said tho widow. ' . ' , " With infinite pleasure.";1 " yM'J ' " Shall wo drop you atyhdr h'oUsq ' " A thousand thankB— hb— my lod$ngii ire so close, I'll walk home." " Ho wont back for his ' bverooat, and tHei walkod slowly away, without another glaiico' at' the crowded ball-room, or tho corridors''. yrhbre ladies who woro waiting for' their carriagba 'wero contriving to improve the time by a good deal of quiet, or noisy, flirtation. . His lodgings worn' on I ho Old S teine, closo by. But bo did not go , homo immediately. Thore are times in a man's life when four, walls aro too small to hold the bigness of his thoughts. Captain Winstanley pacod tho Marino Parado for half-Oahonr or so boforoho went homo. - - " Va pour la taoro," ho said to himself, at the closo of that half-hour's moditations ; "sho i< really very nice, and tho position altogether ad vantagoons, perhaps as. mnch as ono has tb< .right to .oxpoot in tlie general "decadence ol things But, good heavens,. howlovoly' thfit jgirl is ! Sho is the first woman who over looked -ma in tho face and tolU rao sho disliked me ; tHo first .woman ;who over gave me contemptuous'; jfibka and scornful words. And yet -rrf or that ;.yor y reason perhapB— I- — Tho dark brows contracted over "the. kqeqyes, which seemed closer than usual. tpjlbj'wk' noae- ;:TJo ; . ''Look to yourself, njy qqeqn, . in , ,th.o .titap. to . como," ho said, -as ho ttirnod, his back.iph the silvory soa and moonlight sky.'! Yon kayo been hard to mo and I will bo Hard1 to, you. It sall ' be measure for measure."! i . . . ' j': ti'i.'oj;' j Cjlaeter XI.— "I HAVE No . Wrong, ;WiaBfl> I Can Claim No-Rioht.!? i-,, Going homo again. That was hard to- bear. It reopened all the old wounds, Vioiot Tempest felt as if her heart must really break, as . at this now grief were sharper than tho old ono," when tho carriage drove in through tho familiar1 gates', in tbe December dusk, and along the binding sbrabboried road, and up to tbo Tndor porch, where tho lion of the Tempests stood, passant regardant, with lifted paw and backward gazo, above the stone shield, Tho ruddy firelight -was shining across tho wido doorway. Thp ibid hearth lookod as cheerf nl as of old. And jthbr stood tho empty, chair boside it. That had bton Vixen's particular wish, . - Let nothing be distnrbed, dear iqamtoa," sh( bad said ever so many times, when her <mofhoz was writing her orders to the honseheepprr " Beg thorn to keop everything jost as it was Is- papa's time." ' ' 1 " My dear, it will only make you ;grieyfl ' more." " Yes ; but I had rather grieve' for him rthan forget him. I am moro afraid of forgetting: :him than of grieving toa much for him," -VixoD. - And|now, as sho stood on the hearth after her ' journey, wrapped in black furs, a little blaok-fnr toque crowning her ruddy gold hair, fancy filled' the empty ohalr as she gazed , at it. Yes, shf- coald see hor father sitting thero in his Lflnting- clothes, his whip across his knee. The old pointer, the squire's favorito, >catat whining to her foot. How old he looked' ! -301(1, and broken, and infirm, as if from mucb,: sorrow. , " Poor Nip ! poor Nip t" she Eaid, pattin'g hlm? -' " The joy of your life went with papa, didn'l it ?" " It's all vory sad," murmured Mrs, Tenjest loosing her wraps. "A sad, sad, home-coming. And it seems only yesterday that 1 came 'here as a bride. Did I ever tell you about my 'ttftvel ling-dress, Violet 2 It was a sHot-silk— thojr were' fashionable then, yon know— bronzo and blue- tho lovolioat colors ! " ' " I can't imagine a shot- silk being anytbing' but detestable," said Vixen curtly. "'Poor Nip I' How faithful dogs are,! The dear thing is aetu1 ally crying ! " ! Tears wore indeed running from tho poor -old' eyes, as the pointer's head lay in Vixon's lap,' as if memory, kindled by her image, brought back' the past too keenly for tbat honest canine- heart, " It is very moarnfal," said Mrs. Tempest.' " Pauline, let us have a cup of tea." : She sank into an armchair opposito ' the fireu Not the sqniro's old carved oak-chair, witb' its tawr.y leather cushions. That must "' needs ' be sacred evermore— a memonto of tbo 'dekd, standing beside tho hearth. / , . ; "Twondorif anyone is ialivo that wo knew pbmaatiiiwi i „ -I . V" o r here,'' said Vixen, lying back in ber low chair, indidly caressing toe dogs. "My dear Violet, why should people bo dead ?- ' "S7e . hit ve only bebri away ttvo y oars." ":Np ; but it seems bo long. I bardly expect fto see any of tbe old faces. He is not hero," tnih a sudden choking sob. " Why should all ibe left — except him?" > " The workings of Providence are full of jbystery," sighed tho widow. "'Dear Edward ! Bbw handsome Ho looked that day ho brought. me liomo. . And he was a noble-looking man to the last. Not morq than two spoonfuls of pekoe, Paulino. You ought to know how I like it by this. time." . Thin to tlin handmaiden, who was making tea fet the gipsy-table in front of the fire — tho table <&t; whioh Vixen and Rorio bad drunk, tea so ftnerriiy on that young man's birthday. After tea they wont the round of tho home. . How. familiar, how doar, how strange, how sad AH' things looked 1 Tbo faithful servants had l&ono; their duty. Everything was in its place. HUhe last room they entered was tbo squiro's \- <tttudy. Horo wero all his favorite books. Tho Importing Magazine from Bts commencement,- in %rimson morocco. Nimrod and tho Druid. &esheton; Smith's Memoirs, and many others of ftitie samo class. Books on farming and farriery, 3>a dogs aud guns, Here were the .squire's guns &&d; whips, a motley collection, all neatly arranged fby his own hands. Tho servants bad done .Siothing but keep thorn f roe from dust, There, ;<wy the low and cosy fireplace, with its tiled Aoarth, stood the capacious crimson morocco " .fehair in which the moster of the Abbey Houso &ad;'boen wont to sit when behold audience with vjhis kennel-huntsman, or gamekeeper, his farm- bailiff, or stud-groom. " Mam ina, I should like you to lock the door of #his'raoai and keep the key, so that no one may AVer come here," said Vixen. " My- dear, that is just the way to prolong your. . ,&riof; ; but I will do it if you like." " Do, doar mamma. Or, if you ' will let mo fteeop the key, I will come in and dust the room Bvery day. It . would be a pleasure for me, a toournful one, perhaps, but still a pleasure." Mrs. Tempost - made no objection, and when thoy left tbo room Vixen locked tho door and put the Koy in his pocket. 