TolograpMo Xntdllige&oe.; CQLONiAL,. From our own. OorreSfondent. ... !j:;_ MACKAY...;:' ' Wednesday. Mr. , Clarke's . critter " Agnos " won tho oup at the Bailing matoh, during ther regatta hold 'yostQdy%..', Mr.; Clarke, also.. won, ,thp prise at thri sailing raco Inst' Saturday against four.boatsiij jo„ iit,. The Hon. C. H. Busncott, who -loft on Mon day evening 'for tHo north; eXptesScd himself ob surprized at tho local progress mado horo. , Tho members of tho local Council inter viewed bhu, but the result was so disappoint ing that at a public mooting it was docided to ask tho - Government Engineer to 1 dpviso his own schemri of harbor improvements without local 'ridvioo. Tho Rosidorits on tho Pioneor havo resolved to.potition'for throe siibdivieions,: north, south andioutsido. ' ' 'The Government decline to carry out tho tramway and Harbor scbomo, .owing to tho existonce. of a division in local opinion upon the matter. Port Curtis and Lbiohhardt District Hospital. — Tho .usual monthly meeting of tho comniittoe rif the abrivo'institution'will bo held at the Court Houso this afternoon, at four o'clock- .. . . , , .. Steam Feery, — Our country and town readers will see by .advertisement that tho stoam punt will be laid up for repairs from this Friday, until Tuesday morning next, and that tho old paddlo.punt will, during tho interval, fake its place. , Queensland Handbook.— Tho Docembor number of that very nsoful monthly publica tion, the " Queensland Handbook," issued: by Mr. D. Mc'Kolliiin, jun., publisher, Queen street, Brisbario, is to hand. It oontainB, tho usual amount of information: upon almost every topic, and is invnlnablo. not only .to Qu'oonlandors, but to travellers and residents, in tbo siBter colonics. It is, in fact, what it protends to be, a " passengers guide" arid " Handbook," and should bo found in ovcry office and'hoWiri tho AuBtraliris. Theatre Royal. — Tho public will not fail, wo are sujzo, to call to mind that tho mombcrs of tjie, Rookhampton Society- make thoir. first/, bpiys this ovpning, and that tho prbflts arising from the., entertainment, will bo" Handed over to the 'couhnltteb -of "tho Bonevolent' Society. Wo understand that great' efforts: 'liavo boou mado by tho Ainatours to pro'duco tho " Man in tlio Iron Mask" in nn'efHciont manner, and it is to be hoped thut, for their sakes, as well as for tlio sako of our invaluable eliaritablo institution, every seat in tho houso will bo filled. Police Court. — At tho Polico Court yos terday, before tho Police Magistrate, C. M. Fitzgerald for drunkenness, was finod 10s. with tho alternative of twenty-four hours imprisonmont. A South. Sea Islander nainod Tommy, alias Joejsucd Sam Sing, a chinaman for having assaulted him on Saturday last. ..Mr, Milford appeared on behalf' of the com plainant, and Mr. Lyons for tho dofondant. Tho evidoneo of tlio apprehending constable was taken, and also that of Mr. W. Gregory, a duly qualified' medical pratictionor, which was to tho effect that lie had examined sovoral wounds uponlho porson of tho complainant. , At (his stagopf tho proceedings tho accused wiut raiuitmiod until Tuooil.,y next, lie vn< admitted to bail upon his own recognisance of JB15. A 'eross'aummons— Tommy alias Joo v. Sam Sing, for assault — was also adjourned until Tuosday. . Proposed Meat-preserving Co.— An ad journed meeting of, the committee of the above1 company was hold at tho offices of , Juessrj. JBrowu and Rision, yesterday after noon, 'James Thomson, Esq., in tho chair. The business was of an unimportant charac ter. A letter was read from Mr. A Bertram drawing 'particular attention to Messrs. Bell aud Colomari's process, and stating that he had rccominondcd to Messrs. Whitehead and Co. tho advisability of adopting it iu con junction with, theirs, and pointing out that ho hod mentioned it ns a loading feature in tho circular which, accompanied the letter. Soino conversation then followed as to tho probability that soino error hud crept in with regard to a circular which had come to hand souio tiiuo 'iiince. Mr. Fox inovod, and Mr. Liveruioro-8cBondod, that a telegram bo: sont to Mr. Bortraili requesting /him to-oxplain tlio apparent' error. Carried. Tho meeting thon adjourned. Messrs. Whitehead and Co. Process. — While wo quite acknowledge tho advisability of incorporating Boll and Coleman's process with that of Messrs..- Whitehead's, so that tlio company would ho ablo to continue operations at' all seasons of, the year, and which, if done, would no doubt! havo the effect of inoreasing greatly the confidence of pastoral tenants and others interested; still wo cannot allow that there is tho slightest doubt about tho valuo of MosBrs. Wliitliead & Co.'s process, or that tho scheme lis original ly proposed would , answer every require ment, at any rate so far us Coutral Queens land is concerned. There is always an enormous and continued demand for first- olass prosorved . meat, entirely apart from that of fresh moat, and in our opinion, if tho company could .keep up a constant supply of goods of tlio same character which it lias hitherto , .furnished, . tlio herds of Central Queensland would be ltopt down, to such a level as to enable the producer to command a remunerative price, without furnishing local coiiBqihors. ' Wo are ntrongly in favour of a steady drain, lis wo aro certain it .would result iu being more advantageous to nil pnrtios than occasional spasmodic and rapidly exhausting demands. Tho compmny, wo are happy to pay, stands ovcry chance of being started soon, and on a sound baisis. Mossrs. Whitehead have showed ovory desire to coino to terms favourable to tho eoloniee ; whjlo it ' cannot bo overlooked tliu't tbo onorgy and ability displayed by Mr Bortram, who has by "degrees mot ovory objection,, and swept away almost every impediment, hns- lmd a vast .offoct in bringing affairs to thoir prosont gratifying appearance. Inquiry.— An inquiry was hold yostorday afternoon Into tho cause of tho death of Patrick Harilcm who was accidentally poisoripql on Saturday 1 last; aud tho particulars olf, which appeared in onr Monday's issue. Dr. Cailagiian, Mrs. Hanlon, John Hanlon (son rif deceased), and Sonior-Sergeant Moldruni wore examined; and their ovideuco went to show that Hanlon was suffering from fever and aguo; and that his wifo called upon Dr. Cftllagluvn, who gavo lior a recipe for hor husband, und at the saiuo time ono for her- self, a mixture, to bo applied outwardly. Tho ohomist took every,, precaution and not, only wroto , " polirin " on tho. linamont . bottlep'bnF'.ilecod; ; a vrpd' label"on'3 it is<|; as to /ayoQ' all ptebabiliries .iuistiwe nrising,: Tho deceased, :hriforo ' daylight .ori tho day'of His doriV was? suffering greatly, and asked his twifo for his medioino. Sho got ont of bed, arid in her hurry, and not being able'to distlngnlflh'the bottles," which'iwore 6f tlio same .size and shapo, she inadvortontly gavo hiul the' 'linamont, which he drank. , heq she had .disco vorqd.. what sho had, dono bIio sont for hor. son, wlio had gone. to his work j'lidworit; for'Dfi Callaghan. Every offort was made to restore tho nnfortunato man, but without effocti Tho depositions will be sent as ubuoI to Brisbane. ' . Our Mayor.— His "VVorqliip tho Mayor, Mr. Albreciit Fooz, left' Rookhampton yostorday by the Bunyip and proceeds by the Victoria, to' Sydnoy 'arid Melbourne, for 'a few? lyeoks holiday, whioh nri man desorves better, and -which,-' we hope; He' will thoroughly enjoy, and return to ub invigorated both in mind and body., Wo prosiuno ho will mako inquiries into tho manner : in- which civic affairs aro managed in tho cities of the south; but wo- 1 are- nndor tho impression' ho will.'flrid thoy are not better; or not so woll conducted as tlidy aro in, Roekhampton. . . Flinder's Pasbaoe, — Tho barque Andes, from Liverpool to Townsvillo, passed through Flinder'b Passage. It is a groat pity that ' Captain Bodwoll was not allowed to thorough ly survey and beacon . this passage before re- turning tot-England. It is-said to bo danger ous, but largo vessels maniigo to got through it without' coming toliarm. Consideriilg how few openings thcro are in the - Great Barrier, all those that aro known should , bo mado availablo. In the event Of shipping cattlo by sailing vessels from tliis pprt to New Caledonia. Flindors Passage would, owing to the prevailing winds, be of'iminonso'Bervicc. We have already alluded to this subject more fhan oni»o.— P. I). Time. Townsvillb Jetty.— In crimplinnco with Government instructions Mr. NiBbett has inspected, tlio, jotty; .that, is. to say, lie has looked at it again, for lis ho knows, o'xactly what is the matter with it, a closo inspection was unnecessary. As ho has only JE1500 in hand ho tliinkB it would bo folly to spend that in patching. Tho X 10,000 will not be available till tho loiin is successfully floated. Till that time, therefore, nothing can bo done. It is Mr. Nisbott's intention to station a. man, hero to look after .tbo structure ,and do -what' ho can to keep- it together. There is not a ghost of- a- plan -in existenco for tho contemplated " repairs" -when tlio, ill, 500 is availablo, Nothing lias boon decided upon, and it is probable that that will be tlio case long after tho money difficulty is' got over. If the Department of Publie Works had not been situated so far away from the major portion of tho colony ; if in fact it had booh in a control position, such a work as the Bowon jetty would have boon better enred for, and tbo outlay now ' rendered ' necessary by tho neglect of that Department, and also of tho Department of tho Colonial. Treasurer, wlio " b0B30s " harbours and rivers, would not havo been needed. Neither would it have boon if wo had a Northern Government. — 1 . 11. Times. Important to Cedar Getters. — A BriR- bano telegram dated tho 19th of November states (says the Port Douglas Qaeetto ) that tlio Ministry have decided to issue regulations forbidding tho foiling of cedar' trees, of loss girth than soveri (7)'foot six (C)' inches, at tho height of six foot from tho ground. Hud suoh a resolution boon put iu forco ton or twenty years ago, it would havo prevented the dc- -..,1 .... 1.1 ,, jtAiina Fimlioi which has been sacrificed m ovory forest iu tho colony, in dofiance of all regulations, for tho purposo of wedging tho larger logs in ship's holds.. This is all very true; bat, if our rangers porform their duties in tlie.samo slovonly and careless' wanner as they havo hithorto dono, tho decision arrived iit by tho ministry win oe woruuess. — lev. jy. A. J Libf.l.— Judging by the following extract from our Hodgkiuson' ooutomporovy, Mr. J. Hamilton, M.L.A. for Qyiupio intends pull ing the News over the couIb for something it has published against tlio character of the hon. gentlouian : — Tho editor of this journal' wns on Monday morning last served with a- writ, at tlio instance of' Mr.: J. Hamilton, for .21000, and £i 4s,. costs (damages for alleged liliol.) As neither tlio ' libellous matter or tbo date on which it was. published has boon made known to us we remain - in .happy icnoranco as to what constituted the n.llnmvl offence. — Towers Herald, . j ' ' Bishop Stanton.— Tho Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, Lord Bishop of Northern Queens land, will prpacli.the sermon ajb-the overiing soi'vico . at St. JtLuum - Churah. on- .Sunday.' evening next, the 7th instant. It -is his lordship's intention to proceed to Sydnoy by tho mail steamer, which leaves hero on Monday next, in order to. assist at tho Ordinations about to tnko pl'aco in ' St.. Andrew's Cathedral in that city, and also to enable him to confer with tho Metropolitan (Bishop Barker), as to tlio! organization and future management of this Northern Diocese. The Resignation of Mr. Berry.— Our (Miner) correspondent. at Sniythsdalo writes : — " A good many politicians liavo anticipated the announcement of tlio resignation of Mr.- Berry frqm the Ministry— but no doubc tlio , wish was fatlior to tho tliought — after the decision of tho jury in tho caso of tho Daily Telegraph.. Tho alloged ground is tliat ho, 'the Promior of "Victoria, hail 'boon found guilty by a jury of twolvo good men and trno as boing a common slandoror, anil therefore tho holding of offico under tho circumstances yrould bo q general reflection on tbo colony. Winers ugain suggest rnat a subscription should bo got up for tho Premier to roliovo him of tho heavy costs, whilst tho opposite sido contend that I10 could fall back on tho unoxpended .21060 of tho embassy voto which ho holds in trust, and ovor which noitlier Parliament nor the adult commissioners havo tiny control, and this amount would about jnoot tho verdict and costs. Fat Bullocks.— Mr. Doonan,.'of Sandy Crook, writes to say that six months ngb I10 purchased a draft of fat bullocks from Mr. Kilgour's station. Ono of the1 animals was a regular monster, and liad boon allowed to run about since tlion. Tlio . other day, ho nuistorcd all tho white and black hands within roach, and hod tliri bullock shot,' bled, and cleanod. There was much speculation as to tho Weicrllt. which amounted to 1557 ltis.— P. D. Telcgi-am. The Boiling Down Company. — Mr. Biu-ub, of tho firm of Burns & Twigg, ,of Rookliamji-- ton, duly arrived by the stonmor " Egmont" on Wednesday last, and early on Friday morning, ip company -with some of tho direc tors of tho North Queensland Boiling Down and Moat Preserving Company, he visited tho proposod sito near Alligator Crook, which has beon soleotod by tlio directors for tbo purposo of orocting tlie company's establishment, in order that ho ' might obtain soino idea of tho situation of tho placo, previous'to preparing estimates of tho cost of tho buildings and uiacbirinrr which tlia comnnnr will rnn ill I'n ooinmonco' tlioir works with,— Northern JSlandvrd. Saltino Beef. — Mr. Argylo M'Callmu,- follows to tho Town and Country,:— Sir, Knowing you tako a groat interest up pubfoi;al matters, I ask space in your piiper.to luakb public an onsy inodo of salting ; hoof t— Cut-np tho beef in pioccs ab'out blti or 711i . weight, put a layor of beef in . tho cask, and sprinklo'salt ovor it, then another layor aud more salt, and so on, until tho cask is nearly lull; thon fasten the coyor on tightly, and roll fciiokwardB and forwards along tho ground from five to ton minutes, and tho beef will bo thoroughly salted. Iu hot weather it is as yvgll .to tako fcfio .beef. out in a couple of hours ;. throw away tho pickle that is in tlio cask, and sprinkle a little . fresh salt ori whon re packing! It is a woll known fact that a grant many men cannot handlo, bcof without tainting it, and this plan doCs away with all-' hand-rubbing. -It would be a great , deal easior if tho cask was slung - (liko ono of tho revolving barrel churns) with on/uxlo in 'each rind turned with an handlo ; any handy man could fix it.- For axles, take two /polopins ; put .them. through a strong piece of wood'; nnd. then scvaw thom 011 the ends of thu caslc ; tho hole in tho side could bo scoured with an iron Btrap arid two staples. I wish somo of your reodors would try this plan, and lot yo.i know the result,. ;for. it will bo a fine tiling if ovor wo have to send salt beef home. Every occasion on which'I triod it ifc was successful. Upsetting of A Mail Coach.— A shock- in'g coach accidoiib occurred near Bcatty's Inn, GreBford, on Tuesday aftornoon, which resulted in tho death of Miss Mary Holdon. \- It appoars tlio coach , drawn by four liorsqs, loft Grosford at midday, driven by Mr. Janics Wolls. Mr. G. M. Holden, solicitor, of Sydney, oconpied the box seat noar tho drivor. A . little beyond Boatty, on ' tho uiOSlOrtt S1QQ| IS II BDCtip Qui) (Hi >ufU uOuCOUl of wliioli tlio rood curvcB, "VVhori tho coach was coming down ovor the top of tho hill the drivor foil off tho box, supposed frour weak ness, as he hail only just left a sick bed. Tho horses boing relirived of all check, set off at a gallop down the bill and brought the coach into a gutter at the foot, wnoro it capsized. Tho front wheels hero' parted 'company with tho body ot tlio coacli, and the horses galloped on, tearing tho droiulful wreck behind.' Miss Ilolden had her log so soveroly crushed thut . amputation was dcdiued necessary, and doctor's Marson, Blackwcll, and Purk porfoi-med tho opqration. 'The shook of tho accidont and the, operation proved too much' for hor .system, and she died 10 or 15 minutes afterwards. Mr. Holdon had ono small boue of his foot brokon., Mrs Holdon wns much shaken and hruisod. Tho nursemaid sustained a vory- oxtonsivo wound on lier forehead,: and ono hand wns also much bruised, . Miss Juno Holdon reeeivbd au oxtonsivo cut on the. back of her luind, nnd wns cut. over tho eye. Miss Lindotuan and Miss Gluuniu vocoived 1 sovcre contusions aud bruisos. Tho drivor wnB much ' shaken and 'bi'iiisod.' . riud, is confined to his bed. Mr. Coroner Ponrse hold an inquest on tho body of Miss Holdon, yesterday, , at Grosford. The verdict re turned was that the doceiisod, Miiry' Holden, came to. her death through tho overturning of tlio coach,, which .was purely the result of an accidont, ami no blame is attached to tlio; drivor.! — Town and Country. , .A really droll occurrence, .took pliice at Gusteiu duriiig tho German Emperor's stay there. A conjuror was performing' at Court; when, coming to a trick for which a hand-' kerchief was indispensable, tho, pure- minded individual wont on with liis customary routino of saying, ' I should require a hand kerchief now, i/ anybody here happens to have a clean one-,' at which the Kaiser could, not help lau'diing ' heartily, and' every,;' 0110 followed Tils oxainplo. Tlio required hand kerchief was readily found. , . 