LOQJG CONCEALED. CHAPTER XVI. IN the ill-favoured house down at WVapping, in a miserable garret, a withered-looking wonisin; stupefied with liquor, is lying upon the ground in a stertorous sleep, her head just raised by a bundle of rags that has been hastily thrust beneaith it. Descending the stairs, chuckling to himself, is grisly old Jack Bilge. " Who would ha' thought it ? " lie mut tered. " Well, this is a discovery; and one worth summat too I You give me fifty pounds a year Miss Deerbrook, do you ? You shall give ume double that-treble that now,.or I'll peach. I'll go down and make a night of it with Peter Winch on the strength of it." When he issued from the house there was a thick fog without; his gait was some what unsteady, for lie also had been drink iug deeply. Down the dimly-lit street lie staggered, nmuttering and chuclding to him self, not heeding in his delight the direction lie was taking. Every moment the fog grow denser; it clung to his hair, and settled upon his face in drops of moisture; it chilled the very marrow in his bones. He paused. "Where the deuce hlave I gotto?." he muttered. lie looked round; there .weire no lamps, and lie could no more penetrate that vaporous darlkness for three feet beyond him than if his face had beeon enveloped' in the folds of an opaque veil. Not a.living creatuie was near. lie shouted, but no. voice replied. The silence was as intense as the darkness. The hiorrible stillness and blinding mist tekrrifies him and sobers him. Where can hehave got to ? Better endeavour to re trace hissteps. 'lie tunis round and walks ealitiisily backl in the direction from which, as it seems to him, lie came. But the darkness grows blacker and the air damper and colder, and there is a smell in it that tells of near the river. His terror increases; a single falso step may plunge him ito:the6 gulf 6f soime blrack,slimiy Idk, from whlicli escape son such a riight wvdoild be imlj'SsiJ"le . Again 11o pauses; and again h- shouts This time at distant voice answers his "halloo I " Forgetting; his caution ,in. his; delight at once more hearing a human voice he presses eagerly 'foirwuid. A ?lfiddcii lurch. His foot is caught in a groat clhain-cablo that stretches across the psthway. He falls. His head strikes againist ai iron balk ; then hlie rolls forward. There is a splash-a gurgling sound-then all is silent again. Where is the secret now that lie stole from the poor drunken wrdtch who is sleeping in her 'gi;'rot: yonder ? Safe, stifled in the siut and slush beneath the black waters of thQ Thames. .. Qut of the houseo that had sheltered him -tlint' h'ad been a haven of rest to him, in which ,he :had spent soo many happy hours ?awiay frbom love, ifroi hope, from all, fled tlid iretehdd h'ero of our tale. On through .tho.,orovded thoroughfares, looking neither to the right nor to the left, knowing iot, caring not whither lie was going-onwards he rushed as though par. sueda'ly thb ' u!i'uries. f'assas,eiby stopped' in the streets to stare after him; others shrank timidly out of his path, thinling that hlie was mad. But he Ihelb6d tlioii h6t--saw-them not. :' n.w?irds lie 'vontuntil lie left the crowded streeots anudthen, the paved thoroughfares behind him; tbud the lamps were feow and fii;lbeotwden', and: the air was heavy with the atiinnnal, odourS of decaying leaves, and the groundl benatli liis fe'ot was soft'earth. ,Around , himn.also the fog gathered its folds, but it could not cool the fever of his blood;h OOn, on, through the mist and the darsime s, tho demon of despair dragging himi: thie flire i his brain transfused into his limbs a vitality more than mortal. But, it must burn out the brain at last. AM I seer flakes of flame are flashing before liih" o'eo :and' gibbe 'ing fiends are, dancing i the ilight Now theo fire has reached his thliroat.;.,O,. for a ,draught of water to ex tinguish "it I ' .. . See, there is Blanchoe-she beckons him towail;'ls lieb.i How, pale' shel looks; and whim t is that long, loose white robe she woeas ' ;i fi a wi'idi'ig-sheet I She is deead I At he'lr feet .there is a black hole it is an open gravoe I . Ah, yes, there-thoro we~ owill" cas t ourselves together, Theoro, thero is peace--tlhei at least we may be iusited . S.'iirus; , to cblasp, hor to his hoart, but she fades from his arms like a shadow. The giound sinks beneath'his feot-down, down lie do' I'' Willlio h over reachl the bottom ?' DjVow i,down? down i This, tIlen must be th~olilottomloss pitl. Down, down, down, lie lhns boon descending for Ihours, dlays, wuoekis; m'aoithls, .ydars I Will ho be thus desdcending for over? Is this atoernity ? i":r;·'u' " OAPTER XV, A'lBI't grI, chingo lias como over Blakely Iall sinos the time when Charley and Bilgo made their burglarious oietrance into its lrescincts. ' ihe ironi gate its no longer eaton with ,ust, but well presoerved by thick coatings of paint; tlhe lodge is much the same as tlhln, trim, neat, asnd roso-coverod; but dioitli has tslken to his arms the sour old potrescs who sp .o'ignomiuiously expelled our two adventurers. As we pass through tile gateway a strong tdilor 'of tobalico waftod through the opnl door mingle.4 with the scent of the roses, and we catch a glimpse of a heavy- lolking enormously stout man seated in a large irmchlsir, puffing 'at lis pipo, ' whilo a wesazened-facod, red-noiesod little woman, her wanzesn fisee half concealed by tlhe largo hordsthrs of her linen cap, is moving actively hbouta; shoe is secoldisg in a shrill voice, and plontifully besoopatteoring the stout man wilth sueh termus of endearment as "good-for hqthling hiullhing wrotoeh I " opithoets whicho nsever 'fOr· a moment disturb the happy 'oe'ensity of his counateuaneo, lIany yeonars ofi' endurance have rendered him imporvious to suich wor'd-shlafts, 'rLeavingg the happy couple to their bills and coos, we pass up the winding carriage: .drive, The briambles no losgor stragglo sveo Ihe gravel; all is neat and trinm. Tho laiwn is weoll shaved and rolled ; the old liohso figures of nymphs and d3ryads aire aeh',laded bly frpsh ounes;. theil old funttain is 'repaired and sends .up graceful streams of water that fall with a soft cool sound on that hot summer day into the basin beneath, in which sports a numerous colony of gold and silver fish. The hall itself has undergone a similar transformation. Its newly-painted, white facade quite dazzles the eyes in the strong glare of the sunlight; the windows are bright and clean, and hung with new and hand some drapery. Passing round towards the back, into the grateful shadow, we come upon a now build ing, a bright, sweet-smelling dairy, in which is a pretty-faced, fair-haired young woman churning butter and singing to herself. Presently a head peeps through the door way and a mrlo voice says " all, Carry, there you are, busy and merry as over. Daphne among the eggs and the cream-may a Corydon come in ? " The speaker was a tall, powerfully-built, handsome young man, dressed in a gentle. manl's morning suit. The girl blushed crimson.. " O, if you please, sir, don't come in now; I am so busy, and if I don't make: haste I shall have the butter. spoiled," she said, hastily. :: HeIo stood in the doorway watching in silence for some minutes." 'Can't I help you, Carry ?" he said, presentlyi. 'it's a shame to see a pretty girl like you working so hard without offering assistance." " No, thank you, sir." "Yes, you shall teach me to churn, and wo will make butter together," he said, coming into the dairy ; " and my. first fee shall be a kiss." HIe caught her round the waist ; but at that moment another figure darkened the doorway, and a female voice, in a severe tone, pronounced the word " Robert I " The new-coiner was an elderly woman with white hair, dark, haggard features, stud burning, eager-looking eyes. The young man released the girl in some confusion. . "What is the meaning: of this ? " asked the lady, sternly, turning to Carry.. "0,' it's ino fault of Carry's;" cried the young man, quickly, "if there is anyone to blamebit is myself. It was bnly ajoko-: " If you please, ma'in. I'd rather leavo," said theogirl', with 'tiars ii her eyeoi,' if Mir. Blakely will come here. . ' " Hold your. tongue, girl I hoeoidlde you speak disrespectfully of yoursmastgr,"'' answered the lady. "But. you,?ha not be disturbed again. When you are here, loodk yourself in." - - " I do wish father would give tip the situ ation and go back to Sandybank; I Was over so much happier thero; " said Carry to herself as she dried her tears and re sumed her work. "Dear, dear I what a likeness thlor is in the young squire to poor Charley; only Clharley hadn't that bold look, and didn't stare one out of countoleance as lihe does. I wonder what over became of the poor boy-never had but one letter from him, and nobody's ever heard of him since. IPm sure if ho's living he'd have wrote to me." The tears began to flow again, as they had flowed many a time before at those thoughts. In the meantime the lady and gentleman, ýn whom the reader. has doubtless already recognised Helen and her son, were moving towards the Hall ; she gently expostulating with him upon his late behaviour. B" But what the deuce is a fellow to do in this dull hole ? " he answored, ".I don't w.ean the girl any harm ; but one must kill the time somehow, if it be only in a flirt ation with a milkmaid." " Surely Squiro Blakely can find some amusement more befitting his Station 2" Isho answored proudly. "What ? It's neither the hunting nor the shooting season-the neighbours cilt us -~,wo can get no company. I tell you .I 'can't stand it; and shall get back to. town and remain there at least until: Seoptouber." " You must have patience, my son," replied his mother, soothingly. " Remom bor, you poor father was so long out of the. country that the name of Blakoly was half forgotten. They will come round in time." "Not they I " answered the young mrn. "They have given us the cold shoulder in the most decided manner. Everybody seems to avoid the place as though it were a fever hospital. Was there not some crime commit tod hero years ago that was never --" "Who has dared to speak to you of that ? " cried Hoelen, fiercely. " Tell me, and they shall not remain another hour upon the estate." " I certainly shall not toll you if you take the matter so seriously," answered hoerson; laughing. " There; I paid no attention to it. I suppose the antiquated Hall has its ghost like every other old respectable family mansion ; but- " "What do you mean by its ghost ?" asked his mothelr, turing very pale. "I mean nothing. I only mean that all old manusions have one, and I suppose this is no exception. By-theo-by, there is a wing of the IHall loolked up. IBunt what's the matter, mother ? Why, I declare you look as if you ihad seen a ghost I " "Nonsense, Robert~ ; the heat of the sun is oppressive and I feel rather faint. Give me you arm and let 1us go in." Iter lips wero pale and she trombled as she spoke. 130forme we follow thelm inito the house, tihe reader wilP probably like to know how they came there in possession wilthout a certain act of parliamnent having bcon re pealed. Robert Blakely tie older had beeon dead just a twelveomonthl at the time we have resumod the thread of the 'story. In. tie event of Rlobort Blakely dying without issueo, the estato would pass away to a remoto connexion of the family represented by an old Indian officer, also childless. About two yoears previous to Robert Blako loy's death news canmo that the old officer was dead. Thus the properly was left without an heir. Iolonle's schemiing brain at once seized Uipon thIe advantago of the situation. Why should niot hlier son inheorit the estato spite of thle shadow upeon his birth . As she turned the subject over icn her mind nothing appeared eas;ier. Let, her husband'writo to hIis slontrs , toll him that he halnd privately married a lady at Flor oence, by whom hlie had a son, who was consequently heir to tihe cabtale, It was not probable that any question would lie asked as to whom 'tihe lady was. Thle boy had I beon ouentered at Eton as Robort Ulakoly; had been christened Robert Blakely, with his father's written acknowlcedgment of his legitimacy-what more could be required ? She herself was so altered that it would be scarcely possible that she should be rccog nised. If there was any fear of such a recognition, why she would pass as the housekeeper. Mr. B3lakely willingly endorsed the scheme -as indeed his wife would have compelled him to do, whether willingly or not. The steward was written to, the mar riage acknowledged, and that gentleman was invited to London in order that lie might be personally introduced to the future Squire of Blakely. He came, the introduction took place, and the news was carried back to Norfolk than, an heir was found. From that time the estate began to improve out of the dilapidation into which it haldt fallen. But Robert Blakely the elder never revisited it. lIe died in the gloomy house in Grayson Terrace and was buried in a London ceme tery fir away from his ancestors. Thus Helen's boy took unopposed pos session of his father's property, and the great longing of her life was fulfilled. But somehow the county gentry held aloof from the Hall. Whether it was that they held it as still tainted with an undiscovered crime; whether some person had fancied that they recognised Helen, and some whispered suspicion of the true state of the case began to be bruited about, it would be useless to discuss. But there was the simple fact-nobody visited the mother and son,. It was the one drop of bitterness in Helen's cup of triumph and was suflicient to flavour the whole. Her maternal love was sorely wounded at the thought that her noble boy, whom she looked upon as a paragon of excellence, should be thus cut by those whom, except in social position, she regarded as infinitely his inferiors. When she returned to Blakely she brought the Gandys with her and ensconced them in the lodge, which the death of Mrs. Miller had just previously left vacant. SAn advertisement inserted in the county newspaper for itn experienced man to manago the Blakely farm had resulted in thoe selection of Carry Lee's father for the post. And now the reader is in possession of every fact that it is necessary for him to know at present. Leaning upon her son's arm, Helen passed into the house. The change within was greater even than without. No dust ind tatters snow-every place as clean as paint and varnish could make it. Grand new furniture-gorgeous hangings; Helen's savings had gone in the purchase of these. Only one part of the iall remained as before-there the dust lay thicker than ever, and no tihumana foot had disturbed it since that summer day when Charley and his companion explored those gloomy chambers. Tihe doors that communicated with that wing were fastened up. There was twice as much room in the grent building now as could ever possibly be required. Why then should they incur the oxpeiiso of furnishing another wing ? This was what Helen said. Of course in a little time the servants began to scent out a mystery. Then they began to mnako inquiries among the natives; then came out tihe story of the murder; then they began to fancy that they hoard strange noises behind the looked-up doors; and at laust the female servants began to avoid their vicinity after nightfall, and even thoe men-servants did not care about it. As young Robert had said, every respect able family mansion has its ghost, and why should that be an exception ?-more especially When there was such admirable materials out of which to create one, Let not the reader however suppose that. we are going to create one. Poor Edith 3Blakely slept soundly in her grave; she had not found such unalloyed happiness il this world that she should desire to revisit tihe glimpses of the moon. The mother and son entered a hand somoly-furnished room upon the ground floor, looking out upon the lawn. Reclining upon a conch reading the Times in a gor geous domi-toiletto was a pleasant-looking gentleman with a closely-shaved face, a nose somewhat inclined to redness, and hair dressed in little bunches at the temples \--indeed it was no other than our old friend, Pontifex. The fickle goddess seemed to have smiled upon him at last, to judge by his outward man. "Any news this morning ?" asked Robert. S"Nothing particular in the political world," replied Pontifex. ".Foreign news hari been deucedly dull since the Italian war ended. Since Italy has beeoon for the Italians it has been deucedly uninteresting. Plenty going on in the fashionable world. Lots of old aristocratic friends of mine giving grand ptsrties. Egadl I lero is the whole season passing away and I ihave never once been secn in Rotten Row." "Rotton Ilow must be in despair I " said the young tmas, slily. " By-tho-by had you been in Rotten Row that slay I met you on the top] of thle ounibus ? " " At that timo, my dear boy, I was under a cloud-I had run to seed. Suchl things happen oven to marquises and dlukes at timos." " Ah, I little thlouglht I had found in you a long-lost uncle," Robert went on in the samo banteritg tone, " or the mcoeting might ihave been quite pathetic. By Jove I tlough it was strange, wasn't it ? What follow was it you took me for that you said was so very liklo ? " At those words a look of attention came into H-len's eyes. " O, a young follow who lodged in tile same house with mo for a night or two," answored PIonltifox, carelessly. "I never saw him aftermwards. But, come, whan t do you say to a ride before lIneheon ? It is almost too warmn for exercise after twelve o'clock." Robert agreed to the proposal, and Mr, Pontifox retired to his chamber to comploto his toilet. OIIAPTEIR, XVI, While Mr. Pontifex was preparing for his ride two wrotched- lookit g tramps, a man and a woman, were toiling along tliohe hot, dutsfy road tlat skirted thie enolosing wall of ]Blitoly Ptsrk. Tho man was an itinerant tintker, dressed in ragged velveteen-an ill.looking, grimy individuall wi?h a bonrd of a month's growth, Behind him, carrying the implements of his trade, toiled a squalid, sickly- looking woman, with a soddened face, whom he every now and then turned round to abuse for not walking faster. " I can't walk any faster, Dick," she said, trying to appease the fellow. "These things are so heavy, and the son is so hot, IDo let us rest a few moments." " What's the good o' resting hero ?" answered the man. " Ther' ain't nobody about, and there's nufllin to pick up." Upon which he began to anathematise the laziness of all womankind, and of this one in par ticular. Comning however upon a cool, shady bank that lay beneath the shadow of some trees- the very spot where Charley and Bilge had sat down to take a council of war upon the occasion of their memorable visit to thle Hall---he began to think that a few moments' repose, out of the heat and the dust, might be agreeable to himself. So, selecting the most comfortable spot upon the bank, he laid himself down full lengtlh, tilted his lint over his eyes, and was soon in a doze. The woman, dropping her burden, sankl down upon the grass and- wiped away the perspiration that was streaming down her face with the corner of her ragged shawl, and took off her all but sololess boots to cool her blistered foot. The soft air and the ploasant couch quickly soothed the poor, tired wretch to sleep. Presently the man woke up, and see ing her oblivious for a moment of his per secution, waxed wroth, and called to her with an oath and a ]kick to rouse up. Just at that moment two gentlemen on horseback turned the corner of the road that lay behind the bank and saw the kick and heard the woman cry out. Spurring his horse forward the younger of the two raised his whip and lashed thie follow smartly across the ficoe. With a howl of rage ho sprang up and made ia dart at the horse's head; another cut across the face that left there a broad red wheal waits the result of this attack. In the meantime the woman had staggered to her feet and was trying to hold him back; upon which hlie turned his impotent rage upon her, dashed his fist in her face rend faelled her to the earth, with the blood flow ing from her nose and mouth. In an instant the young man sprang from his horse, throw the bridle to his companion and, seizing the brute by the baick of his neck, horsewhipped him until he howled for mercy. Robert Blakely, for it was lie, would havo beeoon satisfied with this castigation; but his companion very judiciously remarked that if the ruflianu was left free lie would undoubtedly wreak :his malice upon the woman. " Quite right, old fellow; ride back and find a groom or a gamekeeper to take charge of the fellow, and we will lock him up." Mr. Pontifeox rode away upon his errand. The brute, who, like a true British ruffian, was bravo only in womau-beating, finding hlimself worsted, began to beg for :mercy; and upon finding such entreaties useless, grow ferocious again and threatened all kinds of vengeanoe. Very soon however Mr. Pontifex, returning with a stalwart groom, put an end to the scene, and the follow was dragged away,'uttoring the most frightful imprecations, to the nearest lockup. This part of the business hlaving beon dis posed of, Robert next turned his attention to the woman, who was now sitting up wiping the blood from her face, and moain ing with pain. " Is the rufian your husband?.";: asltd Robert, Mindly. "No, sir," answered the woman, in a faint voice. " So much the better. Heore is half-a sovereign for you, and I should advise you to get out of the neighborhood as quickly as possible. They will look that fellow up for a time, so you have nothing to fear from him ; but the magistrates are jolly hard upon tramps down here, and they' might lock you up also if they catch you loitering about. I wish I wero on the boench ; by Jove, I'd give that fellow a twelvemonth on the treadmill, as sure as my namo is Robort Blakely." " RobertBla.toly I" exclaimed the woman, loolking up, and speaking distinctly for the first time. "You are not Robert Blakoly of Blaltkely Hall-ihe must be an old man by this time ? " At the sound of that voico-lio could not see her face, her back being towards him Mr. Pontifox started, listened for a moment, then turned his horse's head and rode gently up the road. " You are speaking of my father, who is dead. Have you been in this neighborhood before ? " asked the young man, in some surprise. "O, yes. I have seen Blakely Hall be fore to-diy," she answorod bitterly. "And you are Rolbort ]Blakely's son I " lshe said, staring at him with a strange expression in lir eyos. But suddenly recolloeting her self, sheo added, hastily, "I beg your pardon, sir; yous must think a vagabond lilto me very importinoset to talk so to a gontloman. Many thankls for your ]kindnoss; I'll rest hero, with your leave, until the dizziness in my head lhas passed away." Robort Blaloly lingered for a moment as though lhe would have liked to continue the conversation; but finding hlo did not speakle agaiu, but sat holding her head boetwoon her hiands, he remounted his horse and rode after his ovmpanion, who was by this time some distance up the road, "What ar strango woman I " lhe said as he rojoined Pontifex. " My name seemed quite familiar to hor-appoeared to recollecot my father-spoke like a person of eduneation too." " Of courso you warned her to quit the neighborhood ? " said lPontifex, hastily, " O, she will got away quickly enough for thIe fear of that ruffian," Mr. Pontifox was very thouightful diinug the :remainider of the ride, and proposed that they should out anoross country instead of roturning by time road. " Robert Bllakoly's son I " repeated the woman to hersoelf. " Only to tlinulk--only to'think of tl-t I Can that be tIhe one ho was lost 2 I should like to kImow thlat2LI should like to Iknow that I I'll try and find oUmt." Amdnug tho passouingers who arilved olo evening na th?e London 1Bridage station by the tidal train from Dover was a stalwart, handsomo young mau, with a face bronzed by exposure to a foreign sun, a full beard and moustache, and dark flashing eyes, which gave to his firmly-cut features an expression of stern determination uutLsutal il one so young. Over his dress, which was plain and of a foreign fashion, he wore a large military cloak. A small portmanteau constituted his entire luggage, and those be deposited in the cloak-room. After taking some refreshment at the bar, he sallied forth from the station, and cross ing over London Bridge, took his way into the city. Many a passer-by turned round to admire his handsomo figure, and to stare at his strange dress. But, without appearing to notice the observations which he excited, he walked rapidly along, looking neither to the right nor to the loft. When lie arrived at the bank lie mounted to the top of an omnibus. IIo got down at the Angel, and stood for a moment to look about him. " Just the same," lihe muttered; "no chango here. I can fancy myself a youth again, looking upon the great world for the first time. Can it be possible that I am the same being 2 It seooms to me rather as the dim memory of some former state of exist once." He sighed, and crossed over to St. John's Road, down -"lhich he proceeded until he came to a ccrtain dingy-looking house. Hero he stopped and knocked at the door. "Does Mrs. Gripleoy still liv hero ? " lie inquired of the slatternly servant who an swered his summons. " Yes, sir," she replied, dropping a ourt say, and looking awe-stricken at such a visitor. Then running up to the top of the kitchen staircase, cried out " missus, you're wanlted I " " Who wants me ? " asked a voice from~ beneath. A gentleman," was the answer. " Stay," said the stranger, with some thling of a foreign intonation in his voice; "as an old friend of Mrs. Griploy's I will take the liberty of going downstairs." And suiting the action to the word, the next moment lieo stood in the presence of the astonished lady. "You will not remember me," lie said, dolffing his hat and holding out his hand; " although I well romember you." •M rs. Griploy was very little changed since last we saw her, save that hlmor hrir was gray and that she had grown much stouter. ' I know the voice," she said,: doulitfilly,;. but not the face." " Do you remomber Olarles ? " h atsked, rmiling. - " Lawks a mercy on us," she ejaculated. ' You don't meoan to say that you're that delicate-looking, quiet youth that- Well, I never I Well, I am glad to see you. I took a fancy to you from the first. But, dear me, what a change I -Why, have you boon soldiering ? " "A little," lihe answered, laughing. " But the first thing I want to know is can you accommodate moewith a bedroom? I have just arrived from the continent, and have not yet pitched my tent. " Yes, I've got your old bedroom, and I have had it fitted up afresh lately. You'll find it more comfortable," she answered. " That will do. What has become of your old lodgers ? Neither of them with you snow, I suppose ? " " Yes, Mr. Kauflman-- " " What I " lie cried eagerly, " Mr. Kauf insin with you still ? " "Yes; he's been abroad soveral times, but he always returns to the old quarters." " That's the best news that I have heard :since I saw you last," he said forvently. "Is he in England or abroad just now ? " " I lihoe's in London-hoe's editor of a foreign newspaper now. This is his night :out; but heo'll be home to-morrow morning. .Then I suppose you have found out that lhe wasn't to blamo about them studs, whatever it might have booeen ? Doary me, how frightenod I was that night I Not that I over believed such a good lodger as Mr. Kaufman could over ha' boon guilty of such dreadful things as you hinted at." "I have learned a great many things since I saw you last, Mrs. Gripley," lhe answered; " and among others, that I was then a very silly, impetuous boy, who had undertaken a task lie was incapable of ful filling ; who fancied his green intellect was equal to the unravelling of a mystery that had ballied pleoplo bred to the trade. I hlad the clue in my hand too ; but instead of un winding it with a delicate touch, I toro it in pieces and cast it away-and with it," lie added, with a sigh, " perhaps a plrecious jewel that can never be replaced. Alh, what an idiot I was then I But what has become of Mr. Pontifox " hlie asked, with a sudden chango of tone. " O, the scamp I " she cried amngrily. " I have never seoo him from lthe day I last saw you---and he wont away owing me a sovereign. But wherever have you boon all this time, if it isn't an impertinent question ?" " Not at all, Mrs. Griploy," hlo answered frankly. "I have ceaonsed to be mys torious, as I find it is not the best way of obtaiining information, although I formerly acted as if I believed so." We will toll the story for him, with a few more particulars than he vouchsafed to Mrs. Griploy. On tihe morning followhig the night that he fled from Mr. Leowson's house, lhe 'had boon found lying sensoless in Hyde Park by one of thie keeoopers, andhiad boon removed to a noighbouring hospital, HIo lay theoro for some time in a most precarious condi tion, under an attack of brain-fevor. A.t last the oxcellenco of his constitution prevailed ; but the disease left him in a condition of 'almost equally dangerous weaknemoss, A long confinemont to the oonvaloscont ward ensued. In the next bed to his was an Italian reofugeoo, who lhad boon brought to the hos pital with a broken leg. lio could speak Englishl with tolcrabl ll uency, and a friend slhip sprang up betweoun tihe two invalids. Both were weoll educated; both wero pootic anmd onthumlsiastio. Thie dream of the Italian, upon which hlo never ceaonsed to dilate, was a free, ulited Italy, and huo succoeded in in oeulating his youthful companion with some of his own amsrs Ihalsc.. Charley had in thIe meantime told him something of his history, and of his, des. tituto condition. "I almost dread to get well," he said, " for then I shall be housoless, destitute." " That you shall not," aniswered the Italian. " My means are small and un certain; but such as they are, I will share them with you until you can look about for yourself." On the very day that they loft'the hospi tal they heard the news that Italy was in arms, that the Bourbon had fled, and that Garibaldi was leading his soldiers to victory. " Will you go with me to Italy and fight in the glorious cause ? " cried the Italian. " I will I " answered Charley eagerly seizing upon the idea. No offer could have been so acceptable to his mood. What hope, what prospect had he in England? A terrible suspicion, amounting now to all but certainty, had for over wrecked his hopes of love; and did he attempt to prove his birthright, his first stop must be to bring an accusation of mur der against the fathhr of her whom he adored. In the excitement and dangers of war he should find ia distraction, or perhaps a grave I was his bitter thought. So he and his companion wont to Italy, and as volunteers joined the brave army of Italian freedom. With that portion of his career this nar rative has no connection. Suflice it to say that he greatly distinguished himself in several engagements, was in one affair severely wounded, that he attracted the at tention of Victor Emmanuel, and by the King's express desire entered his service. Among his comrades, who were restless spirits from all the nationalities of Europe, there were several Germans, all of whom Iknow both Wieland and Kaufman,, andi 'spoke of them in the most enthusiastic terms as the noblest and most humano'of men. Those continual praises sounding iin :is ears gradually began- to shake his convic tions in the guilt' of Blanoli's'father. How could such a man as they pictured be guilty of such.l a crime ? Anid during the dark hlours' of the night, -whon sitting; byt? tile' Wivtch-firo, or when mounting guard,, iand more especially when lying wounded in hospital, he, would call back to his mind' all that' he hid personally witnessed of the thoughts and actions, of the gentle, noble nature, of the pure, intense human sym pathies of that generous benefactor, who had lifted him out of despair and destitu tion, adopted him as his own son, and even sanctioned, with a Quixotic generosity, the love of a nameless, destitute youth for his only child. How monstirons appeared to the young man his suspicious when placed side by side with this array of virtue I In the meantime, military discipline, danger, and a more extended acquaintance with mankind, was fornming the raw, inox poriencoed boy into a resolute man of keen and powerful mind. But through the fiery ordeal of camp-life, of the transition from boy to man, and of years of silence, his love came forth stronger, purified, and more noble. It was no longer the dream of a boy, but the passion of a man. How exquisite in its ideality, its tender-. noes, its iulworldliness, so unlike that of other women, appeared to his waking and sleeping thoughts the nature of this creatureo. whom he had cast out from him in a fit of delirious suspicion I Did she love him still ? or had she for gotten lim ? Perhaps she was already the ivifo of anotller. These were the questions that haunted him day and night even when he was standing before the guns of the enemy and fighting desperately for life. At last hlie wrote to her a long, long, letter, into which lihe poured all the deep: passion that filled his soul-implored her: father's pardon for the cruel words he had uttered against huim, and besought her to answer him-to put him out of suspense, oven though by so doing she annihilated all hope. Through many weary m.onthls of torturing anxioty he waited eagerly for her reply ; but': nione came. Perhaps the letter had never reached its destination. At last, unable any longer to endure this toretuning uncertainty, he bogged permission to retire from the service of the King, a prayer which was but reolnuctantly granted, after long and strenuous solicitations, ihe started at onco for England, resolved to soek out Blanche, hear his doom from her own lips, and ondeavour once more to in vestigato the facts of his birth ; and should. disappointment attend both those plans, to' return to Italy.again and end his days 'ii the service of her King. Such are the outlines of Charles's history during the five years we have lost sight' of' him. (To be contlinued.) 