It is very satisfactory to he assured, on the testimony of Mr Jaues Cahpbell, who is not op onr side, that this colony is not drifting towards communism. The arficle from the peu of that gentleman, in. the current nnmber of tbe Melbourne Review, famishes a pretty-fair answer to those partisan writers and speakers who have been in the habit of charging tbe popular party in Victoria with odalistic principles and designs. Mr Campbell begins Ks discussion of the groands for this assertion by. defining the termB " socialism" and u communism," .and giving a brief historical review of . the systems indicated by those terms respectively. The conclnsion he arrives'at ia, that nothing like those systems has ever been openly advocated in this country, and that there has not lieen 'tWieast brace of a socialistic or communistic purpose in the measures proposed and carried by the present Ministry. In communism," he Bays, we have nothing to fear from the present generation of Victorians", and from the next, it seems to me, we have lees ; iior .the-ruing race of the colony strikes me as heing one hat win be, in every respect, superior to the .present, except,-perhaps, fo ftamina and bodily vigor. I take the most hopefd view "&f; the future of -tiiese colonies, and I earnestly trust that that con&daoce; ina^ be fnlly justified -by tin justice, wisdom, and moderation with -which onr. politics ought to be characteriaed." : Sentiments of this bind, coming from a nonmember 'of the Utwal party, are to be spoken of with thw highnaf. wimmfn^^ . and, for the sake of them, some latitude of opinitm on ^certain questions of Itxil politics may be allowed to. him. . The cardinal prant is that Mr CAMPBELL repreeenta the catetruly, iandbydoingeo extiDgmalieB the {lepra^di; that has. been: so jjften cist: npon the poplar .party and its leaders here, by journalistat'.jBnd pplitici&ns;' Who oogbt to know Better than to make 0ch charges as they-fcsbitually prefer. Words of the most injurious import are flung about recklessly as if ^hey expressed notorious and undeniable truths; whereas, in feet, .-they, iiaveino more -njevaacy to file 'dicumstancfw of tmie and,place than ^vodd terms descriptive'of a' Sose imperial spotism like_that , ^Bting to support the' Ministry, the propotsi of a land tax of very moderate amount, he dismissal of » handfm of civil servants, r iome Jtoadeot of. en equally, rtiivial hurpcteritof'odr daily/p6Bth»l bistory.^ls tigmatised as "socialism," as flat comimism, as notiiing leas -thui 'sodsl revola- [x-tz,i T.zi-isu tss vixm ntt ion. Tbe wb;j|e ma8S 0f the popalation is epresented gg madly ruahiDg upon the verthrow ot all law and order, and onfiBi^tion of Bll acqaired property. Times wi'.nont namtor'Biich language has been pat in print, and scditered broadcast over the world,'withthe firectintentton of defaming the reputation of the* people of Victoria. Jbia ia the-erit we have to complain of and "aenpimce. Onffitad over again we have protested againBtlt in theee columns. The testimony of Mr Cahtbell to the utter falseness of tbdJ&ngo;^ge wp am rftfprring to comes opportunely, and all the more eo that that gentleman by no means takeB .Ihe ^popnlar, -. side . in.^politics. ,-He- is rather on the other - ride; tut heis fair and -candid, and-iis evidence is -given on : reasoned and quite nndeaiable data. Whatever theoretical opinions may be helii by individuals,, whatever unwise language may have fteeh provoked in "the heat of party'conflict^it iSatill a'eimple fact that nothing like a tendency^ towards either sodalistic or ; commuriiptic' principles has ever been evinced by any political party in this countiy. Henceforth we shall expect that all language implying or asserting .the contrary will be 'silently•'allowed to drop out of current political.discussion. In trath, the ^systems described by the terms in question are not at all adapted to the soil of a .new and . sparsely-populated country like Australia. They: are. the growth of ancient civilisations, where population has become too denee for .the means of subsistence; where society is sharply "'divided off into classes that constitute, in point of fact, social caBtes; where labor is completely at the mercy.of capital; where a pauper class is hereditary; where a grand aristocracy monopolises all the honors and all the power in the State; where even religion is made an instrument of statecraft; and where'thejise of a poor man to wealth and influence is all but impossible. In France, in Germany, in Russia, and even in England, all the elements exist for the growth of the wild creed that insists npon the natural equality of all men; and that, carried into practice, wonld resolve society into its original elements. The wonder, indeed, is that, human nature being what it is, the populsr reaction against the overwhelming force of combined caste and capital is not stronger than we know it to be.; No wonder that over-peopled Europe should be the hot-bed of all crude and ravolutionary theories. But in Buch a country as this there is not the slightest ground for supposing that socialistic ideas will ever enter the popalarmind. Society is too simple in its construction; property is too generally diffused; the ak we breathe is too thoroughly interpenetrated with the elements of freedom, to allow of anything of that hind. The avocation of the working miner, for example, is hard and toilsome and perilous; but it would not be benefited by the adoption of any plan of a common division of the results of his labor. Gold mining does not always pay, cor are mines the hereditary propert of privileged individuals, as they were in the days of old Borne. No equal " division of the spoils " would be possible in a pursuit so precarious. The same observation applies to-workshops and manufactories. link the artiBans employed in them could co> mand sufficient capital to carry on the business they are jointly engaged in, there is no outlet for their skill and labor excepting by accepting daily" employment at fair and reasonable wages. The only species of property that here looks like a close monopoly is land; and that'monopoly, so far as it is one, mnst be broken up by means of well-devised popular land laws. In fine, as Mr CAMPBELL has shown, the termB " socialism" and " communism" are both totally inapplicable to the circumstances of the land we live in, and to both the principles and disposition of the people. It is absurd, therefore, to say that people here yearn after socialism or communism, or that any notion of the kind is entertained by the Liberal party. The whole thing is a mere canard on the part of the Opposition press,-and is as ridiculous as it is insulting. We do not know how die vote for water, supply to the goldfields stands • but if there is any balance to spare, after meeting other promises that have been made, the Minister of Mines would do well to spend it, or some portion of it, on providing a water-supply for the Smytheedale, Browns, and Scarsdale districts.. There is probably no part of the colony that suffers from want of water more than this one. It is exclnsirely a sluicing district; that is to say, a great deal of the work done there consists of milling in which sluicing plays a prominent part; and yet often for nine .months out of the-year the miners have not ^ drop of water to wash with.. This does not arise Irom any scarcity of .rainfall, or from any parous deficiencies in the gromid. ' It is solely due to the want of reservoirs sufficiently capacious to contain tbe rain that descends, eo that there may . be .a supply available for mining, domestic, and agricdltoral purposes when the rainy season has -taken -its departure. We need hardly say that a deficiency of tJiis kind deserves the best consideration of the Government; and we shall be glad to see the Minister ot Mines, take the-same view of the Bubjfect'i.No great outlay would be involved in doing what-is required in the districts described; because, according to Mr LTJTZ, the. Government. jBDgineer, the work conld be done for aboot £6500, while the whole thing conld te completed; according to another anthority, for £10,000. ThiB is so small a sum to expend on providing a water supply to a by^iojneans unimportant part of the country -that, if there are any funds at the disposal of the Minister of Mines for the purpose,—they- certainly ought to be allocated. Jo,this object without farther hesitation." Smytheedale,* Browns, and Scaradile would no doubt-tell a very' different tale .in theminingretums to what they do now if this want was met, . A great^deal of the aoriferoos r ground is stall uncorked, and there is no room to doubt its payable nature. A sound System of water supply camed out in "those districts would consequently lead tp aimining revival of a very beneficial .character, besides providing tbe townap^ople iuid agricultorists> with what they so.muclr need; and therefore the necessities of this district, in this tepea,:certainly ;des0trti .to jeefflre very jearij ~ana kindly attentimu T&at.;'tibere'is ample evidence supplied for makibg this Tecammendation cannot be-denied, and the followingifl condosive 6n.|he subject'.' {uiuan Bui 1 by CocKcnioE 'Khih ai im MunsQBiLBLisr fimai ^ .. AooardingtoVr- Lu^'sasnrey.lthereisacatchinent' areapf 5 sqnkremlles. ..TOsfslsJOOaiMb'ind U the trhcls of the rthe jaairatB^Tailabk, it wonld giral72fialllionsa gallwis.alloirtag^iendnm to be « inchea pwaiiMJ'whiefi-^m Sefon'od to be not fallen; but then previoiaiD>IB» T yeixs, * f^lcf Si inches «u not an nnooamcn- thing, so tlut by gror- 2 •»• -.-«.. all. _ Sty for absorption anja Ubenl allowance, pouriiring; nhe 1mptr- 4- xnWliitL, which Is viong andsj»tei>ti»:_ t,iacter .' 0( ths ground, there' stm'laMins;,«fc._ snimdns'.- ta: Wtsatlsn. If the aun pujoied V» itr ——•*» 'iwjwiwmiia wiuuivo w in reccBsttnctrf, ulftMj; olherrtop;f» order that no aacrifice from ^he bfeJam tLia qoanlity as chall pus through an aperture 16 inches wide ud 1 inch deep, with • pressure sot exceeding 6 inches. This would give a discharge dightly over 100 gallons per minute, which would amount In a working day of 8 honrs to be 48,000 or (say) 50.000 gallons per day; and this quantity divided into &713OOJQ0O would £iveX7>420.days for this discharge of old j^ce-he&d; of the whole available ninfall, after reason Ada dedoetio&s; being tnad^br natural^ causes. Now, &Bncting-mizD; the year daya^Snndays ' Dl&ttTS.; and days when na>pcrk could be dona, , ^3,'Aere SBDJ^orldn^js, whlah divided for/nie sltdoehcai OTcoEvtrseIy62slidce-headsforly6ar; and a? a sluice-head is estimated sufficient to cnpply S Bluicars, the result is 186 iueh employed all the jear round; if yoo take the earning of each man at the mo- "dertte"- ana 'of' 5s °pS r "3ttn, th^^total amoinl" per year on the above basis would exoeed £13,000* year. And as in filuidng there is bnt little outlay In the purchase, erectiozi. and maintenance -of the neces6aiy ^pjffitiraeff.-liie'greiitaf porlldn^of tSTab&ve; aindnnt ma; te fairly called armngp."" It is Ume now to consider what extent *of likely oo'untry.lfl availahle iar. Glairing operations! There are the hills included in Urs Bodan's estate, namely, Surface Hill, Watson's 33UL • -There is also Hard HilJs, browns, sod, on the; ^fiatae' tide* of the Smytbe's Creek valley, Monkey Gully hills, extending from Browns to Italians; likewise those at the head of Gudgeons, ana those biUs now in the po&aesri; *t;of Mr'Wataon ,'at the rear. ofhiB residence. These, with many other patches which ere known to be auriferous, could gaiety be estimated at 200 fccres, and wou'd give'full employment for fan - years; and this, as yon have heard explained, means £130,000 virtually created in the district Again.it " -ossible that a greater amonot of treasure lies an on the ranges west of the creek There stands Association Bill, Chinaman's Hill, and tbose hills on and around the Consols claim, Frazer's HLl, Tancory "III, Black Hill, Oldham Hill,£c., in tempi eg promi- _«Dce—invitiog, as it were, the hand of the gleaner to oome and gather in the golden grain. These hffla,. however, could cot be -worked eo cheap as those on the east side, as the latter can be reached by An open raoe, -whereas pipes would have to be -laid down.4o reach the former, I have said that the wealth of Che west side is probably in excess of •that of tbe east; but, aasamiog that they are equal, it is- deu- that our sources of employment would .be, by bringing these hills into requisition, more than don bled, and our gains equally eo, minus the cost of pipes, and the labor connected therewith.' The pipes themselves would be worth something after ibe'work had been done.-' Sofar, ihen,Ibavekept mining operations only in view; but domestic requirements are at£U more important. If we ace to remain in this tows at all, a water supply is : a necessity which should not be postponed further. It Is* serious reproach -to ss that, after * resldenoe of twenty enocessful years, we should, eo -far as water is concerned, be in the same prijnidve condition as when we first set loot here. We cannot dispense with this eleae&t; for a day, and therefore, however we may differ ae to other planes, of the question of water supply, we should be unanimous about securing a domestic supply. Nor would we be anything out of pocket by so doing.. We have a population of, say, 1000 within this borough- and such -adjaoent parts as could be conveniently reached outside our-boundaries. Taking an average all the year round, I Mssmr^. that .for domestic purposes, irrigation, brigade practice, and school balhs, SO gallons per diam per head would be a liberal supply. This' wonld take eleven million gallons, and making a charge for this at the rate of one penny per 101)0 gallons thejaale would produce a revenue of £45 16s 8d a year. This revenue would be greatly augmented if the water were required for any kind of manufacturing work, and as we m&y; now conclude that bur energetic and intelligent Minister of Eulways will do us justioe in the matter of railway oemmunfeation, onr revenue from ihs sale of water wonld be considerably Again, the cost of insurance ha m>i»ri>ii j^^pftn^ it would become known that.' we baa an supply of water.. 1 mention these facie to show even without any adventitious aids the expense of laying down pipes, and supplying wafer for culinary, p*nv tary, asd other dcmestic purposes would be repaid ii a few years. I have not entered into any calculation about the cost of the whole scheme—dame, races. &c.;: All that wonld be premature without further information, bnt from tbe results arrived at from the reading of Ur Lutz'e report there can be no doubt as to .the facte 1 have submitted to you. To give you a better idea of the value of the boon which this scheme carried oat in its entirety wonld have been more detailed. A great drawback to the prosperity of this town and lis surroundings has been the want of good land ior the production of oereals for "household use, and also of grasses and food for cattle. I am aware that nature has been unpropitaoufi in thSa respect, and that no effort of man can fully compensate for her neglect; but a great deal can bejdone in tbe way of compensatien, and it can be done best by irrigation. We have al?ng the valley of Smytheidale for come miles, and at Browns and other places, many spets of laud, sow lying idle and barren, that oonld by irrigation be raised to a surprising degree of fertility. We can rest assured that in fceveral countries of Europe, and hotablyin Belgiukn, France, Spain, and Italy, where irrigation has prevailed from time immemorial, and where itlspractised with scientific skill,land originally of the most s:erQe nature has been'made highly productive through the fertilising agency of water; eo much is this tbe case that.waste.lands, before irrigation which might be only worth 10s an a are rise to £10 an acre when supplied with water. In olden times, in India large tracts of country liable to drought were supplied from dams and tanks^o numerous as to oocupy Learly as much ground ae they were intended to serve. There were no periodical Indian famines in those happy days. There are the appalling con- -eeqoenoes of tbe neglect of water supply in reoen times; but perhaps the most conspiouous instance-of man 1 * ability to make up for the deficienaee' o! nature is .to be lound along the Pacific ooaet of 6outh America. Therearedi»tricts2000mileslnex'intwhere no rain ever t Jls, and yet the agricultural products of that region are always vastly in excess of homerequiremsnls, such excess being annually exported to other parte of the world. This state of things is secured by a copious system of Irrigation, brought iffim^ngg distances from tbe rainy regions of the Andes. Ihe Vesuvians would gladly bring an-insignificant stream 60 or 100 mSee to fertilise a few acres of land ; and I believe in future times something akin to Peruvian frugality will be followed here, where the for eo doing are incomparably greate reward would probably be greater will be no need to consult the pod edible required for the kitchen, nor would tie cattle on tbe commons be languishing from December to May every year for water and -herbage. Ae to the allowance made by me for loss through evaporation, I am aware that exception might be taken to that item. If water, be not .quickly jCdlleeUd in deep reservoirs evaporation the quantity rapidly, and I am aware that the site arpund Boden's dams is not so favorable as might be wished for conservation, although the best tTregards all the necessary requirements. tSiill, making reasonable deductions on this head, there remains a wide margin which leaves no doobt as to the eucoess of the scheme if carried into effect. '--Gould we but obtain £10,000 It would be sufficient for our Durpbee. The interest of that sum at 6 per cent wonld be only £600 a year, and, in comparison with the advantages which I have endeavored to bringluder your notice. I cobudt that the amount is emaQ Indeed, and that 1 have made out a oaee that merits your unanimous approval Oopt OF TSB EXPORT TTOKlfiHEO-BT Ub LUTZ BB THB WATCR 6UPPET OF BMTTHBSDAIZ, BfiOWSB, AND SCABflDAlS. In accordancewiih^your instructor s.I-visited, on the 19th ultimo, the boroughs of Gmythesdale and Scaredale, to report on a proposed scheme for the supply cf water for sluicing' operative on certain hills in this locality, and for the supply eventually of the above-mentioned plaoee for domestic purpose*; and beg to submit herewith the results of my inspection, survey, and enquiries affecting thl scheme as follows: — At Surface BUI, Watson 1 Hill, and Bard Bills in the «aid locality, elmcing operations have been and are at present successfully carried on by private companies, notwithstanding the fact of the pracent supply of water to those places being a very limited one, owing to the inefficient etate of the races and storage dame, and the capacity te -latter, - oonstractBd—for the" purpose~at Boss* Creek, vtdch permit ol tinidng'^eerations on some carts ot the Ulls being carried aTflnringa few months only in the ysar. A mech Abetter mult wonld be obtained from tcen«peraUos»i! a good and parmanent snptfy pt water , conld be «e«iied, as mkv present dams, or the consinictlon ^t .^ne .or inoie sew reservoirs, of larger jcapaHty. mt snitable places, and by the improvement oi vz&ting; races, Or the construction ot new ones. The present owners "of the water-right, dams, raeee, £a,are notable to carry out the required, improrunfoits on aoaomt of tbe oocsldsrable' oost, but an willing to sell the whole at a reasonable price. The attention ofthe eoiffioile of the above-mentioned boroughs ins been drawn to ibe matter} they hare been-£roo^ Wprelenmceln the event of a Bale, and 1 believe wonld: be willing to {mmhace tbe same, with the view of^"effecting the neo^mry Impro^amenU fil U»^ua«.aoa,eo that an payi≤ grotmj oouH be >osied, and thereby "a considerable i&crro-tom;^eram^-thi&trict;, and a profitable emnloymant ota nmnber of iteinbsbitante secured, providing such improvemeote conld be rnaje at a reasonable ottlUy/Tor "the purpose "of ascertaining.ths .feasibility, and «ro^iab]fi c j.t of the necessary works. 1 inspected tUjfreeenTstorage dam> »t Bos f Creek, their drainage are* the dUoent race's Reading the water to the eltdcing-grounds itself, ard toot the necesfiaty Ipvels. * — * " - following conclnsicuist—a Jjicb can be utilised for slnicingoeerations at 6nrf.ee .mn, Watson's Bill,' and bard B01a,3s at Eoss'Oreelr, •where two drain* with a total storage ^upecitytl ^ntsowwm pdjOTs.^bave ^ n SnetrSed by' etewaonjiiaw fert aed^Mfertrwpecti^^OTthe 8my^eadale_ Post Offloe, and are .about 2001ect above febfehsat «lnWnggrennd,-aaa^ominand»antoge areaof overfoorsqaaremiles; bnmtCeirembankmenla •—v—~—- '""wu.n umo^ .^vgood aitefega" fe -fiot, wideb * would - ; where over 160 million gallons conld bestorrf; and snch a body of water, with an elevaticr. of fnUy 160 feet above the slnicing gMnmd,-s^:.gisiaa: Irom Aste abont two and twjind a balTmflos, KcUTeljSould. no dsubt, be a great accjOlsUmn, JwonldSUowtheoirryingonotthesldasg opeonly a few chains of new races would have to be cut, and by those means the Misting rues would be again nude serviceable throughout, as also the , few M dams cpastnuieSsn.their conrees, ud.which, eerve thiiSnfallalong fte line. Hard Hills Muld 'clod with this basin without gre^ ex- ter beds, araemall pips-head reservoir, .. the lower part of Caddy's GuUy, anammniot either ottbem by meansof en-opsn-raoo with the largo reservoir on the top of the said gully, and from whence the water could be conveyed in pipes to the town, and as the storage dam wocld have an elevation of fafiy 800 feet above Smylhssdifo Post Office, och lower site could be selected for filler bed, or .a pip*-head, reservoir, (thereby shortening the pipe trtidt' to about one mile and a hid/), whici wouH stilT have a sufficient elevation to afford a good pressure in tbe town, T would therefore recommend tl6"ci)nstrnction oi this large reservoir, as being by far preferable to the_ making if improvements on the easting works— which, as I have pointed out. are most unfavorably situated, and would cost as much to put into a thorough state of repair as the construc'jon of new works. The total coet of constructing the reservoir in Daddy's Gully, and worts in connection therewith, I estimate : about -£3500.-1 have the honu to be, Eir, your lost obedient servant, CB. J-tiTZ, U.E. Here is abundant evidence ^applied of the value of what the people of the districts referred to require, and a guarantee given by them to pay the interest on the oatl&y;, onght to be -qnite Bafficiept ;to induce the MufiBter of Mines to comply with the request made, if money is available for the purpose. Hie Government bss resolved to dirpose of the Lydiard street frontages of tbe Camp reserve, and a plan b&9 been drawn up showing the lots to be Bold. These frontsges «re Ave in number, and each one is 33 feet long, with a depth ot 99 feet. Foot ont of tbe five are joined together, 'the one farthest north being close to Xbe lock-up, and tbe four will cover the site ot the old telegraph office. A frontage, <6 feet long; is then reserved for tbe purpose of establishing a market thereon, and' the remaining lot for sale iiee*etwe«i the market reserve and the present post and telegraph offices. A somewhat singular accident happened, on Saturday night last, to an old-lady named Brown, living in Learoionth street, Bumnyong. Whilst in the act of filling her teapot from the kettle on 'the fire, the top of the chimney came down with a crash on to tbe kettle and teapot. Mrs Brown, however, fortunately escaped any further injury than the loss of her culinary utensils and a sQght scald. Shere is every probability-that the neceasat; repairs and additions -to the Eastern railway station, including a gate and crossing at Princess street, will be carried oat shortly. Messrs Bropby and James, M T. A spoke to the Commissioner of Hail ways on tbe subject in Ballarat yesterday, and the -Commissioner informed them that, altbongh the work of the department was at present very heavy, he would get what they asked for carried out as soon as possible. We understand that there is a sum of £2000 on the estimates for tbisjrork. At the "Town Police Court yesterday, Thomas Mackin pleaded gnilty to tbe charge of stealing 2 dwt of gold from the mi&edf; the Victoria United Company on the 10th instant. ..The gold,it will be remembered, was foond in prisoner's pipe. Formal evjdenceastolbe robbeiy was tskovand sitnesses having been called, who gave prisoner a good character, he was sent to gsbl for the comparatively short period of three months. A' letter was read at the City Council meeting, yesterday, from the town clerk of JDnnolly, requesting the council's co- operation in getting an improvement in the railway time-table. According to the preeent arrangements, anyone desiring to go from here to Dunoliy.and back loses three hours in waiting at Maryborough,' and anyone travelling from UuQoUy to Ballarat and back loses six boon and a half at Maryborough. Tbe times, too, are also eo arranged that a person wishing to go from Danolly to Ballarat and back on the same day will only have fifty minutes to spend in the last-named place. It is very properly thought that some of the time now lost in delays at Maryborough might be utilised in'aUowing a longer stay in Ballarat ; and the'City Council resolved to support the Danolly people in their efforts to obtain an alteration. A poor child named Henrietta 'Wilkinson, aged about nine years, was arrested on Sunday, 19Ch instant, in the Chinese camp^Haddon, as a neglected child, and was brought into the Smythesdalelock-np. At a meeting briocsT justices of tbe peace, held at Learmontb Police Court on Monday, Messrs Donald Gunn and Francis Edwards were elected as the licensing magistrates for the Learmonth district for the current year. For aome time -put the bridge over the Gnair Creek, at the intersection of Holmes street, has been in a dilapidated oondilion, and the stale oKbe flooring vas such that passage over the bridge was attended'with some little danger, particaluly at •nighttime. The City Council has now, however, taken the matter in band, and we observed yesterday that men were employed effecting the necessary repairs. A public meeting of ratepayers of the east riding of Riponshire, whose" diUdren attend the Snake Valley school, wai held at the Mechanics' ball on Saturday evening last, to consider and adopt the most effectual means of securing the promotion of Mr John Mardoii,' »««i»i.nt .in said school,"to the head teachersbip, on the retirement of Mr Bsrtlett, who, it is understood, has received an appointment to a larger school. Mr W. Murray was appointed chairman, and briefly explained the objects of the meeting. A memorial to the Minister of Education was adopted, setting forth the views of the memorialists, and strongly recommencing Mr Mardon for the appointment. A deputation was also appointed to present " the memorial, and urge the views "of fhe memorialists on Major' Smith. It is stated that Mr Mardon holds the highest qualifications for the -position, and has recently passed the matriculation examination at the University. - Oar Learmonth correspondent *rite«:—" Hie Bev. B. Hamilton, the esteemed Presbyterian minister here, has recently beat granted * -couple of months* holiday by Ms'jcongregation," during which it is his Intention toijpsy a visit to New Zealand. In addition to thisThowever, . the handsome ram "Of 100 goinett has been subscribed anS placed to the rev. gentleman's -credit in the National,Bank here,:in expenses ramnreteVwiththetrip nnyteiiiluiaatea. The recent , heavy bereavement occasioned in tbe family by the loss of bis esteemed wife tome three weeks ago has necessitated a short trtgw from bis pastoral duties, and it cannot be otherwise than gratifying for him to receive such a. tangible token of sympathy and esteem as tbe above so unmistakably demonstrates. Arrangements have been made to keep the polpit ^applied daring Mr Hamilton's absenc?, and itls sincerely hopSd'thal the abort forfongh arill have the • deeired effect, in securing the rest so much j>eededj and that he riU have a-pleasant voTage and a^afe return. I msy just mention that not only the members of his oni congregation, bat others of the community contributed cheerfully towards the testimonial above alluded to." , . -The annual concert in aid of .the Ballarat Hoamtal was given in the Springs State school last Friday . evening, and,4ike an its predeceeeors, waa a brilliant success. Tbe sum to bo handed over to the hospital committee on thisoccuion is £37, an amount which must be highly gratifying to the -promotera, the Springs district generally, and the committee of the Hospital. This satisfactory result is by no means an isolated Instance of success for the Springs; since the district has averaged, during the last fouryeara, a net reanlt of more than - that sum. Of. course this result is entirely dae to the enngy of U» promoters, the excellent entertainment always proviaea, and tbe »«?ct economy observed in all Ihe^etsils. To the eflbrtt of M«m Bnttetly, Schjiltre, T. Trewin, Hooper, Brt^Wto,JH«1aerson,-tta Monro. is due the success of the affair. "To the performers great praise is due... N6t only: dii the gleet and choruses go with smoothness, and effect, but tbe aolos; were so tendered as - to 'call forth repeated •encones and the heartiest applause, proviag that, while; the audience had the aatiafaction of assisting a Chanty, -they '-also- appreciated the evening's -amusement provided for_them,_ MlBLDewarjuid Miss Schultze acted .as accoapanyists, anl Jlr Schultra Idndlylent'Jhe.piano. At the dote of' the concert the-BeK Jltt fpki>ove4.»nd-*r W.Tfcewrn seconded, a vote of thanks to the per-.' framers. Mr B utterly responded. \Mr Schalute then briefly thanked the sudiaice for iheir attendance.. After the conj»t jiandsg waa kept np till daylight. The ooncert committee take this tmportrnnty ot thanking thnae who by thar j^trwag^ • year after year, have so materiallyaided in making Springs hotphalbei^t»;M--~tiMmyaubjt4nUal ,« Normaf-'MfiM^blUei^ae "AH •tadng te. ^ . r S ^ m ^ f & ^ m ^•I^reamt.l, dwelt,'?:MUaT Matfi %ud ^"rus, gruidatber'a dock? MrJ.,BuU; wng,; ^»^When-spanows MwPSchaixe-! duet (pianoi « WoodlandMwhiqKa,", Muter and Miss Dewar ; song and chorus, Roses underneath the enow," Miss Dowling ; song, " Jonathan, Joseph, Jeremiah," Mr" J. J- "Bult; duet, "Te banks and braes,"- Mrs and Master Dewar ; song, " Pour out the- Shine fine," Mr J .Mashio ; " M - culty aboot that dog" (restHpg), Mr ButtdlyV Part H.—Overture, " Martha," Miss Dewar}; glee, " War song of the Druids," company ; jrang.- s M'Sorley's Twins," Master Deirtri songif - Brook," Miss Scbulze; song and xUion^gr Tte, fire in the grate," Miss Dewar; song, Shpons song," Miss Dowliog; snlo, pianoforte, Ftetasia on American Mrs," Miss Schultze; song, "There s ,„„._ody always at iSKStivfi^SL'JSa.'SS' nome,-; J. d. ay», ^orti "DrirUng with the tide," Miss Bdhullze; The beKrt," Miss Dewar ; song, ^ ^ BDtterIy glee, " Te entlemen.of England," company ; "God Savethe Queen.'" , . - -i . •-. A deputation of-fruit VEndors waited on the City Cou'ncil'yesterday to request some alteration in tbe present arrangements ibr leasmg.tbe trnitstaUs at the Botanic Gardens,-and for allowing the sale of fruit there. The deputauon pointed out the desirability of allowing anyone the privilege of edl-„ ing frnitthere'on' mymentof a Bc^nse fei, and also the necessity, Jorihajcpavenience. of the^uWic, of erecting some ; more"stalls. The ""cAuncUlors, admitting tbe imporfancfe of the matter, resolved to discuss it with deliberation,-and it was refeRed. r to t^e toance committee, which'will report on tte ; matter at the next meeting. - • ~ - ' About twenty gentlemen met last -night at" Lester's hotel in reference to' the' Bechervaise tes-_ timonisl, Mayor Xeggo in the "chair. The question of form of-.recognition was discussed at aome length, when it was finally resolved^that the department be written to iuking that ft presentation be allowed. It was also arranged-that thi whole of the gentlemen present form themselves" into a committee, anS that Messrs • Anderson, Perry, Palmer, Baldwin, and BoWme be a.TOb-committee to arrange for carrying but the object of the meeting. The committee arranged to wait upon the friends of Mr Becheijaiae, with the View of making the presentation a genuine feeling of respect and appreciation of Mr Bechervaise's long residence and kindly conduct as a public officer and citizen. Mr T. P. Hill resumed his lectures at the Central State school, Ballarat, yesterday, the subject being, '-Woi^s and phrases." Tbe lecture waa most happily delivered, bnt pressure "on our space prevents as giving an abstiact of Mr Hill's remarks this morning. Amongst the novel performances at St. Leon's Circus is that of wire-walking by Mr Perkins, who leaves the field occupied by his predecessors in the art of rope-walking, and makes his aerial journey on a wire as fine as string, the wire he uses being what is known as No.14 pianoforte wire. Without the aid of a balancing pole he walks along this thread, and while standing and posturing upon it, plays a violin, and sometimes balances. a glass of water on bis head. Mr Perkins brings excellent credentials with him, and he has in some places Bathurst be walked eleven miles in ten hours upon the wire, and it is not improbable that at a future date he may attempt some such feat here. The annual meeting of the Ballarat District Sunday School Union was held on Friday evening last; Mr Yickeiy in the chair. The principal business to be dealt with was the election of officers for 1879. The chairman reported that he had visited several schools, and requested their attendance, as it was thought from the.few who had attended daring the past twelve months that it wonld be nselees to attempt to elect fresh officers for 1879. This was very much regretted, seeing the benefits the schools had received from the -union, and also the excellent library wbich visitors have access to for a nominal charge of Is per annnm. Tbe library contains ICO volumes of the best works for Sunday school teachers. The meeting passed a resolution, that on acconnt of the paucity of the attendance it wnnld be useless to proceed to the election of officers; that it waa desirable the union shoald be bronght to a close, and that tbe present officers be requested to carry out the tame, if thought advisable, and place the property in trust. After passing somo accounts, the meeting was bronght to a close. A revision court tor the general lists of voters for the Legislative Assembly was held at Clunes on Saturday. There being no applications for alterations, the bench, consisting of Messrs Appleby and Weickhardt, J.P., certified to the lists. For the Clunes division of the electoral district of Cresnick there are qualified ss voters for tbe Assembly—General list, 131; ratepayers' list, 1178; total, 1309. For the same division of the Northwestern Province, there are for the Council— General list, 10; ratepayers' list, 107; total, 117. The wheat crop in an around the Clarendon and Buninyong districts is nearly all gathered in. The yield is expected to be about one-third below the average, or about twelve bushels to tbe acre. The president (Mr Hepburn), and borne of the trustees of the Miners' Ears Club, visited the course yesterday, and discovered that a great deal of damage had been done to tbe fences tlwre. Mr Hepburn offers a reward of £5 for the conviction of the offenders, On Councillor Hickman's anggestion at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, it was nsolved to draw the attention of the trustees of the cemetery to the necessity of supplying the gronnds with water-taps and drinking fountains, for the convenience of the public. Mr W. Bobertson, of Bridge and Peel streets, is just now showing at his establishments a large collection of oleographs and oil paintings, winch he announces is open to the inspection of'the public. The oleographs are certainly some of the finest that have been'shown in Ballarat, most of them being taken from pictures by master painters, and they of themselves will • we?l repay inspection. The letter signed "Anti-humbug" displays such a bad spirit, and is so passionately written, that, out of regard for the interests of the author, we have consigned it to the waste-paper basket. The case ot Dr Lynn v the Talbot Lta3tr being subjallex, Mr James Hunt's letter cannot be published in these columns. Mr H. I. White yesterday sold by auction the North Grant hotel and stables, Bridge street, to Messrs Phillips and Bond, lor the sum of £1610. Mr Flnde will resume his lectures in elementary chemistry, at the School of Mines, on Saturday next, the 25th instant, at eleven o'clock a-m. .Principals are invited to draw the attention of senior scholars, and pnpil and amittsnt teachers, to the opportunity thus'afford^ Tor acquiring a knowledge of this most important, useful, and interesting science. Fee for J be course oflectures, which will extend over the whole term, Sg. We should expect tbat Mr flnde will hare a large class, as it is open to both aexes. A meeting of the board of advice for (be north riding of Bnnibyongshire was held at Bager'a hotel, Ballarat, on the 16th instant. Present— Mesws Higgans (in the chair), Balph, and Levett. Mr Levett.gave notice of motion for next meeting, to discuss the propriety -of retaining the services of uncertificated teachers In State-schools.—Mr Balph, to discuss tbe propriety, or otherwise, of granting State school buildings within the riding for-the purposes of exhibitions, Tbe correspondent was instructed to write again to the department re dosing of State school at Dunnstown. . . . Oar readers will no doubt be pleased to learn that the late accident to tbeghost" apparatus at the Academy will-not delay the production of this wonderful exhibition bnt a few days, as Mr D'Any Bead has succeeded in obtaining another aheet of glass, which is hourly expected to arrive. It is intended to make theopening night on Monday next, by which time Mr Head will have thoroughly tested the. whole of the machinery. Tbe magnitude of thia show may be imagined from the fact that there are six tons of luggage in connection with it It has been highly auce3sfhl wherever it has" been" and we therefore expect to see crowded house " the six nights it is announced for here. .. .. Mr Drummond-will address the. Bungareesbire ratepayers this evening at Jones' Raoecourae hotel. Black Sramp road, at fight o'clock, on st£re affairs. - Tbe subscription picnic of the Ballarat Water Commission will take place to-day, at the reserves Mr Jesse Shepard is to give a clsirroyant exhibition at tbe Academy of Mnsic this evening;and the doors will be locked after quarter-past eight o'clock. , A bowling dub, to be composed of non- profes aional members, is abont to be formed in Bunin-' yong. A meeting for the purpose ii.to take place shortly. _ Mr T. Taylor's annual distribution oi'works of «t amongst his patrons took place yesterday, when ,the following took the-first four prizesln the order.nained :-Mr Hylton, of Stuit itieet; Mr Tim eh, of Doveton street.; Mr Moore, of Stafford- Eh Ire Beef: and Mr-Murphy, of Ballan." " " It is announced in our advertising columns this morning that the following prizes -will he run for in connection with the Catholic picnic that'will take place at the Junction; BungaieeTsn tbe 6th •of next month:—Junction Handicap, of £6- Handicap "Hurdle Eace, of £7 lOsTHandican' £ot, for a aaddle ol the «lue«fX5 Ss; and* Hack Bace, for whip and spara. . VThe ever-welcome Miss Bosina-Carandini'a con- :i£3_? a i ^epl'asxt the Mtchamisa' 3tutKnte «T Wpdnteaday and Thursday. It is announced by beobtained from MeasrsBardwell andBeaadiaai Sutton^^and J; Harrison. Sturt'. jtreet- ials^ai WHlett's photographic studiorBridge artreet; ^ from tte agent, Mr W.J. Gates. ' Mr T. GribMe announces by adrerdsedient in another column that he is a candidate for aceat for the No. 6 division in the Ballarat Mining Board, to be filled at the election that takes place on flu 22ndof nextmonth. We Mf requested to direct attention to an advertisement which appears elsewhere, annonncing tbat ^Messrs . Davey Brothers have reaunug -business aftbeiroltl premises on the sonth side of Mair streeC r. J ; The annual.concert in aid of the Ballarat and Geelong Jiosptals, takes place in the Assemblv rooms.HRiiWonB, on the 7th February. Judging from the talent already placed at the disposal of' the committee, the concert should be an undoubted —iccess. _ We have received copies of the following almanacs for 1879s—The Australian Alliance b. snrance Company, the local agent for which is Mr Finnis; and the South Aiatr^an Insurance Com. pany, the Ballarat agent for which is Mr Acheson] We are compelled to hold over aeveral letters until to-morrow. . «!e have received a copy of the Boyal Fire and • 3fe E Aasurance Company's almanac for 1879. xhe Ballarat agents for this company are Messrs Gvks Brothers, of Sturt street. • We have received a copy of the Report &o4; Honor List of the Ladies' College, Melbourne, for 1878\. /•'*'- A meeting ol the regatta committee will be hda at'iliester's hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. The following notice appears in onr advertising columns L this : morning, -with reference to the Bungareeshire Council. It is signed by Mr Drummond:—" Advertisement signed "Henry Acton a ruse last resort to mislead ratepayers." ' The late damage having "been nearly repaired, it is announced that D'Arcy Bead's Ghost entertainment will be given in the Academy of Music next Monday evening. The aje learns frima reliable source that intelligence has been received of tbe state of health ot fdr Justice Stephen. 'His honor lias not improved, and his medical attendants.have decided that it will be impossible ior him to resume his duties on the bench at "the period to .which 1 his leave of absence has been extended. One oT those appalling . tragedies that came a thrill of horror to pervade onr systems was enacted at'Soldier's Flat on Tuesday evening last. About •even "or eight weeks ago (says the Cuirra Free Press), a man named Goodfellow sought snd obtained vork at a selector's place in the vicinity of Soldier's Flat, where he continued np to the evening of Thursday last, upon .which occasion he retired to his hnt, and immediately afterwards an explosions of firearms was ."heard. The employer rushed to tbe spot, and found the unfortunate man with the roof of his skull blown to atoms. It would appear asillie had secured the gunso t^at a deviation conld not possibly" have taken place, and then deliberately placed the muzzle to his forehead, and pulled tbe trigger with bis foot. The arrangements in connection with the'whole affair were so complete as not to leave the slightest doubt as to the determinate premeditation of the act. The following telegram from' Benalla appeared in yesterday's Age Extensive bush fires hare occurred here, and great quae Li ties of fencing have been destroyed. Mr John -BeOly. will be the heaviest loser.' The fires have now been got nnder control." The Bendigo Advertiser understands that a young lady, occupying a position as teacher in Mr HosUns' school, lronbark, has lately had left her by the death of an uncle, a legacy amounting, it is stated, to £11,000l The Herald states tbat at a Cabinet Council to beheld to-day, the Government will consider the advisability of running trains on the railways on Sundays " on a limited scale as an experiment." A man, who persistently refused to give bis name, attempted to commit suicide on Sunday afternoon (says the ilultmg Advertiser) by jumping into tbe bay, off the Tana When be thought that -he was. nnperceived by persons on the wharf, be suddenly rushed to the side and jumped into the water, which at the time was fully 11 feet in depth. Aa soon as he rose to the surface he screamed out" for assistance, ahda sailor named John. Wicfeman, employed on board the echooner Georgina Smith, plunged into the bay with his clothes on, caught the stranger by the neck of his coat, and swam with him to one of the piles of the wharf, ...where be dang until assistance was rendered by a number «f watermen, who lowered a rope-sling and hauled np the would-be suicide and the courageous Wickman. The stranger was handed over to Constable Hicks, who at once tookhim to the hospital, where he was pronounced to be of unsound mind. The man, who is about ttiirty years of age, would not epeur when questioned as to who he was or from whence he came, the only observation he made being, " Wby did you bring me here?" Tbe stranger waa respectably dressed. He wore a dark pair of treed trousers with waistcoat to match, a black data coat; a. blue striped -cotton aUrt, and a checkcolored necktie, a soft brown'hat, and a pair of lace-up boots—the: whole, of-hia- clothing bong quite &ev.; Ee was not" hard-up," having a sum.' of £C 18s in his pockets. The stranger has dark hair and wean a goatee and moustache, and be is of sallow complexion. There were no .papers in his pockets'which woultlleadto his -identity.. A religious tract was found in one of His pockets. The wheat crops abont Italian Hill (says the Daylfsfc.rd Mercury) are very fair. In aome places there is agood deal of straw and light wheat, but the farmer will not have to complain much about the wheat crop... The oatsrarerather light, though there are «ome good patches hereand' there. Potatoes are looking pretty well now, bat if the rain continues, to.hold off much -longer, there. will be a poor yield. On Thursday morning (aaya the Geekmg Advertiser) a young but well-proportioned man, dressed in store clothes, and mounted on a jet black nuggety-looking pony, passed through Geelong, and from "bis appearance and manner several persons had a suspicion that he Was in some way connected with the Kelly gang. The stranger rested-his borae-at Mr Hole's stables in Tarra street, where the animal waa well fed and groomed at the request of the visitor, who after remaining three hours in . Geelong, started - in tbe' direction ' of Camperdo wo, Ifte pony had received a number, of . scratches about the front, of the head, and its knees were " barked." In reply to questions the man gave evasive answers, from which his interrogators inferred that he was a drover; that his horse had fallen in the ranges, and thai for the previous four days the pony had to cover fifty miles.a day. The description of Dan Kelly tallies'with that of the stranger^' and from the great care he took of a Valice strapped to his saddle, suspicions were aroused as to hSs identity. -There may, or may nut, be anything extraordinary in the circumstance, and we merely recount the story aa it -has been circulated—The atzanger arrived-hi town at eight a.m^ and^£fta$ain at elevoi juin. - - We (PZeosmu Creek News) Jhave ao report another fatal accident upon the Stawell and Horsham railway lina The deceased, who is the 'wife of a farmer near Murtoa, was crossing the line in a waggon «t. the Jim .gate beyond tbe Murtoa station. When the-waggon was half across the rail, the limnes strap broke and the horse stood atilL Observing"an obstruction across the rails the driver of an-approaching train shut off steam, reversed the engine, arid did eVery-tiling which lay in hii power to atop the train, whistling whilst be.did so to!caution the driver of tbe waggon. All his efforts, however, were unavailing to atop the train, and the trucks (which were loaded with wheat) being before the engine, the foremost truck collided with the waggon and tilted it over on to the lice. The concasaion threw Mrs Summers some feet into .the air,. and turning a complete somersault she fell into, the way of the advancing truckvher head lying aetata the rails. One of the trueks at least-passed over her, and severed her head and arm bom her body, which waa also partjUIy .severed in'-the middle^ death being of course instantaneous. The co'.Iiiion with the waggonette threw the firat three trucks off tbe line, one of them being entirely smashed and overridden by those behind.. The Sips on Smeaton P^'ni (says the CrevciA •Adcertia*) ate -being threshed out, and are not yielding up to expectation. Tbe hot wind oo the firat day of tbe Smeaton show is said to have done considerable damage by b&ghting; the wheat and oats, which were in a forwird atate. MrW.Judaon threshed for Mr E. Molquiney, with a yield of 144raahela of oat® and 11 of wheat to the acre. Mr Muller pbUined about 17 bushels of oats and 10 bushels of wheat to the acre. MrBiordan waa buay threshing on Friday, with a result of about SO bushels of wheat to tbe acre. . '. The weekly-meeting of the -Xntevolonial Juvenile Exhibition Com mil tee was held (says the Telegraph) on Friday, at the offices, 5 Collins -street west^'The correspondence" read consisted of a number of letters from various parti of Victoria and the other colonics, asking for information in reeard to the Exhibition.' From the secretary for Elucation, -JJew South Wales, s fating the areolars already- forwarded had been given to the council's inspectors for distribution in all the important schools. The thanks of tbe committee 'were given'for tbe kindneaa 'if the Vew South Walea Education DepartmenL A letter was received bom Hr-T. Mnrcott, , pving valuable ng- 8etf>ops in rderence to the fine arts class of exhjhtts, and particularly impressing the necessity of works from nature being encouraged, which would "wof fheereitettbenefittolherisingracc. Letters .were received fromalargentmibectifgentlemen, ceptlig the position of vice-presidenta. A few also atdtoedtenqirpanniof taSties^ bat wished'the -undertaking every success. tThiaecretary reported that £26 had been ncerad- dnrinff the week in ..donations; also th« Wr^I6auntTiaa"promi»ed twu prues—a:x°U3and «(lrar .1ilti3al, for the firat and second best exkastot oak or Mackwoodgothic clock cuec, suitable for chime clocks Competitors can see samples at Mr Gannt's establishment. A schedule of articles was submitted for which special prises might be offered. The list vis considered a very full and valuable one, and after the meeting a number'of special prizes were promised. The consideration of the applications for the collectorebip, thirty-lour in somber, was left in the hands of a 6ab-committee, to select those. considered most suitable, and report to the next meeting. A pigeon-shooting match (says the Geeloug Adverliser) will take place in Geelong on Wednesday, the 29th instant, between Messrs Fox, of Boll&r;&t;, and R. Grimwood, of Melbourne! tThe match will be for £50 a-eide, twenty-one birds each, at 25 yards rise, and single trap. A good deal of interest is already being ta&en; in the match by lovers of the gun, as both.the gentlemen named axe looked upon as excellent shots with the- fowling-piece. 