ALES, ETC. MAUREEN DHU. THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XVL—(Continued.) By MBS. J. SADLIEB. " MAEGARET BEIIAN !" said thebrotber, with touching solemnity, "you have acted in a manner wholly inexcusable— you have been, I .tell you plainly, a bad ^jfe—you have been accessory to the death of your own and only child, by going out boating under such circumstances—you practised a grievous imposition on us all by making us believe that the child had died a natural death, but I tell you plainly that your present levity is the worst feature of all, inasmuch as it shows you dead to feeling—dead to remorse. How can yon tbink of that mocking tombstone—that monumental Ij e_on the bleak island-shore, without a feeling of shame and degradation V' " Here lies the body of Charlotte Ellen Bekan, aged three years and six months," ejaculated Margaret, in a sepulchral tone and with a face corresponding to the lugubrious sentence. Before Giles could give vent to his horror and disgust, his sister had stalked out of the room with a most ghostly air. " Good God!" said Fitzstephen to himself as he paced up and down the room in meditative mood, looking as much in sorrow as in anger, " good God, how revolting is this levity—to repeat the very inscription on the stone in mockery ! If Hamilton takes my advice he'll have nothing to do with you, my good lady. "Well, really, my penetration has been egregiously at fault in your regard—here I have been giving you credit for mourning in secret—mourning, inded!—if you did mourn I suppose it was because you couldn't get another jdashing husband with a fortune to get through." He was launching out into a fierce invective against the ruinous vortex of fashionable dissipation, whenhis soliloquy was brought to a close by the entrance of his mother and Charlotte, who had been spending the evening at Mr. Hampton's. They were both full of Emily's perfections, Mrs. Fitzstephen especially—Emily's singing, Emily's playing, Emily's drawing as exhibited in thecontents of a portfolio on the drawingroom table, Emily's charming manners, and all and each were enthusiastically dwelt upon, until Giles could stand it no longer. He fairly burst out laughing. "Well, on my word, mother, you would make an excellent matrimonial agent—assuredly it is not your fault if Emily still bears the honoured name of Hampton. There's Charlotte laughing slyly behind backs—suppose now you try your hand in getting her disposed of, and leave Emily Hampton's praises to her father and truly eloquent sister. Seriously, my dearest mother, you will confer a favour on me by doing so—it frets and annoys me to hear you blowing the trumpet for those whose fair semblance is as hollow as 'the tinkling brass.' For God's sake—for my sake, let me alone about this piece of painted pasteboard—this .heartless, soullessjpup- pet." "Giles! Giles!" cried his mother, using her fan at a prodigious rate, although no one but herself felt over warm, " Giles, you are both unjust and ungrateful—it would be well for Emily if she were only half as blind to your perfections as you are to hers. It is ungenerous of you to speak to harshly of one who, whatever her faults may be, loves you—" Loves me /" repeated Fitzstephen with bitter scorn ; "say rather that she loves my position, and has a yearning after our family honours—such love as hers is not worth the drop of dew that melts before the first sunbeam. Good-night, my dear mother—good-night, Charlotte. I have much business on hand for to-morrow and must try to secure a good-night myself !" With his own peculiar smile he left the room. Not so his mother and Charlotte, who sat talking till the night was far advanced. CHAPTER XVII. THE next day was one of uninterrupted sunshine. From early morning till the dose of day the Galway waters shone like burnished gold ; the. river, swollen by the autumn rains, dashed boldly on, freighted with the waters of Lough Corrib, and the surface of the basin withoat heaved, and surged, and pulsated like a huge thing of life. Multitudes of the finny tribes were sporting in its depths, darting up at times to the surface, their bright ecales glittering in the sun's rays amid the sparkling waters. Little fear bad they of the numerous craft that] litted to and fro, hither and thither, ver the Bay, for they knewwellintheir' piscal wisdom that the Claddagh men would not touch one of them that day for love or money. It was set down as an < : unlucky day" in the Claddagh, but out in the Bay it was quite the contrary, for the tribes of the deep were free to enjoy the bright sunshine, without fear of net, hook or line. In and about the Claddagh a more than Sabbath stillness reigned. Most of its inhabitants, both men and women, were within doors, or somewhere about their huuses, the former washing and scrubbing, with that exactness which makes their domestic neatness proverbial, the latter mending and otherwise arranging their fishingtackle for the morrow's use. Here and there at the quay might be seen groups, or individuals, as the case might be, repairing and cleaning' boats, mending sails, and other such professional jobs, all in that quiet, easy, careless way characteristic of the Claddagh man in a Btate of repose. Many of the women were in town disposing of the fish taken on the previous day, and amongst them was "Vara Halliday. Maureen was, accordingly, keeping house, and, contrary to her usual custom, she went through her household duties with a dreary, thoughtful air. Silent she was, and sad she appeared to be, starting at times from deep thought and looking around with a half-frightened air as though fearful ot Beeing some strange sight. She would listen, too, at times, with head erect and hand upraised as though expecting some unwonted sound. Her father and her brothers were all out most of the forenoon, and as soon as they had got their dinner they went off again to the quay, where, they said, "a couple of the boats" were badly in need of repair. Maureen felt relieved when she found herself again alone, but, as the afternoon wore on, her fears, of what kind soever they were, became intolerable. "Well, whatever it is that's on me," she murmured, "I can't stand it any longer, I feel as if something was for draggin' me down to the water side, though I'm sure I have no heart to go anywhere—God save every one from harm this day, for an ill day it is ! And, still, sure there is no one in harm's way. I don't know that, either—maybe there is—God knowB ! at any rate, I'll take a stroll down an' see what's goin' on. Ochone! I wish my granny was home— it 'id be something to have her to talk to. I'd like," she said again, as she wrapped her heavy shawl around her, and took her knitting in her hand, 'I'd like to know, now, what Shan's about ?" and then she sank again into a deep reverie, nor raised her head, even to answer passing salutations, till she had reached the wharf. The sight of the water, and the ships, and nearer, the Claddagh men scattered at work along shore, brought her quickly back to a sense of security, that was probably owing to the life and animation pervading the scene. The Admiral was there hard at work in his shirt sleeves, in defiance of the chill November blaBt that from time to time curled the bright waters far and near. He and his sons were keel-hauling their best hooker, which lay in a slanting position on the strand. Casting her eyes around in search of Shan, Maureen perceived him sitting, mending sails, at no great distance, with*Tom Flaherty and old Ulick Kearnahan. Shan's back was turned towards her, and somehow she felt glad that his eye was not on her. It was just as well that he should not know of her being there. Maureen, *with her stocking on her arm, stood for a few minutes near the spot where her father and brothers were at work, her eyes wandering with a half-conscious glance over the sunlit scene, beyond the water, where the blue mountains of Clare stretched away into shadowy distance, their summits traced on the far horizon in many a graceful curve and tapering cone. But Maureen was not thinking of the fair page of nature's book that lay before her. Other thoughts were in her mind, all tinted with the gloom—the supernatural gloom, attendant on her last night's adventure. All at once, she was aroused from her musings by the voice of little Nanno calling out to her with childish glee: "Look, Maureen, only look who's here!" Turning quickly, Maureen was much surprised to see old Aileen hobbling down to the beach, partly supported by her little grandchild, partly by her stiok. It was a strange sight to see the ghastly and withered old crone bent almost double, as it were, sustained by the elfin creature, who. was herself bowed down by the weight of her own pitiful infirmity. Aiken's hand rested on the child's misshapen shoulder, and it was easy to see that the pressure gave , pain to the gentle creature, for her cheek had a hectic flush all unusual to it, and her large, gazelle-like eyes were filled with tears. Yet on she oddled,^bearing up brayely herself, and cheering Jthe {old woman with many a kind word. Now, if Maureen had seen a veritable ghost at the time she could not have been more astounded, for the old woman had not left her bed for many a long day before. "Wisha, then, Aileen! is it yourself that's in it, at all ?" she cried, as she hastened to her, and with much difficulty placed her on a broad stone or boulder which there rose some feet above the sand. " Sure, I thought you weren't fit to put a foot under you." " Ugh ! ugh!—bad manners to you for an ugly ccugh!" croaked the old woman, " sure, I'm fine an' strong the day, Lord be praised ! an' we'll not have many such days as this, so I thought I'd struggle down to see the fun. Ugh ! ugh ! ugh!" " Ah, then, what fun do you mean, Aileen astore ?" " Och, you'll know it by-and-bye, avourneeu! There'll be great fun entirely. Don't ask me to tell you any more, achree! for you see it's chokin' I am with this thievin' cough. Ugh! ugh! —sure, I seen it all last night—is Ra»dal More down ?" "Yes, there he is," said Maureen, pointing him out. The bleared eyes of Aileen could hardly distinguish him, but knowing him to be present she seemed quite content. Her words troubled Maureen more than a little. It is true her reason was gradually failing, but at times she gave utterance {o strange aud mystic words.which startled the hearers, as would a voice from the other world. She had been for years both feared and respected in the village as "a wise woman;" that is to say as one having knowledge of hidden things, and this weird power seemed in no way diminished by the blank fatuity which had of late come upon her. Aileen Rhua, helpless and infirm, . and half idiotic as she had become, was still looked up to by her simple neighbours as a semi-supernatural being whose eye could at times pierce the veil which conceals the world of spirits from mortal ken. Her mysterious words, then, gave rise to a strange tumult in Maureen's mind, giving as they did, a sort of confirmation to her own undefined misgivings. Aileen, it is true, had spoken of "fun," but Maureen knew her too well to expect anything good or agreeable from that, for there was a biting irony in her tone that meant anything rather than fun. It was about one o'clock, and the sun was just bending his course downwards, when little Nanno, who had been watching with childish interest the graceful motion of the various ships and boats passing up and down, to and fro, on the river and the Bay, suddenly observed in her low, asthmatic voice: " Why, then, Maureen, isn't that a fishing-boat?" "A fishing-boat!" repeated Maureen, in some perturbation, " why, surely no!— there's no fishing-boat out to-day. But, Lord bles3 me! it is—och, wirra! wirra!" " Sure I tould you there was goin' to be fun!" said Aileen, with her shrill, cackling laugh, " an' there will, too—he ! he ! he!—where's Randal More ? why don't he stir himself—run, Nanno—no, you, Maureen—run an' tell him !—he ! he ! he ! I knew we'd have fun ! I knew it bravely! whereabouts is the pirate now, children ?" "For God's sake, Aileen, let us alone," said Maureen, with a querulousnes s that was all unusual with her, "my father 'ill get sight of her time enough. Ah! I knew," she muttered to herBelf," I knew it wasn't for nothing that I saw what I did last night. It's him—I'm full sure it is—didn't he as good as tell me he'd doit! Blessed St.Nicholas! what a beauty of a boat he has—an' I declare she's bigger than either the Shedah or the Nora Creina—well, if that isn't a sight anyhow !—ah ! it took him to do it." Lost in her instinctive admiration of the large and handsome boat, Maureen almost forgot the danger which awaited her venturesome crew, when a wild shout from the Claddagh men along the shore—a wild, vengefulshout—announced that the strange craft was noticed by them. Maureen's hiBart sank within her as she heard the stentorian voice of her father raised high in command, and saw several boats inBtantly in preparation. " Who and what is she ?" cried Randal More. " She comes from the city—here, boys?" to Ids sons, "get out the Nora at onst—don't have it to say that we'll be hindmost. I thought there wasn't a man in Galway that 'id venture out fishin' the day in sight of the Claddagh I an' she's a tight bit o' wood—well put together—more's the pity that she must go down—Shan Driscoll ! man alive! make ready—is Brawn Bern in proper trim P' " Safe and sound she is, Fll go bail!" returned Shan at the top x>f his voice; "but cany on guess who that is 1" " The sorra a guess—it's little matter, anyhow—well, I vow to God thafPs an aggravatm* omadham whoever he is!—• ; all ready, boys ?" I "Father!" said the soft voice of Maureen at his side, "father, do you know who that is P" pointing to the now distinct figure of a man standing on the prow of the boat. " I'll lay my life it's Mr. Fitzstepben." " Mr. Fitzstephen!" repeated the old man, sharply, " why, you're ravin', child, what 'id bring him out that way —do you think he'd come out again us in broad daylight ?" "I think he would, father," said Maureen, earnestly, Etill holding her father by the arm, "because it's partly for your own good, that's his notion." "Shan!" shouted the Admiral, "do you hear that ?" Maureen says it's Mr. Fitzstephen, an' after all, maybe it is, —my soul to glory but I b'lieve it is!— don't you see she's a trawler ?—jump in, boys! jump in! more power there, Shan, you're always first out!" Maureen made no attempt at expostulation, for she well knew that no earthly power could turn her father at that moment from his purpose. Shan Driscoll and Brown Bess were already under weigh, and the Nora Creina's white sail was flung to the breeze by the stalwart hands of the two young 0'Haras, themselves as excited as any, in fact too much excited for talk. Several other boats were starting in rapid succession, all making for the obnoxious hooker, their crews all armed with such weapons or missiles as came within their reach. Yet all this threatened display did not appear to intimidate those on board the strange craft. Still she kept her onward way steering right for the fishing-ground. Steadily on she went as though wholly unaware of the volcano over which she passed. Even the wild cheers and halloos from the advancing boats appeared to have no other effect than that of giving increased power to the graceful craft, which moved over the waters like a creature of life. (To be continued.) 