Victoria. [from our own correspondent.] Melbourne, July 28. The war of partieB has begun in right eurnest, and all the political rancor and strife of the past few months may only be looked upon as skirmishes before the great battle. Mr. Berry has tabled his Constitution Act Amendment Bill, and spoken to its first reading, an i you have of course had its provisions and purports long ere this. I may state at the outset that there is no possibility of the measure passing tho Council if it be sent up to that body by the ABSJmbly, which ¡b problematical. The two parties are determined not to agree, and there is no hope of a solution of the difficulty from Mr. Berry's or tho Ministry's bill. In good truth, though each side pretends to be willing to make some concession, both are determined not to do so save upou compulsion. The Liberals really would like to see the Council abolished, and they will concede bo much ns to be content with destroying its influence. The Conservatives want to increase instead of curtail the Couucil's powers, and they will give way only so much as agreeing to anything that efiall not actually lesson them ; so what hope of a settlement can there possibly be 1 We can therefore only look to a long and disastrous Btruggle that will in- crease the present depression tenfold. The bill, stripped of verbiage, aims at veBting the whole power of granting aida and supplies, and the imposition and remission of taxes, in the Assembly alone-substituting a nominative for an eleotive Upper Chamber-and securing finality of legislation by means of the plébiscitant ; and it only remniuB to point out how theBo objeots oro sought to be secured, the manner of doing so, and the effect upon the country if the Bcheino bo carried out. With regard to part first, the money and tax bills Bection, it is evident that in vesting tho power of taxation and supply in the Assembly, tho bill only proposes to follow the procedure of the British Legislature-the Lords having long ago practically conceded this right to the Commons. But this reform bill proposes to uiakc money available as soon as the Committee of Supply has endorsed the Assembly's vote, which, the Conservatives contend, would give n corrupt Lower Houbo egregious powers. A great deal is said, too, of the difference in the Consti- tutions of Britain and Victoria, but I think mode- rate people will allow that our wealthy classes, who get into the Council, as a rule, aro certainly not more fit to have a control of the public purse than the Lords and Bishops of England. By going further than claiming the right to deal alone with taxation and supply, and cutting off the least chance of tho CouncÚ interfering with money bills-which are to begin and end in the Assembly-Mr. Berry strikes a vital blow at the obnoxious House, and he muBt have known that his measure would receive the lullest opposition. Ho practically got the prin- cipio affirmed by a resolution curried in tho Assembly in March last, which received the assent of the Governor and the Audit Commis- sioners, but the present bill, if passed iuto law, would obviate the necessity for Appropriation Bills, and embrace all the moneys collected,from any source or appropriated in any manner. ThiB would " take the Bting " out of the Council with a vengeance. It requires a good deal of consideration nnd ns much knowledge of prac- tical legislation to seo how this clause would affect legislation, but it will no doubt bo pointed out Clearly enough in debate. I do not think the Age will go with tho Ministry on this point, for it is much opposed to a paramount Assembly and looks to tho plebiscite for a lessening of tho evils afflicting us. It may happen thut the Ministry will forego the principio of rendering money available as soon as voted and passed by tho Committeo of Supply, and content thcmbelves with virtually controlling the public purse, and if so it will bo only right to prevent a small majority of tho Council from practically taking that power to thomsolves. Auothor new prin- ciple in the bill is tho substitution of a nominee for an elected body to tho Council, which pro- position had no placo in tho last reform bill. This, of course, ia strenuously objected to, and ita opponcuts point to the fact that Now South WalcB is trying to reform its Council in a diamo trically opposite direction, and endeavoring to substitute an elective for a nominative House ; but as usual the " party " content themselves with making statements, and do not caro for facts. Mr. Borry in his bill propo&es; to gradually substitute one for the other ; but when bia pur- pose is effected, if it ever should bo, our Council would no moro resemble that of the sister colony than a horse does a mule. Mr. Berry's Council would be composed of nominated members hold- ing their seats for ton years, some of them retir- ing in rotation overy two years. Tho number would always be tho sume aa at present, nnd there would be certain qualifications required, such as nationality, residence in the colony, and character. Now,iu Now South Wales nominations aro for life, and tho number of mombers is not defined, so that a Minister, if thwarted, has only to swamp the Council and get his will. If I re- collect rightly, Mr. John Robertson brought ono of the most important Acts ever passed-namely, the Free Selecting Land Bill-to a successful issue by appointing himself and some men of his way of thiukiug to the Council, and compelling that body to pass it into law. And it must bo evident to thinking men that if Legislative Councils are to have an existence long in this country they must be nominee bodies, for in that shape they can only bo shown to have a reason- able raison d'être. Elected chambers with powers co-ordinate to those of Assemblies will never work satisfactorily. The Conservatives' wish to widen the basis of franchise and retain the power of the Council, being willing to agree to its dissolution in case of disagreement. This, they contend, would prevent doadlockB, because the Upper House would be frightened to go to the country, and perhaps lose their seats. Now, what a contemptible Chamber they would im- pose on a country-a body to be awed into com- pliance with auy wrong by a fear of being put to' tho expense of re-election. Their dread too of getting a lot of unsuitable, disreputable men nominated to our " Lords " is an insult to the country, considering that the Governor-in Council is to make the nominations ; and not complimentary to themselves, taking into account the fact that at no distant date a Conservativo Government must be in power. Thewealth and respectability of the country will get into the Council by nomination, which it certainly does not by the present system of election, and would he less likely to do bo by the proposed alteration of the franchise. The only way to make an Upper Chamber reaemble in any degree tho House of Lords-and that I take it is the wich of British subjects-is to have it composed of men con- spicuous for respectability, intelligence, and j sometimes wealth ; a proper mingling of which characteristics would serve to givo ub the least objectionable kind of what is pretty generally considered a uselesB branch of the Legislature. In this respect I think the bill admirable. The third part deals with the means of achiev- ing finality of legislation. In coBe of the A»sembly passing a measure twice, in two con seautive annual sessions of Parliament, and that measure being twice rejected by the Council, the Governor-in-Council shall have the power to appeal directly to the people by means of the plebiscite, and if passed, such measure shall bo termed and called an act of the people. The great objection raised to the plebiscite is that it ifl ut-English, and has been tried with the worst resulta in France-but it must be remembered that the Emperor resorted to it as a ruse, and in order to override tho Parliament. In our case surely we have a right to finality, and the plebiscite would be the beBt means of achieving it, because a direct appeal to the people on one point would send a measure to the country devoid of any side issues. The |.Ministry. might carry reform and fall upon their education or any other policy, and so the present absolute necessity of a member voting blindly with his party upon a question on which he held views differing entirely from theirs would be obviated, and the much-vaunted " measures not men" be possible. The weakest part of the bill seemed to ino Mr. Berry's speech in introducing it. Ho appeared to forget that it was the first time he had had an opportunity to tell his Parliament anything about the Embassy. He had dilated upon his success and bis triumphs to the people and various gatherings, but the Assembly'then heard for the first time an account of his stewardship from hia own lips. His Bpeeoh was a good one, but it was not up to his standard, and not what we might have expected and did expect. But those people who asked him whether he had Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's assurance that this bill, if carried by the Assembly and rejected by the Council, would be forced upon them by the Imperial Parliament, and intimated their intention not to vote for it except with some such assurance, must have a poor opinion of the dignity of our Legisla- ture and the people it represents. Sir Michael is not king of England, he may not bo in power long, and at best ho could only help set in motion tho machinery of law to effect a purpose. Mr. Berry went home get nn Enabling Act, and did not succeed, but he appealed to the Parliament of England and not an official. Mr. Service was the first to reply to Mr. Bony, and though it is not usual to have a debate upon a first reading, ho was followed by Sir John O'shanassy, Mr. Purves, Mr. J. G. Duffy, Mr. Lyell, and others. The Liberals wero quiet, not wishing to express an opinion until they had had nn opportunity to consider the bill. Sir John was eloquent upon the merits of two Houses the samo as govern America, and Mr. Scrvico derided any reform but tho one he advocates. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen in- timated pretty plainly thnt, in caso of tho bill being rejected, thoro would be a dissolution. There may possibly bo nn appeal to tho country of a more unpleasant nature, as it is freely pre- dicted that the budget will not pass, but the wish is doubtless father to tho thought of thoso who haz ird the prophecy. Major Smith makes his fiuaucial proposals on Thurnday. There was an absurd rumor that wool íb one off the articles to be levied upon, and pre- parations wero made]to send the clips to Sydney ; tho alarmed oues forgetting that thoy would bo taxed on the border the same aa at tho port if any such itnpoBt wero to bo levied at all. A conversion quito as sudden and in some degree as important as that of St. Paul was announced in the Argus of Thursday, when that journal gavo iu its formnl Submission to denouii nationaliBm, after years of strenuous opposition to the sectnriaus getting any degreo of sympathy or subsidy from the State. It discovered that tho method of tho present agitation by tho Roman Catholics is quite in keeping with the theory and practice cf freo institutions, and that it is now evident that that agitation comes, not from the clergy, as they lind long contended, but from the laity; and the Parliament and public are bound to consider their wishes and interests-that if any section of the com- munity can prove it is suffering mi in- justice by the operation of any enact- ment they have an undoubted right to agitato and demand reform-and that Government can- not tolerate with either propriety or Bafuty the existence in the community of a largo claBS smarting under a Beiise of wrong. This is the gist of ita argument in its own words. Now, reduce that to practice, and the Kellys should receive sympathy, for they contend that they aro suffering from injustice, and are martyrs. It is evident that, if oue single concession is mado to thoso who clamor for the State's recognition of their creed, whether thoy be Catholics or Pio tcstantB, a Frankenstein will bo raised that neither the Argus nor the people will bo able to " lay." This " great light" has, doubtless, como to tho loading journal by conviction, but it ia impossible to disconnect its conversion from tho state of parties, and the avowed determination of the sectarians to oust the Government if pos- sible should their demands be refused. The Agc plainly putB it, that " it is easy to understand that a feoble party, greedy of office and unscrupu« lons ns to the means of achieving ita desires, would make almost any nlliauce which might strengthen its hands." Without going so far as that, for I beliovo the conductors of the Argus to be in earnest in their desires to seo a chango of administration, I think that any chango in tho educational policy, save a thorough return to tho old Denominational system, will bring about the most deplorablo results. The Agc puts side by sido an article in tho Argus of October 23 of last year, declaring that " it ¡b tho breeches pocket of the Catholics and not thoir conscience that is interfered with, and it ¡b morely a ques- tion of pence- that it is downright nonsense to call such a. griovanco n wrong, and thoy cannot keep tho country in confusion for the mere pur poso of enforcing thoir pecuninry claims without laying themselves open to a chaigo of disorderly and unpatriotic conduct," und the one of Thursday, in which oxuctly the opposite is con- tended. Whatever the outcomo of tho agitation moy bo, it is palpablo that the Deuomiuationnl ists will in future have the fullest support of tho Argus whether thoy demand payment by reBiilts or tho handing over to tho State schools, which havo coBt considerably over a million of money, to tho sects and tbe clergy ; hut na the Argus influence, when it contends for anything contrary to the will of the pooplo, has been proved to bo small, it is to bo hoped that its championship will not avail much. At any rato the education question will nffeot any appeal to tho couutiy, and for that reason a plebiscite would do good sorvice. On Wednesday the Tatura Railway Bill passed all its stages in the Assembly, after some pro- test against tho expensive nature of tho proposed works, and Mr. Coapor introduced a motion to refer election trials to the Supremo Court, and so do away with tho Committee of Qualifications and Elections. The debato was adjourned. Mr. Bent proposes to rescind the Officials in Parlia- ment Act, precluding mi-mbur« from accepting any office under the Government for six months after their ccasiug to sit in Parliament. Ho contends that the Act is an insult to the Legislature, but tho precaution is held to be necessary to check bribery of members on the evo of an important division. Mr. Casey tried to get a bill intro- duced conferring certain powers upon a company calling themselves the " Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company, limited," and the initiatory steps being informal, he endeavored to get tho Standing Orders suspended ; but some honorablo members-notably Mr. Dwyer-objected, and pointed out that the powers sought for wero ex- cessive, and the affair collapsed. After all ' the bitterness and abuse of Mr. Woods for jumping-it was alleged-a pnrt of Flinders-street Park for railway purposes, the Assembly quietly sanctioned the proceedings, and admitted their necessity. The Government; can got the loan of £250,000 from the bankB, at a fair rato of interest, by lodging £300,000 worth of debentures as secu- rity, and the proposal is under consideration. They havo definitely resolved not to prosecuto tho Bcbome for connecting the exhibition with the metropolitan stations by means of a railway. The Argus this morning, in an article of too patronising a tendency to bo plettBant, approves of the Queenslander project for a railway from Roma to Port Darwin, though it objects to tho term " trans-continental." It would sanction the alienation of land necessary for the purpose, and in conclusion says :-" Without accepting the whole of tho advantages bo glowingly depicted as realisable at any early date, we still think that a sufficiently strong case is established to merit the serious consideration of the Legisla- ture, and we shall watch with interest tho Bteps that may be taken to carry out a. project so important not alone to Queensland, but to the whole Australian Dominion." The adage that the receiver is aa bad as the thief received practical exemplification last week in the person of Martin Weiberg, the Avoca gold robber. The jury came into court, and the foreman began, " We find tho prisoner Weiberg not guilty-" There was some applause in court, and the Chiof JuHtico looked horrified till the juror continued-" on tho firBt count" namely, of stealing, "but guilty on the second" -namely, receiving. His Honor smiled, and said grimly, " Well, gentlemen, if you deaired by your verdict to shorten tho prisoner's term of imprisonment you adopted the wrong method, for while tho theft is only punishable by five years' incarceration, the sentence for recoiving may be extended to ten." His Honor paaaed a sentenco of five years, and Weiberg has gone to Pentridge, and is in the much-dreaded A division. Pearce, who tried to assist him to escape, received a sentence of one year. , There is a pretty row going on between the Council of. the University and the examiners about the rejection of a Mr. M'Dougal, a law Btudent, by the latter body. The rejected can- didate appealed to the council, who gavo Mr. M'Dougal the necessary certificate over the heads of the examiners, who now' appeal to the Press and public' for a verdict against this Bumtnnry proceeding. Tho examiners claim to have based their " plucking" of Mr. M'Dougal simply upon his inefficiency. We have had a series of swindles by means of passing valueless cheques upon confiding trades- men. One in particular, by a Dr. Bonnefin, was ingenious though old. He engaged a house in St. Kilda, paid a trifling deposit on a quarter's rent, and then sallied forth on a raid, Jewellers, not' satisfied with his representations, sent tho goods he ordered to his house by an assistant, who delivered them into the hands of the doctor upon soeing the establishment, nn item of which -and the priucipal one-was a huge brass door plato. The doctor then proceeded in company with a woman to pawn the things. Ho has not been taken, of course, Several other chevaliers d'industrie have been pursuing their calling with uot such good success. It is said that these gentry are new arrivals, attracted hero by the forthcoming exhibition, and if that bo the case these " woild fairs " are not without their uso ns somo peoplo allego. Tho lists of burglaries, robberies, assaults, and suspicious finding of bodies in the papors are apalling. The discovery of two more bodies ia reported this morniug, one of them at least having been robbod. Although death is certified to bo from natural causes I cannot help thinking that the infamous " Baud bag " is in use. This deadly weapon is an eol skin filled with sand. A blow from it kills aud leaves no mark. A per- sonal friend of mine, a gentlemnn lately arrived, was taking a walk before diunor in ono of our widest thoroughfares. Ho was quito sober, in fact does not drink at all. Suddenly he was stunned by a blow, and when he recovered his jowollery was gone. Since tho affair hohas beon under medical treatmont, and will in all proba- bility suffer for yonrs, Tho Provincial and Suburban Bank is to bo wound up, the liquidators being Messrs. Jacomb, Halfroy, and Cohen, who aro to receive all moneys and act as ordiunry assignees on behalf of the creditors. No Melbourne letter ia complote without somo reforonco to tho Kollys. Misa Kate lins ! agaiu honored tho metropolis with her presonco, and is oven now, it is said, stopping at an hotel in Swanston-Btrcot. Nothing is heard of the outlaws, and thero is a practical diabandmont of tho capture force. Captniu Moonlight was discharged from cus- tody, the Williamstown Battery attompted re leaso turning out to bo a situplo meeting be- tween Moonlight nnd ono of tho prisoners working thoro in open day and on tho public road. The gallant captain proposes now to lecturo again and stnrt a paper to bo called tho Vindicator. Tho witnesses in tho Batos coso relievo him for any suspicion of having been the man who followed Mr. Bates. Dr. Neild lins written to Mrs. Bates and states that his evidonco was wrongly reported. Ho gives it as his professional opinion that her hus- band might have lived for many years but for tho treatmont ho received that night, and beliovoB that the law would hold any mnu guilty of murder who inflicted the injuries ho found on the body. Ab you aro likely to havo au unemployed scare, it will be as well to watch tho means adopted here to relievo distress. A freo labor offico ; some united attompt by hoads of depart- ments to give work in the most prossing canes ; public performances iu aid of a roliof fund ; and a general effort by municipalities and other employers of labor to furnish employment, meet tho ill pretty effectually. As I write I loam that one of the unemployed has found a solution of tho difficulty by deli- berately shooting and killing the principal who dispensed with his services. A mau named Lawrouco, an employé on tho Gippsland Rail- way, on being discharged by Mr. Finlayson, tho genoral traffic mauagor, shot him. The unfor- tunate gentleman only lingored a few minutes and expired. Lawrouco was immediately arrested. Thoro are no further particulars yet to hand. The Academy of Music and Victoria Arcade were sold to-day by auction, and realised £30,500, the purchaser being a Mr. D. Cooper. This clears the first mortgage only, and the credi- tors, it is said, will not get a shilling. Some adjacent property, part of the theatre, was sold for £3400. It remains now to be seen where the £93,000 declared assets are, and in all probability some rough questions will be asked of Mr. Aarons. There was a very large attendance, but few bidders. There is no probability of the sale being anything but an attempt to ascertain the market value of the property. Tho National Bank is suing in Parliament by means of a private bill for a ronownl of its charter. Tho second reading will bo strongly opposed on tho ground that tho bank ought to bo content with registration under the Com- panies' Statute Act. Amusements.-Tho Princcss'B is still closed and the subject of litigation betweon tho proprietary and Mr. Bnylcss. Mr. Dumpier opened nt tho Royal on Saturday to a fino house. " Pinuforu" has givou placo to tho " Sorcerer" at tho Acadomy. Tho Loudon Comedy Compnny is doing woll at tho Opera House. Mr. Williamson will sue all tho peoplo who have played "Pina foro," on his nrrival. Profossor Popper is a financial failure. His entertainment consists o elementary scientific experiments, tho ghost ¡Hu BJona-which havo boon as well dime hore boforo -aud some dissolving views. Still, it is gratify- ing to lenrn that ho draws £150 a week from the speculators who brought him out. 