PUBLIC OPINION. Under tho ntiovo title wo purpose affording an opportunity for writers to give expression to their views ou such sub jects as ore of general interest. The utmost freedom of discussion will . tic given, but \vc do nut hold OHrselves responsible for the opinion; expressed. . THE .GREAT REFORMATION. Av hut the Pupal party of ecclcsmstico-politieal propagandists are pleased to call the " Great Ajios- taey" may with more truth and propriety be called the " Great Reformation." Tlte inaiu point of the improvement which has been effected is the exclu sion of these ecclesiastics from political place, pay, and power, and the abolition of State-aid for the teaching oE creeds aud catechisms. In regard to' public primary school education, this reforfnation consists in tlie exclusion of all dogmatic theology from the curriculum of subjects taught by the schoolmaster, and m'liieli would be bolter loft out altogether, as the visiting theological teachers pro duce more confusion, discord, and waste of time than their services can possibly lie worth to the cause of true religion. Although our public schools itrrt licit. Knnhitt 4 'lthi-ilto tli/»f. nvn 4<itlm1w« rlirtc. I tian, in their having the substance of Biblical teaching in their Scripture lesson-liooks and exten sive Christian doctrine instruction scattered through the reading-books. Our present public school system is the result of a thirty years' war be tween the civil power and tlte ecelesiastici9in chiefly of lite Papal sect of Catholic Christianity. And now the audacious proposal is made, that our legislators, wlto have been struggling for the welfare I of the entire community in litis respect for such a long period, should undo t he m-ltnle m-ork oE this thirty years' war, aud, by Act of Parliament, establish a public I system of disconlnnLtheologionl sects on a worse plan than has ever before been known in the colony. We may see what we shall give up ill such a ease, by considering that our present system of public schools is — 1. Consistent witli the "full revelation of Jestts Christ" as made known in ihe Gospels and Auostolie writings, which the pro- mulgators uf the pastoral letters say they, as Christians, are bound to tench ; and u-hicli, m-o may be sure, our public school teachers are lietler able to give instruction in than any l'upnl priest. 2\. This system is efficient, aud succeeds where sectional systems, such as that proposed by those Romish ecclesiastics, are sure to fail, as has been proved in this colony and throughout the civilized world. m-bere the priesthood have had the control of public education. 3. It respects the rights of conscience, m-hich a sectarian system would not ; perhaps in some cases could not. 4. It is just in its bearing, because it affords equal advantages to all alike by menus of the public purse, without the clashing of rival interests of a sectional character. 5\. It affords similar means of instruction under properly qualified teachers in nil parts of the country, aiul can thus train the best intellects in all the land without local or sectarian prejudice. G. It is economical, because where I a national system exists education is given cheaply ; whereas, where only a sectarian system is found education is costly as m-eil as inefficient. 7\. It is reasonable, because it recognizes and im proves all the' natural gifts of the Heavenly Father, some of which are likely to be virtually, if not u-il- fully, rejected or neglected by those "m-ho, in struggling io constrain men to approach Him under their guidance, prevent a large number from approaching Him at all, or studying ilis u-orks or truth, by combining the intelligence of the people on the points of union and consent, rather than re pelling them liy stress upon contested dogmas ; aud thus, liy presenting truth in due proportions to all, it prepares that frame of mind u-hieh is fittest for the reception of religion and the study of nature. '.). It is elmritable, because " it seeks not its own," hut advocates general benefits for the vast majority of the people. 10. It is liouast, because as regards .State endeavours it does not repudiate but accepts a plain duty to instruct; nnd it thus precludes that vicious competition which dissipates huge means in ineffectual labours, and which, having its life in contention, necessitates tho selection of teachers of particular tenets, and defies the super- I vision of single-minded inspection on bclmif of (lie public. These and many other reasons may bo seen in Air. Kusden's work on "National Educa tion" (Aiclbouruo, 1853), for consideration by our legislators before they consent to give up, on the "stand and deliver" style of command hy Italian ecclesiastics, the fruits of educational legislation during the years since 18-18. These men claim a right to teach from tiie words of oar Lord, when lie said, "Go ye therefore ami leaclt all nations, baptizing them unto tlte name of the Father, aud of the .Son, and of flic Holy Ghost." (Aiatt. xxviii. 1!).) But surely this command had no reference to primary school instruction ; indeed, it is By no means evident tiie main object of tiie (Ileal Reformation of the nineteenth century to dispense M-ith the services of the priesthood, as an anachronism, and to elevate the evangelists to the spiritual oversight of the churches of Christ, Our childi-pii in the public schools have the Gospel of. the grace of God in their hands, nnd they are taught to read, and under stand u-hnt they read. This is the sum and sub stance of the Bible ; and " the Papal, the material, the intellectual forces maydush themselves against this" as fiercely as t hoy like, they will only injure themselves. It is all very M-ell for these eccle siastics to cry out against secularism ; but let tliem not include our public schools in tiie category of secularist institutions, it is but. slander and defamation to sneak of these places of instruction as places of " Godless education," and" calculated to saji the foundations of Christianity," whatever may be their effect on Papalism. ANGLICAN US CATHOLICUS. 