Amusements. , Tha Theatre Royal waB fairly attended last night, Vhen the drama 'Sentenced to Death' was re peated. The leading characters wore well sustained, and the audience testified their approval of the man ner in which the piece was played by hearty applause at the close of each act. To-night, the occasion of Mi6s Myra, Kemble's fir6t benefit in Sydney, the great American comic drama ' Saratoga,' will bo produced, the beneficiare sustaining tho roll of Effie JJemirigton, Mr. Vincent that of Robert Sackett, and Mr. B. N. Joucb as tho Hon. Wm. Carter. His Excellency the Governor has given his nafcronace. as also various foreiE-n commis Eioners, and the Mayor of Sydney. Saratoga, is a favourite piece amongst Sydney theatregoers, and as it will be placed on the stags in tbe usual liberal stylo that characterises the management of iho Royal, a great success may be confidently an ticipated. 'After Dark' is still retained at the Victoria Theatre. Mr. Emory and Miss Watt-Tanner are ap plauded nightly for their highly artistic acting in the roles of Old Tom and Eliza respectively. Mr. Emcr j's benefit is announced for Friday night, and as Miss Dargon's assistance is to be given, it cannot be other wise than a success. 'The Governor' was witnessed by alarge audience at the Queen's Theatre last evening, and Messrs. Baker's and Farron's songs were well received. The JIaories lately, arrived have been engaged by these enterprising gentlemen, and on Saturday night ?will make their first appearance. They aro all *' big' people in New Zealand, who, wishing to saq tho Exhibition, and mating tho trip as profitable as ?possible, formed themselves into a company to ex hibit some of tho native war-dances and customs. Professor Pepper's locluro was largely attended 3ast night, at the School of Arts. One must see this entertainment to appreciate it. Tke ghost illusioKs, end the comic scena, 'The Artist's Drsaui,' are very wonderful, whilst the lecture is itself mo3t in structive and entertaining. ' There is no diminution in tho attendance at the Guild Hall. Mr. Simonson has succeeded in collect ing a first-rate company of artists, and their reper toire seems unfailing. Tho Vaidis sisters came in for lond applause for their uow feats on the trapeze, and Miss Lottie Elliott's skipping rope performance was most enthusiastically received. The now pro gramme will be repeated to-mgiit. The Australian Cirous is still playing at the Hay mHrket to fair attendances. The daring horse riding oots create astonishment, and the downs, by ihoir absurdities, great amusement. ' The death of the Princo Imperial is quite a sensational act; the iiorco Zulus, with Cetewayo in command, look very roal and savage. The programme will be repeated. Mr. Williamson and Mrs. Williamson (Magffio Moore) arrived in Sydney on Monday last, a»d will make their appearance on Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal, in 'Struck Oil.' Mb. H. Gordon Goocu'k Concert. — Thisevening our talented townsman, Mr. H. G. Gooch, will give, at tho Protestant Hall his first concert since his return from England, where he has been pursuing his studies and following: his professional career under the guidance of the professors of tho Eoyal Academy of Music, of which institute he was elected un associate, receiving several medals as the rewards of close application to study. 