TOWN TALK. We learn that the medical supervision of the Geelong Industrial School children—of whom there will he about 200—will be given to Dr. Scott, the Resident Surgeon of the Hospital. We do not know upon what terms the office will be held, hut Dr. Mackin had formerly, we believe, about £400 per annum as medical officer of the Industrial Schools here. If this appointment is to be held in connection with that of Besident Surgeon cf the Hospital, it is to be feared that the inte rests of the. adult patients in the latter in stitution will suffer considerably. We understand that the Town Council have been sorely tempted in the matter of the public gardens by an offer of £500 per annum for the lease of them, the proposed lessee undertaking to keep the grounds in order and afford the public all the facilities that are at present enjoyed. The entries for the three days' racing of the Autumn Meeting of the Victorian Racing Club are published in another column. It will be' seen,that the great majority of the events have filled exceedingly well, and that, if the acceptances compare favorably with the nominations, some grand contests, in which the best strains of blood in the colonics will be engaged, will take place next month. Matters with reference to church building in the Bellapne parish appear, to be im. proving. The" old church built during Arch deacon Crawford's time has been pulled down, and the material is being used up as far as possible in the work of reconstruction, and a neat little church will soon be ready for the parishioners to worship in. It is also intended to proceed with,the building of a church at Portarlington. It*is to" be hoped that when both churches are built the pre sent clergyman, the Bev. Mr Turnbull, will be induced to remain. At present, we learn," there are doubts as to his inclination to re main there permanently. If he were to leave, writes a correspondent, the Church of England would sustain a severe loss, .for, as a .preacher, the rev. gentleman is undoubt edly superior to many of the Episcopal clergy occupying more important pulpits. The living is not at present anything like what it should be, and to retain Mr Turnbull the parishioners will have to bestir them selves. ■ At the-annual meeting of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade, held last evening, Mr A; Christey was re-elected captain for' the ensuing year.' - A seafaring man who visited Geelong for a few days, managed to leave a couple of the residents in this town in a state of lamenta tion when he departed. During his short sojourn here he induced a confiding tailor in one of the principal streets to "take his measure" for. a suit of clothes, and to fur nish him with two shirts, two collars, a couple of pairs of socks, and a Bcarf. -»The old salt, being in a hurry, did not wait for the new suit, hut borrowed £1 from the landlady of a hotel, took a-couple of her friends to Melbourne on a holiday trip, and left them directly he,got to the metropolis. The only accident attended to at the Hos pital yesterday was the dressing of the left hand of a child named Jennie Morris, who received the injury by getting ' the hand jammed in a doorway. A boy named Thomas Clarke, aged eight years, was arrested in • Moorabool- street abont 11 o'clock last night by Constable White, on a charge of being a neglected child. The yonngstcr arrived by the steamer from Melbourne early in the evening, and not having any place to stop at, the police took charge of him. Clarke stated that his father caused him to run away from home by beating him. •» The weather yesterday was anything but pleasant. The heat in the morning was almost unbearable, but towards the after noon, when the wind veered to the west ward, the atmosphere became cooler. At half-past one o'clock 'a fearful dust storm swept over the town, and for a time objects1 conlcl not. be. made out 10 3*ards away. A few drops of rain fell when the sky became overclouded, but there was nob sufficient rain to even wet the dust. -During the storm the flags arid signs in front of the drapers'shops were severely tried, and one porfciou of Messrs Bright and. Hitcbcocks'. shop was carried awajv The Mayor attended at the I'olice Court yesterday morning, aud granted a renewal of a pawnbrokers license to Oscar Brandt, of Kardinia-street. There -were no cases on the po2ice or civil causes list. A lecture was delivered last evening in the Fen wick-street Baptist Church by MrB. Gil iiugham, who took forhissubjecfc, "TheBook of Daniel." There was a fair * congregation present, and the lecturer was listened to with marked attention.* The beauties of the hook were dwelt upon, and the many moral" lessons to be derived from its teach ings were fittingly pointed out. and illus trated. At the close of the lecture a col- I lection was made, ' with a very favoraV# result. \ A service of sacred'song, entitled u.Im manuel," took place at the Ashby Wesle^'an Church' last night. The connective readings were given by the Rev. J. 0. Dodgson, from appropriate parts of the Gospel of St. John, and they'agreeably served, to,diversify the entertainment. The. musical part of the programme—consisting of hymns, anthems, aud chants—was contributed in an efficient and well-trained manner by a choir com posed of about 100 singers from the Sunday school and church. Mr R. S. • Orr was the j conductor, and Miss M. Trembling played throughout the evening on the cabinet orgau belonging to the church.: The building was completely filled, there not being a vacant seat, and the object for which the service was given—viz., the Sunday-school library will be benefited to no inconsiderable extent. The very pretty interior of the building was | rendered more attractive by the arrange ments which had been carried out. A gal lery had been erected - at the end of the church, and on this were seated the singers, the lady portion thereof being dressed in white. - Above their heads, snspended from the groined arches, was a long festoon oi evergreens aud flowers, ornamented at both ends and in .the middle with three gaily colored floral wreaths; while on the wall the name "Immauuel," worked in old Eng lish letters, the colors being blue and white, added to the attractiveness of the decora tions. - Gately, the hangman, was arrested in Boarke-street on Wednesday night on a charge of insulting conduct, and so violent did he become that it-required four con stables to take him to the lockup, where he | tried to bite and kick them. - ' Since the opening of the line to Wah gunyah, upwards of 200 tons of wheat have | been forwarded from the Entherglen station alone. * We notiee that the date of St. Peter's School excursion to Geelong coincides with j that of the Geelong swimming matches. This will afford members of our local swim ming club (writes the Courier), and others interested in swimming matches, a cheap trip to attend the same. An Argus Brisbane telegram-, dated Wed nesday, states that instructions have been sent to the Agent General to stop all emi gration from the Continent, aud to reduce that from England by one-third. • We also learn from the same source that reports- have been received from Blackall that four men have been murdered by the blacks at the Bourke River Camp, belonging to Mr Beckett. The cattle and otlior property were carried off. Mr It. Xi. Van den Houten, the well known artist, who died on Monday last, at the age of seventy-eight years, was buried in the St. Kilda Cemetery on Wednesday. Mr Van den Houten was an enthusiastic, supporter of art in Victoria, and to a great extent the establishment of the Academy "of Arts was due to his exertions. As an artist in.- oils, and in the depiction of scenery peculiar to the colony, he was particularly successful. , - The following memorandum,"received on Wednesday by the Postmaster-General, South Australia, from the statiunmaster at Katherine Waters, shows the difficulties aud dangers that have to be encountered on the overland telegraph line during the rainy sea sou "I have found the wire, which was brought down by snags and submerged in a flooded creek, a mile and a quarter wide. Swam across and got it clear, and as the waters are now falling, hope to, reach the fault north of this (Katherine Waters) this afternoon." . ' " ' An Age telegram -from Adelaide, dated 19th February, states that the Agent General of South Australia informs the Government that a jute manufacturer in Melbourne, has sent a communication to Scotland, which has been published in Dundee papers, stating that he could give employment to a large number of spinners, and advising them to come to Victoria by way of .Adelaide or Sydney as free immi -grants. The Agent-General has written to the Dundee papers in explanation. We learn from the Courier that a disas trous fire occurred at Windermere, on Wed nesda3% caused by sparks falling from the j engine of the morning train from Ararat to Ballarat. About 1000 acres of rye-grass, occupying several paddocks, the property of | Mr S. Dean, were burnt bare, aud a large stack of hay was destroyed. The fire burnt on close, up to the Half-way House, and came within 100 yards of Mr Rea's stack yard, in which were eight or nine stacks. A number of men from a threshing machine ■ succeeded in beating back the flames. A paddock at the back of the common be longing to Mr B. - Hepburn, was also burnt bare. An inquest was held on Wednesday at the | Melbourne Morgue on the body of the sea man known as Lowe, hut whose real name | was Rudolph Law, who was' killed on hoard | the Alert at the Queen's wharf, Melbourne, on Tuesday. Evidence was given to the | effect that while a log of timber was being lifted off-the wharf-by means of a-crane, the chain-slings parted, and the log fell on de ceased, causing-instantaneous death. The chain was anew one, and had been obtained for that work. The jury returned a verdict ] of accidental death. The Courier complains of the conduct of some of the Geelong excursionists who visited the Ballarat Botanical Gardens on Wednesday. Some' of the youths in the train on; the return journey, having pre viously armed themselves with stones, as sailed th'o" gatekeeper at the ilftcarthur street crossing, one of the .missiles striking him on the eye, and others going through the windowB of his cottage. This occur rence is much to be regretted (remarks our contemporary), for, as the matter now stands, considerable opprobrium must rest upon the company of pilgrims which visited Ballarat from the staid town of-Geelong." Another fatal, accident happened (tele graphs the Stawell correspondent of the Age) on Tuesday night on the Stawell and Hor sham' .Railway. , About 11 o'clock four men in charge of . a ganger were propelling a trolly, loaded with sleepers, towards Murtoa, when the contractor's engine from Murtoa collided with them, and threw the trolly off the line. William Lewis, a married-man with several children, had both legs injured so that amputation was necessary, but lie; died at the Hospital two hours ■ after the operation had been performed. ^Another 'man named 'Bradycoft, who has a wife and a large family; was severely injured in the pelviB, and it is. thought he will die. One other' man was slightly injured, and the others apparently were thrown off the line. 'I he men think there was no light on the engine, or they would, have seen its-ap proach. -; The exhibition of wool at Messrs Hastings, Cunningham and Co.'s warehouse closed on Tuesday, and the exhibits weresold on Wed nesday, Air G. Bobinson being the auc tioneer. The attendance was very large, and the prices realised far exceeded those that were expected by the vendors. Compe tition was brisk, tbe bidders no doubt betug iufloenced by a desire to purchase, at any cost, such superior samples of wool as.were exhibited. In some instances the intrinsic Value of the wool did not actually amount to more than a tliird of the money paid for it. An exhibit of Sir Samuel Wilson's fetched the highest price amongst the washed lots, realising 4a 6id per lb, and Mr Cuinming, of Jvew So'ath Wales, obtained the highest value for greasy, viz., 2s per lb. Mr Woods paid a visit to the Lignite Company's Works during the early portion "of the week, and is about (reports the Age) .to'try a few tons of lignite as fuel for loco motives. He has been assured that the ad mixture of lignite with ordinary coal pre sents the formation of clinkers, because the lignite destroys the adhesive portion of the residue of coal that goes to form cliukers. Mr Wood is of opinion that for domestic purposes lignite is euperior to and cheaper than ordinary coal. Its price ranges from 16s to per ton.. The company have a seam of lignite 120 -feet - thick,- and the i Minister of B^ilways thinks that the xn dustry is well worth developing He sta^ that he had the lignite su mi .,referable test, and declares that x wouRI l)e prcfejrt to use it rather than coal as fuel Courier that in the .last-mentioned place j u ~ith the Kellys xs not only expressed by some loose characters j there but boasted io, as though such sen Sent were meritorious. The gentleman j ,, ... ,,.lien in a hotel at DeuiUqum a ; s^S:V and demanded a drmk, and that the hotelkeeper demurred gxixug him one. The swagman then said, _X°n need not he afraid, I can pay you ; In Kellvite. and we've plenty of money, at the "same time pulling out some notes. xn cluding oneforfSon a Hew-South \\\ale bank. He-got thednnkthcn.andthe gentleman said to him, " You ought to be j ashamed to say that yon, have anything to do with those fellows" The swagman then renlicd " Look here, you'd better be <1— carUoryouwon'tgoo^ofDeniliqmn alive ; there's plenty more of us here. Our ] informant then went through the town, and found from eight to ten fellows of a similar stamp drinking and showing money, and openly avowing that they had been to Jerilderie, and had obtained the unwonted amount of cash they possessed from the "Kellys- This state of affairs does not look well and it would appear that so long as the outlaws have plenty of money there is not much hope of their being captured. - The following incident (remarks the Age) may serve to reveal in which class of society it is necessary to search for the persons who are responsible for the insulting joke that | was recently threatened to he perpetrated m connection with the embassy. A. day or two j since, Henderson Africanus applied to the President of the Board of Commissioners for the International Exhibition for a couple of I tickets of" admission to Wednesday's cere mony. He brought a letter from Mr R. Murray Smith, M.L.A.", which stated that the writer would be obliged if the Secretary could "give Mr Henderson a couple of j tickets." The Secretary declined to accede j to the request, on the ground that all the | tickets available had been disposed of. Yet. strange to say, Mr Henderson Africanus | made bis appearance on the ground. Whe ther hi3 ticket bore his own or some other I name has not yet been ascertained. D'Arcy Read's Ghost entertainment was again produced at the Mechanics' Institute j last evening, in the presence of a tolerably j large audience. "Temptation," "The Christy Minstrels," and " The Haunted House," were the pieces presented, and they evidently had lost none of their 1 popularity to judge by the applause with which they were greeted. It is announced that this aud to-morrow evenings conclude tile ghosts' stay in Geelong, and that a performance will bo civeii to-morrow after noon for the benefit of children. A new bketcli entitled " Phantasm " will he pro duced, together with those which have be come so popular with the public. "We direct attention to the fact that to-da is the last day f< >r paying subscriptions for tk present year to the London Art Union. In local'aeent is Mr Henry Franks. ^ t A public meeting of sympathisers m X asvti Cliiniquy's mission work will be held joes Tuesday evening iu the Young Men's Chiisfcta Association Rooms. . , We are requested to intimate that tn Matriculation and Civil Service classes latel established at the Mechanics* Institute h Messrs Francis and Angwin, will be resume this evening under the tuition of Messrs W. C Pbilpot and J. O. Thomas, of the Geelon Grammar SehooL The Secretary of the Geelong Hospital beg to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of fil 3s lid, amount collected from the employes c Messrs Tophnm. Angus and Smith. 