JfELBOü'íiN£. (FEO!! OUR OWN CORBESrOXDENT.) Saturday, 12th Jul The proceedings this week in the Legislative Assembly afford bat little promise of a rapid despatch of business, but it is not at all im pruluble that the Government, with the aid ot a majority of the House, will very shortly take 5: p> to cheek the course of any ho», members « may render themselves offensive by pur poseless waste of the public time. Whether atriugent steps of this kind are taken or not, it is certain that the Government will push on the linancial business of the session as fast as pos sible, while, with reference to subsequent legis lation, it is probable that one of the lirst measures dealt with will be the Electoral Reform Bill abolishing plural voting, to be closely followed by the Bill for the Amendment of the Constitution, which latter will—so far as questions of general interest aro concerned—most likely prove the ullii:M TJtulc of legislation in Victoria for soma considerable time to como. People here, in fact, wh;i profess to know something of the movements behind the scenes of Government assert, witii .1 good deal of confidence, that in the very probable event of a rejection of the Constitutional Reform Bill by the Legislative Council, the Assembly will at once be dissolved in order that the sense of the country may be taken on the question with the least possible delay; this course being regarded as an indis pensable step towards obtaining the sanction of the Imperial Government- to the proposed mea sure if a reference of our political difficulty to Great Britain should again bo considered neces sary. The adjourned inquiry into certain charges against .Mr. Alfred Leahy, of Sheppartou, late authorised surveyor of that district, and relative to a number of suspected cases of dummyism in tho interest of that gentlemau, was proceeded with to-day before Mr. Black, assistant sur veyor-general, at the Lands Department. Mr. J. 1.1. amith and Mr. Morrell appeared for the Crown, and Mr. Hector M'Donald, of the firm of Lynch and Co., of thi3 city, for Mr. Leahy, who also was present. Mr. Black stated that since the adjournment of the board at Sheppartou, on the 3rd instant, he had received three statutory declarations from Messrs. Leahy, Dickinson, and Sides respectively, which he would read. Mr. Smith, however, ob jected to such a course of procedure, on the grounds—first, that he would be unable to cross examine the declarants, and secondly, because the cases in connection with the alleged land frauds were closed at Shepparton. Mr. M 'Donald, OB the other hand, contended that his client had a perfect right to put iu the declarations in order to enlighten the board: as to any new facts. Mr. Black decided not to receive the declarations as evi dence, but to hold thera over until the oeuerai charge» were dealt with. It was then arranged that Mr. Leahy's reply and the evidence in°its support should be heard at Shepparton on the -~ud instant, on the understanding that Mr. Leahy should pay all the necessary expenses for witnesses, etc., and the board was adjourned to that place and time aecorditiglv. The Carlton and Melbourne football teams showed themselves to be pretty well matched this afternoon by kicking one goal each, Melbourne, however, had somewhat the best of the game, and were so many behinds counted as equivalent to a goal they would probably have won the match. ^Notwithstanding that the air Was cold and the ground damp there were five or six thousand spectators present. I am glad to be able to inform you that the performance at the Royal this afternoon, in aid of Mrs. Bates and her children, attracted a crowded house. An important question has been brought under the notice of the Government in relation to the judicial duties of those electoral regis trars who are also justices of the peace. It ap pears that a gentleman holding that duplicate position is anxious to ascertain whether in the absenco of a brother magistrate he can sit upon tno bencn on the holding of an Electoral Re vision Court, and has applied to the Govern ment for enlightenment on the subject. It is somewhat singular that, almost simultaneously with the raising of this point in Victoria, what is virtually the same question has been brought before the Legislativa Assembly of Queensland, one of the members of that body having moved tor a report 011 the case of a collector of electoral lists who sat to adjudicate in a Revision Court. I understand that there is no doubt on the part of the Government of this colony as to the ille gality of such a course, it being held that it would invalidate the whole proceedings of the Revision Court in which it occurred. Iu the Insolvent Court to-day Mr. Patrick M'Donald, of Geeloug, merchant, was further examined at considerable length. The insol vent admitted tnat certain house property which he held at Deniliquin, worth about £700, was omitted from his schedule, and the general tenor of his evidauce went to show a rery loose method of account-keeping in reference to his affairs in general. Work it the Exhibition building continues to proceed as rapidly as it has done since the day when Mr. Mitchell commenced his gigantic undertaking. At the eastern half of the build ing, which is the most adranced portion, tho plastering of the walls is almost finished, and the ratters have been hoisted into position Where the dome is to be there are erected huge beams which appear to be some of the appliances for raising the material rather than any portion of this important part of the work. The labors ot the gardeners have resulted in some well executed pieces of ornamental work, not far Irom the grand entrance, but the gardens cene a State of transition, and the path leading from Fitzroy to Carlton, one of the few which the public are allowed to use, is since the present rain an almost impassable quag mire, worse eren than the streets of Melbourne and that is saying a good deal. ' From the outline which Professor Pepper gave last night of the wondtrlul things which he proposes to show us in the scientific way I should imagine that a great treat, of a kind which has been too rare here, is in store for the community. Ghosts which appear and disap pear as mysteriously as any lover of the marvel lous could wish, and are not afraid to descend lrom the stage and come to close quarters with the audience, should iu themselves prove an uu tailing source ot attraction from their noveltv. out according to tho Professor's lecture these airy beings form only part of a series of wou ders, to produce which he has provided himself with Uve waggon loads of apparatus. That our judges hava their hands pretty full 1 of work just now is evident from a conversation which occurred between the Chief Justice and Mr. Billing, Q.C., on the opeuing of the Full Court this morning. Mr. Billing applied to his ^ }' judSe on the bench, to allow the further hearing of the case of Younc v. the Ballarat W ater Commissioners to stand "f1 M°adaJ- t His Honor replied that he i'hh ^nrT a°.¿ede t0 the ^¡¡cation W1'h such arrears of business and the Criminal and Circuit Courts coming on. Under ordinary circumstances he would have had no hesUatfon h(f^n g - adJ°"nment, but he thought, as things were situated, it was the duty of the court t° P»3h on with business as much as poS! Lh Bllln?e. who appeared very muchdis t0 c°nt"lue h« arguments at what he called the critical part of the case before a single thp8,,6' ?r?"fd '"3 application, and hinted that there mignt be a doubt as to the jurisdiction of a said h?^ of,unNudSe- The Chief Justice said he had no doubt on this subject, and Mr Billing, finding that his Honor would not civ¿ ofI Procee^'.'[ ^'ith his arguments. The acquisition by purchase of Delagoa Bay ill prove a great source of security to British South Africa, teince its cession to Portugal,under French arbitration, a few years ago, it has been at once a channel tor the conveyance of arms to the Zulus, and a constant temptation to the am bitious leaders of tho discontented Boers to in trigue in Lisbon and the Hague for the forma tion of a guasi-independent state, including the Transvaal and the Bay, under 1 ¡«;», to ¿ gnese and Dutch protectorate. The purchase will at once remove what threatened to b<\- the most permanent obstacle iu the much-to hi desired South African Federation. irom all I hear, the new Fishmongers' Com pany bids fair to prove a creit V Billingsgate," ia which the fish hawkers,1 whose employment ia all but gone, and the generally fishy hangers-on nt the market. Tens their bitter feelings with regard to the new undertaking. These gentry, Whose maxim it was to sell the minimum of fish ou terms which brought a maximum of caah, and then retire from busi ness for the day, regardless of the convenience of their customers, feel deeply hurt that their trade should be rudely invaded by a company which aims at cheaply aad regularly supplying the large class of private customers which had hitherto been at their mercy. 