'GHOST-STORIES UNVEILED.' ' Now lot 1110 toll the story of our "family ghost,'.' '- said-Miss B — — . ' Suoh a useful,: faith ful, devoted spirit as it was ! A11 Irish ghost ; but not a bahslico, riioro like a " dolibato Ariel" ov liouseliold.fairy. I only : fear its race is, ex/ tinct now, as well as that of tho invaluable ser vants who used to idontify thomsolvcs with their master's family. Our ghost was boforo my time ; but often and often have I heard my grand mother talk of it, and what a mystory it was. Tho housohold was large and varied, . consisting of tho old couple, some grown-up ones, one' of tliom married, an orplian nieco, and two ov thrco young children in tho nursery. Thoro wero 110 railways in those days, and when any of tlio family intended going to the county town, tlioy had to bo up at dawn of day, take a solitary broalcfast, and set out on what was -'then- a- for midable expedition. Of course tiio affair used to bo discussed in the family the evening before, commissions given, and tho timo of starting fixed oil:, And now conies the strailgfe part /of iiiy story. Whether tlio servants were up in good timo or not, the fire was always lighted, tho kettle boiling, and broakfast ready at tho ap pointed; timo ! - The clothes which came from tho wash wero found carefully sorted out and apportioned to their respective owners ; none could toll by whom. If a firo wero required in tlio nursery, it was kopt up by invisible hands. Nurse was a hdavy sleeper ; but ho liiattbr ; hor deficiencies wore supplied by tho obliging ond mdofatigablo ghost. Nurse used to find as bnglit- a fire in tho morning ns she had left at night, tho turf -baskoto replenished, and all as .neat and orderly as hands could mako it. To get out tho breakfast things, .my grandmother's toys must have boon taken from her room, hut by whom 110 0110 could tell. . " Leave the koy-baskot 111 my room," said a visitor tho night before ho loft. " lam a .light sleeper, aiid if the ghost comes to get my break fast, I shall know it 1 " ' Towards daybreak lie heard tlio keys tinkle, and instantly threw a dagger, winch ho had hidden under ins pillow, to the spot whence tho sound proceeded. Iu tho morning tlio dagger was found stuck into tho door, but 110 clue to tlio mysterious visitor could bo found. ' At last my grandmother determined that tho mystory should be solved, whatever it might be, and alio propared to. sit np/n h'eV room all-night; listening for tlio faintest sound. F.or q long timo all was still ; and my grandmother was beginning to fear that her long watcli through the winter's night was only wasting her strength in vain, when at last, somewhere in tho small-hours, she heard a slight tlitid upon the stairs. Instantly seizing her -candle, alio -rushed out, just 111 time to seo a slender figure in white, carrying a basket of turf on its arm. Tho fall of a sod from tlio fuel-basket was the solind she had heard. My grandmothor was a brave woman, and swiftly as the (vhito figure flitted on, swiftly did she follow after, up staircases and along passages, till just as it reached the nursery door, she overtook it, and .discovered her niece walking in her sleep 1 . ' It Booms the poor girl was so anxious about the household arrangements that she used to viso in her sleep to accomplish all that she know ought to be'doiie. How her zeal nearly costlier life, through tho foolish rashness- of a young visitor, I havo'ah'oady told yoii. She was never again permitted to sleep alone. My grandmother took'her to her own bed ;' and clilsped' in her loving arms, the poor girl learned to forgot her cares, and to take the full; benefit of .. / 1 ;Tircd .Nature's sweet restorer,/ balmy ,sleep. ; ; ; 'Had not my grandmother posscssod good sense, leourago,. and' resolution; tlie storv miuht have had a very different ending.'— Chambers's Journal. Stephen Rowe, late agent at Moonta South Australia, for the Euroa steamship company, has been arrested for embezzling L200 belonging to the company. An accident occurred yesterday morning on the Gordons line of railway, which might have pro- duced serious results. .A large troo was blown down by the gales of Thursday night right across the track, completely biocking;up tho way./ For tunately, it was discovered and cleared away in ti rnfe 'for', tlio, traiii, lcayi|ig the .Gordons station, at 9\. 39. '" The various , lines are being, carefully iiir spected. throughout thoir length with a view to the prevention of similar occurrences, the cleared space prescribed' being found in somo districts to bo insufficient, owing to tho groat' heiglit occa sionally obtained by forestLrees. ' ' A single spark :drpppe'd. upon a dying ember may ravive'the inextinguishable flaino, just as a little draught of UdolI'Ho Wolfk's ScinKDVM Aromatic Schnapps/ gratefully diffusing itself throughout tho systeui; may refresh the languish ing spirits and rekindle the' fading glow of cxhaus ted vitality.1 ' A ;ilrnp of water to tbe parohed tongue may save-a'life' clsowise drying up from burping thirst. It is in timely application, and tho poteuoy.of ; tho thiiig 'admiuistorod, the; good is coDsuinmated. : /'-:' : / 1 - ! 