TAMWORTH. RpTitemberlG. Tho prosent is n most peculiar season, " For tho rain it raineth every day," clothing the most barron spots with the richest verdure. As a iavourablo season for grafting, the following will seem almost incredible. My little boy amere child-seemed a few weeks ago to have a flt for grafting. He got an old rusty razor, and wherever he found a seedling or sucker, to work he went, grafting apples, pears, plums, cherries, &o.; He says there aro up wards of 400, and on looking at them the other day, it would seem to bo difficult to lind a single one that has not taken and coming out in leaf. We had some lovely days last week, but too hot for the time of year, and rain was prognosticated truly enough. It is becoming a serious matter as to wheat on the low lands. Everything is very cheap ; tho only want is money. In tho timo of drought a man used to pass my door with loads of lucerne hay, which ho sold at £-10 per ton. Ho gcncriillv had a song upon his lips, feeling, no doubt, tho truth oï thc old adage, " It's an ill wind," &c;, He still goos by with hay, but I heard the other day he is now getting but 25s a ton. Ho does not sing now. I advise everyone to got out of his way. Thc Cor poration, I seo, are planting trees in Peel-strcct. The foot paths are now a pleasure to walk upon, whilo the streets aro lighted by lamps; and tho old public school is con verted into municipal chambers, which really look very passable. These things cost a good deal of money, but aro a great improvement upon tho old state of things, CHURCH OF ENGLAND .-To the surprise of many, tenders are at last called for the erection of the new church. It is high time ; for the Oddfellows' Hall, though crowded, is a most unsuitable place for worship. However seriously in clined a man be, pictures of half-naked females upon the walls cannot but remind him that he is in a place of amusement while service is now every Sunday evening being held in the hall. Mr. T. M. Newman (sol.) conducts the service in the church. It would be well if every clergy man read in as distinct and impressive a manner ns docs Mr. Newman. The choir having to divide in the evening, the greater part stick to the old place, so that iu singing, the hall has to come in second. We must bear with these things for a time. GUNNEDAH.-The railway opening demonstration turned out a very som- altair. Is th ero a kind of fato which denies us people up north our fair share of pleasure iu welcoming a real live Governor among us ? Certainly wo did got n glimpse of Sir Hercules Robinson at our railway opening, and then we made a real muddle of it; but the Gunnedah people seemed to lmve fared worse. I wondor what unfortunate thing will happen at the opening day at Armidale when tho line reaches that plu ce. May ho the train will break down if it carries the Governor, Our own "opening" is worth referring to once more that others may avoid the evils complained of. Instead of the first train arriving emly in the day, so that the town might have been leisurely paraded by the different societies, volunteers, &o.;, with a baud of music, so that tho chil dren may have had something to remember, imagine those SOO or 400 children standing hours in the sun with out a bun or a drink of water. Then just, before dusk, tho train rushing in, followed by ono indiscriminate rush of horsemen, vehicles, and pedestrians amidßt clouds of dust, after which two or three thousand people hurried homo. If tho picture needed ono moro black touch it received it in tho manner tho dinner was got up. Tho roasting of the ox next day passed off pretty well, but that on the company's side upon tho first day will haunt me to my dying day. It is said that those in charge of the roast ing finding it rather dry work, tried to mako things oqnol by,moistening the inner mau; but during this process the poor ox'was burnt almost to a cinder. A dozen buckets of water, however, quickly brought about a milder tempera ture, but unluckily, planted about an inch of ashes upon tho reeking beef. What wasn't burnt was law. I would rather meet a veritablcghost to-night than look again upon that dirty carcass covered with black sacks upon which old "Scotchy" leaned with his elbow quietly surveying the Beano around. Tho vory dogs attracted by the scent would give one look, lower their tails, and moke off as fast os their legs could carry them. ,, "The Bathurst Church of England school was closed to-day." So says the telegram upon which I have just cast my eyes. Hero and there we find n man who would quietly giro up the ghost were it not for tho love of notoriety. For a thing or against it is of little moment, only let his name appear among tho foremost in print. Had there been a crusade a few years ago' against the public school system, it is highly probable that foremost amongthose who would have denounced that system as most "godless" would have been the Hov. T. Smith. Who has not heard of the Church of Eugland school attached to St. Barnabas, and tho number o£ really good young men trained therein ? Is that mouthful of prayer and reading of tho scripture with which it daily commenced now deemed by tho rev. gentle man as sheer humbug ? for it seems he will bavo no moro of it, by shutting tho school door and sending tho children to the public schools. A man assured me the other day that ho remembers nothing so well ns the scripture lessons received at school in tho old country 40 years ago. Thousands can say the same thing. Is not this well, other things being equal? Why should tho Kev. Thomas give up these things so gratuitously ? What has he gained? Had I applied for the teachcrship at St. Barnabas, bow the rev. gentleman would have probed into my religious principles, and rightly so ; now he will send his littleboy to a mnn who maybe a Mahomedau,Brahmin, or Jew, so that be adheres to his programme. What is gained? It would be most impudent of me to speak even of the character of public teachers as a body j theio mny bo many good men among them. One thing, however, I will boldly assert here: The rankest and most inveterate atheist I ever met was a public teacher. My boys may well remark, that what ho said in their hearing was enough to make one's " hair stand." It is sadly to be feared that the young hopefuls turned out of his school, however clever, would, as regards religious matters, resemble the youth who, in reply to a question, "Thought he'd heard that name, Christ, before ; believed he was a boundary rider on the next run." In hundreds of places the public school is the only possible oue ; but in towns where there eau be a good denominational one uphold it to the last. There is a little- mindedness, if ono may so speak, among ministers of religion in the colony. They lenrn a certain catch word from one another. Now it is '* Down with the denomi national schools," bnnish tho Bible from them, together with the few miuntes for prayer; and when these poor children ure grown up a bit, these same ministers will drive some of thom mad by pourtrnying the horrors of hanging by a thread over tho buming pit. 