AMUSEMENTS. "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING." The performance of Shakespeare's great comedy on Friday week this hardly a success. Miss Ashton played tho somewhat disagreeable part of Beatrice, and Mr. Creswick assumed the role of Benedick. Both did well. But in " Much Ado about Nothing" there aro two couples of actors required to represent the poet's conception. Of tho two female charac ters Hero is undoubtedly the principal. Yet this was taken by a lady, who was ludicrously | unequal to the impersonation. Mr. Douglas, similarly, is quite unable to carry out the rule assigned by Shakespeare to Claudio. The leading incident of the plot is tho crimination of the young and guiltless Hero by a villain procuring the lady's-maid ser» vant to appear in her! mistress* clothes and receive a lover at the window. Clatidio, Hero'* husband elect, is made to witness her apparent perfidy, and accuses her of the supposed crime on tho ore of their mar riage. This scene should b» deeply touching. It was rendered exceedingly ladicrous by the want of power on the part of the two leading personages. The scene where Hero and Claudio again meet as bride and bridegroom was even worse; - and on the whole the parts in which these two appear as the principal performers were completely marred. Miss Ashton's sprightly impersona tion of Beatrice and Mr. Creswick's of. Benedick. served, to redeem the comcdyfrom failure. Mr. Creswick's soliloquy in the garden was a fine piece of declamation. Mr. E. Holloway was moderately good as Don Pedro, and he came in for a fair share of applause. . Mr. Welsh, as Leonaio was, as he always is, carcful and satis factory. There are in Shakespeare's works two great comic creations-Falstaff and Dogberry. The-latter was impersonated last night by Mr. Howard, and the bursts of laughter with which his every gesture and utterance was greeted testified to his success. Mr. Taylor was funny as Verges. Tho remaining characters do not call for any special notice. The costumes were for the most part striking, and in some c&3es rich, but the in&uncr; in which the comedy was placed on the stage docs not merit praise. Indeed none of the pieced presented during the present season have been done justice to in this respect. MR. CIU53W1CK IN » HAMLET." " HAMLET" attracted on Monday an audience that filled the theatre to overflowing, and until half-past eleven did tho closely packed mass listen with greedy ears to the language which Shakespeare has put into the mouths of the principal personages in this wonderful play. It was in the second act that the audience fully realised the excellence of the actor they had before them. The great soliloquy, in the third act, " To be or no^ to be/' produced an enthusiastic bur3t of cheering, and in the scene which follows with Ophelia tho acting was complete. Mr. Creswick'a reading of this Eceno differs in many respects from that of other well-known impersonators of the part. When he bids Ophelia get her to a nunnery, it is not in tho withering tono of acarcasm that we hare been accustomed to, but it i» rather in the acccnts of the broken- hcirtci despairing inan. The manner in which he brings this scene to a concision is as artistic as it is touching. Admirable was the rcenein which he instructed the players. In this, as in his other?, thcro was a most welcome absence of exaggera tion. Again did Mr. Creswick bring his great command of features ioto play, especially when tho players enact tho tragedy of the death of JIaHilet's father, lie watches* the effect of the acting on his mother and the King with an intenrencss truly painful. Another fine effect was that where he bid» his mother "look hereupon this picture, and on this," and upbraid* her for her criminal love for tho King. The fencing match with Laertes in tho last scene was well managed, and the death of Uamid was tho culminating excellence of this fine performance. Miss Helen Ashton per formed the pirt of Ophelia with much quiet grace, and her mad sceuo was all the more effective in that there was no s; raining after effect, fcho tang her little snatches of song in a very y-nthciio way, and herlaat exit produced a very touching tfi\«et. One of the best acted parts in the tragedy was that of Polotiius, by Mr. Welfeh. Mr. Holloway was & rather substantial ghost, but, in other 1 reaped?, this very difficult oharacter was satis factorily presented. Mr. S. Howard wis good as OXQ'-Grave; Diggert especially in his passage of wit villi JIamlrt. Mr. N. Doujrlas as Lacrti$t Mr. West as tho Xi;#, aud" Afts. Uollowav as tho Queen were tolerably satisfactory. Tho gentlemen who uudoc.-*' [took tho parts of; Gnxldenslei'n and Itosencranls haro a great deal.. of their profession to learn, to say tho least. Tho play was fairly well put on tho stage, lint thero wore occasionally painfully incongruous properties" to bo Eoen, such, for instance, as tho most modern of drawing-room chairs figuring in tho ancient Halls of the Banish kings. The property man might surely have put together a few appropriate stools or fauteuils. " Hamlet" was performed three times to full houses. 