Amusements. Mhs Wsita'* CbircHBr.-This interesting concert was fciven 1b the »*watc Halj; fan tnesfloy night, in the presence of t, l»r(re ana hiphly nppMoKitivo nu.Jiencei Tbe majority of those jirwent wore either amateur if-diclans. or mneicfil counotsgBM*1», ahd tUcrefore fully qualified to distinguish ptfjil iuusic from bad, nnd to dis criminate n fattiVV JlcrJormance from an excellent one. V-. W.16, la appreciation of her Went as a vocalist, 1..v a Sumber of Indies and gentlemen belonging to thL city. It woe trnly an admirable ooncert, the lnilsfi, both vocnl and instrumental, being of a iupeflor ebaraeter, and par. tormoa in a miperlor e(rle. The concert opened with a djo for harrnnplnrii ohd pltno, «ilch was finely played by Mr. Yoiinstiir attd Mr. itassey. It was foUowed by a »om}firarti&r.; PRlrfas, which was charmingly rendered. SsSlitau'B ballafl, 'Lot me Dream Again,' snne- by Miss IiBid, was truly bonntiftth »nd tho rToli flue voice oflhe coDhttrjOe will hannt tlie memory of many a listener for some time In oome. Mr. Parkinson's song, 'My Qucon.' ?was Bdmirably mint? with all due attention to the proprieties of music, namely, tune, -ime, and ex pression, and narrowly esuaped en efacox'e' Mr. TomB was set down on t»e r^'R'Ammb for two pianoforte solos,' but. owinir to lllilwiB, lie dldnotappiir. Tho scoca ' Robert to* our, Jlalme.ll,Moyerbeer'i! Roberto, was tho oventortho iveuilig, on which the attent'oh. of the audience was obiefly concentrated. It w&e; sbng by Mrs. Wells with ouch taste, pathos, aud -oxproiBiveneise as to elicit a warm andunmis takeasle, aid, we ma; add, deserved tribute of applause from the ntidienoo. The lady was recalled several times, ami being pressed for an encore substituted *' The For esken.' A duet from the 'Lily of KiUnrney' was then sung- by Messrs. Fairfax a»ci Parkinson, and waB followed by aquartfttto by K-n-ielSBohn. suuc- by Mrs. Wells, Miss Read, Mr, Parkinson, and Mr. Fairfoi. Tbe quartette was enthusiastically encored. A sons, 'The Vagabond,' by Molltoy, tuno- by Mr. Willinsoa, wor much appreciated; but us Mr. Wilkinson is 011c of our favourite ninporB we Hhall not say much abont his foujt lni^'t we should be accused of partiality. Mrs. Wells bihc a duct with Mr. Fairfax, and a vocal wait* by Ve:izauo, aud then took part ins trio, nainelT, 'TIip Ma^'iu wove scarf.' along with Mo«srs. Parkincon ' and WilldiMU. The clarionet and violin solos performed bv I'f.- Hgerct wero verr beautiful, on-i tuevioiin solo v.::-. oaor,re3. He is a fine, and ftt Ihe satne time a consistent -ons player, who ai»s at interpreting the thoughts of the composers, whose pieces hepk.vK correctly, and he possesses both the tnlcntor.d thotftstp nedessaryto enable him to carry his nimsinto effect. The concert on the whole was most enjoyable, «nA loft ii' doubt on the min as of tfcose who wore present that the tRlcnted CtnriWairo tleservot] Hie nnnipliment which the promotsra pi the ooucert thus jwid her. The Mcsjt-Ai. IJxiort'fe First Conceut of tiie SrAROK.— Ilifi 6v«t concert of tlie subscription eeason 1870 and lfSO was Riven in the Masonic Hall last night, in the plesemo of a large and highly intelligent audience. There was a full orchestra, and a choice programme. The latter comprised several novelties is addition to various pieces of established reputation. Reissie-er. T7eber, Mendelssohn, Costa, Beethoven, and Waldentcufel were the com posers whose works fnrnished the feast of sound that wan proseuted to tho audience. During th' performance of most of tbe numbers Mr. Sydney Moss conducted, but two of them — —namely, anoctetto hy Mendelssohn, and thelargbotto movement in Beethoven's second symphony— were con ducted by Hot Krctaehinnn. Under tbe baton of two such ablo ui-sni RH orcbCBtraconipriBine; a larpe number of fine players could scarcely stray far into forbidden paths, aud consequently the instrumental part of the music was of a hich order of excellence. In several of the numbers a part which, had been most jiullciovtuly scored for the t*xo phouohyMr Moss displnycd very strikinelytho peculiar toue- colonrinirpropertiei, of (hot. instrumeiit. It pocs wall with tbe horn, impartingr roundneEP and body to tbe soft breathing of that instrument. In thohaudp of a master who knows how to score for it, tho caxonhono can often be used with irood effect. The concert opened with on over ture by Beiesiger, which, though finely played, seemed rather noisy than musical. Mr. Hinchy then stoic ' At tho KasternGate,' by B- Tours, very pleasingly, n'.a was ac companied by Mr. Moss. A nra.ud duo. by Weber, for clnriouette and piano, followed, phiyed by llerrKv^rnt and Mr. Moss, tt was a beautiful dnct, the art value of which consisted in tbe display of the powers of the elnrumette. With many players liioKt oft.hc tonesofthe clarionette above the medinm wgriater of the instrument flre either harsh and pci'eumi , ol* more or less flat anil out of tune, hut in tbr- hands at Her? Haunt, tho olarionette Ronuils ill perfect tune tbroufrhout its four registers, nnd ip an sweet as the ttute. The duet was charmingly ployed by both artists. An octtet.to for strloecd instrument!., by Mendelssohn, was played hy Herr Kretsehmann, Heir ?rTeCTnt.and La Feuillade, Mr. H. Graham (violoncello), nntT Rome otbeT peutlemen 'whose nfttaesive do not know. It wan nicely ployed, but, owing toitfi prcat lcnirth and the repetitions of some passages, was rather monotonous. It showed, howcrrr, wharu master con do with the 'Ftrinps' unaided by other instruments. A chorus fromljli 'Let Us (fo,' tvap certainly rendei'ed with uncommon vigour in tlie forte pnssnges, the vocnl portion of the music fairly amof hering the instrumental, hut not blendimr with it in'porrpct harmony. This number was decidedly more loud than sweet. Its dpiiiei-itB, however, wore amply atoned for by the number which followed it, namely, the liu-srhotto movement from Beethoven's second symphony. This cstrant , umler the liaton of Herr Kretschmaan. was played well. It roQiiiros a highly-disciplined orchestra and nn able conductor to play it effectively— that it, to piny it as Beethoven meant it should be pluycd. The com poser hns showered forte nnd double-forte, piano and double ]ii:iuo, and i.Toscendo miirlcs tbroup-hout the piece; nnd uuliw thu.v are properly attunded to tho inusie of tbe Krcat Gernmu coIIofbus— is spoiled. Although wo sny ir, wag played well, we lneun tho word 'well' to be understood in a comparative sense. A few more rehearsals would have rendered tbo players moro fniiiilinr with the numerous cresoendos scattered throughout the work. Our orchestras, however, nre not distinguished for tho extreme dclicacv of t hfir pia iiissiiiK'S. AsorenatB, the dream, (poetry 'by Dartholo uw, raiiFic by Costa) was the nest piece. It is a plcurant little niueieaf' nothing,' composed in honour of aro.vnl inalTiiige, both the poetry and tho music having beon written to order. Tho chornses wero crisplv rendered. A recitative, No. 4, was exquisitely Eung by a lady who persoxnted the queen of the fairies, and who possesses a very sweet and lovely voice. Tho composer was eyideutly liaiiuir-flhy tho ghost of an old Scotch air when he was writilic I*'O. 7. This piece was occoptahlo to tho audience, iMore on ncoount of its uovelty than on account of ita incrits as a composition. Finally, much praisp is dne to Mr. Moss nm] Herr Kretschmann for tbe nble manner in which they discharged their important functions. On the whole, the music of this concert was far above mediocrity. :ind was a source of much enjoyment to all, (if we except thcceu£orious nnd malifrnanfc)whoheardit. 'Struclr Oil.' nnd the an.astnir little aftorpieco, 'The Chinese Question,' after one of the most encoessful runs nt thu Theatre Koyal, will be withdrawn on Saturday cven inc\ to ranko way for that thorougldypopular comic opera, 'H.M.S. Pinafore.' The oast includes some of tho best talent, available, and the characters, as distributed hy the tltage director, well milted to tho performer. Mr. South in the part of Cnptflin Coreorau, and Mias St. Clair that of Littlo Buttercup, cannot bo improved npon_ and we know what to expect from Mr. Williamson ns the AimiralSir Jopeph Porter.nnd Mips MamrioMonrens Josephine. At the Victoria Thon.tre 'Hermes aud the Alchemist' is ptill retained. Professor Pepper, owing totbeeontinued inaispnsition of Mr. Ii.iinford, is obliged to rend the part nUottei to that gentleman, nevertheless the ncenos nro quitfl as attrnctive ns ever, and the audience Fecin to onioy themselves thoroughly. Tlio attpndince at the Qneen'R Theatre was good laFt evening. The entertainment commenced with 'Th»Loft Son,' In wljch Mr. Sam Emery 'unstained with credit the pnrt of Luke, and was well supported hythe rent of the company. In the second piece, ' The Irish Emigrant,' nn npolojrj- was made for Mr. Fairon, who, owing to a family lmreavement, did »ot appear. However, Mr. Listen was ocjual to taking np the part of O'Brien, and kept the audi ence in oapitnJ spirits by his qnaiat Btylo and spirited not ing. To-night a sensationaldraroa, called 'Writing on the Wall,' will he performed, concluding with n repetition of ' The Irish Emigrant.' Signor Ghiloni's Waxwork Exhibition is still open, op poRite the Victoria Theatre, snd though the public hp.ve nccenfl during the day, yet most people prefer the evening, as the gronps are seen to better advantage by gashtrht. Thiodon's Eoyal Polytechnic, in Pitt-streot, is quito an institution in this city, and jndging by the patronage which thwpnpular place of instruction and amusement receives, it should return its enterprising owner a handsome nnnu:il profit. Mr. T. Thiodon. in his 'Temple of MarvrtB,' roust be seen to be appreciated ; sonio of his conjuriujr tricks arenewto Sydney audiences.and nil are performed in a masterly manner. Bui-ton's Circus is well attended as a rule, and the per formance much enjoyed. The steeplechase and luav-polo dance are porfonusd with every endeavour to make the scone ns rnalistio as possible. The well-trained animals exhibit the great care bestowed on tbem'hytlio managers. Tha performances at tlin School of Arts by the Maorias, anathe capital illustrntions of NewZenTand scenery, are not being very well attended, but as it becomes better known no doubt the pati-ousgn will increase. The scenes are rco'ly uranil. nnd anyone wishing to learn a littlo about that colony should pay a visit to tho Pchool of Arts. Tho war dance's of the natives are exceedingly novel and in terestimr. On .lit we nre not betrnrinB any confidence when we say thnt we helievn Miss Melville, the accomplished pianist of tho Cnraudini Troupe, is about to retire into private, ond, also, domestic life. Miss Josephine DeaHn has, we be lieve, been engaged to travel with tho troupe on their New Zealand tour in th» place of Miss Melville. Miss Deakin has for souio years past Voena pupil of Bignor StefTani's, and her skill both as a vocalist »nd pianist shows that she bn« been very carefully ana judiciously taught. Her voice is n pure soprano, ranging from B natural hclow the Gcleff to B flat above it. On the higher notes of bar register E, F, G, A, and B flat, her notes are veryclesr and bell-like. A mutual friend having Inndly invited us to hear her sinir we proposed to test her ^ower of reading inuqic «t sight, nnd withlluir view we placed before her a jsong which had previously proved a regular pona arinoriim to several vocalists who had tried it and which, Being inmanuscript, she had never seen. She played and song it atsishf per fectlv. Thatconvinc«auB«i»tBlieisamuSiciau. SheniU lie a decided acquisition to the Carandinl tronpe, and we pre dictfbatsliewill become a faronrite with the public. We understand that sho will sinent MisB Saclcir's concert in the Masonic Hall next week, when that gentle and courteous auimal, tbe public, will have an opportunity of deciding her merits asa vocalist. 