Intercolonial News. Yesterday (says the S. M. Herald of the 31st nit.,) was one of the most oppressive days we have had in Syduey this summer, and one of the like of which we do not wish to see again in a hurry. Tho brute portion of the community especially seemed lo feel the heat, and during the course of the afternoon, one animal, a horse, the property of Mr. R Saunders, of Prymont, fell dead in Elizabeth-street, presumably from sun stroke. The greatest heat inland yester day was at Deniliqnin were the ther mometer registered 1 18- in the shade. James Montgomery-, the Government Houce robber, is not of so good education as was at first supposed. He handed to Mr. District Court Judge Dowling, at tho Sessions Court, a written appeal for leniency, and though in it he alluded somewhat grandiloquently to ' what he had beeu,' ' lost his position,' the spell ing of certain words was execrable, and the syntax of the whole comp-j?itio!.- . faulty. Montgomery evidently is not the accomplished criminal he at first v.a thought to be. He was sentenced to five years imprisonment, with hard labor. — ,'i M. Herald, At Gladstone, South Australia, mi if--: 29th ult. the heat was so great that t-.n,. bullocks wero sunstruck and killc! There were several cases of sunstroke, tv.i, of which proved fatal. The Melbourne correspondent »!' 'hi 6'. M. Herald ( writing under ?: ;-t o iii January, says l — We had a storm' and a 6treet-flood, and a poor rag-nii d -bottle gatherer was hearly drowned bj being washed down a gutter, and wholly killed by being jammed against a gutter-bridge, A twenty minutes rain-storm will, any time, transform Elizabeth-street into a river. It is a reproach to U6 that this is so, and we have cried out against it these many years, and every now and then we have seemed as if we were going to have the cried-out-against evil rjmoved. Many projects have been devised to carry away the storm- water, so that Elizabeth street people etiail not live in contiuual fear of water an-.l mud and consequent loss ; but the projects never come to anything, and I do not think they ' ever will, until some more notable person than a rag-and-bottle man is killed. Now, if a Prime Minister hac1 been taken off in this way, we might have secured a double advantage. During this same storm, the lightning struck the tower of the house of Mr. T. N. Fitzgerald, surgeon. If light ning could be supposed to be possessed of intelligence, this act would have demon strated a judicious exercise of it, for Mr. Fitzgerald's tower is one of tho evesores of Mel bourne. There is only one' uglier, thing in the way o if buildings, and that is the tower of Government Uouse. * These two lumps of architectural hideousucss are enough, like Bauquo's ghost, to sear one's eyeballs, livcrybody is glad nobody was hurt in Mr. Fitzgerald's house ; but everybody having the leas- pretension to taste is sorry that the tower, instead of be ing.only a little smitten, was not brought whollvdown. If the lightning could be in duced to operate upon Government house tower withouthurting anybody, and remove it utterly, the prospect from almost any direction would be marvellously improved 