The Avoca Shire Council will hold its ordinary monthly meeting on Thursday next. . ' The last day for issuing summonses for the county court will bo Saturday, next. The last day for serving the same - will' be Wednesday in next week; ' ' The entertainment given by Professor and Mrs Baldwin on Friday and Saturday evenings was not so well attended as the quality of the performance deserved. The programme was adhered .to, ' however, and thoroughly pleased all who were pre sent. The tricks performed by the Spirit ists, and through which they claim that the existence of spirits is demonstrated, were performed by Mr and Airs Baldwin in a simple and easy manner. The lighting of a piece of newspaper without fire, . and changing _ the color of - water; which tho spiritists have put forward as two of their chief tests, were easily performed by means of chemicals, the- composition of which was explained to tlie audience.' On Friday, Air Baldwin and liis assistaut were tied with' ropes, and both quickly untied themselves when they desired their freedom; aud; on Saturday, when Mr B aldwi n had bepu secured with chains and padlocks, -they formed, no hindrance to'liis pefofmancebn a mouth organ, tambourine, hells, .etc. Airs Baldwin, also,' showed as much skill in escaping from a'piliory in which;. her- hands and head were securely locked, and afterwards, when tied tightly by the neck- to the wall of the cabinet- she managed to' freo: herself iu order to" , exhibit' the masks > and faces, and the ghost scene made cele brated under the title of the " Katie King Mystery." Most of the tricks were ex plained as they were performed, . and stick as were not. (explained on the first night were fully : exposed on the second. Mr. Baldwin has a pleasant manner ou the stage, and his . remarks, incidental to the performance, are, full of humor, and keep . his audience in a constant simmer of merri- iment. The. entertainment is deserving of a large audience wherever it may he cxlii- . bitcd. . : ' ( Y ..(-' ( -The committee who have taken the ; management of the complimentary concert to .be given to Mr Alf. . Oaten: are using every effort to make the affair a. success. It will be seen by (the programme which has been prepared that the services of the best vocalists and. musicians of the (district , (have been . secured, ; ; and by way of variety, recitations = have been promised by Messrs Abbott and' (Keenan. . Assistance has, also (been .pro mised by tho "Avoca Brass Band. The tickets are being taken up very fast, - and judging by present appearances a very large ( attendance on the occasion is anticipated. The Working Aliuers'" Company, Home- bush obtained 228 oz. 3 dwt;. for the fort night ending Friday last ; 100 (oz. were obtained on Tuesday audpfYednesda'. . , < The; Kelly sympathisers weio : again brought up before, the --'Police court at Beechworfcli on- Satufday ahd 'wcfc reman- Mforaeok., f. The venomous character of the little red spider is often spoken of, especially by. poo- ple who have lived much in the bush, and yesterday we saw1 the effects of a bite from one of . these insects on the pcrsou of Mr P. Begley. The bite was near the shoulder, aud occurred about a fortnight ago," and; since then the pain lias bceii very great, with a swelling from the shoulder to- the "wrist.; ( ' . : An advertisement in another column an nounces that St. Leon's Gifcus will visit Avoca( on Alonday evening next. , The troupe comprises 30 star artists and. 40 : trained horses, and their performances, as reported by the Ballarat papers, appear to be equal to anything of this class which lias ever visited the locality. The prices, as will be seen by the advertisement, are lower than usual. . An address from Air J. A. Powell to tlie electors of this division of tlie Alining Dis trict appears in our advertising columns, from which it will be seen that, unlike most candidates for tl.ie mining boards, Mr Powell lias got a few ideas about mining legislation and intends to agitate them. Wo understand that Mr Britten, of Percydale, and ( Air Hugh s, . of Amphitheatre, in tend also to woo tlie miners' favor, so that the elector's will have plenty of choice ou tlie polling day. Air J. S. Stewart announces that on the "12th instant he will seU by public auction the valuable property and business of Mr .Joseph Robinson, of Natte Yallock. Full particulars are given by advertisement. Tenders will be received up to the 15tk instant, by Mr J. F. Paten, for the pur chase of the general store "and stationery business of Air R. H. Stubbs, at Home- bush, according to the terms of an adver tisement which appears in another column. Wc hear that no less than six special trains are engaged in carrying away grain from the Ararat district. Air Brooks Clay, who will be remem bered by many old residents of this district, has been sentenced to three months' im prisonment at Cooktown for stealing a pair ef boots from a draper's shop where he was employed. ' Letters received by the mail state that Air Justice. Stephen was improving in health, and that he proposed leaving Eng land for Victoria hj' the mail steamer on 6th February. Dr Edward Coition, formerly of Beech- worth Lunatic Asylum, has been found drowned in the Seven Greeks near the township. It is supposed he had gone to bathe. At Gympic 59 tons 19. cwt., of stone from No. 5 claim, South Alary Reef, lias given the magnificent yield of 722 oz. retorted gold : and 82 tons 14 cwt'. from No. 6 claim, South LadvMary reef, yielded i 314 oz. A man named Arthur Campbell, ; from Victoria, has been found in the Govern ment Domain, Sydney, in a dying condi tion, with a bullet in bis breast. . He said be bad been shot at and robbed by two men who afterwards decamped. Rush and Layeoek have been matched to row on the Parramatta River on 12th April, tho question of expenses having been satis factorily settled. The match is for £100 aside, additional to which Rush Lays a stake of £200 that be wins with James Punch, and a similar sum with Laycock. Among the names of candidates that have been mentioned for the constituency of West Bourko are those of Air Vale, Air Byrne and Mr Maclvor. The flag at the Town Hall, Adelaide, was half-mast in the 27ck ult., in consequence of a telegram having been received that Air George Coppin was dead. It is needless to say tlie telegram was untrue. Typhoid fever is very prevalent at Syd- uey. Archbishop Vaughan paid a visit to the French admiral, on board the. Arictoricuso at Sydney on Alonday and was received with a salute. Captain AVebb and Professor Gaull, the celebrated swimmers, are about to pay a visit to tlie colonies. A boy named Thomas Murdoch was killed yesterday at- Tamagulla through a fall from a horse. Ho was jumping the horse at Irislitown, when he was throwu and killed instantaneously. Tho Sj-dney owned schooner Clyde, hound from Kumara to Auckland, has gone aslioro at Lake Ellesniere N.Z. The crew and two passengers are supposed to have been lost. A scheme is on foot to bring the Great Eastern out with passengers to the Sydney Exhibition, and then use lior while there as a floating hotel. James Fowler, charged with embezzling £200 while manager of. the' Loudon Char tered Bank, at Talbot, has been admitted to bail, in two sureties of £200, and himself for Ike same amount. A dreadful case of parricide occurred at Victorian- Plains, W.S., recently; A man named Taylor and his sou were drinking together and -the latter got drunk. The father baring refused to give - his son any moro drink the youtli picked up a gun and shot his father.- - The young man was tried for the offence, found .guilty of manslaugh ter, and sentenced to twelve years' penal servitude. A The Government engineer engaged on tlie Gordon railway confidently expects to liave tlie liiie;ready. for opening aboiit. the middle of Alarch. About two miles from the per- ' ruanient way havc heen laicl dowu. Tlie Melbourne correspondent, of . the Ararat Advertiser- -writes : — The Conser vative party have sent a mission home after all, the prominent member of which is Air Haddon, the editor of the "Arc/its," who left for England by tho Aconcagua, which will reach home, shortly after the mail steamer in which Air Berry took passage. Air Haddon lias a colleague, whose name I have not ascertained ; and., there is a .secretary as well; ar large "-'siinr: of money having seen subscribed (to" meet the expenses of ..tho" undortakiiig,'- which: will- -be- heces- sarily very heavy. AH information; Ac-,, was supplied for these gentlemcu, and they will be able, to put : the pt-her . side to ; the Colonial Secretary iu as , good a way as possible. So that (here. will bo plenty of work for Sir Alichael Ilicks-Beacb. At the inquest" (says the Teler/rajJt) lield oil Thursday oii tlie body of the unfortu nate girl; Julia Jane Emery, who commitjd suicide at Sandhurst- by hanging, gafc. YVednesday, no further particulars of anaja importance wore elicited.- The jury turned a verdict of feto de se, and added tlie rider that 'there ivas no' evidence to show tho state" of the deceased's mind -when she committed this rasli act. . The folloud'ng(;;singuIar.:pieco of ruffiau- isni is repdrie:dv( -An aggravated and cowarclty assault was com mitted on av .respectable woman, named ; Johanna Caliill, who was proceeding home on Friday night last along EHzabeth street. The fellow- made improper overtures to the woiiian, wh o informed tlie mail that lie was : mistaken in -her. character. The . ruffian, who is named Thomas Alartin, then fol lowed, her up, and ; struck hpr violently between the eyes, using frightful language at the same time. " Tho Bench inflicted a fine of £3 for the assault, or three months' imprisonment;: whilst for . tlm obscene ex- prcssionsffio made use of; the .prisoner was ordered to- pay 20s, or seven days' incar- 