CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of the Church of England was commenced on Tuesday, May 13. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide administered the Holy Sacrament in St. Peter's Cathedral to about 30 clergymen and the same number of laity, Tiie ! Anthem was taken from Psalms ___ri. The Ely rie , aud the ofi_r_ ry sentences by Burnaby were also given. Canons Coombs aad Farr aud Dr. Dendy also took part in the service. Mr. Bolt, _jeorga_i_t of tho Cathedral, presided at the instrument. At the conclusion of the Sacramental service, tbe Lord Ui-hop delivered tho following:— P STOEAL _I>MIU-SS, 1879. Bey. and dear Brethren—lt is a subject with me of devout gratitude that I am permittsd, towards the close of my seventy-seventh year, once more to hs present in the Synod of this Diocese. Still more, that the infirmities of advancing age have not yet rendered me in capable of taking an active interest in its business. On my reappearance among you, I think I may honestly congratulate you ou tue fact that, notwithstanding inauy imp ..am changes, tbe Diocese bas in -nowise lost ils character for ability iv its clergy or aliaiuistra tive power in the Vicar-General and the .ynol. Under the loss of three incumbents the heavy task was imposed on the form_ of keepi-g together congregations and supplying divine services in outlying churches. It was, how ever, accompli*-.} with fair success, partly by tbe aid of the Bey. G. H. Farr. a*. Missionary Chaplain, and by the accession from England to tbe clerical body of Messrs. Dodd, Orchard, Elcum, and Bedell Stanford; partly also by the kind assistance of lay readers, as well as the considerate forbearance of parishioners. 1 cannot but consider myself highly favored wben, in tbe course of a few months' visit to England, I was enabled to procure the assistance of four able clergymen and three laymen well trained in the profession of education. The public objects of my visit to England were—l. Attendance at the Lambeth Conference. 2. Selection of clergy for the Diocese. 3. Selec tion of a bead and other masters for St. Peter's Collegiate School; and 4 (very unexpectedly), also of a Classical Professor for the University of Adelaide. I proceed to make a few remarks on those points which more especially concern our Church. THE COSTEEEKCE AT LAMBETH will undoubtedly occupy a very important place in tie religious history of tbe Anglo-Saxon Churches. It marks an era iv the Reformed Christianity of Great Britain as well as of America. Since the day when the northern nations of Europe made their public protest against the doctrinal errors of the Church of Rome, and tbe usurped authority of the Papal See. no such meeting of 100 prelates— all froan. reformed branches of the Catholic and Ap_ tolic Church—has been held. In the earlier part of this century, indeed, no such assembly was possible. The Erastian subjection of the National Church to the State in England during the eighteenth century prevented our American brethren, members of tbe Anglican Church, from benefiting by the missionary zeal or super vision of Bishops. Slowly and painfully did tbe demand for such an extension of tbe episco pate extort from a reluctant Government that esseir. ial element of a complete ecclesiastical organisation. The pre-ent century has wit nessed tbe rapid growth of that Order in the Anglo-Saxon Churches. Eighty-six Bishops bave been con___ted to sees or mis dons iv various parts of the _e_hc_ world, while, at the present time, eixiy-Sve Bishops in the United States preside over sees erected during the century which followed the Declaration of Independence in 1776. Of this episcopate.co ext __ive with the globe, 10.) Bishops complied with tbe invitation of the Archbishop of Canter bury to meet him • o conference at Lambeth on July 2, It. 8. From Pekin aud the various see aleug the coast of Asia, Aust-a'asia, !_.'?, Africa, America (North and Si nth), the \Ve_. Indies to the Falkland Islands, as well a-* from Columbia, in the {Northern Pa_6c, the repre sentatives of the Kefurmed Anglican Church {colonial and Amer>_t) were permitt .d. in the good providence ef God, to meet the Bi-*hops of Euglind, Ireland, mid Scotland snd take counsel together,after offering up united pt_y ' for the extension of our Lord's kingdom upon earth. It was indeed worth a voyage over half the world to meet the men *n ho composed this great a«_mbiy— great not ouly in numbers, but greater still in character, ability, levoiug. and r--e ref-ieme.t or Chris in rcartesy. Apir. from the interest thus awakened, the manifest result of such a meeting, before half a week had p__d. was the cordial and entire union of mind and heart among those who, but a few days before, had been mostly unknown to each other in person, if not in name. Tiie brotherhood of Christ was felt to be, not ._ idea and name only, but a realised happiness. The complete union of the Anglo- SaxonCnurcbes was tbus sealed for ever, not by tbe dead pre_ t-w.e c{ externa] and usurped authority, but by a felt inward conviction that we all had " one I-ird, one Faith, one Baptism: one God and .at her of all, who was all, and through all, aud in us all." With tbe modesty, however, beco _iog those who felt tbat tbey were only a po.tiou of the universal episcopate, tbe results o. our delibe rations were not sent forth in the form of an Encyclic Letter demanding implicit assent and obedience; rather wei-e they commended to the faithful as the conclusions of prayerful deli berations, " speaking the truth in love." The topics con .dered sud dealt with are not unknown to many members of this Synod. With regard lo the colonial Churches, their complete independence in regard to the regulation of tbeir own di*__p!i_e was fully recogui _d in the "Iteportof the Commit _ ou the best mode of maintaining union among the various Churches of the Anglican Communion."" Wbile recognising with thaukf ulc' ~s the rf hernial aud evident unity in which the Church of England and the Churches ia visible com munion with ber have beeu held together, the Committee nevertheless lay down as " necessary tor the maintenance of such uuion that the duly _rt ihed action of every national or particular _i__]i, and of each ecclesitftical pw; AC?, in the vxercise of its own di cipliue, should be r?_ _eted by all the other Churches." The action, then, of the General Synod at .vdiiey tin October, IS72),constituting its pro- Yiutialorganisation, with the Bishupof Sydney as Primate, in substitution for the iutatid a*g_-opolit_r jurisdiction conferred by letters p_u_t, U admitted to be _•■-;-_., ami is recog nised as such by the Archbishop, aad Bishops i.t the Established Church of Borland. I trust, therefore, that tbis conclusion will be 1 .y.iliy t-icepted and acted upon iv all future ni*. _>_ugs of the General Synod. OATH OF CA_OK*CA_ Of! i:?lE_ L_. In connection |with the above priuci. c it wcuM seem necessary as well as reasonable that ibe oath if canonical obedience in the r_.se oi 1-v.rj Australian Bishop, whether consecrated iv England or in the colonies, should be takeu to tiie Australian Primate er Metropolitan, rather t _au <as in the ease of the lately -appointed J.i-hop tl North t_ ueensland) to tiie Archbishop <>! law crbury. Tbe latter has been empowered i.y Act of l'arli—uent to permit this course, \>. hich is the proper oue i > the present state of i :.r ecclesiastical poll _. A quasi- patriarchal authority seems to have uo / _ _ fouuditiou. It has been supposed iv some quarters that tie oath bo takeu to the See ot Canterbury ' tiutild preserve tho coloui-l or_ue_e_ of the __u.ic.l_ _ England from drift ing away from j li.c fclaud&rdsul; faith au.l discipline contained iv our Book of Common Prayer. Any one, how ni-r, v.Lo . itnc__ ii the -irong and loving alUu-'huieut manifested by our able aud e_ c< lle_t bretlireu of the United States Episco pate to their mother Church, aud the whole i. ue ul their religious thought, would have seen how, after a ceutury of political separation, the ___<'f-_t resolve of that great aud growing Cl.mch is " uniou with and confuriaity to the _:audurtU of the Church of England." _li_ MI-1.1-E WAY OB VIA M_D_A. How, iudeed, can it be otherwise when the | l.i iiiciples of the Americau Episcopal Church as ' a .iviug bianch oi die 110)3' Catholic and Apos tolic Church are intelligently aud conscien- j tiously upheld. Between llomau pseudo iul'ailibility and opiuiunated private judgment there lies _ uiiddlecourse,consistent with reason and not destructive of authority. Iv all the weary wanderings of Israel through the wilder ness the Pillar ot Cloud rested upon the *' Tabernacle of Witness," aud guided them on their way to the Promised Laud. Even so the Word of God bas been deposited iv a Ittiny Tabernacle of Wituess —even that visible Church which on tbe Day of Pentecost re ceived the outpouring of the Comforter. Aa the Old Te_.t_ueut Scriptures were preserved among God's choseu people, tbe visible, Israel of old, to it pleased Christ to enshrine His Gospel of Truth, written dowu by the apostles and prophets of the New Testament, iv a visible body aud i_uiistry or_aui___ by Him ailf while personally on earth. It is this J i cine apj oluUiitid which gives stability aud authority to the Apostolic aud CatholicOhui"ch, and to its testimony to Scripture and the faith delivered to the saints. " Upon this rock will I build my Church," said our Lord. "That rock was Christ," aud the Church His mystical body, to -Abieh He added daily those who should be aaved—t. _ those who sought Him for salvation. Is, then, this visible Church a suitable and trust worth} "witness aad keeper of Holy Writ?" The CLurch of England holds it to be. " The things (.onc.i-iug the &u;_doi_ ot" God" were we know, committed to tbe apostles during the forty days between tbe Resurrection and Ascen sion. As time went on aud tbe Church grew and multiplied in all quarters of the earth this oral teaching was committed to writing by the Evangelists and Apostles, wbo sent epistles to various Churches. It was sealed at last by the testimony of the aged St. John in his Bovela tion and letters. Let us look, then, more closely into tbe organization and succession of tbat ministry and Cl.urches into whose keeping all this was confided. THK VISIBLE CUUBCH OF CUBIST. The Twelve Apostles, we read, were first or dained by our Lord Himself (St. Mark iii. 14) and sent forth " to preach, to heal, and to cist ont devils." " T_e_e he named Apostles.*' (St. Matthew _. 2, St. Luke vi. 13) Then, seeing the multitude as sheep without a shepherd (St. Maikvi. 7) He sent the Apostles out two and two to preach the Kingdom of Heaven. The harvest of souls still increasing, our Lord, six months before his last Passover, "appointed" _______* other laborers, * even seventy" and sent tbem two and two before Him into every city be purposed to visit (St. Luke _ 1;. Their powers appear to bave been the same as those given to tbe Apostles. Tbey were to heal the eick(verse9)and preach" the Kingdom of Heaven." Whoever injected them rejected Christ and the Father (verse 16). ** The devils were subj.ct unto them through Christ's name," and on their return from tbeir first mission He give them afresh (verse 19) that mastery over "all the power of the enemy." Coming now to the solemn occasion of the Last Supper, when tbe Apostles—little discerning the spiritual nature of Christ's Kingdom—were disputing which should be the greatest, He, in reply to tbem indicates the equal authority of a?, the twelve (not that of St. Peter alone): " _c shall sit on thrones, judging the Twelve Tribes of Israel." This promise had been also given previously on tbeir journey towards Jerusalem, and this future pre-eminence is assigned to the period "of the regeneration."! Commentators have interpreted this" ef the Bes___ctio_,"but the "new birth "and the "new creature "of the world, the spiritual kingdom of Christ among the Twelve Tribes of the spiritual Israel, began at P _!__>_, when, of the Jews of tbe dispersion from Elam, Asia, and Africa, as well as of strangers of Borne, whole multitudes were brought iuto the "Kingdom of Heaven." Over these the Twelve Apostles, with "The Elders" (whose office and power had never been with drawn), undoubtedly exercised judgment, for in the Council of Jerusalem they decided that the Mosaic Law was not to be enforced " upon the Gentiles." Tbe Pentecostal manifestation ef the Holy Spirit in gifts as well as graces was, in fact, the fulfilment of our Lord's promise and the pro :la mation of His Heavenly Kingdom and universal authority. It was not the original Ordination of Apostles and Elders, but it was the arming of tbem with tbe necessary powers to establish Christ's Kingdom. Of the Twelve Apostles whose names were inscribed upon the twelve foundation-stones of the city gates of the New Jerusalem each represented one of the Twelve Tribes. In the same way the twelve spirs and the twelve wit nesses of the cutting-off of the water, of the Jordan were types of the subsequent appoint ment of the Apostles. Tbe mission of the Elders of the Mosaic Church (Numbers _~ Seventy in like manner represented the seventy 24, 251 as well as the Sanhedrim or great C _____ of Israel. This was a permanent institution among the Jews, and this Order of the Ministry ordained by Christ Himself was no temporary mission (St. Luke x. 1). When, therefore, they retained with joy "because the devils were subject to them through His name," the authority of the Seventy is either renewed or given afresh. Certainly the present tense " I give," or tbe perfect * __/___■ _??-__"* indicates the continuance of tbeir mi sion with all its responsibilities and powers, "even overall the power of the enemy 1" Subordinate, then, to the Apostles, who were ** to sit on thrones judging the Twelve Tribes of Israel, the regenerated people of the Lord, the order of elders received just as authoritative a sanction from the Lord Himself as that of the Apostles. Hence we find no institution of that older by the Apostles as we do that of the deacons. The " Apostles" Barnabas and Paul "ordained elders in every city" (Acts xiv. 14 and 23), because such elders had been first appointed by the Lord Himself. The deacons were merely hdps in the ministry ot the Word and Sacraments as the exigencies of the Church called for. Not so the elders. Theirs waa altogether a higher function—a loftier commis sion. So in the Church at Jerusalem we find the Apostles and elders associated together in the Council and in the government aud discipline of the Primitive Church.? The Church Catholic and Apostolic, traced back to tiie bosom of the Synagogue and Temple syst 3m, but originated and authorised by our Lord Him self, shows plainly the continuity of tiie olive tree of God's Church, unbroken from the Sit—itic institution, passing out of the letter into the spirit, and superseding the Levitical Church of Ptiest and Prophet by the Apostles, Eiders, and Evangelists of the Gospel I Tbe organization of tbe Church of Christ was not left then to the enlightened human judgment of the Apostles. Itv_s fixed before, when Christ chose the Twelve Apostles themselves, and ordained the Seventy Elders. Accordingly we find these two orders of apostles and eiders become extended as the Church grew and spread out into the world. The olive-tree remained essentially the same, though some branches were broken off and the Gentiles were grafted in ;but the apostolic government continued, elders were ordained in every Church, and the levitical offices were fulfilled by deacons. If this be Scripturally true, it is not within the lawful scope of private Judgment to makes new scheme of government and discipline at its own will and pleasure. Tbe practical application of the above Scriptural argument is this. Upon the divine basis, as laid down by Christ Himself, there cau, nay, tbere must be not only inward and spiritual bnt also outward and visible unity. The Itoman or Latin Church in its steadfast | _*__rticn of this principle is entitled to all , respect, especially in times when the reckless ness of private opinion on the great problems of life, revelation, righteousness, and jndgment to come rebels against all authority, whether of divines and Christian Fathers or of apostolic tradition. What I contend for is this historic witness of a ditintly ori/anised body to tbe facts on which tbe Gospel promises rest; the records in which they are narrated; and the interpreta tion, co-temperaueous and continuous of those records, conveying as they do mperxatural mysteries of the faith to the body of believers. Here is uo claim to dogmatic infallibility. The authority claimed for the Universal Church is tbe ateiyht wbich belongs to its unbroken and undivided testimony to the Apostolic and Catholic _„_*, to the forms ot divine worship; and to the effective working of the Sacraments m them tbat worthily receive the same. The "faith osce delivered to the saints" no sound portion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church has tampered with by addition or dogmatic interpretation. That faith, whole and uncorrupted as preserved in the three creeds, is regarded as a sacred deposit to wbich none can add, or from wbich none can take away, without losing his part in the Book of Life and in tbe Holy City, the New Jerusalem. Such authority only does the Church of England claim for the visible Universal Church. It can ordain ne new articles of faith as necessary to salvation. It can decree nothing contrary to Scripture, uor cau it expound Scripture so as to contradict itself. Uuder such limitation it is a witness and keeper of Holy Writ, ordained of God to be the ground and pillar of His revealed truth. Here we may plant our feet with confidence. The Church of the apostolic age has been aptly cci.pared to the Woman of Samaria, who,after our Lord's conversation with her at the well of S.ch&r;, said to her fellow-townsmen, "Come, see a mau wbo told me all things whatsoever 1 did ' is not this the Christ. " ** And many of the Samaritans," we are told, "believed ou Him for tbe saying of the woman; but many more believed because of His otca word." So it is that the Church offers the Gospel in her creeds, and presents au open Bible toallwho will read therein for themselves. That Bible has been preserved aud handed down to us not merely or chiefly as an old heirloom of the Christian iMidttry, but as being upheld by the inward force ot tbat Divine character, even Christ, which it presents to us. We read, and in so doing feel that God speaks to our hearts and consciences through and in Him. We know by |-" Kegene_.tion'- (St. Luke xxii. 30 and St. Mat—ewxix. 28). I consider the word " re generation" iv this context to mean the Pente- I costal outpouring of tbe Spirit upon the visible Church. * A reading preferred by the greater critic _ " I have given" (;'._, in perpetuity) for * I giv e " makes uo difference in the plenitude of t'joir power, but only antedates the gift to their first sending forth. \ The Order of the Apcstles after the _fection of St. Mutthias iut? tbe number ot tl'.e twelve v. as enlarged by the addition of St.. Paul and Barnabas Apollos (1 Cor., iv., ~ as weU aa others. "The Apostles ot the .jhurcbes, the glory of Christ," are spoken of. | v 2 Cor., viii., 23, and Bom., xvi., 7, where S, c . Paul's relatives, Audronicns and Juuia . are. s^jd to be " of note"' among them. Tbe"Apo__ s and Tropher.' of the _,tw Testament a> o al,*, spoken of as nrst ,v the Order of t__ Miuistr. (I Coi.. _ii„ 23), and appointed by t 3it> Holy Ghost;!_ Eph. 20. 4, 11. "an inward conviction that 'never man spake as this Man;" never was 'love like His lore? never, before or since, was such a life aeea oa earth as bis; never was there a being with snob wisdom on his lips; such love in his heart; with a character so complete; with claims so lofty joined to such profound humility and as gentle a kindness towards the gainsayer." This is the grand privilege of the Churchman, one who believes firmly in the Catholic and Apos tolic Church, tracing its foundation, its ministry, its sacraments to tbe appointment of ourLoio Jesus Christ himself,and preserving unbroken the continuous but developed life of tbe old Hebrew saints and their Tabernacle of Witness. We of tbe Church of England rest our faith on the inspired Word of God, speak ing to our souls through tbe Holy Ghost by its own intrinsic power, "its inward fores first showing us Christ and then leading as captive to Christ." That Word bas been banded down and witnessed to as by the ministry of the Apostolic Church and accepted by "the Holy Church throughout all the world" from the first ages. We subject not our reason to the dogmatic judgment of a fallible priest claiming authority over the Universal Church. We float not oat the flnctn_ ting theories of speculative —______ In tbe Holy Scriptures we think we find eternal life. We search them with a simple d seize t_ know and do the bath. They testify from beginning to end of Christ and Him crucified. We believe "that this is life eternal: to know the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom He has sent." We believe that as "all have 001ne tbort of the glory of God," none can come onto the Father but by Christ. In Him, therefore, we believe that we have life. On His Word and on His Church—the witness aad keeper of that Word—we rely mi our guide in the way cf life. We hear Him ourselves, and are persuaded immovably tbat "He is that Prophet which should come into the worid." the business _____ w_b held in the Church Office, Leigh-street, subsequently. There was a large attendance of clergymen and congregational represent—ives to the Synod. The Lord Bishop presided. _______ COMMTITEB'S BBPOBX. The Secbetabv (Mr. H. S. Anthony) read _He report of the Election Committee as follows :— " Tour Committee having considered a memo rial which bas been received from St. Peter's, Williamstown. requesting to be recognised am part of a united parish and represented ia Synod, cannot recommend that the request be complied with, on the grounds that the require ments of Fundament)— Provision No. 14 bars not been satisfied in the following particulars: —Ist. The trusts of tiie Church have not been, declared, although the cat ti—ate of title is in I tbe name of the Synod. Snd. The amount of stipend paid to tbe incumben., viz, £37105, is not a reasonable proportion of an income. They recommend Synod forthwith to declare ths trusts under which it holds St. Peter's Wil liamstown. They ________ that the amount of 'the reasonable income.' at required by Fundamental ______ No. 1 .be from time to time <t«-__«_ by Synod. They report that the resolution of Synod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 bas worked satisfactorily, but in order te make it accord with Begu_tion No. 6, defining the duties of the Election Com mittee, they recommend that it be amended to read as follows:—' That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be _en. by the Secretary of Synod to each vestry annually of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect for Synod.' "Four Committee baring notified to tiie Wardens of St. Jade's, Brighton, that they were only entitled to return one Synodsman, received an appeal against their ______ In 1874 and 1875 St. Jade's re turned two Synods—en. In the latter year it was muted with St. Mary's, South road, and Christ Church, o__latan_iU,_nd bas returned one reprc__.t_.ve only op ta the present time. Aft a* carefully c_-_deri_g the precedent in the matter of All Saints', Htnd maish, and St. Mirgaret's, Wc tdville, in the year 1677, your Committpe are of opinion tost St. Jude's, Brighton, cm only return two repre .entativ i by exprc_ pe ve__iou of Synod, on showing that it is an independent parish pro 's iding arr :sonable iir jme to its minister. No certificates of election of Syn-lsmen bave baen received from Holy Trinity, Adelaide; St. Jade's, Pott Elliot; St. John's, Msc-le___d; St. Msiy's, Echunga; Holy Evangeii—. Goolwa; Holy Trinity, Lyndosh; anj Holy Trinity, Melrose." SYNODAL BO*—. The following list shows the constitutioa of tbe Synod:— The Bight Bey. the Lord Bishop. Holy Trinity Church, Adelaide—Bev.Bichard sob Beid, Dr. Gosse, Dr. Mayo, Messrs. W. H Holmes, and W. D. Holme _ Christchurcb, North Adelaide—Archdeacon Many at, and Messrs. J.^Bath,_D. Garlick, S. Smith, and J. Barker. St. Luke's Adelaide—B_. James Poll"tt,and Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Ma dley, S. Higgs, and A Clark. St. Paul's, Adelaide—Dean BosseU, and Mei- srs. J. C. Bray, £. M. Smith, and H. S. Antbony. St. Paul's. Port Adelaide—Ber. S. Green, and Messrs. H. H. Thomas end A. Jcues. St. John's. Adelaide—Bey. F. S. Poole, and Messrs. T. W. Boaeb, J. Whit . and F. XL Cart—. St. Bartholomew's, Norwool—Bev. W. B. Andrews, and Messrs. 3. B. Mould—i, 3.0. B. Mod crieff, and B. Taylor. St. Margaret. Woodville—Bev. Dr. Deudy, and Mr. G. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, Walke-viUe—_ _______ Dove, and Messrs. C. C. Cornish and J. M, Thomas. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Bey. B. Jenkins, and Messrs. W. B. Hull aud C. A. Wil ion. St. George's, Woo__de —Bey. A. Hnnner, and Mr. S. V. Pixey. St. Michael's, Miteham— Bey. J. F. Hooter, and Mr. B. HicktKm. St. Saviour*s, Glen Osmond—Bey. W. EL Mudie, and Messrs. J. H. Wiles, and O. X_ Meyer, jun. St. Mary's, South-road—Bey. W.G. Bobinson snd Dr. Forater. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Bey. W. G. Bobinson aud Mr. T. S. Porter. St. Peter's, Glenelg—Bev. T. Field and Mr. W. S. Douglas. St. Stephen's, Willunga -Bey. E. MiUer and Mr. A. Spenee. St. George's Gawler—Bev. Canon Coombs, and Messrs. T. O. Jones and J. Thomley. C_-istchurch, Kapunda—Bev. J. M. Donald son, and Messrs W. Bariow and W. D. Scott. St Mary's, Burra—Mr. F. A. Grant. St. John's, Mount Peasant—Bey. B. W. Holden. St. Tetei's, Kobe—Mr. J. He ide-rsoa. Christ church. Mount Gambier—M„_s. B. P. Grundy and F. Halcomb. . Christchurch,Yankalilta—Bev. C.W.Morse. St. John's, Macclesfbrd—Kev. H. Bevis. St. Mary's, Echunga—Bev. H. Bevis. Holy Trinity, ______ —Bey. J. Houghton and Mr. J. Eoswarth. St. James's, Glenbum—Mr. J. Lord. St. Michael's, Bangaree—Bev. B. B. Webb and Mr.G. W. Hawkes. Bt. Bainabas, Clare—Bey. E. B. Webb. St. John's, Auburn—Bey. C. W. Hawkins, and Messrs. J. W. Cat _ne and J. S. Anthony. St. Mary's, Wallaroo—Bey. C. G. Taolin.and Mr. G. W. Sillifant. St. Martin's, CampbeUtown — M-. H. B. Downer. St. Jude's, Brighton—Rev. H. Williams and Mr. H. Dufcton. Holy 3__i%,Lynd____—Bev. A Sells. St Augustine _ Port Augusta—Mr. T. G. Plfcjdell. Tbe following clergy also hold the licence of the Bishop, and axe on the roll:—B _-_. F. Williams, J. C. Haynes, J. Orchard (deicon), C. C. Elcum, J. H. Corvan, and W. B. Stanford. Archdeacon Merryatt tooveA the adoption at the roll and that tiie report be receive L Mr. H. S. Anthony seconded the motion, which was carried. Apologies for unavoidable absence were received from the Beys. EL M. Pollitt, EL Howith, E. T. HowcU, aad W. F. Marshall. After the noil had beea calk 1 the Lord Bishop appointed the Key. C. C. Elcum reporter, the S. Green clerical secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes _y secretary to Synod during the session. _L___ao-* com__.'_■. The Sallowing gentlemen were constituted au Blectien Committee—Archdeacon Manyatt, Dr. \- en-dy, Bey. S. Green, and Messrs. EL. B. Grundy and. A. Spenee. AP-__S- An appeal was received from St. Peter's Church, Waiiamstown, against the decision of the Election Committee. The?w. A. Sei__ proposed that tbe Williamstown parish be added to the roll of those parishes entitled to send, -epresentatives to Synod. Mr Webb seconded tbejmotion. The Bey. S. Gbeisn ob served that there were two questions involve! in the proposition, via, the rea-__abl__e>. oi the salary offered to the clergyman by the church and the declaration of the trusts. The ceitidcate ot title was in tbe hands of the Syncd, but it was not understood that it was the wcrk of the Synod to declare on their trusts. St. Peter's Church must do two things. It lut'st ask for the declaration of the _-___>,aad show that a reasonable income or a reasonable part of an income bad been provided for their minister. I__t year only £37105. had bsen paid by this and two other churches to their clergy man. The letter containing the appeal said th .t the sum raised was what was required by tho Bishop. With aU due respect lo His Lordship there Was a difreYGtaee of opinion between His £_—hip and _c Synod. Before a Ch-trch •.old take part in the government of the diocese in tempo__ties it must contribute a fair amount as income to the clergyman. It was a -matter for the consideration of the Synod what Waaa fair salary or a fair part of a salary to tbe •lergyman. The Rev. A. Sell., replying to Mr.Green,explained the reason of the smallness of tbe salary contributed by the churches con nected with St. Peter's mentioned in the report ef the Election Committee. Archdeacon ___ryat proposed as an amendment that the discussion be postponed until resolution 17, defining the reasonable income to be paid to a clergyman, was settled by Synod. Mr. A_rno_r Seconded the amendment, which was carried. Mr. H. DcTTOH>noved,andthe Rev. Hartley W_____s seconded, that St. Jude's Church. Brighton, be allowed to send a second repre sentative to Synod. The application was based Upon the fact that tbe parish waa entitlel to send two Synodsmen to Synod before it was amalgamated with another. As the two Churches hsd subsequently separated.St. Jude's claim its former privilege. Considerable dis cussion ensued on the application, and the Bey. W. G. Bobinson moved as an amendment, an I Dr. Foster seconded— <• That tbe matter stand ever and be dealt with similarly to tbe preced ing application." The amendment was lost, and the original motion was then put and carried. ______ OW STATE OF DIOCESE. The Bishop' 6 report was read as follows: — So rapid and often unexpected are the changes which occur in the young life of a colony that even a twelvemonth's absence comprehends within its brief space considerable and im portant alterations. We miss old familiar faces, and we are introduced to new circumstances and new conditions of our social existence. Even in Church life, so fixed and staid in the mother country, sudden vicissitudes in this diocese have occurred, which, startling at the moment, bave scarcely yet subsided into obli vion, and can hardly fail still |to give pain to those who were unwillingly mixed up with them. Happily for my__f I was delivered from being an eye-witness of the events whizh for a time caused a breach in the walls of our Zion. Among those wbo have departed from among ni) I must mention the kind and gentle spirit of the Bey. Octavius Hammond, who sank quietly into a peaceful grave through gradual ■bodily decay. He was a man of considerable skill in surgery, and of cultivated taste in art. The son of a respected rector in England, he recalled many of the features of that excellent class of men; grave, well learned, thoughtful, Bound in doctrine, and exemplary in life, who impart the moral tone to village life, and are _ruly spiritual fathers to young and old; loved -and respected by those who attended on his ministry; dear to tbe ample-minded natives of Poooindie, his latter -years were useful and happy. His end was peace, aud it should be mentioned as a testimony to his real worth that the inmates of the Poonindie institution have subscribed liberally to erect a monument to his memory. The -ure of Miteham having also become -vacant the Bey. F. Hocter accepted the incum bency, and at Mount Gambier was succeeded by the Bey Dr. Craig, who formerly, as missionary, bad done good service in various of our rural districts, supplying services, organising congre gations, directing and encouraging Sunday schools and their teachers, improving the music and furniture of the many churches. After a long absence be returns to the diocese in an isolated cure, where a priest of experience is especially needed. St. Mary's, on the South-road, with O'Halloran Hill Church, has been acceptably occupied by the Rev. W. Robinson, T.C.D., whose health at present is not overtaxed by that cure, relieved as it now is from the township of Brighton. The latter congregation has fallen once more under the care of its former pastor, the Rev. Hartley Williams. Rev. Mr. Bach has found employ vent in the diocese of Tasmania. These changes, caused by death and other circumstances of no pleasing character, must needs have caused much anxiety and infinite trouble to the Vicar-General, Dean Russell. In my own, and I trust in your name, I tender him hearty thanks for the arrangements he succeeded in carrying through. There was no one, how aver, to replace Dr. Hammond at Port Lincoln ; and the cure of St. Thomas's, with the mission to the West Coast as well as the shores of Spencer's Gulf, still remained unfilled. ; Fortu nately for the spiritual wants of the diocese the Bey. G. H. Farr placed his services at the disposal of the % .car-General for missionary work and the supply of vacant churches. I regard that Mission Chaplaincy and the visita tion tour which Mr. Farr accomplished as both of exceeding value. The Chaplaincy I trust -bom henceforth will form part of our standing diocesan organization. Tbe visitation tour is already producing increased animation, and the desire among the members of the Church of England both in the South-East and Port Lincoln districts to supply themselves with the suoistry of grace. During my stay in England, looking to the spiritual wants of this extensive and sparsely peopled colony in its agricultural areas, I was successful in securing the services of three additional clergymen—the Bey. O. C. Elcum, priest, and two deacons, who were ordained at my recommendation by the Bishop of Chester, Bey. B. P. Dodd, and Bey. W. Orchard. Even this addition to our clergy, besides that of Dr. drug and the Bey. G. H. _arr (now ministering in the new Semaphore Church), is still insuffi cient for the growing wants of our people. To Port Lincoln, as being most in need, I have sent Mr. Orchard, though only in deacon's orders, because for ten years at Cbeadle he was a ______ and preacher, well esteemed among the Oongregationalists. He bad received the strongest testimonials from the Rector of Ashby-de-la _ouch and other clergymen of our Church, and waa recommended to my notice by the Organizing Secretary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Active, zealous, and in_ the vigor of manhood, be is capable of much mission work; while by the ministry of the Word he is well calculated to gather into the fold the dispersed and scattered sheep. Mr. Dodd was despatched by the Vicar- General to Jamestown, and has made a very favorable commencement of his ministry, which comprises Caltowie on the west, Belalie and __Bg?la on the east, as well as Mannanarie and Orroroo to the north. Melrose, Wilmington, Quorn, and the more Northern townships and stations are still with out regular pastoral visitation, although in the early part of the year the Archdeacon of Flinders travelled as far as Port Augusta and Quorn, encouraging and strengthening aU to •whom he ministered to continue steadfast in the faith and worship. X should be unjust if in this connection I were to omit mention of the able missionary organizing tour which Archdeacon Marryat accomplished in the South-East, at a time wheu the contemplated removal of Mr. Hocter from Mount Gambier to Miteham seemed to leave that portion of the diocese in hopeless anl irremediable destitution. He, however, suc ceeded in arranging a scheme of missionary services to be supplied by the Bey. W. B__ell at Babe, Millicent, Penola, Narracoorte, and Kingston, in succession; who I am happy to report, though a young deacon, has secured the respect and regard of those among whom he ministers. The visit of Mr. Fair, following shortly after, supplied by the administration of the Lord's Supper in those Churches the lack of that essential ordinance. This mission, however, needs strengthening by the addition of a priest, -who will I believe arrive among us from Tas mania—the Bey. H. Hughes—at the beginning of July. In the meantime I hope to send some clergyman in priest's orders round the district. The supply of a new congregation formed at Two Wells and a monthly visit to Maitland, Ardrossan, and Kilkerran make large demands on tbe time and energy of my domestic and missionary chaplain, the Bey. C. Elcum. A great calamity also has befallen the colony, and rrar own Church in its degree, in the partial suspension of work at the Moonta and Wallaroo Mines. Tbe Church at Moonta can no longer maintain a minister and pay the interest on its debt. The cure was vacated by Mr. Cor van, aud bas provisionally been placed under its former pastor, the Bey. C G. Tapb'n. Meanwhile Maitland, Ardrossan, and Kilkerran bave lost their regular visit from the pastor of Moonta, Mr. Corvan, who has succeeded to the mission cure of Laura, with Gladstone and Georgetown southwards and Wirrabarra and Charlton to the north. It will be seen from this rapid survey of the diccese that our Church, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the posts she has taken up. Inadequately occupied, indeed, for lack of clergy in full orders of priesthood, still her services are ministered from Mount Gambier to Streaky Biy, and from Beltana by Port Augusta to South Yorke's Peninsula; at Edith burg, Stansbury, Yorketown, Miulatou, Diamond Lake by the Key. W. Marshall; in Kangaroo Island by the Rev. C. Morse ; also at Cape Jervis. Glenburn, and Meningie, biek along the Biver Murray at Wilmington, too, aud Morgan, Beys. H. Bevis and Donaldson (from Strathaibyn and Kapunda) bold occasional services. It only needs indeed a good supply of active missionary clergy to extend the ministra tions of the Church of England through the length and breadth of the land. They should be "sons of consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost." But if we are to be blessed with _u<_ a fljjni-try tbey in_t be relieve- from the heart-wearing -Bares of narrow and ins uffioieot stipends. The laborer is worthy of his hire. I must sorrowfully confess he does not get it on the voluntary principle in the rural districts. The origin and need of the mendicant orders of preaching Friars in the Medieval Church is abundantly illustrated among the scattered farming population of this great colony. I know not how their spiritual wants are to be met,except by sending "brothers" two and two, who from certain centres shall evangelize the neighboring districts. _ And here we are compelled to face the ques tion of parochial incumbencies and mission cures. I would not indeed place them in antagonism, but regard the one as preparatory, the ether as subsequent and supplemental. The history of tbe Society for the Propagation of tbe Gospel is the embodiment of this idea. In 1703 it was incorporated by King William lU. as the Missionary Society for the Plantations and Settlements in America. Bead the earlier accounts of its labors in Georgia, Carolina, Vir gi_ia,Pe_nsylvania,ortheuort_ern Mew England States, and you will see the spiritual condition of countries large as this, but by no means so well 'supplied with clergy as this colony at the close of the first generation of its settlers. Tbe great Church of tbe United States, with its sixty Bishops, as well an the dioceses under the Metropolitan of Montreal, awe their present existence to the missionaries sent out by the Society for tbe Propagation of the Gospel. This diocese was founded under the same auspices ; its first clergymen were five in number, three of whom—viz., Beaumont, Farrell, and Woodcock —came out under the auspices of that Society. The property in Leigh- street was given to it for the missionary settlement of this colony. It so continues. Bat tbe need cf a continuous supply of clergy from England had also forcibly struck the mind of that far-see—g and able colonist, W. Browne, Esq. Accordingly he set on foot the Church of England Endowment Society for two great purposes—one the improvement of the income of parochial incumbents through endowments ; the other, increasing the number of missionary clergy from England. That So ciety has accordingly supplied passage-money and guaranteed an income for two years at least to fresh clergy, and to it we owe tbe accession of the Beys. Messrs. Dendy, Elcum, Dodd, and Orchard. Looking, then, to tbe enormous area now occupied by agricultural settlers, the numerous townships which are springing np, as well as the interior pastoral districts recently occapied from Eucla round by the Gawler Ranges to Lakes Gardner and Eyre, and away to the Borders of, Queensland and New South Wales, I would ask how, without travelling missionaries, can the Church of England in any degree shep herd those" few sheep in the wilderness," which nominally belong to her? Well and wisely, therefore, did tbe Vicar-General, with the ad vice of Archdeacon Marryat, appoint provi sionally the Bey. G H. Farr to act as " mis sionary chaplain." He visited the South- East aad Western districts, but the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel could do no more than supply one quarter's salary. That, however, sufficed to ebow tbe wisdom of the plan. Tbe Church of England Endowment Society, how ever, in the terms of its trust, has supplied means for increasing the number of English clergy, and I have had the satisfaction of en gaging the services of the Rev. Herbert Hughes, an English clergyman now acting ai organising and missionary chaplain to the Bishop of Tasmania. I have received strong assurance of his tried capacity for tbe mission work in the new parochial districts. It remains for the people themselves on tbe stations and rural townships to do their part towards sus taining tbe missionaries and paying the ex penses of his travel. And now, without diminishing aught from the steady pl.tis of endowing parochial settled districts (not mere isolated Churches), I must affirm that the missionary work of the diocese has an equal, if not prior claim. Tbe settled congregations are richer and abler to contribute toward the stipends of clergy than the laboring population which is settled on scattered farms. Captain Allen had these country clergy very much in view when he endowed the Pastoral Aid Fand. Until the last two years that fund has tchotfy been absorbed in augmenting the incomes of th settled and endoiced parishes. At least oue moiety I feel, as trustee, ought to be claimed for tbe missionary districts. I will conclude by commendiog this important subj*__ to the care ful consideration of Synod, as by tbe funda mental provision No. 18 the •* spiritual care of members of onr Church not residing in any parish * is to be provided for by means of "" or dained missionaries licensed by the Bishop" But how shall tbey be sent without the aid of theCE.E.S. and the Allen Fund . The following list of rural townships, uot included in any parish where divine service is from time to time held by missionary clergy men, shows the extent of the work. Omitting that portion of the col-jny lying within the Murray and St. Vincent Gulfs, Cape Jerris, and tbe Biver Broughton, the diocese may be conveniently divided into three missionary districts— 1. The Archdeaconry of Flinders; 2. The South-Eastern District; 3. The country west of Spencer's Gulf. Townships in No. 1 are Port Broughton, Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, Georgetown, Gladstone, Laura, Wirrabara, Cal towie, Jamestown, B sialic, Yongala, Orroioo. Melrose, Wilmington, Quorn, Hallett.Gottlieb's Wells, Terowie, Sliding Rock, and Beltana. [N JJ.—Port Augusta, Port Pirie, Laura, and Jamestown have resident ministers. _ Barunga and Green's Plains are visited by Rev! C. G. Taplin from Wallaroo; Maittand, Kilker ran, ArdrosEan, by Bey. C. C. Elcum ; Yorke town, Mount Bat, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, Stansbury. and Edithburgh are served by the Bey. W.F. Marshall. 2\. South- Eastern District contains Meningie, Kingston, Kobe, Milliceut, Penola, Narracoorte, and Rivoli Bay North. 3\. West Coast, Port Lincoln, Tumby Bay, Lake Wangary, Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and many stations. I cannot close my report without briefly adverting to our Sunday -school' Union, au.l the excellent gathering of the children at the Cathedral for afternoon service, with as address from tbeir Bishop. Their reverential be havior and intelligent answering to the questions I put them denoted careful and thoughtful teaching. It is a hopeful sign for the future of our young people. Through some oversight, I presume, no iulor mation was previously given me as to the schools or the number of children which would attend. Last year, wheu tbe Bishop of Mel bourne addressed the children, one thousand were said to have been present. The public also was admitted. On the late occasion, how ever, it was thought necessary to exclude by advertisement the general public and to procure additional benches; but the accommodation was insufficient, and this suggests that either two Sundays should be devoted to a children's service—one for the schools of the city, num bering about one thousand, and the other for the suburban and country schools—or that a select portion of the elder children only of each school should be brought to tbe Cathedral. It was, at all events, a touching eight to look up in so many young ac uls gathered together, and hear them join heartily in the hymns of praise, accompanied by the noble organ, the gift of the women of South Australia to the Cathedral of the diocese. I trust I may be permitted again to see such a gathering, and encourage our young people "to fear the Lord from their yo-th." l-E-DBT OF THE STANIIINi. COMMITTEE. Ou the motion of the Bey. S. Gbken, seconded by the Bey. J. Foujutt , the following report Has taken as read:— Matters referred by Synod.—lncorporated Church of England Endowment Society—Your Committee proceeded to act on tbis minute by proposing that a Conference should be held between a sub-Committeee and the Board of Directors of the I.C.EJS.S. for the purpose of reconciling all matters of difference between the Synod and the Society, but the Board was unwilling to accede to the proposal during the absence of the Bishop. Ob the 12th February last the Secre tary wrote to the Board by tbe direction of your Committee, asking for a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the cur rent year, and of the amount that could be paid over to Synod during the same period for the endowment of Churches. The information was duly supplied, and is printed elsewhere. On the 28th of March the following minute was re ceived from the Board, and is now referred to the consideration of the Synod:—E___ t from minutes of meeting of Church of England Eu dowment Society held on 21st March, 1879:— " 1. The Board of DirectorsoftheSocietyhaving considered the question at issue between the Standing Committee of Synod and this Society as to the'distribution and application' of the net annual income of the Society have resolved —1. Tbat it is the duty of the President and Board of Directors for the time being to determine how to apply suchnet annual income towards increasing (firstly) the stipends of incumbents by endowments, and (secondly) the number of the Diocesan clergy. 2. That the sums voted for such purposes are to be paid over to tbe Diocesan Synod for' application and distribution' according to the terms of the ' recommendation' made in writing, and accom panying such payments. 3. That it is in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod to alter and amend Midi recommendation, hut 4. That the ;._ai dtcitic h' aa to the mod« of the application of such funds (whether accord ing to tbeir own recommendation or that recommendation as amended by Synod) rests with tbe President and Board of Directors. With respect to the application of the vet annual income 1879, the Directors have determined to make the following recommendation, viz.:— Tbat a sum of £500 shall be paid by the Society to the Synod for the endowment of Churches within the diocese of Adelaide. N.B.—They recommend that in future each parish to be endowed should pay oue moiety of the whole endowment of £500, that £100 should be paid by the parish as the first instalment, and the balance liquidated by three yearly payments of £50. The Directors have also resolved, having regard to the Vicar-General's appointment (.ad vised by Archdeacon Marryat and the Com mittee of Missionary Advioe) of a 'travelling and organising missionary' (provisionally the Key. G. H. Farr), to recommend tbe payment of £-00 to the Bishop towards the support of a similar missionary, aud for increasing from England or elsewhere the number of the diocesan clergy. £600 will scarce suffice for the payment of such travelling aud organising mis sionary, and payment of passaeg-money and stipends to such clergymen. Tiie two sums of £5-0 and £600 absorb tbe whole amount of the annual income available for 1879." | South Australian Total Abstinence League I and Band of Hope Union. —In accordance with the instruction given in this minute they re- I plied to the letter received from this Society asking Synod to aid iv the promotion of sobriety i among the people. | Mission Committee of Advice.—They <__eted | the Yen. Archdeacon Dove and Mr. W. D. Scott |to act on this Committee. j The Late Bishop of Lichfield.—On reci:ipt of i the announcement of the death of the late | Bishop of Lichfield they passed a rct-o'.utiou e | pressing their secse of tbe great loss the whole | Church had si .tamed, aud their sympathy with ; bis son, the Bisbop of Melanesia, in tbis heavy ! affliction. ] Other Bu?ine_>. -The Committee now pro i ceed to those other matters which have occu | pied their attention from time to time d tirin_ 1 the past year:—Assessment.—They estimate j tbe expenditure for the ensuing jear at £283, 1 and recommend an assessment at 8.1. per sitting let, as .per statistical returns of 1877-8, ' amounting toj___. 13s. Bd., being at the same ! rate as for the last four years. The whole of the assessments for the past year have b,-en I paid, producing sufficient to cover the expeudi | ture and leave a balance in hand of £72 18«. ..j. No new churches have been added to the list. Schedule C. —They are not prepared to re commend Synod to place any Churches in this schedule during tbe present session. Table of Collections, _c. —They present a table showing thejaniount* received from each Church for the various funds, the amounts paid as grants-in-aid of clerical incomes, and the pro j posed assessment for 1879-80. The following is i a comparative statement of the totals of these amounts for the past two years:—Beceived, 1877-B—Synodal assessment, £242 195.; Rome Mission, £185 14s. lid.; Mission to the Heathen. £1.0 12s. 1.78-9—Synodal assessment, £-'■?. Bs. 6d.; Home Mission, £184 6s. Id.; Mission to the Heathen, £107 4s. Id. Paid—Grants in-sid of clerical incomes, 1877-8, £iS3 os. 4J.; do., 1878, £402 3s. 4d. Home Mission Fund.—They have again paid the grants-in-aid of clerical incomes ac full scale. Mission to the Heathen.—They have voted tbe whole of the funds placed at their aispasal to the Melanes-BB Mission. Endowment of Church.-.—During the p_=t year All Saints', Moonta, lias been endowed to tbe maximum amount of £500, the parish sub scribing _2Xi, and the Incorporated Chun-hot Knglaud Endowment Society contrib itmg _:.>►>. This Society estimates that it can pay over t.i Synod the sum of £'-". >0 during t! . y_ir !.-.:? towards the .udowni.nt of churches. A s._ u_ has been drawn up whereby ctrire!i*_ wi'l ),. encouraged to endow gradually, _.-., in «>im-?: not less thai £10 trepresenting au iuc.i'u.- or £0 per annum), aud uot exceeding £__JO. S'.i.ml.l the funds available not be Buiiici.-ut to nice: .id the application* received, parishes w.ii be .-ill..Will to pay in lh- ir quota on dep_.it. i -.in which the attorneys .if the S.P.G. have : ..;. '. tv allow 10 jn-r cent, inter.:-!. to be c >u*:n i.-.l till the enJ.iwoi. n*? are _ nn^l.-t- 1. C:r.-i.i: giving the details ..!' the _h.-me ha-..* been -• ,t to all Ckure'ies un eu-iou- 1 or o:.ly pir.ia'ly endowed. Schedule A i.C_u_.-b_> K-c.i-.iin; Ai-1 -.- No .-hurdles have b'-eu a-ldel to this s.heliie dvi ing the past je.ir. Vacant Cure*' Endowment.—The Trei .irer has reo-ived £24 9s. 2-1. from this sour.-.- .luriui: the year, and has made certain p.iymeui-, ie_v [ ing a balance in hand ol £'.! li. . 0 1. Ana Mission Fund.—This fund ha*- been found very useful for tin- purpose- for which it !?— raised, and tile -Standing Committee nconi mend it to the liberality of churchui.u. Model Trust Deed.—Ynur Commit. . r_*om : hi. ud that a clause be added to the M. lei Tr.ist Died regulating the management of ceai*-t< ries, j and suggest that it might be similar to that i_ , t-hoolboiises, No. . ; anil they al .i rec-mi- neiid ' Synod to decide whether the Mole! Trust D_?l | should contain a clause giving SyuoJ power of ; sale. j Trusts of Various Funds.—Y-ur Committee have been advised that it is necessary for Synod |to give formal declarations of trust for the fol ! lowing funds :—The General Synodal Eu.low j ment of Churches Fund, the Clergy Widow and i Orphan Fund, aud the Clergy Annuity Fund. ! Formal resolutions will be submitted for cou -1 side-ration. ! Christcburch, O'Uatloran Hill.—An applica ' ttion was received respecting the completion of | the schoolroom at O'lialloran Hill, aud asking I that it might be conveyed to live trustees for | the purposes of au Institute, _c. After careful j end prolonged consideration the Standing Coui | mitt _ resolved that th.-y had no power to I comply with the application. | St. Aug_t_-, Virginia.—ln cou .queuco of j the jie. uiiar position of St. Augiistiu'n. Virginia, the Couiinittee recommend that the as_____-_t ; for 1.79 feU be remitted, and that tbe ciroiui i stance* of this Church be taken iulo favorable '■ consideration by the Synod. j Return of the Lord Bishop.—Ou the _7th of ; February last the Lord Bishop return.-1 to the diocese, and was met at the Church Ollice, where an address of v eleonie wa-* presented to him. sigued on behalf of Synod by the iK-au aud the Secretary. The late U'sho.. of Newcastle.— Your Com mittee recomnieud Synod to pass a resolution ••ilinssiug its regret at the loss the Diocese of Newcastle has sustained through the deithof l th. Kiybt Kivuviml Walter Tyrrell, aud it* alniiiatiou of the character and labors of the deceased l.ishop. The Secretary hsti-1.-.l iv the variousaccjuuts, uhk-h were taken as read. CI.HU.JV. WI-MIVY. ANII ORI-lIAS I I-.U. The Committee ri-j-rteil as lulloivs: -"All the premiums are paid. Two clergyiueu have joined the fund ; one has died, aud his widow has been placed on the list of annuitants; and tur.-e have withdrawn from the fund on leaving the diocete, receiving together the sum of £:<_ 10s., being 50 per cent, of the premiums which they had paid iv; consequently tiie funds .ire relieved from all liability in respect of them. The total worth of the funds is £ of which £320 7s. 3d. is invested in land, aud £5,590 on mortgage, producing au income vary ing from 6to 10 per cent. The income for the year ending June 30. 1678, was £578 10s. Id., and the expenditure £IS9 lis. Id., the balance, £388 l'Js., being net profit. Iv accordance with the resolution of last Synod, the annuitants now ; receive £10 per annum." i ___!_.- as _ vii.- -__.>. I The Committee reported to the following j client -.—" The income for the past year h_ I>—u £462 18s. !M., the expenditure £30 !)_. 1 J., leaving a net profit of £132 9a. ._., which, to gether with the amount brought forward from last year, gives a net result of £1,229 16s. sd. as the present worth of the funds. Of this sum | £170 3s. fid. lias beeu subscribed totheGuarant.-e I Fund. Donations have produced £17 10*. fl.l. For the ensuing year promises of subscriptious to the Guarantee Fund have beeu received amounting to £71175. Od.; the attorneys of the S.P.G. promise to supplement subscriptions aud donations pound for pound up to a maximum of £100; he_ _inordertoclaimthisamountiu full, -n_dditioualsumof£2B_s._d.mi_it_esub—i-ibed, which they trust will be forthcoming. There are uo arrears of either premium or interest. The num ber of clergy subscribing is 30 out of 41, the number licensed in tbe diocese; oue subscriber to the fund has died during the past year, and one has resigned, aud one new subscriber has joined the fund. The whole of the funds are invested except a small balance of £1 Is. 5d., £1,-80 beiui; lent on mortgage, yielding an iu come varyiugfrom 7 tolOpercent., and £113_15?. being invested in laud. The fund is now avail able for annuitants, the Capital Guarautee Fund having reached the minimum of _1,0-JO; tLcy trust that during the ensuing year it will reach the amount contemplated by Synod, £1,500. Clll__riA_ KNOWLEDGE SOCIETY ____CH. A report was read from the Committee ap pointed by Synod stating that " A meeting o the Committee was beld, and a circular ad dressed to all the clergymen and Church wardens of the diocese was adopted, calling attention to the claims of the venerable Society, as one the great handmaids of the Church since its establishment in 1695, and for the support and _ ii t_u!.y of all i_e__K-_ vf our Church, and particularly in this diocese, for tbe liberal dona tions given in aid of education and the ministration of religion in South Australia. Three hundred circulars, with the same number of collecting cards, were issued iv October, 1878. Your Commit'ee have been iuformed that the Lord Bishop has made arrangements for a supply of boohs, to be sent to an agent for sale in tbis diocese, from the venerable Society. The teachers of All Saints' School, Hindmar-h, have resolved to aid the Society by quarterly collections in Match, June, September, and De cember; the first collection, £2 10s. Cd., has , been received. When a sum of £20 is collected I it is proposed to remit tbat sum as a first dona tion towards the new offices the Society is build ing in London.'' __HOWM__ T SOCIETY KEPOIIT. The following is a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the year ending 31st December, 1879, and of tbe amount than can be paid over to Synod during the year 1879 towards the cudowment of churches: —Esti- mated net income for the year. £1,0-'); overdue rente and interests from 1878, £l-_); unex pended vote to Synod for 187S, £200—total, £1,350. Application of Fuud—Uuexpeu led vote to the Lord Bishop, £250 ; vote for the year 1879 for missionary purposes, and for the impor tation of clergy, £«>.} •._ CSSt). Estimat,*.! balance that cau be paid to Synod during 1879 towards tbe endowment of churches, upen their I application aud advice that the parish has con tributed its portion (inclusive of the above £200 voted in 1878),£500. sTAsnis.; ci._-ji.i_e. The following gentlemen were elected ofh'-e -bearers and'a Stand ing Committee to the Synod for the ensuing year:—Treasurers, Messrs. 11. Dut ton and W. S. DJuglas; Auditors, Messrs. H. D. Holmes and A. Spenee; Committee, Revs. S. Greon, lf.M. Pollitt, Archdeacon Dove, Arch deacon Marryat, Dr. Dendy, Canon Farr. W. 11. Andrews Messrs. H. S. Anthony, J. H. Cun ningham. W. Barlow, "W. D. Scott, A. Spenee, G. W. Hawkes. H. E. Downer, L. G. Madley, lE. B. Grundy, F. Ualcomb, J. C. Bray. H. D.it Con, ' and Dr. GoF.e. ! COMMITTEE OK A .PEA 1.. The following wire elected a CVmimitlee of i Appeal :—Tbe Key. E. T. Howell, Messrs. H. E. Downer, and W. D. Scott. ' ASSESSOUS. [ The following were chosen Assessors for the , ensuing year:—Archdeacon Marryat, the Revs. ' Canon Coombs, Canon Farr, Dr. Dendy, S. Green, W. B. T. Andrews, and Messrs J. H. Cunningham, G. A. Connor, W. S. Douglas, E. !B. Grundy, L. G. Madley, and H. Dutton. __r_K_l*- TATIVES TO THE Gl_* EIIAI. SYNOD. The following gentlemen were elected to represent tbe Diocese at the next General Synod -.—Dean Russell, Archdeacou Marryat, KevF. Caoun Farr, S. Green. J. T. Hocter, and Messrs. H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, W. . Barlow, A. S|-cnce, and J. H. Cunningham. Emergency — Archdeacon Dove, Rev. F. S. Poole, Messrs. F. Grant, and T. Hickson. I Hlil.T-Ul-KCU, NORTH ADEIAIDE. A petition was received from Christcburch, North Adelaide, asking tbat the boundaries of the parish might be accurately defined. Re ferred to Standing Committee. < _B_i>_o!."_E_ ca. The following letter addressed to Synod was read : —*' I venture to hope that I shall be d -emed justified in appealing to the Synod for enquiry into the following circumstances. That there is now reason to believe tbat it was through an ad mitted misapprehension of the facts by the pre sent Lord Bishop aud Very Bey. Dean of Ade laide tbat I bave been unintentionally and irretrievably ruined in worldly estate through tbe Law Courts. That as a natural conse*j ueuce of such misapprehension au.l procedure 1 have Ik _n and am still shut out from a fair share ot impl...;ment, for self-supjiort, notwithstanding that hy the grarr «>f t'o.t I have health aud attaiiiui. n:s equal tube useful tor a livclih:<_ 1 in any Gi>*.rnm.-nt. li.-iiartim ut or nierra-i'il. e_Ub_ _._i«u _ 1 h-ui'.ly beg 1-_v«- therefjre to apjeal with dm- lever.-rice to the Synod to alfoni ni<\- au opportunity, tin- above-m<-u;i_i.-d .'irL-iiiiiMai.ee*.. :iud uf producing document* and UMin-.ouialx iv my ]__.•.■«,- on from otli.-rs in Mil poit thereof. Trusting that d.'fects owin^ t-> my loucliu.--* in tiie i-ompo-it ion of thi*. le--er stay he allowed fnr an! .\cif.d. —1 have, .Vc , li. Gn.ri i.r *.*■ • ovns.a member of the I'h-ir.-h of Bufjai.d. Ainvcd In-for.-the |>r< -!a?iati_m of tin- -ilony iht Cygnet. S.'ptemb.T, I!*.'!.."' A l.riif iii?ci.-si..n enme.t, during whii-li sever..! rni'n.NT- of the SiU'?J e_p-_..-*.-,l tln-.r inubiliri to understand what tl.e letter referred to. I.V- O'iin!. MO I lON.-. The following motions were dealt with : — Prop.*..l l>y .Mr.G.W.HAWKr. ,audseou.l. --l by Mr. T. S. F_i..__, '• That the thank- of the Synod a_« tint- to Hia lordship the Bishop for hi- valuable P-u-tor-l Address aud R.-port, aud that tl.ey, with the Mali.-:«_il returns, b_ printed iv tin- Report of Synod." Carried. His Lord-hip briefly acknowledged thecomplinieut. j Pr-ipo- d by Mr. W. S. D..i <,i__.s. seconded l.y the Rev. Canon C'liovii-,-* That the reports of ' the Standing Committee, the Clergy Widow au.l Orjlihu Fund, the Clergy Auuuity Fund, aud the .-..F.C.K. Committee be received, taken as ; n-a.l, and publishe> lin the report." Carried. I'roj _*e*l by Mr. <-. W. Hawke-*. seconded by Mr. .1. Tiiiii.-Ki.KV," That the balance-sheet of the j Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, I li.7f>,and the accounts of the Clergy Widow aud Orphan Fund,and Clergy Annuity l-'uud be ; received, adopted, and published in the report." ; Carried. Proposed by the Rev. S. Ghkh. , seconded by | Mr. A. Jon>•-, and carried, - That the thank*, of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the S.P.G , i tiie Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the i Committees of the Iv cor- .orat. d Church of 1 England En.luwiii.-ut Society,aud the Melauesiau I Miction, for their account-, reports, aud statis- I tical returns, au.l that they lie rec-.-ived and ! pui'i.b.d in the report." Propose.! by Mr. W. S. D.v .;i.?-,sec.uded by Mr. .1. 11. Ci s nis(-iia_. "That ihe a-sc-smenl for Syn.-.lal expenses lie as proposed by the Standing Committee." < *arried. I _-<\--.__- by the Rev. S. G_i__i. second.*d by ] Mr. J. W. Cam-ink, -That th.- lievs. li. M. : Pollitt. W.G. Robinson, and S. <>r. m, and the Secretary, be a Couimiuei' to .dit the report of Synod." Carried. j Proposed by the Yen. Archdeacou Mahuiai, j . ecud - 1 by the Rev. Canon Fai-k. ■■ That the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fuud report be i adopted." Carried. lVi.fMe-.-d by the Veuer.ihJe Archhaem M.Miiililj?.coudc.i liythe Rev. Canon Faui:, "That the Clergy Annuity Fuud R;pott be ! adopted." Carried. Ciinon I AHit read a letter that Mr. Hawkes had rie.-iv.-d from a cleigyuiau residing in the liciuily of IV rt Elliot. Tl.e writer !-aidth..ta reference to an enclosed list of subscribers to the fund in i-iic-tiou would show that much more might be done towards augmenting the fund il th.- clergy would l.iku it up i_ a hearty man ner, but ol a list of 71 subscribers the large pro portion of 22 had beeu secured iv tint excee.l , iugly poor district, owing to the matter having \ been brought well uu.ter the notice of the Church people by the incumbent uf that district. The amount subscribed was vet large, £13 -is., but if ihe whole uf the clergy would only set to work iv the baitie way it would give au addition to the funds of over £400, wbich continued for three years would be of very material assistance. The writer believed that small sums would be readily subscribed by Church people. Canon Farr directed attention to another point, viz. the statement that the fund was now available for annuitants. It might be perhaps thought desirable by Synod to ti_ what amount the annuity should be, in case any application were made for it. In the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund the amount was fixed at £10 pr annum. Au animated discussion ensued ou Canon Farr's remarks. On the motion of Arch deacon M_r_;v.M the following gentlemen were elected a Committee to collect subscriptions towards the object:—Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, J. H. Cunningham, and E. 11. Grundy, with power to add to their uunibtr. Proposed by the Rev. S. Guke*. aud seconded by Mr. W. S. Bonn as, *■ That Clause i? of Schedule A of the trust deed of the Clergy Widow aud Orphan Fund be struck out, aud the following inserted iv place thereof: — ' Clergymen licensed by the Bishop subsequently to May Ist, 1-7. may secure the benefit of tbe fuud within one year of obtaining their licence by permission of the Standing Committee ou production of a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Committee of thoir being iv sound liealtb, and by contributing as follows: —1. Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £_ per aunu.n. 2\. Married clergymen aud widowers with a child, £1 per aunum. After tbe ex piration of the above term of oue year, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provisions of the fuud by permission of the Stai.diue Committee, on producing a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Com mittee of their being iv sound health, and ou pay ment of double the amouut of the arrears of subscription, reckoned from tbe date of their being licensed by the l.ishop." Carried. Proposed by Mr. H. S. Aj.*iHONv,audse_on by the Rev. Canon Coomus—"Tliat the Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Ade laide, Incorporated, accepts the properties and funds now belonging aud which may hereafter belong to the Clergy Annuity Fund, in trust for the purposes and objects declared thereof by the deed declaring tbe same which has beeu pro pared, aud directs that the common seal of the said Synod shall be affixed thereto accordingly.' Carried. Proposed by Mr. T. O. Johes, and seconded by Mr. J. Tho_h__y—"That the Synod of tbe Church of England in the Diocese of Ade laide Incorporated, hereby authorises and directs the trustees for tbe time being of the Endowment of Churches Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the said Synod the pro perties and funds belonging to the trusts speci- ! tied in a certain deed declaring trusts of the said funds, whicli bears date the fifth day of January, ia the year 1868, and is executed by Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bisbop of Ade laide, and John Morphett, the Trustees named therein, to hold the said properties and funds in trust for the purposes and objects for which the said fund has lieen raised." Carried. Proposed by Mr. T. O. Jones and seconded by Mr. J. Th?____v— * That tbe Synod of the Church of England of tbe Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated, hereby authorises and directs the Trustees for the time being of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund and of the Guarantee Fuud to convey, assign, and transfer to tbe said Synod the properties and funds belonging to the trusts specified in a certain deed, declaring trusts of the said funds, which bears date tbe fifteenth day of May, in tbe year 1865. and is executed by 1 Augustus Short, D.D.. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Neville Blyth, and Thomas J. S. O'Halloran, the trustees named therein, to bold in trust for the purposes and objects for wbich the said funds have been raised." Carried. Proj osed by Mr. H. S. Anthony and seconded by Mr. W. S. Docuijis—" That a new clause he in- erted in tbe Model Trust Deed, first section Fundamental Provisions, to read as follows": — Power to sell—" Upon receiving from any Vestry a resolution passed by it, and requesting tbe Synod so to do (but not otherwise), the Synod may sell any land comprised in tbe Model Trust Deed of the Church, the affairs of which | are managed by such Vestry upon such terms [ and conditions as shall seem fit to the Synod, | tbe purchase money to be received for tbe said land shall be applied to tbe purpose or purposes i (uot being inconsistent with the trusts of such ■ deed) as shall be stated in such resolution, and ;as the Synod shall approve. Provided always > that no proposition for the sale of any conse ' crated land or building shall be decided except lat the annual session of Synod, or at a ca'l of { Synod, nor shall any such proposition be passed ; unless two-thirds of the members present on a ; division support the same." Sir. T. O. , Jones moved as an amendment, and Mr. E. B. Gbcndy seconded, that all the wordsafter ' " provided always" be struck out. ! Mr. H. E. Dow. kr proposed an amendment : —*• That the matter be referred to a Sub-Co m ■ mittee consisting of Messrs. Barlow, Grundy, : and Anthony, in order that the new clause may ; be drawn up by tbem and presented to Synod at a later stage of the se._ion, and that the debate be adjourned until such report be brought ' up." Carried. On the motion of the Rev. A. Sei.ijs, the Committee was'requeated to deal ouly 1 with unconsec—.ted ground. Proposed by the Venerable Archdeacon Makkyat and seconded by the Rev. J. C. Hayn _s— " That it is desirable that a clause be j added to tbe Model Trust Deed, regulating the ; management of Cemeteries, and that a Com mittee be appointed to draft such a clause, aud report the same to the Standing Committee, such Committee to consist of the Revs. F. ' Hocter, Canon Farr, and Messrs. Barlow, , Mould en, and the mover." Carried. t Mr. G. W. Hawki-s proposed, and Canon . Coon ni. seconded—"* Tbat this Synod expresses ; its sympathy at the Joss the Diocese of New ' castle has sustained through tbe death of the Right Rev. Walter Tyrrell, aud its admiration of i the character aud labors of tbe deceased Bishop." i Carried. Propo*_d by Archdeacou Makuvat and f-conde.l by the E.v. ..Green—-That, in ac cordance nith the recommendation of the Eec; ; tiou Committ. c, Syural declare the trusts under • which it holds St. Peter's Church, Williams ', town,on being requested to do so by the Vestry." ■ Carried. At 10 p.m. His Lordship pronounced the benediction, ami then adjourned the Session till vest day at 11 a.m. 