Ministers are probably yet suffering from the fatigues of the late session, and have scarcely begun to grapple with the sterner work of the recess. They have undoubtedly a serious busi ness on their hands. Their legislative policy was consummated in a manner possibly as unexpected by themselves as it must have been surprising to the public. But the effect of that policy will be felt only in administration. It really involves the revolutionising of the public works system of the colony ; the quickening of local self-dependence into active life ; and the abandonment of the debasing practice of appealing, at all times and under all circumstances, to the central authorities for help. If successfully accomplished the great reform herein indicated will need all the statesmanship and well-directed energy that the Government can command. The question then is, Will they decisively grapple with the problem ? or will they, in the absence of the Premier, prefer to delay the execution of their own measure until it is seen whether it will be availed of by the spontaneous action of the people of the colony ? It is quite certain that the duty of local government will not be voluntarily undertaken while the Minister for 'Works has either revenue or loan votes at command for the carrying on of local works. Even if our community do not betray that unreason ing impatience of direct taxation which the political economist ordinarily en counters, it cannot be expected that they will tax themselves while the public Treasury may be drawn upon and the official staff of the Works Department only too anxious to antici pate their wishes. But fortunately for the colony, perhaps, the revenue votes for roads are wholly insufficient for the necessities of the current financial year. Nor are there loan votes to make good the deficiency except upon one condi tion — that tho locality needing expen diture be first incorporated under one or other of our Local Government Acts. ThiB condition of affairs, then, ought to stimulate voluntary incorpora tion, and probably will do so in some cases. We are not sanguine, however, that, any generally spontane ous movement in this direction will take place. A few districts may seek to incorporate, and set an example to the rest of the colony j but, aB a general rule, we suspect ' the people,' if left to their own devices, will display a masterly inactivity until the near advent of a new session ' gives promise of another successful raid upon the public Trea sury. When the Divisional Boards Bill waB under consideration in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. M'Ilwbaith candidly intimated the intention of the Go vernment to make the whole colony into 'one municipality,' which, we presume, meant that they would apply the Local Government Acts of 1878 and 1879 to the whole colony, and con stitute municipal or divisional authori ties in every district. The presumption is that, with a Government of action, such as the present claims to be, the promise was not an idle one ; and we should not be much surprised on any Saturday morning to receive an unusually bulky Gazette containing the boundaries of these ' municipalities,' of which the ' whole colony ' is to be comuosed. As to the policy of such a step, we do not now express an opinion. Our conclusion is that the Government have come to a deliberate judgment, and have fully counted the cost — to themselves as a Ministry, as well as to the people of the colony. Our duty, therefore, is to direct public attention to the matter, in order that, if the policy be really in contem plation — as from nntecedeut events we ; strongly suspect it to be — the country : may not be unprepared for the ' boon' i fir ' catastrophe,' as it may be regarded 1'roip^opposite stand-points. Mr. M'Il wiiATTii also intimated that the Govern m o! it; contemplated adopting tlio boun daries of tlie electorates wherever they were found suitable. For the 'divi- sions' in the unsettled districts that plau might not be inadvisable ; but in the setiled districts the electoral boun daries would scarcely be practicable for shires or municipalities. We own to some curiosity, therefore, as to-; the method which the Government; will adopt ; and we warn the Colonial Secretary — who presumably will be primarily charged with the duty — that much care must be exercised in the process of division. It would be well to err rather on the side of magnitude in constituting thedivi sions. For example, if tho Divisional Boards Act were generally applied in the first instance, nnd large ' divisions' con stituted, nothingwould be easier than for the people affected to afterwards petition that an excessively large division might be severed into two or more sepa rate divisions, or divided and proclaimed as shires, or munici palities, as the case might require. The Divisional Boards Act gives the Governor in Council full power in this respect, and also gives the ratepayers of a division the privilege of incorporating as a shire or municipality under the Local Govern ment Act whenever they choose. If it be the object of the Ministry, then, to get local government adopted speedily, their method of procedure will probably be to proclaim the whole colony iu a few large divisions as the preliminary to voluntary action on the part of the people themselves. It is even conceivable that : the forty electorates — or the greater por tion of them — will for convenience be constituted divisions in the first instance. That done, it may be held that public opinion would quickly make itself felt in every locality, and compel the Government to adjust the boundaries as .circumstances might-require. By such a course it is plain that the whole colony would be at once placed under the new system, and the decentralisation of the machinery for executing the lesser public works be rendered immediately practicable. We must not be under stood as endorsing such a method of procedure, however, for it is clear that cogent arguments might be marshalled against it. Our contention simply is that it would be in strict harmony with the professed determination of the Government. If it be repugnant to the sense of the people no time should be lost in convincing Ministers of the facts. ? The' details of the Customs receipts during the past quarter, which have at length been issued, afford a pretty clear indication of the causes which have led to the serious falling-off of revenue in that period. That importations have decreased to a very considerable extent is evident from the fact that the con sumption of dutiable goods has largely decreased ; and we are ]*ustified in assum ing that this shrinkage is the reciprocal of a diminution of exports. It must be remembered that much more than half a-million sterling has to be sent out of the colony annually to pay the interest on the Public Debt and on foreign investments in the colony ; and it is only the balance of the value of exports that is available for the purchase of foreign commodities. Of course, the Government's bor rowings abroad will affect the course : of exchange, but the chief factor is undoubtedly the value of the colonial products which we have for disposal beyond the seas. When the statistics for the year come to be examined we are afraid there will be found a com paratively immense decrease under this head. Not only have the prices of our principal products been remarkably low, but the quantities, in many in stances, have been smaller than in years past ; and a falling-off in the value of imports is a corollary upon this. The decrease in the Custom House revenue is merely an indicant of this condition of trade. The gross decrease of these receipts in the quarter is £17,205, the net decrease £14,614. Spirits produced, £4,172 less ; wine, £Gu6 less ; beer and vinegar, £633 less ; tobacco, £1,071 less ; grain and malt, £1,055 less ; iron castings and wire, £1,912 less ; and miscellaneous, £1,351 lesB. But the most noteworthy decrease iB under the head of ad valorem. Here the falling off has been from £20,208 in the September quarter of last year to £13,850 in the same quarter of this year — a decrease of £6,351, or no less than 32 per cent. On the other hand, the increases are unimportant, with the exception of that under the head of provisions, fruits, pickles, and so forth, where the yield is £2,081 more than last year. The most interesting part of the returns, however, are those which show the collections at the dift'erent ports. The decrease at Brisbane comes to nearly as much as the gross decrease on the whole Bum of the September quarter of last year. In that period tho re ceipts at Brisbane were £70,138 ; in the quarter just closed the receipts were only £53,076 — a declension of £17,062. These figures tell a most unplea sant tale, and demand the seriouB attention of the inhabitants of the capital. Evidently a great deal of the trade of Brisbane is passing away from it. Not only are the ports further north taking a share of our trade, but New South Wales seems to be invading it across the frontier. The Border Patrol collected £3,119 in the last quarter against only £241 in the corresponding period of last year, and this of course shows that a largely increased amount of trade is being [ carried on over tho border to the injury of this port. At Ipswich, too, which is merely a sub-port to Brisbane, there has been a serious decrease, amounting to £1,128 on a total last year of £4,013. The aggre gate decrease at the Moreton Bay port is, therefore, £18,190, whilst the total decrease for the whole colony is only £14,614. It would not, perhaps, be too much to expect of the local Chamber of Commerce that they should do vote their attention to these figures, with the object of ascertaining what can be done to conserve the trade of the port. With tho exception ofRoek hampton and St. Lawrence, all the other ports appear to be in a tolerable healthy state. Cleveland Bay, Cooktown, and Port.. Dougla8 all show appreciable in creases ; the latter especially has inade a decided jump, the receipts having in creased from £1,469 to £3,151.; A table in another column, however, gives the several collections in full. ; The teaching of the whole mass of figures is only too plain : there is no probability of the revenue recovering itself in' the present fiscal year so as to realise Mr. M'Ilwraxth's estimate. Before there can be any importani amelioration there must be a large augmentation in the value of exports, and this cannot be expected ? until pastoral prospects look brighter. Graziers are said to be turning more attention to sheep, but the price of wool continues to be low, and the chances of improvement are not encouraging. A considerable rise in the price of copper and tin was re ported the other day, and this might lead to some activity in the mining of these metals. Copper for some years has been almost entirely neglected in Queensland ; and the low price of tin has had a paralysing effect upon this industry. Unfortunately for . our tin-miners the deposits of ore in Tasmania are of such enormous extent and richness as to preclude :the hope that prices will continue to ad vance or even maintain themselves at the present figure. In copper, however, we_ have apparently a more hopeful article of export. The mines at Mount Perry may be turned to account if the^ demand mentioned in recent advices continues, and with , the addition of this metal to the list of exports, and, perhaps, of preserved meats, commercial affairs would be in a fair way towards righting themselves. But this consummation cannot be looked for^ within the space of time with which the Treasurer's estimate deals. In the meantime, nothing short of the' most rigid economyin the administration of the public funds will obviate very serious financial complications. A heavy deficit at tlie end of June cannot be averted ; but a little laxity on the part of Ministers may easily make it a quite unmanageable amount — an amount, that is, too large to be re dressed out of revenue ; and to borrow money for such a purpose would be to reduce the colony to the level of a South American republic. Milton Ckickbt Ciun.— A 'meeting of this club was held at the Queen's Hotel last even ing, when there was a fair attendance of mem bers. It was arranged that the concert in aid of the funds of tho club bo definitely fixed for Friday, tho 17th instant, to be held at the Primary School, Petrie Terrace. Owing to the absence of the president in Sydney, the meet ing was then adjourned until Tuesday next. The club have since accepted a challenge from tho Civil Service Cricket Club to play a match, in the Queen's Park, on Saturday next, at 2 p.m. Dbaih at Sea.. — W. Jones, a passenger by the Yara'a, from Mackaj to Brisbane, and recently engineer of the steamer Ay jes, died on board that vessel on Sunday morning:. He was buried at Sea View Hill, Keppel Bay. Lennebeiiq's ' Academy op Mdsic — There was a good attendance at this place of amuse ment on Monday. Mr. Wade appeared in several charaoter songs, and gained plenty of ap plause and laughter by hiB singing and acting. HiB Chinese impersonation was especially good. Two comic sketches tntitled respectively the ' Rival robbers,' and ' Shakespeare's Ghost,' will be performed this evening. Messrs. Wade and Ellis will uppear in these pieces. The Tiibatbe.— Tho second performance of tho ' Octoroon' drew a wood audience to the theatre last night. The diversions of the opening plantation Bceno were, as before, well appreciated. To-night tho drama ' Dred,'' founded on Mrs. Beeoher Stowe's novel of that name, will be presented. Harry Gordon will bB taken by Mr. G. W. Collier, Tom Gordon by Mr. Douglas, Uncle Tiff by Mr. B. B. Lewis, Dred by Mr. Stonehaui, lisette by Mies Maher, and SUilly by Miss Lizzie BuBhe. In the first scene of the drama tho jubilee singers will give an entertainment whioh will include the favourite ballad 'My Grandfather's Clock,' lung b.v Mr. Turner. Tub Wbatheb. — Yesterday the weather was oloudy at Muckay, Kavenswood, Springsure and Maryborough, aud showeiy at Mitchell Downs, Hawkwood, Mount Perry, Condaminei St. George, Nauango, Toowoomba, Kock hampton, and Nebo. Dp- ing the twenty-four hours ended 9 o'clock this mor.':ng the rainfall at Brisbane was 0-22 inoh, Warwick, 0-30, Gayndah 0-3G, Cape Moreton 0'40, Nive Downs 0*45, Cunnamulla 0'49, Ipswich 0'75. and at Banana 1-29. At all the other stations from which reports wero received fine weather was experienced. At Brisbane tho greatest heat iu the sun was 120 degs., in the shade 79, and the lowest in shade GO. The greatest heat in the shade at Cape Moreton waB 72, at Too woomba 52, and at Warwiok 57 degs. Tho weather was cloudy at Molbourne, and showery at Sydnoy. It would bo juBt as well for tho Brisbane Municipal Council to follow the example of tho Minister for Works in the matter of ten derers who ' try it on' with a low tender for any work required, just to shake off opposition, and then, having scoured the acceptance of their tender, at once demand a much lnrgor sum, failing to obtain whioh, they throw up the contract. If every contractor who resorted to this practico was disqualified from tendering again for any Corporation work, it would soon effect a cure, and very considerably simplify tho business of oxnmining and deciding upon tonderfl. When a man is too ' cute' to bo open and straightforward in his business trans actions, it is the wisest course to have no deal ings with him. — 'Towu Talk.' All use it. It is at every picnic. It is in evory kitchen. It gives tho finish to every dish for gravieB, soupo, gamo, fish, or cold meats. It assists digestion and increases tho appetite. It has a placo at Govornmont House, and is seen at every respectable artisan's. Tho Pro tectionists uso it becauso it iB colonial; the Freetraders becauso it is oheap. It is tho especial favourito with all classes, becauso, as ono of the Sydnoy clorgymen wroto : — ' It is tho best yet made.' It is the Australian Relish, made by Washington H. Soul, of 221, Pitt-street, and sold by every storekeeper, Prico, One Shilling. — [Advt. | A society of housewives iu Berlin give prizes to domostio servants who have remained five years in ono household (of a member), and employ a ohemist to lecture on pruotical ohemietry. 