MARY WORSHIP. no. ix. Our last article gave a little of the history of the "Immaculate Conception" business. Our readers will have seen that the decree was passed in spite of the most earnest objections and suppliant appeals for delay. Also not a tew of the most eminent bishops of the Church avowed that neither Scripture nor tradition could be made to uphold the dogma, if it should be decreed; and that, under such circumstances, it was a burden to faith not to be borne, that Protestants and others who would reject the dogma, should be doomed to perdition for rejecting what all the previous history of the Church had left quite open. Nevertheless, Pius IX. was determined to glorify Mary whoever might be sent to destruction for refusing to join in his measure. He braved the opposition of the eminent prelates to whom we have referred. He dared to challenge their loyalty to the principle of submission to the " Head of the Church." He knew that not one of them had the virtue to suffer for adherence to the objections which they felt. He knew that however strong their objections their positions were too comfortable to be sacrificed for the sake of a little more stretch of con science, and a little more extravagant gulp of faith. Nor did he mistake his men ; for the bold stroke of his decreeing the dogma, and affirming that the Holy Ghost had revealed it through him, that Mary, in the first moment of her concep tion, was free from the taint of original sin, made all the doubting, fearful, and objecting bishops kiss the ground ; for every one of them sang his " credo," by doing, in fact, an impossible thing, viz., compelling the heart to believe what the conscience and judgment said was not true. Well ; Mary has been lifted up. She has been glorified, assumpted, deified; and, as she sits on her throne, near the Father, having her son in her arms, a bvby still, or as an obedient servant wait ing to do her bidding, Romanists bow down to her, pray to her, give her all the exalted titles which their tongues can speak or their Mariolatry invent, entrust to her the keeping of their soul, look upon her as the only refuge, and ask to be saved by climbing to heaven on her white ladder! Priest Lynch, in his sermon, aB we gave it recently, denied that Romanists adore Mary ; he denied that they go on their knees to adore her ; and he affirmed that they only give her the honour which is due to lier as " the most exalted creaturej" and the honour which was prophesied would be given her in the words — " All generations shall call me blessed." We have / convioted Priest Lynch of shuffling and falsehood in his serihon.' . To " adore " is to " pray to ;" but it is a fact that Romanists " pray to Mary." Not only so ; burithey do go on their knees to pray to her p. and, as we shall show directly, they address to her as impassioned expressions . of their faith and love as it is possible for them to address to God Himself.1 If honour is due to her as " the most exalted creature in the universe," it1 is. strange that the Bible contains not one word on the subject ; tor, when the Bible speaks of; the " most exalted creatures in the universe," it speaks of angels and archangels, of Michael and Gabriel and spirits/ but it lias not a single allusion to Mary as such. But the evangelists and apostles ought to have told us of the honour due to her; for what a dreadful thing it is to contemplate that, for nineteen centuries, the most exalted creature in the ' universe has been deprived of her hyper- dulian worship, until Pius IX. decreed that everybody should go to hell who should henceforth refuse to 'bow down and" pray ' to ' her as the Queen J of heaven ! But Priest Lynch reminds lis that the Scriptures say " Ali! generations shall call her'blessed." Yes, but coiild they not as easily have said— " All generations shall adore her immaculate conception, and shall worship her with hyperdulian worship?" Then Priest Lynch ought to know that the Scriptures say something more. They tell us that a woman, on one occasion, admiring the goodness and wisdom of Christ, like a half Papist in her ignorance, exclaimed — "Blessed is the womb that hare thee, and the paps that gave thee suck ;" but Jesus rebuked the hyperdulian honour of the woman, and said, "Nay, blessed rather are they that hear the word of God and do it." Thus Christ Himselfj who had a fine chance of speaking about the " Immaculate Conception " and " hyperdulian worship," if He had intended that His mother should be worshipped, stated distinctly that whatever happiness Mary had had through the fact of her maternity, and whatever honour was to be ascribed to her on that account, the plain Christians, both men and women, who hear God's Word and keep it, have more happiness and more honour still / Why, then, does Priest Lynch and his superior, Dr. Vaughan, when they are giving hyper dulian worship to Mary, not give a higher kind of worship still to all the women and the men in their chapels who hear God's Word and keep it ! But we are told that it was Mary herself who said, in the spirit of prophecy, " All generations shall call me blessed." Yes, but it was Mary also herself who said — " My spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour." Priest Lynch will tell us that the word " blessed " covers and warrants all the hyperdulian honour which he gives to Mary when he bends at her altar and devoutly prays to her ; and that the word " Saviour " only means " deliverer and protector." But his cunning distinctions show his foregone conclusion and special pleading ; for J esus Himself has pro nounced " blessed " are the poor in spirit, the meek, and many others ; therefore all these persons should get hyperdulian worship ; and then, Jesus Christ is called the " Saviour ;" therefore J esus Christ is only a helper and deliverer, and not at all the Saviour of sinners ! But, if Mary had intended to choose a word to denounce prophetically the blasphemies of Rome, she could not have chosen one more significantly opposed to the worship which is given her than the one which she used — — " God my Saviour ." Like all the good women in Israel, Mary felt and acknow ledged her sin. She prayed to God for the 'forgiveness of her sin. Every morn ing and evening she looked to the sacrifice for sin which was continually offered for all Israel. She was joined, in that daily service, with all the rest of her people as needing a sin offering, and as reconciled by the blood. Like all other good women she was found looking for redemption in Israel. Her hope was in the great Messiah and King for whom all Israel were waiting, And when at length she understood that she was to. be the mother of the promised One, who was to fulfil the promises and abolish, the types, it was impossible but that her heart should be glad ; and hence her i " magnificat " was the song of a sinner , rejoicing that salva tion was now about to appear — "My soul hath rejoiced in God my Saviour." " No," says Priest Lynch, uttering in parrot cry the decree of Pius IX., "No— not your Saviour, holy Mary ; you are mistaken, great Queen of heaven ; not your Saviour ; for you were 'immaculately ' conceived ;' not your Saviour, for you are ' blessed;' not your Saviour, for - you never sinned ; not your Saviour, for you are as pure and holy as the sonwhom you are to bearwill be ; not your Saviour, for, hyperdulian worship is to be given to you ; what you mean, therefore; in your ' magnificat,' most holy; Mary, Gate of heaven, and the sinner's only hope, is that' God is your helper, lifting you up from a humble estate to be the Redemptress of the world !" - > If Mary could be supposed to utter her "'magnificat " in the sense of Priest Lynch, everyone would wonder at her folly and impiecy, using language which seemed Bkilfully intended to conceal her meaning ; and, instead of " all generations calling her blessed," they woulii call her unhappy ' and delirious ! Her words are beautiful and true as read in their obvious and natural meaning : — she was the happy mother of the one who brought salvation to her and to all the world ; and all generations shall call her thus happy. Next week we shall proceed further with the subject. 