Our Story Teller. IIONOBA. BY lUnillKT l’llESCOTT Sl'OI’I'OIiD, Yos, Honora Brculworili was always a slntucsquo thing, They used to make their angels uml gliosis mid sculptures of lior in all lliciv olmrndcs mid tableaux, and veil sho played the part. But, one night I saw lice in a statue scene that was enough to chill your blood, almost as hers was chilled. She was naturally pale—none of the sickly cast of skin, but a waxen whiteness that was lovely in itself to the artistic eye, flint Hilda pleasure in nil varying beauty, and where it ehoosus blushes on one face, chooses pallor on another., lint Honora liorself detested this pallor, and often put a deliealo dash of roitgo upon her cheok and chill; and then she was beautiful, with her straight fair hair banded away from the classic face, yvlioso'. profile was liko a Psycho's, and the long-lashed eyes that wore almost always cast down under (heir snow-white lids. ‘ What a deathly Into!’ she would cry, as sho looked in the glass. ‘ I t is a sort of hospital (lag ; it warns everybody off from mo. Nobody likes to keep company with the dead and dying, and so don’t preaoii any moro about my rouge!’ Nor was she altogether wrong in her comparison, for she laid some inscrutable disease of the heart that now they would call by a long and learned name, but that then lmd no nmno at all, emperors not having died of it. Its character, liowovcr, was bolter known than its name, since it frequently caused her to faint quite away, mid might, cvoiituully provo a moro serious tiling, in caso any sudden shook "or. pleasure should over hurry tho blood too swiftly on its passage through tho heart—a thing not likely to happen to Honora, who coOl and calm and unmoved to a degree not common with women, for most women have not such earthly fixity, and in their changing and Hit ting and sparkling they aro moro like the evanescent and othcrial firo. Hut Honora had had the troublo for half a dozen years, and said little or nothing about it, lin’d was well and strong in spito of tho occasional fainting-fit j and' sho was so fine and queenly' and brilliant that she had moro lovers than she could count on her lingers. . ; Hoi; all that, Honora was not happy. Mordecni silt ■ in' the king’s gate. Shawns, such a self-contained, self- balanced thing that nobody would have guessed it unless observing her as. closely as 1 did; since to mo she was spmotliing of. 11 study, for I am a gossiping thing, ns you see, telling all I know. But Honora took counsel with nobody but herself, and, if you can understand me, did not always toll all sho knew even to herself. , So as I looked at her I could well discover liow listless sho was when one person only was absent from llio group about her. I could see tluit tho room was empty to her if ho was not tliero, that she heard people talk ing ns , if in a dream, and wished that she could wnkcnj and when ho came she woke, slio lifted the beautiful wliito lids, and the great soft dove eyes glistened, and while he spoko to her tho sweetest suspicion of color seemed to fan up into her cheek, so that then sho needed no rougo at all. But, after all, that: was seldom, for Andrew Bnnton had other colls upon his timo than tlioso Honora made. I think lie was a light-minded mnn, not worth tho devotion of so deep nnd strong a nnturo ns Honora’s—of such n nature as Houora’s might linvo been had good nngcls guided her. But that is tho way of the world. It is tlioso men Hint too frequently get tho devotion. And Andrew Benton had a graceful manner with him that was capti vating ; he lihd a troubadourish sort of beauty; men loved him, and , it did not need liis brilliant talk, liis daring riding, his dasli and glitter, to eonquov women,"so long as ho had that graciously sovereign way nnd that air of undivided interest, which always served him whore bettor men had failed. !. ; Nevertheless, Andrew Benton might have been nil well enough if ho laid had a steady' soul; but ho was us uncertain ns tho wind ; because: lio was'in this quarter to-day, it was no . sign , lie was to be there to-morrow. Ho had , no fixed: purposes,, not even any prefer ences ; lie could not tell, in ..point, of fact,; , whether ho liked viituo or vice tlio : best. ’' Ho ’ thought tlio ‘Last roso of Summer ’ the swcofest: tune in tlio world when Amabel Burney sang it, nnd continued think ing so till ho heard Honora sing ‘Homo, sweet homo.’ Ho w'ns suro the bluebell in Honora’s fair braids Was tlio loveliest; flower that blows till ho saw tlio'camellia in Ama bel’s ; dark curls; tho blonde’s: groat reposo seemed to him absolute perfection till ho again fell,in-with, tlio witcheries nnd vivacities of >tho‘dark-cycd and .rosy-cheeked little beauty,; Ho turned on his finger the sapphire, whose .dark-blue facets broko into blood-rod rays at tho angles of its cutting,mid wondered which of tlioso two, lovely hands Would wear it, ns if into, nnd not lie woro to determine. . But, heforo Amnbol Burney crossed, his. vision lib had been' all Honora’s, savo for oc casional nets of vagrancy of no duration.; and ho lmd.'hesitated in his contemplated proposal of mnrriugo only because ho could not judge from lior mariner wlint. thb. answer 'would bo, and a hot • unusual ■ vanity made him desire certainty. " Every day sho had oxpeeted to lieiir tho words fvom his lips'; sho knew that .'sho.liras his. already; she . folt that ho was hers.: Showus so certain of his love, indeed, that sho.did hot feel it necessary to restrain lior own feelings,'and though she confided .nothing to any body, sho loved him tenderly anil .idolatfously. And one night she had betrayedrit.; . ... ■ . ., - „ Ho came,, on tlio.morning after.'that fatal ovcning,.his heart full—though, as you seo, it did not take much''to. fill it. He vvas sure now of good fortune, though, no words lind passod' botwcen thorn,', and..ho intended to complete the mute avowal of tlio night before, and have a dofinitc understanding in relation to then- marriage. Honora, on the night be fore; standing under tho chandelier, with its light pouring down on the blonde cendreelinir and,gilding it, pouring over, .'her drnporics of pale silk, and dashing back from her. great pearls, seerried to him'so glorious a creature that'he dared not Wait longer oro ho claimed lieri. Ho could not wait, ho said: And, yet! if I should tell you tho exnct truth, it would' bc;that ns ho mounted, tho steps the next, morning lie experienced a strange, senso of suffocation, and hud half tho mind to retreat before ho was manacled. I suppose the artist in him loved Honora, but the man in him loved liberty. But ns lio entored tho parlors that morning, without announcement, ho saw Honora in the' music-room' beyond, with her young singing mistross standing beside her, nnd he quietly took his Eoat in tlio window, shielded by tlio curtain; to gnzo oil her at his plcnsuro till tho losson should bo through. Bub tho lesson wns long. ..He,could not(sco Honora further than somo folds of her dress ; only the music-' teacher faced him, brunotto and bright, vel yot-oyed and rosy-lippod-—a little pieco of ns perfect'flesh and'blood ris lie-had over seen, Ira said—-only' the voice'of tliO ' frcsh young thing thrilled him. ' iBoforo the losson was over callers of importance came, and, of course, tho business of tlio day would have had to be postponed oven if it. suffered no diversion! There was possibility only between linn and Honora of ono long full look into each other’s eyes, one long eloso pressure of tho hands, muto roiteration, of the .night’s muto assuranco.; and so it chanced that Mr Benton ivalkod1 home with tlio, littlo music teacher, and Ira would have been a very dif- ' forent being from Andrew Benton if bo bud not followed up liis opportunity, foi'lib' wns a man nowise fastidious as to casto/ nnd lib found Hint ho lmd made tlio acquaintance of ono ns lovely in lmturo ns in faco, us., innocent and unsuspeetirig rind sivcbt ris a child; should bo, ns modest rindtimid ris a woman. , There Was -nothing' timid about Honora,'though1 resorvo and cold prido might counterfeit tlio: charm. :; At first .it had boon accident that throw him in tho littlo musician's society; , it was accident Unit caused them to moot lignin in music-rooms, mid a(, other houses; I lien it was purpose. Ho followed llio pretty tiling ' nbonl, llimkiiig lie wan but amusing himself, J.o-duy be fulfilled an engagement with . Honora; to-night he went to hear Amabel sing. When lie saw Honom he was bee slave, , and showed if j as ho left her his fetters were loosened ; and when lie saw Amabel he thought it as, sweet to rule tliero as to serve 1 elsewhere. Honom's fortnho and Amabel's property made no diiTereneo with him ; be already had, if not as much wealth ns lie , wauled, yet enough to answer at a pinch—his wile, whoever she might bo, could lmvo her ] own conch, nnd would not' be destitute of diamonds.. • . Nevertheless, as tho days went, ho felt a ] tntlo uneasy—the least in the world dis pleased with himself. IIo wished lie had : never soon Amabel, or else, on tho night before ■ ho did, he had not walked with Honom in 1 tho conservatory and in the dim shadows of the paliiis and bnhanns there j for on that | night the,y had been dancing together, ho , Hushed with the music and the waltz, and ' maybe with:tho. wine, sho white and still as 1 betoro j and as they unused a moment in their sauntering through the green obscurity, where i eaeli of them might have seemed little more than a beautiful shadow to tho other, ho had suddenly, impelled by ho know not what rashness, excopb the fever in his (Hood, bent ' and kissed Honom’s perfect mouth ; and, us if the fiery touch had broken tho sliituc-liko spell that always bound hor, sho had met his lips with lips its passionate. And then gay approaching voices came down tho blossoming lilies with jesis and laughter, and they wore not alone again. But whatfwoman of ITonom’s temperament, after all Hint; laid gone before —Iho long friendship, the long wooing— what woman who loved, and believed'in the honor of Iter lover, would not have received that kiBs as tho avowal sho had awaited— would not luivo expected plainer ruptures nnd more open declarations oil. the morrow? , And what woman would not luivo sat in amazed and indignnt silence, biding hor time, when days passed, and weeks, and, at length, one month ..was.'slipping into i another, and still tho lover came, and i yet no plainer word was spoken ? , AVlmt ' women would not; have been l-osolved to dis- ' cover the renson tlmi; lay behind it all, and if love was so strong that sho could not bate hor • lover, would' ‘hot huvo hated the thing that she found was robbing her of him ? But when some weeks had passed, and Mr ‘ Benton found himself in his dilemma, Ama bel’s intluoncc counteracting Honora’s just enough to lnako him uncertain of himself— uncertain whether ho wished that ho might marry both of them or that he had never < seen either of them; and when other weeks laid passed, and affairs wore worse with him instead of belter, and Honora’s manner grew icier every day, and Amabel’s lmd a touch of pathos in it; that it; tied a man to, then Mr Benton resolved that ho would lenvo town and both of tlieso magnets for a while, and , trust to t imo to clear up the matter for him. 1 : He laid somo business in the West that lie had usually intrusted to an ngent; but it. - would- be just as well for him to look lit; it ! liimsclf j nnd lio accordingly sat down and i wrolo letters nnd made appointments, nnd ^ completed his- arrangements in such li manner that tho wiles nnd strategics of neither of the 1 two cncinic3 of liis peace should bo able to luivo any inffucnco with him for this timo at ’ The room was full at Honorn’s when-lio wcnt_ to speak of bis approaching departure, I for it was lior reception day—tho street cumbered with fine equipages and tho stair ways with gorgeous women. 11 luivo como to bid you good-by,’ he said, standing bosido lior and taking lier fan. He saw tho.least tremor imaginable run in one long undulating spurklo through her jewelled necklace, for Honora was ono of tlioso who do not believe in leaving the beautiful for ago and ugliness , alone'to wear. ‘Are you going away?’sho asked; and' tho color crept to hor cheek, where slio had forgot ten to put tho rouge, tlio faintest rose flush, but.it made Lor simply perfect; and ns ho looked at her ho could not help,murmur ing. .', ; A woman of tlio gods, divinely tall , And most divinely fair.’ iAnother guest claimed her attention that moment, and us she absently held her hand for the fail. while , speaking with her . face averted nnd towards the now-comer, Mr Ren , ton had..;nothing.;to do ,but to'gnzo at; her iii , her riirignificcrido, witly'th'o pale pink shimmer.’ of. her- silky tlio 'vapory loco, the jewels, the features like, a. Greek goddess’, tlio - shining fairness of face, nnd a smile as dreamy ns if sho woro a. being of nnotbor. sphere that all the time reclaimed lier thoughts. It was too much for Benton, of course; you might ns well; expect him to stand in tlio East nnd not feel tho sun. ‘ Yes, I am going away,” lie said, ns slio humed again; in. his-direction. ‘And when Icomoback, Honora?’ fWlnit, when lio cnino back? She meant to answer him coldly, but it wiisimpossible., She lined, loved him‘from .childhood’; suspense nml fear had only fed tlio iinmo. love loses all. sense of pride; anger goes down before it.. Doubtloss ho had been trilling with-lior, but —slio loved ,lmn. ‘ AAHicn you come back ?’ she said, under, her brcatli, marble white, not, lifting lior eyes.' ‘.He was bending'-low beforo her in cero-, monious tuliou, to' nil' the world,' if "nil tlio' world , were'looking, but ho had taken'.lief , handkerchief ^holder, and was sliding its ring over tlio third finger of her outstretched hand. ‘AYhen I come buck,’ ho said, ‘ shall I put a different ring on that finger—ono never to como off ?’ ; , , Slio could not speak; sho could only reply with a grasp of tho hunch; and then glancing up, ho. saw-tho-blush mounting her white face, bathing clieek and foroliend in its deop and rosy tints,’nnd suddenly-surging away niid leaving them ashen, as she fell forward ‘faint ing. , : ; , -. . There was an outcry nt onco nboitt tho heat of the rooms; and these crowded’ up with fans, niid thoso with vimiigrcttcsj and1 tlio roW with ice-water and with wino; and Benton carried her to a.sofa 'of an adjoining parlor,, and left lior with hoi; - feathered, and jowellod tiring-women. And when sho cnmo.out ngnin, half mi hour afterward, pule nnd'smiling, with [m-ineifable peace on'-lier'fuco, bo kissed her hand nnd went. Mr Benton thought that ho would write little Amabel ii farewell, and bo went to drive iu tlio Park, and lie dined with a friend; and wlion evening came lie did not feel like writ ing. Ho felt likohcnring some music, nnd lie knew ho could not sec I ionora, for slio was to bejit a grand dinner party. And so, on tho whole, it scorned as well to bo civil, nnd bid litilo Amabel good-byo in person. IIo could suffer tlie stntonionb to esenpo in' tlio courso of cnsunl conversation, lie fancied, that lie folt himself bound in liquor to Ilonorn, and that would put an end to any expectations,Aniuhol might luivo cherished. Yos, ho ropeuted, ns ho; went! along, ho certainly was bound in honor—and Mr Benton had not nil idea but tlint'hb was ono of tlio most honorable men . Amnbol was sitting at lier piano "when ho went in; but sho was not playing ; her head was loaning forward on tho music ruck, nnd hor nttitudo was ono of listless mohuicholy, 'At. his stop slio sprang to her foot, and ho saw, ; tliat tlie tears wero still sparkling' upon hor fnoe, and making lior, with her burning checks and her dark eyesglittering .under, tho niois ' till'd; more, dazzling, than eyor... Slio sat down lignin directly, after greeting him, and began, to pliiy'to liiiii, and then to sing. Ronton . was !n connoisseur' in• his; way';' tlio voice, if not strong,. was sweet, nnd tlio method- was » fino, tlio foeling was porfeet;'die:lounged in a, comfortable chair, gazing at. tlio pretty pioturo tlio gifliimdo, liia soul arid sbriscsj soothed in an | epicurean luxury. By-and-byo' Amabol. loft "tho 'piano inml cnino--- to sit bosido' him. i ,‘ Oh !’! slib criod, 11 thought;, you; were gorio l’i ‘ And was thntwhy you,/vvoro crying pf lyo, asked. Slio slopped u moment in her udyuneo,, 11 Imvon’t tiny friomls, you know, in nil Iho ; •world I' sho Bind. 11 am all alone. And you scorned—you Bccmod—’ .. 11 seemed—1. Slio ]initl no attention to Ills tono,,but im*. pul lent ly shook back tbo tumbling back curls.1 j ‘ And when I thought, you lmd gone without f bidding me good-by,’ slio begun j imd then ’ her votco choked, and alia .filing herself half about mid burst into teuvs again. And in ' another moment Kenton, who could not ] endure tbo sight of pain at ull, novor (ho < sight of tears, and least of all.lho tears of a < pretty child for whom ho had a tenderness, 1 lmd his arms about her, and was kissing off i tlio tears, and declaring that he loved her ] passionately. And when ho drove away to i tbo station that night ho liud loft, his ring , upon her linger, mid ho laid bidden her bo ready for her bridal upon his return two ; months honeo. i As ho established himself that night in his ; seel ion of tlib sleeping ear, lie felt, st range ns . it may-seem, better satisfied than for a long !. time before. 'Ho decided that ho lmd noted : rightly; and not; only right but magnanimously, j Honora had other interests, other pleasures, distmotions, friends, mid lor'ors, but Amabel j had only liimsolft./Ho would write to lfonora ! and close tbo affair between thorn, or ho would let. it slido; and make things right when tlioy : met. Ho thought tho matter over, and was• suro lie should bo happier with the gentle little Amabel—there was something far more llnttoring to his solf-lovo in Amabel's roverenco for him ns a demi-god than in Honora’s love for him as a man. And ho pictured tho girl in tho splendour in’which he, would army her ns bis bride, and ho heard her some niglit surprising his friomls’ with that, rich sweet voice of hors, and he fell asleep. That either of the young women would have despised him for his conduct to the other did not occur to him j and lie was right;, for contempt would iiot have abated Honora’s passion, and Amabel would have foil her love to be but so much tho moro necessary to him. 1 That week, as usual, Amabel wont to giyo; Honom her lesson.' She was near tho end of the term with all her pupils, nnd she thought it better to finish- naturally, and then the money would ho of value to her in blinking herself fit for a bride; She, must ,bavo,one wliito silk undone black onq, at any rulo, she said j'imd she lmd already’laid out all she had in 'tlio purchase of the white one, which the person withWhom she boarded was fitting for her. Slio was so happy and so glad that she could hardly keep herself from dancing as slio ipassed along tlio street.’ Slio had. no; thought of-making a secret of her bliss j and: it was during Honora’s lesson that, emphasis-' ing some point ’ ofr her instruction;’ slio', stretched her linger, across’ tho page,’ and Honom saw shining there the sapphire with , its deep bluo facets breaking into 'blood-red rays at tho'angles of its culling—saw .that Amabel wore Kenton’s ring. It was only by a supromo offort then that Honora kept her self control. But she did. Slio felt herself sinking and 'falling, but slio clutched tho edge of tlio piano iind sat up right; and presently the, blood that tho shook lind sent curdling about lior heart had re gained its equilibrium. The sight of' that ring had not been wholly unexpected by her'; she had been pinking her quiet,investigations,, and liad divined that Kenton had been pallor- , ing with the girl in nil that limo when slio had been waililig for’ him to speak decisively to-herself. Slio had felt, to bo suro, that that was over and doiic with since the morn ing when ho bado her farewell beforo his journey,• and made her heart bent so with joy ns ho slipped the handkerchief ring on her own finger j but when days lmd passed with out the receipt of a lino from him, slio had begun.. to fear that his fickleness had tlio better of him again. Slio had wondered, during those silent days, if Amabel could give no fiirtlipr,account of him j she had reasoned that if somo kind, fortune would remove Amabel for a time, all would be well. And now, as- she sat there gazing on the sapphire, everything Hint slio could do was to repeat over and over to herself, ‘ I must put her out of tho way.!’ . .She would mnko suro of the tiling first. She looked up at Amabel’s liappyfaeo. ‘You aro wearing. Mr Kenton’s ring,’she said, calmly. ■ •' 1 , . ' ': i‘I am engaged to Mr Bouton,’ answered the triumphant girl, with a deep soft blush. . !11 suppose. I need not ask you, then, if you ■jiavo heard from him "since ho went away ?’ 'i Oil, every day.!’ said Amabel. ’ ‘He is so g«jod to ih'o,!’1 There was something appealing'. in tho girl's nttitudo ; slio was quito Honora’s ago, and was her teacher, yot somehow seemed vijry much weaker and younger ; she was half conscious, perhaps, that she had; though un wittingly, robbed tho other of tlio love of a' life-time; she seemed, utmost to . ask pardon as slid stood; besido her, with her down dropped eyelids veiliiig the depth of hcr’oyes, ;ns if thoy niiglit-.'roveal tbo much .''happiness wero thoy lifted. / Ho,is so good to mo,’ 'said . Amabel. ■ How can ho help it?’ said Honora, briefly.. Aud slie looked at the girl ih her iiidigO-liued dress, with the rich carnations and creams of' ■ Tier . clear,., dark' skin,.and ;the. smile . that bliooded over her bliss, and slio.admired her arid hated her together... j‘ I must put her out of tlio way,’ repeated Honora;!';And slio sat repeating it long after Ainebbl had gone. : ‘ Slip.has no friends to in quire uffor her,' she siiid at last. ‘ And as for liiin, .he will presently forgot! It can only bo tlio infatuation of it moment that is conquering the purpose of years. Wero she but removed, .ho would return to me and be as ho was before. Why should I let her rob mo ?’ slio cried aloud. ‘ Ho was mine! Ho is mino f It is only tlio glamour of her colors nnd lustres, her lovely llosli and blood, that obscures our love'. A year with her placid stupidities and silly mincraud erics would vex his soul out of his body, nnd she-too would bo! merely wretched. And I will do her no hnrm, indeed,' she added pro-' scnlly. ‘ If I shut her up half ii dozon years, she will bo in no worse shivery or prison bounds than slio is know, ns she goes, through' the drudgery of her dreary round.of lessons. And when sho is free—;I am rich—sho shall have an annuity 'waiting her that will sceuro her for over from caro and work, nnd sho will bo still young, and' shq will find other ;lovers. ;Whnt can sho know ,of lovo ? What is her passion of two months besido mine, that has grown’.with my growth imd strengthened with my strongl h ? And by that lime his fat e will hayo.bcen settled. Hp yvill have sen relied for her ii lijllo while, will' have failed, will havo come to liib for-consolation; will havo found it, and I will havo my own again!’ sho cried. ‘Ho wnq.miiic',! Ho is mino! Ho shall,bo mine !! .As slio stood, tlibro in' tbo sunshine, wliito, and with radiant oyes and a fierce,, strong smile, slio was tbo .picture of triumph, and defiuneo. . 1 To le continued. ; Dr Edward H. Knight writes to tlio Pacific Tlurul' Piyss eoneorning the:.ravages, of ,tho phylloxera in Europe “ Its ravages uro steadily increasing, and tlio prospects are most serious. When lin France,' as orio of tho United; States Commissions ’.to the Paris Exposition, and a: member, of. J ury, I .was .placed'upon' tho staff’of: tlio Jtinistor of •Agri culture and Commerce, and visited tlio in fected'district of. Bourgoyno with tlio: Phyl loxera ‘ Commission. Tlio scourgo had ap peared at Dijon and Morrault, tho vinos at Dijon being i treated hit great expense; by the application ,,ofbisulphide of . carbon in liquidl'orm' through'ri syringo, a foot’deop in the ground around” tlio foots. Tlio phyl loxera ulso.i.npponfedi'nt Macon,' lionr. Lyons. Maps uro. boing issued by.,the. department, cook year, showing the progress of tlio infee-’ lion, Croat hopes aro ontortained of finally , being able ‘to; kill; out. tlio grub. : Tho-ohiof’ trouble arises,.froin,tlio insect in porfect slate Iboing’ablo to ily.wifeb tlio Wind to .unknown.. distances.-' Tlip'appearaneo of tlio scourgo’in . Italy, Spain,' nhd Port.iigul> shows; tliafc' tlio < . mitlidritios buvo nbt been ublo; to; arrest'its' spread." ;■ 