QttiMmt & $timtt. THE CLOVEN FOOT. BT MISS BBADDON, Atjthob op ** Lady ArDiEr's Sbchet,' &c;, &c.; 1 Published by special arrangement with the Author. ' ' . _ All rights reserved.] ChapteIi IV.— La Chicot. (Continued.) The Chicots crossed the Channel, and toot lodgings in a street in the neighbor hood of Leicester-square, near which, as every one knows, the Prince Frederick Music Hall is situated. It was a dingy street, offering scanty attractions to the stranger, hut it was a street which, from the davs of Garrick and Wofengton, had been favored hy actors and actresses, and Mr. Smolendo recommended the Chieots to seek a. lodging there. He gave them the nauie of three or four : householders whol.et ]odtri»gs to '* tLc profession,' and among these Madame Chicot made her choice. The apartments which pleased her best were .two fair- sized rooms on a first floor, furnished with a tawdry pretentiousness which would have been odious to a refined eye, and which was particularly offensive to . Jack's artistic taste. The cheap -velvet on the chairs, the gaudy tapestry curtains, the tarnished ormolu clock and: candelabra de lighted la Chicot. It was almost Parisian, she told her husband. - 3!he drawiingrooin and bedroom commu nicated with folding doors. There was a little third room— a mere hole— with a window looking northward, which would do for Jack to paint in. That convenience reconciled Jack to the shabby finery of the sittingroom, the doubtful purity of the bed room, the utter dinginess of the street. 'How it is ugly, your London!' ex claimed La Chicot. 'Is it that all the city resembles this, by example ?' 'No,' answered Jack, with his cynical air. 'There are brighter looking streets where the respectable people live.' ?' What do you call the respectable people?' ' The people who pay income tax on two or three thousand a year.' Jack enquired as to the other lodgers. It was as well to find out what kind of neigh bors they were to have. 'I am not particular,' said Jack, in French, to his wife, ' but I should not like to find myself living cheek by jowl with a burglar/' ' ' Or a spy,' suggested Zaire. ' We have no spies in London. That is a. profession which has never found a footing on this side of the Channel.' The landlady was a lean-looking widow, with a false front of gingery curls, and a cap that quivered all over with artificial flowers on corkscrew wires. Her long nose was tinted at the extremity, and her eyes had a luminous yet glassy look, suggestive of ardent spirits. 'I haye only one lady in the parlors,' she explained, 'and a very clever lady she is too, and quite the lady— Mrs. Rawber, who always plays leading business at the Shakspeare. You must have heard of her. She's a great woman.' Mr. Chicot apologised for his igndrance, He had been living so long in Paris taat he knew nothing of Mrs. Rawber. ' Ah,' sighed the landlady, ^you don't know how how much you've lost. Her Lady Macbeth is as fine as Mrs. SiddonsV.' ' Did you ever see Mrs. Siddons ?' 'No, but I've heard my mother talk about her. She couldn't have been greater in the part than Mrs. Rawber. You should go and see her some night. She'd make your flesh creep.' . tf And a respectable old party, I suppose,' suggested Jack Chicot. 'As regular as clockwork. Church every Sunday morning and evening. No hot sup pers. Crust of bread and cheese and glass of ale left ready on her table against she comes home — lets herself in with her key no sitting up for her. Chop and imperial pint of Guinness at two o'clock, when there aintno rehearsal, somethingplain and simple that can be kept hot on the oven top, when the rehearsal's late. She's a model lodger. No perquisites, but pay as regular as 'the Saturday comes round, and always the lady.' 'Ah,' said Jack, 'that's satisfactory. How about upstairs ? I suppose you've another pattern of common-place respect ability on your second floor ?^ The landlady gave a faint cough, as if she were troubled with a sudden catching of the breath, and her eyes wandered ab sently to the window, where she seemed to ask counsel from the grey October sky. i( Who are your upstairs, lodgers ?' asked Jack Chicot, repeating his enquiry with a shade of impatience. ' li Lodgers ? No, sir. There's only one gentleman on my second floor. I have never laid myself out for families. Children are so mischievous, and always tramping up and down stairs, or endangering their lives leaning out of windows, or leaving the street door open; And the damage they do the furniture. Well, nobody can under stand that except them that have passed through the ordeal. /No, sir, for, the last six years I haven't had a child across my threshold.' ' I wasn't enquiring about children,' said Mr.Chieet. ' I was asking about your up itairs lodger.' ' He's a single gentleman, Sir.' «« Young?' ' No, Sir; middle-aged.' 'Ari actor?' ' No, Sir; he has nothing to do with the theatres.' 'What is he?' 'Well, Sir, he is a gentleman—every one can see that— but a gentleman as has Tim through his property. I should gather from his ways that he must have had a great deal of property, and that he's run through most of it. He's not quite so regular in his payments as I could; wish but he does pay — and he's very little trouble, for he's often away for a week at a time, the rent running on all the same, of course.' ' That would hardly matter to him if he doesn't pay it,' said Chieot. 'Oh; but he doespay, sir. He's dilatory, but I get my money. A poor widow like me couldn't afford to lose by the best of lodgers.1' / ? ' What is the gentleman^ name ?' ; « Mr; Desrolles.' .'.;, 7 * ?'* That sounds like a foreign, name.' r ' It may, sir, but £he gentleman's English; I haven't in a general way laid myself out for foreigners,' said the landlady, Tvith a glance at La Chicot, ' though this is rather a foreign neighborhood.' The lodgings were taken, and JackChicot and his wife began a new phase of existence in London. The wife lacked^much that had! made their life in Paris tolerable — the care* less gaity, the brighter skies, the Bohemian pleasures of the French -city — and Jack Chicot felt as if a dense curtain had bees drawn across his youth and all its delusions^, leaving him outside in a cold commonplace world, a worn-out, disappointed man, old* before his time. He missed the gay happy-go-lucky com* rades, who had helped him to forget hia troubles. He missed the drives in the leafy wood, the excursions to suburban dining houses, the riotous suppers after midnight^, all the merry dissipations of his Parisian., life. London pleasures were dull and heavy. London suppers meant no more than eating and drinking too many oysters and too much wine. Mr. Smolendo's expectations were fully realised. La Chicot made a hit at the Prince Frederick. Those flaming posters under every railway arch and on every hoarding in London were not in vain. The music hall was crowded nightly, and La Chicot was applauded to the echo. She breathed anew the intoxicating breath of success, and she grew daily more insolent and more reckless, spent more money, drank more champagne, and was more eager for pleasure, flattery, and fine dress. The hus band looked on with a gloomy face. They were no longer the adoring young eouplev who had walked away arm-in-arm from the Mairie, smiling and happy, to share their wedding dinner with the chosen companions of the moment. The wife was now only affectionate by fits and starts, the husband had a settled air of despondency, whicit nothing but wine could banish, and which, . like the seven other spirits, returned with greater power after a temporary banish ment. The wife loved the husband just well enough to be desperately jealous of his least civility to another woman. The husband had long ceased to be jealous, ex cept of his own honor. Among the frequenters of the Prince Frederick there was one who at this time; was to be seen there almost nightly. He was a man of about five-and-twenty, tallr . broad-shouldered, with strongly-marked features, and the eye of a hawk, a man. whose clothes were well worn, and whose whole appearance was slovenly, yet who looked a gentleman ; evidently uncared foiy possibly destitute, but however low he might sink, a gentleman still. He was a medical student, and one of the hardest workers at St. Thomas's— a man who had chosen his profession because he loved it, and whose love increased with hi» labor. Those who knew most about him said that he was a man destined to make his mark upon the age in which he lived. But he was not a man to achieve rapid suc cess, to distinguish himself by a happy acci dent. He went slowly to work, sounded the bottom of every well, took up every subject as resolutely as if it were the one subject he had chosen for his especial study, flung himself into every scientific question with the feverish ardor of a lover, yet worked with the steadiness and self denial of a Greek athlete. For all the vulgar pleasures of life, for wine or play, for horse-racing or riot of any kind, this young surgeon cared not a- jot. He was so iittle a haunter of theatres that those of his fellow- students who~reco£nised him night after night at the Prince Frederick were surprised at his frequent presence in such 9, place. ' What has come to Gerard?' cried Joe Latimer, of Guys, to Harry Brown, of St. Thomas's. I thought he despised ballet dancing. Yet this is the third time I have seen him looking on at this rot, with his attention as fixed as if he were watching Paget using the knife!' *| Can't you guess what it all means?' ex claimed Brown ; ' Gerard is in love.' ' « In love!' 'Yes, over head and ears in love witfe La Chicot — never saw such a well-marked case — all the symptoms beautifully de veloped — sits in the front row of the pit and gazes the whole time she is- on the stage — net er takes his eyes off her— raves about her to our fellows — the lovliest woman that ever lived, since the unknown young person who served as a model forr the Venus that was dug up in a cave in the island of Milo. Fancy having known that young woman, and put your am* round her waist. Somebody did I dare say ! Yes, George Gerard is gone — annihi- lated. It's too pathetic.' 'And Mademoiselle Chicot is a married woman I hear ?' said Latimer. il Very much married. The husband is always in attendance upon her; waits for her at the stage door every night, or stands at the wing while she dances. La Chicot is a most correct person, though she hardly looks it. Ah, here comes Gerard. Wel!,. old fellow, has the disease reached its crisis?' u What disease,' asked Gerard curtly. « The fever called love.' ' Do you suppose I'm in love with the new dancer because I drop in here pretty often to look at her ?' 'I don't see any other motive for your presence here. You're not a playgoing man.' ' I come to see La Chicot simply because she is quite the most beautiful woman in face and form that I ever remember seeing I come as a painter might to look at the perfection of human loveliness, or as an atdtomist to contemplate the completness of God's work, a creature turned out of the divine workshop without a flaw.' ' I)id you ever hear such a fellow ?' cried Latimer. 'He comes to look at a ballet dancer, and talks about it as if it were a kind of religion.' ' The worship of the beautiful is the religion of art,' answered Gerard, gravely. ' I respect La Chicot as much as I admir* her. 1 have not an unworthy thought about her.' Latimer touched his forehead lightly with two fingers, and looked at his friend JBrown. ' Gone !' said Latimer. ' Very far gone,' replied Brown. ' Come and try the Dutch oysters, Gerard, and let us make a night of it,' said Latimer persuasively. ~ ** Thanlts, no, I must go home to my den andread.' And so they parted, the idlers to their pleasure, $h'e plodding student— the man whaloved work for- its own sake— to his books. jkaura Malcolm iseniainod at the Manor House. Mr- fiHau»/ Ahe , Mcar, Jbad ^ler suaded her to relinquish her Idea of #oing into lodgings in tnesdUage. It would bB a pity to abandon ^he^good old house, he argued. A house left to the care of ser- ^ vants niust always suffer from decay;^andl this house' was i uU of art treasures, objects of interest and of price which hitherto had ?-. lieen in Laura's charge. Why should she: not stay in the house of her girlhood till it -was decided whether she was to Tule there - &s; mistress, or to abandon it for ever ? ; '♦Tour remaining here will not com promise your feedom of choice)' said Mr. -Clare, kindly, *' if you find before the end -of the year that you cannot make up your .mind to accept John Treverton as a hus band.' * ' He may not ask me/'interjeeted Laura, -with a curious smile. -*;- ,.?--.- ' Oh, yes, he wilL : He will come to you in good time to offer you his heart and Jiand, you mayJbe :'SutBf :my ^dear. It canr : not bea difficult thing for any young man to fall in love with such a girl as you, and it seems to me that this John Treverton ~is yery worthy of any woman's regard. I see no reason why your marriage should not foo a love match on both sides, in spite of any old friend's eceentricwill.' . «Im afraid that can never to,' answered Xaura, with a sigh; 'Mr. Treverfcon will never be able to think of me as he might of .any other woman. I must always seem to 'him an obstacle to his freedom and his hap piness. He is constrained' to assume an affection for me, or to surrender a splendid -fortune. If lie is mercenary he will not hesitate- He will take the fortune and .^nie, and I shall despise him for his readi ness to accept a wife chosen for him by another. Ne, dear Mr. Clare, there is no possibility of happiness for John Treverton ;*ndnie.' ; - *' My dear child, if you are convinced rthat you cannot be happy in this marriage, you are free on your part to refuse him,' -said the Vicar. Laura's pale cheek crimsoned. ; -'.That would be to doom him to poverty^ -and to frustrate his cousin's wish,' she answered, falteringly. 'I should hate my -«elf, if I could be so selfish as to do that' ' Then, my dear girl* you aniist resign yourself to the alternative, , and if John Treverton and you are not as passionately in love as the young people who defy their ^parents andrun away to Gretna Green to be married— or did when I was, a young man — you may at least enjoy a sober kind , -of happiness, and get on as well together as the princes and princesses whose marriages Are arranged by Cabinet Councils and Ibreign Powers.' ? r '?':'-. \ ' Do you know anything about Mr. Tre Terton?' asked Laura, thoughtfully. { « Very little. He is an only son— an only -child. I believe. His father and, mother died while lie was a boy, and he became a ward in Chancery. :Se had a jniee little property when hVcame of ''. age, and ran through it nicely, after the manner of idle young men without friends to aivise and guide them. He began his career in the Army, but sold out after he h-d spent his jMoney. I have no idea what he has heen doing'sinee — living by his wits; I'm afraid.'5 So it was settled that Laura was to re main at the Manor Housed with so many of the old servants as would suffice to keep things in good order — the servants to be paid and fed at the expense of the estate, Laura to maintain herself out of her own modest income. She was a young lady of particularly Independent temper, and upon this point she was resolute. 'The money is nobody's money at present,' she said. 'I will not touch a penny of it.' Sad as were the associationsof the house, dreary as was the blank left in the familiar xooms by the absence of one re vered figure, dismal as the silence which that voice could never break again, Laura was batter pleased to stay in her old home than' she would have been to leave it. ? Even the mute, lifeless things among whiok she had lived so long had some part of her love— ^ some hold upon her heart. She would have felt herself a waif and stray in a stranger's house. Here she felt always «t home. If -the rooms were haunted by the shadow of the dead, the ghost was a friendly one, and . looked upon her with loving eyes/ She had sever thwarted, or neglected, or wronged her adopted father. There was no Remorse -mingled with her, grief. She thought bf him with deepest sadness, but without 4-ain. The Vicar was anxious that MissMal ~*}ohn should have a companion. There were plenty of homeless young women— women of spotless reputation and genteel connec tions— who would be delighted to ~be her unsalaried companion, for the sake of a pleasant home. But Laura declared that ^he wanted no companion. 'You must think me very empty minded if you suppose I cannot endure my life without a ypnng woman of the same -age- to sit opposite me and answer to all my Idle fancies like an echo, or to walk oat -with me and help me to admire the land scape, or to advise me what I should order for dinner,' she said. ''Kb, dear Mr. Clare, I want no companion, except Celia now and then. You will let her come and -see me very often, won't you ?' ' As often as you like, or as often as her' parish work wilf let her come,' answered, the Vicar. - ' Ah, you are all such hard workers at. the Vicarage,' exclaimed Laura. : 'Some of us work hard enough, I ; l-elieve/* answered Mr. Clare, with a sigh. ** I wish my son could make up his mind to work a tittle harder.' .' That will gome In good time.' 'I hope so, but I am almost tired of waiting for that good time* ' He is clever and artistic,' said Laura. ' His cleverness i allowed hjm to leave the University without a degree, and his artistic faculties will never help him to, a living,' \- answered the Vicar,lntterly. ' ? ' This only sob of the VjcaVe was a thorn in his side. Edward Clare waa eVery bodv's favorite, and nobody's enemy Tjut his, -own. That was what the village said of him. He was good-looking, jpleveiy. agree able, but he had no ballast. He was a feather to be blown by every, puff of the wind. Hie had never been able to discover the work which he been sent into the world to do, but he. had speedily found out the work for which he was .not adapted. At the University he discovered that the curri ? culuni of an English iciassical education was jiot^tted to the peculiar cast of ids mind. -How much better he could have done at Heidelberg, or Bonn, But when he mate ' ? ? ? - ' ??'??' ? ?' '??- ??* this discovery he had wasted three year* at Oxford, and had cost his father something very .close to a thousand pounds. ' . n: j .- ; The Vicar wanted iis^oniy son to -go into the church, and Edward had been educated' with that vie w, but after failing to get his , degree, Edward found out that lie -had a conscientious: repugnance to the church. His opinions were too broad. : * - 'A man who admires Ernest Renan as .warmly as I do has no right to be a paraon,'' said Edward, with agreeable frankness ; ] so .poor Mr. Clare had to submit to the dis appointment of his most cherished1 hopes- .because his son admired Renan. After having made up his mind upon this pointy Edward stayed at home, read a good deal in a desultory way, wrote a little ; in fine weather, fished, shot, and dawdled away life in the pleasantest manner, finding his days never so sweet as when they were spent at the Manor House. ,-r-_. Jasper Treverton had warmly esteemed the Vicar, and he had liked the son for the father's sake. Edward had always been welcome at the Manor House while' the old man lived, and as Edward's sister was Laura Malcolm's chosen friend, it was natural that the Oxonian sheuld be very often in Laura's society. ;, But now his visits to the good old house where he had felt himself so completely at home, the library in which he had read, the garden in whose leafy, walks he had den lighted to smoke, were suddenly restricted. Miss Malcolm had given him to under Btand, through his sister, that she con sidered herself no longer at liberty to re ceive him. Her friendship for him was in no wise lessened, but it would not do for him to drop in at all hours, or to spend half his afternoons in the library, as in the days that were gone. ' . : 'Idoift see why there should be such restrictions among old friends,' said Ed ward, with -an injured air ; ?*'*? Laura and I are like sister and brother.' 'Very likely, Ned, but then you see everybody knows you and' Laura are not brother and sister, and I think there are a good many people in Hazelhurst who think that you feel somethinga good deal stronger than brotherly regard for her. If she and I were drowning I know which of us you would try 'to save.' ' ). 'Tom can swim,' growled Edward, re membering Talleyrand's famous answer, 'Well, 1 suppose I must submit to fate. Miss Malcolm no doubt considers herself engaged to the mysterious heir, whp does not seem in any hurry to begin his court ship. If old Treverton had bequeathed such a chance to me I should have seized upon my opportunity without an instant's hesita tion.' . ; ?' ? '???;? ' ' ? ''V '' i ;: 'I admire the delicacy which' prompts Mr. Treverton to keep in the background ?._ ?just at first,' said Celia. ' *?' How do you know that it is .delicacy which restrains them,' e^laimed'Edward.: ' How dp' you know that it is not some entanglement— ^-sonie degrading connection perhaps — or at any Jr^te a previous engager ment of some kind l which ties his hands and hinders his advancement -with Laura. No man, unless so constrained, would be besotted enough to neglect such an oppor tunity, or to hazard his chances of sacces3. If he offends Laura she is just the 'kind of girl to rernse him, fortune and utt.' - i \- UT don't think she would do that except upon /very serious grounds,' said Celiai: *' Laura has a strong sense of duty, and she ;? beUeVes it her duty to hex adopted father to assist in carrying out his wishes. I believe she woiild sacrifice her own incli nation to that duty.' , . : . /'Thais' going far,' said ^dwarcL dycoin- ; tentedly, ;*' I begin to 'think that she has. fallen in love with this fellow, meteoric as was his appearance here.' . ;; \ . ; ': 'He-Stayed nearly a fortnight here,' re-^ marked Celia, ' and Laura saw him several times. I don't mean to say that she is in love with him. She has too much common sense to fall in loy0 in that rapid way— but lam sure she does not dislike him.' ' r;j 'Oh, when love begins cpmmon. sense ends. I dare say she is in love, with him. Hasn't she told you as much 'now, Celia P .. Girls like to talk about such things.' ;' ? - 'What do youlmbw about girls ?yi: ,; .? ' '** Oh, nothing, rvegot a siste'r.jsy-hp is one of the breed; a inodel always at hand: to draw from. Come now, Cefia, be sisterly for once in your life. What has Laura told you about John JreyertdnPVV \ ? -., « Noflung. She is particularly reserved upon the subject. I know that. it isia . painful one for her, and I rarely approached ,it.' '- . - . . ...,??;??. ,.-, ... | ?:., ^Well, he is, a lucky dog. I.nsverhated; a fellow ,,so much. 1 iaye, an instinctive Ideathatheisa43coundrel.' ' ' Ajre'iiot instinctive: ideas convictions that jump with our own inclinations 2' speculated Celia, philosophically. 'I am heartily sorry .for you, Ned, dear, for I;, know you are fond of Laura, and it does seem hard to have her; willed, away from, you like this, but seriously now, would,, you be pleased to marrjrjier with no better portion than her own little income? ' 1 'Six thousand in consols,!' said Edward, meditatively, 'I'm afraid that would go a very little way with , a youJog man; and woman of refined tastes. We might love- . each other ever so dearly, and be ever so happy together, but I'm afraid we should starve, Celia, and that our children's, only inheritance would be their legal claim, pn their own parish. I thought that wicked old man would leave her handsomely pro vided for.' ' li Yoii had no right to thinkithat, know ing that he had pledged himself to leave her nothing.' \ '. . . 'Oh, there would always have been a way of evading that. I call his will abso lutely shameful— to force a high spirited girl to take a husband of his chopsmg— ?& fellow whom he had never seen when he made his will.' . .,, ' .; 'He took care to see young Mr. Tre verton before he died. ,1 daresay if he. had not been favorably impressed he - would have altered liis will at the last moment.' ; This conversation took place nearly four months after Jasper Treverton's death. The hedgerows were growing green; the ; birds had eaten the last of the crocuses,; the violets were ail in bloom in the shrub bery borders, the grass grew fast enough to require weekly shearing, and the Manor House garden was a pleasant place to walk in, full of budding trees and: opening blossoms, and the songs of birds, telling each other rapturously that spring had com© in earnest, and that winter days and a stony hearted, frost-bound- earth were thing's of the paStt 7. . .:.. :..:?'' -':.J j , Eaward Cla^e Ifiljeyal himsalf t'lamost ill-used of young men; He was goodlook ing-Hoay,.r«MJCoiding to the general jndg ment rof iris% particular : circle, remarkably handsome; he was cleverer and more ac (complished than most young men of bis age and standing, if he had done nothing as yet to distinguish himself it was not for lack of talent, he told himself compla cently.; It.was only because he had never yet put his shoulder to the wheel. He did not consider that duty strongly called upon every, man to do his uttermostpart in the labor of- moving that m^hty wheel. A cleyer young man like himself might stand on one side and watch other fellows toiling at the job, knowing that he could doft ever so much better if he only cared to. try. '. -.' . ,.' ? . ', :. : . ; ; JFvux years ago, when he first went to Oxford, he had made up his mind that he was to be Laura Matcolm!s husband. Of course Jasper Treverton would leave her a handsome fortune, most likely his entire estate. There must be a dozen ways of evading that ridiculous oath. The old man might make over his property to Laura by a deed of gift, which would not be willing it to her. He might leave it to trustees for her use and benefit. In some manner or other she would be his heiress. Edward felt very .sure of that, seeing as he did the old man's deep love for his adopted daugh ter. So when he found himself falling in love with Laura's sweet face and winning ways, the young Oxonian made no struggle against Cupid, the mighty conqueror. To fall in love with Xaura was the highroad to fortune* infinitely better than Church or .Bar. But he was in no hurry to declare Jhimself r— he was not an impulsive young man; slow and cautious rather. To make Laura an offer and be rejected would mean banishment from her society. He thought she liked him, but wanted to i be very sure as to the strength of her feelings before he declared himself her lover. His position as her friend was too* advantageous to be lightly hazarded. {To be continual.). ? : 