The Pulpit in Warwick. AS VIEWED FEOM THE PEW. ST. MABT'B. -J ACCORDING to an announcement in Tues day's issue, wo publish to-duy a report on .. 8t. Mary's" Church*. This is our second (/nasi religious notice, and wo feel assured from the gratifying appreciation which I marked tho issue of our previous pulpit 1 article, that our space will not lr; min.ippliud i by repeating at judicious uiL'M'v.yU, thin class | of original matter for tho entertainment of | our readers. As u rule, tho doings of every I Institution in the country receive attention from the Press. The business of Parliament, down to tho smallest details of Local Govern ment, receive frequent and full publicity in the Metropolitan and Provincial Press. The unobtrusive .Minister of the Gospel is heard once a week, and certainly there are some instances in the world where a congregation might just as well he at their homes, us listening to tho wearisome rigmarole which is too often imposed as a u sermon." But even undtir the most favorable circumstances, anil | in these days of " Stokes on memory," there I are few who am boar in mind the drift of an i eloquent discourse, such as passed the lip* of | tho Rev. J. J. Uoran on Sunday evening. These religious report* might therefore, now | and again, bo placed before the public, as an I assistance to tho Church, with profit to the reader, and wo trtist tho newspaper too I It. affords the reader an opportunity to thoroughly digest the subjects discoursed, and we kuow from pust experience that these sermons have been d-Hiply appreciated, and read with much avidity, by our distant friends in the bush, who are far removed from any place of wor ship. St. Mary's, the subject of our present notice was erected about sixteen yeui-s ago, on a strip of Land nt tho higher end of Patmerin* street, which was purchased in behalf of the Churoh, Land in those primitive days, fetched a somewhat excessive prico for the oarly expectations* which have b.»en bo happily realised, of a prosperous town on the Conda mine, put bind at a liigh price. But this was an insignificant item in the sum-total for land and building, for we find that the sivcred edifice alone cost nearly JB200J! However, large an expenditure the Church may have entailed, the contractor left to Dr. C.ini and his revemnd successors a substantial temple, which will, stand for many a long age. The interior of tho Church is plainly furnished, and. the Catholics of Warwick can plead guiltless to extravagance. There are a num ber of coloured prints suspended on tho walls, typical of the life of our Saviour, the old sittings aro of a plain kind, but new and handsomer ones have been partially furnished at a cost of £100, whilst the altar may no doubt, appear to better advantage by-and bye for hv're is concentrated all the emblazon ment and effect of the Catholic service; whilst over the entrance end of the Church is the gallery devoted exclusively to Organist and , Uioir, Wo noticed that the vocalists were all ladies, and they certainly discourse the Gregorian chants and Vospjw With much feeling and taste. Apropoa of the building, ?t may be stated, that a, material addition is now in process of completion* at u ooat of £1000, which will add much to its beauty and appropriate shnpo, but in its present unfinished state, it would be prudent to postpone any detailed notice <td referendum. We now appro tch the principal object of our notice-tho R »verend Fathor Uoran him self. aud he must pillion us at the outsit for suspecting that lie has not yet passed thirty five BuujmoiB. But though young in years, he is very old in experience -colonial* as well as general experience, and we believe no Priest has seen so much of the Colony of Queensland, as Father Uoran. This is ac counted for by the official peregrinations, which he was ouJled on to make* whilst hold ing the position of Secretary to the Chief Ec clesiastic at Brisbane. Born from distin guished p-trenta^e. Father Koiun might have chosen a profession in which his great mental powera and origi«u.l wit wmil.1 *»*»«« aio-rn ** much greater advantage than in the Church. We allude to the Bar, but Providence has ruled otherwise, and tho Church of Rome profits by so faithful a servant. We aro indebted to a kind neighbor for the following particulrrs respecting the rev-'rend gentleman. Father Koran was horn in Kildare, and was roared and educated in the city of Dublin. He w;is educated in the College of his uncle. Dr. O'Quinn, (the present Bishop of Brisbane) the founder and owner of it. EYtther Horan thus secured en couragement and advantage for bis earlier education, which few enjoy. His subsequent collegiate step was not under less distinguished auspices. From his uncle's branch of the University, we find him passing into the University itself, under Dr. Newman* the present Cardinal. Those who remember Father Koran's collegiato days, will recollect how swiftly be pissed through the curriculum of the University* and was sent to Versailles, near Paris, to complete his philosophical and theological studies. 1'hat he qualified in all thes3 with unusual precocity, inny be accepted as a fart, when we stat^, that having com pleted nnd qualified in the whole course of his studies* he was yet too young for ordina tion, and during the interim Father Horan found himself one morning elevated to the position of Vice-President of the College in which he wus first educated. We have spoken of his vast colonial experience, and we may proceed in brief to point out the direc tion in which this lay. He landed in Austr** Ha eleven years ago, and was sent at once to Bockampton* where he passed some time. We next find him' at Brisbane for two years, and then to Maryborough, when, after a short stay, he was appointed to take charge of the CltMinont Mission. The old song " Don't expert much from your Uncle," was exempli fied here, for it is evident that Father Horan was put through the preliminary facings of his qacrcd office, to a protracted degree* in Riinc of the hottest and uioft obnoxious pirts of the colony. And in the hardships and inconveniences which he was called on to bear, he seemed certainly to be a "very much moved uiau." He Wiis not long at home at, Clermont, before a mandate summoned him to tho important office of Secretary to Bishop O'Quinn. To this position Father Horan owes his wide colonial experience, embracing a detailod knowlodgo of the dioceBos of both North and South Queensland, travelling aB ho frequently was with the Bishop, in his visitations to tbo romotost boundaries of the colony. Apart: from the exhausting effects of official routine alone, it does not surprise us to find that keeping pace with the robust Dr. O'Quinn in his laborious itinerary, told a title on a not very strong constitution, and about four years since. Father Horan came to Warwick to take charge of the mission. We will not embark into the rude extreme, adopted too frequently now-a-days, of describ ing a gentlemans personal appearance, his neatly buttoned coat and nice cravat! Father Horon is too well-known in the district, to need such ungracious comment* and indeed 1 most favorably known by all classes outsido tho circle of his flock. When we catch him in his " secular " moments- if such a term be applicable to the Roman Catholic Priest-we find him the most gonial and humourous of people, and in no way can his popularity bo better guaged,' thau by tho applause with which his name is announced in the toast of | the " Clergy and Ministers " at our public ban* quots. Fathor Horan is not the stereotyped speaker we are too often accustomed to hear atsuchtimos, and the public are gcnorally suro of ten or fifteen iuinutcB of witty tnelo dius elocution, appropriate to the occasion. On Sunday evening our leading object in attending >St. Mary's, was to hear tho sermon, and note it fully, for the purpose of publica tion. After Vespors, we enjoyed this treat. The Reverend Preacher, an usual, discoursed crfcmpnrr, repudiating the assistance of a single note, a habit aIiicIi one member of (he Church assures us, lia* boon followed by Father Hoiun through life. Commencing in a measured and impressive tone of vioca. ha noon drifts into s-vift and distinct articulation, which is preserved to thu end. The evening's discourse consisted of u homily on tho Gospel of the Sunday (80th after fcontocoiit), which is token from John iv. 40 to 51. Tile revd. preacher ilid not take any particular text as thu foundation of his sermon, but quoted and explained in a running and eloijuont commentary, thi) dif ferent verseB of Jbe Sunday's Gomv'l, which contains an account of .loijUB Christ lioaling the son of the niler of Capornauui. lie said : llie Gospel of fe>.duy my beloved brethren (Jives us the history of ono out of the many wnndure wrought by Our Blossod Bedeetn/r iu proof of HiB kinilnnas. and his solicitude not only for the. spirituil, but oven Uie tem poral welfare of those whose souls He came upon twi lli to nave. The primary object of Uis ivmimg down from Heaven, the object for which lie wupt in Gethsemane, for which He was scourged in the Hall of Pilate, frr winch Ho bled on Mount Calvary, is the re demption oi our immortal souls. Hut a les son in afforded us in tlie Sunday's Gospel that He will not refuso to accede to our petitions when we ask tumpoml favors, so long as the granting of them will tend to our spiritual advancement. What seems to me, however, to be the inoet natural as well us the most useful instruction imparted by the simple narrative in to- day's Gospel is how God will assist by flu divine power those parents who Conscientiously perform their duty towards their cluldwi, ftr»t with regard to their spiri tual, and thai their temporal welfare '1 he narrative rum thus-a certain ruler 'whoso son wtus sick at Capernaum having hoard that Jasus »^^>«e from Judoa, into Galileo, -r*"'."' and hesought Him tocomedown and heal his son. fot 1m was at the point of death. Jesus said to him - Unless vou see signs and woudors jou believe not" The ruler anxious n, mind it the danger of losing hie son, and believing that Jews Christ could prevent that loss urges agait* " fjnrii come down before tliat my son die.'- if ,' mid " Go thy way thy son Jlveth." The man believed the word of Christ went- his met his servants on his return journey, ami learned from them the jryful tidings that the fever left his son at the very hour Jesus Christ was sp.uking to him. But a far wea ter blessing was in store for him. As a re ward for hiB trust and confidence himself and his whole family received the gift, of faith iSoiv. my beloved brethren, should not so happy a termination of this rulers nnne.il to Jesas Christ on behalf of his son, encourage Stents to discharge conscientiously their uty towards their children r Should they not take this man as their model and hope for-a Bimilar suecm P He,doubtless bad heard of the mai\y infirm persons healed by this divine Saviour. Ho had tried every hu nian romedy to restore his son to health and failed. There WOB one chance still remain ing, and to that he clung with tho fond hopo inspired by patornal lore and augmented' by faith. He would make an appeal to one, in whom none over hoped, and were confounded. He undertook his journey, presented himself' before Jesus Christ, nail by his earnest nnd repeated supplieation to Hiui to 'ooih« down and heal his son, fully proved that ho belioveil ho was beseeching the fountain of life, tbo Sovereign arbiter of life and death, in be half of his son. In this he sets an example to christian parents of lion- thoy should uct and to whom they should have recourae in their own and their childrens spiritual nnd temporal necessities. But in their anxiety, and solicitude, in regard to their children they should l»ar in mind that they are ad dressing a God who teaches us tho relative value of spiritual and temporal things, by tolling us in the sacred Scriptures that he loved our souls so tenderly. He valued thorn so highly that he gave up His only begotten son to the ignominious death of the cross to re deem them, whereas our bodies are but tliB dust of the . arth, the destined f.iod of worms, the inheritors of misery, infirmity und cor ruption. " Remember man thou are but dust .»n«i into iliieb NllHK ruWim." Ul|r tetn» poml interests are therefore only of secon dary consideration, and tempoml prosperity and- happiness, ore to bo sought or even de sired by us only as aids to our eternal salva tion. It would seem as if the ruler of Ca pernaum attached more importance to the temporal than the eternal interest of his sou, and in liis great anxiety for the former lost sight of the latter. Bosidea from the way in which he addressed his petition to Jesus' Christ. " Lord come down," it would appear til it though he believed in His willingness to heal his son still lie thought Christ's presence at his son's bedside, indispensable for his re storation to henjth. Thus this fact of bis asking such a favor from the Redeemer proves his faith, but tho way in which he asks shows the incompleteness of his belief in God's omni potence. and hiA utter ignorancc of Jesus Christ's omnipresence as God. The Saviour rebukes liim for his want of perfect faith, " Unless ynii see signs and wanders you be' lleve not." ami in: order to malt." him fully understand Urn Power of God and His pre. sencti everywhere He cured hiB son on the moment, though absent, and by a single word or; rather by a single act of His all powerful will, " Go thy way thy son Jiveth." A ealu tary lesson is here given to us of the great truth of (god's continuous watching over us of how ,f we live move and havo .our being," as St. Paul says in the Almighty ; how Ho sees our every act, how He hem's eveiy word ive utter, how He is cognisant even more than omuelvoH of every thought wo conceive . how ail things are naked and open to His' eyo»-even our most secret thoughts and ac tiDHs. How can we dure to sin in the ptv Rence of so holy a being f How can we bo far forget iiis presence as to allow ouiselven to dwell on biul thoughts, to foBter in our hearts unjiiBt, uncharitable, revengeful and itnholy desires, when we know that "the searcher of hoart* and reins is God." How can we allow our tongues to curse, to swear, to blaspheme, to use profane and perhaps obscene language when our faith teaches us that "every idle word man shall speak, lie shall havo to render an. account of on the day of judgment" ? Huw mm we be guilty of so many sins by net. when we know that we commit them iu the sight of that same God who fortells in Holy ! writ of tho searching examination, the tor rible trial that awaits us at tho Bar of His divine justice not only for sinB of commission but even of omission. " I WUs hungry and you did not givo uie to eat, I was thirsty and ! you did not give me todriuk, I was sick and m prison and you did not visit me. I was' miked and you did not. clothe ine!" \Ve 1 thus speak evil, think evil and act wrongly or I omit to net rightly for tho self same reason which caused the rulerof Capernaum to ask , Jesus Christ " to come down" with biin to , /KM? ma eon, W*., oar wuafc of proper faith in, orn"ri~norunce of the ouinipiDsoncu of Al- : God. Would fathers and mothers, ' who receive Bpecial instruction in to-day 9 1 (tOBpoJ, scandalise tbeir children by allowing the in to wituoss an^or, quarrelling with oacli . other, eti ruing, drunkenross etc. liad they a <" pmctioal faith that thoy are continually in tho presence of that same God, that same Su P«rQ0 t*TwdKti who the Scriptures < " ** op no to the man who scaudulieoth even tho least of thoRe little on OR who believe in jbo ^ . . better that ho bad nerer bi>L»n born." Mumr piironta are as anxious for their «hildrcn a welfare as the rulor of Ca» poraatiiii, ua deeply movod by their Bickness and sufforinff, as deeply deplore their threa* tened loss, and pray to Goil quite aa fervently i for their restoration to haalfch. Thoir conn. ^1en.CeJ'l ^.0(^R «"oodnesa ia quite ha tfreat, 1 their faith iu God'n infallihle piximisea quite ! fwnrm. Thcylnaveno human rumedy untried, thoy Hpare no pains in carefully nursing and tending their wck and afflicted off"»priutf. thoir parental heart overflows with pain and sorrow on th.»ir account; they send up for. vent petitions to hoaven t\at the object of their wJiatude, pwhapd their only aud woll beloved child* ma^be^btt&l;, and y£f Ho/ whose judgment* arc *-ipeomprohi>nsibW, whose ways urc unsearcs&Sble;, allows*lhe..in- I cxomble gnisp of death to seise them. Are ' such parents to imagine that God was deal to their fervent and oft repeated appeals f Are . they to suppose that He was less disposed to J hoar them than he wait the ruler of Caper- , naum ? Should they fot a moment mistrust God's infallible promise 41 Ask and you shall ' receive" ? No, my brethren, they should utill bo penetrated with a lively faith, ani mated with a firm hope and inflamed with un nrdent love for that good and tucrciful j God who called their innocent charge from this sinful world to one in which he will be1 eternally happy, who withdrew the object of their affections from the midst o? iniquity j " lest evil should pervert his mind, or lost fiction should deccive his soul." Had their I child lived even to extreme age they could hope for nothing bettor in his iwhalf than that, by the assistance of God's graco, he would die it happy death. They had to fear j lest, meantime, his heart should be perverted and depraved by yielding to the innumerable trials and temptations (6 which he would ne cessarily be exposed during his mortal career in this valley of toars, and that eternal death would be the consequence. The more they loved him the more they were in danger of overlooking his faults and allowing him to become anlave to them, of souring and spoil ing his natural disposition by overindnlgence, of making him wayward, selfish and disobe dient by liuraouring his unreasonable whims and childish caprices. Had he reached man's estzite^perhaps he might have been the tune of your life, and, owing to your 'own bad bringing up, might have brought your gray hairs in sorrow to the grave. How then can you imagine that God did not hoar your prayer simply because He removod your child from the midst of so jrnny dangers, bo cause He allowed death to have o victim now and heaven an additional inhabitant, rather than to afford hell an additional victim, it may be, in some ynars to come and yourself, to die of a broken heart? Regard their death, then, in u* "christian manner. God heard your prayers in a way most beneficial to yourselves as well as to theiu. They rawed to live a life of misery on earth in order to commence a life of eternal happiness in heaven. They have but corresponded to their exited, their eternal destiny, for which alono God created them. Coase to weep for their temporal loss since faith toaohos you that It has secured to theui an eternal jjain; cease to lament their temporary separation from your selves since you know that it has secured tbeir eternal union with God. Naturally you will weep for their loss, yon will feel sad because they are sepaiuted from you, because you no longer hear them lisp out the candid expres sion of undoubted and intense love of ttafeir innocent hearts; 'but, fear not, that God of pity who dried up the tears of the poor widow of Nairn by restoring to life and to her ma ternal bosom her only eon* will console rather than reprove the grief of the bereaved father or mother, provided they accept their loss with christian resignation, provided their sorrow does not spring, from their selfishness rather than froui the disinterested love they bore their innocient, and now eternally happy, children. The ruler of Capernaum urgently invoked the intervention of Christ's supenuv turul power in favor tf Ills son." .Jf he q?d not believe tn the possession by Christ of that supernatural power he would not have in voked its exercifc». Yet, Jesus Christ said to him: " Unless yott sec signs and wonders you believe not/' As if He thus wished us to I understand HituYou already have cauRe i sufficient to believe that God is everywhere, I that ilis power is omnipotent, that His pro vidence continually protects you; that same ! Divine Providence, however, governs all . things with such perfect hartitony, with such ! admirable order ami regularity that, to prac : tically convince you Of its Very existence, God I himself must cause soipe sudden.and surpris 1 tag break, souie astounding exception, in the | laws of nature AS 'regulated by Him. Dark < ness by night, the nrilliant illiunination of t the world by day, the imparting of | mill vruruiLU co tne earth so that its surface | Should be covered with abundant fruits for | our use, the admirable order of the; planets, j the laws of gravitation, everything, in a word, i prockwmsihe aU powerful will, guided by the infinite wisdom, of an omnipotent Creator; the very reason of their existence is to give God honor and glory, to show His power and wisdom, andforman*s use and benefit. So ! far, however, from convincing us of the con «! tinuouB watchfulness over us of God's prori i dencc, the admirable perfection of design and , execution in these laws seems to be the very \- cause of our practical unbelief in the exis tence of a Providence. Must Jesna Christ then repeat to ub 11 Unlertryou see signs aqd wonders you believe not-" Will we compel Him to elude us with our want of trust in Him who feeds the birds of tbe a?r, who clothes the lilies of the field so beautifully that . even Solomon in all liis glory Was not arrayed I' oa the least of them, who causes His son to shine on the just and the anjast, who has numbered tho hairs of our head so that one of them cannot fall without His knowledge, | ami who' not only allows but commands as to I address Him by the endearing title of father. If Ho clothes the graBB so magnificently ami feeds the birds of the air so abundantly, how much more will he not do for you, On ye of little faith! And since He performs each wonders in the natural, how much greater will Ho not perform in the supernatural 1 order ? With how much more force can He not say to us, too, that unless we see signs and wondors we believo not? Jesus Christ rebuked, in the foi'cgoing words, the ruler of Capernaum, lint having rebuked him for . his want of faith Ho immediately did the very thing (hat 'was most calculated ~Jto in spire faith and inflame .his heart with love, viz., lie healed his son. * God treats us in a precisely similar manner tn order to make' us believo. The Redeemer of men came down from heaven, took upon Himself the form of a slave, led a most Jioly and selfdenying life on earth for thrrty-tlireo years, during tho liuit three of which He Vent abont Judea and ' Gulilee doing good, causing the blind to see, the lame to walk, the deaf to hear, the lepers to be cleansed, and even the dead to rise again to life# thereby proving that He was truly God. At the end of His public mission of three years He warned His ApojtJcs, the | chosen twelve, that tho time was at hand i when the Son of man must Buffer, in order to ! return to tho glory of His Father. JJut be j fore doing so He promised thnt He would not ! leave them orphans. His infinite wisdom ' prompted and assisted by His infinite love 1 and infinite power, caused him to find a ! means of still remaining on oarth euon after His ascension into heaven. At the Lust Supper He changed 1>rcad and wine into His ' own most adorable body and blood, and He I conferred on His Apostles the power of do ; ing the swue, " pp this for n commemoration ? of me." And test they would' think it' Was i but to themselves and to their iinmediute ' successors he confided so great a power He \- extended its operation vo the end of time, " Behold I am with ^ou all days, even to the consummation of the world." He then al lowed Himself to be betrayed by Judos. Ho t drained the bitter chalice of His passion to tho very dregs by His agony ifi tho garden of Gcthscmane, by His being scourged at the ' pillar, crowned with ttfb^ns, and nailed to a ' cross, on which He expifod after threo hours of the most excruciating pain. On the third day after His death He Arose again, glorious and immortal. Forty days liter He ascended from , ; Mount Olivet int6 heaven, and in txty days He fulfilled a promiso made to the Apostles pre-, i vious to His asoonBlon, " I will send the Holy I I Ghost, the spirit of truth, to teach you all I things, (tad to abide with you for ever/1 On I Pentecost Sunday " the Holy Ghost descended , . in the form of fiery tongues imd sat upon 1 every one of them." And now comes tho , proof that He treated us as the ruler of Caper-' nauui, vis., rebuked our waut of faith and gave us tho strongest reasons for belioving. i T I The world was aRtonished at twelve poor* ijf I norant. illiterate fishermen " speaking in I divers tongues the wonderful works of 6^7 '3 ' People wore still more astonished whon twelve men announced that Ji-Hna of Naaareth, , tho rejected of His people, tho reputed im postor and malefactor, whom they had caused 1 to be crucified, wan truly God, that Hi' heSl riBcn from the do.nl, and that it was in Ilia name they preached, and by virtua of his power they worked mich miracles as to verify the prediction of Jesus Christ, who said when people wondered at His great works, " Grea tor things than these shall you seo." Thus, when the Church was in its infancy, when Christianity was beim; rooked in its cradle, God gave the Apostles power to prove by "signsand wonders" the boawnly mission on wh'ch Ho sent thein, to boar HiB rvuni; be fore the princes and kings of the earth, to establish the Qospel of Christ from one end of 1 the earth to the other. And as tbo knowledge i of revealed truths becamo more general, as I Christianity wiw more widely diffused, as ru | vaaled religion tuok a more firm hold on I men's minds, such miracles bocama less II frequent and even of rare occurrence. And why F An the gardener, says St. Ore- , gory, when he plants a tree, waters it and 1 ! carefully tends it, till it has taken firm root i ; and no longer requires such attention, so AU | mighty God fostered and strengthened the ' tree of faith, by the wonders which He worked | I through His ministers, until it had taken firm root nnd no longer required such proofs to show that it emanated from God. Tt re ! quirad the assistance of miracles to estab lish the pborch i but when ouce established they became unnecessary. Its very existence | is a continued miraclct. That it hua with ' stood the vicissitudes, the persecutions! the | indiflerentism, the infidelity, at one time tho i contempt, at another the violent antagonism of kings and princes, «ind many other dan | gers, for more than eighteen hundred yeirs, ' still professing the same faith which the ! Apostles preached on the day of Pentecost; j that the long line of her Pontiff* should be ! unbroken since the days of Pdtor; that Her j mora than one thousand bishops, more than two hundred thousand priests, ami two hun dred and fifty millions of faithful children, ' scattered over every region and inhabiting every clime, should profeSB the same dogmas, .partake of the same sacraments, and joyfully : obey the ever lawful commands of her Chief Pastor, Christ's Vicar on earth, is in itself a miracle more wonderful than to cause the blind to sec, the lame to walk, or even the dead to rise again. But it does not astonish ' us, as she is infallible, and her Divine Foun ' dor promised that " the gates of bell shall never prevail against her." Parents, who have n model in the rnler of papernmnji, should not only malre'themselvos ac<fifa1nted, as far as they can> with the dopmas of faith, but they should instruct their children bv word and example. This ruler- addressed himself to Jesus Christ, the Son of God, thas showing that Qod atone can grant us Biipei' natursl favors. His petition was granted be cause of his confidence, his fervour nnd his perseverance. But. a greater blereitlg, one that he never dreamt of asking, wim to fol low, ns we read that" himself believed, and his whole house." The goodness of this ten der and loving father obtained for himself nnd his entire household that which they did not before posses*, vis., the blessing of perfect (kith. From this three things would seem to follow for the guidance of parents, i-1st That parents ore in duty bound to lead such lives as may safely be imitated by their chil dren. They must pray regularly morning and evening, they si net, ussist, piously and devoutly st the holy socrifico of tqe mass ioh Sunday's anddays o£..o!»ligation, they ojuat avoid bad language of over; kind, and par ticularly in titer hearing of their, ctyildnen, they must guard against passion or illtcm per, they must not'eensure or speak unkindly of their neighbor, bnt must respoet his right, to his good name, they inuat be scrupulously honest in their: dealings, in a word., they must bring down the blearing of God ion themselves and their families, like'the rater nf OijMniiiiiiA, fcy tilif rirttic of Ulrtr XlVflB. gad. Truly virtuous and pious parents are as anxious for the spiritual and temporal wel fare of their children ns they nro for their own. Therefore, besides setting them good \- example, they 'never, allow them to' forget their morning and everting 'devotions; they compel them to attend regularly tc their re ligion duties. Thny toaoh tbem wsy-ut and obedience to parental authority, lend to their spiritual and temporal superiors. They point out to them the gravity of sin no matter .how committed, andthe different ways in which . they may be guilty of it. Solid religious in struction is the foundation ott which this oJi fi*e of piety and virtue should be reared, j Parents should join to this'a duif regard for ' their children's temporal advancement. They ' must afford them an easy opportunity of the ' best education in secular suhjeota within their 1 reaeh, in schools where their faith And morals 1 will not be exposed to danger; they should >1 teach t hem, or cause them to be taught, a I tradecr » profession in keeping alike with ! their tastes, tulent* -and social status; tbey | DbfHild, by putirmt industry and becoming frqgsRty, secure for them tho means neoes airy to establish them in their position . in life. 8rd. True domestic comfort and hip-, pitiess cannot exist in a f amily whose' mem bersarew^ truly pious' and virtuous. /The ; truly religious father attends to bis daily i avocations with assiduity, nod passes his evenings or leisure hours in tho bosom of his family, being very careful to avoid harsh - j ness -efmanner or language towards bis wife ; and children. Hie religions mfcrtherliss nei ther the will nor the time for idle ana frivol ous conversation with bet neighbors, talking of ' the faults and imperfections of others, anxious to assist in removing the mote from their eye whilst her pride and self-sufficiency prevent bebfritn secihg the. beam'in herbwn. She is too busy in the performance of her domestic duties, and too much engaged in the maternnl care which she devotes to her childnm. As tho good tree cahnot bring forth bad fruit the children of sach parents are living proofs of the piety of their father and mother. Hcnco the liannony, hence tbo mutual forbearanco and nfection nmongBt the members of such a family. But when l this solid virtue, which springs from true piety, is not possessed by parents, then we hoar of domestic misery and wretchedness. The unfortnnate father, perhaps naturally quiet, hardworking and kindhearted, spends tho six days of the week in toiling hard, and the seventh in dissipation and drunkenness, instead ofsuictifying it by works of piety, whilst his family are shamefully neglected, ' and his home a revolting scene of privation I and misery. He unfortunate mother, tin-' ! governed by cooscienoe, sometimes a drank- j ' urd, but more frequently an idle and vain ' worldling, dissipating in useless finery or un- ! neaessaiy and useless luxuries and amuse- ? ments, the fruits of ber husband's labor. , 1 She fills ber children's minds with yain and I ambitious notions, and encourages them by word and example to lead aimless and pro fitless lives. &ld; to this disrespect for her superiors, harshness and' contempt for ber I equals, tyranny towards her inferi&rs;, with ! just a sufficient veneering of religion to en- 1 \ able her to successfully play tbo hypocrite, . I and you have but too true a picture of the mother without faith and consequently witli | out solid virtue.. What a terrible account | such parents will'have to render on the day of j udgement 1 What will they answer when: | tho Supreme Jud^o will ask what they have | done with these priceless gems, tho souls of their innooont. children? Let them toko | warning in time, let them correct such shame ful abases which can ond but in temporal. I and eternal misery. Let them imitate the' good and examplary father represented by , the ruler of Capernaum, on whom the great ' gift of faith was conferred because of his dil ligjnt and faithful discharge of bis duty as a ' ' a father. Let them, like him, instil tho same I faith and foster the same virtuo in thoir chil- I dren. Teach them by word and example to I know, love, an£kerve they tfill bo a source haMneas to yo^beteaad the ?means of jronr^Brnal gl"»ry Sfrro&fter.; ,. The rercrenjl g.'ntleiiian^ima listened to with marked attention throughout,^ a full congregation. Ther« are:three Bervicos dur<> tag the 4*y» in the'morning «t. 8 o'clock* and mass at llfrelock, when we noticed from the crowded state of the building a necessity for the coming extension. The accession of raoinbcrsat morning muss ia accounted for by the presence of people from a distance. The evening service commences at 7.30, the sorrnon being- followed by the Bendictfan, which is attended by the lighting up of the Altar with a clustor of tapers that are fixed uniform and ornate. " Those have a brilliant <jffoct, and quito iVuuitao tho interior of tho Bacred edifice.. But one shortcoming struck us forcibly, and that was tho absence of mole voices in tho choir. These are permissible at the Brisbane Cathedral, and we can see no objection to as much effect oe possible being given to the musical pottiqn ,w jthe services in tho provincoSi Doubtless the Bishop has prudential reason* for withdrawing male yoices from ;provintial choirs, but there is an apparent inconsistency , in it. In writing these notices, however, on the various I churches, we shall carefully -abstain from ex | pressing any opinion of our own. That is | not our province, but feel at liberty,- in | conclusion, to express one opinion, *.e., that our Roman Catholic neighbors appear to be, oolleotitt3{y, (4/W- happy famUy* and al though' here and there exceptions may exist, whlcn teaU for the admonition conveyed in Sunday's leeson, wo can conscientiously eay that so far m the service is concerned all things are done "decently nnd in order." Their church can boast of great antiquity as suggested by the reverend preacher, in bis discourse and to-day stands anything but an tiquated. 