COPELAND. October 6. WBATHXIU-Tba weather is splondid. We bare, had a .oupleof light thunderstorms during the week and ahaib »tomi. Our cabbage and pumpkin gardens aro looking Al. MINING,-Tho Bainbow machine bas put through about 10 tons from the Shamrock prospecting claim for an in significant yield ¡ 20 tons from Beard and party, Morning Btaxlinp orroef, for a yield of 13oz ; 30 tons from Easton abd pa'rt.v, Bosetta lino of roof, for 2f)os¡; about 20 tons toni "No'. 1 Star of tho South now going through ; Lady al moro stone still going through Burley's machine. Prince ¿Iward'maoiiiue put tbrouirh eight tons from prospecting olaiiB, Bank Beef, for SOoz. A reef has been discovered near th«, two creek?, which, it is said, yields nice prospects. Thu Mint Meat (Chalmers, and party) «ra. raising »«ry fair stout.',, HO are two leases on the Bank reef. Hughes and Proctor (Blaok Prince-line,of reef ) aro still vaisiug, tirst-ratu stune. Jib. 1 Bast Mountain Midd (Bayley ami party) is still flrstrrate. HiddaiL Treasure p. ci (Cameron and party) are raisiug richer stone IXau any otherlalaini ou tho Held, and tho reef »till-nearly 2ft thick. This party have drivon uorth attho 200ft level about 30ft, and aro now forced to discontinuo tho drive ah a'.'count of insufficient air. and have comihouocd to stope, and expect to havo a good crushiug for Christmas and the Exhibition, Many persons have not gone to tho Exhibition from hore, but look out for us at. Christmas ¡ we'll bo upou you metropolitans, and wo hopo you will havo th» Garden Palace nice and comfortable for us. ] expect a ..-roatinany of us,will have to peg out rssidence areas aud pitoh our touts. A very amiUjiug.incident in connection with thc leasing ayetom o'ocurred herc last Tuesday night or Wednesday morning. It appears No. 1. South Centennial was reported for non-fulfilment of tho labour conditions,.and wnrç, cancelled in last Tuesday's issue of tho GOVUKNMKNT QJUIOTE. Tho persous who reported it took po?session of thclease early on .Tuesday. The original lessees received a t'olegwin from Sydney ou Tuesday ns follows:-"'73 is on fcho-spreo," Another parly also received a telegram as follows:-"Braudy is out to-day." Of courso each party Kept, their information and intoutious secret. The Hrandvs arrived on tho lease near that, magic hour of night, when only ghosts aud goblins vegetate, and ii would bc làwful'for them to stick pegs in the ground. They were a littlo too early, so had to wait a while, and they naturally felt a.little nervous at tho sombre stillness of that magie huur.* Ouo of their number, who appeared to be the l«idjBr or gracie, was instructing the others in the mode oJTtaking possession, when suddonly there rose on the night,air the most horrible yells, screeches .and grunts.. The Brand vs s I av tod down that hill at a pace impossible to estimate', leaving; the oraçjo behind, who from old .age or Bittiness was uuablo to keep up, and who kept calling out "it's only à bar, it's only a bar ; don't mu away aud leave a fellow, like that." Tho fugitives at. length steadied,:and alter" some powerful assurances from the oracle in high pressuré vernacular they returned. " Pienso Mr. Oracle, .ir,-what did the.bear sing out for, sir?" asked a youthful member "of ' tho Brandys, just up from the Exhibition, **JHbeothc sit on his tai) and hurt hisself," replied the oracle/, which explanation was received with rorpectful astonishment, and Iud to a debate pu the screeches, yells,, ' aud grunts, . of native bears generally, tnoir cause- and effect. So time passed until about ten' minutes or less after 12, when from tho north, aud west angle of' the laud in question, there arose a yell; a most infernal yell, mid nnsworiiig yells from all the other angles. Thc Brandys did not run this time-; they wore surrounded ; tiley were paraliscd and could not move. Their position and thu true state of affairs-soon burst upon thom when they heard a human vWcoleall out"stiek in your peg Mick" and Mick's answer' "its bravick." The Seventy- threes were- upon thoth, had been lhere for some time, to they say. and so ?iola a. march, on the Brandys. However, tho Brandys pegged Out the ground aud duly posted notices of intention ta» apply; for a gold ntining lease, and they say thc Soveuty threes pegged out tho ground before 12 midnight. ?bother party took possession of the ground later in tho day, thus uiakinr four parties whe have talton possession, hut- we suppose) the fourth party aro nowhere. The warden will' receive instructions from thc Idilios Department' to hear the evidence'-of all thc applicants, and-Lo' send the evidence in full to " thin departmout." Theil ROI'UO of. the officials, and, yerhap.«, a Minister or two, wIUsit¡ii ïdleniu private conclave, and decide who of'nil these applicants ave legally entitled to the ground. We kmWwlioare morally cul ¡tied to it-tho origiunl lessees are., Butmorulity and thc present Minim* Ant do not- rim in thc- same groove. If nono of thc officials or Ministers who decide-this case have any interest in the matter, from Our, past experieucc wo should say that thc Minister will be advised to refuse all the upplications.as the most equitable plan of dooling with thc matter. Then there will be some more braudys aud seventy-threes at work, while the advantage.: to thci country aud thc miniug industry is» of course, unquestionable. What a great, mid glo rious blessing it is to the country, and particularly thc Siujng.nopnlation that wc have such a niastrr spirit to uko-wining laws, leasing systems, kc. Mav the mapieal wand of his powerful intellect and advauml civilisation long antelope na in its paternal folds. Bray he long continue to wallow in tho ambrosial nectar of Australian politics at tho expense of a couöding and affectionate people. Blay your shadow never grow loss. For by the Loni Harry, if it were not for you, we would all di» of chronic hypochondria. Tenders are accepted for the erection of a public school and bridges over tho Barrington and Gloucester rivers ! and wo do not know what is to become of the hospital oom miltco, or what has become of thew, I do not think they know themselves. Wo are thankful to all who have hoi ped us to improvo our ways, and hope tUty will continue to help us to make headway, for we mean to tia rel not at 1 bullock dray speed. Our next effort will bo to try and smash the leasing system or the Uovernnient. Excelsior I 