I ' OUR BRISBANE LETTER. i I -O BRISBANE, SEPT. 6. The floods of last week began to subside just in that nick of time which so often interposes between the promise and realisation of a dreaded result, driving home to the hearts of every one the old old lesson that in this world, as a rule, things are not so bad as they might be. Not that those floods, however, were harmless. The country farmers only yesterday began to put in an appearance in Brisbane, even then very travel-stained, and full of dolorous complaints of quagmire and broken roads. Had the Brisbane river been what it was ten years ago things would have been much worse than they were. The good effects of the dredging in the lower reaches, and the removal of obstructions above Oxley, were apparent in the comparative immunity most people enjoyed from other than superficial damage. On the low lands where residents, in their land hunger, have secured small allotments against their better judgment, numbers of cottages were under water to the eaves, but we have heard of no loss of human life. During Saturday, nevertheless, carcases and lumber came whirling down the river, making the ferry crossing a business of adventure which the timid I did not care to face. A fine set of baths, that have existed for some time in South Brisbane, disappeared during Friday night. It seems that they floated bodily down to the mouth of the river, where they grounded, and yesterday bodily they were towed back by a powerful tug. It is strange that a wooden building as big as a church, should have passed by the shipping, wharfs, and buoys without collision, and that it should have held together upon the voyage. During the same night, the JabboM'oek, auxiliary steamer, managed to ground at the top of the highest water we have known for years, and all the efforts made during the present week to get her off have been in vain. Since Saturday there has been no rain, but yesterday was very muggy and cloudy, and to-day the weather is again threatening. A very remarkable joke was perpetrated on Saturday by Mr. Meston, the member for Rosewood. This young gentleman entered the House at the beginning of the present year, and has already made a figure there. He has a prodigious memory, and is steeped to the lips in classic history. He has a very fluent style of speech, and his matter generally takes the form of cleverly turned sentences and rhetoric which is nothing if not flowers. When he rises to speak you may be sure that before long I will be telling the House something about Confucius or Plato, or quoting Cicero, or turning a strong light from the lantern of profane history upon the mundane things of the present. It is a point in his favour that he does not speak often, and a natural consequence, that he is listened to when he does claim the car of the House. His famous joke, therefore, was likely to take direct ! effect. It appeared as a letter in the evening paper, the concluding sentence of which was the statement that, for himself, he would cheerfully shoot Every China- man in Queensland, and not feel a pang of re- more afterwards. This was startling. It was talked about everywhere as a serious business, for serious enough it certainly seemed to be. The paper which published the letter took it up as such, and read the author a severe lecture. So, upon the meeting of the Assembly on Monday, Mr. Meston drew attention to the leading article, which had classed him with Charles IX., the Medici, and other historical assassins, and informed the House that his statement anent the Chinese was a pure joke. The statement gave rise to considerable amusement, which the hon. gentleman appeared to enjoy as much as any one. He says that for the future he will preface his jokes with, an explanatory note. The brilliant operatic criticisms which some of us have been reading in the Sydney Morning Herald have made our mouths water-made us envy the people of Sydney, who, in the matter of amusements, have been for some time now in luxuriant clover. It has been painful and humiliating to turn from your descriptions of opera and drama to the meagre fare with 'which. we have to be content. In public amusements we still live in a state of beggary. The support accorded to the miscellaneous entertainers who visit Brisbane is such as to induce wonder that any ever, come here. The Carandinis were here a short time since, and they are old favourites, but they were very poorly supported. Baldwin, the professor, did better, for he was clever enough to get himself splendidly puffed in the Press-one paper sending a couple of gentlemen to interview him, and publishing long narratives of what they saw and did. Sorry business has been done at the "theatre ; " some subscription concerts where the music has been very good have not drawn half the audiences received by the common tricks of the mystery men. With respect to Joey Gougenheim tI was not far wrong three weeks ago. The Dramatic Company had a short and not lively season at the ?" theatre." Pastor Chiniquy continued his starring tour somewhere north ; but he is in the southern dis- ' trict again, and simultaneously with his re-appearance comes the announcement that Mrs. Constable is to lecture in reply to him. -says? " s i i -,i:_i" ".":_, In Parliament, business has been proceertingly swimmingly and the Government are inflexible in their determination to make progress. On Monday a number of small measures were piloted through, and on Tuesday and Wednesday, by dint of sitting into the small hours of the morning, the Loan Bill was passed through all its stages, and the formidable Divisional Boards Bill pushed through committee. The Opposi- tion raised final protests as a matter of principle to the Loan Bill, but there was not the ghost of a chance of hindering its passage to the Upper House. We are therefore fairly committed to the three million loan, and must make the best of it, hoping that it will be floated, in such instalments as the Government may think necessary, at a good figure in the London market. The Premier, who had charge of the Dive sional Boards Bill, with its eight-and-serenty clause", probably never dreamt in his most sanguine moments that it would be disposed of in a couple of of nights ; indeed, there seemed to be considerable doubt whether it would pass at all. Numbers of petitions had been sent in from the settled districts adverse to the measure and the Press, representing the larger centres of population had not appeared greatly enamoured of it. The Premier, however, maintained that this adverse opinion was the result of sheer ignorance ; which ignorance was carried, in most cases, by wilful party misrepresentation, and by the prejudiced opinions of those who had never taken, the trouble to inquire into the provisions of the Act. He gave one instance of what took place at a public meeting, which certainly showed a most ludicrous misapprehension of' one of the salient reforms which the measure proposes to initiate. The Premier's hand was strengthened to some extent by the fact that he had reduced the rating clause from eight to five per I cent, in deference to the opinions of those who objected to the bill. upon this, as upon all other measures they have introduced during the session, the Government took a firm stand, defending their position boldly, and giving it clearly to be understood that if country people are not prepared to tax themselves in moderation for their own roads and other public ivories, they must go without (them. The Opposition adversely criticised some of the clauses, and declared that the Act would never work ; but as the Premier had pro- period a long schedule of amendments, embodying some of the hinterland criticisms uttered on the second reading, he saw his way to proceed without wavering. On Tuesday The House sat till 2 o'clock in the morning, and on Wednesday till 1 o'clock. About midnight the Opposition finding that their advice was not taken, and that the Government would not bridge half an inch, walked out of the House in a body, and the remaining clauses were passed through us rapidly as the forms of the House would permit. Had the Government chosen, under the circumstances to have sat on, they might easily have got through the rest of their Estimates, and any other business that they cared to transact. The neck of the session may now emphatically be said to be broken, and although it will be scarcely possible for the House to be prorogued before the opening of the Sydney Exhibition, it is generally understood that the session will be over in three weeks from the present date. One of the minor measures considered on Monday night in committee was the Pearlshell and Beche-de-mer Fishery Bill, a bill which will not pass without some further discussion, although it does not select a Queensland so much as a New South Wales and Victorian industry. CChQ.leDidçir of the Opposition on the first clause referred to two important petitions sent up i from Sydney, stating that if the bill became law it would ruin the trade. He still warned the Government that they had only a limited right to regu- late these fisheries, a great many of which were outside of Queensland waters; and he also expressed a doubt whether the Imperial Government would allow the bill to be put into force. One of the petitions objected to the interpretation of the word "boat." Mr. Griffith pointed out that unless the clause upon that subject were altered, boats that were engaged in conveying wood and water would be taxed as it they were actually engaged in the fishery. | The Colonial Secretary referring to the petitions, said I sturdily that the object of the bill was to protect-not people of New South Wales, who for a great number of ! years had been drawing a great revenue from our waters and contributing nothing to the revenue in return, but the fisheries of our own colony in other words, to secure for Queensland what she should have had years ago, viz., a revenue from the pearlshell and beche-de-mer fisheries. The ex-Colonial Treasurer (Mr. Dickson), like the leader of the Opposition, contended that the bill would abolish the fishery, or very materially curtail it. Mr. Palmer gave some interesting statistics as to the revenue derived from those fisheries. It seems from these that there are 10-1 vessels fishing in Torres Straits, viz., 19 tenders, 61 vessels with diving apparatus, and 24 with swimming apparatus. During the last two years the value of the live shell taken has amounted to 211 2,82 and as it was estimated that the capital invested in the fisheries was £35,000, it is open to suspicion that somebody reaps a dividend. 