New Zealand. [from our own correspondent.] Wellington, May 13. Sir George Grey and Mr. Sheehan have retired from the native meeting. Sir George stated that, as they had not accepted his proposal for pensions and grants of land to the Kingites, he would make no further proposals, but he is willing to receive any proposals from the King. To-Day the Courier takes a new departure, 1 being issued as an eight- page,'¡taper instead of of four or six pages, as hitherto. "To accomplish -,. this an innovation in our method of advertising was necessary, and we trust that those of our constituents who have assisted the expansion of our pages will proportionctely-piofib by their enterprise. A notice appears over the leading article setting out the advantages to be derived by advertisers from the alteration; a perusal of which may interest our business (friends. Until further notice the Courier will contain eight pages on Wednesday and Saturday of each week. The Observer is marking its new departure as a daily journal by various eccentricities, and Amongst other things is particular'-!' violent and abusive of the Brisbane Press. ' Jiscopt for the creditor the fourth estate,".we-.do not complain. dC the sudden access of ill i temper from -which the Observer at present-aufEeic. It declares i itself the especial organ of the "working men" of Ipswich, and apparently thinks that its best way to establish itself in that, capacity is to try i tor sector the Ministry and billingsgate r those journals that do not see through its iBewly.boisght spectacles. If it cac- oxcccasfully \Woq itstwauld-be constituents in this way, that a to, a matter which gives us no concern, and only affects ithafCôser»«' and its supporters. But it äRQuldinobÄ? right of us to permit the following inasigraph ia go unchallenged, which contains an utterly falserSmputation on a gentleman who, in bÍE)trreaentj,po3Ítior), as to some extent, precluded frejc.noticißgr't, or probably would consider it i e stAh able to do so. It is as follows : 'vQuifllt T»ie.-Saturday's Courier contains a paragrqphifratciits Rockhampton correspondent reflecting on. tiietObserver and in references our articles agent scale dismissals. We should feel obliged if oiiToCOjiiemporary would explain allow the owner got to Rockhampton and the cor- respondence 'bank to Brisbane in such a short space of rice, as we cannot see how two days could suffice for the mail transit. It seems a pity that a member of the Ministry should write from BSstckhampton in his Brisbane office-, and 276 hope that such anachronisms will not, occur in future." It, need hardly be said that the legend is that the Postmaster-General ' ; wrote the paragraph in which the Observer is ] , referred to, or had something to do with its being written. Ihatos absolutely untrue. The paragraph was extracted, as of special interest just now, from our correspondent's letter, and "Was Britten in Rockhampton. ffpE Legislative Council met at twenty minutes past o'clock yesterday afternoon. The Best Years congratulated the new President on his içipointrcont, and the formal business incidental to th»;CUsltmeeting of the seisian-r-notices of motion for the appointment of sessional committees, &0\. was transacted. The Address in reply to the Governor's Speech having been moved by the Hon. W.jSf. Box, and seconded by the hon. F. H. Haiti, (the debate was adjourned until 4 o'clock this afternoon, and the House rose shortly a after o'clock. The Council will meet again this Afternoon 4 o'clock, and will probably do' no other business than vote the Address in reply to the Governor's Speech. The Assembly will continue the debate on the Speech, and will most probably finish to-night, and adjourn to Tuesday next-not, of course, for the Toowoomba Races. The impossibility of placing everybody is a proposition which even the most enterprising caterer for the public will not dispute. The selection of the horn Joshua Peter Bell as President of the Upper House affords, apparently, a proof of its truth. To the colonists generally, including members of both Houses, the appointment gives much satisfaction, but it is rumored that at least three members of the Legislative Council, while friendly to the hon. gentleman per locally, do not by any means approve of the son of the Government in his behalf. That is to say, that they think the Council itself contained three most eligible candidates for thetJignityftnd its emoluments. We heard this rumor' some weeks ago, even before the place was actCmuy vacant ; but did not think it fit subject for notice. It has lately been supplemented by a report that the dissatisfied gentlemen intended to make the Government painfully sensible of the mistake they had made, and would do so by causing the hon. the Postmaster General to feel that his position in the Upper House involved exposure to an amount of worrying that would make him regret his share in the selection of the new President. We hoped that a feeling of self-respect, or, failing that a perception of how easily the motive of such conduct could be discerned, would have prevented recourse to action so unwise and indefensible. But many persons will think that part of yesterday's proceedings in that Chamber, which resulted in adjournment of the debate without passing the Ad<i7eB8 in reply, be tokens an intention to resort to such silly exhibitions of disappointment and irritation. It will of course be possible to annoy and to place in an awkward dilemma a new member of the Council, as the Postmaster-General is, for some time, if that be what is aimed at, but we very much mistake if that gentleman does not very soon master the situation and prove that he is well able to take his own part. As for the Government being in any way embarrassed by such tactics, not only is the idea absurd, but it would be for them quite a fortunate circumstance to receive opposition from the quarter indicated. It has long been our taunt that the behavior of our legislators compares very favorably with that of members of the southern Assemblies, and yet we would hardly venture to urge any such revolutionary measure of reform as would compel every member of our Assembly to invariably behave as a gentleman when in the House. But we think it would not be too much to expect that every member should be sufficiently sober to be accountable for his actions. Yesterday afternoon a member on the Opposition cross-benches was in such a state of intoxication as to annoy the House for a considerable length of time by taproom shouts and drunken incoherent ejaculations The Constitution seems hardly to have contemplated this particular sort of nuisance, and the House has consequently to put up with forms of indecency that would command instant ejection from any place of public entertainment. Yesterday members exhibited considerable Patience, and the individual referred to was tolerated till the member for Carnarvon adroitly induced him to leave, but the "representative" in question entered the Chamber at a later hour of intervening in much the same condition. In the event of a repetition of so disgraceful an exhibition ye trust the leaders of both sides will take the steps necessary to bring such conduct under the tree of the House, and to prevent its deliberations being interrupted and its dignity graded by any individual who shows himself to be so unworthy to share in either. Bishop HALBviministered the rite of confirmation on Sunday naming it to twenty four young persons in St. Thomas' Church, South Brisbane, an delivered impressive addresses to both the delegation and candidates. Utan Sydney "Exhibition Commission evidently mean business. In another column we publish an invitation to marine assurance offices to furnish quotations for the insurance of exhibits between the Queensland ports and Sydney. teams the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning, the weather was fine throughout the colony, with a prevalence of westerly winds. The report from Stanthorpe states that the weather there was "frosty," while Cunnamulla describes it as "'cold." These appear to be the only stations where anything late frost was experienced. All the New South Wales stations ondMelbournereport'fine weather, but it was shown at Adelaide. The afternoon reports to hand show a general continuance of fine weather in this colony. Alf impression seems to have gained ground in Brisbane, and even to have travelled to the southern colonies, calculated to do some injury to an institution in which many of our readers take a lively interest the Children's Hospital. It is that the hospital, while abundantly supported, has-really-had since its foundation but little or nothing to do. We are sorry to say that facts do not warrant either of these ideas. It took some time to bring under the observation of indigent people having children in need of medical assistance and care the fact that there existed an institution prepared to afford these, but since that became generally known there have been numerous claims on its benevolence, which are still increasing. We regret that the resources at the disposal of the committee do not increase in the same proportion, but, on the contrary, have so much fallen off that it has been found necessary to seriously contract its power for usefulness. The following information on this point has been kindly placed at our disposal, and is entirely reliable :-"As recommended at the meeting of subscribers a short time ago, the committee of the Children's Hospital have bought a suitable cottage in Warren-street, Valley, which they expect to occupy at the end of next month ; and this, with other changes, it is hoped will greatly reduce the expenses. It is to be regretted that the income of the Children's Hospital will not admit of its being carried on in the present large building. All the beds numbering fifteen having been full for some time, it is only apparently within the last few months that the benefits of the institution have become fully known and appreciated. In the new premises there will be room for only eight beds. The committee must work within their means, and according to the support they receive from the public. Should that support be as small in the coming year as it was in the last, it is feared the hospital must be closed. It is proposed to hold the usual annual tuU in aid of the hospital during next month." Lovers of good music will be glad to learn that arrangements have been made for a concert to be given by Madame Carandini, the Misses Carandini, Mr. Walter Sherwin, and the other members of the Carandini company, at the Queensland Theatre on Friday next. These artistes are so well known that it is needless to say anything in their favor. Those who attend the concert will be busy to get a treat, and we feel assured that the theatre will be crowded on Friday night. " Carlton's Ghost " was fairly well attended at the School of Arts last evening. The entertainment, as usual, was received with favor, and passed off without a bitch, as everything connected with the mechanical portion of it now works smoothly. The entertainment will be repeated to-night. THosE exceedingly clever skaters, Lillie and Professor Taylor, gave a second exhibition of their skill in the Town Hall last night. Both performers are undoubtedly skilful and graceful "ringlets," Lillie's movements especially being very pretty; and all present last night spoke family in their praise. After the usual entertainment given by them, amateurs were again allowed to amuse themselves on wheels, and a large number availed themselves of the opportunity afforded them. The race for the medal Was hotly contested, eventually again falling Í" says wife of Mr Mark -Davis. Many admin.".''8 of these Powers will be sorry to learn that tMt entertainments will through no fault of theirselves to be suspended for a short time. They had, we are informed, engaged the hall for a week, and made their arrangements accordingly; but last evening they received a letter from the agents who have the letting of the hall stating that the floor was being damaged by skating upon it, and requesting that the performances be stopped. In consequence of this, Lillie and Professor Taylor will not appear again in the Town Hall, but, we believe, will shortly reopen in a more suitable building. There is, we understand, every probability that Brisbane skaters will be afforded the advantage of the presence of these two performers in the city throughout the winter months, The Criminal Sittings were resumed and I brought to a conclusion yesterday. Leopold Halistain and Henry Charles Cosier, who had pleaded guilty on the previous day to separate charges of obtaining money under false pretences, were sentenced, the former to nine and the latter to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. George Edmonds was found guilty of uttering a forged cheque for £10, purporting to have been drawn by the hon. J. P. Bell, upon the Australian Joint Stock Bank, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labor. Frederick Hearn, charged with committing an unnatural offence, was acquitted. This concluded the cases set down for trial at the sittings. In the cases against Henry Francis Donaldson, charged with forgery and uttering, and James William Dowling, committed on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, no true bills were found. The New Zealand Herald publishes the following telegram from its Wellington correspondent, dated April 28 :-" It seems generally understood that the Government will next session propose a new public works loan of four millions, and home advices are hopeful of the probability of placing it successfully in the market after September next." A very curious will, made by an American actor, is thus referred to in the World : " Talk of theatrical properties and stage effects, the Walnut-street Theatre in Philadelphia bids fair to defy all competition. Mr. John Reed, who has served there fifty-four years as captain of supers without missing a single performance has made his will to the following effect :-' My head shall be severed from my body, and my body shall be placed in a vault ; but the head shall be brought to the "Walnut-street Theatre, there to be used as the skull in Hamlet, and I do bequeath my head to the said Walnut-street Theatre for that purpose. The reasons which he gives for this extraordinary bequest are, 'Well, I love the theatre and when the bad Hamlets come round I'll prompt them in the grave scene. But, seriously, I want my head to stay on this stage, where it has, with my hands, done service for over half a century.' " A m EWING of the Board of Trustees took place at the museum on Monday afternoon to consider the question of furniture for the new museum, now almost completed. £2000 was voted by the late Parliament for this purpose 5 but the trustees, contemplating taking possession of one door only for the present, proposed expending merely so much of this vote as would supply suitable show- cases for so much of the building. The Colonial Architect had completed two specimen cases which met the approval of the trustees, and an estimate was submitted to them showing the requisite number could be completed at a total cost of £860. The trustees, after authorising the Colonial Architect to finish the cases at this sum, heard that the work was not being proceeded with, and, on enquiring of the Minister for Works as to the truth of this, were informed that some cases were coming from the Paris Exhibition which it was hoped might save the necessity of making new ones. As it is known that these cases are pledged to the National Association to go to the Sydney Exhibition and then probably to Melbourne, the board considered this amounted practically to a resolve on the part of the Minister not to open the new museum, now just finished, for a considerable time, and the secretary to the board was instructed to write expressing the trustees' regret at the sudden interruption of the work, and to urge that as the sum proposed to be expended was only a portion of the vote and intended only to furnish one floor, the availability of the cases from Paris, which at all events would be entirely insufficient, could be left an open question. It certainly appears to us that when the new museum is finished it will be a very foolish thing to keep it closed simply from a desire to save the expense of furnishing it. The trustees seem to have been guided by a very laudable spirit of economy in proposing only to expend £856 out of the £2000 voted, and it appears too absurd that the building should be kept closed till these other cases, having completed their service at the southern exhibitions, are ready for the reception of the museum collections two years hence. We can hardly think such a piece of folly is in serious contemplation, and that the ship, having been built, is to remain unseaworthy for so trifling an expenditure in tar. ' it is stated moreover, that £300 worth of the work had already been effected, and only required putting together. We are entirely in favor of economy, but it may be pushed to an unwise extreme, and in this case we think that is being done. The Victorian Exhibition Commissioners' conception of the work they have taken in hand is on a scale of grandeur and costliness that is exciting amazement not unmixed with alarm even in " The Empire colony," where they are accustomed to big schemes. The Argus says : " The estimates of expenditure adopted by the Exhibition-buildings Committee at its last meeting, and brought under the notice of the commissioners on Tuesday, will, we imagine, somewhat astonish the public. Of course, no one expected that such an undertaking would be carried out for anything like the £100,000, or thereabouts, at first spoken of, but those who were sanguine did hope that about double the sum would see us well through the business. However, it is evident we were all reckoning without our hosts. The contract for the main building, including the substitution of brick for wood in the dome, amounts to over £75,000, and this, with the inevitable extras, including the cost of the new palisading round the gardens, laying out and planting the grounds, Ac, will assuredly be increased to £100,000. The further estimate submitted by the committee amounts to £130,552, and may safely be put down at £150,000. This makes a quarter of a million to begin with. The working expenses will necessarily be very heavy, but as a considerable portion will be provided by the charge for admission, we do not include anything for them. If the Prince of Wales should honor the exhibition with a visit we imagine that the official expense of his reception and entertainment will considerably increase the bill. But while we are not averse to a liberal outlay, now that the undertaking has been determined on and must be carried through, where we would ask ris the money to come from This extra drain upon the public purse, when the revenue is not nearly realising the Treasurer's expectations, as a serious matter. It means, of course, either additional taxation at an early date, or a serious curtailment of public works. The country, in a fit of madness, set Mr. Berry and his colleagues dancing for its amusement on the famous 11th May, and what it has to do know is to pay the piper." One or two inaccuracies occur in the notice published in yesterday's Courier of the new A.M.P. buildings. The upper floor is not untenanted being in the occupation of Messrs. Hart and Flower, solicitors. The number of clerks employed in the A.M.P. office is at present four, though there is accommodation for several a.-. when required. We make these correct OtUii... a tions at the request Í"- vue secretary. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before the police- magistrate and Messrs. J. H. Wheelwright and T. Illidge, JJ.P., a verdict for the plaintiffs for amount claimed, with costs, was given in the undefended case of Tutty and Finney v. F. H. Warner, claim £5 9s. 4d. for goods sold ; a similar judgment was given in the defended case of Jacob Poole v. George Harris, in which the plaintiff claimed £8 4s.. which he alleged was half the cost of the dividing fence between his farm and the defendant's. The evidence went to show that the plaintiff gave the defendant due notice to erect part of the fence, but as he did not undertake the work, plaintiff erected the whole of the fence ; he therefore claimed half the price. The defendant contended that he had a claim on the property, and had given due notice of this through the newspaper before the plaintiff purchased it, and therefore disputed the plaintiff's claim, Mr. Thynne appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Rutledge, in. structed by Macalister and Mein, for the defendant. The bench ruled that defendant should have given notice of his claim to the plaintiff personally, and therefore gave a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, with costs of court and professional costs. At the City Police Court yesterday, before the police-magistrate, one drunkard was discharged ; Jean Tallerre, charged with larceny, was remanded till to- morrow (Thursday), after the evidence of the arresting constable had been taken and Rosa Humphries, alias Robins, alias Mathers, charged with bigamy, was also remanded till to 