Ifte "tEraMla SOUTH AUSTRALIANS NOTES IN ENGLAND. SUNDAY IN LONDON. An almost depressing stillness and silence seems to have fallen over the great City as one goes oat into the streets of London early on a Sunday morning. There are scarcely any vehicles to be seen, and but few foot passengers; the Strand is a long paved desert with one empty omnibus rattling dismally over the stones; the few cabmen who are slowly prowling about in search of a fare look as if they are conscious that they are Sabbath-breakers, and that the eagle eye of the solitary policeman at the corner is upon them. After the excitement of yesterday, the shouting and noise and glare of the gas-lights of the Strand on a Saturday night, especially the boat-race night, the quiet of Palm Sunday morning is very noticeable. The dustmen in the streets are carting away fragments of dark and light-blue ribbon, the placards and posters advertising " seats to view the race" are already half torn down, and only the cries of the newspaper boys selling " Observers" and " Sunday Times," with ' full accounts of the Boat-race," recall to ns the great event of the previous day. We seem quite lost without the one absorbing topic of conversation to fall back on ; it hardly appears right to go down to breakfast in the hotel without hearing on all sides such ques tions as—" What's the betting to-day ? Are you going down to Putney P What time will the crews go out ?" But the bells are ringing out lustily and noisily to show all the world that they and the churches are still in the same place, .and as if they feared lest people would not go to warship unless they deafened and overpowered them by their noisy summons. Already a few straggling groups in sober Sabbath clothing, with prayer books and hymn-books in their hands; are pacing slowly through the streets, stepping churchwards. There is no lack of religious ex citement for people so inclined on this Sunday. The London papers in their evening editions on Saturday nights print side by side with the theatrical and music-hall notices a short list of preachers in the principal churches on the follow ing day, and those In search of an " awakener" can choose one for themselves. I am curious to visit one of the advanced Ritualistic Churches, and, shepherded by my friend of yesterday, get into a cab and rattle away over the stones of St. Martin's-lane. My companion, strange to say (for he is of an age which in South Aus tralia chiefly amuses itself on Sunday by smoking, ridiug, or driving), evidently looks upon church-going once at least on Sunday as quite the proper and usual thing to do, and even seems anxious to get there in good time, for he tells me we had better hurry away, as the church is always full, and to-day it will be more crammed than usual. This is something new to me, and 1 take the opportunity to inform my companion that Adelaide is such a virtuous city and its inhabitants all so extremely good (or apathetic) that churches are not as a rule by any means filled. There is a little more traffic in St. Mutiufrlane than I have so far seen this Sunday morning, and as we drive along and turn into some of the by lanes, the whole place seems to be fairly awake, and indeed holding high holiday. The public houses are closed until 1 o'clock, but many of the inhabitants have evidently laid in stocks of refreshment, for they are sitting at their doors —both males and females —in the lightest and dirtiest of morning cestnmes, imbibing comfort from cracked handleless jugs or big battered pewter pots. The place swarms with birds and dogs, and reeks f filth and bad tobacco smoke. Cages crowded with every description of song birds hang in the dusty, dirty windows; pens of prize fowls are standing on the pavement, blocking up the way; the British bulldog, blear eyed and ferocious, is tied and chained to every doorway; whilst the owners of the animals descant on their merits, or try and sell them, their loud voices pollnting the air with blasphemy and ribaldry. Dirty children are fighting, playing, and yelling in the gutters, only just escaping destruction as we drive past them, far the street is narrow and our cabman in a hurry. Every now and then comes the sound of a loud canine concert from the cellars and areas, in which I fancy Z can recognise the deep baying of the hound, the sharp yapping of the terrier, the whine and bowl of the poor prisoned pet dog, and the sulky growls and deep-chested rumblings of the bull dogs and mastiffs. The inhabitants of the place are a villainous-looking set. Of the women the less said the better. Poor wretches! they are either as bold and brazen-faced as the men, or they have a miserable, sneaking, frightened look like their fellow-sufferers, the kicked and beaten dogs. The men are mostly of that low, half-gipsy, whole-blackguard type which fortu nately is not common with us Australians. They generally affect either a light ueglig4, consisting of a pair of old trousers and a dirty shirt, or they are in full dress, which is made up of a battered white hat, a scarlet or yellow neckcloth big enough to hide the absence of collar and shirt, velveteen coat, and tight trousers with gaiters. They have a short black pipe or a straw in their months, which they remove at intervals in order to expectorate or to cnrse; this they require to do about five times a minute. Their black locks are either plastered dose to their heads or dangle in short oily ringlets by their brown, dirty cheeks. A cut- throat-looking lot they certainly are, and I wonder in what part of London we are driving till we come oat upon an open space where several roads meet, each road apparently ter minating in a public-house, and a tin plate fastened on to one of the houses with the name "Seven Dials" painted on it satisfies my curiosity. Bat now we merge into a less noisy and more respectable neighbourhood. The streets are full j of people, washed and clothed in their Sunday j best, though they evidently belong to the. work- I ing or .the small shopkeeper class. A.few car- j riages, too, are rattling along the stone-paved streets of Holborn. They keep in front of us for a little, and then turn sharply down into a long dirty street, at the end of which they stop, their occupants alight, and enter a narrow alley. Over the tops of the dingy narrow houses rises a red brick building with a slate roof. This is the church. As there appears to be no carriage road up to the door we leave our cab at the bottom of the street, and after twisting and turning through two or three dark alleys come out at the entrance to one of the best known High Churches in London. - We fairly push our way through the doors and get a standing-place at the bach of the building, which is crammed to suffocation. The aisles are blocked up with rows of chairs, between which many people are standing, and there is no possibility of getting^ seat any where. A tall ascetiolooking figure, in a long cassock and short embroidered surplice,, with a hiretta on his head, is reading ,tlie lessons-arid the crowded audience is listening with- a. deep attention to the fine voice of the priest. The ehnrch is ofredbrick, with a lofty cedar roof, several pictures hang bom the "walls, and the whole building, but especially the chancel, is decorated with flowers and palms. A lamp burns before the altar, there is ah odour of in cense ih the place, and the light from the painted windows falls soft and subdued on the large congregation, who are divided into two parte, the men sitting on one side of the aisles and the women on the other. Altogether it is an impressive scene, for both priest and people are evidently in earnest, and it is hard to imagine as one looks ground on the faces and dresses of many of the worshippers that we are in one of the poorest and lowest parte of London, close to the Italian quarter with its swarms of beggars and organ-grinders. Fart of the con gregation certainly is composed of very poor people, but the greater number are well dressed, and evidently come from a more fashionable neighbourhood than thin, r ,i e, streets, were beginning to get pretty full when we left the church and moved back to the hotel, but still all through the day the greater part of London was evidently carry ing out the favourite ma-rim 0f a eminent statesman—" rest and be thankful." It was too early in the year for much outside amusement. ^ There were no cheap excursion trains running to Brighton or other seaside places, nor boats going down the river to Graves end and Greenwich, or up to Bichmond and Hampton. A good many people were walking in Kensington Gardens and the Park, but I did not see a single horseman in the Bow, and not a dozen good private carriages in the drive. ■ The greater part of the respectable world was evidently resting itself, and extended the privilege to its horses and servants. I was struck during my stay in England to notice the very general feeling of respect for the seventh day that prevailed throughout the land. After a stroll under the fine old trees in the gardens and the park we crossed Piccadilly by the arch which bears the Duke of Wel lington's statue on its summit, and walked through the Green Park past Buckingham Palace to Westminster. The sentinels were pacing up and down before the great ugly build ing, but the place was empty—indeed, it must always have a deserted uninhabited look like a drawing-room never lived in, but only set apart for the reception of guests. We were now in a military neighbourhood, for the long white washed building by the side of the park is in habited by two battalions of Foot Guards, and more are at the Chelsea Barracks not far away, i Many of the warriors are airing themselves in the parks with their sweethearts or wives on their arms, and their red coats throw a little warmth and colour into the otherwise rather dull scene. At the end of the park we come into Great George-street, the home of architects and civil engineers, and round the corner are the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey. Any description of the " loveliest and most lovable thing in Christendom" would be unnecessary after the glowing word- painting of the lecturer who some time ago left Ade laide, and whose descriptions I presume nearly all my readers have heard and been charmed with. The inside of the old building was full that afternoon, and as the days were short and dull a few candles scattered here and there through the vast space cast a "dim religious light" on the surplices of the choristers and priests and on the brass cross on the altar, but the greater part of the Abbey was in darkness. Service was just over, and the organ pealing forth tilled the grand old pile with melody for a few minutes. Then the sounds died away, the congregation dispersed, and the place was left in silence and dark Eess to the ghosts of the dead who lie buried there. "From Olympus to Hades." It is but a step across the street to the door of a long, rather low red brick building, into which a gaily dressed crowd is passing. The Westminster Aquarium is quite a fashionable Sunday resort, for the Zoological Gardens have long gone out of favour. The crowd inspecting the fish in the tanks, or the pictures in the galleries, or strolling list lessly through the rooms is a well-dressed one, in fact an over-dressed one. A good many of the women evidently belong to the demi-monde, and the men have the Stock Exchange or Mincing-lane stamp on them. I find that it is not very^ exciting to wander up and down the building, and as dinner-time is drawing near Z soon find my way out into the streets again. London seems to be waking up now; her twenty four home of enforced quiet and rest are draw ing to a close. The lights in the public-houses and restaurants are peeping out through the chinks in the shutters, and in a few mutates their doors will be thrown open once more. The streets, too, are rapidly filling, though many of the people moving along them are bound to church. But I had been enough out of doors, although there is a monster meeting in Exeter Hall and another in St. George's Hall, Langham-place, under the auspices of the Sunday League, where recitations from secular writers and clasical music are to be given. It appears that there is a decided tendency in liicdon to relax the somewhat stern laws and regulations which prevail about the closing of all places of amusement and instruction on Sunday. The museums are one by one unbarring their doors, and efforts are being made to have the reading-rooms and picture- galleries also thrown open. This is much to be desired, for the poorer classes seem to have no other means of passing the day away save the public-house, round the doors of which they bang till the hour comes when they can get inside and enjoy the light and warmth. The houses of the very poor are not at any time attractive to their owners, and the early spring is too cold and damp io tempt them to try a cheap excursion into the country either by road or rail. Some few pleasure-seekers have evi dently been for a trip into the green fields, but they look terribly cold and miserable as they emerge from the railway station and hurry across to the nearest public-honse, whose windows are biasing with light,and where a Buug back parlour with a fire can he bad. Sunday mutt be bat a dismal day for the London poor. No doubt they are glad of a rest, but that rest means enforced idleness; and the entire absence of any agreeable and useful means of occnpying their minds or their bodies often costs them dear, for they naturally turn to the only bright spot in their neighbourhood—the pnblic-faonse— for amusement, and employers of labour complain bitterly of the small amount of work they can get done on Mondays after the Sunday's holiday. The rich and middle classes, who have comfortable homes and plenty of books, need not go away for rest and healthful amusement, but when the weather is dull and cold—and it is so eight i months out of the twelve in England— and unfitted for outdoor exercise, the working man and the stranger in London are apt to get rather wearied by the end of Sunday, and are glad when Monday with its work and cares and amusements comes round once again. 