THE NEWEST FQRTRAIT OF PRINCE o BISMARCK. \- ; ( SPECTATOR. " / \- It is difficult to doubt that tho new pen- and-ink 'portrait of Prince Bismarck, just issued- by his Secretary and Boswell, Dr. Bnsch, : has been published with a purpose. It was stated when it first appeared tbnt the proofs bad bfcen read arid approved by' the German Chancellor, and though in con sequence of the irritation which the book has created this .-is now faintly denied/ no- one who. knows Germany, or the Prince, or Dr. Bnsch affects to 'doubt that he acted with the- full consent of his imperious oliief. No record of Prince Bismarck's table-talk could' bo published in Germany without -Prince Bismarckls full . consent. The portrait is a portrait which Prince Bismarck is at least willing should go forward- to the world as np or traito f'h im self, . and' wh at a portrait it is ! In it, Prince Bismarck, always de scribed as „ a- great, though roiigh-hewn statesman, full, may Be, of sardonic hnmor, roughnesses and-, violences/but full also of knowledge, adroitness . and humor, rpaiuts himself .in his .own after-dinner talk, as au fond, a cross between .Dr. JohnBon and a German reiter, a buge rather than great individual, fall of thirBt for beer, strong- headed to bear any amount of liqnor, a great eater, especially of fish, hard to cruelty with a hardness of which he is proud, superstitious as a Neapolitan peasant or an old Pagan, a believer in eortcs Bibliana, sure of his faith, but without an atom of Christianity about him ; an utter contemner of all men but himself, rivals, enemies and subordinates alike ; and perfectly choked with pre judices, principally direoted against entire nations. He has forgotten bis Greek, he says, and despises it. It wonld bo as good training for the mind, and more useful, to learn Russian ! He is proud of having beaten three topers in a drinking boat, and of having drunk one day so deeply at the Palace that the King oommanded him not to drink any more. He declares himself Abso lutist by conviction, rational absolutism being the only sensible form of government, and regrets that the pure Absolutists should now be so few. He describes Count von der Goltz, his own ambassador to France, as a verbose fribble, really governed by an im aginary passion for the Empress Eugenie ; Count Harry von Arnim as utterly un trustworthy ; and tho ladies of the Imperial House as women who were always interfering on the wrong side — that is, the side of mercy. He abuses all Russians as venal slaves, utterly corrupt, yet so fettered by orderB that a sentry set by Catherine II. to guard a snowdrop on her lawn was stationed there ever after for a century; despises Italy, because it has become so Italian as to be weak ; and detests French men, as people who were, men when go verned by Gormame nobles— a'pure illusion, tho nobles of France, two hundred families excepted, having boon ennobled Frenchmen — but are now Individually vain-glorious weaklings, scarcely deserving to live. "You may," ho Bays, "lay twenty-five laahc3 on a Frenchman back with impunity, if you only deliver meanwhile a speech on tho liberty and dignity of mankind. The imaginative victim will scarcely realise that you aro flogging him." The great Chancellor declares that had he-been King duriDg the invasion, he would have been far harder ; that he would havo shot all francs-tireurs, that he would have bombarded Paris, that he would destroyed Frunce, by re-creating Burgundy, He even goe3 the astounding length of quoting a sentence uttered, ho Bays, by Princess Bis raorck, by all other accounts a most gentle lady, the solace and charm of her. husband life, which would mean that; all French people ought to bo. put to death. , , Tho Chancellor, in fact, revels in tho (.thought of his own "hardness," brings it/ out again and again, ... -while declaring , that the Teuton is,/ or all) mankind,; the,- only man with innate goodness of Jienrt, and /as serting that he believes himself " to i be, , like every other instrument, tlie subject of per petual special Providence. . Wo do not be lieve that this description is a true portrait of the greatest living German. It is not the impression which he has mado upon contem poraries. It is not tho portrait revealed iu the intercepted letters to his wife, which are fall of evidence of au inner gentleness, and even tenderness of nature. It is utterly inconsistent with,, the humorous side .of him, the sense of the incongruous and the comic, of which Prince Bismarck throughout his history-has been as full.. .as Dr. Johnson, Paul Richter, or Carlyle. It is a mere presentation of a sido pi liiiii, . a side which comes, perhaps, prominently for- ward in after-dinner conversations, a side in which he delights, , out of cynical humor, but a sido which ia no more the man than his brow-bcating scene with Thiers and Jules Favre is his history. It is an idea! of him self which he, confident that history will do bim justice, chooses just now and for a pur pose to present, and the question is, — What is that purpose ?' We. cannot but believe that it, . ,is to deepen the European impression of his terribleness, to increase the . weight of his per sonality, to impress , all Germans with a picture of himself as the, true Hermann, the able, remorseless, German reitcr- champion, who despises all maukind not Gorman, who can drink more, eat more, kill more, and Swagger more than auy other human being. He has often in diplomacy found this . exag geration of brutal frankness pay, and ho has .determined, for some reason in his own mind, probably a solid one, to treat the whole world for onco a3 he has often treated envoys who would not accept his terms. All -men shall think of him for the next twelve mouths as Jules Favre thought of him for forty-eight hours— as tho resist less, high-handed, full-blooded, drinking, menacing: .Gorman giant, against whom contest .... was impossibio, except ,.by those who were prepared to endure all that a rcmorse'ess wind wielding : irresistible power' was prepared to inflict. ...They shall see him iu his frankest, mood, denouncing nations, damning agents/ jeering at royalties —witness tho uulueky Auguatenberg whom he told that Prussia bad hatched the chicken, and could wring its neck-r-laraenlirig only that he had not been harder on France, and trusting in Providence principally because Providence had raised up him. Will the portrait eueceed? We doubt it. That it will be impressive with certain classes, who hold this kind of savage athlete to be the human , ideal, who admire .power the more because it is half animal/ who "nee in overful- ness of life a glorious realism) we do not doubt; butit will inspire withhatred enormous classes even in Germany, where Socialists, Catholics, Liberals, and aristocrats will alike cry out, "This is your hero, aelf.paiuted I" It will drive all Frenohmon half- mad with horror, disgust, and it may be fear, fear of what, a second war wonld bring, if Bismarck guided it and won the game ; and it will irritate all Slavs into a determination that Bismarck shall know before lie dies that their race iB not feminine. The personal enmities the book will create signify little, for the Chancellor. wears an armor of power off which tho lancoa of . individuals, however charged with fire, must glide harmless ; but the hatred of classes, and creeds, and nations ia never without reanlt. And yet even this will probably be of less consequence than the fall which the Chancellor will sustain in the opinion of tho thoughtful. We do not know that thay will be greatly moved by tho ubris which ia so carelessly revealed, for they, beyond other men, aro apt to find in cynicism some enjoy able rarity of flavor, to value realism, even if as brutal as M. Zola's, to core little about an arrogance whioh thoy can meet with a soft but impenetrable armor of saorn. But they will be dee.ply impressed with the want of intellectual breadth in the Chancellor's utterances. They will say, as they road his denunciations of Rnssia, — Is there not strength of a cort, in the placing of that sentry for a huudred years because the order was unrepealed, and in tho vast growth of Russia, in spite of her officials' corruption. They will smile at his opi- niou of Italy, and ask which la3tod longest, — German oppression, or Italian resolution to resist? Tlioy will read his opinion of Franco, and sneer, and say, — This man can readonly black- lettor ; ho does not understand any people bat the German. Ho iguorcs all European history. He will, ono day, make some colossal blunder. Ho despises culture, and therefore his know ledge, though wide, is shallow and insuf ficient. He is the victim of prejudices whioh blind men almost as muoh as dreams. He parades, probably simulates cruelty, as if cruelty did not provoke resistance, as well as fear. He might as well, when ho fights an enemy, announce beforehand tbat ho will grant no quarter, and so compel every wavering soldier to fight against him with tho daring of despair. They will not he impressed by tho jovial lines of the picture, the eating, drinking, roaring side of the great man, for the educated of to-day aro all, in their Way, physiologists, and will see in all that little except a certain- physical strength of constitution, high spirits and d tendency to nervous attack of a very terrible ' kind. The great figure will not be greater im their eyes (or these revelations, but less, and they, and not tho- masses,' in the long- run govern the world.5 Their oold, half-sati rical, half-hnniano-deprooiation will penetrate every circle "in Europe, will enter courts, will bo felt by governing Boldiers, will saturate the minds of tho professorate, and will sap the very- foundations of a power which rest, first of nil; on the -'conviction that in Prince Bismarck the strongest empire in the world has found the clearest- eyed guide. There is no clear-sightedness in the man1 who does : not soe, as 'Prince Bismarck professes not to see, tha.t in tho ' imaginative Frenchman, wlio 1 cannot feel ; the lash because his imagination i3 'fed with " great ideas, there must be a capacity) of suppres- sing Belf which, of all qualities, will most readily -produce 1 heroic actions. It is the man who feels1 tho lash whom the lash- de grades, not -the man who by mere power or imagination can' make his flesh insensible to the pain. There Is a smallriess in nil such utterances which disturbs one's idea of the Chancellor's mind, and, like his war on Ca tholicism, 'his cavalry charge on the ghosts, half tempts us to believe that he is, after all, only a grand major of cuirassiers, who hap pens by Royal favor to 'wield the German force. .It is not so,— but that, and no better, is the impression of Dr. Busch's portrait. 