Nobelist. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER LXIII.—(Continued.) They were singing to her accompaniment an evening hymn, with the music from Hayden. Net glided up to the group, and added her fine soprano voice to them, completing the quartette. They spent a long evening with sacred music, and then separated and retired. The first creatures awake in that castle the next morning were Net's babies. And their first waking thought, after they had recovered from their astonishment at find- ing themselves in a strange bed, and had recollected how they came there, was—their cat. She was coiled up comfortably asleep on the foot of their bed, where she had been placed by the faithful Nelly, who had re- ceived her late at night from the hands of Moses, the groom, who had brought her from the Birds'-Nest cottage. The children now wanted nothing to complete their happiness. They had the freedom of the castle and the court-yard, and, in the care of Nelly Lacy, they wandered about at will, all over the place, surprised and delighted anew at every novelty, and pleased with their pretty young nursemaid, whose position as a ser- vant they began to understand, and whom they warned that they hoped she would not "wun away as poor Tit did." After luncheon that day Lord Beaudevere and Miss Desparde took leave of their friends and went home to Cloudland. CHAPTER LXIV. DREAM OR VISION. NET and Arielle were left with only each other and the two children for company ; and, if they could not be called absolutely happy, they were at least very peaceful and contented. On the third day of her sojourn at the castle Net received a short note from Antoinette Deloraine, saying that she was no longer able to ride or walk out, and scarcely able to sit at her writing-table long enough to write that note, and imploring Net to come to her, even if she had to bring the children with her. If Net then could have divided herself between Arielle and Antoinette, she would have done so. She could not bear to refuse Antoinette, and she could not bear to leave Arielle at this juncture. She wrote a most affectionate note to her cousin, telling her of the state of affairs at Castle Montjoie, and promising her that she would set out for Deloraine Park immediately after Christmas. In fact, Net was secretly looking forward to the return of Valdimir Desparde, aud his full- reconciliation with Lady Arielle. Such a happy consummation for the young lovers would set her so much at ease on her young friend's account that she would feel quite free to leave her. Once she tried to sound Arielle upon the subject. "We have not heard anything from Cloud- land since Lord Beaudevere and Vivienne left us. But I suppose we shall hear from them as soon as Mr. Desparde arrives," she said. "I do not know why they should announce his arrival to us," replied Lady Arielle, coldly, though with a slight tremor in her voice. "Because he is coming to vindicate him- self, my dear," replied Net, gently "and, indeed, he needs to vindicate himself to you more than anyone else alive." "I do not wish to hear his vindication. We already know what it will amount to. He fell into low company ; he was entrapped into marrying a low girl ; his wife and child have perished by yellow fever in New Orleans, he devoted himself to the care of the ??? until the reign of the plague was over and now he comes back a free man to vindicate his character. What sort of a vindication is this ? I want none of it !" "Oh, my dear Arielle ! remember how he loved you, notwithstanding all, and try to forgive him," pleaded Net. "I do forgive him ! I must forgive him, or never expect to be forgiven myself. But I cannot—cannot, receive him on the old conditions again. I could pass over almost any other fault in a man but this one that he has committed ! He allowed himself to be drawn away from me by another woman. I cannot condone that offence—no I cannot ! I cannot ! It has opened a great gulf between our souls, wider than that which separated Dives from Lazarus !" said Arielle, passionately ; while her delicate frame shook under the storm, of emotion aroused by the theme. "I do believe that you could more easily forgive your lover for murdering another man than for loving another woman !" exclaimed Net. "I—do—believe—I— could," answered Arielle, deliberately. "Perhaps he never did either love or marry another woman. We have not his word for it that he did. We have only the detective's report ; and they fall upon false clues with masterly ingenuity. Mr. Desparde says nothing but this—that he is coming home to vindicate himself from all reproach. We should at least give him the opportunity, and not prejudge him," persisted Net. "Say no more ! I cannot bear the subject, Net ; but tell me dear girl, do you often hear from Mr. Fleming ?" inquired Lady Arielle, not maliciously at all—because she had not the slightest suspicion that Adrian Fleming had deserted his wife—but only to change the subject. Net flushed to her temples, and answered, evasively : "Not for a month. When I heard last, he was in America, and was about to start for the wilds of the West to hunt the buffalo. Net did not add, that even for this infor- mation she was indebted to the "Personal" column of a Devonshire paper that had accidentally fallen into her hands. How Net loathed the part she had to play to shield her recreant husband from reproach ! Had it been only herself who was to suffer, she would have told the whole story of her hapless marriage, other than have appeared in false colours and lived a lie ! Arielle perceived that this subject pained her friend as much as the other one had pained herself, and she therefore refrained from pursuing it ; thinking, perhaps, that Net felt the continued absence of her husband as a humiliating neglect of herself, and thinking no worse than that. "Well, never mind ! Let us leave off talking of the men ! The theme is a most unprofitable one ! Let us talk of women ! What is the matter with Antoinette Deloraine ?" she inquired, with much interest. "A hereditary delicacy of constitution that shortened the lives of all their fore- mothers for many generations past. Each one has died younger than the mother who bore her, and poor Antoinette, who thinks that she is dying, is several years younger than her own mother was when she passed away. I am very sorry for Antoinette. Her position is truly pitiable, her fate almost tragi- cal. Think of it ! Not yet nineteen years old —youthful, beautiful, wealthy, accomplished, and ambitious. So ambitious ! She declared she would not marry anyone under the rank of a duke, you know. And now to be dying, alone in that remote country house, with no one near her but nurses and servants ! It is too sorrowful. I must go to her immediately after Christmas," said Net. Lady Arielle would have expostulated, but she felt that, however unwilling she might feel to part with Net, she could not conscientiously object to have her to go to her dying cousin. "Why—in case of Antoinette Deloraine's dying unmarried—you are the heiress of Deloraine Park, are you not ?" suddenly inquired Lady Arielle, as if the thought had just occurred to her. "Yes, but don't let us discuss that, please ; the thought is really and truly too distressing to me," sighed Net, turning away her head. "Too distressing to you, is it, my unselfish darling, to remember that you are the heiress of Deloraine Park ? It will not be too distressing to Sir Adrian and Lady Fleming, take my word for it ! But there, I will say no more about it. I suppose you must go to Antoinette after Christmas," "Or earlier if she should get worse. I wrote and told her that." "A few days after this conversation Arielle received a note from her guardian, telling her that the Colorado steamship, from New York to Southampton, had arrived, bringing Mr. Valdimir Desparde, who had that morn- ing telegraphed to his uncle to send a dog- cart to meet him at the Miston station at seven o'clock the next morning. The note ended in these words : "But I shall not send anybody, my dear. I shall go myself to meet my dear boy. And if he can vindicate himself to my satisfaction, as I hope and believe that he can, I will bring him to your feet without delay. If he cannot—and it may be possible that he cannot—I will not permit him to approach you." Arielle read this note to Net, and then asked her : "What do you think of it ?" "I think, as the baron does, that Mr. Desparde will be able to vindicate himself fully. And in that case he will soon be at your feet, dearest," confidently replied Net. Arielle's delicate face flushed to the edges of her hair. "I hope they will make no mistake about what I shall consider a full vindication. If he had deserted me for another woman no excuse that he could make would vindicate him in my eyes. I could never, never con- done that offence. I might forgive it—nay, I must forgive it—but I can never, never condone it it !" she exclaimed. "Hush, my darling ! Do not excite your- self prematurely. I do not believe one word about that other woman. But, thank heaven, your suspense, this trying suspense, will soon be over !" "Yes. Valdimir starts from Southampton this morning, and by travelling day and night will reach Miston Station to-morrow at seven in the morning. The baron will meet him there, hear his explanation as they drive home to Cloudland, and if that explana- tion shall satisfy him he will bring the wanderer here in the afternoon. To- morrow afternoon ! Oh, how near ! Ah ! I hope, I pray that there has been no other woman in the case ! But, ah ! what is the use of such a hope or prayer in regard to a past event, which is fixed past hoping for or pray- ing for !" All the rest of that day Net noticed that Lady Arielle was very restless and could settle herself to no occupation. At night, on leaving her friend to retire, she said : "I am going to bed, Net, because I do not know what else to do, as it is bed-time, but I know I shall not sleep. Oh, Net ! is it not humiliating to feel this interest in a man who offered me the greatest affront a woman could possibly receive ?" exclaimed Lady Arielle, in a flame of self- scorn. "Or who seemed to have offered you this affront. Appearances are deceitful. You must wait for his explanation," replied Net. "I shall lie awake and think of him— think of him on the railway train speeding northward through the darkness of the night. He will be travelling all night ; he will be at Miston at seven o'clock to-morrow morning ; he will be at Cloudland at half past nine, and—if all should be right in his explanation to Lord Beaudevere—they will be here by twelve ! Oh, Net, what a thought ! What is the hour now, dear Net ? I never carry a watch ; look at yours." "It wants about two minutes of ten," answered her friend, after consulting the little time-piece that hung at her girdle. "Fourteen hours yet to wait ! Oh, if I could only sleep seven of them away ! I might bear the rest ! Ah ! it is degrading to care so much about this man ! But it is only in the hope that the report of the detectives may have been a false one. If it was true, I will never condone the offence ! Never !" So, with her soul torn between love and wrath, Lady Arielle retired. Net went to her own apartments, stole on tiptoes into the nursery to look at the sleep- ing children and assure herself that the were safe and well, and then she offered up her private devotions and went to bed. Net also lay long awake, thinking of her friend, hoping and praying that Valdimir Desparde's explanation of his most extra- ordinary and apparently most unpardonable conduct might prove satisfactory to Lady Arielle, and that a full reconciliation and re- union might make the lovers happy. The little clock on the mantlepiece had struck twelve before Net fell asleop. Then she slept soundly for several hours, and dreamed a painful but confused dream about Kit, of which she could make nothing at all coherent. She was aroused from her sleep at last by a hurried rapping at her chamber door. She started up, only half awake, exclaim- ing confusedly : "Well ? Yes ! Who is it ! What is the matter ?" "It is I, Net ! Open the door, dear !" answered the trembling voice of Lady Arielle. Not, much surprised, sprang out of bed and opened the door in a second. Pale as marble, in the early winter morn- ing light, cold and shivering, Lady Arielle stood there in her white night-dress. "My dear ! What is the matter ?" exclaimed Net, in consternation. "Let me get into bed with you, Net. I— I— I've seen— I've seen—" began the girl, but her voice died away in her shaking frame and chattering teeth. Net hurriedly turned down the warm bed- clothes and led her shuddering friend up to it. Arielle threw herself in and drew the covering up over her head, and lay there shaking as with a hard ague. Net hastily drew on her warm dressing- gown and slippers, and then bent over the shuddering form that had taken possession of her bed. "Arielle, dearest, what is it ? A chill or a fright ? Shall I call up the housekeeper ?" "Oh, no, no ! It is not a chill ! Call no one. Get into bed again ! It is not near time to rise ! You'll take cold !" muttered the girl, in smothered tones, as she shivered and shook under the cover. "But, Arielle, you need assistance. Let me—" "No, no, no ! It is the shock ! The fright ! Come to bed ! I'll tell you !" Net went and locked the chamber-door and then got into bed and lay down beside the shaking girl, who at once clasped her closely like a frightened child. "Now, when you are sufficiently composed, you will tell me what has alarmed you," said Net, in a soothing tone. But Arielle continued to shiver and cling to her friend in silence for a few moments longer ; then she said : "Oh, Net, you remember, after grand- mamma left us I told you that I saw her sitting in her chair in my room." "Yes, dear, I remember you told me so," replied the little woman ; forbearing, however, to utter her thought that it was only a delusion of the imagination. "Well, Net, I was not afraid of her ; no, nor of grandpapa either, for I saw him also, Net, though I never told you so. I would not tell you because I thought you would only smile at me, as you did when I told you of my seeing grandmamma." "My dear, I thought you were the subject of some hallucination of your senses, the result of your weakened nervous system," answered Net, gently. "I know you did. And indeed my weak- ness made me more susceptible to impressions from the spirit world ; but, Net, they were real impressions. I did see my grandmother sitting in her own arm- chair in my room, within a week after her departure, and I did see my grandfather sitting at his study table when I opened the door one day. "Did you address either of them ?" "No, for though I was not afraid of them, I was so startled by their apparitions, and then they disappeared." "But you have not seen either of them lately ?" "No, it was shortly after grandmamma departed that I saw her several times ; but never after the first few weeks. I have seen grandpapa but once." "Then it was not the apparition of either of these that frightened you ?" ventured Net. "Oh, no ! oh, no ! I should not have been afraid of them ! They looked so natural ! But this one—Oh-h-h !" shuddered Arielle, clinging to Net. "Tell me all about it and you will feel better. I daresay it was a nightmare dream," said Net, reassuringly. "A dream ! How could it have been a dream, when I never slept for one instant ? And as for the nightmare, I never had it in my life." "What was it then, my darling ?" "I am going to tell you. I have not been asleep to-night. I did not even doze. I was so wide awake. The room was so dark that towards morning, when the smouldering fire on the hearth went entirely out, I could see the first faint approach of day between the folds of the curtains and the slats of the shutters. I was watching that faint, increasing light, and saying to myself that—he—Valdimir— had just about reached Miston Junction, and wlile I was so watching, I heard the clock strike seven. Then feeling very tired, I closed my eyes and—" "Fell asleep," added Net. "No, I did not ! I fell into a quiet, conscious, restful state that seemed better than sleep. I lay enjoying this benign repose for some moments— I know not how long—when—oh, Net !" suddenly exclaimed the young lady, covering her eyes with her hands, as if to shut out some terrible vision that memory had conjured up visibly before them. "Go on, my dear," said her companion in a low voice. "Oh, Net ! with my eyes closed, with every sense closed in perfect rest, as I lay there I became aware—in some mysterious, occult manner, which was not through sight or hearing, or any material faculty—I say I became aware of some presence at my bed- side. This awed me into a deeper quietude. Soon I seemed to hear, not through my bodily ears, but through my spirit, deep breathing over me. It laid me under a death-like spell. Soon, out of this breath- ing issued sighs, softer than the softest notes of the Eolian harp, bearing these words : 'See me. He slew me for sending the letter that saved you !' Then—oh ! shall I ever get over it ?—then, out of the deep darkness loomed upon my sealed sight the shadowy form of a tall woman, clothed in long, black raiments. Spell-bound with awe, I could not move, or speak, or breathe, while the shadowy, black-robed form grew out into more distinct outlines—a clear- cut, marble-white face, with fire-bright, azure eyes, and a long, cloudy veil of pallid golden-hued hair. I had no power to draw my gaze, my mental sight, from that marble-white face, those fire-bright eyes, until I recognised Kit Ken ! Then I screamed, and the vision vanished !" CHAPTER LXV. MYSTERIES. As Arielle finished her strange recital, she clung to her friend and shook again as with an ague fit. Net was much amazed, not so much by the vision itself, which she explained mentally upon natural grounds, as by the effect it had had on Arielle. "Well, my dear, what happened next ?" she inquired, thinking it best to encourage the terrified girl to talk and get the whole subject off her mind. "Oh, then, Net, as soon as the awful vision vanished, I recovered my powers of motion ; I started up, sprang out of bed and ran to you. That is all. I feel better now, since I have told you. Oh, Net, what do you think of it ?" piteously inquired the trembling girl. Net Fleming did not answer for some moments, but then she said, deprecatingly : "Don't you see, my dear, that this was only a dream ? While you were lying there so quietly, so restfully, as you describe yourself to have been, you unconsciously dropped asleep, though perhaps, only for a moment, and dreamed all this." "No, no, no, I did not, Net ! Oh, Net ! how very, very hard you are to convince. But perhaps you have never in your life seen a supernatural form or heard a super- natural voice ?" "No," replied the sound-bodied and sound-minded little woman, "I never have." "Well, then, of course it is no use talking to you ! I might as well talk of light to a person born stone blind, or of music to one born stone deaf ! I don't blame you for your incredulity, Net." "No, nor do I blame you for your illusions, dear," smiled Net. The mantel clock struck eight. Net slipped out of bed and unlocked the chamber-door and rang her bell, and then returned to bed, for the room was very cold. Nelly Lacy came in and made the fire. And the next minute the two children burst open the nursery-door and ran in, in their night-gowns, and climbed up into little mammam's bed, all unconscious that she had a companion. "They are enough to put all the ghosts of Gehenna to flight ; are they not ?" laughed Net, as she returned their caresses. "Hush ! oh, hush !" breathed Arielle, in an awe-struok tone. When the fire had warmed the room the friends arose. Lady Arielle went back to her own chamber, where she found another bright fire, and her maid Lucy Lacy in attendance. Nelly Lacy took the children back to the nursery and dressed them. Net made her simple toilet, and went downstairs to the breakfast parlour. She was soon joined by her hostess, who, on entering said : "As we are alone, I have sent Lacy to tell Nelly to bring the children to breakfast with us. I know that they have been accustomed to breakfast with you. I forgot to do it earlier, and only thought of it when they came bursting in upon us upstairs." "How kind and thoughtful you are, dear Arielle." "I mean to be kind, but indeed I am not thoughtful. If I had been I should have had these children at table with us ever since Lord Beaudevere and Vivienne went away. Ah, no !—But here are the children." They all sat down at the table, and lingered over the breakfast until the clock struck ten. "Only two hours now, dear Net. Surely —surely—if all is right, they will be here in two hours !" exclaimed Lady Arielle, as she put her hand through Net's bended elbow and leaned thereon, walking up and down the hall—for Arielle was too restless to sit down. But they had not to wait until noon for news. At half -past eleven, while the two friends were sitting in the smaller drawing-room in tasteful morning dresses, waiting with almost breathless impatience for the arrival of the expected visitors, Adams, the ladies' footman, entered with a note on a silver salver, which he handed to the young lady, saying : "A groom from Cloudland brought it, my lady." "Well, take him to the servants' hall and give him some refreshment while his horse rests," said Lady Arielle, scarcely able to curb her impatience until the man left the room. Then, with beating heart and burning cheek, she tore open the note, which she saw was in Vivienne's handwriting, and she read it, while Net watched her anxiously. Vivienne's little missive was as follows : "CLOUDLAND, 16th December, 18— . "MY DEAREST ARIELLE,—I write to save you some hours of useless anxiety. My brother arrived at Miston Station in good health early this morning, and was met by Beaue. "But, alack-a-day ! as the old folks used to say, he was subpœnaed as a witness upon some disturbance that occurred on the train, and had to go back to some station to testify. "Beaue went with him, and sent the carriage back, with a note for me by the coachman to tell me of this annoying contretemps, and to say that I must not expect them back until late to-night. Did you ever hear of anything more provoking in your life ? I have no words strong enough to express my disgust and abhor- rence of this state of affairs. "I shall sit up for them to-night, and send them both up to see you early to- morrow morning. And in the meantime, with love to Net and the children, I am your own VIVIENNE." Arielle read this over to herself, and then read it aloud to Net. "Now, is not this the most vexatious thing that could possibly happen ? It really makes me feel ill. I can appreciate now the old proverb that says : 'Hope deferred maketh the heart sick.' My heart is sick. Twenty-four hours more ! Oh, dear Net ! Couldn't you chloroform me, and keep me under the influence of that pain-killing drug until this time to morrow morning ?" she inquired, with a piteous look in the face of her friend. "It is very trying, I know, dear Arielle ; but you must be brave and patient. It will not seem so long. The day is already half spent, the night you will sleep away, because you did not sleep last night, and to-morrow morning you will have nothing to do but to expect your visitors," said Net, hopefully. Arielle sighed deeply, thinking within her own mind that if she could feel certain Valdimir Desparde had not been so false to her as to have married another woman, and if it would not be so unmaidenly, she could find it in her heart to take Net and go to Cloudland to share the vigil of Vivienne, and so meet Valdimir half a day sooner. She controlled this passionate desire so completely that Net did not even ??? existence. But the ??? passed very heavily with ???, who could settle herself to nothing. When bed-time came Arielle said to her friend : "Net, dear, I am really afraid to sleep alone. I wish you would let me share your room this one night. Should I disturb you, do you think ?" "Why, no, dear ! I am usually a very good sleeper, not easily disturbed. How should I be when I have been accustomed for the last four years to sleep between two kicking children ? I shall be glad of your company." So that night the two girls slept together, and slept soundly until morning. They arose blithely, too, and soon after breakfast they began to look for their longed for visitors. But another disappointment awaited them. Again Adams appeared with a little cream-coloured note on a silver salver. Arielle grew dizzy as she took it and tore it open. It contained only a few informal lines, as follows : "Beaue is a fox, an old fox, a sly old fox ! He did not inform me yesterday morning of the nature of the disturbance that detained Valdimir And last night he came home without my brother, And when I brought him to bay he had to confess that Valdimir was personally interested in that 'disturb- ance ; that in point of fact, said 'disturb- ance' was caused by my brother's having been robbed while in the railway carriage, of the most valuable family jewel in his possession ! a jewel worth all the landed property in the family. I suppose it is the great historical diamond called 'Sirius.' I thought that jewel was safe in the vaults of my cousin's banker. How careless of Valdimir to carry it about him. "I will tell you this : If ever it should come into my possession—which is scarcely possible—I should sell it to some sovereign with more cash than common sense, and invest the price in solid real estate, with a sure title that could neither be lost nor stolen. "Well, Valdimir has gone back ever so far on his track in search of this stolen jewel, and will not return until he has recovered it. "Beaue says that there is no doubt it will be recovered. A jewel of such trans- cendant worth cannot long be lost. "Beaue only came home to relieve my anxiety, and went back this morning to rejoin Valdimir and assist in the search. "I am laid up with a dreadful cold in the head, caught through standing out in the night air watching for Valdimir. "Take warning by my fate, and don't watch. "Love to Net and babies. "Your own "VIVIENNE." Arielle read the letter, and passed it over to Net, without a word of comment, but with a look of comic despair, if such a term be allowable. She was very far from suspecting the gravity of the matter that detained her lover. Net in turn read the letter, and passed it back to its owner, only saying : "It is the fate of Tantalus." The footman who had brought in the letter stood waiting orders. "Go, Adams, and bring me the morn- ing's papers. If that robbery took place night before last, there must be some notice of it in this morning's Times." "Beg pardon, my lady, but no papers have come this morning," replied the man. "Why, how is that ? It is one o'clock ! They should have been here before now !" "They have not come, my lady." "Well, go ; and as soon as they do come bring them to me. Yet stay ! I must write a line of acknowledgement to Miss Desparde. I did not reply to her note yesterday," added Arielle, in an aside to Net. She sat down to a writing-table near the fireplace and scribbled off a hasty note, very guarded, however, in its wording, not by any means exposing the extremity of her own anxiety and impatience, but only expressing her own and Net Fleming's sympathy with Vivienne's disappointment and indisposition, and their hopes of her brother's speedy arrival and her own happy recovery. She read this letter also to Net and then sealed, directed and despatched it by Adams to Miss Desparde' s waiting messen- ger. All that day Lady Arielle waited and watched for the daily newspapers that failed to come. She did not know that her guardian had caused them to be stopped, lest they should shock her with the news of Valdimir Desparde's arrest on the dreadful charge of murder. She blamed the unlucky news-agent, and denounced him in no measured terms. "Jobson has a monopoly at Miston ! He is too independent ! He neglects his business ! There should be a rival estab- lishment there, which I should certainly patronise ! The idea of his neglecting to send the papers to-day !" she exclaimed, for the twentieth, time. Net laughed. "Poor Jobson !" she said—"any one of a dozen accidents may have happened to prevent his sending the papers. And as to his 'monopoly,' it hardly puts bread enough in his hungry children's mouths ! I wish you could see them, poor things !" "Oh, Net, I am a selfish wretch, and all my goodness is not skin deep ! The minute anything crosses me I am bad ! That is, I mean, I find out how bad I am !" said Arielle, half-lightly, half-penitently. Net did not contradict or flatter her. It was not Net's way. Still another weary day and night passed, and then, at length, something happened ; but it was not what they had expected. CHAPTER LXVI. VIVIENNE'S WOE. Lord Beaudevere continued his daily visits to Yockley prison, although the journey there and back, and the hour spent with his unhappy kinsman, took the whole of every day. So long as he could prevent Jobson from sending the newspapers to Montjoie Castle and to Cloudland he had hoped that the disastrous, news of Valdimir Desparde's arrest and imprisonment on the terrible charge of murder might not reach the ladies of either house, for Lady Arielle lived in strict seclusion since the death of her grandfather, and Miss Desparde was confined to her room by a severe cold. But as the days went on, and the news spread from one to another all over the country, until it was in everybody's mouth, Lord Beaudevere perceived how futile were his plans to keep it concealed from his wards. Any day, a word from a tradesman might reveal the calamity to a servant or a child, who might bring it suddenly to either of the houses from which he so earnestly desired to keep it. He deemed it, therefore, best that he should himself, gently break the matter to Vivienne and send her with the intelligence to Lady Arielle. In ??? with this plan, he delayed his daily visit to Valdimir for a couple of hours, and met Vivienne at breakfast, to which she was now sufficiently recovered to come down. She herself unwittingly led up to the subject. "Oh, indeed ?" she exclaimed, as soon as she entered the breakfast-room, and saw him waiting there for her. ."You do not mean to say that you are going to sit down to the table with me this morning ? Why, I have not had the honour of your company for seven days ! What has happened ? Is the lost jewel, the great diamond, Sirius, found at last ? If so, when shall I see my truant brother ? Or is he detained to identify his property and—the thief ?'' she saucily demanded. "Pour out my coffee, Vivi, and I will tell you till about it after breakfast," replied the baron. The girl sat down and did as he desired. After breakfast was over the baron arose and said : "Come into the library, my, love. I have something to say to you." His manner and tone of voice alarmed the girl, and prepared her in some degree for what she was destined to hear. (To be continued.) 