A SOUTH AUSTE ALIAS'S NOTES IN fcNGLAJSD. SUNDAY IN LONDON. An almost depressing suuness ana silence seems to have fallen over the great City as one goes out into the streets of London early on a Sundav moraine. There are scarcelv anv vehicles to be seen, and but few foot passengers; the Strand is a long paved desert with one empty omnibus rattling dismally over the stones; the few cabmen who are slowly prowling about in search of a fare look as if they are cocBcious that they are Sabbath-breakers, and that the eagle eye of the solitary policeman at the corner is upon them. After the excitement of yesterday, the shouting and noise and glare of the gas-lights of the Strand on a Siturday night, especially the boat-race night, the quiet of Palm Sunday morning is very noticeable. The dustmen in the streets are carting away fragments of dark and light-blae ribbon, the placards and posters advertisinj ' seats to view the race' are already half torn down, and only the cries of the newspaper bays selling ' Ohsertirsn and u Sumuty Tunes' with ?full accounts of the Boat-iace,' recall to us the great event of the pr*vious day. We seem quite lost without the one absorbing topic of conversation to fall back on ; it hsrdly appears right to go down to breakfast iu the hotel without hearing on all sides such ques tions as — u What's the betting to-day ? Are yon going down to Putney ? 'What time will the crews go oat f But the bells are ringing out lustily and noisily to show all the world that they and the churches are still in the same plaje, and as if they feared lest people would not go to worship unless they deafened and overpowered them by their noisy summons. Already a few straggliug gronps in sober Sabbath clothing, with prayer books and bymn-books in their hands, are pacing slowly through the streets, stepping churchwards. There 19 no lack of religious ex citement for people so inclined on this Sunday. The London papers in their evening editions on Saturday nights print side by side with the theatrical and music-hall notices a short list of preachers in the principal churches on the follow ing day, and those in search o£ an ' awakener' can choose one for themselves. X am curious to visit one of the advanced Ritualistic Churches, and, shepherded by my friend of yesterday, get into a cab and rattle away over the stones of St. Martin's-lane. My companion, strange to say (for he is of an age which iu .'South Aus tralia chiefly amuses itself on Sunday by smoking, riding, or driving), evidently looks upon church-going ouce at least on Sunday as quite the proper and usual thing to do, and even seems anxious to get there in good time, for he tells me we ha* better hurry away, as the church is always full, and to-day it will be more crammed than usual. This is semething new to me, and I take the opportunity to inform my companion that Adelaide is sucli a virtuous city and its inhabitants all so extremely good (or apathetic) that churches are not as a rule by any means filled. There is a little more traffic in St. Maitiu's-lane than I have so far seen this Sunday morning, and as we drive along and turn into some of the by - lanes, the whole place seems to be fairly awake, and indeed holding high holiday. The pablic houses are closed until 1 o'clock, but many of , the inhabitants have evidently kid in stocks of refreshment, for they are sitting at their doors — both males and females —in the lightest and dirtiest of morning costumes, imbibing comfort from cracked handleless jugs or big battered pewter r pots. The place swarms \ with birds and dogs, and reeks of filth and bad tobacco smoke. Cages crowded with every description of song birds hang in the dnsty, dirty windows ; pens of prize fowls are standing on the pavement, blocking up the way; the British bulldog, blear eyed and ferocious, is tied and chained to every doorway; whilst the ewnera of the animals descant on their merits, or try and sell them, their loud voice; polluting the air with blasphemy and ribaldry. Dirty children are fighting, playing, and yelling in the gutters, only just escaping destruction as we drive past them, for the street is narrow and our cabman In a hurry. Every now and then comes the sound of a loud canine concert from the cellars and areas, in which I fancy I can recognise the deep bayiog of the hound, the sharp yapping of the terrier, the whioe and howl of the poor prisoned pet dog, and the sulky growls and deep-cbested rumblings of the bull dogs and mastiffs. The inhabitants of the place are a villainous-looking set. Of the women the less said the better. Poor wretches ! they are either as bold and brazen-faced as the men, or they have a miserable, sneaking, frightened look like their fellow-sufferers, the kicked and beaten dogs. The men are mostly of that low, half-gipsy, whole-blackguard type which fortu nately is not common with us Australians. They generally affect either a light neglige, consisting of a pair of o!d trousers and a dirty shirt, or they are in full dress, which is made npof a battered white hat, a scarlet or yellow neckcloth big enough to hide the absence of collar and shirt, velveteen coat, ami tight trousers with gaiters. They have a »hort black pipe or a straw in their months, which they remove at intervals in order to expectorate or to curse; this they. require to do about five times a minute. Their black locks are j either plastered close to their heads or dangle in short oily ringlets by their brown, dirty cheeks. .A cut-throat-Iobkiog lot they certainly are, and I wonder in what part of London we are driving till we come out upon an open space where several roads n«-et,~each road apparently ter minating in a public-house, and a tiu plate fastened on to one of the houses with the name 'Seven Dials'* painted on it satisfies my curiosity. ? . ; .. - : : Bnt now we merge into a less noisy and more respectable neighbourhood. The streets are full of people, washed and clothed in their Sunday best, though they evidently belong to the work ing or tte small shopkeeper class. A few car riages, too, are rattling along the stone-paved streets of Holbern. They keep in front of us for a little, and then turn sharply down into a long dirty street, at the end of which they stop, their occupants alight, and enter a narrow alley. Over the. tops of the dingy narrow houses rises a red brick building with a slate roof. This is the chnrch. As there appears to be no carriage road up to the door we leave our cab at the bottom of the street, and after twisting and turning through tvo or three dark alleys come ont at the entrance to one of the best, known High Churches in London. We fairly push our way through the doors and get a standing-place at the back of the bnitdibg, which is crammed to seffceation. The aisles are blocked np with rows of chairs, between which many people are standing, acd there is no possibility .of getting a seat anywhere. A tall ascetic-looking figure, in a long cassock and short embroidered surplice, with a biretta on his head, is reading the lessons, and the crowded audience is listening with a deep attention to the fine voice of the priest. The church is of red brick, with a lofty1 cedar roof, several pictures hang from the walls, and the whole building, bat especially the chancel, is decorated with flowers and palms. A lamp bums before the altar, there is an odour of in cer.se in the place, and the light from the painted windows falls soft and subdued on tlio large congregation, who are divided into two parts, the men sitting on one side of the ables and tbe women on the other- ? Altogether it is an impressive scene, for both priest and people are evidently in earnest, and it is hard to imagine as one looks round on the faces and dresses of many of the worshippers that we are in one of the poorest and lowest parts of London, 'cloi-e to the Italian quarter with its swarms of beggais atd organ-grinders:. Part of the con gregation cert&iiily; is composed of very poor people, but the greater number are well dressed, and evidently come ficm a more fashionable neighbourhood than this. Tlie streets were beginning to get pretty foil when we ieft the church ;and moved bict to tl,e totel, but still all through the day the grater fait -f Lciidon was evidently carry irg cat - tbe r f4.vo«rite maxim cf ? a late i ' - ? ? * - ' ''?? mirent statesman ? ' rest and be thankful. It was too early in the year for much outside amusement. There were no cheap excursion trains running to Brighton or other seaside plsc*g, nor boats going down the river to Graves end ard Greenwich, or np to Richmond and Hampton. A good many people were walking in Kensington Gardens and the Park, bat I did not see a single horseman in the Bow, and not a dozen good private carriages in the drive. The greater part of the respectable world was evidently resting itself, and extended the privilege to its horses and servants. I was struck during nsy stay in England to notice the very general feeling of respect for the seventh day that prevailed throughout the land. After a stroll under the fine old trees in the gardens and the park we crossed Piccadilly by the arch which bears the Duke of Wel lington's statue on its summit, and walked through the Green Park past Backingham Palace to Westminster. The sentinels were pacing up and down before the great ugly build ing, but the place was empty — indeed, it must alway» have a deserted uninhabited look like a drawing-room never lived in, but only set apart for the reception of guests. 'We were now in a military neighbourhood, for the long white washed building by the side of the park is in habited by two battalions of Foot Guards, and more are at the Chelsea Barracks not far away. Many of the warriors are airing themselves in the parks with their sweethearts or wives ou their arms, and their red coats throw a little warmth and colour into the otherwise rather dull scene. At the end of the park we come into Great George-street, the home of architects and civil engineers, and round the corner are the Ilouses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey. Any description of the ' loveliest and meat lovable thing in Christendom' would be unnecessary after the glowing word-painting of the lecturer who some time ago left Ade laide, and whose descriptions I presume nearly all my readers have heard and been charmed with. The inside of the o'd building was full that afternoon, and as the days were sliort and dull a few candles scattered here and there through the vast space cast a ' dim religiou9 light' on the surplices of the choristers and priests and on the brass cross on tte altar, but the greater part of the Abbey was in darkness. Service was jest over, and the organ pealing forth filled the grand old pile with melody for a few minutes. TJien the sounds died away, the congregation dispersed, and the place was left in silence and dark neas to the ghosts of the dead who lie buried there. ' From Olympus to lladt s.' It is but a step across the sheet to the door of a long, rather low red brick building, into which a gaily dressed crowd is passing. The Westminster Aquarium is quite a fashionable Sunday resort, for the Zoological Gardens have long gone out of favour. The crowd inspecting the fish in the tanks, or the pictures in the galleries, or strolling list lessly through the rooms is a well-dressed one, in fact an over-dressed one. A good many of the women evidently belong to the deml'mon- le, and the men have the S:ock Exchange or Mincing-lane stamp on them. I find that it is not very exciting to wander up and down the building, and as dinner-time is drawing near I eoon find my way out into the streets again. London seems to be waking up now ; her tweaty lour hours of enforced quiet and rest are draw ing to a close. The lights iu the public-houses aiid restaurants are peeping out through the chinks in the shutters, and in a few minutes their doors will be thrown open ence more. The street?, too, are rapidly filling, though many of the people moviug along them are bound to church. But I had been enough out of doors, although there is a monBter meeting in Exeter Hall and another in St. George's Hall, Langbam-place, under the auspices of the Sunday League, where recitations from secular writers and clasical music are to be given. It appears that there is a decided tendency in London to relax the somewhat stern laws and regulations which prevail about the closing of all places of amusement and instruction on Sunday. The museums are one by one unbarring their doors, and efforts are being made to have the reading-rooms and picture-galleries also thrown open. This is much to be desired, for the poorer classes seem to have no other means of passing the day away save the public-house, round the doors of which they hang till the hour comes when they can get inside and enjoy the light and warmth. The houses of the very poor are not at any time attractive to their owners, and the early spring is too cold and damp to tempt them to try a cheap excursion into the country either by road or rail. Some few pleasure-seekers have evi dently been for a trip into the green fields, but they look terribly cold and miserable as they emerge from the railway station aud hurry across to the nearest public-house, whose windows are blazing with light.and where a snug backparlour with a fire can be bad. Sunday njust be but a dismtil day for the London poor. Iso (ioubt they are glad of a rest, but that rest means enforced idleness; and the entire absence of any agreeable and useful means of occupying their minds or their bodies often costa them dear, for they naturally turn to the only bright spot in their neighbourhood — the public-house— for amusement, and employers of labour eomplain bitterly of the small amount of work they can get done on Mondays after tbe Sunday's holiday. The rich and middle classes, who have comfortable hotnea and plenty of bocks, need not go away for rest and healthful amusement, but when the ?weatber is dull acd cold — and it is so eight nicntbs cut of the twelve in England — ai d unfitted for outdoor exercise, the working man and the stranger in London are apt to gel rather wenried by the end of Suuday, aud are glad when Monday with its work aud cares and amusements comes round once again. Thb Highest Railway is thb Would. — A Spanish-American journal gives an interesting account of the extraordinary route and construc tion of the Ferro Caril Transandino, or Andes llailway, the highest on the face of the globe. A great part of this line is already iu use. It begins at Callao, in Peru, runs along the coast of the Pacific Ocean a) far a-s Lima, then rises to the Andes, where it attains iu one place to the dizzy elevation of 14 260 feet, or about a level with the summit of Mont Blanc, and almost double the height of the line of perpetual mow in the European Alps. The iron for this incomparable lite was delivered by England, the wood by California aud Oregon. In the huge field of rock between the chaini of the Cordilleras tbe line passes no less thausixty-one tunnels. Such a railway, traversing heights once supposed to be utterly inaccessible, neces sarily possesses some wonderful bridges. One of the most remarkable is that of Verrago?, which rests upon two iron columns of 240 feet in height. The view from this bridge into tbe abyss which it spans is eaid to be truly horrifying, and as the train passes over the traveller may imagine that he is being wafted through the air on an aerial machine. Some points of the amazing landscape which are nearest heaven are described as being of 'Dantesque inferpality'* in character! There are placf s on the line which are never visited by the light of the sun, in spite of their high elevatioD, the ravines being perpetually darkened by the immensity of the 'Pics,' or mountain summit*, which rise up toward tbe sky. At San fltatto the line passes % spot which is even named by the few inhabi tants who are accustomed to the terrible gorges and heaven- reaching 'Pics' of the Andes, ' theEridgeof Hell'— tt Pvtnta df rjnfernieilo. This grand line goes at present as far as ChicU, at a height of 7,250 feet above the ocean, and then descends by degrees to Oroya. The in tellectual creator of this rtupendous work was . tbe American engineer Meiggs, who died in 1877, the constructor of the line between Chili acd Valparaiso. As a perpetual memorial to him tbe highest peak of the Andes his been rareed ?? Pio Meiggs.' The Qtees's Vistt to Italy.— According to a. writer is .the World, tbe Qaeen did not qait Baveno without leaving behind her mamentos of her visit in the shape of very valuable and graceful presents for the owners of Villa Clara. For Mr. Henfrey Her Majesty had chosen a large silver- gilt flagon, with a St. George and the dragon on the lid. The cup is eDgraved, 'Mr. Henfrey, Villa Clara, from Qne^n Victoria,' and the date. For Mrs. Henfrey there wa» a bracelet, having as a centre a V.E.I. with a crown, formed of diamonds and pearls coai biced ; this centre can be removed, and worn as a rer.dnist. The dfsign is of great bciuty.' The Quten also left a number of engraved portraits cf herself, and of most of the members of her family; bnt what pleaded Mr. Henfrey most was an entograph letter, asssricg him of her Ksjesty's great erjoyncent of her stay, ani of tie benefit she had derived from the rest and quitt. 