THE CLOVEN FOOT Br ter Author or Lady Acblet's Secret, &c.;, &c.; csaptee XVI. .(conti-vctd).— shat.l it BE yes ob Xo? In the dining-roctn, paramount over all "other objects, was enshrined the portrait of the departed goddess, a medallion in a frame of velvet and gold. La Chicot well remembered wondering to see so little benutv in that cele- brated face — a small oval face, grey eyc-s, a nondescript nose, a wide mouth. Intelligence and a winning smile were its only charms. O'smetiqnes and Worth had done all the re- 1. Bat then the dead and gone courtesan bad been one of the cleverest womfen in France. La Chicot made no allowance for that. " I am ten times handsomer," she told her- telf, " and yet I shall never keep my own carriage." She had often brooded over the difference between her fate and that of the woman whose house, and horses, and carriages, and lap dog?, nnd jewels she had seen, the sale of which had made a nine days1 wonder in Paris. She thought of that dead woman to-night as 'she eat with the mirror in her - hand admiring the diamonds and her beauty, while Jack Chicot was doing hi best to forget her in his Bohemian club near the Strand. She remembered nil the stories she bad heard of that extinguished luminary— -her arrogance, her extravagance, the abject slavery of her adorers, her trinmphal progress through Ufe, scornful and admired. It was not the virtuous who despised her, but she . who despised the virtuous. Honest women were the chosen mark for her ridicule. People an Paris knew all the details of her brffzen, infamous life. Very few knew the history of her death-bed ; but the priest who shrived her and the nursing sister who watched her last hours could have told a story to make tven Frivolity's hair stand on end. t; It was a short life, but a merry one," thought La Chicot. " How well I remember her the winter the lake in the Bois was frozen, find there was skating by torchlight. She used to drive a sledge all over silver bells, and she used to skate dressed in dark-red velvet and sable. The crowd stood on one side and let her pa.% as if she had been an empress." Then her thoughts took another turn. 4 If I left him he would divorce me and diany that other woman," she said to herself. " Who is she, I wonder? Where did he see her ? Xot at the theatre. He cares for no one there. I have watched him too closely to be deceived in that." Then she half filled a tumbler with brandy, and flavored it with water, in order to delude herself with the idea that she was drinking brandy and water ; and then, lapsing into a state of semi-intoxication — a dreamy, half-con- sciousness, in which life, seen hazily, took a brighter hue — she flung aside her mirror, and threw herself half-dressed upon the bed. Jack Chicot, who had taken to coming home long after midnight, slept on a sofa in the little third room, where he worked. There was not much chance of his seeing the diamonds. He and his wife were as nearly parted as two people could be living in the same house. - La Chicot contemplated the diamonds, and abandoned herself to much the same train of thought for several nights, and now came the last night of the week which Mr. Lemuel had allowed for reflection. To-morrow she was to give hiin his answer. He was waiting for her at the stage door when she came out. Desrolles, her usual es cort, was not in attendance. " Zaire, 1 have been flunking of you every hour since last we spoke together," Joseph Lemuel began, delighted at finding her alone. " You are as difficult to approach as a princess oi the blood royal." " "Why should I hold myself cheaper than a princess," she asked, insolently. " I am an honest woman." "You are handsomer than any princess in Europe," he said. 44 But you ought to com passionate an adorer who has waited so long and so patiently. When am I to have your answer ? Is it to be yes ? You would not be so cruel as to say no. My lawyer has drawn up the deed of settlement. I only wait yonr word to execute it." 44 You are very generous," said Chicot, scornfully, 44 or very obstinate. If I rqn away with you, and my husband gets a divorce, will you marry ine ?" " Be faithful to me, and I will refuse you nothing," - He went with her to the door of her lodgings for the first time, pleading his cause all the way, with such eloquence as he could command, wliich was not much. , He was a man who had found mouey all powerful to obtaiu everything he wanted, and had seldom felt the "need of words. 44 Send me a messenger you can trust at twelve o'clock to-morrow, and if I do not send you back your diamonds " 44 1 shall know that your answer is yes. In that case you will find my brougham waiting at a quarter-past seven o'clock to- morrow evening, at the corner of this street, and I shall be in the brougham. We will drive straight to during Cross, and start for Paris by the mail. It will be too dark for anyone to notice the carriage. What time do you generally go to the theatre ?" 44 At half-past seven." 44 Then you will not be missed till you are well out of the way. There will be no fuss, no scandal." 44 There will be a tremendous fuss at the theatre," said La Chicot. 44 Who is to take my place in the burlesque?" 44 Anyone. What need you care ? You will have done with the burlesques and the stage for ever." 44 True," said La Chicot. And thenbe remembered the students theatre in Paris, and how her popularity had waned there. The same thing might happen here in London, perhaps, after a year or two. Her audience would grow tired of her. Al ready people in the theatre had begun to make disagreeable remarks abont the epty cham pagne bottles that came out of her dressing- room. By-and-bye, perhaps, they would be impudent enough to call her a drunkard. She would be glad to have done with them. Yet, degraded as she was, there were depths of vice from which her better instinets plucked her back, as if it was her good angel clutching her garments to drag her from the edge of an abyss. She had once loved her husband, nay, after her own manner, she loved him still, and oould not calmly contemplate leaving him, Her brain, muddled by champagne and brandy, Bhaped all. thoughts confusedly ; yet at her wort the idea of selling herself to the Jewish, profligate shocked and disgusted her. Her soul was swayed to and fro to this ride and to that. She had no inclination to vice, but she would have liked the wages of rin ; for in this lower world the wages of sin meant a villa at Passy, and a couple of carri- age3. 44 Good night," she said abruptly to her lover. M I must not be seen talking to you. My husband may come home at any minute." 44 1 hear that he generally comes home in the middle of the night," said Mr. Lemuel. 44 What business is it of yours if he does f " esked La Chicot, angrily. 44 Everything that concerns you is my busi ness. When I, who love the ground you walk upon, hear how you sffe neglected by your husband, do you suppose the knowledge does Hot make me more determined to win you ?" " Send your messenger for my answer to morrow," said La Chicot, and then she shpt the door in his face. 44 1 hate him," she muttered when she was clone in the passage, stamping her foot as if she had trodden upon a venomous insect. She went upstairs, and again sat down half undressed upon the floor, to look at the dia- Stond necklace. She had a childish love of the gems — a delight in looking at them— which differed very little from her feelings when she was fifteen yeas younger, and longed for a blue x Patfzflsd by spesssj scan gement with theaxtfbor. v bead necklace erpoc-ad .for sale in the quaint old market place at Aurav. 44 1 shall send them back to him to-morrow/ she said to herself. 44 The diamonds are beaut i- .ful — and I am getting tired of my Ufe here, and I know that Jack hates me — but that man is too horrible--1 and — I am an honest She flung herself on her knees beside -toe bed, in the attitude of prayer, but not to pray. She had lost the habit of prayer soon after she left her native province She was sobbing passionately for the loss of her husband's love, with a dim. consciousness that it was her own degradation that had cost her his affection. 44 I've been a good wife to hiiu," she mur mured in broken syllables, 44 better than ever I was " And then speech lo«t itself in convulsive sobs, and she cried herself to sleep. Chapter XVII. — Murder. Murder ! an awful word under the most or dinary circumstances of everyday life — an awful word even when spoken of an event that happened long ago, or afar otf. But what a word shouted in the dead of night, through the close darkness of a sleeping house, thrilling the ear of slumber, freezing the blood in the half- awakened sleepers' veins. Such a shout — repeated with passionate clamor — scared the inhabitants of the Cibber- street . lodginghouse at three o'clock in the winter morning, still dark as deepest night. Mrs. Rawber heard it in her back bedroom on the ground floor. It penetrated confusedly — not as a word, but as a sound of fear and dread — to the front kitchen, where Mrs. Evitt, the landlady, slept on an ancient press bedstead, which by day made believe to be a bookcase. Lastly, Desrolles, who seemed to have slept more heavily than the others, on that particular night, came rushing out of his room to ask the meaning of that hideous sum mons. They all met on the first floor landing, where .Tack Chicot stood on the threshold of his wife's bedroom, with a candle in his hand, the flickering flame making a patch of sickly yellow light amidst surrounding glooiu— a faint light in which Jack Chicot's pallid counteu- anee looked like the face of a ghost. 44 What is the matter ?" Desrolles asked tbe two women simultaneously. 44 My wife has been murdered. My God, it is too awful ! See— see — " Chicot pointed with a trembling hand to a thin thread of crimsou that had crept along the dull. grey carpet to the very threshold. Shud- deringly the others looked inside, a3 he held the candle towards the bed, with white averted face. There were hideous stains on the coun terpane, an awful figure lying in a heap among the bedclothes, a long loose coil of raven hair, curved like a snake round the rigid form — an awful spectacle, which not one of those who gazed upon, spell-bound, fascinated by the horror of the sight, could ever hope to forget. 44 Murdered, and in my house!" shrieked Mrs. Evitt, unconsciously echoing-the words of Lady Macbeth on a similar occasion. 44 1 shall never let mv first floor again. Fm a ruined woman. Seize him, 'old 'im tight," she cried, with sudden intensity. 44 It must 'are been .her husband done it. You was often a-quarrelling, you know you was." This fierce attack startled .Tack Chicot. He turned upon the woman with bis ghastly face, a new horror in his eyes. 44 1 kill her !" he cried. 44 1 never raised my hand against her in my . life, though she has tempted me many a time. I came into the house tliree minutes ago. I should not have known anything, for when I come in late I sleep in the little room, but I saw that - (he pointed to the thin red streak which had crept across the threshold, and under the door, to the carpetless landing outside), and then I came in and found her tying here, as you pee her." 44 Somebody ought to go for a policeman," suggested Desrolles. 44 1 will," said Chicot, being the only per son present in a condition to leave the house, and before anyone could question his right to leave it he was gone. They waited outside that awful chamber for a quarter of an hour, but no policeman came, nor did Jack Chicot return. 44 1 begin to think he has made a bolt of it," said Desrolles. 44 That looks rather bad." ' 44 Didn't I tell you he'd done it," screamed the landlady. 44 1 know he'd got to hate her. I've seen it in his looks — and she has told me as much, and cried over it, poor thing, when she'd taken a glass or two more than was good for her. And you lot him go, like a coward as you was."' 44 My good Mrs. .Evitt, you are getting abusive. I was not sent into the world to arrest possible criminals. I am not a detec tive." 44 But Fm a ruined woman !" cried the out raged householder ; "jvhd's to occupy . my lodgings in future, I should like to know? The houseTl get the name of being haunted. Here's MrsKawber even, that has been with me close upon five years, will be wanting to g-" 44 I've had a tarn," assented the tragic lady, 44 and I don't feel that 1 can. lie down in my bed again downstairs. I'm afraid I may have to look for other apartments." 44 There," whimpered Mrs. Evitt, "didn't I tell you I was a ruined woman ?" Desrolles had gone into, the front room, and was standing at an open window, watching for a policeman. One of those guardians of the public peace came strolling along the pavement presently, with as placid an air :vs if he had been an in habitant of Arcadia, to whom DesroSles shouted, 44 Come up here, there's been murder." The public guardian wheeled himself stiffly round and approached the street door. He did not take the word murder in its positive sense, but in its local significance, wliich meant a row, culminating in a few bruis«s and u- black eye or two. That blood bad been shed, and that a dead woman was lying in the house never entered his mind. He opened the door and came up stairs with slow, creaking foot steps, as if he had been making a ceremo nious visit. 44 What's the row ?" he asked curtlv, when he came to tbe first-floor landing, and saw the two women standing there, Mrs. Evitt wrapped in a waterproof, Mrs. Rawl»r in a yellow cotton dressing-gown of antiquated fashion, both with scared faces and disheveBed hair. A£r. Desrolles was the coolest of the trio, but even his countenance had a ghastly look in the light of the guttering candle, wliich Jack had set down on the little table outside the bed room door. They told him, breathlessly, what bad hap pened. 44 Is she dead f' lie asked. 44 Go in and look," said Mrs. Evitt, 44 1 dared not go a-nigh her."' The policeman went in, lantern in hand, » monument of stolid calm, amidst the terror of the scene. Little need to ask if she were dead. That awful face upon tbe pillow, those glazed e\es with their wide stare of horror, that gaping wound in the full white throat, from wliich the life blood had poured in a crimson stream across tbe white couuterpone, until it made a dark pool across the bed, all told their own tale. 44 She must have been dead for an hour and more," said the polibetaan, touching the marble hand. La Chicot's hand and arm were flung afoove her head, as if she had known what was coming, and had tried to clutch the bell pull behind her. The other hand was tightly clenched, as in the last convulsion. "There'll have to be an inquest," said The policeman, after he had examined the windo w, and looked out to see if the room was easi «v accessible from witffout. " Somebody h.i better go for a doctor. I'll go myself. Then.- A a surgeon at the corner of the next street-4, Who is she, and how did it happen." Mrs. Evitt, in a torrent of words, told hizLv all she know, and all she suspected. It was her husband that had done it she was sure. Why V naked the policeman. Who else should it be? It ccuHnt be burglars. You saw youraelf thfit the wind<v wo listened inside. She'd no valuables to temj«t anyone. Ught come light wa. her motto, poor thin?. Her money wc-nt fast as it came, and if it wasn't him as did it, why haven't he come back ?" The policeman asked what she meant by this, whereupon Desrolles told him of Mr. Chicot's disappearance. 44 1 must say that it looks fishy," concluded the second-floor lodger... 4 I don't want to breathe a word against a man I like, but it looks fishy. He went cut twenty minutes ago to look for a policeman, and he nasn t come back yet." 44 Xo, nor never -will." said Mrs. Eawber, who was sitting cgi the stairs shivering, afraid to'go back to her bedroom. That ground floor bedroom of hers was a dismal place at the Ijpst of times overshadowed bv the wall of the yard, and made dark and damp by a protruding cistern, but how would it seem to her now when the house was made horrible by murder ? 44 Do you know what time it was when the husband gave the alarm ?" asked the police man. ' Xot more than twenty minutes ago." 44 Any of you got a watch v Desrolles shrugged his shoulders. Mrs. Evitt murmured something about her poor husband's watch, which had been a good one in its time, till one of the hands broke short off and the works went wrong. Mrs. Bawberhad a clock on her bedroom mantelpiece, and had noticed the time when that awful cry waked her, scared as she was. It was ten minutes after three. "And now it wants twenty to four," said the sergeant, looking at his watch. 44 If the husband did it he-must have done it a good hour before he gave the alarm, at least that's my opinion. We shall hear what the doctor says ; I'll go and fetch him. Xow, look here, my good people : if you value your own cha racters you'll none of you attempt to leave tins house to-night. Your evidence will be wanted at the inquest to-morrow,' and the quieter and closer you keep yourselves mean while the safer for you." 44 1 shall go back to bed," said Desrolles, 44 as I dou't see my way to being of any use." 44 That's the best thing you can do," said the sergeant; approvingly ; 44 and you, ma'am," ho added turning to IMrs. Eawber, 44 had bet ter follow the gentleman's example/ ZVTrs. Eawber felt as if her bedroom would be peopled with ghosts, but did not like to give utterance to her fears. 44 I'll go down and set a light to my parlor fire, and ml myself a wine glass full of some thing warm," she said. 44 1, chilled to the marrow of my bones." 44 You, ma'am, had better wait up here till I come back with a doctor," said the police man. Desrolles had returned to his room by this time. Mrs. Eawber went downstairs with the policeman, glad of his company so far. He waited politely while she struck a lucifcr and lighted her candle, and then he hurried off to find the doctor. "There's company in a fire," mused Mrs. Eawber, as she groped for wood and paper in the bottom of a cupboard not wholly innocent of black beetles. There was company in a glass of hot gin and water too, by-and-bye, when the tiny kettle had been coaxed into a boil. Mrs. Eawber was a temperate woman, but she liked what she called her 44 little comforts," and an occa sional glass of gin and water was one of them. 44 It's very hard upon me," she said to her self, thinking of the dreadful deed that had been done up-stairs ; 44 the rooms suit me, and I'm used to them ; and yet I believe I shall have to go. I shall fancy the place is haunted." She glanced round over her shoulder, fearful lest she should see La Chicot in her awful beauty — a marble face, a blood-stained throat, and glassy eyes regarding her with an awful store. 44 1 shall have to leave," thought Mrs. Eawber. Meanwhile Mrs. Evitt; was alone upstairs. She was a ghoul-like woman, for whom horrors were not without a ghastly relish. She liked to visit in the house of death, to sit beside the winter fire with a batch of gossips, consuming tea and toast, dwelling on the details of a last illness, or discussing the order of a funeral. She had a dreadful courage that Ci'.mu of familiarity with death. She took up the candle, and went in alone and nnappalled to look at La Chicot. 44 How tight that hand is clenched," she said to herself; 44 1 wonder whether there's anything in it." She forced back the' stiffening fingers, and with the candle held close, bent down to peer into tbe marble palm. In the hollow of that dead hand she found a little tuft of iron- grey hair, which looked as if it had been torn from a man's head. itrs. Evitt drew the hairs from the dead hand, and with a careful precision laid them in an old letter which she took from her pocket, and folded up the letter into a neat little packet, which she returned to the same calico receptacle for heterogeneous articles. 44 What a turn it has given mc," she' said to herself, stealing back to the landing, her pet ticoat lifted lest she should disturb that dread ful pool beside tbe bed. The expression of her face had altered since she entered the room. There was a new in telligence in her dull grey eyes. Her counten ance and bearing were 03 of one whose mind is charged with the weight of an awful secret. The surgeon came, an elderly man, who lived close at hand, and was experienced in the ways of that doubtful sectiou of society which inhabited the neighborhood of Gibber- street. In his opinion La Chicot had been dead tbree hours. It was now on the stroke of four. One o'clock must, therefore, have been the time of the murder. The police sergeant came back in company with a man in plain clothes, and these two made a careful examination of the premises toetlier, the result of which inspection went to show that it would have #been extremely difficult for any one to enter the house from the back. The front door was left on the latch all night, and had been for tbe l.ast eleven veora and do harm had ever come of it, Mrs. Evitt declared, plaintively. It was a Chubb lock, and she didn't believe there was another like it in all London. The man in plain clothes committed himself to no opinion, nor did he enter upon any dis cussion as to the motive of a crime apparently so motiveless. He made bis notes of the plain facts of the case, and went away with the sergeant. 44 What am I to do about laying hc-r out," asked Mrs. Evitt of the doctor. 44 I wouldn't Jay a finger uj>on her for a hundred pounds." 44 TU send round a nurse from tbe work house," said the drx-tor, after a moment's thought. 44 They're not easily scared." Half-on-hour later the workhouse nurse came, a tall, bony woman, who executed her horrible task in a business-like manner, whieli testified to the strength of her nerve iind the variety of her experience. By five o'clock in the moming all was done, and La Chicot lav with meekly folded hands : under clean white linen — the heavy lids cl«>sed for ever on the once lovely eve., the raven hair parted on the classic brow. 4 She's the handsomest corpse I've laid out for the last ten years/' said the nurse, " and I think she does ine credit. If you've got a kettle on the boil, mum, and can give men cup of tea, I shall be thankful for it ; ai.i I think a teasuoonful of sptrrits in it would d.; me good. I've been up ali night with a fractious pauper in the smallpox wjirri." " Oil, lor," cried Mr. Evitt, with an alarmed countenance. You've been vaccinated, of course mum/'' said the nurse cheerfully. 4 1'ou dvr/t belong s to none of them radical anti- vaccinationist, I I'm' sure. And as to catching complaints of that kind, mum, its only your pore-spirited, nervous people as does it. I ncve'r have no pity for such weak mortals. I look down on ;.'«aa too much." 