[?] A sew Presbyterian Church was opened on Tuesday last, at Mossvale, by the Rev. Dr. Steel, of Sydney. On Sunday morning, the teachers and scholars attending St. Clement's Sunday school, Yass, presented tie Rev. Mr. Yarrington with a handsome electro ulate flower stand, on the occasion of his intended de parture for West Maitland. It may not be generally known that the average rent of the runs under lease in the pastoral districts of the colony, according to the last return, is 15e. 8d. per square mile; or, at the rate of a trifle over id. per acre, the actual figures being decimal '29 of a penny. Is the Supreme Court, on Tuesday, their Honors the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Hargrave, and Mr. Justice Faucett, resumed and concluded the hearing of the appeal in Equity ' Lloyd and another v. Vickery.' After the arguments, which lasted ten days, the Court reserved judgment. The undermentioned officers of police were on Wed nesday appointed, at a meeting of justices held for the purpose, at the Central Police Office, to collect the electoral rolls for the year 1880 : — West Sydney, Sub inspector Anderson;* East Sydney, Sub-inspector Johnston ; Paddington, Sub-inspector Waters ; Canter bury, Sub-inspector Rush ; Newtown, Sergeant Mac namara ; Glebe, Sergeant Boyd ; and St. Leonards, Constable Abercrombie. A correspondent sent us the following telegram from Bombala on Tuesday : — 'A large and enthusiastic meeting wa6 held here this afternoon, and unanimously agreed to send in future all wool and other produce via Eden to Sydney, and to instruct Sydney agents to ship all goods for Bombala and the intermediate dis trict to the same port. A resolution to that effect was adopted and signed by nearly fifty shippers in the room, and it i6 expected that the whole district will come in with the same views. A firm determination was expressed to make Eden the port of the district.' The Anglo-Israel Association of N. S. Wales held its. annual general meeting in the New Temperance Hall on Monday night, but the attendance was extremely limited. The first annual report of the society was read and unanimously adopted. The following gentle men were elected officers: — President, Rev. W. All worth; vice-president, Rev. H. C. Burnell; hon. secretary, Mr. Percy E. Williams; hon. treasurer, Mr. C. G. L. Boyce ; and committee — Messrs. Alexander Gordon, George Camphing, John Davis, A. E. Evans, and Thomas Owen. After the President had offered up prayer the meeting terminated. Mrs. Suttor, widow of the late Mr. W. H. Suttor, and mother of the Hon. F. B. Suttor, Minister of Justice, died suddenly at Alloway Bank, on Saturday. Respecting this sad event, our correspondent at Bathurst telegraphs: — 'The deceased had been in her usual health that morning, bnt was seized with apoplexy about 9 a.m., and never recovered. Several of her relations had gone to Sydney to spend the holidays, when they were recalled by the sad news. The funeral took place this (Monday) morning, the remains being interred in the Church of England Cemetery at Kelso. She was beloved by the tenantry, and her kindness to the poor will make her loss much felt.' Ovev the grave in the Dubbo cemetery where rest the remains of Senior-sergeant Thomas Wallings, who was shot dead by the bushranger George Gibson, alias Law, while a detachment of police from Dubbo were endeavouring to apprehend him near the Queensland bor der, the Government have had erected a neatly designed freestone column or monument, bearing the following inscription: — ' Thomas Wallings, senior-sergeant in the police. Many years a faithful public servant. He was shot dead whilst in the execution of his duty at Won bobbie, on the 20th September, 1878. Aged 40 year-3. This memorial was erected by the Government of New South Wales.' We notice that the Port Jackson Swimming Club, at Foley'e Baths, Woolloomooloo, has commenced operations. Lieutenant Von Hammer, well known for his proficiency in the art of swimming, has been appointed swimming master to the club, and he will be assisted by several members of the club, who have volunteered their services to assist beginners. Con sidering the fondness of the people of Sydney for aquatic sports and the immense benefit it would be in case of accident to possess the power of swimming, and thereby save possibly not only one*6 own life but the lives of others, the Port Jackson Swimming Club ought to be one of the most popular institutions of the city. The following letter has been, forwarded to us by Mr. David Buchanan, JSI.L.A. : — ' 10, Downing-street, Whitehall. November 5, 1879. Sir, — Lord Beacons field has received your letter of the 29th August last, respecting the disallowance of a Divorce Bill intro duced by you and passed by the Legislature of New South Wales. In reply, he desires me to inform you that the despatches of Sir Michael Beach, No. 40, 15th July, 1878, and No. 102 o£ 25th June last, express the opinion of her Majesty's Government upon the subject, and Lord Beaconsfield does not see that he can at present add anything to the decision therein conveyed. — I am, sir, vour obedient servant, J. F. Daly.' The Forbes Times contains the following : ? *? A gentleman who came up from the Lower Lachlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passengers was a young man, 22 years of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous lan guage, very much to the annoyance of his fellow travel lers. Upon being reproved and questioned, as to why he made use of such terms so irreverently he 6eemed surprised, and ultimately admitted that he only knew the words 'God,' 'Jesus Christ,' 'Holy Ghost,' as terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made him, had not the remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignor ance on all suchmattere.' A^ new crime has cropped up in the Burrowa district. The News says : — ' Lately, a large number of sheep have been most mysteriously and feloniously shorn about here. About ten days ago the police re ceived information that seventy-four sheep had been stolen from a settler named Mrs. Corcoran, near Burrowa. On searching a suspected place the police found a newly shorn lamb, hidden under a cask, j and about seventy shorn sheep blocked in a paddock] but no wool. On Wednesday morning, at half- past 3, ! senior-sergeant nitch and constable Chappie found a ; pack of wool of about thirty-five sheep hidden in a paddock at an equal distance from the resideucu or the I suspected people. Both were arrested.' I The Orient, the largest vessel that has yet visited Port I Jackson, arrived on Saturday morning,' and thus com I pleted her maiden voyage. The flag of the Orient I Steamship Company has been for some time familiar I in these waters, as flying over such magnificent steam- I ships as the Cuzco, Chimborazo, Lusitania, &c;, and the I latest newcomer, which is the largest of the conioany's I fleet, and indeed is claimed to be the second largest I vessel in the world, will increase public interest in°the I fleet of vessels of the line to which she belongs. She I was built specially for the Australian trade, and like I her sisters, will make Sydney the terminal rjort a I detailed and lengthy description of this nobJe vessel appears in our shipping columns. At the late election for East Sydney, it was aliened that there was a considerable amount of personation practised. Those entrusted with the duty or! checking this kind of thing were very vigilant, however ; and several persons were given into custody, charged with the offence. Three persons — James Singleton, Horace Dixon, and a youth — were charged, at the Central Police Court, on Tuesday, with having attempted to personate electors. Singleton and Dixon were com mitted for trial at the Quarter Sessions, bail being allowed. The third person, who had attempted to personate his father, was, on. consideration oil his youth, and the fact that he had been instigated to commit the offence by some one who ought to have known better, discharged with an admonition. ? On Wednesday the cases of the condemned criminals j concerned in the Wantabadgery bushranging outrages were considered by the Executive Council ; and it was ' decided that the law must take its course with regard j to Scott and Rogan — but the death penalty in the cases I of Williams and Bennett, the two younger prisoners, I has been commuted to imprisonment for life, the first ! three years in irons. We understand that the commu- i tation of sentence has been conceded on the grounds of youth, that thiB was the prisoners' first crime, that their conduct previously had been good, and that there were reasons for believing that they were inveigled by Scott into a course of criminality. The sentence of the law is to be carried out on the 20th or January next. The free breakfast to the homeless and friendless children of the city, which was advertised in the daily Press to be given in the Exhibition Grounds on Christmas Day, did not attract so many of the juveniles as was expected by those -who gave their time and money in behalf of the object. It appears that tables were laid for 500 young people, whereas only 120 presented themselves and partook of the treat. Some of the lads were evidently of the extreme poor, for their clothes were rags and tatters ; but the girls were for the most part clean and neatly dressed. After singing a verse of a hymn, and a short prayer being said, the children were served to a hearty meal, and each little one took away a packet of sweetmeats and cake. The sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions were resumed at the Courthouse, Darlinghurst, on Afonday, before his Honor Judge Wilkinson. Mr. Backhouse prosecuted for the Crown. A young man, named George Henry Wood, was found guilty of being on the premises of James Nolan, Erskine- street, with intent to commit a felony, and was sentenced to two years' im- I prisonment with hard labour. Henry Hayek, who had previously been convicted of forgery and uttering, was I sent to Darlinghurst gaol with hard labour for t«ro j years ; while George Arthur Easton, who was found j guilty of receiving a diamond ring, knowing the same j to have been stolen, was sent to gaol for nine months, : with hard labour. John Moore received a sentence of j ten months' imprisonment, for indecent assault. j The sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions were I resumed on Saturday morning, before his Honor Judge Wilkinson. The only case taken was that against a respectable young man named James C. J. Allen, a Sun day-school teacher, who was alleged to have kicked and maltreated one of his scholars, named William Crock ford, 12 years of age. From, the evidence submitted it appeared that the boy Crockford -had given much annoyance to the teachers and the other boys in the school, and that Allen, go far from ill-using the boy, as alleged, merely took the lad by the shoulders and pat him outside the school. The jury, without retiring, returned a verdict of not guilty, and his Honor said j he could not understand, on the evidence before him, I how the prisoner had ever been committed for trial. j On Sunday afternoon a sailing boat was capsized off j Kirribilli Point, and the occupants, three men, were I left struggling in the water. The accident was noticed I by Captain Matbieu, of. the French warship Rhin, who I immediately dispatched his steam launch to the assist- J ance of the unfortunate people. The French sailors I succeeded in rescuing them from what would un- I doubtedly have been a watery grave, and also towed 1 their boat to Fort Macquarie and helped to bale it out. I The owners of the boat did not fail to send their j thanks to Captain Mathieu. We are informed that I this, is the third occasion on which the sailors of the 1 Rhin have distinguished themselves in rescuing persons j from drowning under similar circumstances since they j have been in Port Jackson. I At St. Andrew's Cathedral, on Sunday morning, the j Bishop of Sydney, assisted by the Right Rev. the j Bishop of Northern Queensland, held an ordination j service. After the initiatory hymn had been admirably j sung by an extended choir, the Right Rev. the Bishop j of Northern Queensland delivered an eloquent and 1 impressive sermon or ordination charge; to this fol- I lowed the Litany. The special service set apart for I the making of deacons was then concluded by the I Bishop, and the following gentlemen, introduced I by the Rev. Canon King, were ordained deacons I of the Church. Messrs. Randolph. John Boss I Edwards, Hugh Walker Taylor, Thomas Harrison, and I Alfred George Stoddart. The administration of the I sacrament of the Lord'6 Supper concluded the service. I An extremely large congregation thronged the Cathe- I dral, and the deepest interest was manifested in the pro* I ceedings. j The adjourned fortnightly meeting of the City Coun* I cil was held in the Town Hall on Wednesday morning1, I when the Mayor occupied the chair, and there was a I large attendance of aldermen, and amongst other mat- I ters resolved upon it was decided that a deputation I should wait on the Government to urge the importance I of proceeding with the sewerage in the south-east pov- I tion of the adopted plan, and that the City Engineer be I instructed to make a survey and an estimated cost of a I better system of temporary sewerage to carry off storm I waters into Woolloomooloo Bay. Mr. J. It. Clayton I was appointed to the office of City Treasurer, and the I followin? leases were accepted: — R. Pasniore's, for the I Raniwick tollgate for 1880, for £1445 ; G. 1). Ross's, I for tolls and dues from George-etreet and Bcluioro I markets1, for £3355 ; and M. Dunn's-, for the water fountain at Circular Quay, for £51 12s., in addition to the usual charge for water. The total number of visitor to the Garden Palace en Saturday was 6S7C, which shows a slight fallius off compared with previous Saturdays. Just half 'the period— fix months— during which it is proposed to Jeep the Exhibition open has elapsed, and from the returns furnished by the Superintendent of Ad I Dii66ion6 it appears that the admissions to the Garden Palace, from the 17th September to the 18th December inclusive, reached a total of 462 336 — Tiz»» reason ticket- holders, 39,036 ; general public (adults), 279,455 ; children, 44,950 ; exhibitors aad attendants, 95,018; miscellaneous, 3277. The total revenue account to the 18th instant (inclusive) I vaB £22,302 10s. 8d., of which £20,798 2s. was re ceived on ticket account, and £1504 8s. 8d. on conces sion account These returns are in the opinion of the Executive Commissioner as favourable as had been expected, and he anticipates that the results in regard to attendance and revenue will be fully up to the estimate formed by the Commissioners. Oub obituary column contains the announcement of the death of Mr. Edwin Wildman, who at the time of his decease was chief clerk at the office of the Sydney Morning Herald. Mr. Wildman's con I nection with, that journal ranged over a period of forty years. He worked for a portion of that I time ao a compositor, and in 1850 he succeeded I to the position which he held with extreme fidelity to \ his employers, by whom he wa6 highly esteemed, I up to the time of his death. In the course of his I duties he was necessarily brought into contact with a I large number of persons, who, we feel assured, will as I readily testify to his strict business rules and the I urbanity of his disposition as we do. Mr. Wildman I was a man of simple and frugal habits, of a lively and I genial temperament, and perhaps there are few, if any, I whose adhesion to their employment was more con I etant and untiring. Though he had been suffering for I some time, his death was not anticipated. Mr. Wild I man was C4 years of age. I An unusual amount of steam chipping arrived in, I and departed from, the waters of Port Jackson during I Saturday and Sunday last. There is certainly no pre I TJous record of such a large amount of tonnage coming I and going within the period named. The arrivals I comprise the Orient (s.), from London ; the steamships I Ly-ee-Moon, Cheviot, and Hero, from Melbourne ; I Derwent and Balclutha, from Queensland; Beagle, I Queensland, Lubra, Richmond, Ne Oblie, Diamantina, I and New England, from the Northern ports of this I colony, making up a total of 12,072 gross tons, of I which 5384 is from London, 3413 from Melbourne, I 934 from Queensland, 2341 from the Northern ports of I this colony, exclusive of Newcastle steamers. The I departures comprise the Aconcagua, for London; I Eatoomba, Leura, for Melbourne ; Tasman, for Hobart I Town; Elamang, for Brisbane; City of. Grafton, for I Grafton, making a total of 8530 tons gross. And on I Monday, in addition to other steam vessels, the San I Francisco mail boat arrived. Sailing ships threaten to I become obsolete at an early date. I As amusing instance of a successful attempt to I evade the payment of Customs dues (says the Albury I Banner) occurred a few days since. A Chinaman, I residing on the Victorian side of the river, but anxious I to avail himself of the beneiits arising from the free I trade tariff of New South Wales in certain contemplated I purchases of soft goods, came over to Albury and in I vested in two complete suits of clothing, from the shirt I outwards, and one hat. Having purchased the articles I ho coolly proceeded to the back oE the store where he I bad bought them and arrayed himseli' in the entire rig I out — two new shirts, two pairs of trousers, two waist I coats, and two coats, finally dragging over the lot the I well-worn habiliments in which he had arrived. The I storekeeper expressing a little mild surprise at a pro I cecding which resulted in transforming the Chinaman I from a rather lean scarecrow into the semblance of an I Asiatic Daniel Lambert, John replied, ' All lite ! All I lite ! Custom-house no catchce now ! ' and went on I his way rejoicing at the prospect of defrauding the I Victorian revenue to the extent of some twenty I shillings. I A well-attended meeting of the committee of I gentlemen appointed to take steps to resist the with I drawal of State-aid from Church of England schools, I wan held on Monday, at the Church Society's House, I Phillip- street, Sydney. The Bishop of Sydney pre I aided. The speakers manifested great earnestness in I the subject, and much deliberation took place as to I the best means to adopt to give effect to the I object in view. A sub- committee was appointed to I draw up petitions, which will be sent to every I parish in the colony for signature. The principal ? speakers gave 6trong reasons why the 26th clause of I the Public Instruction Bill should be omitted until I the country had an opportunity of deciding the ques ? tion at a general election. It is believed, too, that a I large number of members of the Assembly were re I turned to uphold the present Public Schools Act, and it I remains to be seen how they will fulfil their I pledges. It was again pointed out how admirably I conducted the Cnurch of England schools are. Besides I those highly efficient ones in Sydney, a delegate from I farramatta said that St. John's school, in that town, I had cost upwards of £2000, and the education there I imparted was reported by the inspector as first-class. I The meeting was then adjourned for one week. I A special session of the Grand Lodge of New South ? Wales I.O.G. Templars was held on Saturday evening, ? in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, under the presi ? dency of Mr. E. A. Jones, G.W.C.T. There was a I good attendance of members of the Grand Lodge, and I after the formal opening, when the lodge was reduced I to the subordinate degree, a lai-ge number of members ? of the subordinate lodge attended. The special busi ? ness which caused the meeting to be summoned was to I consider the action of the Loyal Gladstone Lodge in ? refusing to abide by the decision of the G.W.C.T., in ? «n appeal from the action of that lodge in a ? case which come before them. The lodge having, ? however, surrendered its charter before the meeting, ? nothing remained but to confirm the decision of the I G.W.C.T., which was done by a unanimous vote. I Applications from two members of the lodge referred I to for documents having the same effect as clearance ? cards were refused. One of the members of the Glad ? stone Lodge having held a seat on the Executive Com ? ttitteeof the Grand Lodge, a vacancy was caused by ? the surrender of the charter, the filling up of which ? »as unanimously left to the council itself. The Grand ? -Lodge adjourned at 10.45 p.m., to meet for the annual ? session on Good Friday next, in Newcastle. I i^B.z ktest addition to our places of amusement is ? the little theatre erected by Messrs. Kelly and Leon, in ? *«ig-?treet, near York-street, and, as it is to be formally ? «pentd on Losing Night, a brief description of it may well be given. It is built of brick, roofed with gal vanized iron, and the architects, Messrs. Backhouse and Son6, seem to have made excellent provision for venti lation and for escape in case of fire, since the walls are fairly honeycombed with ventilators, and there are five modes of exit from the first floor, and two from the dress circle. Fire will, not occur very easily. The six shops which occupy the ground-floor are roofed with brick arches, and these again are covered with cement, over which the floor of the theatre is laid. The proscenium is of brick, and, with the exception of that in the Princess Theatre, Sand hurst, is the only one built of that material. The par titions between the private boxes, of which there are three on each side of the 6tege, and those between the dressing-rooms, are also of brick, and, as the scenery is all to be lireproof, danger is reduced to a mini mum. The auditorium measures 92-J- feet by 55^ feet, and the stage is 32J feet by 52£ feet. There will be no gallery, consequently there will be less noise than is usual in a theatre. The dress circle has this advantage, that the stage can be seen from every seat in it. The theatre, which, when opened, will have cost about £5000, will hold about 1100 people, and was commenced little more than three months ago. Two undoubted cases of leprosy were discovered on 18th instant, in a house off Botany Road, Waterloo, and one of the victims' died from the effects of an overdose of opium taken by himself. The unfortunate creatures — the dead man and the living one — are Chinese, and lived in a hut alone. They must have been suffering from the disease for some time past, as the dead man's case was, as far as we can learn, a very bad one; but the surviving unfortunate is not so seriously affected. How the matter was found out was through some other Chinamen informing the police on the day above stated. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon stops were taken to isolate the hut, and prevent any one but the doctors from either going to or leaving it — in fact it has been strictly quarantined ever since. We believe that the man at present suffering from the disease will be removed to an isolated locality somewhere near La Perouse. Round about the neighbourhood the discovery has created great alarm, but it might be well to point out that opinions of authorities upon this disease differ as to whether it is infectious or not. The last report on the leper asylum at Mahaica, British Guiana, which has been recently received by the Government from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, represents that the disease can only be spread by its transmission from parents to their offspring. The following is the official report of the case to the Coroner on 19th instant : — ' Sergeant Brad well, stationed at Waterloo, reported to the Coroner that about 2 o'clock on Thursday afternoon a Chinaman, named Wong Hum, 48 years of age, and residing off Botany Road, Waterloo, suffering from leprosy, died at the residence, as above, supposed from the effects of poison Drs. Halkett and Egan were in attendance for some time previous to his death.' A case of some interest was heard in the Mel bourne County Court (says the Age), before a special jury. A young lady named Teresa Glazier sued the Bev. Father Horan, Boman Catholic clergyman at Heidelberg, claiming £50 damages for an assault said to have been committed on her at Heidelberg, on the evening of the Prince of Wales' birthday. The plain tin's evidence was to the effect that she was, on the day in question, in the road watching some fireworks, when she eaw the defendant go up to a young man named John Woods, and strike him on the head with a stick. Seeing that he was about to repeat the blow she laid hold of his arm and said, ' Don't strike the boy.' The defendant then turned upon her, and struck her a severe blow on her head. He was about to strike her again, but a gentleman prevented him. Dr. Heffernan proved that ho attended Hiss Glazier for three weeks for a wound on her head, that might have been inflicted by a stick that was produced. She had a large blood tumour, a black eye, and Buffered from a general shock to the system. Evidence was given by John Wood, his father, mother, and sister, who stated that they witnessed the assault as described. For the defence Father Horan said that he was returning home with a friend, and on passing Wood's house ho saw a crowd of people in the street Some crackers were thrown in his face, and a man came up to him, when he struck out with his stick in defence. He denied striking plaintiff, but said that he hit the lad twice, once on his stick, and the second time on the shoulder. Mr. Redmond Power, a bank clerk, said ho was walking with Father Horan. They did nothing to cause any offence ; but some crackers were thrown in his face, and a man called him a « ? priest,' on which he took his stick and let out at the people all round. There was a crowd of people, men, women, and children, but it was so dark he could not recognize any one. The jury, after a few minutes' consultation, returned a verdict for the full amount claimed, costs to be taxed by the Registrar. A public meeting on behalf of the Church of England Loan Fund was held in St. James' schoolroom on 18th instant. His Honor Sir William Manning presided, and the Bishop of Sydney and the Bishop of Northern Queensland, together with an influential though not large attendance, were also present. His Honor ex plained the purpose for which they had met and then called upon the Bishop of Sydney, who moved the first resolution as followB: — 'That, in order to meet the spiritual wants of many members of the Church of England, and to bring the ordinances of religion within the reach of our large and rapidly increasing population, it is imperative that there be an immediate increase in the number of our churches.' The motion was seconded by Mr. Thomas Robertson, and carried unanimously. The Rev. W, J. E. Piddington moved the second resolution, as follows : ' That this meeting, approving the principles and plans of the Church Buildings' Loan Fund as being well adapted to stimulate and assist efforts for the erection of additional churches, parsonages, and school houses, pledges itself to give that fund its cordial and liberal support.' The motion was duly seconded, was supported by Mr. T. A. Dibbs and the Bishop of Northern Queensland, and carried unanimously. The Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney moved the third resolution : — ' That this meet ing desires to express its satisfaction at the establish ment of the Church Building Loan Fund in grateful recognition of the great and numerous benefits be stowed by Almighty God upon the Church of England in tiiis colony un-Jer the episcopate of the present Bishop of Sydney during the last twenty-five years.' Thelmotion was seconded by Mr. Alexander Gordon, and canfied unanimously. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman, and the benediction. /Ox Monday evening, a farewell meeting of Pastor Chiniquy and his friends was held in the Protestant Hall. About five hundred persons were present. The Hon. W. J. foster, M.L.C., preeided ; and on the platform, besides Pastor Chiniquy, were the Revs. G. Sutherland, S. Wilkinson, C. Stewart, J. D. Murray, D. Galloway, Pastor Allen, Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, Mr. H. Hicks (Grand Master of the Orange Order), and Mr. Lester, J.P. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Rev. S. Wilkinson, after which the Rev. G. Sutherland read portions of Scripture. Another hymn having been sung, the chairman delivered a brief address. The Rev. G. Sutherland, on behalf of the committee, then read an address to Pastor Chiniquy, acknowledging the remarkable energy, courage, and perseverance with which he had traversed the colonies, fearlessly exposing the corruptions, superstitions, and idolatries of Papal Rome, and arousing and stimulating Protestants to a sense of their privileges, dangers, and duties. Many conversions of Roman Catholics were said to have resulted from the Pastors' visit to the colonies, and undyingmemories of Australian friendships would be carried by him to the other side of the world. In conclusion the address expressed ? the hope that he would have a safe journey to his home. Pastor Chiniquy replied to the address, and adverted at some length to parts of his work while in Australia. He had travelled 10,875 miles, delivered 230 addresses, preached 120 sermons, and published a variety of pam phlets numbering 113,000 copies in alL Though he had been no beggar, he had received for his mission in America— £2200 from New South Wales, £800 from Queensland, £790 from Victoria, £300 from South Australia, and £700 from Tasmania— in all, £4790. (Cheers.) He heartily thanked the Rev G. Sutherland, Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, and other Protestant ministers, the Orangemen, and Mr. Lutton for the help they had given him in his work. Having men tioned that he intended labouring for some time in New Zealand, he again thanked the meeting, and bade his friends farewell. On the motion of the Rev. G. Suther land, seconded by the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, the meeting adopted the address as their expression of esteem for Pastor Chiniquy. A Nisrr.Kn of gentlemen favourable to a compliment ary ball being tendered to Captain Mathieu, of the French warship Rhin, met at the instance of his Worship the Mayor, in the Town Hall, on Tuesday afternoon. The Mayor occupied the chair, and amongst those present were Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Alder men Hordern and Hardie, and Mr. P. A. Jennings, Executive Commissioner to the International Exhibi tion. Several aldermen sent letters explaining that business engagements prevented their attendance at the meeting, and expressing their cordial approval of the object in view. The Mayor having intimated the sub ject the meeting would have to deal with, Mr. Jen nings pointed out that France was the first nation to accept an invitation to display its wares at the Exhibi tion, and that through Captain Mathieu, its excellent representative here, it had not only presented some of its art treasures to the citizens, but had acted in a most complimentary manner towards the colony generally. In honouring Captain Mathieu the citizens would be honouring the French nation, and he would propose that th9 sugges tion to tender a ball to Captain Mathieu be affirmed. The proposal was seconded by Mr. Levy, and unani mously agreed to, and the Mayor then, in Teply to an interrogation from one of the aldermen present, ex plained that it was intended to invite the officers of the Rhin to attend the ball as guests. Mr. O'Connor said that Captain Mathieu's efforts in connection with his visit here had gone far to establish a lasting amity between France and New South Wales, and that per sonally the gallant captain had taken great interest in the affairs of the colony., and had been desirous of making many Mends here. It was to bo hoped snch a man's friendship would not be forgotten easily, and that his hospitality would be reciprocated in the manner for which the Sydney people were conspicuous. On his motion it was resolved that those present should be constituted a committee for giving effect to Mr. Jennings's resolution. It was next decided to hold the ball on Tuesday, January 27, after which the com mittee elected Mr. O'Connor and Alderman Hardie their hon. secretaries, Mr. G. A. Hewett, business secretary, and Mr. Montagu Levy, treasurer. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the Mayor, who in return expressed his satisfaction that the citizens were to be called upon to honour a man whose appointment was creditable to the nation he represented and highly complimentary to the colony it had honoured. Stephen Henry Dent, lately in the service of the Sydney Municipal Council as paymaster, was charged at the Central Police Office, on Wednesday, with having, on -l:e (ith July, stolen the sum of £10, the money of the 3Jnyor, Aldermen, and citizens of the city of Sydney. Mr. lingers conducted Ihe prosecution and Mr. F. Gannon ap peared on behalf of the accused. Edward Lord, city treas uver, deposed that in the month of July, in the year 1875, Ihe person before the Court was paymaster under the Cor poration ; he produced a book called the ' Water Journal,' kept by defendant, on page 145 of which is an entry of £3 3s., duo to Thomas Berry, for lowering a main, which sum is also mentioned in the pay-sheet, including also a number of other sums to be paid, amounting iu the whole to £220 7s. lid. ; the same item is contained in the abstract, laid before the Finance Commit tee, of the weekly pay-sheet, but instead of £3 3s. the sum against it is £13 3s., and the total amount£230 7s. lid ; this iibsti act, having been initialed by several members of the Finance Committee, was witness's authority for draw ing- :x cheque, signed also by the Mayor, as chairman of the committee, for the sum named, £230 7s. lid., which on the !*lh July, 1875, lie handed to the defendant, who gave his receipt therefor. By Mr. Gannon : Was not prepared to swear that the sum of £3 3s., in the pay-sheet, refers to the Rome transaction as the £13 3s., in the abstract. Re examined : The abstract is not submitted to the auditors, but defendant's receipts to witness are placed before them ; defendant bad possession of the abstract between the time of approval by the Finance Committee until it came into witness's hands, .Richard Seymour, Inspector of Nuis ;mi:i s, witnessed the payment by defendant to a man named Berry of the sum of £3 Ss. ; he bad no recollection of the circumstance, but having inference to an entrance in the ?? fjaugi.Ts' Bool;,' to which bis name is signed as witness to ihe payment, lie is able to say that that sum was paid; def- ndant )::.i.(3c(i ibe money to witness, and witness passed it to Berry. James Sutton, storekeeper in the employ of ilio Sydney Corpomtion, deposed that he remembered a man ntiiiK/d Bony who. in the year 1875. was a gauger under Mr. Ilinrhey: Mr. Rinchcy is dead, and he believes that Berry al&o; is dead, not having seen or heard of him for some years. Mr. Gannon submitted that tin* jjrosei-ution liaviDg failed to show any connection between the £3 3s. in one document, and the £13 3s. in the other, there was no case* to answer, and that therefore the defendant should be discharged. Mr. Rogers replied. Committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. Bail allowed with two sureties in £20 each. Two other like cuogct- stand over until Tuesday next. 