THE CELEBRATIONS. Our friends through the colony, in tho other colonies, and also in England, will be glad to hear that the 12 th July cele brations this year have been an unquali- fied success, and more demonstrative of influence and acceptance among the. public than ever before. The proof was brought before the eyes of Sydney that the Orange Institution is riot a trifle, as many would wish to regard it. Nor is it an affair of the riff raff and the uninfluential, as some others would wish to believe. And' still less is it an affair of pleasuring and riot ing, as its enemies are always endeavour ing to insinuate when an opportunity offers itself. A collection of more sober, intelligent and deserving, people could not be brought together than that which: filled the great Exhibition Building on Sunday afternoon last to engage in reli gious service, and filled again the same building, on Monday evening, to listen to speeches and enjoy the innocent and elevating influence of good music. Such celebrations were not always possible. Yeais ago a very small room indeed held all . the men in the city who were prepared to avow the principles of the Orange Institution. They used to meet in secret., It was dangerous for them to. meet at all. The owners of rooms though t twice about proposals for their hire for a night. They used to request that their property should riot be dam aged! And the speeches and the singing needed to be gone through with closed doors, . lest the . . ubiquitous and thin- skinned Papist should : take offence and kick up a row- Those who remember the days of which we speak, will remember also by what means the Orange Institu tion. sought to make known the true nature of its object and principles, and they will testify with gratitude that the extension of that knowledge by. means of lectures and speeches and the pages of this journal, the Protestant Standard, the Orange Institution has gradually grown in favour and in power, and never once has the character of the Institution been com- ptromised or endangered by any doubtful conduct whatever. Uniformly it has stood on the side of law and order ; and never has its influence been exercised but in constitutional ways, and in favour of public liberty. We, know that :old slanders still survive about the " evils of Orangeism." We know that the vile reports of the priests, about Orangemen ." walking up to their knees in Papist's blood," are not yet wholly discredited. Wo know that every possible reproach which can be brought from Ireland is carefully flung in the face of Orangeism, to . prejudice the public mind against even its name. Like scaro crows of old clothes and old hats, on fields, the . terrible doings of Orangemen have been lifted, up, to frighten the weak arid timid of New South Wales! Frightful stories have been told of bogies, ghosts, and wild creatures with tails, so that: the young might look upon Orangemen as monsters that ought to be suffocated. AH these means are employed still in the, country parts, so that old women and chil- dren may bo .terrified when they hear that ari Orange lodge is about to be opened in their , 'midst. But in Sydney and in every interior town where , a lodge . has been; opened, the Orange Institution has given as aii answer to all this " devising cf the enemy " come and see ;" recall our history; see our conduct; judge of our principles by our. obedience to the laws arid our good order ;" — and the fact is now, what is very gratifying, and quite satis factory, that the public have the witness before them that our enemies are liars and slanderers, V" - Compare what has. been seen, in Sydney within the last few days, and indeed since Chiniquy arrived, with what has, taken place in Victoria and, more recently, , in Hobart Town, in . connection with the same Chiniquy ; and two things will be observed as very obvious. The first is this — Orangeism is strong in Sydney ; therefore our Protestant meetings, addressed by Chiniquy and others, are held in peace ; but in Horsham and Ballarat and Hobart Town, Orangeism is weak, and therefore Protestant meetings are scarcely per mitted, and Chiniquy is hunted and threatened and injured as if he were scarcely deserving to live. There is no doubt about this fact. It is plain, as if written with a sunbeam ; and neither, tlie special pleaders of Papists, nor the milk and water charitable Protestants will dare deny it. Not a sound — not a throat— not a mutter in Sydhey, when Ohiniquy, Or any other Protestant lectures in Sydney, because Orangeism , is strong ; but in Hobart Town, where Orangeism is wedh, or scarcely organized, Chiniquy dare riot show himself without the risk of a wouml, nor lectui-e but belund loaded muskets, because of the infuriated piety of the Papists! But the second ihmg which we notice is— Orangeism is 'strong in Svdnev. but not a single Pdjpist is injurred or threatened or interfered With thereby. We wish our Government and officials " and politicians to notice this. If the Orange Institution were, in any respect, what its enemies irisinuate or strenuously affirm, it is just in Sydney, where it is strong, that it, would threaten Papists, interfere with their meetings, attack their convents, break open their nunrieries, disturb their worships, arid mob their violent preachers .who, from' their pulpits, pour out their Papal malignity against the Reformers, vilifying in their Sunday harangues, called sermons, all that Protestants hold sacred and dear. But not a shadow of a shade of hostility from tlie Orange Institution against any Papist or priest or lecturer whatever! Never has it used its strength to do violence . to Papists., It gives to Papists the fullest liberty to say what they will, and do what they will, within the terms . of the common law ; and the only thing which it demands is, that on the floor of the House, in the news paper, in the public meeting, and in all contests, there shall be a lair field arid no favour. We regard, then, tlie present celebrations as a demonstration to the whole world, first, that where Orangeism exists civil arid religious liberty will exist ; and, second, where' Orangemen exists, Roman Catholics will be os safe in the enjoyment of that liberty as the Protestants will be. 