'...-.-? THE DIVINE MISSION OF THE EPISCOPATE. PASTORAL LETTER OP THE HIGHT ' ' REV. F. ELZEAR, O.S.F.O., BISHOP OF ARMIDALE. To tlio Clergy and Laity of the Diocese, health and benediction in the Lord. \- Dearly beloved brethren and children in Jesus Christ, — Wo read in Holy Scripturo that as Moses, the Shepherd of Madian, was pasturing his flock amid the solitude and silence of the * plains about Mount Horeb, suddenly a voice ? calling him by narno broke the stillness of the desert. God spoke to him from the midst of a bush that burnt, and was not consumed, and summoned him, the lowly shepherd, to leave his humble occupation and go forth to be tlie leader and guide of the Israelites from the bondage of Egypt. But ' Who am I, O Lord ?' ?wa9 the reply of Moses, as trembling and astonished lie heard the unexpected call, 'who am I, that I should stand before I'haroah and bring forth the children of Israel ?' ' Who am I, that this great mission should be entrusted to me ? Surely they will not believe, nor hear my voice.' Feelings such as these arose in our mind also, dear children in Jesus Christ, when a summons from the Vicar of God upon earth reached us, ?when Ho bade us leave the peaceful retirement of tho cloister, the humble lot of a friar minor, and go forth to be the pastor of your souls, your guide and leader through the manifold dangers of this mortal life to that promised land which our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ purchased for us by the outpouring of His precious blood. We shrank as Moses did from the shadow of a burden too heavy for our feeble strength, and asked with him, ' Who am I, that I should be called to this high office, and invested with this overwhelming woanrmcihilif.v V' '' Who am I. that I should be called to the pclnitudo of the priest hood, to be the ruler and exemplar of thy people ?' But the same God, who strengthened the fainting heart of Moses, and sent him forth with the rod of God in his hand, infused strenglh also into our weakness, and said to us also, ' I ?will be with thee, and thou shalt have a sign that I have sent thee' (Exodus iii., 12), a token that shall make manifest to all. that thou art My chosen one, the lav/fully appointed pastor of a portion of my flock, which from this day for ward, shall belong to thee in mystic _ union, whilst all thy energies and powers, and if need be, thy life also, shall be devoted to its service, for ' the good Shepherd giveth His life for the sheep.' (St. John x., 11.) Re-animated with the divine promise, we too reply, as Moses did, ' behold 1 go.' (Exodus iii., 13.) Seeing it is Thy will, O my God ! I leave the cloister with its many graces, its sweet and hidden joys, I bid farewell to the land of my adoption, endeared to mo by long years of toil for the glory of God, and I come to you, dear children in Jesus Christ, as Moses went to the Israelites of old, to fulfil the will of God, and to carry out His designs for the salvation of your souls. And that you may hear with docility the voice of your new Pastor, who, as Jesus Christ teaches, must go before you, and you, the sheep, must follow in His footsteps (S. John ix., 4), we will explain to you what is the sign with which God has sealed us, that coming into your midst you may recognize in our humble person, your Father, your guide, your master, in the way of Eternal Salvation. ' Thou shalt have a sign that I have sent thee.' This sign, dear children in Jesus Christ, is found in the plenitude of tho priesthood which we have this day received^ and by which we become the dispenser of the Divine o.,^»», ;,?- flin mirlaf. nf vnn. fiq \vp}] ns in the authority appertaining to the Episcopal Office, ?which we have at the same time received from God, through the Church, that we may worthily govern and rule your souls. The Episcopal Office, with the credentials of which we have been invested, and the authority belonging to it, we hold fiwn the Most High, by means of _ His august Vicar upon earth, and hence our ministry is a legitimate one. If it were possible that spiritual power could proceed from an earthly sovereign, however powerful he ni i 'lit be, his delegate could possess but human authority, for how could he who was sent by an earthly potentate be called the Messenger of God ? We have but to consider the nature of the Episcopal Office, and ?we shall clearly understand from whom alone the supernatural powers with which it is invested can proceed. You know well that the external ad . ministration of our holy Religion comprises two parts, perfectly distinct the one from the other. The one consists in prayer and sacrifice offered for the faithful, and in their name ; the other, in instruction in divine mysteries, the word of God preached to the people, and the dispensing to them of the Sacraments. If the Bishop could only offer, as under the ancient law, such humble sacrifice as that of the fruits of the earth, or the firstlings of the flock, in token of homage to our Creator, and depend ence upon Him, then indeed He might be the delegate of an earthly sovereign, commanded to perform such acts of worship in the name of the monarch and his people ; but a Bishop, as the Apostle teaches, is 'tho dispenser of the Mys teries of God.' (I Coi\ iv., I.) His Ministry belongs to a supernatural domain, into which no earthly power can intrude, and deals with trea sures which no human hand can grasp or dispense. His authority is delegated to him from the absolute dominion of Jesus Christ our Lord, and the sacrifice which lie offers for the living and the dead is not that of ' the blood of calves and goats' (Hebrews ix., 12), as in tho ancient dis pensation, it ia the Flesh and Blood of that same innocent Lamb, ' who by tho Holy Spirit offered Himself unspotted unto God ' (Hebrews ix., 14) for the salvation of the lost children of Adam. No human power, Ixow great soevor it may be, can claim the right to dispense the gracea and favouro of heaven ; no nation under the goopel dispenaa ! . tion- can claim, as tho Hobvovs of old could, to be the depository of the revealed truths of God ; no earthly monarch cau assume the right to remit or retain punishment, to absolve or con demn in the spiritual order. It is self-evident that the affair of a world which lies altogether outside and above the domain of created things, cannot be administered by a created power. The sovereignty of this dominion belongs of unalienable light to the Supreme attributes of the Divinity, God alone can bestow His own grace ; God alone can pardon the guilty ; God nlone can dispense His mysteries ; this power is absolutely His, and no man to whom it is not communicated by the express will of the Most High may dare to arrogate it to himself. God alone can put upon the lips of man the word He commissions him to speak to the people in His Name ; God alone can communicate to man the power to dispense Sacraments, which arc the visible signs of the transmission of His grace ; God alone can confer upon man the power of applying to souls the saving effects of the Redemption of His only Son. Jesus Christ Himself chose His apostles, and having done so, bestowed upon them the Holy Ghost, that they might bear to every nation the fruit of sanctifica tion. To the Apostles our Divine Redeemer gave power to guide and rule the faithful, to instruct them, and dispense to them His grace. This power, as St. Augustine says, was continued to the Church by their means, for since all gene rations to the end of time were destined to receive the benefits of the bloody Sacrifice of the Cross, this power could not cease with the death of the Apostles, but passed on to those who took their place. This power, established by Jesus Christ in His Church, was to last as long as tho Church itself should endure ; the Apostles, there fore, chose out men, and by the laying on of hands transmitted to these, their successors, the pastoral authority which they themselves had re ceived, as well as the spiritual graces requisite for the due fulfilment of their ministry. Peter laid his hand upon Matthias, who then received the Holy Ghost, and succeeded to the Apostolate, in the place of the traitor Judas. ' Paul took the place of James, slain by the sword of Herod, and ho again chose Timothy as coadjutor in his apostolic labours, communicating 'to him the same power by the imposition of hands. This same Apostle of the Gentiles, as he returned to the East from Rome, landed on the Island of Crete, and having established a church there, confided the oversight thereof to his well-beloved Titus, to whom he afterwards wrote his marvellous letter on the duty of a Bishop towards his flock, coun selling liim concerning the good government of the faithful committed to his charge. Thus, dear children in Jesus Christ, did the Apostles, re ceiving their mission directly from their divine Master, provide for the succession of their office in the Church, in that regular order which has remained unbroken through the lapse of eighteen centuries, and which will continue unchanged from age to ago, until the Church of the Redeemer has ended its divine mission, and the eternal promise is fulfilled, which tho Word Incarnate gave to His disciples when He sent them out to teach all nations of the earth, ' behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' (St. Matthew xviii. 20.) And, moreover, to preserve intact throughout all ages the integrity of this succession, to prevent the interruption of the direct line of the episcopal ministry amid the vicissitudes of changing generations, and to secure the sheep-fold against the intrusion of hirelings and aliens, claiming falsely the name of pastors, the Divine Redeemer provided for His faithful a certain and infallible sign, that they might without difficulty, and at the first glance, discern in him who is promoted to the dignity of dispenser of the Divine Mysteries and Ruler of souls, the tokens of the messenger oi God, endowed witli tlie faculties requisite for so high a ministry. And whore is his infallible sign, by which wo may clearly discern tho true from the false, and distinguish that which bears the impress of the finger of God from the work of the hand of man ? This sign, dear children in Jesus Christ, is found in the unity of the Church, in the oneness of her teach ing and of her jurisdiction. That most excellent work of the Son of God, tlie Church founded by His own blood, must of necessity bear the stamp of its Divine Author. As the Father and tho Son, whilst two distinct persons, are yet but one only God, the Church can be but tho reflection of this Divine unity of the Divinity. As the Father has but one thought, one expression with the Eternal Word, so the Church can have'.but one utterance, one teaching, immutable amid the mutability of created things : as St. Augustine aptly affirms, ' The Cross stands, whilst the world rolls on.' Moreover, as having but one faith, and one baptism, we have also one Lord (Ephesians, iv., 4), ' the chief Pastor and Bishop of our souls ' (St. Peter, ii., 25), there can consequently be in the Church but one jurisdiction, that, namely, which descends in direct line from the Prince of pastors, Jesus Christ. He Himself ordained the order of Bishops, and' to them He confided the perpetuation to the end of the world of the same mission which He had received from His Father, that of leading souls to eternal salvation. To this order He appointed a head, as the centre to which all the rays of the system could converge. He laid a chief corner-stone which should serve, not only as the sure foundation of the Church, but should become also the one living source of all jurisdiction, as of all power in the spiritual order. To Peter He gave the keys of the King dom of Heaven, to Peter it was said ' I will give to thee the keys of tho Kingdom of Heaven,' to him it was said, 'Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall be bound also in heaven ; and what soever thou shalt loose on earth, it shall be loosed also in heaven.' (S. Matthew xvi., 19.) To this head of the Church alone, Jesus Christ gave commis sion to confirm his brethren in tho faith, since in him alone tho faith could not err nor fail. Yes, dear children in Jesus Christ, Petor is the Prince of the Apostles, the custodian of the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. (S. Cyril of Jerusalem, Cat. 2.) ' By moans of Peter,' say St. Gregory Nazianzen, ' Joauo Chriab niakos tho Bishops the dispensers of heavenly treasures,' and St. Leo affirms, ' from Peter, tho Head, every grace per meates throughout the body of the Church, and from him all jurisdiction must proceed' (19 Epist. ad Epis.) and St. Cyprian, 'As we have one God, one Christ, one Church, so there ia but one chair of truth founded upon the Rock by the express voice of the Lord.' (S, Cyprian Epist. 40. ad. plebem.) ' That supreme spiritual authority the source of all other ^authority,' continues the same Father, ' is the sun from which all rays emanate, and towards; which they, at the same time, converge ; it is the fountain from which ever gush forth those heavenly blessings which water with abundant graces the couls of the faith ful : it is the root of that tree whose spreading branches shall over-shadow the whole earth.' Here then, dear children in Jesus Christ, is the sign and token that the spiritual authority which we claim to exorcise in the midst of you, derives its origin from our Divine Lord, and from His Apostles. ' Thou shalt have a sign that I have sent thee.' (Exodus, iii.) This certain and in fallible sign is, that we are sent to you by the Vicar of Jesus Christ upon earth ; it is most truly by him, that, notwithstanding our weakness and unworthiness, we have been raised to the plenitude of the Priesthood ; it was by His supreme will that wo received the imposition of hands, and in His Name, the Church, with all the splendour of her ceremonial, signed us with the seal of the Episcopate, and in His Name the words were addressed to us, ' Go and teach the people committed to your charge, and bear in the midst, of them the burden of the Pastoral Office.' (Pontiff. Rom.) And let us, in con cluding this argument, admire and praise the goodness of God, who, amid the uncertainty of human things, has made the means of knowing the truth so easy and so simple. Any man, however ignorant he may be, can recognize, without fear of mistake, who is appointed to be to him the authorized dispenser of the Divine Mysteries and heavenly grace. It is sufficient to ask, ' by whom is this messenger sent ? Is the Pastor sent by his Bishop, and is that Bishop in communion with the Roman Pontiff ?' for, as S. Jerome says, 'He who isnot with the Pope, cannot be with Jesus Christ. Wo have now explained to you, dear children in Jesus Christ, what is the legitimate source of the authority with which we are invested. You know how sublime it is, how holy and divine, but it is essential that you should realize with us that it is no other than a deposit, confided by the Church to our feeble hands, for which we shall have to give a strict account before the Supreme Judge. The Espiscopal office is truly a burden and not an honour, since its duties are so heavy and so vast. We are placed in the midst of you as the guardian of the full integrity of the faith and o fsound doctrine, according to the words of Jesus Christ : ' go, teach all nations to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you.' (S. Matthew, xxviii., 19, 20.) We must teach you whatsoever is spoken by the mouth of God, communicated by the Holy Scriptures, transmitted by tradition or taught by the Fathers, according to the interpretation of the Church. It appertains also to the duty of our office to perpetuate in our diocese the Priesthood of Jesus Christ by the sacrament of Holy Orders, and to pour out upon you the gifts of tho Holy Ghost in the Sacrament of Confirmation. For this reason, dear children in Jesus Christ, we come with joy into the midst of you, bearing to you and to your children the gifts and graces of Heaven. Neither distance nor rough ways, nor the fatigue of long journeys, will hinder us in seeking out our scattered flock, for the shepherd must know his sheep, and be known of them, and ' they hear His voice.' (S. John, x., 27.) To the shepherd also belongs the duty of vigilantly guarding the sheep committed to his care, as the Apostle commands, ' take heed to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops.' (Acts, xx., 28.) And concerning them we may say with the Apostle of the Gentiles, ' most gladly will I spend and be spent for your souls.' This watchfulness must know neither relaxing nor interruption ; as S. Gregory says, ' The pastor ? must regard each soul under his charge as if it were his own.' The burden of such a responsi bility might indeed make the stoutest heart trem ble, and tho pressure of it would overwhelm our weakness were it not for the Divine promise, which holds good now as of old, ' My grace is sufficient for thee, for power is made perfect in infirmity,' (II Corinthians, xii., 9), and did we not know that ' God is able to make all grace abound in us, that having all sufficiency in all thing3 we may abound in good works.' (II Corinthians, ix., 8.) And here we may say, that good hope for the fulfilment of our Ministry is founded on the co operation of the Priests of God in our diocese. You, dear brethren, ' our joy and crown,' are appointed to share with us tho toil and anxieties of the Pastoral Office. Many of you, filled with zeal for the Glory of God, leaving behind you country, friends, and home, have crossed, the trackless sea, and have come to this remote land to extend the kingdom of Jesus Christ upon earth and to rescue for Him tho souls Ho bought with His most Precious Blood. Preserve, wo entreat you, in tho midst of the thousand difficulties and dangers which surround you, the spirit of your holy vocation, and never fora moment forget the dignity and importance of your Ministry, for 'ithe Priest is tho Angel of the Lord of Hosts.' (Malachi ii., 7.) Be the comforter of the poor, the guide of tho rich, the instructor of the igno rant, the consoler of the afflicted, ever ready to endure hardship, or privation for the sake of the souls confided to your care, and this, not for human reward, but for the sake of Him, who endured so much for uo all ; and thus your toil and your fatigue, blessed by the Divino Mercy, will yield you a hundred-fold in the harvest field of the great Husbandman. And to all of you, dear children, entrusted to our care by Jc-dud Christ, behold vro como ao tho Ainbcscadov of I heaven. In virtue of our Episcopal Office, vro belong honceforvrard to yon,1 — our heart, cau1 cvfa fectiona are all for you. All our powom of soul or body are henceforth concecratcd to your oervice, for the salvation of your coula,— our life, in bo far as we have povrer over it, is all foi* you ; hence forth v/e are united to you as, tho Apo3tle snyo, ' for life or for death.' (Malachi ii., 7.) Your steadfast faith and your ready attention to tho teaching of your pastors are known to all, for most of you are sons of Ireland, of that nation bleoaed of God, that land of heroes, who for long years endured a continual martyrdom rather than deny the faith of Christ and Hio Church. Your Fathers suffered ruthless persecutions, cruel tortures, and painful privations, that _ they might transmit untarnished to you, their children, that same faith which the glorious St. Patrick, your Apostle on earth, and no\r your Protector in Heaven, orice brought to Ireland, and ~te doubt not that you, who have left the shores of your native land, to seek in this distant, but hospi table Australia, a higher value for the labour of your hands, will bear aloft here also the banner of your faith, and hold bravely, not 'in word only, but also in deed, before the eye3 of all, the the glorious heritage of your Holy Religion. We expect from you that having the came faith as the Christians in the earliest ageo of the Church, you shall have also the same practice, and shall be as they were, 'till of one heart and one soul.' (Acts iii, 32.) Listen with teachable mind to the v/ords of salvation, Bpoken to you by your Pastors, be subject to them aa they are subject to us, and we are cubjectto fche Pope, that in the bond of mutual charity, we may form links of one chain, by which v?e aro all united to Jesus Christ, the Saviour of our souls, and in us may be seen the fulfilment of the prayer He offered up to His Eternal Father, ' that they all may be one, as Thou Father art in Me, and I in jjThee.' (St. John xvii., 21.) Thus, fortified by the zeal of our clergy and the [faith of our people, we may enter with joy and courage upon the difficult path of our Epis copate, giving thanks with full heart to the Author of all good and of all grace. And now, from this day, a new life begino for us, and with the Apoatle St. Paul, we may say, 'forgetting the things that are behind^ and stretching forward to the things that are before,' we consecrate ourselves to the oouls entrusted to our care, to labour for the welfare and pros perity of our new dioceoe. Yet before turning towards that unknown land to v/hich Almighty God calls me as He called Abraham of old from tho homo of his people and his father's house, and which, henceforth, must be to mo country and home, the centre of vaj hopes and affections, I may linger to say a last farewell to the past, to those who, by unwearied offices of kindness and charity, and ever ready sympathy have lightened my labours, and endeared to me this land of my adoption, who have shared with. me the anxieties as well a3 the joys and consola tions of my Ministry. We may, perhaps, meet no more until we welcome each other in the eternal home, but our prayers may still ascend together before the Throne of God. To the Cloister also, which from my earliest years, has been the inner circle of my affections and my joys, and the Order which received me amongst its sons, and with stern and loving discipline trained me in the way of perfection, I must say farewell. I leave you indeed, but my heart v/ill still linger with you. To the extent of my feeble powers I have laboured as a humble member of that Order for the glory of God, and it would be a thought full of consolation to bear with me in tne tucure, u x dare hope that wherever my lot has been cast, or my work has lain, I may have contributed to make my Order known and loved, and as a duti ful son may not have failed in respect and affec tion for my Mother. And you, dear brethren, with whom I have shared the peace and retirement of the cloister, as well as the burden and heat of the do,y in the vineyard of tho Lord, although I leave you, I can never deem myself a stranger to you, or an alien in our common home ; for there will ever remain the memory of our past, and the strong bond of our holy profession, which neithe.r time nor space can sever. Let your prayers ever accompany your brother, who, by the will of God, bears day by day, in a distant land, tho burden of the Episcopate. Lastly, dear children in Jesus Christ, we commend to yur our constant prayers the Supremo Head of tho Church of Jesus Christ, that he may have light and strength to guide with firm hand and clear vision the bark of the Church, now tossing amid- the turbulent waves of jmman passions. Pray that He, v/hose ' praise is in all ' churches,' and even in the mouth of alieno, may bo preserved many years of liio Pontificate. We entreat you also to offer up fervent prayers for us, that when our toil is ended and our ministry fulfilled, we may say with joy, 'my course is consummated, and the Miniotry of the Word which I received from the Lord Jesus,' ' Tho grace of our Lord Jesuo Christ, and tht charity of God, and the Communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' (II. Corinth, xiii., 13.) Griven at Tho Monastery, Peckham, London, England, 25th day of March, 1879, tho Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, f F. ELZEAR, O.S.F.C., Bishop of Armidale, Ne-W South Wales. 