PHOT. REMINISCENCES, By E. A. SOTIIKRN. Tiib piooo known as' "Tho Amorioan Oousin," by Tom Taylor, was put In rehearsal, X was oast for the p»rfc of Lord Dundreary, a fourth"rato old man, only forty-seven lines. I refused the part, hut finally agreed with Mr. Burnett, the stage manager, to play on the condition that I should entirely rowrito it. Miss Koeno was also full of objootW whioh, however, the finally yielded. In rewriting the part, I threw into it ovorything that efcruok me as wildly absurd, There is not a single look, word, or aot in Lord Dundreary that has not boon suggested to mo by persons whom I have known sinoe I was five yoara of ago. It has been frequently said that I. have out the pieoo down for the purpose of Dun drearyising the performance. This iB not true, I hayo simply out out the collar scene, a drunken aot, wwon was nover popular, ana BO reoi-ronged the play, that instead of seven, toon soenos, whioh it uad when it oame from tho hands of the author, it is now in four aots of one scono eaoh. My part tho tot night was by no means a pronounced sucooss. In faot, it was two orthreo weeks before tho people began to understand what I was about. I hadaoted so many serious part3 before, that the publio ? evidently oonsidored that every tone of my voice ought to be pathotio, just as they now seem to think that every ton© represents somo mad eccentrioity. "How," I have been asked, "did you happen to hit on that strango hop, skip, and jump business, whioh has been made so efleotivo in your delineation of the ohatf aoter." , ' 1 "lfc was the simplest thing in the world; it waB a mero aocident. I have naturally an elastio disposition, and during a rehearsal ono cold morning I was hopping at the baok of the stage, when Mies Keono sarcastically inquired if I was going to introduce that in Dundreary. Tho aotore that's my view of tho diameter.' Having said this I was bound to stiok to it, and as I proHToasod with the rehearsal I found that the wholo company, inoluding- soone-ahlftera and proporty men, woro roaring with laughter at my iuforaal nonsenso. When I saw that tho public accoptcd tho satire I toned it down to the broad oarioaturo whioh may bo seen at tho present day by anyone who lias a quiok sense of tho absurd." . , You remember that in ono aot I have a by-1 play on my fingers, on which I oount froin ! ono to ten, and thon reversing, begin with tho right thumb and count ten, nine, eight, seven, six and five are cloven, This has fre quently boon denounced by oritics as uttorly out of plaoo in tho oharaotor. But I took tho inoidont from aotual lifo, having1 soon a notoriously olover man on tho English turf: as quiok as lightning in calculating' odds, completely puzzled by this ridioulous problem, My distortion of tho old aphorisms has like wise been frequently oavilled at as too nonsensical for an oaucated man, Now see how easily this thought was ,,suggosted. A number of us some years ago were taking supper in Halifax after a performance, when a gentleman who has now retired from tho stage, but who is living in Now York," suddenly ontered tho room, and said: « < Oh yca»Jso°; birds of a feather," &o.; The thought instantly struok me on tho weak side, and, winking at my brother aotors and assum ing utter ignoronoe, I said: " What do you moan by birds of a feathor P" Ho looked^ rather staggered, and replied s "What, have you never noard of tho old English proverb, Birds of a feather flock togotheiT Every ono shook his hoad. Ho thon said! "I novor mot suoh ft1 lot of ignoramuses in my mo. That was my cue, and I began to turn tho proverb inside out. I said to him: J, hero never could liavo been suoh a proverb '--birda of a feathor! Tho idoa of a whole ilook of birds haviug only ono feathor I Tho thing' is utterly ridiculous. Besides, the poor bird that had that feathoj? must have ilown on ono side; consequently, as the other birds couldn't fly at all, they couldn't iiook togethor, But oven aooopting1 tho absurdity, if they floolied at all tW must flook together, as no bird oould possibly bo suoh a fool as to go into a corner and try and flook by himaolf." Our visitor began to see the point of tho logic, and was greeted with roars of laughtor, 1 made a memorandum of the inoidont, and years afterwards elaborated tho idoa in writingDundroary. I have quires uponquires of memoranda of a similar oharaotor; but whenever I play tho part,tho publio soom so disappointed at not heaping tho old lines that I fear I shall never have the opportunity of getting them to aooept what would really, bo a muoh better version. Lot mo toll you about a oertaln supper in Glasgow. It was one of those late affairs whioh sometimes ooour after theatre hours, and I had around mo a number of excellent friends and ions vlvants among whom was a professor of the Glasgow College, several barristers, and two or tnreo army men. This professor' was ft singularly olovor and jolly fellow; but he liad a poouliar way of leaving a! oorapany, very frequently without saying good-byo to any person present. It was a pure matter of politonoss on his part, however, beoause, having duties to perform either on his own acoount or that of others, ho didn't ohoose to mako a feature of his departure, and so disturbod the remainder of the guests. Ono of tho offioers JwaB Major-- I won't mention his namo-a splendid speolmen of a bluff, honest-spoken old English gentleman,1 In tho oourse of tho conversation at the table, he remarked: "I went to see the world-famed, oonjuror, Professor-- to night ; and what a pity it is that he should foonthestage in suon a shameful oondltion 1" asked him what was the matter. <1 Why,'' said he, "he was drunk, sir, dlsgraoefully drunk I" The demon of mischief instantly took possession of me. Tho major was not acquainted with our oooontri'o guest, tho professor from tho G-lasgow Oollogo. There fore, in the most aooidontal manner, crossing my knees, I managed to touoh tho major on u at tho samo timo softly " Sh-sh sh I He turned around quiokly, looked at me, beoamo very red in tho fuoo, evidently taking a hint the reason of whioh ho didn't comprehend. I saw at onoo that ho was in a mental muddlo, and winking in a suggestive manner, as muoh as to say, " Look out for yourself," remarked sotto vocot "My dear, sir, you ve made a mistake, You surely don't mean,lie was drunkP" "No, no," ho ii a j H"""" -wo, no," no replied to a disoonoorfced wort of "VVfly, not exaotly dvuuk, but--"but^-rafchor confused, X?u-n ' ,^'V0 HQQn a good many of tho English'jugglers, and I don't consider Mm as good as sovorat -whom I know." At this junoturo tho professor took his hat and walkod out, which wo, who .know him, recognised as his quiot way of absenting himl self without going through tho formula of breaking up a soohil party. You see, ho had his leoturo to prepare for tho next day, and wo of tho olub, being awaro of tho faot, paid no attontion to his exit, Whon tho processor was fairly out of lieartug, I obsorved to tho 'P,i{«ls » nioo mess you've made i" auxiBj> IsiiyP" ho enquired, "Why," said I, "didn't you soo tlio in dlgnant way in whtoh ho got up and loft tho rooniP That's tho son-in-law of tho eon juror-married his daughter only two days ago, and of oourso ho feoTs naturally indignant at the remark wWch ho hoard you make." " Hang it,!' said tho' major, " why didn't you toll mo ? You ^kickad mo and oonfused me, "Nonsonso," I replied; "I looked at you aud winked at you, and shoo-od at you, and triod to stop you as an intelligent 'boim? oapablo of taking a hint."' " Oh, woll, woll, well; who tho douoo oould follow a wink lilco that? But what am I going to do about it P" I suggested that ho should write tho pro fossov a uloo lottor, and explain tho affair In a semi-apologetic way, stating that he was a trifle under the inniienoe of wine, eto. Thereupon tho major went to my desk, and at'my diotation scribbled off a note and properly uddressod it. "Now," I said, " I will send this by my own servant, HO that thoro shall bo no mis oarriage." Of course, I didn't send it at all; but the next day I wrote a letter and had it copied and signed in the professor's name, whioh was one of the most grossly insulting in its character that I could oon ooive.' Itroad'somethlnglike this: (1 Simply booauso you happen to bo a oavalry officer and I a quiet university pro fessor, you think you oan insult me by assail ing the purity of my father- in-law. As you yourself confess, you are only a drunken oad," &o;,, &o.; Tho major oamo tho next morning1 trembly ing with rage, and showed mo the letter. " What do you think of that P" said he, oxoitedlv. " He oall mo a drunken oad." I soothingly replied: " Oh, that's oily his olaasloal method of expression." " D--n his olassloal motliod, I'll go and kick liim out of hia leoturo-room." loalraod the major as well as I knew how, and as soon as no was gone, sat down and wrote a note to the bother professor tho oonluror in the -name of Major So-and-So. to tho effect that he had rooeived a letter from his son-in-law, saying that he would cowhide him at the first opportunity. That brought another com munication still more mixing up matters. Of course'you understand that I wrote all these myself, and consequently held tho trump oards in my own hand. These letters went baokwards and forwards for several days. Finally, I sent one from the professor challenging the major, and at the same time oaused a number of tele graghio messages to be transmitted from different parts of Soofcland from men with whom I knew he was intimate, expressive'of their astonishment that a gentleman so well known for his high courage should havo been guilty of oonduot so' utterly unbecoming1 his position. Now the major was a man of warm temperament, who in bygone, days in ladia and elsewhere, had been'fighting duels about once a week, although, suoh a piece of absurdity, at tho present hour, would only nave resulted in his being cashiered. . As a oonsequenco ho was thrown ,into a stato,of extreme excitement and per plexity. Just about this time I started for London, leaving behind mo ft batch of letters and'telegroms to be sent to the major on the following day. They were of tho , most slighting and insulting description. Ren dered uttoriy desperate qy those, ho followed me to London, sending mo a telegram in advance,' saying that he desired to act on my advico in the premises, and would moot mo at a given hour for consultation, I tliea arranged it to have the professor from Glas gow to dine with me the very day tho major was to oalli ' Aa the latter walked into the room ho was Completely staggered whon tho professor advaaoed and shook him by tho hand in the most oordlal and amioablo manner. Of course tho major couldn't resist what ho now regarded as an evidence of good will, and oommonced to muko explanations. Tho professor listened in speeohless astonishment. Not having the ghost of an idea what it was all about, he thought the major wasdrunk; and as I kopt making signs to him, he treatod liim aooordingly. The wholo tiling, was so ludicrous that at last We all of us burst into a hearty, good-natured .laugh, whioh was redoubled whon I told tho wholo story. I ought to Bay that I never would havo indulged in this little joke had it not boon that the major, some weeks previously, had got me inta comparative trouble by a praotioal Toko of his own, of whioh I was the victim. My rovongo was natural and most comploto, I think that ono of .tho most reekloas affairs with whioh I havo over had 'to do occurred at tho house of a friend of mino who was himself fond of a joke, and had at home abundant opportunity for the making of ono, A regiment had juat arrived from tho Crimean war, and was forwarded to Glasgow to be quartered thoro. My friond asked the officers to dine immediately after their arrival, although he was a stranger to them all oxoept by reputation. Ho invited mo ,to go with him, remarking: "Now, Nod, let us'have aomo funand wo at onoe oonoooted a plan. I knew his ,residenoo very well, and oould do anything I pleased in it. "With his, leave I sent for a stonemason and told him to ascertain whore tho flue from the firegrate made its exit on tho roof, as I wanted nim that night, during tlio dinner, to call down tho chimney in answer to any question I might ask. My friend, the host, meanwhile, was to introduco me to hfs guests as a celebrated American ventriloquist who was about to appear in London, and was aoknowledgod to be tho most oxtraordinaiy artist of the klud in tho world. While-tho . meal was going on, Colonela very arlatooratlo old man, gradually began to throw out suggestions and to lead conversation in tho direction of ventriloquial subjeots. I, of course, pretended to bo very , bashful, and to avoid any allusion to thetherae. . After ntuoh eolioit.a tlon, however, Toonsented to spefik, au ho said, only two or three words.' Marie you, I had timed tho experiment HO that it should be oxaotly eight o'olook, or within a fow minutes 01 it, when I knew that ray mason would bo keeping his engagement at the other end of the ohimney. Going to tlio fireplace, I shouted at tho top of ray voice forlt was a deuoed long way up-'* Are you there P" buttherowaano response. I oamo to tho oonolustori that aa by this time it was raining very hard, the stone-mason had got slok of the wholo business, and left tho roof. Imagine my surprise, when, in eight or ton seoonds afterwards, just as I had turned and was cfoing to tell the oolonel that my failuro was due entirely to an ulcerated sore throat, a deop voioe was heard hallooing down the,flue; "I.dpn't hear a. word J" The oolonel, offloera, and all the guests looked perfeotly staggered. I Immediately took advantage of thd situation, and remarked: "There, you see how baaly I'Aid! You notice what a guttural tone tnero was in my 'voioe:" j.butjtney all orowded round mo, and said it was tho most 'extraordinary thing they over heard in thplr lives, and beggod mo. to repeat tho oxpprimont. I had previously mado the arrangement with the mason th,at when I said " Good-byo I" throo times ho would understand that. I rcqulrod him no moro. I therefore shouted out " Good-byo 1" throo times, and, getting no rosponse, concluded that ho had gone, and thought no more about the matter. About an hour after, this the oolonel was loaning against the mantelpiece, smoking a oigar, when he turned to mo-I was on the opposite side of tho room-and said : " Colonel Slayter" (by whioh namo I had been intro duced to tlio oorapany), "I have no hesitation in Baying that you are the njost extraordinary vontriloquist alivo. Now, in my own little way I occasionally try to amuse my children in tho samofmanner; but it' is roally absurd, aftor the wondorful offoot you havo produoed, to give you an illustration hero; still, I will try., For instanoo, when at homo I sometimes put my head up tho ohimnoy and shout: ' Are you oorning downP'" and tho old gontleman acoompaniod tho aotion to tho words. Judgo of our utter amazement when a yoll was heard in tho chimney: " Oh, go to tho devil 1 I have, had onough of this." It so happened that I was chatting with a number of tho oifioors at the moment, and the oolonel almost reolod up against the tablo in his astonish montat suoh an unoxpooted reply. Every body looked at him, as if for an explanation. Talcing in the situation quickly, and oarelossly stopping forward, I s$d : "There, gontlemon, 'that is my last effort, I am suffering so much from bronohial affeotion that you must roally excuse me from any further exhibition." Ono and all of them fathered around mo and wrung my ands.- expressing their amazement at the high art I nad ovinoed, and pro mising mo a magnifloient rocoption whenever I should appear in public. It was as muoh aa I oould ,do to prosorvo at serious face. Tho joko was too good to keep long, and in a lltilo while afterwards, in the oourae of con versation, the host saia " By the way, Sothorn, do you reinomher So«antUso F" ; " What I" said all the officers, looking up; '' Sothorn P I thought this was Colonel SlayterP" "Oh, no," repliedmyfrlend, "that'sLord Dundreary," That was my first and last experience as a ventriloquist. . 