MUSICAL AND THEATRICAL. Daring the month tho usual Christmas pieces havo been presented nt the various theatres. At tho Royal, Jack the Giant- killer, with which is incorporated Who Killed Cock Robin? has been placed upon the stage. It has been especially adapted for tbo management, aud contains a largo number of local allusions and hits. The chief feature of the entertainment js the scenery, painted by Mr. John Henuings, bis panorama of Rhino views beiug especially good. The transfor mation scene is brilliant in color and Dutoh metal, and is effective in design. Thcro is tho usual assemblage of hobgoblins, nymphs and amazons, tbo march of the last-named in re splendent armor being spectacular in effect. In the Harlequinade several now tricks are introduced. Tbo programme at tbe Prince of Wales's Opora Houoo consists of I'luto ; or, Harlequin Bo-poop, Tho business is sprightly and tho dialogue full of points aud puus. Tho fountain, illuminated with variouBcolored lime- lights, forms a most attractive portion of tlio entertainment ; nnd the Baby Harlequin- nde is a novelty iu its way. At tho Academy of Music an original dramatic and musical fairy spectacle called Alfred tho Great has been represented, Tho plot deals with tho episode of the English king's so journ in the dwelling of the swineherd, his neglect in attending to tbo baking of the cakes, and bis subsequent viotory over tho Danish king, who figures as a dyspeptic sort of Hamlet. Merlio, Oberon, Titanin, l'uok gnd fairies gnloto are introduced. Tho dialogue is smartly written, without any attempt at word- torturiog ; and the author has abstained from dragging in the usual vulgar allusions to social aud political events. The muBio has been carefully aud judiciously seleoted from the words of the best operatio composers and lyric writers, whilo popular music has not been forgotten, such as Here stands a Post, The Gallants of England, and The Pope he Leads a Jolly Life. Several pretty songs have been specially composed for the extrava ganza by Mr. Alfred Plumpton, the musical director. The costumes are at 1 the came time rich and tasteful, and boiuo of the scenery is picturesquely appropriate, and the ballet is most effective. ThePriucess'sThentre was re-opened by Mr. L. M. Bayleas, with Uncle Tom's Cobin, which served to intro duce tho Georgia Minstrels. Under the Gaslight was then played, andnowMrs. Mary Gludstane is performing in a round of her favorite characters, supported by a young American actor, Mr. Theo. Hamilton. An original farce, entitled The Three Ambassa dors, and intended as a burlesque upon tho embassy of the Chief Secretary to England, has also been put upon the - stage. The author, without being offensivo, is humor ous ; tho piece, however, bears the imprint of harried composition, aud but littlo pains has been bestowed upon its mounting. Foiled, a sensational drama by a colonial author, Mr. W. Cooper, has been reproduced, the chief characters being undertaken by Mr. Bayless and Messrs. Ogdcn and Theo. Hamilton. TheboardsofSt. Georgo'sHallhavo been occupied by a troupe of laay minstrels, called the Biondenettes. Somo of the com pany sing fairly, and the corner ladies, if not gifted with humor, are full of vivacity. Miss Lily Alliaton, ono of the company, is n very capable burlesque aotress. D'Arcy Read's Ghost has been walking at the Athen.-onm Hall, where tho holiday entertain ment lias consisted of the burlesqae of Beauty and the Beast, and the Haunted Honse. At tbe Monday popular promenado concerts the pianoforte performance of Ma dame Carlotta Tasca has evoked unqualified approval. Mr. David Lee's weekly organ reoitals in the Town Hall continue to be patronised by largo and appreciative au diences. 