ifttiOT. 1 REMINISCENCES. By E. A. Sotiiern. Tiie pieco known as 'Tho American Cousin,' by Tom Taylor, was put in rehearsal. I was cast for tlio part of Lord Dundreary, it fourth-rate old man, only forty-seveu lines. I refused tho part, but finally agreed with Mr. Buruott, tho stage manusror, to play ou the condition that I should entirely rewrite- it. Miss Keeno was also full of objections, which, however, the finally yielded. Iu rowritiug tho part, I throw itito it everything that struck 1110 as wildly absurd. Thoro is not a siuglo look, word, or aot in Lord Dundreary that has not been suggested to 1110 by persous whom I lmvo known since I was fivo years of ago. It has been frequently said that I liavo cut tho pieco clown for tlio purpose of Dun drearyising tho performance. This is not truo. I have simply cut out tho cellar scone, a drunken act, whioh was never popular, and so rearranged the play, that instead of seven teen scenes, whioh it had when it oame from tho hands of tlio author, it is now in fouj ttots of ono scene each. My part the first night was by no moans a pronounced success. In fact, it was two or three weoks boforo tho people bogan to understand what I was about. I had acted so many serious parts bofore, that tho publio evidontly considered that every tone of my voico ought to be pathetic, just as thoy now seem to think that overy tono represents somo mad eccentricity. 'How,' I have beeu asked, 'did you happon to liit. on that strango hop, skip, and jump business, whioh has beeu niado so effective in your delineation of the char acter.' 'Why,' I reply, 'it was tho simplest thing iu tho world ; it was a moro accident. I have naturally an elastic disposition, and during a rehearsal one cold morning I was hopping at the back of tho stago, when Miss Keeno sarcastically inquired if I was going to introduce that iu Dundreary. Tho aotors and actresses standing around laughed, and taking the cuo, I replied : ' Yes, Miss Ifeouo ; that's my view of the character.' Having said this I was bound to stick to it, und as I progressed with tho rehearsal I found that tho whole company, including scene-sliiftors and property men, wero roarinur with laughter at my infernal nonsense. When I saw that tho public accepted the satiro I toned it down to tho broad caricature wliich may bo seeu at tho present day by anyone who has a quick souso of tho absurd.' You remember that in one aot I have a by play on my fingers, on whioh I count from one to ten, and then reversing, begin with tho right thumb and count ten, nine, oiglit, seven, six and fivo aro eleven. This has fre quently been denounced by critics as utterly out of place in the oliaracter. But I took tho incident from actual life, having seen a notoriously clover man on tho English turf, as quick us lightning in calculating odds, completely puzzled by this ridiculous problem. My .distortion of tho old aphorisms has like wise been frequently cavilled at as too nonsensical for an educated man. Now see how easily tliis thought was ^suggested. A number of us somo yoars ago wero taking supper in Halifax after a performance, whon a gentleman who has now rotired from tho stago, but who ia living iu New York, suddenly entered tho room, and said : ' Oh, yes, ,1 seo ; birds of a feather,' &e.; Tho thought instantly struck me on tho weak side, and, winking at my brother aotors and assum ing litter iguorunce, I said : ' What do you moan by birds of a feather?' Ho looked rather staggered, aud replied: 'What, have you nover heard of tho old English proverb, 1 Birds of a feather flock together ?' ' Every ono shook his head. Ho thou said: 'I novel1 met such a lot of ignoramuses in my life.' That was my cue, aud I bogan to turn tho proverb insido out. I said to him : ' There never could have been such a proverb —birds of a foaiher ! Tho idea of a wholo ilock of birds having only ono feather ! Tho thing is utterly ridiculous. Besides, the joor bird that had that feather must have :ilown on oue side ; consequently, as the other birds couldn't fly at all, they couldn't flock together. But oven accepting tho absurdity, if they flocked at all thoy must flock together; as no bird oould possibly bo such a fool as to go into a corner and try and flock by himself.' Our visitor began to seo tho point of the logic, and was greeted with roars of laughtor. I made a memorandum of tho incident, and years afterwards elaborated the idea iu writingDuudreary. I have quires uponquires of momoranda of a similar oliaracter ; but whenover I play tho part the publio seom so disappointed at not hearing tho old lines that I fear I shall nover have tho opportunity of getting thom to accept what would really be a much better version. Lot mo tell you about a certain suppor in Glasgow. It was ono of thoso late affairs which somotimos pocur after theatro hours, and I had around mo a numbor of excellent frionds aud 6011s vivants among whom was a professor of tho Glasgow Colloge, sevoral barristers, and two or throe army men. This professor was a singularly olovor and jolly follow ; but ho had a peculiar way of leaving a company.*'' very frequently without saying good-bye-:to any person present. It was a pufg^rSttter of politeness on his part, howoVa.t''i*Betrauso, having duties to perform either ou his own account or that of others, I10 didn't chooso to make a featuro of his departure, aud so disturbed tho romandor of tho guests. Ono of tho officers 'was Major ? I won't mention his name— a splendid, spqeiimen of a blufE, honest-spoken old English' gentleman. Iu tlio coiu'sp 'of ?.tho ' conversation at tho table, h^£tfomi(i'kdd : 'I went to seo tho world- fitj&'a/'''cbnjuror, Professor ? to night what a pity it is that ho should goon the stage in such a shameful condition !' ' I asked him what was tho mattor. ' Why,' said I10, 'ho was drunk, sir, disgracefully drunk !' Tho demon of mischief instantly took possession of me. Tho major was not acquainted with our occoutrio guest, tho professor from tho Glasgow College. There fore, in tho most accidental manner, crossing my knees, I managed to touch tho major on tho log, and at tho samo timo softly ' Slisli sli !' Ho turned around quickly, looked at 1110, became very red iu tho face, ovidcutly talcing a hint tho reason of which I10 didu' t comprehend. I saw at onco 'that I10 was iu a mental muddhyand winking in a suggestivo mauuer, as much as to say, ' Look out for yourself,' remarked sot to voce: 'My dear sir, you'vomado a mistake. Ycut surely don't moan ho was drunk?' 'No, no,' ho replied in a disconcerted sort of way, 'not exactly drunk, but — but — rathor confused, you understand. I'vo seen a good many of tho Euglisli 'jugglers, and I don't cousidor him as good as several whom I know.' At this juncture tho professor took his hat aud walked out, which we, who know him, recognised as his quiet way of absenting him self without going through tho formula of breaking up a social party. You seo, I10 had his lecturo to propare for tho next day, and wo of tho club, being aware of tho fact,- paid no attention to his oxit. When tho profossor was fairly out of hearing, I obsorved to the major : ' This is a nice mess you've inado !' ' ' What is it ? what did I say ?' ' I10 enquired, anxiously. 'Why,' said I, 'didn't you sec tho in dignant way in which ho got up aud loft tho room? That's the son-in-law of tho con juror— married Iiis daughter only two days ago, and of course ho feels naturally indignant at tlio remark which ho heard you make.' 'Hang it,' said tho nuijor, 'why didn't you tell mo? You 'Jcioked mo and confused me.' 'Nonsenso,' Iroplied; 'I looked at you and winked at you, and slioo-ed at you, and tried to stop you as an intelligent boing capablo of taking a hint.' ' Oh, woll, well, well ; who tho douco could follow a wink liko that? But what am I going to do about it ?' I suggested that ho should write the pro fessor a nico lottor, and oxplain the affair in a soini-apologotio way, stating that ho was a triflo undor tho influonco of wine, otc. Tlioreupon tho major wout to my desk, and at my diotatiou soribbled off a noto nnd properly addressed it. 'Now,' I said, ' I mil send this by my own servant, so that thoro shall bo no mis carriage.'/ Of course, I didn't soud it at all ; but tho next day I wroto a lottor and had it copied aud signed in the professor's name, which was 0110 of tho most grossly insulting in its character that I could con ceive. It read 'something liko this : — ? ' 1 Simply because you happen to boa cavalry officer and I it quiot university pro fessor, you think you can insult mo by assail ing tho purity of my father-in-law. As you yourself confess, you aro only a drunken cad,' &e.;, &o.; The major came tho next.momiug trembl ing with rago, and showed mo tho lottor. ' What do you think of that ?' said ho, oxcitedly. ' Ho call mo a drunken cad.' I sootliingly replied : ' Oh, that's only his classical mothod of expression.' ' D ? n Iiis classical mothod. I'll go and kick him out of his lecture-room.' I calmed tho major as woll as I knew how, .and as soon as he was gone, sat down and wroto a noto to tho other professor — tho conjuror in the namo of Major So-and-So, to tho effect that ho had received a lottor from his son-in-law, saying that ho would cowhide him at tho first opportunity. That brought another com munication still moro mixing up matters. Of co'urso you understand that I wroto all theso myself, and consequently held tho trump cards in my own hand. ' These letters went backwards aud forwards for soveral days. Finally, I sent ono from tho professor challenging the major? and at tho samo timo caused a numbor of tclo gragliie messages to bo transmitted from different parts of Scotland from men with whom I know he was intimato, oxpressivo .'of thoir astonishment that a gontleman so well known for his high courage should liavo been guilty of conduct so utterly unbecoming his position. Now tho mujorwas aman of warm temperament, who in bygono days in India and olsowliore, had been fighting' duels about onco a week, although such a piece of absurdity, at the present hour, would only; have resulted in his boing cashiered. As a consequence ho was thrown into a state of extreme excitement and per plexity. Just about this time I started for London, leaving behind mo a batch of lettors and telegrams to bo sent to tho major on tho following day. Thoy wero of tho ' most slighting and insulting description. Ren dered utterly desperate by theso, he followed mo to London, sonding me a tolegram in advance, saying that I10 desired to aet on my advice in the promises, and would meet me at a given hour for consultation. I thon arranged it to have tho professor from Glas gow to dine with me tho very day tlio major was to call. As the latter walked into the room I10 was completoly staggered when tho professor advanced and shook him by tho hand iu tho most cordial and amicable manner. Of course tho major couldn't resist what I10 now regarded as an evidence of good will, and commenced to mako explanations. Tho professor listened in speeoldess astonishment. Not having the ghost of an idea what it was all about, he thought tho major was drunk ; and as I kept making signs to him, ho treated him accordingly. The whole thing was so ludicrous that at last wo all of us hurst into a hearty, good-natured laugh, whioh was redoubled when I told tho wholo story. I ought to say that I never would have indulged iu this littlo joko had it not been that tho major, somo weoks previously, had got mo into comparative trouble by a practical joko of his own, of which I was tho victim. My roveugo was natural and most comploto. I think that one of the most reckless affairs with which I have over had to do occurred at the houso of a friend of mino who was himself foud of a joko, and had at homo abundant opportunity for tho making of one. A regiment had just nrrived from tho Crimean, war, and was forwarded to Glasgow to be quartered there. My friend asked the officers to dino immediately after their arrival, although ho was a stranger to thom all except by reputation. Ho invited mo to go with him, remarking : 'Now, Ned, lot us have somo fun and wo at onco concocted a plan. I know his residence very well, aud could do anything I pleased in it. With his leave I sent for a stonemason and told him to ascertain whero tho five from tho firegrate made its exit on tho roof, as I wanted him that night, during tho dinner, to call down tho chimney in answer to any question I might ask. My friend, tho host, meanwhile, was to introduco mo to his guests as a celebrated American ventriloquist who was about to appear iu London, and was acknowledged to bo tho most extraordinary artist of tho kind iu tho world. While the meal was going on, Colonel ? , a very aristocratic old man, gradually bogan to throw out suggestions and to load conversation in tho direction of veutriloquial subjects. I, of course, pretended to bo very bashful, and to avoid any allusion to tho tliemo. After much solicita tion, liowover, I consented to speak, as ho said, only two or three words. Mark you, I had timed tho experiment so that it should bo oxactly eight o'clock, or within a fow minutes of it, when I know that my mason woitld .bo keeping his ougagomont at the qtlier. on$. of the cliiinuoy. Going to tho fireplace, I shouted at tho top of my voice — for it was a douced long way up — ' Aro you tliero?' but tliero was no responso. I came to tho conclusion that as by this timo it was raining very hard, tho stone-mason had got sick of tl^i- wholo busiuoss, and loft tho roof. Imagine iliy' surpriso whon, in oiglit or ten seconds afterwards, just as I had turned aud was going to toll tho colonel that my failuro ^vas duo entirely to an ulcerated soro throat, a deop voico was heard hallooing down tho flue: 'I don't hear a word!' Tlio colonel, officers, and all tho guests looked porfectly staggored. I immediately took advantago of tho situation, and remarked : 'There, you sec how badly I did! You notico what a guttural tono thoro was in my voico „but they all crowded round me, and said it was tho most extraordinary tiling thoy over heard in their lives, and bogged mo to repeat the experiment. I had previously made tho arrangomont with the mason that when I said ' Good-bye 1' three times ho would understand that I required him no moro. I thoroforo shouted out 'Good-byo!' tlireo times, aud, getting no responso, concluded that lio had gono, and thought no moro about tho matter. About an hour after this tho colonol was leaning against tho mantelpiece, smoking a cigar, when ho turned to mo — I was on tho opposito sido of tho room— aud said : ' Colonel Slayter' (by which namo I had been intro duced to tho company), ' I liavo no hesitation in saying that you aro the most extraordinary ventriloquist alive. Now, iu my own littlo way I occasionally try to amuso my children in tho samoj manner ; but it is really absurd, aftor tho woudorful oft'oot you liavo produced, to givo you an illustration hero ; still, I will try. For iustauce, when at homo I sometimes put my head up the ohimuoy and shout : ' Aro you coming down?'' aud tho old gentleman accompanied tho action to tho words. Judgo of our utter amazement when a yell was heard in tho cliimuoy : ' Oh, go to tlio dovil ! C have had enough of this.' It so happened that I was chatting with a numbor of tho officers at tho moment, and tho colonol almost reeled up against tho tablo in his astonish ment at such an unoxpootcd reply. Every body looked at him, as if for an explanation. Talcing in the situation quickly, and carelessly stoppiug forward, I Baid : 'Thoro, gentlemen, that is my last effort. I am suffering so much from brouoliial affection that you must really oxeuso 1110 from any further exhibition.' Ono and all of thom gathered around 1110 and wrung my hunds, expressing thoir amazomont at tho high art I had ovincod, and pro mising mo a magnifioiont rocoption whenever I should appear, in publio. It was as muoh aB I could ^do to prosorvo at serious face. Tho joko wub too good to keep long, and in a v littlo while afterwards, in tho course of con versation, tho host said : ' By tho way, Sothern, do you romembor So-and-so ?' ' What !' said all tho officers, looking up ; ' Sothern ? I thought this was Colonol Slaytor?' 'Oh, no,' replied my friend, '-'that's Lord Duiidreary.' That was my first and last experienco as a ventriloquist. 