The Advertiser THURSDAY, JULY 31, 1879. IT is a matter for public congratulation that the ceremony of laying the foundation- stone of the new buildings for the University should have been so successful as was the case. The weather, though threatening in the forenoon, was mild and pleasant. The arrangements for the com- fort and accommodation of the visitors were well devised and carefully carried out. The assemblage of so many of our leading citizens betokened the great interest taken in the event. The speeches were marked by enthusiasm and common sense. And last, though not least, several gentlemen distinguished themselves by very liberal gifts. The ap pearance of the numerous graduations who assembled in full force in academic cos tume reminded the visitant of some of those venerable gatherings which take place in the ancient seats of learning to which His Excellency and the Chancellor made reference in their addresses ; but the absence of the usual crows of noisy under graduates proclaimed the fact that our University may have a history in the future but has no annals in the past. When it is borne in mind that the University is only three years old, it is not to be wondered at that the word which has been actually accomplished by it should not be very great. It is im possible at any time to neasure the influ ence of any high class educational esta blishment by the actual results that may be presented in the lists of its successful students, and still more is this the case in one so young as the Adelaide University. The effects of placing a high standard of attainment must be first traced in the im proved methods and aims which will de velop themselves in all the primary and classical schools of the community. The public and private seminaries must learn to work up to the new ideal which is placed before them. It may be several years before these schools can send many pupils into the ranks of the students, but the benefits of this improved tuition are in the meantime felt by all. His Excellency was right in defending the University from the sneers of those who complain of it as a costly luxury with which a practical colony like this might well dispense for many years to come; for apart from the immediate results of its establishment, the indirect benefits of its rigid adherence to a difficult standard of attainment are well worth all the money that it coats. There are few people who will be disposed to deny that the permanent prosperity and greatness of any nation depends on the development of education. This is the great lesson that comes to us from the history of the foun dation of all the great Universities of Europe. They express the aim of the far-seeing men of the times that gave them birth to grasp at the best available teaching for its rising young men. Almost all the great statesmen and rulers of the world have been patrons of learning. Whether it be true or not that Alfred the Great was the actual founder of the Uni versity of Oxford, there is no doubt that he in his wisdom sought to establuish more liberal and practical methods of education among his people. The University of Paris, which is perhaps the oldest in Europe, has an ancient tradition that its founder was no other than Charlemagne. Mr. Hallam denies that it is possible to prove an unbroken continuity in the succession of professors from so re mote a period, but there is no doubt that the great Emperor, though no scholar him self, was a patron of learned men, and en couraged them to resort to his court; and carrying his influence further, exerted him self strenuously to diffuse some portion of education among his subjects generally. Kings and emperors in all ages have looked upon the various Universities in their dominions as brighter ornaments of their reigns and better expressions of their policy than martial pomp and display. It must, however, be borne in mind that no University can flourish which does not re flect the spirit of the age in which it exists. This is the verdict of history, as was clearly stated by Sir William Jervois in his remarks upon the decay of classical learning. Be cause certain erudite adornments were in fashion among our forefathers is no reason why we should slavishly follow their example under the altered circumstances of our times. It is well to be somewhat con servative in such matters, and to resist to some extent the extreme utilitarianism which would sweep away time-honoured customs too rapidly, but such conservatism should be allied with an active spirit of common sense. A University should afford the best possible teaching in those subjects which are best fitted to the limes, and if the range of profitable study enlarges in any particular direction, every effort should be made to provide additional teaching therein, even at the expense of other branches which are waning in popularity and usefulness, though not in venerable, respectability. The present curriculum of our University is admirable as far as it goes, but we hope it may soon be made much more varied than it is. It is right to give an option to the students as to the lines of study that they will pursue after their first year. Two distinct alternative courses are open, at pre sent to all who are candidates for its de grees—the one literary, and the other scientific. After working together for one year the students diverge according to their tastes and talents, so that a B.A. of Ade laide may obtain that degree either for proficiency in scientific or classical and mathematical studies. We hope, however, that steps will be taken before long to increase the number of these options. There is no reason why Adelaide should not have its faculties of Law and Medicine as well as Melbourne. Engineering like wise deserves special encouragement, and in a country like this, which depends so largely upon the soil for its wealth and prosperity, every effort should be made to foster the study of agricultural chemistry, and thereby save the ruinous waste of our resources, which is the result of ignorance. The Council of the University has not forgotten those future contingencies in its arrangements. The new building is so constructed that it may form part of any future structure. It is complete as far as it goes, but is so placed on the site as not to interfere with the erection of other pre mises which may be needed for fresh de partments of learned labor. The Council has acted wisely in not attempting to carry out the grand design to which the premium was given, which would, have crippled its usefulness by a huge burden of debt; and it has also shown its wisdom in not forcing upon Adelaide, as a permanent University building, a design of which in a few years' time we might cease to be proud. The expenditure upon the modest premises which are so soon to adorn the city is quite heavy enough as it is, while anything more ambitious would have failed to commend itself to the judgment of sensible men. It is with much satisfaction, that we note among the proceedings of the meeting of the Senate held after the cere- mony was concluded, that the University and the Institute are seeking for some organic union. A Bill is before the House which will, if it becomes law, give to the University the right to elect two of its members to serve on the Board of the Institute. When it is remembered that the two buildings will be almost side by aide, it will commend itself to every one as a sensible arrange ment, if expense can be saved and greater efficiency secured in the establishment of a common Museum and Reference Library, instead of having two rival collections so near to each other. It is with high satis faction that we have to record the suc cessfus commencement of the University buildings, and we hope that in due time the building will be opened, and the University possess a local habitation as well as a name. A«be so long a lapse of time since, the signing of die Treaty of Berlin it is by no means satisfactory that one of the diffi- ' cultiesit was desiq^ied to settle, namely, the , reatawgement of the Greek frontier, is stall in as undecided a state as ever. That it is so is to a great extent due it is to be feared to the apathy of the Beaconsfield Govern ment, supported by their majority in Parliament Before die Treaty of Berlin was signed, and while the issue of peace or war between England and Russia was still uncertain, Earl Bsaeanafield and hia col leaeues gave every encouragement to the aspirations of Oreece. Sing George was prepared for war in order to "wrest from Turkey the frontier provinces which were the aosnes of perpetual Philhe?enUtic .revolts; but an the representations of die British Goverament he refrained from beginning a straggle which must most seriously hare embanaased die already harassed Turks. He did co, how ever, on the distinct understanding that not only would die claims of Greece be considered, but that a rectification-of the frontier would be forced upon the Sultan. When the Congress met great was die disappointment of die Greek delegates to find that the British plenipo tentiaries treated all their -representations with cold indifference, and that promises were fotgotton when die necessity which had extorted diem had passed away. They were determined, however, despite die double dealing of die British Government and die apathy of die majority of die Great Powers, to obtain die concessions they | desired if possible. In their dilemma they tamed for assistance and sympathy to France, and it is to die credit of M. Wad dington. that he warmly took up their cause and pleaded it before die Congress. As if well known, the result was that one of the protocols of die treaty provided for a recti- : t ficatMmof the Graeco-TurMsh frontier, the arrangements for die delimitation of which were to be carried out by Commissioners appointed by both Powers; and while ex pressing a hope that an amicable arrange ment would be arrived at, the protocol states that "to facilitate the suoce?3 of die negotiations die Powers are prepared to offer their direct mediation." Since die signing of tbe Treaty the history of die frontier question has been one of long forbearance on the part of Greece, and con finoa enunon on We aiiie oT tie"i?oit?.- At fint there wm??- fbnf delay ia jpetntfneat of tte Ottopwn OominiaMona ■ • by the Saltao; and aexfo «ftor iro|i? Bf s^otiaJ&oDS;/tbe Cemuniarion?ti failed le come-to .M^r a^rangemapt.' The Tan]* aowie/htto «itar the frontier aoggeatect by.= ArTJ^>'aia;tlie'&r;^BJc Gtefertaribit abriiit«Jy ref qaeii *conceamon nqoirek.. TreabTCSoinaue?poei? were'agun^apnoin^Vr bat trith .m ttmUarirewlt f *oifc thj 490^ timru?ai?ei ?tar from *eingjsifltt^ats ewr., Ifeanwlile, anringihaia D^o6i&^a?-' *he fforks nsre been Jmayi iaj ientileing ~ the coast of Bpinu, so m t? wpeLany attempf at lnVs%(m^by thY QreelA *tt U not to be vroiijend at that the Frendh becanrt highly indignant: at tLe tbtnof affairs, and aitnoi^h uinrifling to disturb in any way the Enropein accord *lfy acting' independeotly of the other Pe«esB r the French Government strongly urged.upon. £DgLmd the neceesityfor mediation.. Tae ; matter was the .subject of interrogations both in the House of Lords and the-Howe of Commons, and jthe replies of the Go vernment were evasive and diesreditable It was not denied tfe?t tiae Gteeks had been ( promised a new frontier b;the Btltisn.Oo^ vemment as the price or abstaining from, hostilities against the Porte,, but Lord Beaconafield spoke of the previsions of the protocol with respect to Greece in a tone of atndied coldness. The recommendations, as. to the frontier were not, he eeemed.to con aider, to be "at all binding on. the signatories of the treaty," aad he con tended that the £hceek Government had never considered them to be so. Teohoi cally he is ne doubt right in pUciag on a different footing the recomnteodatio?s with respect to Greece from: the demands which were made upon the Porte ia other matters; at the same, time the recoquaen- . dations were those of all the Pt>we?j and the protocol would..scarcely have stated that, failing an amicable settbmenl between Turkey and Greece, the Bowers would j offer direct mediation had it not been in- I tended that the Porte should be> sound to carry out the suggestions- made. That the Greek Government viewed the matter i? this light has been swee aboadantiy evi dent ; and the repnasntatioaa of M. Wad dington show that France takes tfee awne : view of the matter. Despite then all that might be suggested as to the necessity of i: delaying interference on account of. the uncertain temper of the Porte, it was not to the credit of Lord Beacons field that he eaoaW attempt to evade intervention altogether. In doing so more- i over, the Earl was contradicting himself, not for the first time in the course of his political career, for on his return from Berlin he spoke of the Greek claims henow professes to ignore as constituting a danger and disaster as well for Turkey as for Greece if flwy re mained longer unsettled, and distinctly affirmed that the question was no longer an open one. . - It is some satisfaction that the! re monstrances of M. Waddington and the at titude assumed by the Gteek Gowfrnment, who have expressed^ their Jetermuatipn to appeal to arm* if fl, e Great Powers take 00 steps to coerce the Porte, have at last loused Hafl Beacobsleld to the necessity for action, aaitiaA Tary ebortlj a^con ference wBl aaaemble for the consideration of. the delimitation of .the Gjn?co-Tnrkish frontier. That- the "Greek Government w3i make any great Trifita?MHit on the terms they obtained at BeHin, in order to gratify the eel Move of the-flaltan, is not to be expected; nor wotdd'tfe Powers be Instined in ntaktng^fo^ jneOmaaads apon then. At a matter of justice aJso to the of the district^ili^it Was v£W frontier, .^Sb,tmx,U the ojiginal protocol should-ie «dnered to. Thejme> jorityof them are Greeks wldhave iodgf been groaning under Ottoman misrule, against which they have-been perpetually struggling j and now fliaifc they have teen antjeipaij!3^ radon with other Hellenes for so many ntf?tas, it 72^ *? *? i**^ to their national feelingl wen their hbpes frustrated. As to the protest of the AJba nians against the surrender to King Geprge of the sontbera portion of that province, from Janina to Arte, itisaoareely likeb/ fo cause the plenipotentiaries much trouble. The Albanians have not, although pre serving to a certain extent their eocial peculiarities and their language, anything approaching a national existence which would entitle their protest to con sideration. Further, even had they a recogniEed national position it would little affect the question, for it is the inhabitants of northern Albania who have protested against the cession, and not thaw of the j district named, whose interests and sympathies are bound op with, those of j Greece, and who speak the language of , that country. The Berlin protocol is, : therefore, the only equitable basis upon which the delegates of the Powers at the Conference can go, and the sooner the Soltan is made to understand this the better. It is most probable that the Porte will acquiesce quietly in the decisions of the Conference; but if not, having once entered tipon intervention,the Powers have only the alternative of compelling the fulfil ment of the treaty by force. It is perhaps not a pleasant contingency to look forward to, but such risks must be encountered when the national honor is involved in maintaining & particular line of policy which has the support of Europe. The Full Court will sit on Friday next at the usual hoar. - - Mr. W.JSverard.,J.P., has been elected • member of the Council of the University of Adehuder - Means. Waddington & Wright mre die mmifftil tenderers for tbe fist and seooftd —ctiona of the maim sewer for tiiedzainafn of tbe ?%, tbe amount of their tender being £8,472. lids portion «f the work wfli feejein at* point close to toe Hoapftal, and k to be eaoied to near tbe OaoL UntU it baa beea deOmtetr deaided which place ia moat asitable foe tte establivbaaeot of the sewage farm the other •Htiofai will not be proceeded with. We lean from the Postmaetet-Geaeral that the KJKJS.AewB left Oalle forAsbaUa at 10 • jn, on the 36th July. Ibe B.M^. Tan jere arrived at Galle bom Aoxtnlt& at 4 pjn. ontibeSdtfa. The f onndatioti-fltetae of the Adelaide Univeraity buildings on North-terrace waa laid on Wednesday afternoon, July 30, by HU Bxeel leney tha Goreruor. The oeremoDy excited a great deal of poblis interest. A large number of the menibea of both Houses of the Lenda tare,uiniiten of all deriominationi.ftnd ofieen of the Civil Service, accepted the invitations issued by the University Oaonoil. The Chan cellor opened tbe proceedings with an address renewing the efforts which had culminated tifl?aljpfOMia#en*tha«omplatkMi of theU?d ■ififf. *ne vXaaWbw fatr TfV Barlow &^ 1 ne?Qf«attwrrMigwaent?-«oiinaet?dwi?iflia - ;«*>KW£',;.i . ... -.".__ .. 3 A eeeent J^OTrtdegsam reported Out Hfee iaSf-aba* Jraems3?*ia Brindfaiandtfce Jivayad-im tendon. oa,Ja]* > 38_ 3P>"'KlTfl Messes. Sax* ■& Jfcmasn signed at Os* ofiee of tfc? Jtn^jnaai ia flliirf on Wednaadsr a eontnet for tbe-erectjen of tibe (HedstaM Gaol. The wmimw* ii aafcjMft. ...JEWKfifr/Gi lMmSSkb, newspaper igenV wa* but ««b:hi. a?enaon aelfoSyai, Tawtej Be m^-wia>\grtoa. aoadejtt. Hi. . .IhomMM, ma la Mglo rtgp fi? animal be wwla&iJEeallowiiana;?he wieeljtfautap - ■ TJ? jainfall between 9 %m. on Tuesday, ; an* H4wm boar o^Wa&eedar; Is «£?*««&. EaeU .„ ... OJNO|lfMmtnM«a*«dof ■ FewktSi?ay ... Oo9?iPortWakefi«M<H)ao \- fi^JWaflawo ~-«D? of the PBiraeviftr flTAdolaide. ftafdonliNa neaday afternflgayjfta Jjev. W. 8. Btanfard, Sfe Andrew, awra i?sjawMMil) jJmiHufl to the ■ degrea.pf Mistsraf A&*d amim i?.tbe "-TTTi—jg- if. nfrYiiiti OnOTedMedayMr. J. EL ParrsMd at Foxmby te Bcue't BMUt tiis inmocied':f3yaee dale stoWon Voting Champion & Kr. TRJpam Oliver, of Os Biter Bwaefaton,for jfcSSfcr^Tae imported tough* mare! Kate fetefcad %4, Bo*eJ?44 Ua,?f*dajn£39, Gw £U, fiMfU^ anaTlower £41.' - - ■-- :; • At a meetings of the West TarsafDu trict Ceancil, heW on ToMdar, Joly^BLtt^raa. <?llorSoi?pF«we7, MTbateoiuMd hee?Oced *** 5J?^ 1* «??««?« «? ??? mSSar expended in. fmang private procettY o« the Vie flnwj meeting of tha- Mercanlile. Marinfond Fire Inrarsnee Com^Kiy wufaeld. at U? offiw.Oiesfell^iticet, od Veteetd?j.Sr 23>onM Xlder pEeriding. 33m asport and ■alaiioB4BMt irhidi fiiliimadi a sJto?Mat?n? atatearaSain,«? •aopte^ aaa J^^kaaoc DirecWta were re-dectet ~ * OBMeaday gwainfrav TMBlwirirmry teet ing TrwTTffH in TTwtf' iiMaifln nf i|an oppoaed to Mr.9**mi*mf*laa tat opemmgibe mna«-i««d gjie IB—Juwtflgy-a ■'■■ill*| in M^ffi^y^i^-MWH ?«**;^?h?a tta %nMiw.lor the distdet (Hr. Uidebnao?^taalMM.ted topr«ide. [ •hfed*. In>|e?d*iafaa?bfcratta*>*,& «dada« FoylaAi?v, Pa^tofr'iritJihwiajWui "iiwyi jVwilr* ajm y*TiMiffMMTy wfll ob away. J3iqrw& afaaora «Dont 350 abattvn, tins jcananc warfarin tU ciQrwimAriU r^nv be filled iipbj pan at pceas?ksaem ioyed. . ■ .- . .-.,-. ,^'j There is at present A stock of potatoes onone«t the wharf■ at *prt AieUMtTtiiat has astnogeltHtotj. The potato* war^ grown at W^axraaniboeLand were ahipped thence to Hel bonme. Ai J&jbean;*.liter wste taken on boardJ&9iorSydaeyaatballut. Brom?jdney they came to >ortiaelaide,«afi wb are credi bly infdniad fiiay *re now to be taken by a al^bwndteirewca^tobaljaj*. , The BUnber of bnxtim «nd deaths^ re pirtered in«e <0«MaI Beg Mar Office dncinc «b« week eadea tMai* V ~ii^m,wtm^-SbO? -!S0 mata,? fiaaalai; Bartht a nulea, 17 finaUe; total—lSO birtfae, 39 dmtnar axeeH of bcrth^UL''Qe naabar taprtered in ft* aiMriat«r jUeteSfe wa*:-Birti?-aT male*. 17 female*; de?<S-^sttale\9fe?ale?iioUl -MMtti^SSoVatfas; «xoe?of fcbfeTal. The Menlndle coneimondent or tiio JFiaftoartft r«^r~pV «ay?r--Mt,W. Spmer pa«edboreontbel3?ft mrt,indteim>oTlgOOO bead «f .cattle fa~&delnde; Slat, Mr. Jofaa Uc£styr6 paiied'iHn in cfaat?D <tf SBS*eowiCar Adejaide, going down HU Darlinrj^Scd, Mr. jmaHUimi FEaOTeal aHWB*«nWfnIIDp'|BIBBBWCWWaI 850 cattle, Koing tfaio?gn tbe?aofar Bangea. About l&ff.; iriieap *a?v loJobo Station win ahorUy aiie tiw tWnae bonnd fot Adelaide, wtto?atrier?M?e*." -J4r. fliwge Fneaaa, the nunwgar of tlie MelbomnQ T*h(>tojT*nhifl Oonipattr. nas tbe^§S£^l?^^?^^an?j>fe aaiia «ontideria«ti?i4ato^l^irtaAlca?%tiKe whan the tmw waitanaa ?%,- L- y^ ju^t., ,.,; * ■?, q*Sl^J«t«W- AlttaoghMceamrily good, xbe lyiavnt endaan for 4&| the photngranh wu^fast befane the* i^A~ ma state of the ear -was not highly fa vscable for photograpM* wa*;«aitti«rpfatoMf'iij kT ory good one, and wiU fora a «nreair«t«liighly inlmeallat anil ■nawUnl fnak. , t _>_ ,&. rile jaatch'between five mem?era of theHatrUr AaiS"?*? 4'!? nfie«oi??aaies mi toedTjit-tbe Eedhgl taa?? on JulyTj&j; tea Tbbt. eaab-at «00 r 4?Vand 500 yai#L The ta?*t*t MOyacdi wa* «x 4; thebnfc* Ir I, <anf tiw oentn 4 x 8; at 400 aad.jMDbjardf, ex4,tndhwyeSx3,« aD tn4x<i. -■ ; A meeting of the shareholders of the Adelaide and rTinflmsrsh" Tramway Company m held at White 1* Arbitration Boomi on Wednesday afterno6o.4iily SO. The attendance was small Counci?orc*.Hagedonioocuniedtbe chair. Th<3>?«iMn«-«heet.whieh«how« l <i J&3335*. 7d.av*ileble far tfaeoo?etr?stionof Fhe Une. and the Director*' report, which was as' follows, were adopted:—"Bails and fittings an on baud ships OoUingnuT* and K«p«Bii?, from' r«yfa«?, and two earn complete, with wheel*,- axle*, sad fittings tor two more axe on board Addie B. Sleeper, boa New Tack. Timber is also ctmfing forarard and being stand at convenient plates near izamWay line Ko. 1, so that on the arrival of the ra?s and fittii^s the eooatnution of the line eaiLbezmi^dly?raeeededvith. The H-idmaimli BtMjeTfe w?Jbt—flera hare been accepted; u,tp be ojasaid far tnffie in lUy next, when ft U crperted toot tramvmy line No. 1 will beln perfect sacking order/ The retiring Disprtors, the Hon. J. CUtanMd Mr. J. E. Mitton, wete re-ele?ted, and the Direetots* fees wece fixed at tbefonaer rates. Uessrs. W. S. XkoDglas and D. Kekwiok we leappointed aaditnts, and their rfmcmerstion for the put anditwaettzedatj?3 3s. Adiseocakti a* to the propriety of taking the Uae to North jkdelude ioateftd of taking it ap to King* fPHliam etMatvUMde-ateSwaa inttitoteoTbV Kr. J. 6. Bpepoe,bnt a« ahataMdewjirespnt eueuiuJ to be advene to the proposed change of route. "~Tie. JIbS JUo?&Bttteot; Jane 2 writes thus on Baarian Jtredit.—"The nronsritif of tfce Snafiaa Oovernment do not alter it to wait any laager foe the revival of its credit abroad. All it? overtures to foreign financial hopaea having mt with no response, and its mar Against revolutionists and ineendUries m* Imbm «err3dy ineraanng taa eost«f ad muaatzation, it v obliged to have teemme to aooUier internal loan. It has mnsustuilall other means of raising funds. It has flooded the cooatay with prasnUes to pay which it is not likely soon to honor, sad which bare de preciated tike paper eoneaey eomaapastobe a warning against further ttsoes; It has also ased to the utmost-the «reditef tfae?ank, AsUnu&ottriea; S ohieripttons«B'l)a^ scale for some little time, it hopes ti>at the floatmgot a loanmay fcepraetio?ble. Aoeoefingly.it has pat forward the programrt?e of anew forced loan far 800 million roubles nominal, at somewhat under thirty millions'starling, the issue pries being fixed at &2kao that the amount to be received will be under twen|y-seren and a half millions sterling. The interest is 5 per oeai, and the time for subscription is spread over eleven monthH. Every kind of facility is provided for Capfc Ferryman ~.~i5'-tt $5 LJeat. Robertson ... 30 31 _i.fc Iieot. Waddle ... 38 3i 23 Sergt. Beysolda ... 31 20 SO PriTstelbfkrimiie... 40 . Si 88 77 84 103 91 162 175 157 1$ Nabbxdt. OvtVottn ... S( S8 Sft Iieot. Brock ... 38 35 31 Lieut. Soberts ... 82 38 31 Frirste Black ... 30 21 SO CrinteDiKn ... 33 27 16 187 159 1W 457 108 104 101 71 78 462 ■ijmiiiMS thn Buk, for example, being bound to advance 80p« cent, on the ■crip. Tftiafr h^myiU defence from official pres ■ajn. As interest begins tobepaidinNovem liar, the real price is lower than that stated above; still, there would be little chance of figabag the loan without offioisJ presrare," The quarterly meeting of the Chamber ttt Commerce ins held a& the office, Waymouth ■toett, on Wednesday. The Chairman (Mr. S. gotnVinnon) presided. The quarterly report, which was adopted, leteued to the anomaly Beating with respect to legal instruments known a* irrevocable powers of attorney, which seemed to open the door to the commission of fraudulent preference by unprincipled insol vent* Messrs. Knox & Gwynne'* opinion was that irrevocable powen of attorney were not included in the enactment providing that a bill I of sale to be valid against an awignee in insol- j rency or an execution creditor most be regis tered within 14 days of its execution. The Chamber had therefore requested the Govern ment to insert in the new Insolvency Bill a clause rendering it necessary to register powers of attorney in the same manner at required in the case of bills of sale. Satisfaction was ex pressed at the steps proposed to be takes by the Sydney Chamber of Commerce to bring abont a more fairly reciprocal trade between America and the colonies. Fear was expressed that the snudlneas of the penalties in the S&arebrokera; Bill would militate against its usefulness. Mr. Formby brought forward two important subjects—the resttictiouiontbecoast ing trade, which hampered its usefulness, and were quite unnecessary; and the necessity of the abolitivn. of the restrictions as to the dis charge of cargo from steamers in port. Mr. Formby's remarks were endorsed by Messrs. W. H Charnock (representing Stilling & Co.). and S. K. Wakefield (representing the P. fc O. Cim pany). The Chairman said the matters would fee eocaidered by the Committee of the Chamber ! if brought forward on resolution. A man named Neil Smith was committed for trial at the Narracoorte Police Court on Saturday, July 26, on two charges of obtaining goads and mosey by means of false representa tion*. The XvmeoorU Henii says:—-"He visited oar esteemed Presbyterian clergyman at bis manse on the sth instant, and after claiming to be not only from the same country, but from tbe same parish, unfolded a tale of wealthy beirship. There was, however, one link missing, which he wan sore the rev. gentleman could assist him in obtaining, and that was, unforta ta?atety,tb*wilL. That was In the possession of a Mr. >i«Tj?ii_ « missionary, whom the Bey. Mr. McCalaan happened to know some yean ago, and be promised Smith that he would endea vor to obtain his address in a few days if ha were stall in the colonies. The amount he stated to have been left w him by ibis will was £7,ooo;*trt having been deposited in the Bank of Victoria, Melbourne, nineteen Tear* ago, it had aeemmdatod now to £12,000. Meanwhile Mr. McOabnan wrote a letter, at Smith's re qsseat, to Messrs. Bright Bros, of Melbourne, asking liar aa advance oT£4O for him; this firm, aosordingto the tale, bavins; knowledge of tbe bsqvcatfaal and of Smith being on an errand of -mqairj. K«D was, however, somewhat short of cash, and fee obtained a cheque for £1 before leaving tite manse. It appears that the prisoner went to Mr. Cunningham's store and obtained goods to the valueof £3 13i.Sd.on the strength of a. similar tale of expected wealth, and pre sented an order on the Bey. D. MoCalman for the amount. In doe course Mr. Cub- Btegham presented the order for pay anent. Tbe swindle was then suspected, and Messrs. Bright Bros, were at once ejcnmnnioatad with to see if there was any troth in Smith's statements, but they replied that they did not know anything about Smith or the money he spoke of. An informa tion was laid, and the prisoner was arrested on "Wednesday last at Bdenbope and brought on to Serracoorte. Mr. Asshetoa, of the Commercial Hotel, was also a sufferer through his false re presentations to the extent of £118s. He tild tbe worthy landlord that be had jast arrived from home to take possession of an estate that bad been left him, and that he had any amount of money, but unfortunately it was all in 'Scotch notes.' We believe that at a small town in the Western District of Victoria the aaate man bad two respectable men arrested on a\ •barge of arsanlt and robbery, bat tbe case completely broke down, the defendants proving aa aLhi.. One of these men was at Narracoorte the day Smith was locked op, and evinced an anxiety to see if be was tbe same man that wronged him. On going to the oeil he at once recognised him." The Economist, writing on May 24, says trf tbe colonial wool sales:—"Toe surprisingly xapid increase in tbe importance of tbe TiftiMlfwi wtlo&s; of oolonial wool has been commented wpon on various occasions in this paper, and there is no doubt that they have greatly altered the character of the wool trade in many respects. Tbe imparts of wool into this country may now lie stated at about 400JOOOJOOO lbs. per annum— arise-tenths being colonial—and fully onrrhalf «*thi? import if boagfct by ferekoer* here and it&uipped; mainly to France, Belgium, and Ger aaaay. These imports have doubled in bulk daring tbe past fifteen yean, while tbe re shipments have been doubled in about ten years, and London has become the great inter national market in this trade. In fact the home dtp is now a matter of quite secondary importance to consumers. Last year was tbe Ink for a considerable period when the JaagdrCsafiowed any sign of falling off, but the jamimMs are now again conungforward in larger 'sjrtfitiliis. and the latest advices from Ans traEa (where there are more than twice the manner of sheep than are to be found in all the TTa3e3 Kingdom) lead us to «mn?in^n that the increased anpsdies will >fl<> But one of the'most striking features of the current year iuijiseen ffie great additional impetus given to foreign* puduMes here. Hitherto, as we ha*s fpmarlrfd, they have grown rapidly, bat" in the first four months of this year . the iabsease in tbe purchases by cooti .-'AEciaTbajrers has been no less *h*t 84 per nctjt j ani^j "tttf tiie <*-">wffc sales, it is said, they bjffclafeen as much as two-thirds of **>c *#wP?V" which has passed the hammer, nwsgftirieit year and this year there has ?b2hUGb| off in the quantities of colonial woo?nSHuned for English niannfart*l—' It is prsfcabte ihat'to tiie foreign element alone is to leattriSdt&ble; the support accorded to tbe quota cms of colonial growths during the put few tnn«?*l?« for while home-grown wools have con tinued to fall in price colonial have at last been aMe to stand their ground, and where quality has permitted it to show a tendency to recovery. There are signs that this tendency nay be yet farther developed; and if, as seems very possible, the colonial wool trade continues to (row in the future as it has in the past, the importance of these London sales bids fair to extend with it." A handsome block of buildings, adjoining -the Bogs! Chambers in Carrie-street, has been ecer^farMeasrs.A.M.Btckford&Soa.; The bnDdings have a frontage to Onrrie- street of 87| feet, and of 90 feet to Lngh-ttreet. There mre three stories, exslorive of the cellar, and ibetatHingi as viewed from Carrie-street have • fine apiiesimnrr. forming quite an ornament to tbe street. They will be known as Sick ford's Ba?dmg". The block comprises three warehouses, each having 27 feet frontage to Carrie-stnet with *> depth of basement and first floor of 80 feet, and of second and third floors 00 feet. The two upper storyg project 10 feet at the back above the lower floor, a covered way being thus provided for the pro tection of drays and waggons while loading and tunoading. The basement floor affordi first' olass cellarage accommodation, being well lighted and ventilated, while the height from floor to rafters is 13 feet. The flow is of jarrah timber. The rooms on the first, second, and third floors are lofty and well ventUattd, and an lighted in a manner that leaves inWilin to be desired. The first floor is IS feet'fefceight. and the second and third ctorye ejiitss.li 12 feet. The central aal eastern stores a** provided with sunlights, wh?e the western ■store, which has a frontage both to Oaiik sheet and Leigh-street, is lighted from Iteside. Bsen store is fitted with one of Daw's iislnit lifts, for which many advantages are ctetae* above those pomimei by the hoists ordinarily tued. Mr. Gariiek is the architect of | tin famldmg*, and the eenfcaet for their ; erection has been satisfactorily earned oat by Messrs. W. King ft Co. The coat of the whole block when completed will be fcetween £8/100 and £9,000. Messrs. Bidetord and Boa an now in possession of the western •tore, which has been fitted op in excellent style fir-tbe puiposns of their bnelness. The offices, wMeksre well furnished, are situated on the first floor, on which are also a large room used aw *be sandries and show department and the asteki?g sod receiving rooms. The drug room, wUeh is on-the seeood floor, is very spacious and •ocmnisat, «be medicines being arranged on the lifteeiptekncwntethetrsdeaitbesepttatiott of tte **dry" from the "wet," which simply Mean* Ac division of Hands from drags of a ■slid dhSMeter. Oa ti*e third floor goods in *oJk are kept, the cellar also being used for the mwsaa purpose. Booms for beetle-washing and otter conveniences are provided. The usual monthly meeting' of tbe Coan tflof tie National Bme Association was beta «* the Staff-Office on Wednesdar afternoon. July 90\. Ue«W3oL Scott (President) jiresided. Ther was a good attendance. With reterenos to aa intercolonial rifle contest the Secretary of the Sydney Bine Association forwarded a resolution passed by tbe Council of that Association a* follows:—"That there shall be an Exhibition Intercolonial Match fired in Sydney, open to all countries or colonies, with the'Henry'—New South Wales military rifle—tea men a aide; also f P KWiihititm Intercolonial Aov-rifla Match, open to teams of five men from any Bine Asso ciation or dub in any part of tbe world, one team only being eligible from each Association, and that suitable trophies will be presented to the winner* in each match." He stated in addition that it was probable tbe matches would be fired in November. Fall details had not yet been arranged. The Henry rifle had been named for the military match, as the Australian colonies being armed withatleast three different kinds of rifles it would be more convenient for all to use the Henry, as the Sydney members could lend a number sufficient to supply all comers. A communication was also received from the Secretary of the Victorian Bifle Asso ciation, stating that unless the conditions pro posed by the New South Wales Bi&e; Associa tion for their Exhibition International Match were modified his Association would be unable to send a team to Sydney this year. His Coun cil ooaaidered the small-bore rifle • mere toy. He said :—" The condition imposing on the visitiDg teams the necessity of firing with the New South Wales rifle is inequitable, and eau not be entertained. The match is open to re presentatives of all nations. Possibly an Ame rican or English team may compete. To compel them to give up the rifle which they are accus tomed to and fire with a strange ride, while the New South Wales team retain theirs, appears to make the match a very one-sided one. My Council is of opinion that such • match, to be what it really purports to be (aad what your Council no doubt intended), an international match, ought to be fired with the weapons with wittiea.cn team as part of the defence force of each nationality is armed, the object being to test not merely tbe relative shooting but also tbe weapons and system in existence in each State. The only other course which presents itself as offering equal advantages to the com peting teams is to exchange rifles and fire twice over, as was done in the last match between the two colonies." The Secretary was instructed to write to Sydney, stating tint the South Austra lian Association agreed with the Victorian Asso ciation that each team should use its own 1 weapons. James Bradley forwarded, under protest, the amount of a claim made for damage done by him to a rifle. W. J. Ponder,Seeretary to the Saddleworth Bifle Company, wrote, stating that twenty members of the Company would not par their aubscriptioni, and asking whether the Government would recognise the Company as a body should the subscriptions for I a leas number than twenty be forwarded. To I be instructed to forward tbe subscriptions re ceived and sue for the rest if not received before July 31. Captain Boberte, of tbe Blyth Bifle Company, wrote, asking whether "the use of slings would be allowed in firing in the forthcoming match; whether a railway pass could be sent himself and lient. Sampson; if corporal* of Bifle Com panies form with the supernumerary rank or not; if in class-firing a man did not get out of tbe third class with his first twenty rounds, was he allowed to fire a second time, and so on until he has fired hi* sixty rounds." To be in formed chat the wearing of a uniform would be apan; that the Secretary bad been instructed to communicate with the volunteers as to the question of slings; that corporal* always tosk a place in the ranks; and that a man would be allowed to fire his sixty rounds in trying to get up to hi* class. A letter received from a country dub asked if the uniforms could be made by local tailors. To be answered in the affirmative. The Inspecting Officer (Oolonel Oownes) wrote, asking that tbe Smithfield and Onkaparinga Clubs, having less than twenty members en rolled, might be dissolved. A letter from the Pott Augusta Bifle Company waa received, enquiring whetner Dr. Win. *f«rlrtiyn, who was a member of the company, could be allowed to assume the ranks of corps surgeon. To be informed tnat the Council did not object to surgeons taking such a position, providing they were members of companies and duly-qualified medical practitioners. The uni form they would have to wear would be that of a captain, without the distinguishing badge. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Attorney-General, asking that member* of tbe South Australian National Bifle Association might be exempted from serving on Juries. A dis cussion took place with regard to letters which had appeared in the Stgitter on the subject of the recent appointment of officer* of the Bifle Association. It was pointed oat that without the appointment of these officers the men would be simply a useless body, and that tbe staff appointments were left entirely in the hands of tbe Governor, and not with the Inspecting Officer or the Council. Captain Lovely wished tbe Council to consider the advisable' ness of confirming these appointments, but it was decided that the Council had T>r?ftii¥ig to ido with The Trpininn 'was exprest ed that the Bifle Companies Act ought to be more specific, and.a Snb-Committoe was ultimately formed to examine the Act, see where it was defective, and report. A Sub- Oommittee, consisting of Lieniaaant-Ooloael Scott, Captain Lovely, lieutenant Carter, aid Adjutant Woeds, was appointed to prepare a programme and regulations for * prise meeting to be held in connection with tbe Associaiion. After some routine business, the meeting ter minated. The half-yearly meeting of the new Paramatta Mining Company is to be held to day at Temple Chambers, Carrie street. The half-yearly meeting of the Glenelg Bathing Company is to be held at Morialte Chamben to-day. A meeting of the Adelaide Steamship Company is to be held at the of?ce of the Com pany, North-terrace, tills afternoon. A lecture on " Digestion and Indiges tion" is to be given at the City Mission Hall this evening by Dr. Thomas. We have received from Mr. G. H. Manning, of Sing WiHiam-atzeet, a cabinet photograph of Mr. J. Tferman, the well-known spiritualistic and beethought lecturer. The photograph is an excellent one. A sacred concert is to be given at the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, this evening. A service of sacred song, entitled " Nothing to Nobody," is to be given for the first time in Adelaide at the Flinders-street Baptist Church this evening. Tenders for the Grand Stand and Booths Kos. 1,2, and 3, at the Duke's Birthday Meet ing, were opened at Mr. Barnard's office on Wednesday, and the tender of Mr. J. Hamlin, of tbe Pier Hotel, Glenelg, waa accepted. A meeting of the Jockey Club Company will take place at noon to-day,at Mr. Barnard's office, for the purpose of confirming the reso lutions psssed at a previous meeting for increas ing tbe capital of the Company to purchase the Morphettville Baoasourse. A concert will be given in St. Bartholo mew's Sunday-school, Norwood, this evening. The performers will be the *«i«lai<i? Amateur Minstrel*. This troupe consists of a number of gentlemen who have frequently sung in public, and comprises one wbo has a very good soprano voice, from the use of which great things are expected. " Tba programme will consist of songs and choruses rendered in character. A football team, composed of members of the theatrical prof enskm, will play a match with tiu Norwood Club on Saturday. The theatrical players will appear in fancy costume. The proceeds will be devoted to the benefit of those members of tbe company at tbe Academy of Music wbo suffered most severely by the failure of the lessee, and are at present in Ade laide. "Amos Clarke" was repeated at the Theatre on Wednesday evening to a good house. I Tbe play was well received, and Mr. Biguold gained bod applause for his """dlnnf acting in < the title role. To- night " Henry V." will be reproduced. Mrs. 0.8.W. Lewis aad Mr. Fred Thome, wimedian. make their appearance on Saturday night m Walla's hiatorioal drama, "Jane Shore." Mr*. Lewis, bettor known to \ Aririsifle playgoers as Boss Bdouin, is an old favorite; and Mr. Fred Thorneoomes to us with unqualified credentials, having bean for yean a favorite in Melbourne and other cities. Mr. D'Arey Read's Ghost entertainment was repeated at White's Booms last evening. If ghosts do not walk elsewhere in Ad«i?M« there can be no question as to the locomotive powers of Mr. Bead's spectre*, and their sing ing and dancing is by no means to be despised. Throughout the evening the audience testified their approval of the performers who came and went so mysteriously by hearty applause. One of the ladies obtained a well-merited encore for her rendering o£ that pretty ballad, "The Shamrock of Ireland." The entertainment will be repeated this evening. 