ONLEY MEMS. (from our own correspondent.) Monday, Feb. .3; The heat has been great on the plains. Animals from man downwards ; aiid vege tables from the tiniest blade to the loftiest of the Eucalyptus family feel its effects. In the mineral kingdom the soil and rocks bear evidence of the drought ; the rivers and streams shrink under the warm embrace of the sun God. The glass has. on several days m the shade at Milawa reached 112deg. . Beneath the scorching rays of Phoebus men work and per spire ; and them faithful servants and humble friends the horses toil at the strip pers and rakes, and other agricultural implements, from sultry mom until sultrier eve. As yet I have not heard of sunstrokes oil the plains amongst man-kind, though" several deaths from excessive heat have occurred amongst the horses and weak cattle. Heat, to 'the contrary, notwithstanding, tifc announcement that the celebrated Lynch family of bell-ringers would display. their powers at Kettle's Milawa Hotel, on Friday the 31st ult., attracted a large audience. The hall was crowded, and notwithstanding the great heat the-pro- gramme, which was an extensive one, was carried out in its integrity to the great deligiit of the assembled crowd. . ./ The1 bell-ringers were lis wonderful and as accurate as ever ; Mr Yerton as amusing in comic specialities as he was -tender in ballad, and agile in his terpsichorean feats, and Mr James Warde xyas a most, efficient pianist. The Lynch Family's per formance terminated with the "laughable farce of the "Ghost in aPawnshop." " As to excite laughter was the end in view, of the arranger ot the ' situations,- -and" the writer of the dialogue, it - must .haye been satisfactory that, .laughter,. "WAS fil fcpfl f.n f.hp 11 fmrvef A. QivrrAwo'l my young. friends of both sexes have , ach ing sidfes caused by am over- indiilgencb in ..the, exertise of their risible muscles. - The' moral of- -this j isg' ' Beware of excess. " Ko w easy-. to<-; preach moderation ! how difficult under teiuptatioii tojact' iip to' our expressed views ! Experience does "it, as your own can vouch for.' On Friday he had the pleasure- of enjoying' a picnic at Richnujndp th'e residence oK Mr' Henley, ancl the happiness of passing the day in the shade .of -the willows with water pumped, up' 'by a Persian wheel; meander ing on three circles of an angular piece of motheiyearth, where young andkind faces; and pleasant cooling drinks, and light laughter - made the hours pass pleasantly away, j As the shades of evening closed, busy figures helped to pack the boxes, ancl the lo wiier walked me over his hop plan tation. j This' is so. well arranged for irriga tion, that one man can in two days irrigate the whom of tllrf olantafinn .cnnaiQf.inrr r.f some 12 j? ames. MrHenleyhas nowbeenen- gaged hop .growing for many years, "and ecn j eai his past fexpenence has enabled hnn to j add some improvement for the cultu l e pf the hou, so that! even now when drought' has injured Ins cereal and tobacco crqp, ins hops-wall tm-n-:outJv;ellM-.Ahore beautuui sight than the hop vineyard now ist is (luhyult t j conceive. Mr Henley Will b= en.Jblea) to £Kld to his plantation next v eat so.me-nveiioros, which ne is now preparing igr tiijit jpmpossg Having been gratified- by the m tormaigon (imparted to me, and pleased with the luxuriant and beautiful crop. I wandered through ;' I ar med ll <j 1)1 xesl-iCilee l>sl As thdkoUim pqop1 ' 'love' up fi j mci, whei&.we liaCl eniyyecl ourselves. A hospitable'-wid mcely qrraved meal ws on the table" of wluenwie HAd Yo partake; ami then- t he host s . jldoQt d-MigLitei diavnig.jdonned lyei lulling fliDit, a|d mounted hei steed, ancl hvL. two having got. nnio the lai'-iaio® cli.iY._-ii Ov their .brother,- thai IicSj ss Uoi.oie i YomO n' by" n.<> mt- j rog into his buggy, and then a merry I party, we started for Milawa, to enjoy the :1| Lynch Brothers entertainment. We did '3 so, and on its successful termination a 'f dance was arranged, and old and young "P kept it up until daylight did appear! Amongst the old was " Your Own," who can preach moderation, but, alas ! caunot practice it. Sunday I tried to write hut - could only nod my wearied head, and at length, yielding to the drowsy god's influence, I had a siesta all day. This " rest has enabled me this Monday morning to "write out my notes of the Oxley Coum cil meeting and my Oxley mems, which \ for the present I will conclude with a notice of a concert to take place at the f Oxley Shire Hall on Thursday, 6th of February, 1S79. The concert is in aid of the funds of the Oxley church, which funds require much replenishing I regret 't5: -s/r i -.-i.-_. -i buwhu. jixuuy laaies ana gentlemen Irom Oxley, Laceby, and Wangaratta give their valuable services on the occasion, and as their musical talents are well known, it h 4 to be hoped that a large and appreciative jS audience may assemble at the Shire TTall l| on the occasion to gratify themselves by || listening to "siveet music," and at the J same time to .benefit the funds of the JH church. " Your Own" will be there, and 11 as his musical criticism are a wonder, the W< fair vocalists and instrumentalists and the gentlemen amateur artists will have the M pleasure to see themselves handed down to Jfe fame and posterity in the columns of Iht 3jg Ovens and Murray Advertiser. '% ik 