JOHNNY GEDDES ; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER XXIV. — I AGAIN MEET THE GENTEEL BEGGAR, WITH A COMPANION CHEAT-THE-WIDDIE, AND AM LEFT BY THEM IN A PERILOUS PLIGHT. Awa' in the far, far north between Thurso and Strathie Point, there lies a long line of massive cliffs, which have been stormed against by the sea for centuries withoot being muckle the waur o' the wear, and which I made it a point to stop and contemplate in awsome reverence every time I visited that sparsely - inhabited region. At some parts indeed it was a fearsome sicht to look doon hunders o' feat straught as the plummet onto the angry sea or rough rocky beach — the bleak home o' thousands of sea maws and other quacking tribes of the mighty deep. And the sea itsel' ! Save us, it was like a lost spirit — a chained Satan — doomed through time and eternity to lash himsel' into white foam on the sharp rocks, and there to howl and moan, and sigh, as if every moment was an age of misery. Many a time hae I watched the long shoots of water dashing up the face of the rock, and creeping in a curly-wurly way into the crevices, and then imagined that they were long arms trying to grip the puir rocks, and pu' them doon into a common ruin — fit emblem of the toiling gripping warld, which, not content wi' being unhappy itsel', wad fain pu' the Christian doon to the same ignoble level. Here, then, I was planted towards the close of a sweet and balmy summer day, having loused my pack and left it at the edge of the road at my back, and walkit forrit to the edge of the cliff, free alike from care of burden, and just enjoying a snack of rest, with the delightful and cool sea breeze playing aboot my chafts, afore walking on the remaining seven miles to the bit apology for an inn where I proposed to put up for the nicht. Crinkie, winkie ! little did I dream of the queer lodgings I was to occupy. I gazed doon on the growl- ing sea and angry breakers, feeling that strange sensation — a queer yuikiness, as it were, aboot the feet and heart, egging me on to jump doon wi' a great swim through the air — straught as a sea-maw diving at a herring — though perfectly conscious that it wad end in instant death. Deed, after a', I dinna wonner at daft folk whiles jumping into eternity when they find themselves on a favorable brink, when wise folk feel the same queer desire. Some gruff voices talking earnestly awa' back on the road I had just quitted roused me from my eird contemplation, and looking roond I could plainly discern the forms of twa men, dressed as sailors. Noo, I hae aye hae'n an unco notion o' the society of these free-hearted chiels, but upon this oc- casion my steps in their direction were quickened by the fact that the subject o' their crack seemed to be my ain pack which I had left on the ground, but which they were now very coolly proceeding to carry off. Speeling up to the road and bursting through the whins and bushes that skirted the road, I cried oot — "Gude day to ye, gentlemen. I'll thank ye for my pack." As I spoke, the twa started, and jerkit oot their hinder ends as if I had been a bogle, and drappit the pack as if it had suddenly grown red-hot: and then I saw that they were sailors only in dress — ane having his leg doubled back at the knee and inserted in a tree leg, and the other, having but one arm visible. In a word, they were twa of thae ill-faured deil's buckies that gang trokin aboot wi' smuggled gudes, as they ca' them, consisting gene- rally of hempen rope dune owre wi' tobacco leaf, which they pretend to sell at a great risk and sacrifice. Even at a first glance it struck me that there was some- thing familiar aboot the face and features of the langest and skinniest of the twa — he wi' the tree leg — a suspicion which was very speedily to be confirmed. Seeing that I was nae bogle, but a com- mon looking packman, they gathered courage, and Maister Treeleg rather roughly demanded — "What makes the pack yours ?" "Money and fair words," I coolly re- plied, "combined wi' a gude modicum o' industry and perseverance. My name's Johnny Geddes, and if ye've heard o' me afore ye'll ken that I'm no ane to lay claim to what's no my ain." "Johnny Geddes ?" echoed Treeleg, grinding the words through his teeth as if the name brought back unpleasant recollec- tions of days gaen by. "Ha ! I thought I knew the face. Curse you ! don't you know me ?" and the hoary heided sinner pulled aff his glazed hat to gie me a better sicht of his auld pow, when wha sud I re- cognise but my former foe, the genteel beg- gar. "Now," he said, with deadly dis- tinctness, shoving his nose sae close to my face that I shrank back in dismay, "you have no cadgers at hand to help you ; what is to prevent me from having it out of your skin for what you did to me in Inverness ? Speak ! what de you think of me now ?" "Think ?" stammered I, "I think you're like the tod's whalps — aye the aulder the waur. Ye ought to be ashamed o' yoursel', gaun' stravaigin' the country tellin' a' manner o' lees — now a broken schulemaister, and then a sailor wi' a tree leg. I'se warrant if yer leg was ta'en aff, and a policeman or twa put at yer back, ye could run." All this I uttered in a loud and firm tone of voice, though feeling anything but com- fortable at heart; but the scoundrel was past all hearing, and only grippit me sud- denly by the throat in a way that nearly stoppit my breath, and then, nearly shaking the harrigles ooten me, he cried into my lug — "Curse you ! do you remember what you did to me ? Do you remember the hole — the mud — the thrashing — the drowning — the clipping off of my hair ? Now I mean to kill you !" "Na, na — that wasna my wark ; it was the cadgers did a' that," I gurgled out. "I'm o' a forgiving disposition, and pleaded sairer for ye than ye deserved." "Then you'll never plead more, for I'll pitch you over the rocks, pack and all. You'll never be missed, and I'll sleep sounder knowing I've paid a long standing account." "Fegs! there's aye twa at a bargain," cried I, and in a moment I had brought up my hands to his scraggy throat, and chokit him off, while at the same moment I hookit his tree leg oot below him, which sent him clyte backwards on the hard road ; and then, stooping to snatch up my pack, I was just about to mak' off at a gallop, when his companion suddenly produced twa arms, and springing stridylegs on my neck, and there held me till his evil companion had unstrapped his tree leg, and brought it wap doon on my skull, which sent a' my wits a wandering, and caused me to drap like a log. Then afore I could stir a foot, they belted my hands thegither ahint my back, and kickit me like a useless bundle off the road and in among the whins, whither they speedily followed, bearing my pack, which they coolly proceeded to open out afore my een. Being in a manner dung donnert by the cruel blow on the head, I only remember lying staring at them, unable to say a whist in protest ; till they had made such selections as they thought ad- visable, and were aboot to throw the re- mainder owre the rocks into the sea, when, in spite of danger and loss, my ideas were suddenly quickened at sic wastriferie. "Hooly, hooly, Maister Treeleg," I managed to say in imploring tones ; "a' the gudes cost siller, and if ye hae nae use for them yerself, rather tak' them wi' ye and gie them to some puir body than throw them intil the sea." "You shut up. We're going to kill you directly, so it won't matter to you what be- comes of the trash," he harshly growled in reply. "One thing, you've no further use for your money, so you'll please to let me take it quietly." My senses were now getting glegger, and my desire for life keener, and the thought of losing my money proved sae gude a stimu- lant that I kickit and funkit maist nobly — nearly flattening the nose of Maister One-arm in the process — while they with difficulty rippit my pouches, and then breathlessly settled themsel's to divide the money atween them, after tying me into a helpless bundle wi' strips o' my ain gude cloth — it gangs to my heart to say it — worth at least six and sixpence the yard. But there was waur to come, as ye shall sune hear. After a lock dark whisperings and nudg- ing among themsel's and queer looks at me, that make the very blude curdle aboot my heart, Maister Treeleg was pleased to say — "Well, what are we to. do with him ? We haven't got much money out of him, and the trash is scarcely worth carrying away, but we'll take the rest out of his skin. Of course I want him killed, but in a way that will leave no trace behind." "Pitch him over the rocks," said the other, very coolly and indifferently, seeing that it wasna his skin that was to suffer. "When the tide comes up in the night time he'll be carried away to Ameriky or Australia, or some of them parts, and no- body a bit the wiser." Treeleg thought a wee, gaed forrit to the edge of the cliff, and peered owre long and curiously, and then cam' back with his deil's e'en twinkling wi' malicious hate. "No," he said, in tones that from their very carelessness gaed through me like a wheen sharp knives ; "I don't like the idea of smashing him on the rocks ; his blood might spatter and leave marks. If the sea was up I shouldn't mind ; but, come here ;" and he led the other forrit to where he had been peering owre. "Do you see that narrow ledge about half way down ? Sup- pose we drop him over on to it, and leave him there ? A good idea, eh ?" And he poked One-arm in the side wi' a sly laugh that nearly took my senses awa' But One-arm slowly shook his towsy pow in demur. "Don't see how it would do," he du- biously replied. "It must be nigh fifty feet down, and even that distance of a fall would kill him. Besides, he'd roll off, if it was only for perverseness — men always do when you are killing them— I've seen it often — they're like pigs— they won't take it easy when you're putting them out of pain." "Poh, you don't understand me," im- patiently answered the other, just as the creeping sensation on the top of my scalp tellt me that my hair was rising on end. "I mean to tie some of his rags together into a rope, and lower him to the shelf, and leave him there." "Scarcely strong enough to bear his weight," doubtfully remarked the other. "But, of course," he added, brightening up, "if the rope should break it would be no great matter — he'd die all the quicker," and then the twa hotched and laughed as if it was a rale capital idea. "Yes," added Treeleg, "and if he doesn't roll off he is likely to shout a long while before anybody brings him grub. He'll have a sympathy for folks ever after." "Yes, if there's any of 'em where's he's going to," replied One-arm. "But let's get the thing done, We'll have lots of time, and he can't very well chase you this time. But, somehow I'd like to see him over the cliff first before we begin to brag." With that they set to, no heeding my piteous cries and expostulations mair than they had been the squealing of a grumphie ; and deliberately tore up my gude wabs o' cloth into long strips, which I could hae wished were stronger and broader; and having thus formed a long rope and pitched the rest of my stoutherie owre on to the beach far below, they fastened the end of the contrivance roond under my oxters, and then wi' muckle nichering and lauching — in which I couldna be expectit to join — they carried me to the edge and begoud to lowre me, as I thought, to certain and instantaneous death. What my feelings were during the awfu' lowering business I would fain describe, but I canna. My very heart stood still within me, and a' my senses begood to swirl and darken. It was, indeed, a terrible plight— ane that I wadna wish to my greatest enemy — dangling in mid air by a skrunt of cloth that might gie way at ony moment and send me tumbling the wull- cat doon on the rocky beach below, where the sweeping tide wad speedily efface a' traces of my existence, and carry my chouch remains into the big stamack of some hungry cod, whence the buttons of my waistcoat might long after be rakit oot on some kitchen dresser in London, or thereawa', to excite the speculations of the curious and scientific. From this terrible dwam of fear I was roused by suddenly feeling my feet strike something hard and firm, and, looking down, I at once found that I was fairly landed on the broad ledge they had spoken of. At the same instant a shout abune gared me look up, and there I beheld the ugly faces of the twa mur- derous deevils peering owre, and violently requesting me to lowse the rope and let let them pu' it up again — a maist unreason- able request, seeing that I was tied hand and foot, and helpless even to turn mysel' owre on the ledge. Finding at last a' their shooglings and tuggins couldna rouse me to a single motion they at last let go the end of the rope from abune, and let it drap doon bodily on my heid — a circumstance that I had afterwards occasion to be thank- ful for. Then, as a sort o' parting thrust, Master Treeleg shouted doon — "Good night to you, old codger. We're going along to the nearest inn to enjoy a soft bed and lots of tommy and drink out of your money. If you happen to roll off in the night time we'll be happy to see your ghost to-morrow morning at breakfast with us. Don't forget now," and then the twa nichered awa', like fiends looking owre the brink o' hell, with their ugly physogs convulsed and deformed by every evil passion. But as for me, I was quite unable to reply. Little indeed did I dream of being able to keep the cruel appointment; and I am not ashamed to confess that at that moment I was busily engaged in prayer, believing that the hale world, sae far as I was concerned, was coming to a speedy end, and that the sooner I made my peace wi' my Maker, free from sinful thoughts of retaliation and revenge, the better for my eternal welfare it wad be. My position was not altogether uncom- fortable, as the ledge slippit inwards, and was covered with rock plants at ilka crevice as well as guarded at ae side by a big boot- tree, growing clean oot of the face of the cliff. But still I had nae hope of being rescued ; and when the twa scoundrels took themselves awa', I fairly broke doon and grat in the loneliness of my spirit. I could see, far below me, the heedless sea maws calmly floating and fluttering owre the deep sea, uttering cries of joy as they chased ilk ither from wave to wave ; and their freedom and happiness only made my ain imprisoned state the waur to thole. By-and-by the hale surface of the broad ocean stretched oot apparently in intermi- nable immensity before me, grew red and dusky wi' the glow of the setting sun. The clouds abune were a furnace of fire, burn- ing darker and darker as the sun declined. Right in front of my nose a wheen midges and lady birds were buzzing joyously about, bathed in the crimson light and happy in their hour, while I eagerly but vainly scanned the red sea for the glisk of a sail. "Ah, me," wailed I to mysel', "I wish I was a fleein' cloker or a midge that I might sail awa' through the air to safety and repose. What's a' that beauty and burn- ing radiance to me that have been despoiled of my gudes and money and left here to perish. I maun shout — yell — or my heart will burst !" and wi' that I set up the maist dreadfu' cry that ever was heard — that of a lion or a teegur could be naething to it — rousing the maist erie echoes and fright- ning awa the sea maws and maups below me in white clouds. But to a' my din there cam' nae response. The sky darkened into night, the red clouds lazily floated them- set's awa to the horizon, and then the clear moon arose and lighted the broad stretch of water with its green mystical glimmer ; but I was still bound and a prisoner. That I was not to remain sae may be guessed from the fact that I now sit writing the account of it; but how the escape was effeckit, and what followed it, I maun re- serve for another chapter. (To be continued.) 