CONDITIONAL PURCHASERS. At Gunning.— Andrew Drinnn, -10 acros, parish Cullarin ; John Quigloy, 100 acros, parish Crook- woll ; John Dovino, 40 ncros, parish Blaknoy j Stophcn Butler, -10 acres, parish Wheoo ; P. D. Brady, 10 acres, parish Nurrawa ; Mary Cathorino Penning, 10 acros, parish Narrawa; Isaac Shop- herd, 80 acres, parish Iloronor. All in tho county of King. At Guniuoai. — Georgo Manwnring, 10 acres, Coonoy ; John Caroy, 10 acres, North Gundagai i Thomas lloyton, 53 ncros, Nangtts ; Stafford Dawsett, 10 acres, Willio Ploma. At Co itamundua — John Morris, 10 ncros, .Billabong; Jamos Diggons, 200 ncros, Coonoy. Chowded Out.— Owing to unusual prossuro on our spu.o wo are compollod to hold ovor tho report of tiio mooting of tho Yass Racing Oiub, and other matter which has beou propped for this issue. English Mail,— Loiters intended for despatoh by tho Ii.M.S. Australia, via San Francisco, will have to bo postod at Yass boforo 9,30 p.m. on Wndnosdny (to- morrow). Suri'lies fou Hospital.— A mooting of tho mombers of tiio hospital hoard callod for last Friday afternoon to considor tho tenders for aupplios to that institution, lapsod for wont of n quorum, tlioro boing prosont Mossrs. J, Curran, M. Cordon, and J. Collins, A Metmir. — A brilliant motoor was obsorvod botwoon twclvo and odo o'clock last Sunday morning to fall and burst into a hundrod corru- scating fragments in tiio diroction of tho raoo- coullc ut Yass, For a few seconds tho portion of tho sky whero tho phenomenon oconrrod was lit up with oil unusual brilliancy, and this meteoric light soomod as if it proceodod from a discharged sky rocket, so docidod woro tho colours of tho fragments into which it broku and striking woro thoy in their variety and brilliancy. Tho track of tbo meteor was S.S.E , nnd was discernnblo by tho observant oye after tho courso of tho star had b:-on (i unshod. Telloiiapiiic. — Wo undorstand that Master John Hugh Carter has been appointed as proba tioner in too Yuss tolcgraph office. Tho frionds of Mr. Lnssen, who was lntol.y rotnovod to Parramatta, intond prosonting liira witli a testimonial, in acknowledgment of his obliging disposition nnd considernto conduct whtlo in Yass. Tin: Criminal Cai.endf.r. — Undermentioned nro tho list of cases sot down for trial nt tho Assizo Court to ho held at Yass on next Monday, 1st April : — William Curroll alias Driscold, larceny ; Tlioa. Watson alias Georgo Loddon, obtaining goods undorfalso protonces; Lawrence | Ilnye", honstinlity ; Chnrlos Henry Mallon alias Smith, and Williuin Sargent alias Jouos, forgery and uttering. Pigeon Match. — A privato pigoon match camo oh' on Saturday aftornoon last, in Mr. Sampson's paddock. Tho competitors woro Mr. P. Camp- boll, soiir., and Mr. II, Quinn, and tho affair which was got up to tost tho skill of tho two sportsmon was an intorostingono. Thodistanco was twonty-fivo yards and otio hundred yards boundary. Mr. Campbell killod his birds in good stylo, Tiio rospoctivo scoros boing Camp- boll, 10 1 siuglo, and 1 0 double allots; Quinn, 0 1 I single, and 0 0 double, Tho formor was adjudged the. winner, and ho took tho birds. Tito match was attondad by somo twenty towns folk. CttooiLWKLL Agricultural and Pastoral Siiow. — At tho Crookwoll Agricultural and Pastoral Association's show, hold last Thursday, a bushol of mammoth wheot, presented to tho association by Mr. J. K. llumo, nf Yass, wns awardod o 3pooial priao, £1, which was afterwards returned as a donation to tho funds. At tho Innchoon, Mr. liuiiiu prupuHuu auuuusa tu wiu wruuitwuu cultural and Pastoral Association, which ho cha racterised ns equal to tho long-cstablishod association of Yuss. IIo highly oniogisod tho aliovv and tho nrrongoinonts connoctod with it. Subsequently, when returning thanks for tho prizo-winnors, &c; , Mr. llumo said that ho doBirod to havo tho mammoth wlioat ho prosonted sown in tho southern district, as ho thought it would do well horo. IIo was tho only ono who iiad grown it in tho southern district; but that it should be introduced was bis objoot in ofi'oring t us a special prizo. It yioldod sevonty-five bushels to the aero. Mr. J. W. Bray, (tho pro- aident) proposed " Our Ivindrod Societies." IIo was sorry ho could not couple Goulburn with '.ho list, but trusted ho yot would have that pri vilege. Ho spoko in high terms of tho Yuss shows, from which ho hod taken his two silver cups. — Mr. Hume rospondod, roforring to tho Yass socioty, whiob during the last wook had shown itself in a prosperous condition. Tho question of wool ho Buid was an important item with shoop-farmors, and in connoction with this tho epoaleor gavo somo vuluablo information. Insolvency. — Peter Murphy, of Two Milo Crook, Murrumburrab, farmer. Liabilities, £392 18s. lid., of which £210 is sooured. Assots, £-129. Prossuro of creditors. Mr. Sandoman, official assignoo. — In Sydney, on Thursday, tho chiof commisBionor confirmed account currant and plan of distribution in the estute of Harold Maple- f.oft Davis, dividend of 17s. 2)d. in tho £ on pre ferential debts. Parish Road. — It has boon declared oxpodiont to open nnd mako tho undordoscribod parish rond : — Road from tho south boundary of G. Wilson's 40 ncros C.P., No. 35, to a rosorvod road within G. Wilson's 40 ncros O.P. No. 33, parish of Opton, county of King. Plan, &o;,, to bo soon nt tho polico odico, Burrows. Gt'n'dan.m. — Vendors for additions, &c.;, to tho court-house, Gundagai, roquiro to bo lodgod on or boforo tho 23rd April noxt. Plans, &c.;, may bo 3een of tho conrt-houso, Gundagai. Fish River Cave. — Tho discovery of anothor beautiful ouve at FiBh Rivor Cnvo has boon made by Joromiah Wilson, tho curator of those already known. IIo soys:— "It is a splondid cavo, which far oxcoods any that I havo ovor noon boforo, and in its bonuty of formation it would bo impossible for mo to dosoribo." Having boon lowered iifty-liro foot by a rope to got into it, ho spent eight hours in exploring, nnd ha-t not yot soon oil of it. Through it runs a shallow rivor of crystal wntor, ton foot wide. Wilson bogs t.ho lion. MiniBtor for Lands to havo somo monoy voted for tho proBorvation of this nowly dis covered fairy grot, and states that in tho moan- .timo he will sailor no ono to visit it. Tiie Retort of the Commissioner of Railways. — Wo havo rocoived a copy of tho "Report of tho Commissioner of Railways on tho Railways of Now South Wales, for tho yoar 1877." It is contained in a somowhnt lurgo volume, tho report proper occupying thirty-seven pagos, whilo tlioro aro appondicos extonding ovor oighty-fivo pages, giving full and complete information on all points connoctod with tiio railway intorosts of tho colony. Tho publication is accompanied by n serios of woll oxocuted maps, explanatory of tho roport and portions ofjlho appendices. Tho first mnp is ono of tho-colony, showing tiio oxtontand position of tho various railway linos ; a tourists' map, dealing with tho route of tho Groat Wostprn Railway ; a pastoral district map; a minora! map ; nnd also nn agricultural map of the colony. From tho report propor wo lonrn that tho capital expended at tho close of 1877 on linos open for traffic was £S, 833, 177, and on linos in courso of construction, £131,323, making n total of £9,311,500, of which amount £"11,110 was ox- pondod during 1877 on railways. For tho satno period tho not earnings dorivod from all linos in oporation amounted to £39G,935, or 420 por cont. on the expenditure. At tiio oloso of tho year, 598 milos of lino woro opon for traffic, and 2171 miles woro in course of construction, and uro to bo complotod by 31st Dccombor, 1SS0. Tho nurabor of employes was 3289, and tho wages paid amounted to £305,581 10s. 3d., boing an incroaso of £08, 101 17s. lOd. ovor 1870. During tho year 33,707 passenger trains and 23,532 goods trains woro run a distanco of 2,100,802 iniles, tho gross earnings amounting to £S 15, 920. and tho working oxpondituro to £418,985. Tho number of passongors who travelled during tho sarao poriod was 2,957,111, tho proportion por contoge of thoso classos boing— 1st class, 13 82 ; 2nd class, SC S I ; soason tickot-holdors, 29'3L On tho soutli and wost linos tlioro was an incroaso in interest on capital oxpondod 0'02 por cont., on tho north of -12 por cont., and on all linos com bined an incroaso of '01 por cont. Tho substance of tho roport of railway transactions is that during tho Inst yoar tlioro has boon n steady incroaso in tho prosperity of all tho rail ways in tho colony. Tho roport i3 carofully and lucidly compiled, and is highly creditablo to Mr. Goodchnp, tho Commissioner. It is woll printed, and tho various mnps aro clearly brought out and carofully coloured. Forage Contracts for Police.— Tho following ! tondors for tho supply of forngo to tho polico, during tho yoar from 1st April, 1879, to 31st Murch, 1S80, havo boon acooptod Mnrongo, Thomas Starr— maize, Os. ; oats, 4s. ; bran, Is. 3d. ; boy, £5 por ton ; straw, £2 10s. por ton. Yass, Jobu Collins — maizo, 4s,; oats, 4s. ; bran, Is. Id. ; hay, £2 19s. por ton ; straw, £2 por ton. Crookwoll, J. G. Myers and Co. — maizo, I 5s. Od. ; oats, 4s. ; bran, Is. 3d. ; bay, £4 15s. por ton : straw, £2 5s. per ton. Cootamundrn, j E. Strongitharm — maizo, 5s, ; onts, Is. ; bran, Is. 3d. j hay, £4 por ton ; strnw, £3 por ton. Gunning, P. Hartignn— maizo, 4s. Gd. ; oats, 4s.; bran, Is. 3d.; hay, £4 por ton ; straw, £1 ! 10s. por ton. Gundnroo, John Clark — maizo, ! 7s, Gd. ; oats, 5s. ; bran, Is. 5d. : liny, £4 5s. ' por ton ; straw, £2 10s. por ton. Queatiboyan, John Crinigan— inaizo, 5s. ; oats, 4s. ; bran, la. : Gd. ; hay, £4 por ton ; Btrnw, £2 per ton. ' Burrowu, II. O. Banks— maizo, Gs. j oats, 4s. . Gd.; bran, Is, 4d.; hay, £5 per ton ; straw, £2 por ton. Morangoroll, Hill and Ilall- maizo, 7s. Gd.; oats, 4s. Gd. j bran, Is. Gd. ; hay, £S : por ton ; ' straw, £5 por ton, Bimilong, P. Ilartignn— maizo, 4s. 9d. ; onts, 4s. 3d. ; bran, Is. 3d. ; hay, £5 por ton ; straw, £1 10s. por I por ton. Dryburg, William Balgownn — maizo, 5s. Gd. ; bran, Is. 3d. ; hay, £G por ton ; straw, £2 por ton. Bothungra, Matthow Brothers — i maizo, Gs, ; oats, Is. 94. ; bran, Is. 5d. ; hay, j £G 10s. por ton ; strnw, £3 15s. por ton. Mur- j rumburrah, John Collins — maizo, 5s. Gd. ; oats, j 5s, ; bran, Is, Gd. ; hay, £5 por ton ; straw, £2 , 9s. por ton. Young, Thomas Starr — maizo, Gs. ; oats, 4s. ; bran, Is. ; hay, £4 por ton ; straw, | £2 por ton. Collector, J. J, Korshnw — maizo, ; Gm. ; oats, 5s. ; bran, Is. 9d. ; liny, £5 per ton ; straw, fcg lUs, por ton. Wombat, Georgo Lyons — inuize, 5s. ; onts, 4s. ; bran, Is. ; hay, £5 por ton ; straw, £2 por ton. Pudman Crook, Iloiiry O. Banks— maizo, Gs. ; oats, 4s. Gd. ; brail, Is. 4d. ; bay, £5 por ton ; straw, £2 por ton, Adolong, W. Wittington— maizo, 5s. Gd. ; onts, 5s. j bran, Is. 2d. ; boy, £5 por ton ; strnw, £3 por ton. Wnggn Wagga, P. Moron— inaizo, 5s. 5il. ; oats, 4s. 9d, ; bran, Is. 3d. ; hoy, £4 10s. por ton ; straw, £3 Is. Gd. por ton, Tumut, F. Foord, jun.— maizo, 5a.; onts, 4s.; bran, Is. 2d. ; hay, £5 por ton ; straw, £2 por ton. Jugiong, Thomas Coggan— maizo, Gs. ; onts, 4s. Gd. ; bran, Is. 3d. ; hay, £G por ton ; straw, £2 par tou. Clarendon, Thomas McAlistor— mnizo, 7s.; oats, 5s. Gd. ; bran, 2s.; hay, £S per ton ; straw, £3 10s. por ton. Title Deeds. — Doeds of grant, under tho Roul Property Act, in favour of tho persons montioned in the following list, aro ready for dalivory upon paymont of tho assurauco foo whon not already puid to tho Crown lands agont. Applications for dolivory (if in writing) must bo attostcd by a mogistrnto : — Samuol Carter, parish of llurden, 50 acros, 2s. Id. ; A. F, Gibson and othors, parish of Bogalong, 2 acros, 3d. t J. J. Garry, parish of Myloro, 97 acros, 4s. Id. ; O. L. llutno, parisbos of Goognllalong and Goornmmn, 1G0 acros, Gs. sd. ; Richard Julian, parish of Bookharu, 40 acros, Is. Sd. ; William Mncnnsb, parish of Boggan Boggan, 272 acros 3 roods, lis. 4d.; Goorgo Salting and anothor, parish of Harden, 47 acros 1 rood, 2s. ; Goorgo Suiting nnd anothor, parish of Hurdon, 52 acros 2 roods, 2s, 2d. Selections Referred to Commissioners. — Declarations having been rocoived undor tho 18th clauso of the Cro tm Lands Alionatiou Act, 18G1, as to tho fulfilmont of tho conditions of rosidouco and improvements upon tho under mentioned conditional piirclmsos, tiio claims of tho holdors tboroof havo now boon sovorally referred, os hereunder dotailod, to Commis sioners, pursuant to tho Lauds Act Amondmont Act, 1875. Duo notice will in ouch case ho given by tiio Commissioners to tho claimant of tho tiino and place appointed for investigation of tho claim in open eourt : — rurrowa. Edward Bnldcoclc, 40 acros, county of nardan' parish of Bobbnra. Jamos Baios, 40 nores and GO acres, county of King, parish of Alton. Goorgo Burr (tronsforrod to W. Macansh, now B. M. Osborne), 270 acros, county of Harden, parish of Cunningham. Josoph Bnrtou, fivo lots, 40 ncros each, county of King, parish of Bala. Ilonry Brndford, 40 aoros, county of Ilnrdon, parish of Boggan Boggan. Michnol Broon (tronsforrod to G. and W. S. Salting), 40 acros, county of Hardon, parish of Galong, O. A. Brigstocko (tronsforrod to Ilonry Brown), 320 aoros, county of Hardon, parish of Illulong. William Burns, 40 aoros, county of King, pariah of Bala. William Butler, 40 aoros, county of King, parish of Bala. Alex. M'Kay Campbell (tronsforrod to Thomas Evans to Comraorcinl Bank), 320 acros, county of Montongle, parish of Murrungni. John and Samuol Cnrtor, 150 aoros, county of Harden, parish of Harden. John Curr, 320 acres, county of Hardon, parish of Cunningham. Edward Cortor, 220 acres and 100 acros, couuty of Ilordon, parish of Harden. William Clifton, 41 acros, county of King, parish of Ware. Timothy Coffey (tronsforrod to Jamos Cofl'oy), 100 acros, couuty of Montoagle, parish of Congira. Jamos Coll'oy (tronsforrod to Noroh ColFoy), 100 acros, county of Montooglo, parish of Congora. JomoB Cooko, 50 acres, county of King, parish of Ophir. Owon Coonoy, SO acros, county of Hardon, parish of Jugiong. Lnwronco Josoph Dargan (transferred to Richard Dorgan, now tranforred to A. Caroo), 220 I acres, county of Hardon, palish of Bimilong. | M. Dolnhunty (transferred to Hannah M. I.ohane), i civo lots, 40 acres each, county of Ilardou, ! pariah of Cunningham. \ Thomas Douglas, 40 acres, county of King, j parish of Upton. | John Dowries, 10 acres, county of King, parish . of Alton. | Miithow Drummond, 100 acres, county ot Har- don. parish of Bookham. 1 John Dwyor (tronsforrod to Thomas Flannery), j two lots, 10 acros o.ach, county of Montooglo, j pariah of Narollan. Jano Dwyor (transferred to John Dwyor), 10 acres, county of Montongle, parish of Googuiln- ; long. John Dwyor, 50 acres and 40 acres, county ol , Montooglo, parish of Coogiilhil'.'iig. Christopbor Evans, 40 acres, county ot Mont- j eaglo, parish of Gunnary. ... I William l'isoii (transferred to Robert. \\\ iggins, | now transferred to Andrew II. Hume), 40 j acros and 120 acres, county of king, parish of i Opton. ! Georgo Frost, three lots, 40 ncros cr.eh, county I ol King, parish of Kenya. I William Goolny, 40 ncros, county of Hurdon, i parish of Nurung. I John Ilnrbridgo, 320 acros, county oi Harden, j parish of Hardon. Jamos llonly man (tronsforrod to Josoph Hardy- ! man), 100 ncros, county of King, parish of Wnro. Michnol Ilonnelly, 50 acros, county of Mont- I onglo, parish ol Gogulluloug. William Hodgson, 40 aoros, county of Harden, parish of Eubrindul. Patrick Hogan, 40 ncros, county of King, parish i of Bnla. John Hownrtb, 10 acros, couuty of King, parish of Numby. Josoph Leo (tronsforrod to Daniel Raid), 100 ncres, county of King, parish of Numby. Wnltor Martin (tronsforrod to Waltor llumo), two lots, 00 ncros each, anil 91 aoros, county of King, parish of Opton. Wul tor Martin (tronsforrod to A. II. llumo), | two lots, 40 ncros onch, oounty of King, parish | of Opton. I William Moffitt (trnnsforred to J. J. Garry), 200 , ncros, county of King, pnrisli of Myloro. John Morloy (tronsforrod to II. Brown), 320 acres, county of King, parish nf Bimilong. P. Mulcahy (tronsforrod" to Pctor Bosnard), 40 acros, county of King. Patrick Murphy (tronsforrod to M. Murphy), 40 acros, county of King, parish of Barrett. John M'Inornoy (transferred to Jamos Dwyor). 40 aoros, county of Monteaglo, parish of Goognllalong. Martin M'Namara (trnr.sferrod to J. Morgan, now tronsforrod to D. J. Morgan), 10 acres, county of Monteaglo, parish of Jindoo. John Newhain, 40 aoros, county of King, parish of Numby. Charles Noukos, 110 acros, county of King, I parish of Waro. I Thomas O'Leary, 40 acres, county of King, parish of Grahum. John Porks, 00 ocres, county of King, parish of Olnoy, Anthony Potornon, jun., 10 acros, county of llurden, parish of Bookhatn. Jamos Pugsloy, 42 acres 2 roods, couuty of King, parish of Nutnby. William Rawall, 40 acres, county of King, parish of Ware. AnastaBio M. Roclio, 320 acres, county of Ilnrdon, parish of Myloro. William Rosoivarn, 40 aoros, county of King, parish of Nowliam. William Rosoworn (tronsforrod to A. E. Middle- ton), 40 acros, county of King, parish of Now- ham. William Russell (tronsforrod to W. Kolly, now tronsforrod to Johu Joseph Garry), 10 ncroB, county of Harden, parish of Myloru. Michael Ryan, 50 acres, county of Ilurdon, parish of Nowring. T-v . t II (A ..UAH Kiwi 7f! nnwna f\r\ 1 f r> ft f UQUlCl -UjiUI, UUlCb UiiU IU itwiwo, wuiivj w» King, parish of Burroiva. Johu Shoo, 40 acros und 53 acros, county of King, parish of Alton, Johanna Shoo, 5'2 aoros, county of King, parish ol Alton. Edmund Slattory, two lots, 40 acres oach, county of King, parish of Bala. Phillip Sluttory, 40 acros, county of King, parish or Bala. Daniol Slattory, 10 acros, county of King, parish of Bala, John Smith (tronsforrod to Thomas Smith), 50 aoros, county of Monteaglo, parish unnamed. S. Stuploton (tronsforrod to Fred. Ilullidny), 83 acres, county of Hardon, parish of Galong. Michool Stinson (tronsforrod to Jamos Sayors), ,100 acros, county of King, parish of Bala. Samuol Stinson (tronsforrod to Thomas Wilding), tliroo lots, 50 acros each, county of King, parish of Bala, John Thomas (transferred to Daniol Borgin, traneferrod to John A. Thomas), 320 acros, county of Hardon, parish of Ilnrdon. William N. Thomas, 320 acros, county of Hardon, parish of Ilurdon. Thomas Yonablos (transferred to F. W. llumo) 320 ncres, county of Harden, parish ofGrnmmu Jamos Wall, 40 acros, county of King, parish o Opton. Goorgo Wilson, throo lots, 40 ncros onch, count nf ICinrr. rmrish of Onton. cootamundua. John Billingsloj:, 40 acres, county of Hurdon, parish of Mnltama Martin Black, 320 acres, couuty of Clarendon, parish of Moroljimdiafth. "fM Josoph Curberry, 10 acros, county of Ilardon, parish of Cowcumbla. Thomus Cailon, jun., 320 acros, county of Ilardon, parish of Boggan Beggati. John Clurk, 40 acres, county of Ciarondon, parish of Morobundinah. John Cronin, 40 acros, oounty of Ilnrdon, parish of Cullingu. Michaol Cuibano, 40 acros, county of Bland. James Dawson, 100 ncros and 40 acros, county of Ilurdon, parish of Cullingu. Charles Gravolin, 40 acres, county of Harden, pnrisli of Jindaioo. John Hamilton, Marion Hamilton, Elison Hamil ton, Isabella Hamilton, Mathow Hamilton, and Jamos Humilton, 320 acres oach, county of Ciarondon, parish of Moretmndinah. JnmoB Hardy, (tronsforrod to Mathow Snyor), 320 acres, couuty of Ciarondon, parish of Bothungra. William Hnrrold, 100 aoros, county of Bland. Thomas Hinos, junr., 40 acres, county of HardoD, parish of Cullinga. Edward Jamos Keith, 50 acros, county of Hardon, parish of Jindaioo. John Molloy, 40 aoros, county of Bland. Phillip William Mulcahy, throo lots, 40 acros oach, county of Bland, parish of Congou. Jamo-> Mulcahy, 50 aoros, county of Bland, parish of Congou. Michnol M'Cormack, 40 aoros, county of Ilardon, parish of Cullinga. Jamos Mackay, two lots, 40 acres oach, couuty of Bland, parish of Congou. Jatnos Mackuy (tronsforrod to Thomas Ilnycs), 40 ncros, oounty of Bland, pavish of Cougon. Murdoch Alex. M'Kenzio, two lots, 40 acres oach, county of Clarondou, parish of Ironbong. Patrick Nash, SO ncros, county of Ciarondon, parish of Bothungra. Donis O'Koofo, 40 ncros, county of Bland, parish of Tirnora, John W. A. H. Portor (tronsforrod to Edward F. Littio), 100 ncros, county of Harden, parish of Cootaniundra. William Roardon, 40 acres, county of Bland, parish of Yoo Yeo. Thomas Josoph Ryan, two lots, 40 aoros oacii, county of Hardon, parish of Cullinga. Etnraa Ann Sawyer, 200 aoros, county of Ciaron don, parish of Bothungra. Isabolia Alice Sawyer, two lots, 200 acres and 120 acres, county of Clarendon, parish of Bothungra. Mathow Sawyor, j unr., two lots, 2 t'J acros and j 12" acres, county of Ciarondon, parish of ; Bothungra. Wilii.un .Sinclair Scott, two lots, 40 acros each, cm: tit y of Bland, parish of Congou. | Ed war- 1 Henry Scott, fivo lots, 4-t acros each, ! county of Biand, parish of Congou. I Will nn Sinclair Scott, two lots, 40 acres onch , | comity of Bland, parish of Congou. | Wiliicn Sinclair, throo lots, acres each, county j o: i.i.iud, pai ish of Congou. Hugh Sinclair, two lots, 19 acros each, county of Ciarondon, parish of Ironbong. Keii'-.'fi Smith (transferred to E. W. Hall, now ti I'.-fan oil to Henry Ferrier), 40 acros, county of '.l.ati'i, pnrisli of Congou. Duvi ! Tuiiant, threo lots, to acros oacli, county o! Harden, parish of Cullinga. John T .volmy, 40 acros, county of Hardon, parish ot <.' :i,ingn. Jar.; s .Yebsior, 40 acros, county of Clarendon, n-ui.ih of Bothungra. To bo continued. l'.\ ::.f a;: of a Siuxula nvi; Ci.bhgv.m in. — Cou- sid-r. do consternation lias boon rxperioncod | in cat tain circles of socioty by tiio rumoured ami-; .a departure of tho Rov. Goorgo W. Loom ing, I! man Catholic priest, who for somo years past h.ia Ihicu ono of tiio city's most cnorgotic speculators. Tho roverottd gnntlomun is ubout 35 yours old, und ainco his arrivu! somo oight or nine years ago has lurgoly invested in building nnd buying proportion in tho motropolis. Whon ho lutalcd ho was possessed of sovorul thousunds of pounds, and with this ho speculated, and also with his sistor'a fortune — sotno £20, '100. Among tho many properties built by tho rovorond gont'omcn may bo montio.ioil tho Imperial Hotel at Meant Victoria, which cost £'20,000; also twuhty-ono first-class residences ill Ocenn-.Stroot Wooliuhra, which cost mora than £1000 onch. His own ruHdonco at Wooilahru cost moro than £2009. At Mooro Park ho built twonty-four good houses. All tiio abovo properties aro mortgaged to dilloront hanks. The only trudo debts duo by him aro thoso contracted in con noction with tiio Imperial Hotel. In buildings tdono ho spent £15,bu0. IIo kept no olork or books, lint managed his transactions himsolf, Tbo causo uf iiis downfall or omburrassmont was Lriti reckless speculation in tho building .of tbo lintel and in tiio construction of a brick works at I Waterloo. Tho brick works cost £7000, and j worn built on land over which tiio rovorond i gentleman laid no title. Ho had hardly com- ' pi j tod tho works whon tho owuor of Midland laid | claim 1 1 it and tin works ihoroon. This wus nil I unexpocted blow, and tho bunks declined to | assist him with any further ailvnncos. Tho I actual liabiiitios of tho revcrond gentleman nro i roughly ostimatodat £55,000. Messrs. Brudloy, | Newton, nud Lamb havo obtained a rulo nisi for i thu compulsory soquostrution of tho rovorond I gentleman's ostuto. Their cluitn is on a promis- : sury note, 1 lilt October last, pnynhl'o four mouths ! after dato, to Miss Looming, or order, lor £119 I Is. 7 d. and by hor ondorsod to Mossrs. Bradley, ! Newton, and Lntnh. Tho rulo nisi will bo ro- turunblo on tho 27th instant. Tho roverond ! guitioman, dospitj ltis oinhnrrossod circum- 1 staticos, woro a happy, smiling countonanco on Friday, tiio last tiino ho wus soon in tho city. — ! L't'cniny News. | Tin; Kelly Gang. — A tologram from Bonallato : h i Melbourno Daily Telegraph statos — Tho ' Queensland black trackers, under Inspoctor O'Connor havo not yot boon successful in finding nay traco of the Kolly gang. Thoy tiavo gone over a groat deal of tho rou ghost country in tho titrathhogio district, und havo tuxod thoir in genuity to tho utmost, but being utmblo to obtain tho remotest cino to tho whoroabouts of tho gang, they havo roturnoil to Benolla. If thoy woro onco put upon tho track of tho outlaws, thoy havo every confidence that thoy would soon run thorn out of tlioir haunts, but in tho ubsenco of u dofinito starting-point thoy aro, of courso, just as helpless as tho police. Tho trackors aro in good houltb, with tho exception of ono, who has boon laid lip sinco Saturday last, IIo is suil'oring from inflammation of tiio lungs, and his condition is considered critical. Tho trackors will mako another start in n fow days. Sir Alfred Stophon, Lioutonant-Govornor, lias rosignod iiis seat as a tnotnbor of tho Logislativo Council. Tiio captain and mndo of tho Bonuio Dundeo havo been committed for manslaughter in tho matter of tho recent fatal collision botwoon that vossel and tho Bnrrnhool. Sir Alfred Stophon is likely to hold office as Acting'Govornor for several months. Lord Lofnis, Sir IIorcutos Robinson's successor, is not likely to leavo England boforo May noxt. Tlia Attornoy- Gonoral has doclinoil to filo a bill against Kolly for shooting nt Waltor Coopor, tho barrister. List Thursday, replying to a deputation from tho Sons of Tomporanco with referonco to tho pro<ont stato of tho liquor traffic, Sir Ilonry , Purkos said that it was tho intontion of tho Go vernment to introduce a bill ourly, to soo that , puhlic-housos were opened only whero required , and kopt by persons of good character. With a view to framing this in accordance with tho latosl , legislation on tho subject, ho iiad communicated with other colonies and learned thoir systems. , A deputation on Thursday last waited on the . Minister for Public Works to urgo upon the f Government tho doairublcness oi running ex cursion trains from tho country into Sydney or j Saturdays, at Id. per mile, tho samoas tho trains from Sydney to tho country on thoso days. Mr, Luckuy told tho doputation ho rogrottod ho did not s"Q Iiis way clour to grant thoir request. A certain Captain lleid, who rocently died iu Now Zealand, and whoso property was sworn to as n -rlh £150,000, came out as a cook. Tim Supremo Court judges last Thursday decided that lands reserved, ovon for tomporary purposes, woro not " Crown Lands," und tlioro- fore could not ho takon up undor a pro-omptivo louse. pur capturing tho llatliold bushrangers con- b ta'ule Borosford rc-coives £30 and a sonior-con- stiihiuship ; constuhlo Power £20, and promotion to the first-class ; Charlos Day receives £50. Mr. Tocco lias niovod in tho Logislativo Assembly that a sum of £10,000 bo placod on tho Supplementary Estimutos for founding Tochnical or Working Men's Coilogos iu connoction with tho country Mechanics' Institutes. In Military ofeuatiox, tho first and most im portant stop, iu to atrongthon your dofencos. So with ths human system. In ordor to fortify it against tho sicgos of diseaso, it must bo put in j a sound unr. perfect condition. To oiroot this | oud, thorn is nothing known bottor calculated to | invigorate tho constitution, than Udolpho Wolfo'B I Schiodum Aromatic Schnapps. It braces tho | norves, tonos tho functions, stimulates tho action j of tho organs, und sots tho muchinory of tho framo | in healthy oporation. j An! Mon Dew? — This, wo presume, is the ox- i static exclamation of tho Swiss mountaineer as ho j lays his hand on his diaphragm uftor tossing off I his modicum of " Dow of tho Alps," asastomnohio j and oppotisor. This old, old cordial of tho IIol- i votian i3 truly delicious to tho puluto as woll us j a rofroshing rostorutivo to tho exhausted innor i man, and wo cordially thank Mossrs. M. Moss ; and Co., agents of tho propriotors for Australia and through thorn only cau it bo obtuinod. Wo ; adviso tho manufacturers to send moro of it, and ! to keep Bonding it. The miners liko it as do tho i stock fnrmors and euttlo tenders ; so do tho city ' folk, os in fact does ovorybody. Of tho snnativo 1 properties ce a rostorutivo und autidoto to malaria, | tlioro can bo no doubt. And then tho flavour — por Jove ! is n drought for Juno when she j banquots. lloLLoiVAY's Ointment and Pills.— Connsoi and j llolp. — When btliou3iios3, diurrhcou, or dysontry ' prevails in any district, it bohovos evory ono to ; lio watchful and to havo at hand tho moans of I chocking those symptoms of geuaral uneasiness, tiuusou, and vartigo, which foretell tho throutnu- ing malady. This well-known Ointment, rnbbod diligontly and ropoatodly upon the pit of the stomach and over tho abdomen, oxercises tho most powerful and salutary ofl'ects m arresting , thoso morbid indications of advancing diseaso, and, aided by appropriate doses of tho Pills, will secure safety to their employers, whilst tbo Ileuiiloss aro full in i; quickly around them. Every person nt ibis critical tioio should subdue tho first truces of disordnrod action by Hoiloway's rogulating ami purifying preparations. 