GENERAL EXTRACTS. Papee Collars and Cum.—Tho medical officers of the Coblenz police lately bad occasion to analyze a number of paper collars and ouffa—a kind of haberdashery wbicb since its introduc tion from America has boon increasingly adopted among the humbler classes of tho population of Germany. The particular articles which were sub mitted to chemical tests on the occasion referred to woro manufactured by a firm of Leipsic, where the production of goods of this description has become a flourishing branch of industry. Tho result of the investigation at Coblenz has been to show that paper collars, &c.;, as now manufactured, contain a strong- admixture of arsenio whiob, in certain circumstance, ib highly dangerous to tbe wearers. A Novei, Mode or Cheating. — A certain baron, who always seemed anxious to take the bank at "malcao," tnuob favoured at the Poetb National Casino, and who had won uninterrupt edly for tho last few months—pocketing some £8000 in that time—was receetly discovered cheating iu quite u novel way. Ho always kept down tbe pile of bank notos in front of him with bis polished silvor tobacco-box. Ho dealt over this, and could thus seo the cards bo dealt bis players rofioctod in tho lid of tho box ! A cortain general of the stall' observed this, and bogged tbe loan of tho box to roll a cigarette. ThiN request ho froquontly repeated, uud obsorvod that whon the box waB away tho baron had vuriable luck, like the others. Tho lucky gamblor, a well known ruciug raau, and of excellent family, is to be prosecuted as a common swindlor. . Mimtary Discipline.—Soldiors (says the World) nro different from civilians ; at all evonta, thoy nro tuoro long suffering. What, for instance, would tlio pettiest of petty juries nowadays say if thoy. were sent back to re consider : tlioir verdict 'i Tet that is tlio insult which frequently is and can at any moment be passed, at tlio will, of the Coinmaudor-in Chiof on the honourable and (generally) intelligent gentlemen of whom oourts-wartial aro composed. A court-martial, is is true,, can always "adhere to its former decision;" but the professional pros pects of'its members are, it is needless to say, not advanced by refusing to "boo to the great mon." As tho Irisbmau said, "There is no com pulsion, only you must" put your woll-considered and conscientious con victions in your pocket if you want to got oil in the army. Na better system could be devised for making zealous officers careless and corrupt; but.as very little capital was to be made out of an attack on it, Whigs,' Tories, Radicols," Home Rulers, and time servers in goneral said not a single word asraiust it'. Geography and the French.—Geo graphy (says Iron) is a weak point with the Freuch nation. TheGormans, when they invaded France, woro found to kuow tho country better, and to possess better maps of it, than the natives themselves. Culture in Franco, indeed, seems to be tho possession of tho few, and that probably is one cause of the dangerous instability of the Government. The men in power appear to have discovered this, and are evidently doing all they can, despite priestly opposition and intrigue, strengthen themselvos and the country by educating the masses. Oiio of tho expedients adopted for popularising scieuce in the army partakes of the ludicrous, suggesting as it does the "moral pocket- handkercher" for the olevation of tho little niggers which Dickens has mado famous. The French soldiers, we are told, have for some time had pocket-hand kerchiefs served out to them, on each of which is printed a map of Franco and its prin cipal colonies; and now others are being distributed bearing impressed on thom the leading directions in reference to arms, equipments, harness, drill, &c.;, of the infantry and cavalry. Jacobites.—There are (observes the Pall Mali Gazette) a few genuiuo .TacobitoB yet left amongst us ; but it appears one of them gets a hearing in the Times. Under tho heading of " An Historical Protest" there appears tho queerest attack upon William Prince of Orange which has found its way into print. Upon tho ho'ad of that "inglo rious Edwary ni. or Henry V., who disastrously revived, after two centu ries and a half of almost uninterrupted peace, tho national animosities of Eng land and Franco," aro heaped all the bloody battles and political blunders due to national pride or Hanoverian bigotry. Lord Salisbury, who is made the occasion for this vehement on slaught, seemed himself at Hatfield to have as hazy a notion of tho policy bo was carrying ont—as well he might— ns ho had of tho history of the Zulu war; but this correspondent who is allowed to firo away nt " the castle and alion■■Court," which maintained its usurpation in lifoblood, and in various other unjustifiable ways, excels oveu tho Foreign Secrotary in bis confnsing plain issues. As a matter of fact, tho serios of mistakes by which we lost tho American colonies had as mucb to do with the Priuco of Orange and tho system ho introduced as our allianco with France in tho Crimean war had to do with the French. King's aid to the Pretender. Russia and England.—This is from an American weekly paper :—Russia has attempted to put a slight upon Eng land by not inoluding her in the iu vitation extended .lo all the other European Powers to send officers to witness tho coming grand military manoouvres. This is eminently charac teristic of Russia.. In peace, us in war, she is tin underbred barbarian. Thero is overyi'eason to believe that England will survive the dreadful deprivation ; still, it would have been a little more dignified, oven in a Tartar, not to let international bad feeling interfere with the laws of international courtosy. Even in tbo heat of war-opposing generals would never droam of showing any personal discourtesy to each other ; much less would they in timo of peace lot past hostilities make them forget tho conduct duo from one gentleman to another. It is unnecessary to say that tho rules which thus govern individuals aro far mora binding upon nations. When England had her mon-of-war before Constantinople, sho very plainly invited Russia to advance and witness a grand naval display ; and, when she had her armies in Afghanistan, the Czar could scarcoly doubt that he was aslcod to tako any part ho chose in the littlo garno of war going ou there. But in neither caso did his Imperial Majesty, or his Imperial Majesty's ghost of a Government, or his Imperial Majesty's people, see the fun of attend ing theso British "receptions." Por haps, being accustomed to a cold olimato, they thought tho warmth of tho said roceptions might injuro their constitutions. But surely this is no reason why Russia should sulk wbon sho hns a little military tea-party of hor own. Tho English woro not offended by her refusal. On tho con trary, should Bhe again attomptto tako Coustautiuoplo, or mako sneaking overtures in Afghanistan, sho would find England receive, not only lier officers, but also hor men, with extonded arms—of the latest pattern. 