litttMiir. RUBENSTEIN'S PIANO PLAYING. JUD BRO WIN'S DESCRIPTION THEREOF. 'Jud they Bay yon heard Rubonatein play when you were in New York. Well, tell us about it.' ' What, me P I might's well tell you about the oreation of the world.' '* Come, now ; no moot modesty. Go ahead.' ' Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycorneredeBt pianner you ever laid eyes on. Somethia' like a dis traoted billiard table on three legs. The lid was h'iated, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a- torn the intire inaide clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven.' ' Played well, did he P' ' You bet he did ; but don't interrup' me. When he first set down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wisht he hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on the treble, and twoodle-oodle le ondle'd some on ths bass ; juat foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to a man sittin' next to me, s' I, what sort of a fool playin' is that P And he sayB ' Hee'Bh I' But presently his hands commenced ohasin' one 'nother up and down the keyB, like a passel of rats soamperin' through a garret very swift. PartB of it was sweet, though, and reminded one of a sugar squirrel turning the wheel of a candy cage. ' ' Now,' I Bays to my neighbour, 1 he'B showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but be ain't got no idee, no plan of nothin'. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other, I'd — ' ' But my neighbour says ' Hee'sh 1' very impertinent,' ' I was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling sleepy-like to his mate, and I looked up and I see Ruben was be ginning to take some interest in his busi ness, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light como faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh; some more birds waked up in tho orchard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms, a little more and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day ; the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats ; all the leaves was movin' and flashin' diamons of dew, and the whole wido world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a breakfast in every house in the land, and not a Bick child or a woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. And I says to my neighbour, * that's music, that is.' ' But he glor'd at me like he'd like to cut my throat.' ' Presently the wind turned ; it begun to thicken up, and a kind of grey mist come over things ; I got low-spirited d'rectly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then tbe streams joined each other at the bottom, and mad 3 a brook that flowed silent except that you could kinder see the music, 'specially when the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sins; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing was the little white angel 'boy, like you see in pictures, that ran ahead of the music brook, and led it on, away out of the world, where no man ever was — I never waB, certain ; I could see that just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on the grave yards, where some few ghosts lifted their hands and went over the wall, and between the black sharp-top trees splendid marble houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get anigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with the guitars did. Then the sun went down, It got dark. The wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I could a-got up then and there .ind preached a better sermon' than any I over listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, not a blame thing, aud yet I didn't want the musio to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my hand kerchief and' blowed my nose loud to keep from cryin'. My eyes is weak anyway. I didn't want anybody to be a-gazin' at me a-snivilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tucker. Then, all of a-sudden, old Eoubon changed his tune. He ripped and he rar'd, he tipped and ta'rd, he pranced and he chargod like the grand entry at. a circus.. Peered to mo that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got bo bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and not afeared of nothin'. It was a cirous and a brass band, and a big ball, all goin' on dt the same time: He lit into them keys like a thousand of brick ; he giv 'em no rest day or night; he sot every liven joint in me agoin', and not bein' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my seat, and just hollered, * Go it, my Rube 1 ' 'Every blamed man, woman and child in the house stared at me, and shouted, ' Put him out ! put bim out 1 ' 'Put your great-grand-mother's grizrly, grey, green ish cat into the middle of next month I ' I aays, 'Tetch me if you dare! I paid my money, and you just come a-nigh me.' 'With that some several p'lioemen run np, and I had to simmer down. BntI wonld a fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Ruby out or die. He had changed bis tune agin. He hopt, like ladies, and tip- toed fine from eend to eend oi tbe key board. - He played soft and low and solemn. I heard the church belle over the hills. Tbe oandles in heaven was lit one by one; I saw the stars rise; the greater organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to tbe world's end, and all the angels went to prayers. Then tbe musio ohanged to water, full of feelin' that couldn't be thonght, and began to drop, drip, drop, drip, drop, dear and Bweet like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that, it was aB sweet as a sweetheart aweetenin' Bweetness with white sugar, mixt with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too eweet. I tell you the andienee cheered. Rnben he . kinder bowed, like he wanted to say, ' Much obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt me.' He stopped a minute or two to fetoh breath. Then he got mad; he ran his fingers throngh his hair, he shoved np his sleeves, he opened his coat-tails a leetle farther, be drag ap his Btool, he leaned over, and, Bir, he just went for that old pianner. He slapped her faae, he boxed her jaws, ho pulled her nose,; he pinohed her ears and soratobed her oheeka till she fairly yelled. He knooked her down and stamped on her shameful. She bellowod like a ball, she bleated like a oalf, she howled like a honnd, she squealed like a pig, Bhe shrieked like a rat, and thon he wouldn't let her up.' He xan a quarter stretch down the low groan do ofth«ba», till ho got ol«tm into' tho bowels of the earth, and yon heard thunder gallopin' after thunder through the hollowl and oaves of perdition ; and then he fox chased his right hand , with his left, till he got way out of the treble into the olouds, whar the notes were finer than the points of aambrio needles, and yon couldn't hear nothin' but the Bhadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't lot the old pianner go. He for'ard-twod, he oros't over first gentleman, oroB't over first lady; he balanoed topards ; he ohass&de; right — loft, baok to places^; he all hands'd aroun' ; ladies to the right ; promenade all, in and out, here and there, baok and forth, up and down, perpetual motion double and twisted and tied down, and turned and taoked and tangled into forty 'leven thousand mixtery. And then he would'nt let the old pianner go. He fetohfc - up hiB right wing ; he fetohtup his left wing ; he fetoht up his oentreB ; ho fetoht up his re serves. Ha fired by files, he fired by plat- ,, oons, by company, by regiments and by '/' brigades. He opened bis oannon, siego guns down thar— Napoleons here, twelve- pounders yonder, big guns, little guns, middla-siaed ... guns, round shot, shells, grapnels, grape, canister, mortars, mines and magazines, . r everylivin' battery and bomb .agoin' at the - same time. The house trembled, the light ,, danoed, the walls shuk, the floor come up,, tbe oeilin' oome down, the sky split, the' ,? ground rookt, heavens and earth, orea-. tion sweet potatoes, Moses, ninepenoes, . glor'y- tenpenny nails, my Mary Ann hallelujah, Samson in a 'simmons tree ,y Jeroosal'm, Tramp Thompson in a tumble-, cart roodle-oodle-oodle-oodle-oodle-rudttle- } uddle- uddle -uddle - raddle- addle-addle-ad- ' die-addle - riddle - iddle - iddle - reetle- eetle- /. eetle.eetle-eetle-eetle-p-r-r-r-r-laug I p-r-r- : r-r-lang ! per lan^ I per iang I p-r-r-r-r-r-r-r- : lane! bang! 'With that tang! he lifted himaelf . bodily into tbe air, and he come down with his knees, his ten fingers, his ten toes, his elbows, and his nose, striking every Bingle - solitary peg on that pianner at the same time. The thing busted and went off into seventeen hundred and fitty-aevon, five hundred and forty-two hemidemisem I quavers* J know no mo. When ii oome two I were under ground about twenty foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treating a Yankoe that I never laid , eyes on before, and never expeot to agm. Day was a-breakin' by the time I got to the St. Nich'las Hotel, and I pledge yon my word I didn't know my name. The man asked me the number of my_rqom. I told him. ' Hoi muiie on the Ti alf. shell, for two!' I pointedly did.— Detroit Free .. ? Press. ??i Thbbh lives in ? - Kentuoky, a clever gentleman and an excellent lawyer aa well- Judge D ? . Thia gentleman -waa intimate with an old gentleman, Governor. R » living in an adjacent county. Governor . R , ' was and ia (for X believe he ia still ; living) what we are in the habit of calling an old-time 'Virginia gentleman oi stately. v dignity. 'Well, the judge was on a visit at , ^ the old governor's house, and it happened . that the governor took him out riding in his f buggy, and that in passing along the turn pike they approaohoa a toll-gate, when tho judge, taking out his purse as if to pay the toll, the governor said, in his stately way, u I've been a long time trying to make yon a gentleman, to little purpose, X see* You must know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out riding , he does not expect to pay his passage.' The judge put up his ; pocket-book and Baid nothing. After ^ while they came to a gate on the governor s place, when the governor stopped the buggy for the young 'judge to get out and open the gate j but the judge sat still, and, was silent. After a while, still waiting^ tho governor said, Ahem ! ahem!' waiting for the judge to move, and then again, u Ahem Ijkahem !' After a good long pause, the judge said, ' Governor R- ?» you must. , know, sir, that when a gentleman takes a gentleman out to ridct he doesn't expect Aim to work his passage and there the juag^o had him Bure— don't you think so*— Harper s. ( 'RT'B'r.h are two matters of a theological . nature, one from TexaB, the other from ^ Ireland, whioh illustrate phases of belief as ... to the ultimate destination of the parties to ,, the dialogues. The first is of two old Texas f., rangers who had just helped bury a neigh- ; , bour, and were talking about religion, and , , one asked tho other how pious he thought it was possible for a man to get in this world, if he were in real earnest. t . il 'WVal,' said the other, refleotively, A , think ef a man gets so 't he oan swop s eerfl or trade hosses without lyin', 'at he'd better . pull out for the better land afore he has a relapse.' ? v. The nezt ia of an Irish labourer who was , lying in a ditoh, very much the worse for | liquor. Ho was encountered by the jpriest . of his parish. Very muoh shocked, his reverence turned tho drunkard over,- 'who muttered, *,: »» ' Where ami?'-' , :? U ' On the road to hell,' replied the priest, sternly. - ' I thought so,' said Pat, 11 when I heard Father Murtagh's voice on the road too. 