ONE Bide of a etory ia very good autil the other side hss been told; and the troth of this old proverb hag been very strikingly illustrated by an incident which Las recently cropped np in one of the papers published in this city. A day or two ago some startling statements were made with reference to the conduct of the Ministiy at Gordons; and a desperate effort was made to show that the Government had; been gnttty of a very nefarions transaction in that township. Briefly expressed, the story was, that tbe Government Bad caused a well to be sank to snpply the Gordons people with water; that the well was soon pumped almost, if not quite, dry, and that all. tbiB work was done, and the money wasted, to reward a Government supporter. So goes the story, as given in our contemporary's columns; and since then the same paper has gloried in the circumstance that all tbe particulars it published in the first instance have been confirmed by subsequent experience and investigation. Now there is nothing that affords ne less delight . than . upsetting a. notion.- from, which a large amount of gratification-is derived ; and certainly our contemporary rejoiced exceedingly over this Gordons delusion. But we are compelled to take this course, in •connection with this tale, because there is absolutely not a word of truth in the whole statement,. The real: facts are these; and so far from their telling against the Government, they really justify the most favorable deduction. About three months ago, the people of Gordons were reduced to great difficulties for want of water, owing to the droughty nature of the season. The only resources they bad were the wells in the paddocks owned by Messrs BrAN BeOS. and Mr PETEB Gbant ; and as these wells were in private property, the water conld only, of course, be obtained from them on sufferance. Strong representations were accordingly made to the Government by the residents of Gordons; the Ministry being pressed hard to come to the assistance of the population; and, after the usual departmental delay, this assistance was afforded. The Government arranged with a Mr Godikg to sink a well 2 5 feet deep, and to supply it with pipes, pump, tank, cover, and approaches, and generally to make it useful for tbe purpose for which the work w&b; intended. Tbe whole work has cost £162 10s, no more and no less; and it had to be finished to the satisfaction of a Government inspector. Well, Mr Goding proceeded with his work; and first struck water at a depth of 3 feet from the surface. Hs continued, however, to sink down to a distance of 2 4 feet 6 inches; and there struck a drift which was underneath the rock. He put a small hole in this drift. But he found it dry, and therefore plugged it np again, lest it might swallow up the water, as the drift ^evidently had nothing to do with what is generally understood as underground drainage. It wQl thus be seen that the well - was within 6 inches of the depth originally agreed upon, and only stopped at that because it might have spoiled the whole project to have gone any deeper; and it is necessary to mention this, because these 6 indies are one of the principal factors in the indictment. One of the conditions of the arrangement between the Government and Mr Goding was that the latter should wall op the well with loose stones, wherever required, so that the well would remain open. Instead of which Mr Goding has stoned it up from bottom to top, wherever needed ; so that in this respect he has really done more than was required under his contract. Well, having finished the hole, tbe next thing Mr GoSING did was to provide it with a pump, pipe, tank, approaches, and a cover, as agreed upon; and he paid Mr COSTIN, of this town, dose upon £40 for these additions. The work wbb thus completed as originally arranged ; the Government inspector came and reported favorably on the work; Mr Goding has received a portion, not all, of the money ; and, strange to relate, in connection with the charge made in this case, that the hole was pnt down to benefit a- Government supporter, Mr Goding, " when paid in full, will te money ont of pocket by the contract. Such, theD, is the work done; and now what is the result ? Our contemporary «ayB to give Gordons little else than a dry well. But nothing of the sort. For the .well makes -about 200 gallons of water an hoar, and sometimes more, as shown by the fact that during one day, not long ago, no less than ^800 gallons were carted away to Egerton, and about the Bame quantity was need -for the local, or Gordons, consumption; and still there was a copious supply of water left at the bottom. .Briifly, a well has been provided for the Gordons people, eg also' for the people of r Egertop; every appliance has been supplied for drawing off its contents; every precaution has been taken against its falling in; and, above all, there is never, less than 10. feet of water in the hole to meet the wants of the district; and all this work has been done at such a price that the contractor loses ooney by the transaction! / Here,' then, are the facts of the case plainly stated; and, in the iisme of. all that is reasonable^ we wk, do< they tell against the Government? -Wby, it Is a downright Jniult to the trnth to be compelled to pnt such .a question. For an outlay of only £162 IDs,' the Government cured a-water famine -at Gordons, and so saved the population from great ^ifficultiee which the drought had brought upon them. This was a real boon to confer npon Gordons and Egerton^ and for it the whole district ought to be grateful. So, we have every reason to believe, it is, in spite of the tomfoolery which has appeared about it in our contemporary's long primer, and all the other falsehoods which have been published on thiB subject. It is an unpleasant state of things that two banks in this colony should have had to put up their shutters in the course of about six weeks; and we know of no occurrence that could happen that would be calculated to cadBe more dismay and irritation. It not only subjects shareholders and -customers alike to a great deal of inconvenience and alarm. It not only upsets tbe most ordinary transactions of life for the time being, by rendering the notes of these banks, in the hands of the public, useless for purposes of interchange and negotiation. It not only destroys public confidence in such institutions, and in joint stock companies generally. It not only, in short, causes a great deal of injury that should be avoided ; but it also plays the mischief with die community in a number of other directions. Every other bank feels the necessity of curtailing accommodation at once, to meet the nneasy feeling that is bound to find its way amongst the depositing classes. There' is no telling—as shown yesterday, in the case of the City of Melbourne Bank—-what result this feeling may induce; and the banks still open, knowing this, are bound to provide for any emergency that may befall them. The consequence is that advances are called in, or reduced, as rapidly as possible, and that anything like a farther advance is refused. Or, if it is granted, it is given with the most stinted hand, and on anything but the most favorable conditions. - The effect of all this is to npset weak bhsi- -nesees, which a little judicious assistance would have saved, and to shake all others, which are not conducted wholly and solely, upon the resources of their owners; and, -therefore, there iB hardly a business man in the community who does not feel more or less disastrously the consequences of these collapses.' It follows, 'then, that the failure of two banks amongst us almost simultaneously is. really a most serious and important event, and one that is to be more than ordinarily regretted. But the object of these remarks is not to deal with this aspect of the question, ^because that will have to be taken in hand when all the particulars -of yesterday's failure are published. Our object-just now is to allay anything like a general feeling of uneasiness arising ont of these two break-downs; and we do not see how we could serve the interests of tbe general public better thiB morning than by this proceeding. Well, then, we can pretty confidently assure depositors as a whole that they need not be alarmed for the safety of their money, because the Aastralian and European Bank, as well as the Provincial and Suburban Bank, has stopped payment. The banks generally have been drawing in their advances for- some time past; and those known as tbe associated banks were never perhaps in a sounder condition than they are at this moment. The public need not, therefore, feel the least afraid about the recent failures spreading, because nothing of this kind is really to be apprehended. There will be great inconvenience caused by the failures of the Provincial and Suburban and the Australian and European Banks. All this is certain enough. But even is these caseB it is very unlikely that any depositor will lose a particle of what he has handed over to their custody, or that the noteB of both will not be paid to the attermost farthing. There appears to be plenty of capital to be called np in both cases to pay all that is indebted. So that io the long ran the only sufferers will ~be the shareholders—that is, even if this Bhould eventnate. which is by no means certain at present. But as regards the creditors of these banks, they are bound to be paid to the utmost extent of their claims; and in view of this fact, beyond tbe temporary inconvenience to which they will be subjected, the depositors have no cause to feel uneasy over these failures. But, outside of these two banks, there is no occasion for any person having business of this kind with the banks to he alarmed for the safety of his deposit. The associated banks can easily meet all demands upon them, because, by restricting their advances during tbe last twelve months they have placed themselves in a sound condition to meet any emergency that may arise. Consequently, there .is not the least necessity for bank customers of the depositing class to be uneasy as to the safety of their funds, because the money is quite as safe in ibe hands of these banks as though it was in the depositors' own pockets. We feel called upon to make these remarks io the general interests of the community; and to allay all fears which yesterday's occurrence may have inspired; and . we have every reason to believe that the most perfect reliance can be placed npon these statements. As to the more specific branch of the case, as we have said, we shall deal with this when the whole particulars come under our attention. In the meantime, however, it has to be said that, in yesterday's event, still farther proof is supplied of the ntility of the Californian method of overlooking the banks, to which we referred the other day; and everything of late has contributed to show the wisdom of its adoption here. To that system we are bound to come, and the sooner we adopt it theiietter. Oa no previous occasion has so much consternation snd excitement prevailed In local commercial circles as on Thursday, when it became known that the Australian and European'Bank had suspended payment. The local branch opened as usual at ten o'clock, and business went -on for about a conple.of hours, when the doors were dosed, and a brief notice was posted in the window as follows : —''Temporarily closed." The Dews then spread like wildfire, and tbe business of the mining share market was entirely paralysed; the many eager enquiries and panic-stricken expressions showing that tbe blow had fallen heavily on a few doing business through tbe local bank. A email crowd soon collected round tbe doors, and one depositor who had-about-£2G0 in thehaak, ia the excitement of the momeqt, forced his passage through the doors on their being opened lor. the exit of one of the officers. The excitement in the vicinity of the building, however, soon subsided, and a better feeling appeared to prevail that affairs were not so bad as contemplated at first.; The share-dealers and speculators at the Corner, trne to their instincts, at once started a market ia the notes of the. bank, and several were purchased at 15s'per £1, bat afterwards 17s 6d was freely given, and then 18s. There is little doubt thst should tbe suspension continue, it will be tbe cause of great inconvenience, at least, to many of oar local tradesmen: the bosiocss of the local branch having made. «ood .progress and been exteuded considerably since its institution, wider the'able conduct oT the local manager. Amongst the incidents in connection -with the stoppage, we hear that a telegram was first received at a bank in Lydiard stiset. stating the suspension of the Australian and European. One of the.clerks in the Lydiard street institution, who had an account at the A. and E., .on learning the contents, did notlose any time in making his way to the bank, end, drawing a cheque for tbe fall amount of his deposit, was paid the earn .jast at the moment a telegraph message arrived, informing the manage^ to close the doors. Amongst others, one ot oar local capitalists has shares in .the -bank as well as bemg a depositor ; tat, nntU further enquiry is made, there is a hope expressed -thst the suspension-will be only temporary. Of course thecircomstaoce has caused ramora'of other difficulties likely to arise ia other corporations, bnt these are but the outcome of tbe panic. A» a late hour last night, we were informed Oat a telegram had been recehed by a large depositor in Ballarat, stating that payments wooldjbe resumed by tbe Australian and Jptaropeaa Bank in a day or two, but we merely give the statement as it readied us. It was also stated, yesterdij that one of-the assorted banks was tudng Australian and European notes in exchange, bnt this was not the caae, neither had any.instructions bear received by tbe local manager to do so. Oar Melbourne correspondent's letter on the suspension, and itreffact in tbe metropolis, will t>e fonnd in another column. A well-attended meeting of miners, convened by the mayor, was held last night at the Sebastopol Town Han, for the -purpose of appointing a deputation to wait on Major Smith on Saturday, morning,'for the purpose of getting the eastern side of Albert , street thrown open for. quarts mining in small blocks. The real object of tbe meeting was to oppose an application that had been made for 260 acres of land along the reef. The mayor (who occupied the chair) and Mr Wall (town clerk) were the principal speakers on tbe occasion; and it was finally resolved to endeavor to get the ground— comprising about 130 acres—lying between the St. George or Guiding Star companies on the north, and the old Qaeen Company oa the south, at prescfit referred udder the "Drainage Bill, thrown open'for mining in blocks liaving £28'feet'each along the reef, and running from Albert street down to the Yarrowee Creek. It was resolved to oppose tbe granting of tbe large lease above mentioned. A deputation of seven was appointed to meet the Minister on Saturday morning." A detailed report of the meeting will be fonnd in an ltber column. The June sittings of the County Coart and the Court- of Insolvency were terminated yeBterday.byhis-Honor Judge Hackett. The sittings of the Court of Mines was commenced, and it was then announced that tbe very well known case of Bebro and others v Bsrlow and others had been settled. The case.of Williams and others v Serjeant and others, an application to have certain lands at Hedan. claimed by the defendants, declared abandoned waB then commenced, and after some technical evidence had been taken, the court adjourned till ten o'clock to-diy. No reason can be {oundjss to thercaase of the fire which occurred-early ^yesterday morning and destroyed a house in Armstrong street occupied by the family of a Mr Walker. The boot sbop.be-. longing to Mr Hardie, and adjoining Mr Walker's;' house, was also partially destroyed, bnt the stock and furniture in it weresaved. Mr Walker's house was insured for £100, and his furniture for a like sum. A magisterial enquiry was held at the Hospital for the Insane on Wednesday aftetnoon as to the bause of the death of an inmate named Daniel Donovan, who died rather suddenly on Tuesday, after thirty years' detention in the Innatiejasyfains - of the colony: The medical testimony "stated that death was caused by enlargement and valvular disease of the heart,-and the verdict returned was in accordance with the evidence of the doctor who made the post-mortem examination. \- At the monthly meeting of the Buninyoagshire Council, held yesterday, the president drew attention to tbe relations existing between the Leighshire and Buninyongshira .councils. He ptated Sh^t the former .council had requested the latter To -make a boundary road in tbe' west riding. Tbe latter council (stated tbat tbe riding had not the necessary sum— about £800; -" whereupon the Leghshire Council without, as is usually the case, asking far a conference^ initiated .proceedings against the Buninyongsliire Council under tbe Local Government Act, to compel it to make the road. In the -coarse of the remarks which, tallowed, it was stated that not half a dozen people used the road in a year, nor had a Bingle petition been sent to the Leigbsbire~Council to have tbe road formed. The secretary stated that the whole of tbe rates raised in the western riding amounted to only £400. The action of the Leighshire Council wss stigmatised as precipitate and unnecessarily hasty, and after some further discussion the matter was allowed to drop. . . ... .-: t A telegram from tbe secretary of the Technological Commission; received by the librarian of the Ballarat Puhlic Library on Thursday evening, conveys the gratifying intelligence that the commissioners have decided to bold tbe annual exhibition in the library. The time for opening the exhibition will be early in July, of which the various schools of deBign under tbe commission will receive official notice at an early date. The library committee desire to record their grateful thankB for this Bignal favor, which is mainly due to .the warm interest taken in advocating it'bj the Hon. W. M. E. Vale, the local members, and the Minister of Public Instruction and Treasurer, whose aid was indispensable. We are intormed that this is the first •time for the lost ten je&n; that the exhibition bas been held oat of Melbourne. At the Town Police Court yesterday, four miners, named William and Charles Bttchie, John James, and James Grimmel; who are tributorafcf the Black Hill -Company; and work a shaft iiTa portion of that ground, were fined 5s and 10a costs -each, for neglecting to have proper ladders or footholds down their shaft, contrary to the Regulation of Mines Statute. W. Hicks, manager of the Guidiag Star Company, was fined 20a aad 47s costs, at the Sebastopol Police Courts for not having ladders or footholds in the jump-up. A young woman, named Agnes Boss, was Beat to gaol by the bench, at the Town Police Court yesterday, for three months, op a charge to which sbet pleaded guilty, of breaking into the dwcllingplace of Bridget Mdllane, of Ballarat East, and stealing & dress therefrom. The Meredith annual races took place yesterday on tbe course near the railway station, ^nd were very fairly patronised,the attendance numbering about 500, and including a contingent of Ballarat sportsmen. The Maiden Plate was won by Qoimbo, the Meredith Handicap by Datofeman;the Hurdle Race by Oberoh, end the Selling Race by Quimbo—all owned by Ballarat men. - A selling Hack Race concluded the day's programme. .His Honor Judge Hackett'is fond of a dry joke, and when an opportunity arises for baling -one during the somewhat monotonous work of the County Court, he avails himself olit with refreshing readiness, and for 4 brief interval the proceedings lose their depressing sameness: • -Yesterday, during the 1 hearing of an application in an insolvent estate for dispensation, a list of (be insolvent's ventures and failures was read by the legal gentleman making the application, and the list presented a succession of reverses almost appalling in v their magnitude and number. His Honor, remarking on the con tinned failure of the insolvent's ventures, said, «< It appears as if the insolvent had been playing loo, and always taking missy." The faces of. tbe legal and other gentlemen present crimpled in a most appreciative manner, and' " playing loo and taking missy" was tacitly admitted to be a risky and sometimes unproductive game. Our Napoleons correspondent, writing on Thursday, states:—" The remains of Mr Midden, who so sadly and unfortunately lost his life on Monday Ust* were followed to the place of interment, tbe Buninyong Cemetery,.by a latge crowd .of sympathising mourners on Wednesday. The service of the Church of Rome was read at the grave by the Rev. Father Corcoran, of Ballarat. r From what I can gat her, the paragraph which appeared in Toesday's Courier^ describing the manner whereby Mr Madden met his death, is not absolutely accurate. So far aa I jean flodout the actual facte fere 1 these —At about ten o'clock on Monday morning Mr Madden was standing near -his residence, Three Bridges, Napoleons, between his bone and dray and the fence surrounding his premises. ."By some mischance the winters fell off 'and the horse bolted. Mr Madden, still between the fence and ihe dray, gave chase, but the horse, for' tbe fence, suddenly jammed the deceased between it and the dray with soch Violence as to knock down two panels of ; fencing. JEt was after the fenc? had been knocked down, together with the poor suf-~ ferer, that the dray passed over him. To givfc you an idea of the force with which 'the dray collided irith the fence—poor Mt Madden being between— I need only mention that one of the posts waa a large round gatepost, and this was. knocked clean out of the ground.. The ii/jury'to the deceased, as you can imagine, was simply frightful; most of the xibs were, torn sway from the backbone and forced through tbe lung*. The deepest regret ia felt throughout the whole neighborhood for ibe unfortunate man and bis large orphaned family/* The monthly meeting of die committee of the Clones District Agricultural Society .was held on Tuesday, at the Club hotel, Clunes; Mr Drife, presidentj in tbe<»hair. There was a good muster of members. The date of the Grand National Show was finally fixed for 23rd and 24th. o[ October. A number of collectors were appointed, and it was decided that contributors of £1 and; upwards should be entitled to adtnissien for selves: and families to the show. It was resolved to communicate with Mr Ricbndson, ?be senior member for the district, to see if, the Governor and members of the Ministry would visit the show on separate days. The aecretaiy was instructed to take the necessary steps for ensuring convenient arrangements for conveyance of passengers, &c.; Numerous detail movements were undertaken, with a view to creating interest fn the show.' Amongst others it was resolved to a«k the mining companies to exhibit models or drawings of improvements in the mlldng operatipne. \- Tbe residents'fif Xiaton havB bow the "benefit of a good snpply of water laid on almost to their very doors .from the local Gong Gong... Two stand* pipes -haveheen put up—one close to 'Mr Bennett's borise, one on the other side of tbe hiU <oppo^te the Bank of New &ralb;'Wal6s,:tnd s&veral; small tops have also boon pot np in: convenient situations. The water will be a great booiLto the inhabitants, especially in summer [pw^i^ being within easy reach of most of the bouses in the township, and will much lessen the danger of fire, "dent fafrce to be jof greai service. Mr Hepdersdh,, ex- president of Mffetftbshire, Traa yeaterd&y; presented with aT handsome gold watch and'chain, in appreciation of the tnfcnner in whicb he had fulfilled the duties of Ins office. The presentation w&b; made by President O'Keefe, on behalf of the Meredithshire Council. In consequence of the son of Mr A. 3. Osweil, head.teacher of the Buninyong East State School, having been attacked with typhoid fever, the Education Department bas decided to close tbe school tor fourteen days. At the monthly meeting of the committee of tbe Chines District Hospital, held on Monday evening, the Terident surgeon's report stated that there had been admitted during tbe month 6 males and 9 females; discharged, 7 males and 8 females; died, 1 female—leaving in the hospital 18 males and 12 females. During same period there had been 430 visits of out- patients, £9-being new cases. The newly-elected councillor for Grenvilleahire^ $ir Thos. Toungbusband, was introduoed by -the president ailhe meeting of 'the council on'Thursday, and took bis.seat after.making the usual declaration. A report-^of yesterday's meeting appears in another column. The Creswick State School, No. 122, was examined for results on the 22nd, 23rd, and 26th of May, by Mr Inspector Summons. The inspector reported very favorably of the condition of the school, the average percentage gained in all subjects being 90. At. Chines, the Early Closing Association are making an effort to .get the simps closed at ten o'clock on Saturday nights. The ordinary monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Saturday at Craig's hotel, at eleven, o'clock.. Business—Nomination of judges for the Grand Champion* Sheep Show, ana other matters. Thie Barks lead State school was examined by Inspector Summons on the 4th instant, with the foil owing xes alts:—"The time-table makes suitable provision for subjects of instruction, and is observed. The classification is correct. The school has proved an examination indicating highly satisfactory progress. Discipline good. Records com' plete. -Inspector's percentage, 88-046." At thie preliminary examination of apprentices under the Pharmacy Act,- which was hud on the 2nd mst&nVthe; BaUanit'College was successfully represented by Mortimer Skoglund and Frank Tayler, sons of well-known "residents of Ballarat. The Comas Club publish to-day, in our advertising columns, the full programme of their enter? tainment to be given at the-Academy of Music to-night. Tbe first piece is Ehe " Golden Farmer," by Egerton Wilks. Itie author has mhde the most of his subject. He has represented -the •farmer in easy circumstances, 'surrounded by his family, respected by his neighbors—an industrious, thriving, and altered man. But one fatal passion clings to his heart—the desire of adding acre to acre; and a tormenting auctioneer, who has always some capital bargain to offer, keeps him restless and discontented, and £250 are wanted to purchase a long-coveted addition to his farm. About this time an old companion of the road accidentally discovers the now ^prosperous • Golden Farmer, and makes a demand on *bim for'& ium of money, which the farmer is unable to give. As an alternative, he consents to j6in his former comrade in • another robbery, which proves his downfall. The drama is a very interesting one, and conveys an;obvions moraL Mr Williams has provided new scenery, and a pretty "May-pole dance will be a feature in the piece. Tbe " Crown Prince," an elegant and highly entertaining comedy, which the club recently played here, will form the second part of the programme. A fife and drum band will parade the city and town before the performance, and there will be a display of colored fires frontof the Academy. t There was a very fair attendance at the Town Mission temperance meeting last night, when a good address on "The causes of drunkenness" was delivered by Mr Smith. Mr R. Jeffree sang with good effect " England's crirue," and being encored sang-" Maggie May." Miss L. Field, Mr Field, and Masters Charles and John Field were loudly applauded for sinking " Grandfather's clock," and "The bells." Excellent recitations were delivered by Miss Spargo, "The result of gossip;" Mr Spriggins, "The gambler's wife;" Mr W. Bishop, " Watei" (from Gongb's orations); Miss J. Tonnier, " The reclaimed drankardMiss M. Leonard, "The sparrow;" and ' Master C. Andrews, "The clock." The meeting closed at nine, when a great number signed the teetotal pledge. The Life-boat Lodge, LO.G.T^ will meet in the Wesley an schoolroom, Dana street, this evening, •atthe usual hour. The first of a series of lectnres by tbe Rev. J. Thomson will be delivered in Ebenezer Presbyterian Church next Sunday morning, at eleven o'clock. Subject—" Lord Byron's challenge accepted ; Christians do good to man—therefore Christianity is true.". The members of the City and Town drum and fife band are requested to.meet at the Western Station hotel at seven o'clock this evening, to play for the Comus Club. Full uniform to be worn. Active'preparations are going on at the Alfred Hall for tbe appearance of the " Ghost" on Monday evening next, the 9tb instant. Mr D'Arcy Read intends giving a private exhibition on Saturday evening, to which the press and a few others will be invited. A meeting of the Cabinet (says the Age) was held at the Treasury on Wednesday night. Amongst other measures to come before Parliament which were discussed was the bill for the .amendment of the Land Tax Act. This measure is to be introduced early in tbe session. It is tended to bring np the land revenue to the sum which it was originally calculated to produce, viz., £200,000 per annum. The method of classification will be improved, and some of tbe anomalies of the present measure, which its practical applies- .tfon has made apparent^ will be remedied. Thejmblic generally will regret (the .<?eetong Advertiser' says) to learn that Mr Bees, father of Miss .Alice Bees, the celebrated young Victorian vocalist, is seriously ill in Melbourne, and not expected to live. . A private letter received from the Mauritius gives some particulars (says tht-Age) as tbe impression made by Sir George Bowcn on his arrival there. The communication states tbat on his arrival, on the 6th April, Sir George was sworn in, and immediately afterwards made a very good speech. His style and appearance, the letter says,-were considered very favorable. He seemed to the people of the Mauritius "a good pere de fgmille, and the simple dresses of Lady Bowen and her daughters have been greatly noticed and favorably commented upon." The writer remark* that " luxury has been carried te such an extent in the Mauritius lately tbat it is mnch to be desired that there should be a leaning in the contrary direction." Notices (saye tbe Bertdd) have been posted at the Spencer street station to the effect that tickets for' admittance behind the barriers, in order to escort departing friends, can be obtained at six* pence each. A singular scene (says a telegram in the Age) occurred on Wednesday evening at Echnca. The workmen lately employed at the Moama dock, nnt having received wares for some time, assembled in the afternoon at Moama, and publicly burnt in effigy the contractor, Mr John Dunlea. At seven o'clock about fifty of the men carried another effigy round the principal , streets of Echuca, and passing Dunlea's public-house a placard was placed over the effigy bearing the words, "This is the defaulting contractor;" the crowd hooting, shouting, and yelling as they marched through the streets. Twb torch'bearers preceded tbe effigy, and two other men took turns to flog the figure and otherwise disfigure it. After stopping some'time opposite Dunlea's house, they proceeded to-Moatna over the bridge. They then "hoisted the effigy and The fox nuisance is, as was predicted (says the Geelong Advertiser) becoming a great nuisance in the <Lara district. Lately a large one was caught in si rabbit trap on Mr Kirk's property, and sent to the metropolis by the trapper. More than a dozen have been noticed at one time on the north shore of Curio'Bay. Unless checked in some way they will so increase and multiply as to .become a great nuisance- in town, as well as in the country. It is intended (says the Age) to give Mr Berry, who willo probably arrive about this day fortnight, -a public reception. It is thought that the pteeen- -taTion of a congratulatory address on the successful results of his mission will be the most appropriate means of expressing public feeling. A dinner may take place at some subsequent period, hut it is most probable that Mr Berry's time will be too much occupied with the work of preparing for the aession to be able to attend any such demonstration before the meeting of Parliament. A very stormy meeting of shareholders and depositors in the Provincial and.Suburban liank was held (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Wednesday evening, in the .class-room of the Mechanics* jnati-. tnte, Geelong. The meeting was convened by Mr F. C. Mason, M.L An a candidate for the-position of liquidator, with the object of having his Tiews of matters connected with the bank's failure folly ventilated. After Mr Mason had spoken at some length,^explaining how^he'-Kad^ become interested in the bank, he was 'aakedlf the trustees of his famOyV estate were not indebted to the bank. This at once caused Mr Mason to excitedly refuse an answer, and in tun be threatened to chaatise Messrs George Bradley and W. Strong. These threats induced the friends of the gentlemen niUntf to rally np, and they dared Mr Mason to pfBt^a finger on Messrs Bradley and Strong. Although Mr Mason made two threatwfrig attemptTto commit assaults, he very wisefr 'stopped inert of administering a blow; and islter eocoe angry statementt had been made, the meeting brtte.up in .a disorderly state, without any practical' reWlta arising from the gathering. An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of the Australasia Coal Company was held (gays the Age) on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of considering the advisability of winding-up the company, in accordance with a scheme submitted at a former meeting. There were about twenty persons present, and it was agreed by a large majority that the company be wound np. Messrs Baid, Templeton, and Milhe were appointed liquidator*. \- A new company is -to be "formed with'a capital of £30,000 in £1 shares each shareholder in the present company to obtain-one paid-up share for every ten shares held by him in the existing company, or to be paid 2s per sbare if he desires to -withdraw altogether from the venture. "The whole of the 30,000 new issue will be open to the public. The most absurd rumors (says the Telegraph) were afloat on Wednesday as to the discovery of another portion of the missing sovereigns which were stolen from the P. and O. Company's steamship Avoca. It ia certain tbat'the detectives have, during tbe past few days, had repeated interviews with both Wei berg and Pearce in the Melbourne Gaol. As to the result of those interviews the police authorities are particularly retl&nt; It may, however, be accepted as a fact that another 300 sovereigns have been traced to Pearce. It seems that a shipmaster at Williamstown has given information to the detectivea to the effect that be had obtained recently from Pearce a loan of £300, that the money was paid to him in sovereigns, and that he had invested it in the purchase of a cottage. As a proof of his desire to restore what he now believes to be stolen property, and of his innocence of any complicity with Pearce or Weiberg, the gentleman in question offers to hand the title deeds of the property to the Crown. Beyond this discovery, none of the sensational rumors • that are so eagerly accepted have any foundation in fact An extraordinary story is told by a Hew Zealand paper of how a little fellow, son of a resident of' Martoo, who had been sent to a school in England, found his way hack to his parents:— ^ Although but just entering upon his teens, tbe plucky little man determined to escape from his bondage and work his way back tbe 161000 miles, and with that intention started off to tramp to London without a penny in his pocket. Arrived at the modern Babylon, he succeeded in ingratiating himself with the captain of a vessel trading to flfelbourne, who, in return /or the child's services as 4 Jimmy Ducks,* gave him a passage to Wellington in one of the steamers. But even then, so near home and happiness, he found himself still a stranger, pennilesB, and without help, until a captain of one of the Wanganui steamers gavt him a lift to' that town. Unfortunately for the child, there were no more vessels to aocept services in lieu of passage— as there were only the rail and the road whereby to reach home—and the little fellow was about girding up his loins for another tramp of thirty miles, when be stopped in front of a shop, the name of whose proprietor was familiar to him. Acting upon the spur of the. moment he entered, and told his tale to the man (an old friend of his lather) who escorted htm to tbe station, placed him in-a first- class carriago, with a ticket for Marton, and two hours later, in the darkness of the night, the brave little wanderer was knocking at his father's door." 