MY DREAM. I have never seen a gliost that I know of. I say that I know of; for how am I to dis tingnish a ghost when I sec one ? When a man or a women passes me that X do not know—let ns say. for the sake of associative surroundings, in a lonely road at nightfall— how I am to be certain that he or Bhe is not a ghost ? 'ihey £lo change the pronoun) may have been dead and'buried for years for anything I know, and may be bound on a visit to somebody -who will know that they are ghosts. If I hear the tramp of their feet may I dub them mortal 1 Hardly, for some of the ghosts we hear of are rather noisy. If I nudge them with my elbow as I pass, and am sensible of solid resistance, or receive an angry nndgo in return, may I feel re assured ? Hardly yet, for we hear ofl; spirit hands” grasping and squeezing with all the force of bodily muscle. X confess with me the difficulty is not a pratical one. On the principle of taking everybody for rogues till they have proved themselves honest, or the opposite one of taking eveiybody for honest till they have proved thamselves rogues. I take everybody for non-ghosts till I discover them to be imposters, and have never yet, as I have already said, mads any such discovery. But though I have never to my knowledge seen a ghost, I have dreamed a dream. So have you, you will say. Yes; but I once, and only once, dreamed a dream of that wonderful kind which ranks along with ghost visitations as evidence of the existence of a spiritual world, and the possibility of holding communion with it. X call it a dream because I have no other name for it; but I shall narrate the experience in a plain, unvarnished manner, and you can judge for My father was a small landed proprietor in Renfrewshire, who farmed a good portion of his own land. His income from all sources might be about £1200 a year, which half a leulury ago enabled him to live in a gentle manly maimer and bring tip his family in food style. I continued to live at borne ifter reaching manhood as apparent heir to he property. When I was 28 years old my nother died, between whom and me there lad always oeen much love and confidence, ler death was a great sorrow to me, and I ontinued to think of her, and guide my onduct by what X thought would have been ier wishes had she been still alive. Two cars afterwards my father, still rqbust and 1 icaltby, met with an accident which carried dm away rather suddenly. He left no will, ■ nd as there were only twp younger sisters '1 provided for otherwise), J seemed, as a ! ;1auer of course, to become possessor of tile sroperty. Seemed. 1 say, for though no oiv~ expressed any doubts as to my legal ami ■iuhifi'il succession, I felt some myself, Iron: .he following ciicumal&nce.; I had at sue time an elder brother. He was the iirst-born of our parents, who bad married young, and was ten years older tha mvseli. do in) was of an unsettled, inde pendent disposition, and did not got on wo! with my father. X couid remember of con tinual quarrels between the two, and some times John would disappear for wce!. together. fie was always an imrnens favourite of mine, and he must have like.: me too. Two brothers who had come be tween us died in infancy, which threw u. much together. He was always making m little presents, taking -me excursions, ami amusing me in the rough and ready was which boys like. The differences betwee. j him and father seemed to come to a clima.- , when I was about ten and John twenty. 1 still remember vividly a morning when I was wakened up early by John, who wa standing dressed at my bedside. He toh. me he was going away never to come back. 1 threw my arms round his neck and wep bitterly, and I think he cried too. he asked for something of mine to take with him as :: keepsake. I had nothing at hand hut a small Bible given me by my mother on my previous birthday, I offered him this, and Ir. took it. That was now twenty years ago, a. d we had never heard Iron) him since. He w;. believed to bo dead. Some news that teichc,; us two or three years after he left led to the conclusion that he had met with a violent death in a street fray in one of the American towns. Jly mother, who had looked on his faults with a milder eye than my father, was much affected by these events. She often spoke about John to me, and one day a little before her death gave expression to a fancy she bad that he might not be dead after all. Her remark made little impres sion on meat the time, but now, when about to assume ownership of the family domain, ii recurred with extraordinary force to my We had certainly never had any official or even circumstantial notification of John's death, at least that I was aware of, and, though dead, he might have married pre viously and left an heir. What, iE after I had got into full swing as a gentleman farmer, living at the rate of £1200 a-vear, the rightful heir should present himself, and r should find myself on the world as a penni less vounger son ) ft would be bad enough now, but it would be a thousand times worse a year or two hence. Suppose that I married Lucv Campbell, a lady of good family, whom I loved dearly, and who I was sure loved me ns Laird of Braidwood, and after,raids I shivered at the thought. X had read of such things happening, and '-hey niight happen again. These doubts made me very unhappy. I took formal possession of course, anil spoke to no one of my misgivings, but wrote off privately to the authorities of the place where John had been last heard of inquiring for authentic information, if any was to be had. I received a reply to the effect that nothing was recorded or remem bered of the person named. X was torn two ways. Should I propose to Lucy and marry on the chance that ail was right, or was on for some time in the hope of being able to search out more decisive evidence, and per haps lose her ? I came in one afternoon tired with riding about all day. It was the 6 th of November, I know, as for obvious reasons I afterwards noted it. Turning into cur little sitting room, which was empty at the time, X threw myself into an easy chair, My thoughts at once reverted to the as yet unsettled quesLion which was disturbing me so much, ily mother's words recuned to me. and my eyes rose to her portrait, which hung on the opposite wall. My back was to the window, and the faint light of the dying day dimly illumined the well- remembered features. As I sat thus I fell asleep—at least. I thiuk so —but seemed immediately to awake again I was standing in the same room with some one by my side. I turned and saw it was my mother. I was not the least startled or surprised, but took it as a matter of course. She had the look she used to wear in her happiast hours, a calm, contented, pleased look. Of how she was dressed, or indeed of her general bodily appearance, I retain but a faint impression, but her face was bril liantly distinct. She held out her hand and seemed to say, “ Come.” I heard no sound, hut knew quite well what she said. I took her hand at once, and we both seemed to rise into the outside air. I had then for a few moments the feeling if the ground beneath me was rushing past at a whirlwind speed. The sensation was something like what one can imagine might be felt if the iink of attraction which binds us to ttie earth were suddenly broken, and it should sweep found in its axial path, leaving us behind. It seemed only a few moments before I found myself in a place, quite strange to Hie. I was in a rudely constructed but conjforfnljly furnished apartment, lighted i hiefly by a log tire which blazed on the hearth, and which glanced brightly from delf ami polished tin Tessels ranged on one of the walls, and played amougit numerous hams, strings of apples, onions, kc., that hung from the high unplastereX ceiling. On either side of the fire sat a n;an and woman of middle age, the woman darning a stocking, and the man with a book in bis band. Gil the lic^rtl) a boy and a girl were amusing themselves after some childish fashion. My mother, who was still by my side, pointed to the man and said—“ Your brother John." I looked at him, and though I failed to recognise him as the brother I had parted with twenty years before I received the announcement with unquestioning belief,' A long deep sear on the left side of bis forehead, which did not use to be there, was a disguise in itself. As I looked, however, the features seem id to grow gradually liter and liker those of brother John. He shut the little book 1m was reading, but still held it in his hand, ami seemed to say something to the woman opposite. The cover of the book attracted my attention, and seemed to touch some chord of memory. I drew nearer to look at it more closely. As I did so, he opened it at the ily-leaf ami gazed for a few moments at- what was written there, then shut the book, and seemed to be speaking amiin. I could read what was written on the fly-leaf ; it was—Presented to William Leslie. OX HIS TENTH BIRTHDAY, BY HIS LOVING Mother.” Yes. it was tile little Bible I had given to John on the morning he left borne, When f looked at my mother she was smiling. Now, while I Jtnew ijuite well what my mother slid, though unconscious of any sound. I could make nothing of what iiv brother said. I saw'his lips moving, but [ heard nothing. What is he saving." I thought I asked my mother. ‘ ‘ He is sneak ng about father, and about you” (I am ising words which give the sense of what ihe seemed to communicate), “ and he is sav ng that next summer he will go home and ice you, So—" (here she looked earnestly at ne and paused for a moment before she aided)—“ Wait.” I remembered no more of my dream. My lext consciousness was of being roused from ieep by touches and voices. When I opened ay eyas I was ia the easy chair where t had dropped over, my two sisters and a couple of ! womcn-servants standing round with looks ! a: concern, and rears in some of their eyes. '• What's wrong,’'’ I asked. “ 0 William," said the elder sister, “we could not get you to wake.” It seemed that my younger sister had come into che room a short time previously, '•mild me sleeping, tried to rouse me, and .ailing to do so. had run and given an alarm. “ We could hardly see you breathing,'’ con tinued my sister, “and were just sending off f :•!' the doctor.” I said 1 had been dreaming, but was all r ght, and the group dispersed, satisfied. I was not superstitious, and at Jirst was not at til inclined to regard my die,tin as anything more than a fanciful product of the thoughts which had preceded it. Still it had been in parts so ririd, and formed so definite a reply to the question which was perplexing me, that it could.not but impress me deeply. It it least turned the wavering balance, and letermiued me to make no change in my circumstances till summer had come and Von, of course, anticipate some sort of ro uarkable fulfilment of the dream. Had '.here not been such it would have been j disurd to introduce it with such a flourish of trumpets, or for that matter to tell it at all. Vnd there was such a fulfilment. One evening on the following June I was told that a person was very anxious to see ne for a few minutes in the “ County Anns," i small inn which stood at the end of a daggering village not farfiqm our place. I vent over without delay, and there, sitting waiting for mo in a private room, was the nan I had seen in my dream, with the sear canting down one side of his forehead. I can hardly describe the feelings with which 1 saw him rise and hold out his hand. I was deeply moved, yet not surprised. During the past months, by dwelling continually on the dream and circumstances connected with it, I had almost come to expect the appearance rt any time of my brother John in this guiso. I was the tiist to speak. “ John,” I said, as I grasped his hand. “ You must be my brother Will, I suppose,!' ho said, “ but bow you catch me up so readily is more than I can understand. I would not have known you, and I must be more changed than you are.” There could be no doubt now; it is indeed John in proper person, as I soon felt assured in the course of further talk, “ X case you should not have remembered me at once, I brought this in my pocket,” John said. “ You will mind whom you gave that to, and when yon gave it,” ana he produced the Bible already referred to. “ I have kept it ever sineo, and it was while turning it over, one night last winter, and looking ut your name on it, that I formed the wish and the resolve to see you once Can you recall the exact day last winter on wbicli you were looking at the book, John 1 ” I inquired. “ Quite well that. It was on, my lad, your namesake's tenth birthday, thetith November. It was that which made me turn it up, for I had an idea it was given to you by your mother on i/oni: tenth birthday. It brought up old ipemoncs, and I said I would go over and see the old place, and sq here I am. It was only after I sent over for yon that I learned the old man was gone, or I would lniTe come to the house at once.” “ You must come home with me now, John ” 1 I said ; ” You know the place is yours, My father left no will, and you are the heir.” He looked up in astonishment. “ Indeed 1 indeed 1 ” said he ; “I had no thought of that. And you —1” “ 0 } I must work under you, or get settled somewhere else. Never mind ; I will Nevertheless, my heart was sore within •ne. farewell, pretty and dear Lucy Camp bell | “ You must come home with me at once, “ I suppose so," he said absently, He seemed deep in thought. That night John gave me a sketch of his adventures since we parted. “ I led a rough life,” he said, “ for some years about New York and other American towns, and one night was taken up for dead after a street brawl, which 1 bear the mark of yet,” touching his brow. ■* I was not gone, however, and was nursed into health again by two women into whose bouse I chanced to be earned. It was a mother and daughter. The girl and I took a liking for each other and got married. I settled down for a while at regular work, but shortly the mother died, and left us in possession of a bit of money. We agreed to go West and buy land. We tlid so, and, after ten yearn of bard work, I find myself pretty comfortable, and owner of an estate as large nearly as Braidwood, which only requires to be as conveniently situated to bring in almost as much money.” “ And how is your wife, and little Will, and the little girl, John l" 1 asked. “ How the deuce do you know I have a little girl / I suppose I must have mentioned it. 1 left them all nicely." ' I did not tell John then how I knew about the little girl, but he heard it all afterwards. After a few days, during which he seemed to “calculate ” a good deal, John said to me., “ Will, here's what T am going to do, and you need not say a word against me. You shall have the house and half of the land. TJie other half I shall sell, and use the money to enlarge ami improve my own estate. I shall be happier yonder, and j ou will be happier here in the old place.’’ And so it was anauged. I married Lucy after all, and so prospered ir. the world that I was able in the course of years to buy back the old la’’d, and, as all my friends know, am now, as truly the Laird of Braidwood as my fathers were before me. The dream, which probably saved me from a very awkward predicament, and which in some particulars accorded so remarkably with fae , still remains the one mystery of my life. I have no naturalistic explanation of it to offer, but having related the whole circumstances exactly as they occurred, must leave the question as to whether it “ was or was net all a dream ” to your own consiflera 