NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events. —Mr J. Irving’s benefit at the Academy of Music— "Black- eyed Susan” and the “Ticket-of-leave Man;” opening of City Free Library; mounted parade of Ballarat Troop Light Horse; meet- ihg Benevolent-Asylum. ■ ' - ; ; Ti- 1 V . The E.M.S. Assam arrived at Albany on' - Saturday • at midnight, and sailed'for Adelaide at 7 o'clock,yes terday morning; ■ ; , ; : The annual Mining Board took-place on Saturday, when’the retiring members, Messrs 'P.'C.-. Baker, Magor, M'Donell, and Scott;', .were" re-elected. The'-total number of.. votes polled by the two candi dates in the Ballarat division, Messrs Baker'and Ken nedy, was .more than’ twice as many aa.those'polled by the two candidates last: year, the numbers being— ,lB79,! 725_votes; 1878, 325 votes. ’ -This state of things was almost reversed in the Buhinyong division, where the total votes recorded this year were only 266, as against; 376 : last year. The leading feature in the Smythesdale division was the large number of candi-. .dates—no less than .nine—who came forward,- but the. new men- were not strong enough .to ouat 'the old members, who had considerable majorities , over Jtheir opponents. - . - : u , . ‘--The following puerile “notice” appears in the- Government Gazette ot Friday:—“ln consequence of the fabrication by and the publication in the, Argus journal of false .news,.purporting to be genuine and; authoritative, concerning .the .proceedings rand, dia .suasions of'the Cabinet, being continuously persevered-, 'in for several, weeks last past, the v public are hereby cautioned!against giving any to either those .statements, of any similar kind of news for the’future in that journal.’ ; The Argus journal, has' been refused ;any, official information of the 'kind by the Acting? Chief‘Secretary, who feels .justified, in' taking, this course,. as that journal baa ■for-aeveral months un patriotically attempted, to , •depreciate the?, financial' .credit iof yictoriLTYBRTAN’Ci’LoQHLEH, Acting-Chief Secretary. Chief Secretary’s Offidej" Melbourne, 20th Februaryj 1879.”- ' -u .-j -i '::.- _ ■ ; ■ In addition to' the case at Linton. mentioned by us oh Saturday,’ it- appears- that :■ a; similar omission to that at' Newham occurred at'Queeostown, -in the electoral district bf Evelyn, in 187 A: ,’ln.tHat case the poll was postponed, and the then Ministry.legalisod the .action of the'retnrning'officef.' ■ -.-.Mr Wiffiamsbhi for some years connected with the | 1 Union Bank - here,. left,i oncei; more, i for Europe- oh' Saturday. ~.. We understand that some legal proceedings are likely to ensue between the late lessee of the 1 Academy of 'Music and the proprietor of' the Ghost entertain ment, in connection with the appearahcs..of .that show in Ballarat.. - ■ -i -T: : ;; Mr Thomson, P.M., held: an,- inquest -on Saturday on the body of a servant named Bridget Taimey. who died suddenly on Thursday night at a boarding-house iu Viotoria street,’‘kept by Mass' Ann Gallagher. . It appeared from the evidence that -the deceased, who. was'a’widow; and was awaiting a'situation, had'a fit on Thursday night, and while Dr Marr was I 'sent for she died; - She had- been receiving'medicine from the Hospital for a diseased heart and liver, and Dr.Marf, who-made a post-mortem examination ,of.;the ,body, stated that the brain was diseased, the’ lungs 'were -very.much congested.and gorgedwith blood, while the; heart was fatty, but not diseased. - The liver was very Jarge and diseased, and''there wasalsff ‘ulcefatiorrof the: womb.: ; i -Epilepsy / was jsaid .to Be ;i 'theH'jcaus'e, of death, and a verdict was returned in'■accord ance with the doctor’s testimony, before her death the deceased told Mias at Maryborough, and also tSt her country, but she had never sLn v 0 the colony fifteen years ago. Q W The necessary alterations’ and fit*,- completed, the library attached® Beading-rooms willbe opened tj Ki stock o£ well-chosen books. P *i4j' I A rifle match was fired on Sab*) * [between teams chosen from tb ' members of the volunteer force .Union Foundries, to nee which ler. The result-was that the Phowi, t ' m ia ks| .the Union team 156. Harding, Union team, with 62 to his credit^ , Phoenix with 60. * an A Heiij J • hotelkeeper relates the wi -1 -la-worth a place in print. Some weiHl lord numbered amongst his ■ SHtsS fresh,'and vfe Cday add il gre'eh ll £ 04i *fe| Babylon, Bow Bells had not Uftth. hours before visiting Ballarat to onhe iiwin&” as he expressed , d7i6te. ■ He called for a bottle 0f? 46 ! the roast beef of Victoria, and the •‘ WiH-you [take French or I,® lilteh id highly spoken' of, sir " it $ little incredulously, "I am replied —ill - am- .afraid you s’ understand me. I asked fora M.* 1 1 ; clareh but pefhaps you do not keen it lake further trouble. It’s of no you; a pint of port wine will do .waiter, had to leave the room, w diners Bitting near the new arrival ? J i : make furious onslaughts on the tolls whitest of napkins wcfe loldei fiCri'fe of A stt4 tri£. 148 ~ On Thursday a telegram appeared k «, J Coostown stating that a daughter of v.iN had been burned to death b/tha aene tin. On Saturday a Smythepdala by Mr A Gumtntoge. 3 the deceased, from the father of the ahesutvived only fodr hours from theO plosion, and that the rest of the fanuW l are aU well. Mr dune was wellkuom fij dale for a number, of years. - ■ The A rgus London correspondent teWi., February.—All the members of thaTiS' tSaChed London this evening, in E0 J?? .particular incident worthy of noterJrf voyage: Mr Berry and Mr Peanou ‘their quarters at the Westminster fjkiij tqria street." ■ . A Ballarat angler who has a few dan b anxious to get some sport with blatlJi J where is the nearest water likely to sought. Perhaps some of our tecta!, kindly supply the information. A. young- tekmster named Edmund fe several of his toes crushed on Saturday a' team of .bullocks in Bungaree. He wn j,; of putting on the brake, which was behind the dray, when he accidentally pjiu undergone [of the hind wheels and injury described.He was admitted, into feL for a few days. A farm laborer named Stephen O'Briag, fire.on. Saturday, while dozing in front ofjj hotel near Gordon, and burnt his left am elbow, but not very severely. He was alia the Hospital in the afternoon. • In a Government Qaseile Zxlraordmij,* on Saturday, the'following notiacation ia ® with the inauguration of the Governor ii rij S-“:Chiet,' [Secretary’s office, Melboutu!, gj ruary. : The ceremony of reading the csua ; the, Most Honorable, George Angustni Cna • Marquis of Normanby, &c.;, &s.;, 4a; afe Victoria, and administering the usual aa ; Excellency, will- take place at Govenmiib or about the 26th inst, at an bour.cE iS notice will- he given hereafter. The Ctal the members of the Executive Council, thi members of both Houses of Parliament, sula; heads and representatives of religion k fions; -civil, military, and naval officers; fe i of Melbourne'and Geelong, and of other ua and'boroughs; - the-presidents of shite com such of the general public as may think jn attend, are invited to be present on the «asi ! ■lt is. rumored that the City Council itc decide[ upon some regulations in connscfiat steamboat, traffic on Wendouree. It ii b Government safety-valves are to be afiri: boilers, and that the engine-drivers are bi qualified engineers. ,Mr Cave, who by ttsq to be mixed up with all sorts of busies i lake and gardens, has, we learn, boarded Ik: ' steamers, and taken the names of skippers irit driyete,' blit for what purpose, or fay whai tions; has not transpired. Some time agoth made - with'-reference to the efficient itdi machinery on board the steamers, and ocetc Gill, had. an inspection of the ffendonai made by - the Government engineer, and fid council"with a very satisfactory report Is officer,-of which no notice was taken. In stated before, Mr Ivey'a steamers are airs: withthe Government safety-valve. A'-post- office has been opened at Mcife Day leaford.. [ • : , The Right Rev. Samuel Thornton, HI Warrington Rogers, and Philip Channcjk gazetted trustees of the land set spirts! tember, 1860, as a site for a Church of Held at Clarendon; in the room of tbs fier.G.l and -J. Bbprer deceased, and J. Davidson ih l '.the'colony.'. - An inqiiest-was held at the Hospital o 8 by.the police, magistrate, on the body cl•; Ping, a Chinese, ' who died immediately s admission to the institution on Friday ates Owen ,stated that the cause of death" [disease and obstruction to the bowels, w* attacks of -peritonitis, and Mr-Thw® ! accordingly: ‘ : ;.At the City Police Court on Saturday, Clifford was fined 20s, or in default tt* gaol for a week, for his foolish interfereee 1 ,police on Friday. At the Town Court, & :Was [remanded till this morning on a car? ing boots. [' We did not receive the Geelong This paper, is very often missing, *»•■' account for the fact by supposing ttt [through whose hands the paper passes ib -has[a better right to it than we. Oho of the visitors to the Hospital oa-M| noon very nearly became a fit subject . into the wards of that institution by • long down-a flight of stairs. A ««L [in her arms was descending the ft* - leading-from; the upper wards, when ae on the brass edging which every wt and she rolled down to the landing, a““S, or ten feet. 1 The child rolled a Wt * * strange to say, neither of them t could be ascertained. A similar, ou [accident occurred on the same at* l * ‘ when .a woman broke her leg by m “s-. These things should prove a warning to descend the steps carefully. ■ The annual meetings in connection * „ Little Bendigo; St. Mark's, Brown m Warrenheip; St. John’s, Warren P- Bungaree; and St. Peter's, Must been held, and the results are mo3 ‘ . following statement will show that 'contrast in a financial point of Tie churches in the . surrounding ‘.-jS :iriV district, 1877, I® 3 & , v£6o;-total, £544 18s 3d. Ia«® 8 ' $ trict; 1878, £686 15s 9d; sustentati® 8d; total,. £7BO 2s sd. Increase or trict, £2Ol 17s 6d- The “Mease 0 !- ( chiefly due to the exertions of t , i3 Hill and Little Bendigo in raising the debt on the parsonage, ana to garee in raising funds for a new sc been a slight increase in the offer J- . VMajor Pitt, who has been lenoy- Sir George Bowen darl “8? Victoria, and for some time past “ has accompanied his Excellency the same’ capacities. . j:i '• The, good value of an adTW^jy ■ Smytheadale correspondent) Das .^ib' tested. An advertisement appear Bl *, ah' English solicitor, u “ dor ? flrea bo« 31 Friends,” enquiring for the w whose name was given, wno Albion hotel, Happy Valley- ~ it found that a person named stopped there, and as his Chr it was suggested that this “ Bob ”■ was next traced to a _ t Ballarat, and I hear that ha » 3 .England; where he has fallen atated : in the advertisement. Our Smythesdale politicians are atraimog their y , be attached to the 131 at d® Act, and its bearing on the'r < 33 ahouid be borne in mII J“ ‘ i Am* D act still, called the Electoral ,1876. No. 548, the Sthpectron fx lows:—' Every polling for any e dative Assembly shall °. om “! f o rcoooV I '. :!ior[the same at 8 a-m.an t jt jf I lees.lawfully adjourned, fia *- 3 j llC ied ( afternoon,, and shall; be mentioned; in.thq. dirinmp ffar Ds u none vrill contend that P 1 journed by thß proper officer, «tur£ officer* .Id aa instancei can the U iiM of the yecordsof th t.Sf by the Attorney, 1 there Was an election General. ;; the alteration to ; t li a Murray effected by hhb- &8t of of boundaries- ndia4tE!S were Messrs Orr 1 876 -trl ?fcB former how a member of tlm House. and iVitt, tho form tHe U ther e waa no voUng the day a PP°. ;„„ owine to the depth of enow JthoOmeo dim a f t er tho poll wa a that lay on the g of tKB de taken, andtbe°“, al! the precedents are dated until «*!?.*■ •. Act ,- ng .Chief Secretly,,and t>>c aoU " sustain the action of the Cabinet nDotto r„ the W«t Boarke election.! .‘Whom jn reference to . theypermit to go mad. ■ definite \Veat Soilrka complication character «° aee Jj ‘j,, ‘ The opinion, hdwemy is has Coins to nan J freB ff election Will take place, gaining gM u “n iSrtain that seeing . thO tan proposed of the populadty 01 K Qoyemor in Council will-when \- fowkiln elec tow, TaUdate the proceedings, and a applied to rej Should this be the case, the fresh writ w ‘ j vooa ting the disfranchisement will journal* now and dec l ar s that it was never shift tbek gw “ > tte of the people ffdui beitlg Intended to fresh election aa aproof of the {leirdi aS“ P°“! « t he people to vote. Those who jjalfo to allow _ will be pointed hare denonntop f urt h er B aid that should to «sbotaken, some peculiar tadlids Will bo resMtedto. notM yet been able to : trace out jhe attempted to overthrow the engine Jd £ka rnnning on the railway line to Queenschff _ Tuesday mdrniDg. Italng Advertiser) that the country m M.roditb, and along the route of the «l#a»Une took fire on Friday, owing to the sparks;- the engine of a tram proceeding froin „hicb f ell f 0 “ t in the afternoon. The fire caught j. the racecourse paddock, odoiipied by Mr. ■f Wurphr and biirht twenty acres, and it spread X John Mathieacn’s property, where a large nnm of crass were consumed, together -With i small area of grass land 5° Mr James BoxaU was swept over by the flames, L Mr Thomas Cleary had twenty-live acres of grass u era l pc?!* and rails burnt on a portion of land, & part of the railway reserve recently leased to i- hi the Government. Several portions-of the |“ m - b / on jir, Lee’s land were destroyed by the fire. The mud wira very strong, and it is suggested by e m nf nrooertv along the line of railway that the locomotives should be fitted With spark-catchers. The S trees caught fire and increased the danger of fhe but the trees could not be cut down or the dead timber removed from the leased Jjod without written permission from the Govern ment official. The Minister of Lands has decided (says the Oeelong Advertiser) that residence by a licensee under section 19 of the Land Act 1869, as amended by the Land Act 1878, within one mile of his licensed holding, shall iu future be considered residence upon the land tnthin the meaning of the said acts. At the Geelong Assizes on Saturday Edward Perdue, the late secretary of the Free Library, who' escaped’ to Sydney with the funds of the institution, was sentenced to seven years and eleven months’ imprisonment. James Walker, found guilty of horse stealing at Teesdale, was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment He urged in mitigation of the sentence that he had been rendered desperate by a previous conviction eight years ago on false evidence. Not a bad story comes to us (Warrnambool Guardian) concerning a storekeeper carrying on busi ness in the Western potato district Mr Seales, as is the usage with others of his calling, is in the habit of purchasing dairy produce from his customers, and, upon a recent occasion, found it necessary to inform the wife of a farmer who brought in weekly supplies, that the last lot of butter purchased from-her was Very much under weight, in fact, that nearly every ponnd pat was from one to two ounces short of the correct weight. The dairywoman protested that such could not be the case unless his (Mr Scales') weights were altogether wrong, and upon the storekeeper ask ing for further explanation, he was informed that the farmer’s wife, not having the usual appliances at hand, had weighed each pound of butter against a ponnd of tea sold to her by Mr Seales himself. The Weiherg Enquiry Board visited the Tarwin Hirer on Wednesday last, and made a survey of the site of the Weiherg escape. They found (says the Argus) on close investigation that the measurements given by the witnesses in Mel bourne wire very inaccurate; that Weiherg had a chance of running into a thicket that skirts ths river, and where he would have found shelter, with much more ease than by the route he took, bathe preferred to run a longer course through an open paddock, with the apparent view of drawing Detective Mahoney after him. This device would in dicate that he knew Mahoney would not overtake him, that his pistol was harmless, and that all he had to fear was the revolver of Mr Seeretan, who he calcu lated would be restrained from firing by the in tervention 'of Mahoney. The site of the first fall was 40. instead of five yards from the starting point, as alleged by one witness in Melbourne. The strange part of this affair is that at this point Ma honey had actually overtaken Weiherg, in spite of the surprise and the blow he had received; but from this point, up to which all had been in favor of the priso ner and all against Mahoney, the latter rapidly lost ground. There are other peculiar features of the case that cannot be here dilated upon, but it may be shortly stated that the event is unique in the history of police blunders. In the course of its investigation the board found that the prisoner had been fed and to some extent clothed on the evening of the day of the escape, at a hut about three miles from the site of the escapade. The owner of the hut, C. J. Fisher who sheltered and succored Weiherg, knew he was an escaped prisoner, but he made no attempt to arrest him, nor did he inform the police of the circumstance until a week afterwards. The San Francisco correspondent of the Araus. vmhng on 20th January, furnishes the following items of theatrical gossip;—Mra Clarence Livingstone (nie Eleanor Carey) proposes a professional trip to the colonies shortly. It is on the cards that a first-class company of American actors, say twelve in all, may on vuit the colonies. It will not be composed o* of CM r d f BtrayS “ f J the profession, but of people he highest recogmsed ability on this side of the *'V ble t 0 command “in stock" 100 dol. and colony Iv * ' T . bey S° willing to challenge dramatic'mm “ “ * a re P resent ative American uramatmcompany ’’ A new play, called “Loyal till oi Mf„rl? a- Vt e , Wife of «-G»*ww»r Pacheco, LTBter' B hpn.Ri Qd >. P a o . Ced St Baldwin ’ 8 for Fred critical circles ’r att J actBd 80m ® attention in fcshionable'audience ® Crowded and extremely of&ET; a f PP , ear . 8 in . oar advertising columns Acad™l nf T” eD u t 0 be G‘«n this evening in the manee Jn £ Mu . Blc by the Ga ™iok Club. The perfor ce «Tiek e ayl "’ 8 celebrated drama PMt nautical dtema 6 ” BkA and Dou 8 1 , a8 Jerrold’u enliven thTtown nZ Drum and Fife Band, will tor Frank Verten Hip „°i U u nse o£ fc^e cu *tain. Who has had the hnnnr C f c . omedian a “ d dancer, cellenoiea the late IZ * app ® ann e before their Ex ferent colonies h™ h* presen.t governors °f ‘be difc °°c*Bion. ° mT’ R M Wilkins p6Cla y eD S a B ed f ° r «* vocalists, hte also h!e„ S DB °. f our Rented already got tickets 058 who have 88 early as possible eft ,v?° 156I 56 Beoure their seats What we hear Mr T d ,?°? are °PWtod. From Playing, to a bumnerti V ft D ® Wl ~ a 7? the pleasure of °a the stage here? USe on tbla Iwt appearance AtnTXrdiv\°^s h r e for . the iMt tim * ‘he afternoon a nerfnrm ni ® bt ’ to a ‘ a ' r bouse. In attended, among T° e VeD and waB wel l the Benevolent Asvlum In 606111 being tbe i ama tea of oc Asylum, who received tree admission. 