ST. JOHN'S COLLEGE. Ok Saturday laofc the annual commomoration and distribution of prizes took place afc Sfc. John's College. His G-raco tho Archbishop of Sydnoy presided, and there were present — Tory Eev. Dr. (jillet (Eector), Very Rov. Mgr. Lynch, Revo. P. Fitzpatrick, T. S. Leonard, Or. F. Dillon, J. J, G-arvey ; Mr. Justice Faucett, and Messrs. P. A. JonningG, W. A. Duncan, T. C. Makinson, W. SL Archer, J. L. Watkino, Dr. M'Donagh, Major Murphy, E. J. Eubio, T. M. Slattery, J. &. O'Connor, T'. H. Counehan, T. Butler, J. Curtis, J. H. Skinner, B.A:, S. Mullinsj M.A., and Si B. Flynh; M.A. The proceedings Trero begun by the Eev. D'k Giliet, Rector, who read the following report : — 'Your Grace and gentlemen, — Another year has paosed oince I had tlio pleasure of addresoing you, and presenting to you those amongst our undergraduates who have distinguished them Belves during tho scholastic year. It is a satis faction to mo to be able to say that this affiliated College, since I have had the honour of being ttfltjoclated with its infcorests, has been steadily gaining ground in the estimation of the Catholic Body; and that tho students are increasing in imbiber, and manifest a strong desire to take advantagq of the facilitio3 for study which the University holds out, whilst they appreciate the Opportunities which are afforded them in this institution for being thoroughly grounded in the Catholic faith. Hero, whilst the rising Catholic youth are under Catholic discipline and train ing — are living in fact, in a thoroughly Catho lic college — they have at the University the immense advantage of tho best professors in the classics and sciences, so that it will be their own fault if they be not turned out polished gentlemen in heart and head with what is high est and noblest in Christian teaching. We, lioro, fil'o constantly keeping the double aim before us, that of eliciting all that is best in nature, and re moving whatever may stand in the way of .grace. Td fcoacli .ypiing niph.cd bp honourable and Jiuiii Hle, truthful and devout, courageous aiid yet self -restrained, and whilst they keep all the fa culties in highest exercise — to combine qualities which are tho outcome of Christianity with na tural gifts and grace which spring from nature Itself — this io one of tho main aims which, though imperfectly yet must earnestly s we pro pose to oiiroeives to realize in the training at St. John's. I cay we, for I think I may tell you that tho otudont3 are equally anxious with my self for success in this honourable aim. If I teach thorn, they, by mutual good example, teach each other 5 and I believe that) the good spirit which animates tho students as a body is as effectual In producing good results in nov7conlers, as |pe riioi'd Br'al instruction'. of. a master; or the theoretical enforcing of principle; Both cpni; bined osorciao a great influence j aiid I have reason to hope that tho good ac oount which I am able to give you to-day will bo conio encouragement to the students themselves, whilst it cannot fail to bo pleasing to all who may feel interest in them. In conclusion I may romark that tho allusion made by the Chancellor; Sir 'William Manning, at the late tonUdl Cdmriipiildrlltion; and by Sir. AJ.fr.od Stephen, tho Lwutenant-GWernor, to the affili ated colleges — the kind interest which they expressed in their welfare was not thrown away so far as wo are concerned ; and I hope I may Venture to say, as rector of this institution, that on our part wo shall spare no pains, by the way in whidh vo atrive to carry, out the object for ?frhich tliia college vVaa established, to show our aefep appreciation of the wisdom oi those great fneri — Hlils ! rtib'st Hf thorii. no niore amdiigst'us— ^hb| ^s $£r' t).f) t.hb TJiuVevelty scheme is b'rtritier'nbcl i placed this college on a perfect equality with gindred institutions. The recent loss sustained in the death of Sir Edward Deas-Thompsdtl io a i public calamity, whilst tho sudden demise of Mr. - Edward Butler, who was not only a strength but : ftn ornament to this college. ha3 cast over us a ? ? gloom wiiicii has i hdfc ye1 1 wholly' passed away. i *' But I atli detaining you tod ldng, inid sd i . Without f\irthoil delay t will pi-ddeed. to give yciii i ihe result of the recent college, examination! ; 'Before doing 8Oi however, I will give yoii the '. Jteftult Ofi filr S3 otir students are concerned, of ? the University exaiiiinatidn1!} di: ivAk iiiriiii '. ' Tho degree of Bachelor of Arts was con- ! feifred on Mr. Michael Aloysius Higgins, Mr. ' William Mackintosh Mayno, and Mr. Joseph A. 1 Mynn. ^MrvF; J;Butler otitairied a University 1 pfelMartjliip ttti' general proficiency in the Matvi- i Cuiatiou iMiiiihHticM, iM 'A flret-feltfcjs in Hondiiv ; Classics. Mr. Francis Patrick Brennan obtained i first-class in Honour Mathematics. Mr. Michael - Aloysius Higgins, first-class in Pass, Practical '. Chemistry, and Geology. Mr. William M. ] Mttyhe, first-class in Geology. Mr. Gerald T. A. 1 Dalton, ftrat-class in Pass Mathefiiaticoi5' I r, .'.At tho recent College Examinations the fd\\- - lowing honours and distinctions were obtained: — - ::? 'Tlie Dojongho Belgian Scholarship (value ] ..#»); frW) W/CVfM :t0 )-.fy\ i Mijtilluel Aldysius : JtigginB. the Jennings Sclioiarsn'ijj (?v'iiliie &'80J I has not yet been coinpofced fo, Tho O'Connell i 'Scholarship (value £50) was awarded to Mr. 1 'Francis Joseph Butler. Tho Leonard Prize i '(value £25) was awardod to Mr. Erancia Patrick . lBrennan. The Favrcett Gold Medal will be com- 1 'tetcd for nest term. i ' -( Tho follovang prizes were also awarded : — I 'gacred Scripture prize (value £5), to Mr. Joseph i ?!^' ^lynn ; ditto (value £.3), to Mr. Michael I ' .^oysiuB JBCigginp ;' rcligio'us instruction, pvizo 1 ?'(value £5), to Mi1. Joseph A. Flynn ; mental : ? ^philosophy prize (yaluo £5), to Mr. Joseph A. . 'jplynnj modern history pize (valuo £5), to Mr. , 'toeorgo Colomriri ; classics prize (value £5), to ' ' 'Mr. EVancis Patrick Brennan ; mathematics i 'fvaluo £5), to Mr. ITrancis Patrick Brennan. j j&ir.; Dan'a'o Ecoleaiastical History was givon a3 . '.''An extra prize, by Mr. W. A.Duncan, to Mr. : M-A- Higgino. During tho couroo of the yeav Mr. Charles Louis Gabriel was admitted a mem ber of the Royal Society. ' The donor o£ the Sacred Scripture Prize was .T Butler, Esq. The donor 'of tho Religious In struction Prize, his Grace the Archbishop. Tho donor of the Mental Philosophy Prize, Monsig nor Lynch. Tho donor of the Modern History Prize, T. M. Slattery, Esq. The donor of the Classics Prize, J. Donovan, Esq., LL.D. The donor of the Mathematics Prize, Daniel O'Con nor, Esq., M.L.A.' Archbishop Vaughan then rose and said, — Mr. Rector and Gentlemen — It has so far been my practice, a practice, I hope, not altogether disap proved of, to say some few words at these annual reunions, bearing upon academical subjects, or on the higher education of Catholic youth. One of the principal objects aimed at in a university ciirritiulum is; evidently, to enlarge the mind, and to free it as much1 as possible from ignorance and superstition. A merely professional Or technical training tends rather towards narrowness than to breadth or versatility of mind : while ignorance and superstition are best set to flight by broad surveys of large subjects in many fields of know ledge. No 7/ ,1 somehow, feel drawn this morn ing to throw a small gleam of light upon one piece of superstition, which if we may believe the publio prints, appears still to hold its own in not a few kind and friendly minds. The fact is, wo al'e apt to bo bo highly satisfied with the ago in which wo live that we are tempted to depreciate the ages that went be fore it. i We are occasionally reminded of ' tho3e dark ages;' when ignorance and supersti tion went hand in hdridj and when narrowness and cruelty were the constant associates of arro gance and vice. From being often repeated, an error, after a time, is taken by the world at large for truth. It is by means of universities that these errors — these pieces of real ignorance and superstition — are broken up and dissipated. We, doubtless, surpass the middle ages in many things, in steam, electricity, natural science, in discoveries affecting the material world, and which minister to the arts of life. This is self evident. But the main end of existenco, after all, is not to enj'oy oneself exclusively in creature comforts; And though the middle ages were not eo well furnished with material enjoyment o, in many ways, as wo are, still they can scarcely be looked upon as wholly ' dark.' I think I can show this without much difficulty. Let me explain myself. Allow me to read you simply one page out of a meduevai book, just as I might show you the frontispiece of an illuminated Missal. This book of mine was not written with a pen, but with the pencil and the brush j not on paper, but on the four walls, and on the arched vaults of an Italian chapel. Let us imagine ourselves in Florence, in the ' dark ages,' when Popes ruled, and tho Church was mistress of civilized society, and when saints walked the earth; or had done no not long since. I trans port you to the Church of Santa Maria Novelia, alive with Dominican monks. I lead you to the chapter-room. the Spanish Chapel, as it is called, where the monks pray and confess their faults. Here we are in the ' dark ages*' with a ven geance, with men who in these days with some are types of ignorance and superstition. But never mind the Dominicans at present ; just look before you. This chapter-room, you will see, is of a peculiar shape. I have measured it ; it is 32 feetj as. you lqok, down it ? and 57- feet across. Look at the arched vault: See that boss with the lamb carved on it ; it seems an immense height up ; those chamfered beams, which spring from those strong side pillars seem to fly up, away into the air, till they rest together, and centre in that boss in tho middle of the vault above. Well ; you see at once that this vault is divided into four compartments by the support ing beams,which correspond to the four walls. Now the page of my mediæval book, which I want to read to you, consists of a painting on one of the sides of this Spanish Chapel. Look opposite you j see tho vault above ; there you perceive, represented by mediceval art, the Resurrection of our Lord. In all good middle-age art tho mi raculous fact is generally painted on the roof or vault, the consequences below, on the wall. Now the whole vault and all the walls of this room are prtinted with pictures ; a disciple of Giotto, the' shepherd painter,- named Taddeo Gaddi, a jre'at decorative artist, did most of these pictures. He painted the whole of the vault j tilt yrhen ho was beginning the south wall ho invited Simon Memmi, a disciple of Giotto, too, and a native of Siena; and his friend, to help' him. Memmi was a more powerful ancd skilful painter than Gaddi, as you may see by comparing their work ; but never mind that now. I said tho Resurrection is on tho vault in front of you ', at your back is tho Ascension ; on the right hand Christ walking on,, the waters; and, on the left, a representation of the descent of tho Holy Ghost. I have not time to' explain the pictures on all the- walls. I shall confine' myself ;o this left-hand wall — to my one page of this jeautiful mediaeval book. Look again at the frttilt. There you see the Madonna and the dia jiplea in the upper room : below them the Medes', Parthians and Elamites are represented ; itid .those, three dogs are there to signify that tho idininri; df the spirit brought gentleness oven to wards dumb animals. Now1, for one moment, ook at the centre of the wall. You see a repre icntation by Simon Memmi of St. Thomas Aquinas, seated on a throne, holding a scroll in his hand, with three verses written on it. Those three verses, as you will presently see, illuminate the whole conception of tho artist, and give an idea of what mediaeval thought was. Now leave St. Thomas for a while, and carry your eye to the bottom of the vault, just under the picture of the Descent of the Holy Ghost. You see a female figure with flames springing from her head and hands— that represents Charity ; below are two other figures, the one with a cross in one hand, and a shield,' protecting her from fiery darts, in tho other — that is Faith ; tho next one holds in her hand a bunch of lilies— that is Hope ; below, again, in a line, you see four other figures ; the first is a woman standing on a black fish and holding it as with a bridle — she is Temperance ; next, a woman with a book, Prudence ; next, one with a crown and a baton, that is Justice ; and, then, there is Fortitude, with, a tower and sword. And what does all this mean ? It means that it was an axiom in tho 'dark ages' that true science and intelligence were impossible without God's Spirit, and apart from the theolo gical and cardinal virtues ; that you could not have any true, deep education, apart from reli gion — a terrible superstition, now gradually dis appearing ! - Please, for a moment, fix your eye on the figure of St. Thomas ; you see a row of figures on each side of him.. What are those on the left ? Look at them from left to right. Thero is, first, Jercmias, then David, and St. Paul, and St. Mark and St. John. Look on the other side, to the right, from right to left ; the first one is Solomon, next in order comes Isaias, Moses, St. Luke, and St. Matthew. So far so good. Now look below these ; you see no less than fourteen figures, seven on each side of the Saint ; indeed twice fourteen, excluding fourteen medallions. Look at the rays of light coming clown from the prophets and evangelists ! they quite illuminate them. What are they ? They represent the knowledge of divine things, and of human things, each emblematic, and under each emblem the great leading master of the respec tive art or science, as acknowledged in those days. Then over each emblem is a medallion, which I have no time to notice. Now take them from left to right. Let me explain the first more fully, and then you will understand the character of tlie others; Well there is Grammatice or ' Literature' represented by a female figure with a rod in one hand pointing out the ' narrow way' to three children, two boys and a girl,' and in her other hand she holds a fruit as a reward for them ; the medallion above represents a figure looking into a fountain ; below, the great Master of Grammar, Priscian, is depicted ; next comes Rhe toric, below Cicero ; then Logic, below Aristotle ; music, below Tubal-Cain ; Astronomy, Zoroaster ; Geometry, Euclid ; and Arithmetic, Pythagoras. Now look on the other side of St. Thomas ; that first figure is Justinian, and. above him Civil Law is represented ; then Pope Clement V., and above, Canon Law ; next comes to him Peter Lombard, the great Master of the Sentences, who summed up in his great work the whole theolo gical science of Western Christendom in his day : above is Dogmatic Theology ; then comes Denis the Areopagite, whose De Divinis Nominibus was a text-book, and a very hard one too, of high speculation concerning God, and above, Mystic Theology ; then Boethinus the great philosopher and lover of Aristotle, and above, Philosophy ; next, St. John of Damascus, who did for the East what the Lombard did for the West, for he formed a sum of all previous knowledge of Di vine things, and above is Oriental Theology ; and lastly, there is the great pillar of the Western Church, St. Augustine, and above Polemical Theo logy. Each of these pictures is a study in itself, each medallion, each typical figure, each Master, of each branch. Look below — there are Arius, Averroes, Sabellius, stricken with the darts of light shooting from the figures above ; showing how heresy is transfixed by the power of truth. Now raise your eyes from those prostrate heresi archs up to the fire at the top of the vault hovering over the Madonna and Disciples, and take in the whole conception, if you can ; now read the scroll in the hand of St. Thomas ; it runs thus i Op'tayi, eifc datiis.est mibi sensus, liiVociivii e't. vonifc in lilp Splritus Sapientico, Et preposni illdiii rdguis eti sedibiiSi ' I willed and sense was given me. 1 prayed and the Spirit of Wisdom came upon me. And I preferred her to kingdoms and thrones.' This expresses tlie spirit of the schools in the ' dark ages.' I wishe'd for it; and a sense, a feeling, a tendency towards1 the1 gddd and beautiful was given m'R. I prayed, I went on my knee's, rtnd besought my Maker, for He alone could give that, to' b'ostcn? ctn me tho Spirit of Wisdom ; and it came upon me ; aiid wHo'n rtij flenso had yearned towards these high things, aiid Wisdo'ni liad possessed me, then it was that I cared not for kingdoms and thrones ; I did not make creature comforts my own end in life ; but an intimacy with a refining and elevating spirit. Now look at the depth, breadth, and spirituality expressed in this page of my meditaval book ; its breadth — the immense world of knowledge it embraces ; its depth, tho root of it — Love, with the flaming head and hands; and God's own Spirit above ; and its spirituality— the whole pervaded, interpenetrated with ethor of another world. I leave this page of my book printed, gentlemen, on yo'rir imaginations, and if you will ponder on its meaning iind on the wealth of knowledge it points to, you will agree with me that tho ' middle ages ' in some matters, oi' no secondary importance, are able to teach a salutary lesson to us, living in the glare of the nineteenth century. Take an example of the spirit of those ages. As Michael Angolo, with one or two strokes of his pencil, Cdiucl represent a living figure : so with one or two rough strokec let me represent him. You know ho was a giant and a king, of the highest form of art. What was the character of his spirit ? Ho was educated by such a page as I havo been displaying before you. His mind was filled with high conceptions of God, as love ; and of beauty, as love's effulgence ; and he lived in a world of supernatural thought. With senses purified by the refiner's fire, he soared abovo this world. His cult was the cult of beauty, tho most vivid image of truth. Beauty, with him, did not debase, but it olevated. Tho graco of God was, with him, ever identified with tho soaring of tho mind after true beautifulness. He speaks, in ono of his exquisite songs, or La belta — ulio imiovo 13 porta al cielo o;;ui intelotto muio, of 'Beauty which moves and carries every cound. intellect towards Heaven.' Still, he says, that is not done without the graco of God : ' Asccndor sunza grazia o ponsior vano.' ' It ia a vain 'thought to think of ascending without the aid of Grace.' Then when tho wholo world was at his fqpfc, he writea to hie father theep touching words : ' It is enough,' he says, ' to have bread, and to live in the faith of Christ, even as I do here, for I live humbly, nor do I care for the life nor the honour of the world.' He energized in a purer and higher sphere than that of king3 and courtn. He speaks of death, very differently from what most men do in our age. He calls the fe merabrance of it ' the only thought which makes us know ourselves, and saves uo from becoming a prey to kindred, or friends, or masters, to ambi tion, avarice, and other vices and sins which rob a man himself.' And when he had to meet death himself, true to his high nature, ho turned, to his friends, it being just about sun-down, and fixing his gaze upon them, and said, ' When you como to die, remember the passion of Jesus Christ. His David and Moses, his awful Pro phets and Sibyls, his severe Madonnas, his Cap tives, indeed, all His great works, speak of an intellect possessed by the majesty and beauty of God and of God's creatures. His mind is typi cal of those ages so lightly spoken of, full of the presence of the Other world ; and whilst a master surpassing all, humble as a, child, and as simple ; fearing God and absorbed in spiritual thoughts, and leaving works behind him which make tho nineteenth century despair. Would it be con sidered blameworthy wore we to gather a losson . from those ageB, when painters were saints, and knowledge was broad, deep, and spiritual? To do so, it seems to me, would be much more in keeping with the spirit of a seat of universal knowledge, such as a university is, than to visifc them with a sweeping condemnation, or to pasc them' by as unfit for the study of a more en-. lightened age. Gentlemen, I have read you my page in support of this view, and I now leave it to you, to decide for yourselves, how far you . think I am justified in holding it. (Applause.) The presentation of scholarships and other prizes was then proceeded with, and tho success- , ful candidates were warmly applauded as they received the honours from the hands of the donors or gentlemen present. Mr. Jennings, in presenting the O'Connell . scholarship, said he could not but remember the. memorable occasion which transpired in this city. some three or four years ago, when a fund was , formed, the interest of which was annually to be - given to those who passed the necessary examina- , tion. That, he was satisfied, had done more practically to signalize the memory of O'Connell that was done at any other place at which the celebration was held. (Applause.) . . ' Mr. W. H. Archer, in handing over the prize, for sacred Scripture, said that he had great', pleasure in doing so for this reason— that it; would have a tendency to do away with a pre-' judice that existed to a very wide extent among non-Catholics in regard to the Christian ScripV' tures. It was an opinion extraordinarily diffused that the Catholics were afraid of the .Bible, and discountenanced the reading of that sacred book. He remembered many years ago reading a very popular book written by a Protestant, and circu lated amongst Protestants, namely ' D'Aubigne's History of the Eeformation.' The author gave a most romantic and extraordinaiy account of how Luther became converted to the' truth. Luther was not aware of the Gospel ; he did not know what the Bible was j he found' that everything he had been taught was untrue—. . ' (laughter) — and that this book, buried for. ages, was really the source and light of all Christianity. [ He must do non-Catholicity the juofcice to' state that there was another book, of an opposite teaching, written by a Protestant, entitled ' The' Dark Ages,' the author of which, in a most able and pleasing manner, gave an account of a Catholic named. St. Eloi, and showed that thafc preacher, although he oxisfceel ao many years before Luther, actually in the course j?f a 3ermon quoted more of the scripturos than the most eminent of evangelical non-Catholics would do now in their sermons. Monsignor Lynch, in handing the prize for mental philosophy to Mr. Joseph A. Flynn, spoke on the advantages of a right course of thinking. The great object of life was not the gratification of the senses, but a much higher and better one ; and to enable man to realize it they must culti vate, elevate, and purify the mind by education. That education must be permeated with religious principles to make tlie human mind realize all the objects which the Almighty had in oreating them. Such was his idea ; end he did think that, if men thought as they ought to think, they would realize this truth, that the Church had her functions, and that she had duties to perform to those committed to her care, and that it was only just and proper that she should perform tho39 duties. He thought that many of the attacks that had beon made upon his Grace the Arch bishop on account of his efforts to place education upon a proper basis would cease if men would but recognize that this world was much inferior to tho world to come, and that all wo had here was only given to uo to use to secure for ourselves a more noble destiny. (Applause.) The proceedings then terminated. After the business of tho morning was con cluded the visitors were invited to luncheon, which was served in the refectory of the College. 