HOW GEOEGETTE KEPT TRYST. By E. M. Ftm. vmsailles, -and -foe gfWeSgwds were crowded withhCbday. snSm tromYari. Agolden Septem fie kfter- uoon was waning to Its olom. The autumn sunshine, low, bnt clear, lay in lonEBhafts' wra across the quaint and formal gardens, and glittering in the spray of innumerable fountains, toBring. fsUing. splsshingi spark led, on every ride. The air was full of the lathing, liquid sound. Tto> orowd had gathered thickly round £" Eln K the giant jets in the Basin of Neptune," and "Apollo," remoter nirt of thegroaodscomnar- rati vely deserted. ..InoneoftheloneUmtgreen and shady allfea a young oouple were slowly sauntering. The girl, who was dressed with the daihty neatneea oharaeteriatic of a Parlelan onvriire of the better class, had taken off . . st> oldt to decorate it with a spray of ivy, While her companion held her parasol, and watched bet in admiring silence. The snnBhine touched her wavy browo hair with gleams of gold, and brought a tinge of rose to tbe delicate pallor of her faoe; a faoe which, in repose, had a look of patient melancholy, as if already life's shadows had fallen upon it. Bat when, glancing np from her task, she met her lover's eyes, it bright ened all over with a emile so sndden and sweet that he weB dazzled. " Georgette, how lovely ypu arel" The remark seemed to eeoape him involuntarily. "It is my hat, not my faoe, yon are to -admire, if you please," ahe retnrned, with e demure little glance at him, as ahe put 'it on again. " Look, doeau'tthe ivy make a pretty trimming 1" "Charming; the frmmer-Ia worthy- of the pioture. Suppose we sit down on the grass here for a few moments, that I may admire it at my leisnre 1" ... ' ' (> " Yes. let ns. I am so fond of this-nlune" she responded. \- It was a narrow walk, ahnt in by trees and quaint clipped hedges, with grass under foot, and leaves overhead, green, shady, solitary. Near where they eat was a littlfe fountain, and tbe eta toe of a water-nymph in a mossy marble basin. Tbe marmot cj the crowd reached them vaguely, mingled with the cashing of water, and the music df a distant band. " You love this spot ! so do I," said the youog man, as he stretched himself on tle grass at ber ride. "It was io this very avenue, my darling, when these leaves were young, that yon spoke the three eweet words which made me the happiest man in France." " Did if really make yon happy to know that Iloved yon, Etienne ! I am sogtid."the girl replied, lettiDg ber band rest for a moment on hie dark onrls, "Bnt my love csn never be to yon, dear, what yours is to -me, because you have never known what it Is to be utterly unknown and nncared for, 'as I Was tell X met you, six mouths ago." "My poor little love!" he murmured, raiting her hand to his Hps. "What a happy inspiration it was of mine," he went on, after a moment's pause, " to take lodgings in the dear, doll old house In ' the Bne dea Eooles — little I ' dreamt that I should meet my fate under that roof ! Do yon know that it was yonr volos that derided me to take the rooms!" "Hy voioe!" " When the concierge showed them to me yon were ringing over yonr work In the story above. I asked him whoee was that ex quisite voice, like a chime of silver bells ! It was a little flower-maker, au eixitme, he told me, whom the neighbours called ' M1b8 Nightingale,' and It was worth five . francs a month extra, he assured me, to have her for a fellow-lodger." Georgette laughed and blushed. " What a compliment from rid Fodevln !" "I quite agreed with him, and we oame to terms on the spot. I found that my musical neighbour had a face Gut matched her voice, -and if aver there was a case of love at' first sight it was mine, Georgette. MjTheart went out to yon, .dear, from the moment when your sweet,1 shy, blue eyes met mine." " And mine to you," she whispered. "Is that true! then why did yon take snoh trouble to avoid me, little coquette If "Now that is ungrateful. Weal dot " "You were the kindest and mosiobliging of neighbours, 1 admit," he interrupted ; " bnt you were as shy as a bird. I seldhm caught a glimpse of you exoept we met-by chance on the stairs, and then sometimes, instead of stopping to apeak, yon would' dart past me like a flash of light." " My time was mare valuable than yonrs, yon eee," she explained. «" I work in earnest, while yon only play at work. Too need not look dignified, yon know it iB the troth. 11 yon had no other resource but yonr pec, no rich relatione in the baokgronnd who " " Yon forget that l|cut myself adrift from them two years ago, when I gave up the profession they had chosen for me, and tamed from the sandy desert of the law into the' flowery fields of literature, From their point of view, I have committed social enioiae ; tney nave rormauy wasueu uieu handa of me." Die companion's face clouded. "What wonld tbey Bay if they knew that — that yon were betrothed to a common work girl ?" she asked, with a troubled emile. " They do know it," he answered quietly. " I wrote to my father eome days agu." She started, and the colour rushed to her faoe. "And he — has he answered your letter! what did he eay f' ' What did he not say, rather 1" returned Etienne, laughing. "You don't expect me to repeat it all, I hope ! Why do you.look ao scared, child! yon know that nothing be oan say— nothing anyone can say or do would make me give you up." "I know. Bob— but perhaps it is selfish of me to let yon sacrifice yonr prospects for my sake," she faltered, looking at him in wistful doubt " Perhaps some day you will regret " ' Georgette," he Interrupted reproachfully, "have yon so little faith in my love! have yon ao soon forgotten all I eaid.to yon under these very trees, when we plighted our troth!" " How oould I forget ?' " Then trust me, -dearest, and do not fear the future. It comes to ns mailing, with both hands lull of blessings." "Ah, do not expect too much from it, Etienne." . " Well, if it only brings me bread and cheese, and you, 1 shell be oontehted," he returned. . . : _ "Contented without fame or riches T she questioned, smiling. "1 thought yon I were ambitious!" .. . ...r : "So I was— once, bnt there is no room for ambition in a heart that is lull to the brim uilove. "After all," be added philosophically, ! il what the happier should I be for riches or renown ! I have set up my ten tin the pldasaot -tand-cf Bohemia, where there is no shame _ mVmhk> wut ii' aiotnr esqae, and even starvation has its poetical ride." Georgette raised her eyebrows. : . "it u 'plain' that -whoever' first" aald. to riever felt it,'.' she commented, drily, ;, Some thing in ber tone 'made her eompampn look round ail hier'face. Georgette, how yon ssld'thati One wonld alrnoet think tbaS yon-— That I had known that poetical pain myself!" ahe added, with a .'amllej half tab, half ironical. "Perhaps .There.: -You seeT have only heee"-ioldiog cp herihands '—"to keep the. wolf frompldobr. and if WOrk fails me for a time, he, .papain.' Ah, hfe'is not in theieast f poeticaPd nasnre yon,- bntthe ngliestJuDUSter youcauimaoiWL She shuddered, then broke into a laugh. "Ton- look aa -etaftfedisa rf lyon saw-Aim at this moment- pennng over my ahoolder. Why doyou ;talk pf anoh horrors, Etiennej! let ns change the subject." _ , Etienne was silent. A curious chill orept over him; e sudden shadow seemed to have fallen cn the bright day. There Was a 'jarrihgsSnse otincongridtyin theaaeooiabon <of Georgette with such grim realities as want and hardship. He .lppked at the sweet, eonrageoua faoe, the fragile figore, the delicate bauds' that had1 -been forced to fight wo herd a battle for bare 'piiriinoe, and hJa 'heart swelled with pity and ,S!geuep>o aort of ahame at he contrasted his easy, indolent Jife with beta. .. He seized ber fingers and covered them " Dear, breve little handa! I never loved them so welL Thank heaved, they will not hive to t&moph; longer. . ; She ainHod,"add'pamedbri- hand1 over Am hair again. "So when I share yonr tent in the pleasant land of Bohemia I shall have nothing to do all day bnt oonnt my fingers 1" "Yon will have nothing to"do but to love me and be happy." . '"Aimer, obanter— vrila ma vie I'" ahe into melody as naturally as a bird slogs. Bat do yon know that it is getting late I" she added, looking ronnd. And, indeed, while they had been talking the golden afternoon had crept away. Shadows were lengthening on the slopes, and in the ferny hollows of the park it was already dosk. Presently all the fountains ceased, and there was a sodden hash and stillness In the air ; a sense of coolness, freshness, moisture; and odonr of wet earth and grass. The water in the "Basin of Neptune" subsided into etiUness, though its enrfaoe was still fretted with ripples like a miniature sea, and the great metal gronps of Neptnne and Amphltrite, Proteus, and the strange sea monsters, dripped and glistened in the last rays of the setting sun. An hour later Georgette and her lover left tbe gronnds, and made their way to tbe station, where a train was jnet starting for Paris. It was pleasant to be borne swiftly through the wide, dusky landscape, alongside of the sweet Seine; dimly shining in the starlight ; past Saint Clona and Snreanes, with their pretty villas burled in foliage ; past Pnteanx with its market gardens, and Asnidres with its flotilla of pleasure boats, till the lights of Paris began to sparkle ronnd them, the vagoe white glare of tbe electrie light showing where the Place de l'Opera lay; the long lines of lampB on the exterior boulevards stretching away in apparently endless perspective on every side. Then came the loitering wslk homewards aloog the brilliant streets, where all Paris seemed to be sitting onteide the oafei taking Its oigar »nd " ohasse" over the Pont Nenf, where they caused to look at the moon in th« river, and so into the labyrinth of qnaint, old-world streets of the classic Qoartier Latin. It was nine o'clock when tbey reached the Bne des Ecoles. As they passed the concierge's den, the latter, a snuffy old man in a hollaed apron and tasselled smoking cap, pat oat his heed and oslled them book. " A letter for yon. Mademoiselle Georgette. Came by the midday post. A man's writing," he added, as be handed it to her. "I have no gentlemen correspondents, Monsieur Podevln." "It's a gentleman's writing nnyhow," he repeated. She scrutinized tho direction with a puzzled look, then shrugged her shoulders, and pat the letter into her pooket. "Perhaps it is an order for flowers," she remarked. "For orange blossoms, hein!" suggested the old man, with a sly glanoe at Etienne. "If eo-lshall not aooeptit,",wasGeorgette's answer. "Why!" her lover demanded, as he followed her upstairs ; sorely it wonld be a good omen." "No; if yon make them for others yon will never wear them yonreelf,. they say. " Superstitious child I Yon will let me see that letter, won't yon! I shall not sleep till I know who is yonr mysterious corres pondent. " Is monsieur jealous, for example!" Bhe asked, throwing a laughing glanoe at him over her shoulder. " Not the least in the world," he protested. " I mm only curious." "Well, come up to my landing, and I will satlsly yonr cariosity as soon as I have lighted the lamp. Where ia my key ! ah, there it is I" She unlocked her door and entered, while her oompanion stood onteide, looking in at the humble little room whose threshold he had never crossed. The moonlight filledit, giving it a dreamy, unreal look, showing the little white bed in an alcove, the work table with its litter of half fioished flowers, tbe bird cage and plants in the window, and bis own photograph on tbe wall, with a print of onr Lady of Lonrdes above it. Everything was ae daintily neat and trim as Georgette herself, and tbe room was sweet with the scent oi mignonette. " Bon eoir, Jannet ! and tbou too, Mignon," said tbe girl, as she entered, greeting her feathered and furred companions. The canary responded with a shrill chirp, while the cat jumped on to her Bhohlder, and purred a welcome. When the lamp was lighted she came towards her lover, who was watching' her with" all hia heart in his eyes. Her hair, damp with the night dews, lay in loose onrled rings on her forehead ; fatigue had made her paler than usual, bnt her eyea shone like twin stars. " Yon look at me as if yon bad never seen me before," she said, smiling. " I have sever seen yon look so eweet." " Thank yon ; but you say that every time we meet, do yon know !" "Because at every meeting I discover a fresh beauty." "And never any defects!" he toon ner race neiween ma tunas, ana looked at it critically. " Yes ; yon are too pale, hot that ie soon remedied. One — two," he kissed her on each cheek; "there, that is better. Now look at me; let me Bee if yonr -eyes are laughing as well as your lips, ' They were ianghicg when she raised them to his face; bat tbe look of passionate tender, neas they encountered made them droop with sndden gravity, and broaght a still warmer tide of colour to her face. "My sweet !" be whispered, bending till his bearded cheek toncbed hers; "it is a delight to look at yon ; it is joy to love yon, and to be loved by yon is heaven itself. Is there another man in Paris, I wonder, so happy as 1 am at this moment !" "Hash !" she interposed, patting her hand to his lips; "dont boast of happiness, that is the way to lose it. He langhed. " Another enpentition! How many more have yon in stock ! And now for the letter. Let me hold the lamp while yon open it." " Yon will let me read it to myself first, I suppose! No, yon are not to look over my boulder," she added, laughing and drawing baok; have patience." Smiling still, she unfolded it, bnt she had hardly glanced at the first lines when her face changed. The colonr faded ont of it suddenly; the light from her eyes, the laughter from her lipB. She glaooed rapidly down the page, then hastily refolded it, add throat it into her pooket. ' Georgette 1" Etienne exclaimed, "yon promised to show it to me." " Not now — to-morrow," ahe faltered. "To night ; at onoe, if yon pleat e," he persisted, his face darkening; "it is no ordinary letter to caose such agitation. I have a right to see it; give it to me," and be laid his hand on hers. She looked np nt him piteonsly. " Not now — to-morrow," she repeated, hardly above a whlsner. He let go her hand, and turned from her, his face dark with jealous anger. She clasped her hands upon his arm and detained him., ".Do not psrt from me in angar to-night — do not, my darling 1 trust -me till to-morrow." '' He looked nt her a moment with troubled eyes, but there was no resisting the pleading of thst eweet, tearful faoe. " So be it," he eaid, gravely ; "yon shall tall me yonr secret at your own time. Good- Alight, Georgette." As he. bent towards her, with a sadden Impulsive movement, the girl pat -her arms rouod his neck, and- drew his head down, kissing him again and again with quivering lips, then took the lamp from hit hand,'and turned away. Touched and surprised by her unwonted- -effosion, he went slowly '. downstairs, junolng when he reached his ova '---"rg. to Georgette was leaning over the"banisters with the lamp io her hand, looking down at him. There was an expression on ber faoe he bad never seen there before; a rapt, far away gaze that gave it a spiritual look. The moment he' glanced up at her, Bhe vanished into 'her own room, and all was dork. \- Many a time in after yearn Etienne saw her in dreams, bending towards him with thst rapt look in her eyes, with the shadows around her and the light upon her faoe. \- Etienne passed a restless night and woke late next morning, feeling nnrefreehed, and with a strange sense of oppression and irnntiflinfiftBi .It. was a gloomy day, with 8 lesden'sky and a ohill wind. w " The weather is breaking !" tbe concierge remarked, when he brought np the roll and enp of caf4 an lait for his lodger's first breakfast." "Yesterday was the last of summer." " The last day of summer." The young man found himself repeating the words thought fully -as if they contained eome hidden meaning. It was eleven o'olook by the time he had finished. He went np to Georgette's room and tapped at the door. It was not latched, and as his summons met with no reply he gently poshed it open and looked in. The expression of pleaBnrsble anticipation faded suddenly from his face, giving place to one of blank perplexity and astonishment. One glanoe showed him that Georgette was not there, sod it showed him something else. All her beloDgings had vanished. The room was stripped and bare. He stared ronnd stupidly, frying in vain to understand it. Georgette gone! It seemed like a bad dream, from which he wonld wake presently to find her before him. At length, rousing himself from his stupefaction, he harried downstairs to question the ooncierge. "Oh, yes, Ma'amaelle Georgette is gone, snre enough, " tbe old man told him, coolly. " She came down shortly after nine o'clock, and told me that Bhe was obliged to leave immediately. She paid her term and fetched a fiacre herself. The driver carried her box downstairs, and — pal 1 she was gone ; all in a breath, as one may asy. Bnt she left a note for yon, monsieur ; that will explain it, no doubt." " Why conld yon not tell me that at first !" Etienne asked impatiently, snatching it from his band. Enclosed was the letter which she had received on the previous evening, together with a few lines in her own writing. He put tbe former aside without a glanoe and nn kav hnrnftll Mni-A " Dear love, I write with a breakisg heart o bid yon farewell," it began. "The letter received last night was from yonr father. When you have read it yon will know why I have left yon." Etienne ottered a||pasBionate exolamstion. "My father 1 ah — I understand. He knew that I should never give her np, so he has taken the snreet (means of driving her trom me." "If a marriage with me," Georgette wrote, "wonld ruin all yonr prospects, and spoil yonr life at the onteet, ae he aaya, I mast never be yoar wife. 1 love yon too well to iojnro you eo cruelly, and therefore, though it team my heart, I mast say — adieu I Forgive me, my beloved — and forget me." The.letter ended tfcere, bnt overleaf there was a postcript, which had evidently been added on a sudden impulse at the fast moment. "My ooorage fade me. I cannot, cannot write that cruel word, ' farewell.' I must have a hope, however - slight, to keep me from despair. Dearest, in two years' time yon will be yonr own muter ; then, if yonr lore is unchanged, we may meet again. On the first Sunday in September, two years hence, go to Yensilles, and in the afternoon, when the fonntaioB play, wait for me in the ' Verte Aline' where we sat yesterday. If 1 lire I will come to yon. Till then, my best beloved, adien I" Etienne read it through twice 'And meohanioally refolded it, then took up hie father's letter — a pitiless letter, every wore of which moat have gone like a knife to her heart. He did not wonder that in the first anguish of wounded pride and outraged affection she had fled from him, bat he determined that he wonld not accept tbe separation. He wonld find her and bring ber back. . He went ont at onoe and spent -the remainder of tbe day in searching for ber, enquiring in every quarter where ahe is known. But all his efforts were in vain. Her lonely little figure had drifted ont ot sight, and was lost in the great labyrinth of Paris. Two long years must pus before be saw it again. A ohill September afternooo. The sky was covered with low hanging olonds, the wind had a wistful sigh in it which promised rain. It was nnpropitions weather for a fete at Versailles, nevertheless there was no lack of visitors, and to one of them, who was slowly pacing tbe " Verte Alike," this quiet, 'cool, "grey day,' full of soft miatand-moiaiure, had a pensive charm of its own, like a picture in neutral tints, or an air in the miner key. Etienne was first at the trysting place : that qnaint greeu avenue where Georgette and he eat to watch the fountains, two years ago. Two years; what agolfofjtime it had seemed beforehe crossed it, and how short it appeared now, looking back! He could have fancied it waa only yesterday that he was loitering under the trees, with that bright, tender face at hie side — the face which had guided him like a star through the lonely years to this day. Those years had bean eventful ones to him, fame had come to him, and ha was on vO© niguroau wu lunuue wv. aao ubu jcu the "pleasant land of Bohemia" and the old nomadio life far behind him. And Georgette, how had she fared ! what story woold she have to tell him, he won dered. His heart sank strangely, as he asked himself the question. Not for a moment did be donbt that Bhe wonld oome. He knew — he felt that she wonld keep her word. He longed impatiently for the meeting; yet, mingled with thai feeling there was a vagne dread which be conld not understand and could not shake off. He stood oear the atatne of the water- nymph in its marble basin, looking towards the npper end of the walk, from which he expected her to appear. He had it to himself at present, though figures passed and repassed at each end of the long green vista, and the nsnal crowd was gathering round the Basins. "She eaid 'wheo the fountains play,'" he muttered, coiiealting hie watch. " It is after four o'clock now ; will they never begin !" Even ae be spoke, tbe waters were released and be beard once more the familiar musical sound— the rnahing, eplsehing, rippliog, falling all ronnd him. Still the walk was solitary. To rigbt or left there waa no approaching figure. A dream-like feeling stole over him as he stood thus, watching, every sense and faculty Btraiued in expectation. The present and the paBt seemed confused, and both wore an aspect of unreality. At length, at the upper end of tbe glade, a woman's figure appeared. He oould not distinguish tbe features, but be knew the shape, tbe walk, the dress. It was Georgette. HU first impulse wae to rash to meet her, bat he restrained himself thst he might sd joy the exquisite pleasure of seeing ber come to him. His heart swelled with joy so keen that it bordered upon pain, and tears rushed to his eyes. She came slowlv on down tbe walk, nearer and nearer, so that be oould distinguish every feature ; nearer ettii, till she paused opposite to him, with one hand resting on the marble basin. Still, he did not apeak ; he' did not stir. The look of rsptorona expectation had faded from his faoe. He stood ae if he were turned to stone. Waa this Georgette ? withthewan, white cheeks, the hollow eyes, that looked at him with such forlorn appeal ; the pale lips, that aeemsd to have' forgotten how to smile! There was' a moment of silence. ' She gazed at him aa if she ware- frying to read his heart through his eyes; -her face' expressed more -than he oonld understand. Waa It joy or pun, or a strange mingling of both, that yearning,- wistful lock! He could -not — tell. — Before— he - -recovered himself sufficiently to speak, - before he oould even pat oat his hand to detain her — to his astonish ment, she abruptly turned from him, and passed swiftly on down the walk. He hastened after her, calling to her to stop, beteheonly quickened her pace ; and before he could overtake her, she bad reached the terrace ronnd " Neptnue'e Basin," and was lost in the crowd. He harried to and fro, looking for her eagerly among the gronps who were loitering ronnd the Fountains or sitting nnder the trees. Nowhere wee ehe to be seen. He went over toe ssme ground half a dozen times, always returning to toe walk in hope of finding her there, till at length he paused in bewilderment and conster nation, and realised that he bad loat ber.. What did it mean ! why bad ahe fled from him ? Conld it be that she misinterpreted his manner when they met ! ; ' At the first moment he had. been too' hooked' add startled to speak; had aha imagined thst his love died a sadden death when he found her eo piteonsly changed ! The thought gave him a pang of self-reproach. He longed to fold her in his arms and tell ber that never before had ehe been eo dear to him. He panned his search with feverish anxiety, bnt ehe had melted into the erowd like a rain-drop into the sea, leaving no trace behind. As it grew dnsk, a fine penetrating rain began to fall, and the throng of visitors gradually dispersed, streaming ont at tbe gates, end along tbe broad, quiet Streets to the station. Etienne went with the rest. He felt a conviction, for which he conld hardly acoonnt, that he should find her in Paris, But where wae he to look for her ! That was the question he asked' himself as, after leaving toe St, Latere terminus, he stood hesitating in the Bne d' Amsterdam. Then it occurred to him that she might possibly be lodging in her old quarters in the Bne des Ecoles once more, or at any rate he might hear of her there. He hailed a fiacre and drove acroBS the water to a familiar street. The old concierge, with the holiand apron and tasseled cap of yore, was smoking a post-prandial pipe at the door of his lodge. "Good evening, M. Podevin," Etienne began ; "yon don't remember me, lsee ; bnt I was a lodger of yonrs two years ago." Tbe old man peered at liim through the dusk, and then nodded. " I reoollect you now; thongh I did not at first So many lodgers come and go, yon see, like the swallows, in ihe course of two years," he Bsid apologetically. "And it is but seldom, I suppose, thst they come back to the old nest !" " Well it happens sometimes," the other returned, knocking out tbe BBhes of hie pipe egsicet tbe door-poet. "For example, there A /l.iAwanrtA IVAAIIIA WAM — — K. — _ i. . X. b W MWtkW atoviuo JVU IfflUCUlUU tier i tbe little ouvri&re; on the sixth ; we used to oall her ' Ma'amoelle Boaeiogol ' " " YeB, yes, he assented eagerly ; "is ehe here now !" " She came back to her old rooms a few weeks ago. There wae some excuse for me not reoogoisiog her. She was so altered I thongh it was ber ghost." " Hsd Bhe been ill !" " That was what I asked her. 'No,' toe said. ' she had not been ill — she hsd only been starving.' " The young man ottered an exolamatioo that was like a cry of pain. " Good heavens 3 It cannot be " The other nodded at him grimly, as he pressed the tobacco dowo his pipe. "Yon wonld not have doubted it if you had seen her. She had be-n short of work for several weckB, she told me ; end be ehort of work meant to be short of food, yon see, It is a common case enongh, monsieur." Etienne was silent; there wae a choking sensation in bis throat, and a mist before his eyes. The old man watched him barionsly. " You were -good friends, yon and ahe, ih the old_ times. She will be glad to see yon again, painvre petite. She has been ill the last few days with a sort of low fever, aod has not been dowuBtsirs. "But she was at Versailles this after noon I" His oompanion stared at him. " Not likely. She was io bed this morning, and my wife eaid she eeemed worse." "She was at Versailles this afternoon, for I saw her I" Etienne persisted. \- M. Podevin pushed hie cap aside, and robbed his head with a puzzled look. "-That is'iidd. I have not stirred from this lodge, and I can swear I never saw ber pass. However, if she did go she has certainly returned by this time, for ahe wae never out after dusk, and if you would like to.see her — — " " Yes, I will go upstairs at onoe," 'Etienne interrupted; and he turned away. A host of tender recollections rushed upon him as he mounted the familiar stairs to Georgette's door. It waa half open, and he paused a moment on tho thnahold,- looking in. The room was in shadow except near the window, where the rays of -the -rising moon "made a dim silver twilight," and showed' him — Georgette, seated with her back -towards him at toe little work table. She still wore her hat and jacket, and was leaning with her forehead oo her folded handa, in en attitude of wesrinees and dejection. His heart beat painfully as he crossed the room to her- side,1 and laid his hand lightly on her ahonlder. She did not stir or speak. "Georgettel" he whispered, thengeotly raised her head, and drawing it back against his breaBt, bent and kissed her. Marble was not colder than tho lips which met his, A shudder ran throogb him from head to foot. His heart thrilled with a sadden awfal fesr. " Georgette !" he cried aloud. There waa no answer. " She has fainted," he gasped ; " She has — only — fainted. She will be better presently." He lifted the nerveless figure in his arms, and laid it on the bed ; then went to the atair-bead, and called loudly for assistance, Wheo the concierge, and those of tbe lodgers who hsd beard the summons, came harrying in, he was on his knees at tbe bed side, chafing one of the little cold hands, and trying to warm it io his breast. "Bring tbe light here," he eaid, abruptly, to M. Podevin, who carried a small band- lamp. The latter complied, holding it so that the light fell fall apon the figure on the bed. The face was waxen white, and awfully still ; the eyes were closed, the lips parted io a smile of ooesrthly serenity. "Oh, God — my darling !" The cry broke hoarsely from his white lips, as he sank on bia koees at the bedside. "Georgette, my love, my little dove I Have I found yon only to lose yon for ever ! Speak to me — look at me Bat the " shy bine eyes" wonld never meet bis again, tbs sweet lips were aesled for ever. -All was ended now, the hope, and the fear, and theeorrovr; All the aching or heart, the restless, unsatisfied longing." For her all waa ended, bat for him there were the desolate yeara to oome : tbe ione- lioeas, the weariness, the aching sense ef loss which would never pass swsy. Ten minutes later a doctor had been summoned, and the little room was fall of horror-strnck and compassionate faces. "Syncope— ioanition ; defective action of the heart — bnmpb !" mattered the surgeon, as he raised himself after a brief examination. " When did this happen ! " Who saw her last !" " I saw her this afternoon, monsieur," a -woman's voiae replied, and the speaker came forward. "I lodge |in the next room, and when - 1 passed her door about two .o'clock ahe wan getting ready to go not. I was. surprised, as she seemed sd Ul, but she told- me she bad -promised to meet a friend . at Versailles. However, ahe did not go, for when I returned she was sitting at the table there, as if she bad fallen asleep." " It was the Bleep that knows no waking,? . spoke the doctor gravely. Etienne, who had not yet moved or spoken, rose slowly to - bis feet. " What time — WSB that!" he asked; in a voloe not his own.. -"-Three o'olook, -monsieur; as near aa loan goeas." The young man's figure swayed aa if ha were failing. He put his hand to his eyea. Awe 'and- -wonder too deep for words over powered. him. The . aogel of death bad ' summoned Georgette - before the hour, appointed' for their meeting. Who was it, then— what was it, he -had -seen at the try sting- place ! We are told that " love is stronger than death." Is it irreverent to believe that its magnetio power might be -permitted for a moment to draw back a spirit from the shadowy borders of toe Silent Land. The programme of one of the concerts of a musical festival at Norwich -contained the foilowiog list of vnorceauz; with the execut ants: — "Comfort ye Mr. Hobba, But who may abide Mr. Belfe, Behold a virgin Mr. Young, 'Behold darkness sbali cover ,Mr. .Phillips, Kej Dice greatly Miss Birch, He shall feed Mtea Hawes, Come onto me 'Mdnis. StOdm&MOa;" -J 