SWALLOWING AN OYSTERh ALIVE. v [nY A .lissot5IAN5.] At a late hour the other night the door P' of an oyster house in our city was thrust ot iUon, and in stalked an hero from the o0 Sucker State. iHe was quite six feet high, I: spare, soinowliat stooped, with a hungry 1,i al.xiolus countenance, and Ihis hands :t pslihed clear down to the bottomnof his breeches pockets ; his outer covering was ei hard to define, but after surveying it .A minutely we camn to the conclusion that Al his suit had been made in his boyhood, o of a dingy yellow linsey wolsey, a:nd that bo having sprouted up with astonishing ra pidity, he had been forced to piece it out thu with all colours in order to keepl pace fi with his body. In spite of his exertions, however, hle had fallen into arrears about oi a foot of the necessary length, and con- in sequently stock far through his ioex- co pressibles. Ilis crop of hair was sur- tit mounted by the funniest little sealskin HI cap inmaginable. After taking a position s ha indulged in a long stare at tlhe man do opening the bivalves, and slowly ejacu- on lated-" isters I" it " Yes, sir," responded the attentive it. speaker, " and line ones they are, too." cli "Well, I've heard of istors afore," ci said lie, " but this is the fust time I've to seen 'im, and perhaps I'll know what thar or made of afore I git t o of town." ar H]aving expressed his desperate inten- tli tion, lie applroached the elate and scruti- tli nised the uncased slhell-lish with a gravity it; and interest which would have done honour to the most illustrious searcher tr into thia hidden mysteries of nature. At t1 length lihe began to soliloquise on the i difliculty of getting themrsi out, and how t! queer they looked when out." ' " I never seed anythin' hold oil so- i takes an amazin' site of screwiin' los toi got 'em out, and aint they slick and ti oliip'ry when they does come ! I've a I good mind to give that feller lodgin', jis cl to realise the effects, as uncle Jess used to n say ahort speculation." "Well, Sir," was the reply, " down ai with two bits, and you can have a g dozen." ci " I'wo bits," exclained the Sucker. si " Now, come, that's sticking it ons rite Is strong, hoes, for isters. A dozen on 'el o Hint nothin' to a chicken, and there's no o gettin' mnore'n a picayunne a-piece for o them. I've only realised forty-five a picayulnne's on?nmy first ventur' to St. fu Louis. I'll tollj'you what, I'll gin you two clhickens for a deozen, if you'll con- c clude to deal." i A wag, who was standing by, indulging i in a dozei, winked to the attendant to a sell out, and the offer was accepted. t. " Now mind," repealted the speaker. , "all fair-two chickens for a dozen- yuir're a witness, mister," turning at the ti o same tiime to thie wag; Linone of your ii tricks, for I've heard that you city fellows ii are mighty slippery coons." 'The bargain being fairly understood, a our Sucker squared himself for the out- p oet, deliberately put off his seal skin, a Stucked up his sleeves, and, fork in hand, t awaited tile appearance of No. 1. It came f \--he saw--anst quickly it was bolted ! A 1 molllltet's dreadful pause ensued. The wagr dropped his knife and fork with a I look of mingled amlllllement and horror-- t , something akin to Shakespeare's llamlet -on seeing his daiduly's ghost-while lihe I burst into exclamation- C " Swallowed alive, as I'm a Chris- ti 1 tian !" C Our Sutcker hero had openo:l his C nmouth with pleasure a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear-a horrid u dread of hei didn't know what - a I consciousness that all was not right, and ignorant of the extent of tihe wrong-the Iruncertainty of the moment was terrible. Urged to desperation, ihe faltered out " What on earth's the row T' " Did you swallow it alive 1" inquiredl I tihe wasg. " I swallowed it jistashio ginit to me!" p shouted the Sucker. t "'You're a dead man !" exclaimed his Ii n friend, " the creature is alive, and will f \- eat right through you," added lie in a t most helpless tone. S " (Get a fpison pump and pump it out !" srrrseamed the Sucker, in freizy, his eyes fairly starting front) their sockets. " O, gracious !--what'll I do 1-it's got hold of t i my innards already, and I'm as dead as a u . chicken ! do something for me, do-- don't t let the infernal sea toad cat me up before s your eyes." " Why don't you put some of this on d it 1" inquired the vag, pointing to a bottle of strong pepper sauce. is The hint was enough-the Sucker, upon n- the instant, seized the bttle, and despera n tely wrenching out the cork, swallowed half the courntents at a draught. lie fairly squealed from its eseets, and gasped and blowed, and pitched, and twisted, as if it w- ,ere coursing through hlim with electric \- tIeet, while at the sanme time his eyes ran t a stream of tears. At length, becominga I little composed, his waggish adviser ap a proached, almost bursting with suppressed y laughter, andlinquired I " llow are you, old follow, did you kill t it I" " Well, I did, hoss'--ugh, ugh o-o-o my it inwards. If that ister critter's dyin' is agonies didn't stir a 'ruption in me equal it to i smiall earthqulake, then 'tain no use :s ayin' it-it squirmsed like a serpent,swhen ii that killin' stuff touched it ; hu' !" And if here with a countenance made up of sup t. pressed agony and present deternlination, ir he paused to give force to Iris words, and so hlowly and deliberately remarkeod, " If ii you git two chickens froenm e for that live at animal, I'm blowed !" and seizing his seal r- skin he vanished. h- The shouts of laughter and the centor nl tions of tile company at this finale would d. have made a spectator believe that they ts had all been swallowing oysters alive. 