ITEMS OF NEWS. The Commissioner of Public Works has called for tenders for a new post and telegraph office at Chowton. Drawings and specifications are to be seen ill the Warden's office, Castlemaiue. A miucr named Jenkins received severe in- juries whilst working at the Anglo-Australian mine, on Friday, through a quantity of quartz falling on him. Two drunkards were brought up at the police court on Saturday, and after avowing their con trition they were discharged with the admonition not to fall into the same condition again. It is notified in the Gazette that John Wicking, John Sutherland, Patrick Cahill and Stephen Dorman are appointed trustees of tho cemetery at Taradale, in the room of T. Orwin deceased, and W. Garden, IH. Archdall, and W. Collins, who have left the district. The polling for 0ne member to fill the vacant seat in the east riding of Newsteadsliire, occa sioned by tho retirement of Mr Waterwortli, took place on Saturday, when Mr Geo. Godfree, of Yapeen, was returned by a large majority) he having polled 77 votes against 38 by Mr Hut chinson. ' Tho exhibition building at Sandhurst, is nearly finished, and preliminary preparations have been madiTfor having a -good supply of ' exhibits. When opened; it will be sure' to draw a great many visitors to. the town, who .will, 110 doubt, find that ample provision has been mado for their accommodation. Tho heat of; summer again returned yester day, but. tlio temperature soon fell after sun down. ' There was, however, an abuudanco of a. cold breeze from tho south, such as prevailed a fow days previous. Tho sky waS cloudless, de noting dry weather rather' than that of rain, which is so much desired. D'Arcy Read's gliosis gave their farewell per formance on ; Saturday. In tho afternoon tho school children were pleased, yet bewildered, at the frolics of the ghost. In tlio evening the hall was crowded to excess, and the performance was the best given or seen for many a long day past. Miss Oripps presided at tho .piano during the evening. ' The-complaiut . of the - residents of Barker's Creek. about, the stoppage of the flow of water from, the Harcourt reservoir has at longth been heard. -The fluid which lias been carefully hus banded for 110 practical purpose, for it produces rio revenue;:. ivas allowed to run down the creek on Saturday , and to wet tho gravel on the bed, . .'which diss been' dry during the long dry months of summer. Why this boon was not granted be fore is one of those mysteries that can only be solved, by tli'e wisdom of tho Water Supply De partment, which preserved a store of water of no'.iiso where it was unless for fisli and sailing boats which appeared, to be considered of para mount interest as compared .with tlio necessities of human beings. . ' I ; The Castleinaino Cricket Club played their return ' match with Maryborough on Saturday afternoon, scoring a second win, this timo de feating the .Maryborough players, on their own ground. A strong team left Castlomaine, with ICinloeh as loader, and soon aftoLQamying.ih Maryborough' a toss up took place, and the visitors were sent in to bat. Arthur Laver and yick -first handled the bat, and commenced playing carefully, but soon after began to opoii their alio ulders , and iiso ' thoir wris ts, .driving liard and cutting beautifully, quickly .running up the score to 44, when Tick's wickot fell for 15. .Arthur. Lavor ..continued : playirig:)vell,' and ran up tho very respectable' score of 40. A- . Muir- head (played, a lino innings .for 33. (.These; were tliei-oiily ones, who'1 gotiiitb double 'figures; and- when tlio last : wicket . fell, a to tal of .121 liad been 'reached. Maryborough' tlieii took tlio bat, and' Harrisaiul Alacnamara commenced .well, but 'numcVpus.'cliaifcos of catching. and running out wef'e niissed ljy the Castlemaiue men, whose fielding and, throwing in, with one or two excep tions wore simply execrable. Tho first wickot fell for 14. However it was evident that they wero not going to top tho visiting teams scoro, which they did not come up to within 29 runs, Lacey (not out) 21, Letch 18, and Harris 10 being tho only double figure scorers. Their total reached 92. Tho game was concluded oil the first innings being played out, the Oastle- maine men just having time to catch the train to return home. . Probate lias been granted to tho will of the late Mr Joliu Thomas Smith. Tho value of the real and personal estate of the. .deceased was sworn at under £42,900. Free railway passes for tho Governor's loveb on the 13th instant will bo issuod to all mayors of boroughs and presidents of shiro councils throughout tho country on application. During tho weok ending March 1, IG2 births and 100 deaths woro registered in Melbourne and tho suburbs. Of tho deaths 51 per cent, wore of children under three years of ago, 37 per cent, being under 0110 year. One of tho most important items of intelli gence contained iu our European telegrams of Saturday, is the acquisition of tho island of Rhodes by the French. Rhodes is off tho S. \V. coast of Asiatic Turkey, in tho Mediterranean, and has boon termed " The Pearl of the Lovant." It contains a population estimated at 30,000, of whom about two-thirds aro Greeks and only one- fourth Turks. Tlio soil is very fertile, and tlio climate excellent. Its distance from Cyprus is nearly 300 miles, and it is nearer to tlio Darda nelles. On Friday afternoon, says tho Telegraph, a sad accident occurred in Swnustou-strect, whereby a brewer's drayman named James Quinlalian, aged twenty-four years, lost his life. Tho un fortunate man was driving 0110 of (Messrs Boyd and Heard's drays, when tho horso stumbled, throwing Quinlalian out, who alighted upon his head. Tlio sufferer was convoyed to the hospital with all possiblo speed, where it was ascertained that ho had sustained internal injuries, caused by a wheel of his dray .passing over his chest. : The sufferer lingered for a few hours and ox- pired. I An interesting statistical review of tho battloB fought by the Army of Austria between the years 1-195 and 1878 lias boon published by tho Military History Division of tho department of tho Austrian Army. From this record it ap pears that the aggregato losses in killed and wounded suffered by the Imperial forces in all the wars in which they havo been ongagod dur ing the last 375 years amounted to 1,085,931 of all ranks. During the same period also 50 Austrian generals, 4174 other officers, and 289,041 non-commissioned officers and 111011 wero taken prisoners by the enemy, while 1805 field pieces, 712 colours, carried by infantry, 257 cavalry standards, 129,227 horses, and 391.0 waggons woro lost. On the other hand -llOl guns, 1704 infantry colours, 279 cavalry stan dards, besides horses and waggons woro cap tured from tlio enemy during the 375 years. A great deal has been said latoly about the prosperity existing in New South Wales. Dur ing the debate 011 Ways and Means 011 tho 4th 111st. , Air M'Elhone, in his place in the Now South Wales Parliament, accurding to the Eve ning News, drew the following dismal picture of the stato of affairs in the sister colony : — " Ho believed the country was almost as bad as it could be. Our surplus had arisen solely from the sale of the public estate. Tho banks would not now advanco money on station property, be cause tho surplus was locked up in tho purohaso of land, and lent by tho banks for that purpose. All other kinds of proporty was depreciating. The Sydney merchants would say that business was never worse ; and people woro looking for employment in hundreds. Wo wore parting with the public estate, but not putting popula tion 011 the soil, lie advised a careful revision of the taxation of tho country, in order that tho Government might be prepared to meet their difficulties when they came." A11 inquiry was held by Air Hall, J.P. , at the Acheron River, 011 the body of the late Air Dun can AI'Coll, a highly respected fanner, and resi dent of the district for a number of years, who was killed in a shaft a day or two ago. From the evidence it appeared that deceased was at tho bottom of the shaft, which was over 100ft. deep, with his brother Feter AI'Coll, two men being 011 the surface working a whim. One of those latter took hold of the bucket, a heavy wooden one, intending to lower it down the shaft; but forgot, while doing so, to fasten the end of tho rope to tile horse which was turning tho whim. The consequence was that the bucket fell down the shaft, and striking deceased 011 tho head, killed him instantaneously. Air AI'Coll was well known and respected throughout the whole of tlio Alexandra district, and great sym pathy is felt for his widow and large family: Tho result of the magisterial inquiry was that tlio deceased, Duncan AI'Coll, came by his deatli through tho gross negligence of Edward Crans ton, I10 having let the bucket fall down the shaft through not fastening it to tlio harness of tho whim norse. The records of the London Post-office for last year are as curious as ever. More than 1000 million letters, a hundred million post-cardsj and 300 million newspapers, Ac. , were delivered by tho. Briareus of St. Martin's-le-Grand. Nearly 30,000 letters were posted without ail address (showing that there aro 2000 moro fools in England than in 187G-7, by the bye), and of these no less than 700 contained money amount ing in tho aggregato to nearly L10,000. Sixty thousand postage stamps came oft' the outside of tho various despatches through insecure fasi toiling ; while from the insido escaped dormice; goldfinches, and lizards, and — all alive oh ! — d snake " about a yard long" was observed 011 the floor of one of tho night mail sorting carriages 011 the railway, which " caused a good deal' of confusion and interruption ;" and eight live snakes were found in the Returning' Letter Office, which showed that one of tho two cor responding parties at least had got his wits about him. In one newspaper — I need not Bay in an Irish post-ofiico — wero found two sovereigns without tho faintest clue as to the sender, and one gentleman had pushed two lcttors behind the plato in the pillar box which indicates tlio hours of delivery in preference to putting them in the orifice appointed for that purpose. It would luivo been impossible for the Alans- fiold outlaws to have taken possession of Euroa and Jcrildoric (says the Spectator) had these townships been situated in any of tho Western States of America. A well-known story relates how a travoller entered a villiago iiot far froni tho Alississippi llivor, and found overy maid adult engaged in a " free fight." Instinctively the new arrival dismounted and joined in the affray, and in tho. 'course' of a fow minutes was wounded in; several places. Addressing one of tlio cpmbataiitsy lie .'inquired the name of the settlement, and,' in reply to: his informant, re- marked, '' ' Wall, stranger, I calculate this is the smartest ;little place in creation. I have not been here a quarter of an hour, and I've lost ail eye, an ear, and a fingor. " Tho tale is scarcely an exaggeration; of tho fact that in regions were tho administration of justico is weak, and cvory man is a law unto liiinsolf, the inhabitants rely upon tliemsolves for protection, and the universal pos session of fire-arms, and other offensivo weapons,' too often leads to fatal brawls. Had the Kellys 'attempted in' a backwoods township the exploits which they performed hero' with impunity, six- shooters and repeating rifles would havo ap peared; 011 all sides, and cut short the career of the bushrangers. In the oarly days of the gold- fields here, when society was composed of dis united atoms,' and almost everyone was armed, and one would have openly attempted to plunder . tho diggefs ; but as. the community has become organised,. the course of justice unimpeded, and the' wbrst criminals have either died or beeii lodged, in tho penitentiary, tho practice lias . ceased with jthienocessity of keeping guns unci pistols! ";Honce tho four desparadocs who havo murdered the police and robbed tlio banks havo taken the population by surp'riso. The studiod rudeness and disrespoct which Sir George, Gray exhibited towards the Alarquis of Normanby.oh tlio occasion of his departuro from Now Zealand aroused great indignation through- guittho .colony, which found strong expression iu both the Ministerial and Opposition press, tlio Premior's bad taste being condemned almost uni versally. The Christchurch Press of the 20th ult, remarks : — "The Alarquis of Normanby gayo no occasion for the hostile attitude assumed towards him by Sir Georgo Grey. He endea voured to do his duty to all classes of tho 'Queen's 'subjects in the colony, and he succeeded in doing so. Thero is, therefore, throughout New Zealand a desire manifested to testify to Lord Normanby that respect which loyal colo nists will always show to the representative of tho Queen. From 0110 end of the colony to tho other a desiro lias been shown to bid adieu in a fitting manner to a Governor who has succeeded during his term of office in earning tho dutiful regard of tlio whole population. And if thero was one man in tho whole colony who ought at such a timo to havo represented the real feeling of the peoplo of New Zealand it was the Pre mier. Sir Georgo Grey has chosen to do pre cisely tlio reverse. He has allowod his public enmity to override his courtesy. That which any gentleman would do to another when pass ing away for ever from the scene of conflict, ho has clioson not to do. Putting aside all considera tion of public policy, a proper respect to tlio Governor 011 his departuro is only what would bo expected from any right-minded colonist. And wo vonturo to say that the Promior, in this last specimen of liis behaviour, has given 0110 moro decided proof of his unfitness to hold tho position of first Alinistor of tlio colony of New Zealand. It must at any l'ato bo satisfactory to tho Marquis of Normanby to know that in tliiii studied discourtesy Sir Georgo Grey must stand quito alone, and that no such disrespect woukb be shown by anyone olso in tho country.' Even the Otago Daily Times, a thorough Groyito journal, considered tho Government had mado "a mistakoin treating His Excellency with such stndiod discourtesy, and that their action had resulted in calling down blessings on tho head of the man they wished to Blight and puuish." An old man, namod Peter Ferguson, was acci dentally killed by a fall of earth at Raywood on Friday. , On Friday morning some men who were out in a boat in tlio bay, near the Sandndgo town pier, noticed tho dead body of a man floating m the water. They at once communicated with the police at Sandridgo, when tho remains were recovered and coiivered to tho Alorgue, uhcio tlicy await identification. The deceased is des cribed as being a man about 48 years of age, oft. 8in. high, of stout build, with black hair, whis kers, and mousuicho (chili shaven) ; dressed 111 a drab jumper and trousers, striped cotton shirt, rod Annuo drawers, dark woollen knitted vest, Wellington boots, and woollen socks. In tho pockets wore found a white-handled razor, a pocket-knife, and comb, Tho body had pro bably been about l.l> days in tho water. " The residents of Wallscud," tlio Nowcasllo Pilot of the 3rd lust, reports, " were again startled on Saturday afternoon by a report that thero had been an explosion of gas at tlio Wall- send pit, and that three men, including the man ager, had been severely injured. It was ascer tained that tlio men who had been burnod woro tho manager (Mr J. Y. Neilson), Henry ltushton, and Thomas Lundy. 'i'lio two former went down tho tunnel together late in the foronoon, and after visiting that part of tho workings wlio.ro tho search parties wore at work, they went iu com pany with Lundy and D. Hughe to look at the fall in tho pit known as ' back of the pump.' A considerable fall uf stone had taken place at this spot, and Air Neilson, wishing to inspect it pro ceeded to walk or climb over the debris, closely followed by Lundy and Rushton. When 011 the top of the heap caused by the fall, tho explosion toolc place, and the lamps of tho party wero ex tinguished. Assistance was at once forthcoming and it was soon ascertained that Lundy and Rushton wore severely burned. Air Neilson being considerably in advance of the others alid being in darkness when assistance arrived, it was feared that lie had been killed. It was found, however, that he had only suffered burns 011 tlio hands, his clothing having, doubtless, served as a protection from the fire. Rushton and Lundy were burned about the back, head, faco, and arms. It appears 1111 explosion took place in the samo part of tlio pit several years ago, but owing to that part having been well ventilated, little or none of the dangerous gas lias been mot with for a long timo. Its accumulation in this particular instance had been occasioned by tho fall, which had left a great vault overhead in which tlio gas, owing to its small density, would naturally collect. Tho results of the explosion were happily far from being as grave as the sensational statements at tho first current led many to believe, viz., that 1 tlio Wallsend Pit was on ike." What appears to bo an extraordinary miscar- riago of justico occurred at tho criminal sittings of tho Suprome Court in Hobart Town on tlio 4th inst. in connexion with the cliargo against Thomas Chalk, a labourer at Port Esporanco,\vho was accused of the wilful murder of an old man named James Sparks, at that place, on' the 25th December last. The Alercury states that the evidence showed most clearly that after a quarrel between tho men , or an attack by Chalk upon Sparks— as Chalk was seen holding tho old man on tho ground, and striking him violently 011 the head — Sparks went 011 his way alone. After a fow minutes Chalk was again seen to follow his victim down the road ; and in the morning tho aged man's corpse was found by the side of tho thoroughfare, tho faco battered in and fearfully mangled, and with' marks upon tlio windpipe, which showed that death had ultimately been the result of strangulation. Some of Chalk's red hair was found clenched iu tho dead mail's hand and others were found strewed 011 tho opon vest and breast of the crops, while a huge stake, with which tlio blows had, from the evidence, clearly been struck, was covered with grey hair. So clear was the circumstantial evidence, that the counsel for tho defence, Air A. I. Clark, admitted 011 tho prisoner's behalf (as the prisoner had indeed himself admitted to a constable when he was arrested), that he was the perpetrator of the injuries and the cause of tho violent death, but urged that it was a drunken quarrel, and that tlio ofl'onee simply amounted to manslaughter and not to the graver offence. His Honour, in summing up, directed the jury that tho person who caused tho death, whoever I10 might be, was guilty of wilful murder, and not of manslaughter, for 110 provocation such as would reduce the charge to the latter could warrant such injuries as had' been inflicted. The onlj' thing Sir Fran cis Smith considered they had to debate was, whether the indirect evidence was sufficient to point to tho prisoner as the man who committed tho offence. Though this had been admitted by his counsel, the jury, after half an hour's con sideration, returned to court with a verdict of not guilty, and there being no other charge against tho prisoner I10 was released. 