[?] THE (^YE£jM&& ; BY MIS3 BBADDON; .\ ,' Axtthob. of'Iaj-y Ad-i-Bx's Sbcbbt,' fcc., &c.; ; I Published by special arrangement wiUi the Author. All rights reserved.] , Chaptkh XVL— tShabi. it be '$esx-r X o ? 'Iiris looks as If he were serious, doesn't It?' asked La Chicot. The question was addressed to Mr. Das Solles. The two were standing side by side \- in the wintry dusk, in front of one of the -windows that looked into ; Gibber-street, 'Contemplating the contents of a Jewel case, which La Chicot held open. Embedded in the 'white velvet lining there lay a collet necklace of diamonds, each stone as big as a, prize pea; such a necklace as Dasrolles could not remember to have seen even in the jeweller's windows before which he had sometimes paused, out of sheer idleness, to contemplate such finery. ** Serious !' he echoed, 'I told you from the first that Joseph Lemuel was a prince/' -f You don't suppose I am going to kee i it?' said La Chicot 'I don't suppose you, or any other w«man, would send it back, if it were a free gift.' answered Besrolles. . u It is not a free gift. It is to he mine if I consent to run away from my husband and live in Paris — as Mr. Lemuel's mistress. I am to have a villa at Pasay, and fifteen hundred a year.' ''Princely!' exclaimed Dasrolles. ** And I am to leave Jack free to live his «wb life. Don't vou think he would be siadr ,.'.?????* There was something almost tigerish in the look that emphasised this question. 'X think that it would not matter one Jot to you whether he was glad or sorry. He would make a row, I suppose, but you would be safe on the other side of the Channel-' ** He would get a divorce,' said La Chicot. ? Your English lawbreaks a marriage as easily -as it makes one. And then he would marry that otheT woman.' ?*'? What other woman ?' (tl don't know— but there is another. He owned as much the last time we quar relied.' ^A divorce would make you, a great lady. Joseph Lemuel would -marry you. The man is your slave ; you could twist him round jova little finger. And then, ; instead of your little box at Passy, you mignt have a mansion in the Champs \- Elysees, among ' the ambassadors. You anight go to the races in a four-in-hand. You miirht be the most fashionable woman in Paris.' 'Arid I began life washing dirty linen in the river at Auray, among a lot of terma \- gants who hated me because I was young and handsome. 1 hadnot much pleasure in inose days, my friend.' . fi Your Parisian life would be a change. You must be very tired of London.' ? v « Tired ! ^Sut I detbst: it heartily—? yon* city of Harrow streets and 'disdial , ^Sundays.' ..--'..' '.'?':'? *fAnd you must have had enough i ^dancing.'* : , . -j At I begin to be tired of it. ~ Since my acc- jJent 1 have not the old spirit.' She had the jewel case in her hand stHl, «nd was turning it about, admiring the. brightness of the stones which sparkled in the dim lightr Presently she went back to ner low chair by the fire, and let the case lie open in ier lap, with the fire-glow \- «hining on the gems, and until the pure white stones took all the colors of the rain 3*kW. 'I can fancy myself in a box at the 4-pera, in a tight-fitting ruby velvet dress, with no ornaments but this necklace and single diamonds in 'my ears,' mused La :.- -JhIcot. *f I-do not think there are many , \- -women in Paris who would surpass ine.' i ' *f Not one.' : «And I shonld look on While other -women danced for my amusement,' she pursued. 'After all the life of 'a stage dancer is a poor thing at best. There are only so many rungs of the ladder between me and a dancing girl at a fate lain get ting tired of it? «You will foe a good deal1 more tired ?when you are a few yeais older,' said Besrolles. 'At six and twenty one need not think of age.* * Jffo ; but at six and thirty age will think of you.' '?''- « I have asked for a week to consider his offer;' said La Ohicot. «This day week I «m to give him an answer, yes or no. If I Iceep the diamonds it wiil'meanyes. If I send them back it will mean no.w_._ , ** I can't imagine any woman flaying no to such a necklace as that,' said Desrolles. 'What is it worth after all? Fifteen years ago a string of glass beads bought w the . market at Auray would have made 3ne happier than those diamonds can make me now.' . . «B you are going to moralise I can't follow you. I should say at a rough . guess those diamonds must be worth three1 thou sand pounds.'* u They aie to be taken or left,' said La Chieot in French, with her careless shrug. fi Where do you mean to keep 'them ?' enquired Deerolies, 'If your husband were to see them there would be a row. You must not leave them in his way. ' Pas si btie? replied : La Ohicot. ' See She flung back the loose collar of her , Cathmsre morning gown, ?and clasped the necklace round her white throat. Then ehe drew the collar together again, and the diamonds were hid 3en. : 'I skill wearthe necklace night and day till I make up my mind whether to keep ft or not,' she; ' Ja^cU-f f* Where I go the diamonds will gcwnqbody will see them — noboby will rob me of them while I am alive. What is the matter,' she I asked suddenly, stattled by a passing distortion of DewolW f ace. ?????—?- ' : **t?dthiBg. Only a spasm.' f ?'.I thought you were going to have a fit. -:_.«?;-.' . = . .' ; ,. , ,; 'Ididfeelriq[ueerfor the moment. My t old complaint.' .:??'? .?. i: ?-? '&h;, I thought as much. Have some r brandy.' : ; : ' Thouffh La €hlcot.md©Iiffht of Mr. V , : Xemuel's offering in her talk with Desrolles, t^drWfisnot the less impressed by it. After u jshehad come from the theatre that night she sat on the floor in her dingy bedroom ?with a looking-glass in her hand, gloating over her reflection with that string of jewels round her neck, turning her swan like throat every wayrto catch 'the xay sj of the candle, thinking how glorious she would look with those shining stars upon her alabaster neck, thinking what a new and delightful life Joseph Lemuel's wealth, could give her— ra -Kf e of riot and dissijpa^ tion, fine clothes, epicurean dinners, later hours, and perfect idleness. She 1 even thought of all the famous restaurants in Paris where she would like to dine ; fairy palaces on the Boulevard, all, lights, and gilding, and red velvety which fine ;knew only from the outside j houses where vice was more at home than virtue, and where a single cutlet in its paper frill cost more than a poor man's. family dinner. She looked round the shabby room, with . ita blackened ceiling and discolored paper on which the damp had made ugly blotches ; the taudry curtains, the rickety deal ?dressing-table, disguised in dirty muslin and Nottingham lace, and the threadbare carpet. How miserable it all was. She and her husband had once gone with the crowd to see the house of a Parisian courtesan who had died in the zenith of her daycr. SUe remembered with what almost reverential feeling the mob had gazed at the delicate satin draperies of boudoir, and *afo% the Sevres china, the tapestries, the antique lace, the tiny cabinet pictures which shone like jewels on the satin walls. Vice so exalted was almost virtue. .--.... In the dining-room, paramount over all other objects, was enshrined the portrait of the departed goddess, a medallion in a frame of velvet and gold. La Chicot well remembered wondering to see so little beauty in that celebrated face— a small oval face, grey eyes, a nondescript noW, a wide mouth. Intelligence and a winning smile were its only charms. Cosmetiques and Worth had done all the rest. But then the dead and gone courtesan had been one of the cleverest women in France. La Chicot made no allowance for that. _ 'I am ten times handsomer,' she told herself, 'and yet L shall never keep iny own carriage.' .?'.;.: She had of ten brooded over the difference between her fate and that of the woman whose house, and horses,- and carriages j and lap dogs, and jewels she had seen, the sale of which had made a nine days' wonder in Paris. She thought of that dead woman to-night as she sat with the mirror in her hand admiring: the diamonds and her beauty, while Jack Chicot was doing his best to forget her in his Bohemian Club near the Strand. She remembered all the stories she had heard of that extinguished luminary — her arrogance, her extravagance, the ab ject slavery of her adorers, her triumphal progress through Hfe, scornf uiand admired. It was not the virtuons who -despised her, but she who despised the virtuous. Honest women were the chosen mark for her ridi cule. People in Paris &new; ati the details of her brazen,, infamous life. : Very few knew the history of her death-bed \ but the priest who shrived her and the nursing sister -who watched her last hours could have told a story to make even frivolity's hair stand on end. , , ': ,. . . . ? ? *?' It -was a .' short life, but a merry one,' thought La Chicplt. :: '^How well I remem^ ber her the winter the lake in the Bois was ?frozen, and there was skating : by torch light.. She used to drive a sledge all over sUver bells, and' she used to skate dressed in dark-red velvet and sable. The crowd stood on one side and let her pass, as if she had been an empress.' : ;. Then her thoughts took another turn. ; ' If I left him he would divorce me and ' marry that other woman,' she said to her self. tl Who is she, I wonder ? Where did he see her ? Not at the theatre. ? fie cares for no one there. I have watched him too closely to be deceived in that.' Then she half filled a tumbler with brandy and flavored it with water, in order to delude herself with the idea that she was drinking brandy and water ; and then, J lapsing into a state of semi-intoxication— -a dreamy, half-consciousness, in which life, seen hazily, took a brighter hue: — she flung aside her mirror, and threw herself half dressed upon the bed. ' Jack Chicot, who had taken to coming home long after midnight, slept on a sofa in the little third room, where he worked. There was net much chance of Ms seeing the diamonds. He and his wife were as nearly parted as two people could be livibg in the same house. : . ; La Chicot contemplated the diamonds, and abandoned herself to much the same train of thought for several nights, and now came the last night of the week which Mr. Lemuel had allowed for reflection. : To morrow.slie was to give kimhis answer. He was waiting for her at the stage door when she came out. Desrolles, her usual escort, was not in attendance. s ft Zaire, I have been thinking of you every hour since last we spoke together,' Joseph Lemuel began, delighted at finding her alone. '*' You are as difficult to approach as a princess of the blood royaL' v , ? , ' Why should I hold myself cheaper than a princess,' she asked insolently. 'I am an honest woman.' ; *' You. are handsomer than any princess in Europe/' he said. ' But you ought to com passionate an adorer who has waited so long and so patiently. When am I to have your answer? Is it to' be *Yes?' You would not be so cruel as to say *No.' My lawyer has drawn up the deed of settlement. I only wait your word to execute it.' ' You. are very generous,' stid La Chicot, scornfully, ^ or. very obstinate. If I run away with you, and myhuibaiid gets a di vorce, will you marry me ?' 'Be faithful tome, and I will refuse you nothing.' He went wittlier to the door of her lodgings for the Jfirst time, pleading his cause all the way with such eloquence as he could command, which was not much.' He was a man who had found money all power ful to obtain every thing he wanted, and had seldom felt the need of words. . 'Send me a messenger you can trust at twelve o'clock to-morrow, and if I do not send back your diamonds-r—' ; ' I ehallknow thatyonf answer is « Yes.' In that ; case you will find my brougham waiting at a quarter-past seven o'clock to morrow evening at tile ' corner of this street, and I ehall be in the brougham. We will drive straight to Charing Cross, and start for Paris iy the mail. It will be too dark for 'any one to notice the carriage. What time do you generally goto fhe theatre?'^ . ? r . I ? . 'Atlialf-pasfcfieTen.'V ?. 'Then you -will not be missed, till you are well out of the way. There will be no fuss, no scandal.' ' There will be a tremendous fuss at the iu;e&&e;,n4aid IiaH3hicbt; ?« Who Is to tale my place in -the burlesque ?' y Any one. - WKat need you care ? itou will havedone with the burlesques and the etage for ever/' , - ??« True/' said La Chicot. And then she remembered the students' theatre in Pafris, and how her oopulaifity had waned there. The same thing might happen here in London, perhaps, after a year or two. Her audience would grow tired of, her. . Already people in the theatre had * begun to make disagreeable remarks about the empty champagne bottles that came out of. her dressing room. By-and-by, perhaps, they would be impudept enough to call her a drunkard. She would be glad to have done with them. Yet, degraded as she was, there were . depths of vice from which her better in stincts plucked her back, as if it was her good angel clutching her garments to drag her from the edge of an abyss. She had once loved her husband, nay after her owa manner, she loved him still, and could not .calmly contemplate leaving him. Her brain, muddled by champagne and brandy, shaped all thoughts confusedly ; yet at her ; worst the idea of selling herself, to the Jewish profligate shocked and disgusted her. Her soul was swayed to and fro to this side and to that. She had no inclina tion to vice, . but she would have liked the wages pi sin ; for in this lower world the wages of sin meant a villa at Passy, and a couple of carriages. ; 'Oood night/' she said abruptly to her lover. ' I must not be seen talking to you. My husband may come home at any miimte.' '? . ) ' I hear that he generally comes home in the middle of the night,' said Mr. Lemuel. 'What business is it of yours if he does .?' asked La Chicot, angrily. , 'Everything that concerns you is my business. When I, who love the ground you walk upon, hear how you are neglected by your husband, do you suppose the know- ledge does not make me more determined to ?win you ?w 'Send your messenger for my answer to-morrow,' said La Chicot, and- then she Bhut the door in his face. : ?, . , - ' I hate him,' she muttered when she was alone in the passage, stamping her foot as if she had trodden upon a venomous ; insect. ; ' ? . . ? . ; ....,-....-.? She went upstairs, and again sat down half undressed upon the floor to look at the diamond necklace. She had a childish love of the gems— a delight in: looking at them —which differed very little ; from her feel ings when she was fifteen years younger, and; longed for a blue bead necklace exposed for sale in the quaint old market place at Auray. -fl' shall send them back to him to morrow,' she said to herself. 'The diamonds are beautiful — and I am getting tired of my life here, and I know that Jack hates me— but that man is too hor rible — and--I am an Lonest woman.' She. flung herself on her knees beside the bed, in the attitude of prayer, but not to prayw. She had lost the habit of prayer soon .after she left her native province. She was sobbing passionately for the loss of her husband's love, with a dim con sciousness -that it was her own degradation that had cost her hid affection. 'I've been a good wife to him,' she mur mured in broken syllables, ''better than ever I was—' ?????; . And then speech lost itself in convulsive sobs, and she cried herself to sleep. ; . OHAPTEltXyiL — MUBDEB. . ;.. Murder! an awful word under the most ordinary circumstances of everyday life — an awful- word even when spoken of an event that happened long ago, or afar off. But what a word shouted in the dead of night, through the close, darkness of a sleeping house, thrilling the ear of slumber, freezing the blood in' the half-awakened sleepers' veins. ; ? Such a shout — repeated with passionate clamor— scared the inhabitants of the Cibber-street lodging-house at three o'clock m the winter morning, still dark as deepest night. Mrs. Kawber heard it in her back bedroom on the ground floor. It pene trated confusedly — not as a word, but as 3\. tiound rof fear and dread-^to -die front kitchen, where Mrs. Evitt, the landlady, Blept on an ancient press bedstead, which by day made believe to be a bookcase. Lastly, Desrolles, who seemed to have dept more heavily than the others on that particular night, came rushing out of his room to ask .the meaning of that hideous summons. - . . , They all met on the first floor landing, where Jack Chicot stood on the theshold of his wife's bedroom, with a candle in his hand, the flickering flame making a patch of sickly yellow light amidst sur rounding gloom— a faint light in which Jack Chicofs pallid countenance looked like the face of a ghost. ' What is; the matter ?' Besrolles asked the two women simultaneously. ' My wife ias been murdered. My God, it is too awful ! f$ee— seeT-rr' Chicot pointed witli a trembling hand to a thin thread of crimson that had crept along tho dull grev carpet to the very threshold. Shudderingly the others looked inside, as he held the candle towards the bec|, with white averted face. There were hideous stains on the counterpane, an awful figure lying in a heap among the bedclothes, a long loose coil of raven hair, curved like a snake round the rigid form — an awful spectacle, which not one of thosa who gazed upon, spell-boupd/fascinated by the horror of the sight, could ever hope to forget. ' Murdered, and in my house !' shrieked Mrs. Evitt, unconsciously echoing the words of Lady Macbeth on a similar occasion. ' I shall never let my first floor again; I'm a ruined woman. !3eize him, 'old 'm tight,' she cried, with sudden intensity. ' It musi 'ava been her husband done it. You was often a-quarrelling, you know you was.' This fierce attack startled Jack Chicot.* He turned upon the -woman with hip. ghastly face, a new horror in his eyes. ' ' I kill her !' he .cried. 'I never rawed nay hand, against her in my life, though she . has tempted me many a time. I came into the house three minutes ago. I should not have known anything, for when I come . in late I sleep in the little room, but I saw that-r — (he pointed to the thin red streak which had crept across the threshold, and under the door, to the carpetless lauduig outside), 'and then I came in and found her lying here, as you see her.' 'Somebody ought to go fora policeman,' suggested DesroUes. ? . ' ? ? .'??-' . ??I - i;Kff 'I willi' said Chicot, being the oily jpft son present in a condition' '-? :.1efr^%)f$| house, and before anyone could- question aW right to leave it he was gone. ''^ f^\ They waited outside that awful chamber for a quarter of an hour, but no polic&man; came, nor did Jack Chicot return. : ? 'I begin to think he has made a bolt of it,' said Desrolles. '^ That looks rather bad.' 'Didn'tl tell you he'd done it,' screamed the' landlady. 'I know he'd got to hate her. I've seen it in his looks — and she has told me as much, and cried over it, 'poor thing, when she'd taken a glass or two more than was good for her. And you let him go, like a coward as you was.' ; ' My g6bd MifS. Evitt, you are getting abusive. I was not sent into the world to arrest possible criminals. I am not a detec tive;' 'But I'm a ruined woman!' cried the outraged householder ;' who's to occupv my lodgings in future, I should like to knowf The house'll get the name of being haunted. Here's Mts. Rawber even, that has been with me close upon five years, will be wanting to go.' 'I've had a turn,' assented the tragic lady, '? and I don't feel that I can lie down in my bed again downstairs. I'm afraid I may have to look for other apartments.' _ u There,' whimpered Mrs. Evitt, ' didn't I tell you I was a ruined woman?' Desrolles had gone into the front room, and was standing at an open window, watching for a policeman. One of those guardians of the public peace came strolling along the pavement presently, with as placid an air as if he had been an inhabitant of Arcadia, to whom Desrolles shouted. 'Come up here, there's been murder.1* The public guardian wheeled himself stiffly round and approached the street door. He did not take the word murder in its positive sense, but in its local signifi cance, which meant a tow, culminating in a few bruises and a black eye or two. That blood had been shed, and that a dead woman was lying inr the house, never en tered his mind. He opened the door and came up stairs with slow, creaking foot steps, as if he had been making a ceremo nious visit. . . ' What's the row ?' he asked curtly, when he came to the first-floor landing, and saw the two women standing there, Mrs. Evitt wrapped; in a waterproof, Mrs. Raw ber in a yellow cotton dressing-gown of antiquated fashion, both with scared faces and dishevelled hair. Mr. Desrolles was the coolest of the trio, but even his counte nance had a ghastly look in the light of the guttering candle, which Jack had set down on the little table outside the bedroom door. They told him breathlessly what had hap pened. 'Is she dead ?v he asked. 'Go in and look,' said Mrs. Evitt. 'I dared not go a-nigh her.' The policeman went in, lantern in hand, a, monument of stolid calm, amidst the terror of the scene. Little need to ask if she were dead; The awful face uoon the pillow, those glazed eyes with their wide stare of horror, that gaping wound in the full white throat, from which the life blood had poured in a crimson stream across the white counterpane until it made a dark pool across the bed, all told their own tale. 'She must have been dead for an hour and more,' said the policeman, touching the ' marble hand. La Chicot's hand and arm were flung above her head, as if she had known what was coming, and had tried to clutch the bell- pull behind her. The other hand was tightly clenched, as in the last convulsion. ' There'll have to be an inquest,' said the policeman, after he had examined the window, and looked out to see if the room was easily accessible from without. '^Some body had better go for a doctor. I'll go myself. There's a surgeon at the corner of the nextistreet. Who is she, and how did' it happen?' Mrs. Evitt, in a torrent of words, told him all she knew, and all she suspected. It was her husband, that had done it, she sure. ; ; tl Why ?' asked the policeman. 'Who else should it be? It couldn't be burglars. You saw yourself that the window was fastened inside. She'd no valuables to tempt any~one. Light come light go. was her. motto, poor thing. Her money went as fast as it came, and if it wasn't him as did it, why haven't lie come -ck?' ' . : . ; ... ' ? The policeman asked what she meant by this, whereupon Desrolles told Jiim of Mr. Chicot's disappearance. : ' I must say that it looks fishy,' con cluded the second-floor lodger. 'I don't want to breathe a word against a man I like, but it looks fishy. He went out twenty minutes ago to lookfor a policeman, and he hasn't come back yet.' . ' No, nor never will,' said Mrs. Rawber, who was sitting on the stairs shivering, afraid to gp back to her bedroom. That ground nodr bedroom of hers was a dismal place at the best of. times, over shadowed by the wall of the yard, and made dark and damp by a protruding cistern, but how would it seem to her now when the house was made horrible by murder? . , ' Do you know what time it was when the husband gave the alarm?' asked the policeman. . . ' Not more than twenty minutes ago.' ' Any of you -got a watch ?' Desrolles shrugged his shoulders. Mrs. Evitt murmured something about her poor husband's watch, which had been a good one in its time, till one of the hands broke short off and the works went wrong. Mrs. Rawber had a clock on her bedroom mantle piece, and Jiad noticed the time when that awful cry waked her, scared as she was. It was ten minutes after three. 'And now it wants twenty to four/' said the sergeant, looking at his watch. ' If the husband did it he must have done ita good hour before he gave the alarm, at least that's my opnion. We shall hear what the doctor says ; Til go and fetch him. Now, look here, my good people, if you value your own characters you'll none of you attempt to leave this house to-n^ght. 1f our evidence will be wanted at the in quest to-morrow, and the quieter and closer you keep yourselves meanwhile the safer for you.' ' I shall go back to bed,' said Desrolles, ^asl don't see my way. to being of any use.' 'That's the best thing you can do,' said the sergeant, approvingly ; if and you, ma'am,' he added, turning to Mrs. Rawber, , fpljfc better fofiow the gentleman's lex Wm»? ' ' ?.'?'-''? \ 'm' ^36*6.! Rawber felt as if her bedroom : would be peopled With ghosts, but did iaot ; fike to give utterance to her fears. \ \ / 'I'll go down and set a light to my parlor fire, and mix myself a wineglass full of something warm, she said. 'I feel chilled to the marrow of my bones.' - ' Yoii, ma'am, had better wait up here till I come back with the doctor/5 said the policeman. - Desrolles had returned to his room, by this time. Mrs. Rawber went downstairs with the policeman, glad of his company so far. He waited politely while: she struck a lucifer and lighted her candle; and then he hurried off to find a doctor. ' There's company in a fire-' mused Mrs. Rawber, as she groped for wood and paper in the bottom of a cupboard not wholly innocent of black beetles. There was company in a glass of hot gin and water, too, by-and-by, when the tiny kettle had been coaxed 'into a boil. Mrs. Rawber was a temperate woman, but she liked what she called her ' little comforts,' and an occasional glass of gin and water was one of them. 'It's very hard upon me,' she said to herself, thinking of the dreadful deed that had been done upstairs ; ' the rooms suit me, and I'm used to them; and yet I believe I shall have to go. I shall fancy the place is haunted.' She glanced round over her shoulder, fearful lest she should see La Chicot in her awful beauty — a marble face, a blood stained throat, and glassy eyes regarding her with an awful stare. 'I shall have to leave,' thought Mrs. Rawber. Meanwhile Mrs. Evitt was alone up stairs. She was a ghoul-like woman, for whom horrors were net without a ghastly relish. She liked to visit in the house of death, to sit beside the winter fire with a batch of gossips, consuming tea and toast, dwelling on the details of a last illness, or discussing the order of a funeral. She had a dreadful courage that came of familiarity with death. She took up the caudle, and went in alone and unappalled to look at Chicot. ' How tight that hand is clenched,' she said to herself ; ' I wonder whether there's anything in it.' She forced back the stiffening fingers, and with the candle held close, bent down to peer into the marble palm. In the hollow of that dead hand she found a little tuft of iron- grey hair, which looked as if it had been torn from a man's Bead. Mrs. Evitt drew the hairs from -the dead hand, and with a careful precision laid them in an old letter which she took from her pocket, and folded up the letter into a neat little packet, which she returned to the same calico receptacle for heterogeneous articlos. 'What a turn it has given me,' she said to her herself, stealing back to the landing, her petticoat lifted lest she should disturb that dreadful pool beside the bed. The expression of her face had altered since she entered the room. There was a new intelligence in her dull grey eyes. Her countenance and bearing were as of one whose mind is charged with the weight of an awful secret. Tl e surgeon came, an elderly man, who lived close at hand; and was experienced in the v ays of that doubtful section of society which inhabited the neighborhood of ?Ciblei -street. In his opinion La Chicot had been* dead three hours. It was now on the stroke of 4. One o'clock must, therefore, have been the time of the murder. The police sergeant came back in com pany with a man in plain clothes, and these two' made a careful examination of the pre mises together, the result of which inspec tion went to show that it would have been extremely difficult for any one to enter the house from the back. The front door was left on the latch all night, and had been for the last eleven years, and no harm had ever come of it, Jars. Evitt declared, plain tively. It was a Chubb lock, and she didn't believe there was another like it in all London. , The man in plain clothes committed him self to no opinion, nor did he enter upon any discussion as to the motive of a crime apparently so motiveless* He made his notes of the plain facts of the case, and went away with the sergeant. 'What am I to do about laying her out?' asked Mrs. Evitt of the doctor. 'I wouldn't lay a finger upon her for a hun dred pounds/' ' I'll send round a nurse from the work house,' said the doctor, after a moment's thought. ' They're not easily scared.' Half-an-hour later the workhouse nurse came, a tall, bony woman, who executed her horrible task in a businesslike manner, which testified to the strength of her nerve and the variety of her experience. By five o'clock in the morning all was done, and La Chicot lay with meekly folded hands under clean white linen — the heavy lids closed for ever on the once lovely eyes, the raven hair parted on the classie brow. : 'She's the handsomest corpse I've laid out for the last ten years/' said the nurse ' and I think she does me credit. If you've got a kettle on the boil, mum, and can give me a cup of tea, I shall be thankful for it ; and I think a teaspoonf ul of sperrits in it would do me good. Pve been all night with a fractious pauper in. the smallpox ward.' 'Oh, lor,' cried Mrs. Evitt. with an alarmed countenance. ' You've been vaccinated^ of course mum,' said the nurse cheerfully. ' You don't belong to none of them radical anti vaccinationists, I'm sure. And as to catch ing complaints of that kind, mum, its only your pore-spirited, nervous people as does it. I never have, no pity for such weak mortals. I look down on em to6 much,' (Tpbe continued.) A parish in the county of Fife had for a minister a good man remarkeble for his bene volent disposition. Meeting one of his parishioners one day he said,' Jeanie, what way do I never see yon in the kirk V u Weel, sir,' replied: Jeanie, ' to be plain wi' ye, I havna a pair o' shoon to gang wi'.' ' A.pair o' ahoon, Jeanie V Jeanie, Fll no' let ye stay at hame for that; what would a pair cost?' 'Abootfour shillings, sir.' Putting his hand into bis pocket, hegave Jeanie the money, and went his it»y. Some time after, meeting her again, he- said, 'Dear me, Jeanie, Tve never seen ye in the kirk yet. 'Wliat way is that?' ' Weal, air,' replied Jeanie, ' to be 'plain yri' ye* when the weather is guid, and I hae time, X prefer gaun to Dumfarlin to hear Mr. GiUespSa.' ' Oh, indeed, Jeanie, lass, that's the way o% is't? Ye micht bae gi'en me the fi&l; day q* &9 »hooa, obj w»y, d'ye no think ?' 