Opening Museums and Institutes on Sundays. — An absolute majority of the members of the Assembly have pronounced in favour of the principle of opening institutes and museums durinsr Sundav afternoon. The decision thus arrived at, whether it is endorsed by the majority of the inhabitants of the province or not, is unquestionably iu accordance with the tendency of modern thought It is perfectly safe to predict that refore many years are over the course thus followed will be acquiesced in by every English-speaking community. With all respect to a large, influential, and highly conscientious class in South Aus tralia, weconf ess thatwe view thisprospect, n«t with the alarm they feel, but with satisfaction. In the short but sharp dis cussion of the question which has occurred during the last two or three weeks, it is noteworthy that no exception has Veen taken to the opening of museums and institutes on Sundays -n the 'round of its being in itself harm f'.il. The impropriety of interfering with The sanctity of the Sabbath has been in sisted upon, and the danger of agreeing to Mr. Fraser's proposition, as being m-thing more nor less than the insertion rf the thin end of the wedge in favour of general Sabbath desecration, .ire the points that have been chiefly urged. Wo confess that with neither of these contentions have we much sympathy. There is nothing in the step now resolvel upon that can impose upon tender con sciences burdens grievous to be borne, for r.o man's liberty of individual action is in the slightest degree infringed. Xor is there any serious occasion to fear that the opening of these institutions will be followed up by the introduction of sports and pastimes, and all the accompaniments . f the Continental Sunday. The sentiment « f a large class in the community may be « {Tended by the resolution arrived at, but v. e maintain that there is nothing in what I as been done to outrage the moral n life. No one, we imagine, really i!:?sik3 that the opening of mascaras ill institute reading- rooms on Sunday i- an immoral proceeding ; aud although mity regard it as most inexpedient we 1 t-'ifve this opposition will die away whea it is funnel,, aa we feel snre will be the case, :l.at the course pursued will contribute :jj-» arus the better and more rational spen ding of that inestimable boon to all classes \- the weekly d*y of rest The motion as agreed to is limited in its direct applica tion to Adelaide and Port Adelaide, and, bo far as the former is concerned, we pre Bume there will be no delay in bringing the principle affirmed into operation, seeing that the Board of Governors of the Institute are favourable to the change. In the case of country institutes the House has thrown an invidious duty upon local committees, although we confess that we sea no better way of dealing with the question. As regards the metropolis we are not hopeful of any very beneficial results being arrived at through the opening of the present Readin^ ?Room and Museum, but the fact that the public are to have admission to these places at a time when they have abundant leisure to avail themselves of the opportunity will, it is to be hoped, vastly stimulate action in the direction of getting a building more worthy of the colony erected without delay. Our gratification at the triumph in the Assembly of a movement which_ we hope and believe will be of material social benefit i3 greatly modi fied by the consideration that due and satisfactory effect cannot, under existing circumstances, be given to the resolution of the House, : ExEctmvB Council. — His Excellency the Governor held a Council on 'Wednesday morning, at which all the Ministers were pre sent. OFHinSG OT ISSTrTUTBS OS SC5DA.TS.— The adjourned debate on Mr. Fraser's motion for the opening of museums and reading-rooms on Sunday afternoons came ou in the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon. A great many speeches — most of them comparatively short— were made, and a number of amendments were moved. Ineffectual attempts were made by those against the principle to obtain a further adjournment of the debate, but their tactiri resulted in the final decision being postponed until after the dinner-hour, although it had been intended not to have a late sitting. The motion as amended was carried in the following form by the very large majority of 18 :— ' That it is desirable that the reading-rooms and museums of the Adelaide and Port Adelaide Institutes should be opened and available to the public between the hours ot 1 p.m. and 6 p.m. on every Sunday, and that it is desirable, ps regards all other institutes, that it be in the discretion of the majority of the committee of each instituta whether their institute shall or stall not be opened on Sundays.' Ptbhc Wohks Coinnssiox. — The Assembly has, on the motion of Mr. Furrier, agreed to the appointment of a Commission, to consist of seven members of the House and such other gentlemen as may be approved by the Governor, to enquire generally into matters connectad with the] construction, maintenance, and management of public works during the past four years. The mover's speech was a short and temperate one, and the leader of the House at once assented to the motion, stating that the Government challenged the fullest enquiry. The debate which followed was chiefly remark able for a severe attack by Mr. Keea on the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties, and the defence of that gentleman by other members. The ballot for the members of the House to serve on the Commission was adjourned until next day. Thb Mail Service. — In the Assembly, on Wednesday, the Treasurer corrected what he had said the previous day in reference to the new postal service. It appears that Mr. Berry stated in his recent interview with Mr. Morgan that he was unable to agree to anything at all, because the matter had not been considered by the Victorian Cabinet, but he had suggested certain propositions as a fair basis for negotia tions. The Government of South Australia bive not sent another proposition, as one they made some time ago has not been replied to. Me. R. G. TrViLKiwsos.— Mr. Wilkinson, the Manager of the National Bank, returned to Ade laide with his wife on 'Wednesday by the sj. South Australian, after an absence from the colony of over a year. rEOPOSBD Railway Workshops at Sausbtjhy. — At the adjourned meeting in reference to the proposed railway workshops, held at Salisbury on Saturday evening, there was a very large attend ance, and Mr. J. Harvey, J J?., presided. Mr. R. Verco, JJP., stated that the petition to the Com missioner of Public Works had been numer ously signed, and that the members for the district, Messrs. Cavenagh and Darling, had ar ranged with the Commissioner to receive the deputation on Friday morning. This comma nication was warmly received by the meeting. Mr. Verco was thanked for the acute interest he had taken in the matter, and a vote of thanks was also passed to Mr. Harvey for presiding over the meeting. Setremb Cockt Oivit Sitttsgs. — At Wed nesday's sitting, before His Honor Mr. Justice Bcucant, the case of Hutchison and wife v. Bean, for the recovery of money paid by defen dant and damages iu respect of breach of an agreement, was called on for hearing. Mr. J. H. Symon appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. J. W. Downer, Q.O, with Mr. Pater for the defen dant, but the trial was not proceeded with, as the action had been settled by the defendant paying back to the plaintiffs the £105 he had received from them, and it was agreed that each party should pay their own coats. These sittings will be resumed this morning, at 10 o'clock, before Mr. Justice F-oucaat, when the case of He5len v. Heylen will be taken. The Acclimatization Socibtt. — A meeting of the Council of this Society was held on Fri day, August 8, at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C. There were present the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L C. (in the chair), Sir John Morphett, the Hon. Joseph Fisher, M.L.O., Messrs. W. J. Magarey. M.P., W.A.B. 'West- Erskice, M.P., George Hamilton, J.P-, A. Abra hams, J.P., and R. K. Minehin (the Hon. Secre tary). Apologies for Boa - attendance were received from His Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Goyder. A letter was read from the Salmon Commissioners in Tasmania, informing the Council that the trout ova would be shipped for Adelaide during the first week in August. Mr. Blackwocd, of the firm of Messrs. McMeckan, BLickwcod.4 Co.,of Melbourne, wrote, express ing his great willingness to assist the Society by every means in his power. The Secretary to write and thank Mr. Blackwood. It was resolved that the future meetings of the Council be held monthly, and on the Friday following the departure of the English mail. The Council were of opinion that the humble bee should be introduced into the colony at as early a date as possible. It was resolved that tie perch at present in the care of Mr. Magarey be liberated in the reservoirs, provided the Government raise no objection. On. the pro position of Sir John Morphett, seconded by Mr. Hamilton, the Secretary was instructed to write to Dr. Mayo, and request his attendance at the meetings of the Council. Hailstorm at Naihnb.— One of the most severe hailstorms ever recollected to have fallen at Nairne occurred on Monday. The street and footpaths were literally covered with hailstones, the spouting on the houses was completely choked, and the water flowed over into the houses. No serious damage was, however, done. TROUT OVA.— The Secretary of the Acclima tization Society has informed us that a large quantity of brown-trout ova has arrived by the South Australian from Tasmania for the Society. DOWLINGVILLE Wesleyan Chapel. — The foundation-stone of a new Wesleyan Chapel was laid at Dowlingville on Monday, August 4, by Mrs. Waterman, of Ardrossan. On Sunday, August 3, two sermons were preached by the Bev. T. E.Thomas, of Maitland, which were attended by large congregations. On Monday a tea meeting took place in a large tent provided for the occasion, about 200 persons being pre sent. After tea a public meeting was held, presided over by Mr. P. Howard. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. 'Waterman, W. andT. James, and the Rev. T. E. Thomas. The Cunningham Wesleyan choir sang some pieces during the evening. The collections made after each service and after the public meeting proved very satisfactory. Adelaide Asiatetb MrsiCAi, Uicios. — To- rrorrow evening the Adelaide Amateur Musical Union will give the iourth concert of their fifth season, on which occasion Virginia Gabriel's Cantata 'Bvangeline* will be presented. There is a chorus of o«r eighty voice*, and with the accompaniment of a. full band and the grand organ a successful performance is anticipated. In addition to the Cantata, which will form the entire portion of tha first part of the programme, there will be a few songs, duet*, quartettes, and choruses. The final rehearsal will take place to-night at tbeJTown Hall. St. Petes asd St. Paul's Catholic Chcbch — A bazaar, in aid of the Building Fund of this Church, will be held in the Institute Hall, Gawler, on Aqgusfc 21, 22, and 23. GlSS£K3 IxTERART ASSOCIATION. ? This Association will meet in the Glenelg Congre gational Schoolroom this evening, on which occasion the Bev. C. Manthorpe and Mr. W. Storrie will give readings. Terowie and Pichirichi Railway. — Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., one of the members for the District of Flinders, waited on the Commis sioner of Public 'Works on Wednesday, August 13, and presented the following petition from eighty-seven residents of the Hundred of Palmer, County Newcastle :— "That your peti tioners have noticed with much regret that the Terowie and Pichirichi Railway is not being brought to the township of Stephenston; that the aforesaid township is in a direct line from Coonatto Gap to Quorn; that nearly all the land in this hundred is selected, that a vast area is under crop, and that an immense quantity of wheat will be grown on the Palmer Plain ; that if the above railway does not come to Stephenston your petitioners will be necessitated to take their preface, over a very bad road, to Quorn, and large sums of money will be required annually to keep the same in repair. Your peti tioners, therefore, humbly pray that you will cause the Terowie and Pichiriehi Railway to come to the township of Stephenston.'" The Com missioner said he would give the matter his careful consideration. Cbihisax SimsG3. — On Wednesday the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued. Stephen Harris Rowe was found guilty of embezzlement, and was sentenced to a light sentence of two vears with hard labour, on account of bis previous excellent character. Hans Smith was acquitted of unlawfully wound ing ; Patrick Barrett, James Henwood, Henry Davis, and March Berry were convicted of larceny, and sentenced to six months with hard labour. In tha ca-e of Samuel Cowan, charged with bigamy, the Grown Solicitor entered a nolle prostqui as an important witness expected from Melbourne had not arrived. In the cue of David Wilkie Wilson, alias Wilkins, prisoner (an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum), being found to be a lunatic, and nst in a fit state to plead, was ordered into custody at the pleasure of tha Governor. The cases on the list for to-day are: — William Slade, embezzlement ; John Arnott, alias Homer, bestiality ; 'Walter Thorn and William Brown, unlawful assault ; Herman Stubiig, manslaughter ; Charles Fisher, larceny ; James, alias Michael, Connor, larceny; Abraham Waadd, wounding with intent; Cornelius Lyons, Edward Thomas Cheeseinan, fsUe pre tences ; Ellen Lyons, stealing from a dwelling house; Thomas Gilleruane, Bridget Gillernane, and Margaret Davidson, assault and robbery ; John Myers, attempt to commit a rape; and Patrick Hoare and Thomas Hoare, shesp stealing. Wamts of the Hcjtorhd of Palmes.— Mr. P. B. Coglin, MP., waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Wednesday, August 13, and presented the following petition, signed by eighty-four residents in the Hundred of Palmer ? — ' That your memorialists are put to great in convenience in consequence of the road lately surveyed, leading north-west from the township of Stephenston, not being surveyed through Section 57; that a letter, dated 'January 15, received from the Surveyor-General's Office, stated that the road would be attended to, and a crossing made over the Willochra Creek ; that the said section (57) is Government property, and now leased to Mr. Counsell. Your me morialists therefore humbly pray that you will cause the aforesaid road to be surveyed through Section 57 to the twenty-chain road imme diately west of it, and cause a crossing to be made over the Willochra Creek.' The Commis sioner promised Mr. Ooglin that he would look into the matter. On the same date Mr. Cogliu waited on the Attorney-General and presented a petition to him asking him to appoint a Jpstice of the Peace at the Hundred of Palmer, and recommencing Mr. J. C. Symons. Mr. Bundey said he would consider the matter. Feopoeed Faie at Gawler.— The committee appointed to carry out this project evidently intend to try and make it a success, and at the meeting held by them oh Tuesday evening, August 12, the following resolution was carried, the object in view being to secure the co operation of all the residents : — ' Resolved, that a petition to His Worship the Mayor of Gawler be presented, asking him to convene a public meeting at nn early date to consider the desira bility of arranging for a 'fair' to be held in Gawler.' The matter was left in the hands of the Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. B. Orchard, to get the|petition drawn up and signed. Post Pioneers Eight-Hocrs Association. — A general Committee meeting of this Associa tion was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, August 12. A letter was read from Mr. Hart, promising his patronage to the picnic at the Pineries, to be held early in September. It was announced that Mr. M. Mead's tender for refreshments had been accepted. Mr. S. MnBsard had promised to supply all the water that was required. Mr. W. Dooner's name was added to the Committee. It was resolved that a procession should form p»rt of the picnic proceedings. , SroRTi5o Notes.— The Hawkesbnry Handi cap and Guineas will take place to-day. From our telegrams it will be seen that Andover and Black Swan are the favourites for the Handicap at 7 to 1, Drum-Major, The Arab, and others being at 10 to 1. Baronet is a hot favourite for the Guineas at 2 to 1, Falmouth being a good outsider. A telegram posted at Tattersall's on Wednesday states that First King and Tocal are Dot going to Randwick to the A.J.C. Spring Meeting at the end of the month, and that the sole St. Albans representative will be His Grace, who is in the Derby. His Grace, Mercury, and Belladrum left for Sydney on Tuesday in charge of Yeomans. Mercury and Belladrum are said to be slightly amiss. Nellie, the favourite for the Sydney Derby, did not do a good gallop on Wednesday morning, and 5 to 1 is now offered about her. Poet Offices. — The recent improvement made by Messrs. Cave & Co. and the Com mercial Bank in providing better accommoda tion in their business premises has been the cause of sweeping away another of the early marks of the old Port. Nearly a quarter of a century ago the P. & O. Company sent out an agent who put up a wooden box somewhere near where the Queen's Wharf now exists. Later on, when the P. & O. moved to Elder's, the office was handed over to the Whits Swan steamship owners, and for another period it aervrd that purpose till it was pushed aside by the better buildings, and Mes3ri Fonnby & Son occupied it for a time, Then it became a printing office till the advent of better buildings rubbed it out altogether, and in its stead Cave & Co. and the Commercial Bank, -who now share the block of ground, have erected handsomely furnished quarters with a cut-stone front and a slate slab pavement. The interior decorations are of cedar and polished pine. Vital Statistics. — The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, August 9, 1879, were: — Births — 142 males, 110 females; deaths — 14 males, 35. females. Total — 252 births, 79 deaths. Excess of births, 173. The District of Adelaide: — Births — 33 males, 23 females; deaths— 10 males, 11 females. Total— 56 births, 21 deaths. Excess of births, 35. The Bahrieb Ranges.— Our correspondent, writing from Umberumberka on August 8, says: — ' The country is looking quite freeh and green after the recent rains, and there will be an abundance of green feed shortly. Shearing operations hare commenced in several sheds in the locality, and the clip promises to be a good one. A great number of teams hare passed up wards daring the past fortnight laden with supplies, ic, for the different stations. Three wagonloads of shearers engaged in Adelaide for Mount Gipps passed here two days ago. They appear to be a fine lot of men. In stock move ments I have to report that 320 head of cattle from Messrs. Powell &ArmitageT8Thargomindah; Station, Bulloo River, Mr. F. Ford in charge, passed here on the 3rd en route for Adelaide ; and 350 head of fat cows from the Hon. G. C. Hawker's Warrawefcna Run, Mr. Bennett in charge, will pass to-day for Adelaide.' Ac£3T»H-T AT Appila Yaebowib.— An acci dent happened at Appila Yarrowie, on August 12, to a sou of Mr. William Blight, farmer, which fortunately did not prove fatal. A colt was being roped in the stockyards, ,and the boy was standing outside leaning against the rails, when suddenly the animal kicked between the rails, striking the lad over the right eye, and inflicting a severe gash. Dr. Willy was in prompt attendance, and stitched up the wound. The sufferer is progressing favourably towards recovery. Theaibh Rotal— There was but a moderate attendance at the Theatre on Wednesday night, which was no doubt attributable to the un favourable state of the weather. The burlesque of ' Bluebeard' was again repeated, and favour able received. The most successful portion was the ballet by the juveniles, which was loudly applauded and encored. The same programme will be given thU evening. The Shasox.— A correspondent residing at Karridy says that the crops in that neighbour hood are Jookiijg splendid, and if the yield is any thing like what it promises to be the season will te a prosperous one. LrcrrEE ox Dlucosds. — Mr. D. F. Mae donald's lecture on diamonds, which was ad vertised to be delivered on Wednesday night at .the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklin-street has been postponed. Thb Ghosts.— D'Arcy Read'* Ghosb again appeared at White's .Rooms on Wednesday evening, and amused a large audience with their rapid sfpearascej and eTaniahmentf. 