Chapter XII. THE WINDOW IN THE WALL. Amabel Ainslie bad grieved much over Janet's flight; no other ndfilment of a pro vision, .and there had come each to her, or she had fancied them, was ever so unwel come as the conviction that the marriage in which she had foreseen nnhappineas was not happy i no other effort was so painful as that by which, accepting the fact that Janet could not but do as Bne had done, Amabel resolutely kept her Becret through all the wonderings and conjectures that followed. Only to Cap tain Dunstan were the real circumstances that led to Janet's departure known, and it was never suspected that Amabel had any knowledge of her subsequent proceedings. She accepted without comment Mts. Cath cart's suggestion that the matter could not be discussed with any profit, and scrupulously avoided it._ Of Captain Dunstan she had seen very little since the early summer, and Janet had not been mentioned between them. And now Amabel might speak! In the consultation that ensued on Laura's con vincing elucidation of Sir Wilfrid's surprising statement, Amabel joined, without letting it be discovered that she had previously known anything, by earnestly entreating Sir Wilfrid to carry the news to Captain Dunstan, and to accompany him, if, as no doubt would be the case, he should decide on immediately going in search of Janet. " 1 believe there iB no one in the world who could Bpeak to her with such effect as you could," said Amabel, "and she is too just to refuse to see you. None of us can tell whe ther Bhe might not entirely refuse to see Captain Dunstan. And then, Miss Wells thinks so highly of you; she will take your view." It was agreed that this should be done. Laura thought there was a very perceptible readiness to accept Amabel's judgment on that and every other point on the part of Sir Wilfrid Esdaile. Laura was interested in this strange story more than she had expected ever to be interested in anything again, but it was not until after wards that she came to the knowledge of the large part she herself had played in it. On the following morning Sir Wilfrid Esdaile left Hunsford, and the first meeting between the friends since that memorable day on which he had quitted Bevis a rejected suitor to the woman whom he now hoped would be re stored to her husband through his means, took place a few hours later. Dunstan met him at the railway station, and, before they reached Bevis, Esdaile, to whom he had not meant to mention Janet at all, had told him the news. Two days later they left England together, and travelled with but little delay to Nice. Sir Wilfrid Esdaile was readily recognised at the hotel in the old part of the town, whither he pro ceeded in the first instance unaccompanied by Dunstan, and on his inquiry for Miss Wells he learned that she was not there just then. Miss Wells had been a good deal away from her head-quarters of late, since shortly after the English lady's death. She had gone away then for three months, and when she returned— " Alone ?" asked Sir Wilfrid of the pro prietor of the hotel, who held his eccentric English locataire in great respect, and was ready to give any information to a friend of hers. No, not alone; and the strange story was that the lady who came with her might have been the twin sister of the poor little lady, so sad and gentle, who had died in the summer. They had all been astonished. It was like seeing a ghost; but, after all, there was nothing surprising. The new lady was the near relation of the other, and of the same name. (The proprietor never wasted time in the vain attempt to pronounce it) After a short stay Miss Wells went away again, taking her friend with her. No, he could not tell his excellency where they had gone to. Miss Wells never sent him an address; she never had her letters forwarded when she went away ; and he could not say positively when she might be expected to return. But yes, there was no doubt at all that she would come back, only the exact time was uncer tain, and it was also sure that she was not returning alone, as she had given orders about certain changes in her rooms, on ac count of the new lady. This was satisfactory to a certain extent, and Sir Wilfrid proceeded to act on the information he had elicited. He inquired whether the rooms adjoining Miss Wells's apartment were vacant, and learning that they were, engaged them for himself ana a friend from that day. He then wrote a few words on one of his cards, which he put in an envelope, addressed to Miss Wells, re questing thab it might be given to her imme diately on her arrival, and, as a matter of ; fact, he saw it tucked under her key, which hung on its numbered hook in the bureau. He then returned to Captain Dunstan at the Hotel de France, and reported progress. To them both it was a disappointment to find that they must wait, and for an uncertain time, before they could hope to see Janet. They had discussed the matter very little, hardly alluded to it during their journey: and now, the very closeness of the confidence between them and the associations of the past rendering them averse to speak upon the subject -of which they were thinking most, the delay, with its restraint, its un certainty, and its prolonged excitement, was very irkBome to them. There, was a ready resource, time need not hang heavily on their hands ; and with the sight of the place the former fascination of tne gaming-tables for Esdaile revived. Dunstan had no particular taste for gambling, but he was restless and nervous, and he wanted to kill time. Three, four, five dayB passed away; the weather was very fine. There was no sign of Miss Wells's return, and when the regular inquiry made by Sir Wilfrid each morning had re ceived the regular reply, the two young men would leave their dull hotel for the fashion able quarter, and soon find themselves with the reBt of the world, at Monte Carlo. It j eeemed as if fate were bent on playing Sir Wilfrid EEdailean ill trick by this delay ; for he not only fell into the old temotation, but " the devil's luck" declared itself for him, and he won largely and continuously ; so that he came to be talked aboutamong the fre quented of the place, .of the lower orders, 1 juBt as a' gentleman who is lucky "on the turf becomes unconsciously a hero to the thebre tically-horsey idlers who lurk and slouch about the places where the mysterious transactions in which he bUs won distinction are carried on.-- 'I Their sojourn at Nice -had lasted for ten days, when one morning Esdaile turned into the bureau' as usual to ask Mb- invariable questjon, and found himself the spectator of a household ' row. The stem and business like lady wbo presided in the bureau, the pro prietor of. the hotel, and a waiter, the identi cal person who was in the habit of waiting on Esdaile and Dunstan, were the parties to the quarrel. -Esdaile immediately withdrew, having hoard only the curt and determined order of the proprietor to the misdemeanant to " make his packet and go on the field." The man was civil and quick, though an ill-looking fellow, a Nira&rd; of the hard and d^k type, and Bingularly. taciturn. Esdaile had hoticbd him, because, as neither Dunstan nor himself had a servant with him—a pre caution against talk being carried back to Bevis which Mrs. C&thoart; had suggested— he had been In constant request. The man passed him presently at the porit-coch&rt; with a cjvil bow, and Esdaile retumed tothe bureau.1 The irate proprietor was no longer there, the lady In charge was totting np a row of figures with angry energy, and, inter rupting herself to answer Sir Wilfrid's ques tiqn, Bnc could not repress an allusion to her grievance. Never was there such a corvie as the management of those gar$om nowa days. And OuiBeppe had been a pearl; a true pearl, until now, when his insolence—all about a nothing, a miserable little nothing— had procured nim his eortgd, for the patron never would suffer insolence. And a nothing! Any one would think Giuseppe had donfe it express, for the very purpose of being turned out. But she begged pardon; no, there was no news of Miss Wells thiB morning more than another. Presently, Dunstan and Esdaile went out, as usual, for the day. The business of the hotel, not very brisk, went on to all appearance just as usuaL Giuseppe and his packet, of modest size—he carried it with a scowl past the bureau—were gone, and the afternoon was drawing in to wards dusk. There was no noise and no stir about the entrance or in the court of the old hotel, and for the moment the bureau was unoccupied. This must have been a moment watched for by a man, who entering boldly enough through the open gateway, paused in front of the green-curtained door of the bureau, and listened for a moment, then boldly entered. He was not in the room a minute, but he came out of it with a key hidden^ up his sleeve, aud quietly turned to the staircase on the right, and ascended it with perfect unconcern. True, Giuseppe was a dismissed servant, and he had no busi ness there; but, if any one should meet and question him, there was a ready answer in the incompleteness of his packet, something for gotten in the,combles where he had slept, and his neglecting to use the staircase de service would be only an impertinence the more. Fortune, who if she favours the brave, is not always unkind to the dishonest, was propitious to Giuseppe. He met no one, he experienced no alarm, and he let himself into the little vestibule of Miss Wells's apart ment with perfect ease and safety. He then passed with a noiseless tread through the suite of rooms, and, reaching the last of them, profited by the still lingering light to make certain arrangements in a businesslike manner. The furnishing of the room had undergone some alterations since the time of its occupation by Mrs, Monro, but the large table, with its ranges of books and papers, was still in its former place, across the door of communication with the adjoining apart ment. Giuseppe cleared the books and Eapers away, and having lightened the table e very slowly drew it along the wall, so carefully that a passer-by in the corridor outside must have had quick ears indeed to hear a sound, thus leaving the door free. Then he easily picked the old-fashioned lock, and, opening the door, looked into the room on the other side. Apparently he only wanted to look in just at present, for he softly shut the door again, and having deposited a pocket lantern and a box of matches on the floor in a corner, and selected a particularly com fortable chair, and placed it in the shelter of the bed curtains, so near to the door that any sound in the next room would be audible to him at once, he sat down and waited—waited while the darkness fell, and the stars came out, and the unoccupied rooms turned chili and ghostly—waited with set purpose and patience that would have become a good deed. One could never account for accidents, indeed, but he had taken his precautions ad mirably, and the causes he might have had for fear were reduced to their minimum, He munched a slab of chocolate, and waited. The ordinary noises of the hotel as night fell came to his ears, the entry of the chamber maids into the adjoining room and their de parture, then no sound for a long while, and, lastly, the sound that Giuseppe was waiting for. It was that of the voices of the English excellencies, who were such good friends and good comrades. In his ordinary business Giuseppe would not ask better than to serve them, and one of whom was so wonderfully lucky at the tables that one might almost believe he had drawn a good number pour tout de bon only for this stroke of extraordi nary business which Ginseppe was abont to do, thereby crossing the luck of the English excellency. He waited while the friends talked, he heard them laugh (his ear was at the keyhole now)—he heard another sound, sweeter than any laughter, the clear musicaL clink of gold, as the English excellency who had the devil's lnck threw a handful of tinkling pieces on the table—he heard the only English phrase whose meaning he knew,, " good night," spoken by each; and then there was silence, and he waited again, waited along while, it seemed to him, for the light to be put out in the room of the excel lency who had the devil's luck. At length it occurred to Ginseppe that perhaps the excel lency did not intend to put out the light at all. With catlike agility and noiselessness he climbed on the table, and, standing on the edge of it, steadied himself with one hand against the door, and looked through the little window in the wall Looked into a large, dingy, but not uncomfortable room, well lighted, and with a pleasant fire of deep red logs upon the open hearth. In front of the hearth was a fauteuil of the traditional red velvet, and in it reclined Sir Wilfrid Esdaile, sound asleep, a half-smoked cigarette between his lips. Giuseppe's gaze took in every feature of the scene, but dwelt with all the e&gemess; of greed upon the table at Esdaile s elbow. There, scattered in care less profusion, lay the devil's lack, in the form of a neap of gold and notes, and a bulky pocketbook. On the table there also lay an open book. Esdaile had been catting its pages, with a curious p&perknife; too, for it was Dunstan'a dagger, that fine thin blade in the carved tortoiseshell Bheath, which he bought at Galle, in the days before he was rich enough to lend an ear to the blandish ments of the traders in "cattyeye" and "pinkee collal." An alcove, across which the curtains were snugly drawn, faced the door in the walL As things were going, Giuseppe might have long to wait; the Eng lish excellency sleptwithsuch unembarrassed ease in his fauteuil that he was not more likely to wake while the fire kept the tern nerature even than if he were in his bed. Time was growing precious, for although. Giuseppe knew a Way of getting out of tne hotel with resorting to concierge or cordon, he would rather not resort to it, if he could contrive to Blink out again by the entry as he had slunk in. He stepped softly down, from the table, and gently pushed the door open, glided through the aperture, and-ap proached the tame without making the slightest sound. At this instant oueof the redhearted logs tumbled over and- struck, tiro ash-tray, rousing Esdaile, who. opened hia, eyes and shiftednis position. StHl'aa astono stood Giuseppe behind him, holding his. breath, his eyes glittering and terrible. Esdaile moved again, threw Kb aft/oat, had knocked the open book off. tire edge- Gfthe table. It fell jnst behind him, and thedBioer dropped at Giuseppe's fesh s SkOOif, utter noisalessneas, he Mat ooyooWi it on the ground, but with<mtf™~~" eyes from Badaile's head, back of the jfatrfeuft Agi and this time he ptashed the.1 castors, so that he wgO'tuiu ^ from the hearth, half IftTft*' the wall, and only a movement as instan taneous as it was noiseless enabled Giuseppe to shift his own ground and escape detec tion. That half turn of Esdaile's, rendering Giuseppe's retreat by the door in the wall im possible, made a difference of immense import m the situation. Giuseppe's intentions in the scheme which he had been contemplating for several days bad been strictly limited to robbery. The English excellency asleep, he would enter the room, Becnre his booty, leave the room in the_ same way, replace the table, restore everything to ite usual appearance, and decamp in safety. But now, the man whom he had come to rob was only half asleep, facing the table on which lay the devil s luck, and half-facing the door. "Somuch the worse for him—his luck has turned. I shall have to kill him now." With this thought, Giuseppe—his hand closed upon Dnnstan's dagger—fell back, step by step, until he had reached the alcove; then he glided behind the curtain, and waited until the swift moments should decide whether Eedaile would wake up completely or drop into a deep sleep again. Long after the business of the old hotel was supposed to be concluded for the night, there arose a hubbnb in the bureau, and the concierge was loud in protest, and vehement in apologies. Miss Wells and her friend had arrived; no preparation was made for them, no message had been received. " That comes of trusting people to send one's telegrams,' said Miss Wells; "henceforth I do my own wiring." No fires had been lighted, it was most unfortunate, but it could not be helped. And Miss Wells and her friend had been detained for several hours in consequence of an accident on the line, which was also unfortunate, for her friend was far from strong. Quite a procession escorted the ladies to their apartment with luggage, lights, and a basket of firewood. With everything, it seemed, except the means of getting into the rooms, for the key with the right number on its leaden label, taken off the numbered hook in the bureau, would not unlock the door, and consternation ensued. There was nothing for it but to fetch a locksmith, and in the interval Miss Wells seated herself on a box and opened her letters, while the lady of the bureau, with whom nothing had gone right that day, since Giuseppe's unaccountable conduct, took Buch care as she could of Janet One of those . communications which had been awaiting Miss Weils gave her so much satis faction that she was ready to meet any and every inconvenience with good humour. " I accidentally discovered that Mrs. Dan Stan is with you"—Buch were the words on Esdaile's card—"to the great relief and joy of us alL I am here to see you on behalf of Captain Dnnstan, stopping in the house. Say nothing to her, but let me know where you can see me." How thankful Miss Wells was! How doubly glad that the person to intervene in this matter, which caused her so much anxiety, was Sir Wilfrid Esdaile, the friend of the former dark days, and a paragon of perfection in the eyes of Miss Wells. She had looked npon Janet as she would have looked npon one who was going through the phases of a great illness, and concerning whom the bystanders bad sore need of hope and patience. The '1 turn" would come, and then the convalescence. She felt sure of that. Meantime her care and tending of that sick soul, for the sake of Janet herself, for the sake of her dead friend, for the sake of her own mission in life, had been most tender and most vigilant; and now the "turn" was near. With her husband's message would_ begin the healing of Janet's "grievous wound,' and the dawn of better days for her. when she should be brought to accept this mortal life as it is, to discard her dreams of it as it can never be. " I will Bee him to morrow," said Miss Wells to herself, "while she is taking a long rest." The door was now opened, the luggage carried into the ante chamber, fires lighted with the utmost celerity, and while Miss Wells, in the sails A manger, was discussing the possibilities of ®tipper, Janet found ner "way to her own room, and, declining any aid, shut the door upon the bnstle of their unexpected arrival. Except for the light she carried the room was dark; the gloom was grateful to her, and she set the candlestick on the lofty mantelpiece, took off her bonnet and cloak, and seated herself with her back to the feeble light in a chair which stood near to the door in the wall. She was very tired, but her thoughts were clear, and they were following a track on which they had been all that day, the track of investigation of her own will, of the meaning of herself and her life, of per ception that she had been altogether wrong, not so much in what she had done as in the theory, the scheme of possibilities that she had constructed for herself; that track, which, after many windings it may be, or perhaps with inconceivable quickness, leads the human Bpirit into the great liberty and the great light of the message:— "I am the Lord tby Got, and thou shalt have no other gods but Me." No other, simply; not the fairest fancies, not the loftiest ambitions, not the purest affections. That was the liberty, that was the light towards which Janet was being led along the track of her thoughts, and the emancipation, the dawn, were close at hand, bhe was thinking with a curious clearness, considering the surroundings, when a strange tod startling sound, coming from the other Bide of the door, caught her ear. It was a J deep and dreadful groan; and it drew Janet np, trad, and horror-stricken, on her feet I Only for an instant did she stand thus, the nextAhe had perceived that light from the1 T* I!?ectSd °,n th? Kttte window i ^S£?Te heF head- Once more ±2£ never occurred ? door could be unlocked, though with the instantaneous perception of tenor.she saw that the table was drawn away heyond it; and, with a great exertion of strength, she pushed the table sufficiently far back into ite former place, so that Bhe could nana on it, and so reach the glimmering glass. Xn a moment, she was looking into the room, at this:— Sir Wilftid Esdaile had fallen forward on the table where the gold and the notes had been, bis anus stretched ont, his face white and ghastly, lying on his right arm: he was bleeding profusely from a wound in the neck, and the dagger bwl been thrust under one of m nervwewi hands For one moment, Janet saw only this, and even as she tried to utter a cry, tat wasseixed with the dreadful dumbness ofhorror, she felt the door against which her opdy wji» phased slacken, mid the latch an the hW*®- 'Bide moved Then she swank avray iof an instant, and again a i effort Jto pnsh the dooropen was * ^he ^eigttt of the table, with hers ~ ' the attempt, and the ised that his plan of pped back from the e $aw him plainly— Giuseppe. For one lebonthim, as If at hay; i qtficJd/jtowaida the other — same eideof ite : the Ante-room, juiething arrested rmwfleun hidden by the curtain of the alcove. Then Janet, stone dumb, with bursting eyeballs, and icy hands clutching the wall, saw the door on the same side as the hearth open, and a man enter the room. She heard the exclamation he uttered as he rushed across to the fauteuil, and raised Esdaile's lifeless body in Ms arms. He saw the wound, be saw the dagger, he knew what it meant. The cunning fool who had done this forgot that, if men kill, they do not rob'themselves ; and where was the money—the devil's luck—^one to ? He rolled his own handkerchief tight and pressed it | against the wound, and tied Esdaile's hand-! kerchief over that, not daring to let the blood flow while he gave the alarm; all this with I incalculable quickness, and bending over Esdaile with his back to the alcove. Then Giuseppe stole out once more, and Janet Baw him. He must get out of that door by which the man had come in; unseen, if possible—if not, then the other excellency's luck would have turned also, and he should be obliged to kill him too. So Giuseppe swung his strong blue cotton pocket handkerchief into a wisp and knotted the ends in a trice, and glided out with it ready in his band. He was close upon the group beside the hearth. The door lay open, the man's back as he bent over his friend was turned towards him. In another moment he would have crept past and out into the dark ness into safety; but Janet, who saw his terrible face, and the knotted throttling clotb, and could see in them no other design than murder, burst the bonds of the dumb terror, and dashed her clenched hand through the little window in the wall, with a loud and piercing cry—" Edward ! Eaward !" It had hardly rung through the room ere Dunstan had the assassin by the throat. There was no hope from the first, and they all knew it. She could hardly have survived the Bhock, the doctors said, even though she had not been fatally injured by the iaLL as Miss Wells knew Bhe was, when she lifted her. She suffered little, and was very quiet; speaking so little that they were not quite sure of her consciousness at times; but they took the chance of it, and said everything to her that they wanted her to know, especially that Esdaile was recovering, ana that Amabel would soon be with her. She was little moved, butshe understood them, and she would listen when Dunstan spoke, and follow f him with her eyes when he moved about the 'room. They thought she did not remember where she was, but fancied she was at Be vis ; for she said on the third day very distinctly, "I should like to see Mrs. Thornton just once," and then, when they assured her that Mrs. Thornton would certainly come to her, she dozed for a few moments, and said on waking, " We shall walk on the stone terrace, and I will tell her." Miss Wells telegraphed to Laura, and she started for Nice at once; but Janet was not there any longer when Laura arrived. In the same room where she had been told of Robert's death, Laura stood beside the fair fading form in which the lofty and loving spirit of Duns tan's wife had dwelt for its few earthly years. "You saw her living," she whispered to AmabeL " Yes, I was here a few hours before. I heard her last words. They were very feeble, but quite distinct—' Thou shalt have no other gods but Me.'" There was a long silence. Then Laura asked— " How does he bear it ?" "I did not think he could have felt so much about anything." " Poor fellow 1" Laura laid rich roses on the pillow by the side of the fair calm face that would never shrink with pain from the thought of her any more, and went away back to England. "She was worth a million of me," thought Lanra, as she caught the last glimpse of the Bay of the Angels, and the sun was shining on the sea as if winter and wreck were not, " and Robert was worth a million of Edward Dunstan; and yet they are gone, and we are left Why ? Ah me, why ? Bat it did not come to Laura's mind that Eerhaps just that difference of value may ave furnished the why. In the wide Bhady verandah of John Sandi lands's bungalow, which has quite a comfort able, not to say elegant, appearance, in these later days, when Julia, who requires some thing more of her abode than space and shelter, rules there well and wisely, a party of three are enjoying the cool and scented evening air. It is a year after the events which are now a tale that is told. The party is composed of John Sandilands, Julia, and Mr. Gilchrist, who has the liveliest regard for these young people, and is happily con vinced that they would not go "home" if they had made their fortune. Mr. Gilchrist, arrayed in a suit of white almost too spotless for belief, is walking up and down .the verandah with a springy and juvenile step, and his face is rippling all over with smiles. John and Julia are ensconced in their re spective big Ceylon chairs, and a basket-table laden with letters and newspapers stands between them. " Read it out again for me, my dear," says' Mr. Gilchrist, coming to a standstill by Julia's side, 'though it is all in her own letter, and how she wore my poor coral on the happy occasion, I should like to hear1 it read out again." Julia smilingly complied— " On the 9th inst, at St. Stephen's Church, South Kensington, London, by the Rev. Charles Cathcart, vicar of St. Mary's, Wold, Snffolk, Sir Wilfrid Esdaile, Baronet, to Amabel, only daughter of Claudius Ainslie, Esq., of the Chantry, near Bury, Snffolk." Amabel was married from my cousin's bouse in Prince's-gardena, you know," added Julia. "Very nice, indeed, very nice," said Mr. GilchriBt; "only Ainslie might have hinted at Mb 30 years as a civil servant in it. ' Late of Bombay' would have been graceM,; 1 think. However, that's a matter of. taste. The matter of fact is, that the best gin in the world has got a husband almost worthy {of her. The second time he came out, 1 felt sure it would be all right with Tom Esdaile's boy." And Mr. Gilchrist walked off, and smoked many congratulatory cheroots among the oleanders. , "John," said Julia, after they had boith been silent for some time, "do yon think Jstjy will ever marry him? Do yon he will ever ask her t" '' I don't biow. I don't thinlr. Not lor many «.day, if ever." " And then, suppose each of them should come to contrast the other with a vanished' figure?" " Not mnch fear ot that, my dear. They would be -very happy, I should say adafir ably suited, andr^ hiis always tobelucfr she would be just a little too good for him.-"c "You are just a little hard on Curtain Dunstan, as I nsed to be. No, John, the only two persons absolutely matches ]ia! feeling and m purpose, whom I pave ever known, were Janet and Mr. Thornton. And they never even met," " Of couom they did not. What would you have? But Janet never would have been happy, for she must always have looked in human nature for what is not in it, and expected from the world what it has not to give." " We are very happy, John!" said Julia, with a little remonstrance in her tone. "Very, my dear love, as happy as we can be. But life, as Janet dreamed of life, and love as Janet would have had love, means heaven, and heaven is not here." THE END. 