ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 4, 1879, THE senior member for the Kennedy (Mr. Stubley) has made his mark. On Tues- day last he spoke over a dozen columns of Hansard. The delivery of this flood of matter must have occupied consider- ably over two hours, and it must be admitted by every reader that if honorable members failed to get quality there was more than abun- dance' in quantity. Mr. Stubley has evidently a considerable practical knowledge of mining work, and his criticism of the Mining Bill may be allowed to have a certain value. It was plain (rom the outset, however, that he was much animated by two motives dislike to Mr. Macrossan and self interest. Mr. Stubley is, as he re- peatedly informed the House, a large employer of labour on the gold-fields, and he, as is not uncommon with em- ployers everywhere, is troubled at the proposal to legislate against inadequate appliances and want of care in jiçing them. The Mining Bill has for its object the safety of the working miner, and the ensuring to him of compensation in case of accident and injury through no fault of his own. Whether Mr. Stubley comprehends the principles of the bill or not it is difficult to decide. His attack was entirely in regard to the details, and some of his criticism was childish. He objected to the appointment of a mining inspector because the Governor-in-Council might appoint a man who knew nothing about his business. Of course that is a risk to be encountered in all appointments requiring special or technical knowledge. Mr. Stubley thinks that if the monstrous power of appoint- ment were entrusted to Ministers they might select "a jackaroo, a sailor, or even a Chinaman to inspect valuable property." Mr. Stubley argues that the employers of mining labour are now responsible for their actions, and have consideration for the safety of the fellow-creatures in their employ ; but if inspectors of mines and machinery be appointed the responsibility will be taken off the employer. This is the old slave-driver's plea, as well as the musty argument of the employing class for ages past. Yet the master's interest in his fellow-creatures proved a poor protection to the slave, and the same consideration has been quite inadequate to protect the lives of out fellow-countryir^^jyijiafc mother country. ( Thaa^neMHK^^Q ?the, hisTOiy, 9ÍÍta¡r3y^^^^^^^^^| stainedbyJMHÉH^^^^^^^^^^I and saieTyor^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H by the oPP^^LaV^^^HHHI ment of the BritishfactoTyoperSHg Mr. Stubley was shocked at the idea' that "Any accident occurring in a mine shall be prima /ade evidence that auch accident occurred through some negligence on the part of the owner or defeot in tile appliances of the mine." A man ignorant of mining, he said, might blow himself up with powder, in which case the owner would be accused of murdering the man. But suth accusa- tion would be ridiculous, and the object of the clause is palpable. It affirms a principle recognised by the laws of Great Britain as well as by those of Victoria, despite the assertion of Mr. Griffith to the contrary, and experience teaches the desirableness of such a provision. Both employers and employed display almost habitual carelessness ot danger which, if not actually criminal, is morally unjusti- fiable. The clause requires, therefore, that the owner shall prove in case of accident that he was not negligent and that the appliances were not defective. With regard to the provision that no boy under fourteen years and no female shall be employed in any mine, Mr. Stubley objects, because out of charity he has employed boys of eleven at a whim, when their parents were drunkards, and also because every boy ought to go to school until the age of fifteen. But we cannot follow Mr. Stubley through his lengthened speech. The whole gist ot his remarks was that the bill would hamper the employer. As a man who has been most of his life a working miner, and who is now the representative of miners, one would have expected cordial approval from him of the proposal to apply here legislation which has elsewhere been deemed 'absolutely necessary for the safety of the working miner. But Mr. Stubley is a man who has been elevated to his position too suddenly to enable him to understand that an employer has duties and obli- gations as well as rights. He, we fear, like many other professedly Liberal politicians, is liberal only when his per- sonal interests are untouched. After Mr. Stubley followed two Oppo- sition members, both of whom cordially approved of the bill while objecting to some of its details. Then came Mr. Douglas, who wished the bill referred to a Select Committee, the only objection to which course was the probability that by such means a necessary measure would be lost. Mr. Griffith and his colleague, Mr. Garrick, of course found the bill entirely wrong from a legal point of view, but after the wide differences disclosed on the following evening between these a.nd other lawyers of the House in regard to the motion levelled at Mr. Beor, their objections to the Mines Regulation Bill will not, we should think, be allowed much weight. Mr. Macrossan was evidently prepared with an able vindication of his measure, and whether it RO to a Select Committee or not, wc trust nothing will occur to ^prevent It, after certain modi- fications,!'from becoming law. Mr. Griffith says that it involved new and complicated, legislation, which is true enough to the extent that it is new in this colony.' But it has been tried and proved useful in the other colonies and the mother country, so that the Assembly need not be alarmed at the responsi- bility* it ¡fleurs in passing the measure. Of course Ministers are at a great dis- advantage'in Parliament at the present time. They have no legal adviser there, and they are confronted by the ablest lawyer in the colony. Yet, when the* public reflect on the serious short- comings of Mr. Griffith's own much vaunted Acts, we think they will be inclined to look with suspicion upon his purely legal objections. The Insolvency Act of 1874 and the Local Government Act of 1878 are the best specimens of Mr. Griffith's legislative skill, and it .is not a little remarkable that everyone who attempts to work under either of those measures speaks loudly in their condem- nation. Mr. Griffith has proved himself a keen and deep-searching critic, but he is evidently a very partial success as a legislator. In introducing his bill, Mr. Macrossan stated that, on the Queensland Gold- fields, out of a total of 170 accidents 43 deaths had resulted ; 64 accidents had resulted in serious injuries, and 63 cases in slight injuries. Surely this must be deemed to justify legislation, and surely Mr. Stubley, as a gold- fields member, might have been expected to accord the bill a kindly reception instead of meet- ing it with unreasoning denunciation. THE conduct of the Government in reference to the tender* for dredge* ha* been roughly censured byvthe Opposition, who have not hesitated to «présent it in a light anyth'mgbut creditable to Ministers. Mr. Douglas, who is invariably courteous to opponents, has not been able to resist the temptation to make political capital ont of this business, and in the Assembly on the 29th ultimo be availed himself of the opportunity afforded by a motion for adjournment to ask the Premier whether be intended to do anything more in connection with accepting tender* in the colony for building the two dredges, in order to find employment for the men who had been "dismissed at Ipswioh for their incompetency. A statement-whether true or not he contd not say-had obtained currency in the press that there had been no intention on the part of Messrs. Smellie and Co. to make any alteration in their original offer, bot that they had been moved to do so by the entreaties of the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government. The hon. gentleman, they were told, had been himself in communi- cation with Messrs. Smellie and Co., to induce them to amend their offer." Mr. Douglas then ventures on the presumption that this pretty story is true, and proceeds, in the interests of his constituents, to ask, "Does the hon. gentleman propose to approach any other capitalists in the colony for instance, Messrs. Walker and Go.," to get the other dredge under contract. Of course he was somewhat doubtful as to whether îonld be taken in this way, much a ion of works beyond their power," thus making theexeontion of ordinary work more difficult. The Premier, in reply, said he had never stated that he had induced Messrs. Smellie to take a contract' anywhere. .No one had been more astonished than himself at the lukewarmness which had been shown by local firms in not tendering for the dredges. One of the officers of the depart- ment had received a letter from Messrs. Smellie and Co. declining to tender at first, and it was only at the last moment that they had been induced to tender at all. Their inquiries were made at the office in such a lukewarm way that he was arider the impression-which im- pression was confirmed by Mr. Nisbet-that they would rather not take the work at all. So far from his having indurad them to take the work-an unbusinesslike course which he would not be found engaged in-Messrs. Smellie and Company, finding that, employ- ment was scarcer, and that they could get better hand* at a cheaper rate, had aeen reasons to modify their opinions. They said they could not only do the work at a cheaper Tate, but also do it in a shorter time, and had. put a further proposition before him, which he accepted. As to approaching Messrs. Walker, he did not mean to do any- thing of the sort, or to induce any firm to tender for that or any other work. This answer completely refuted the absurd report which had been put in circulation on this subject, but Opposition members were not satisfied, and Mr. Beattie attempted to justify the report by stating that he had beard it himself from Messrs. Smellie direct. This drew forth frons that firm a letter which appeared in Saturday's Courier, as follows : "81B,-Some politicians must have very vivid imaginations. Mr. Beattie ia reported in Hansard to have said in the House last night ' that he called on Smellie and Co. this day week-(which would be May 22)-to get some information, and they told him at that time they knew nothing about any approach having been made by the Ministry, and were very indignant that their tender was not ac Mr. Beattie must have drawn largely on his imagination when he made this statement as a matter of fact. Mr. Beattie called upon us on Saturday morning, May 17, and merely asked, supposing the dredge was built in the colony, how many tons of material would be re- quired to be imported ; how many workmen would be employed on the work, and the pro- bable amount in wages that would be circu- lated here during its construction. These questions were answered in as many words, which ended the conversation with us. We expressed no opinion whatever about the Ministry or about the dredge contractas we are not in the habit of revealing any negotia- tion that may be pending in connection with our business, and from that date till now we hare never seen Mr. Beattie, nor had any communication with him. The statements made by Mr. M'Hwraith during the same debate represent truly the facts of the case." So much for the Premier having entreated a local firm to modify their tender to afford the Government a pretext for accepting it, and thuB conciliate the public on the eve of a critical election. It is gratifying to learn that Messrs. Smellie will be able, in consequence of this work, to give employment to all tho competent hands dismissed from the railway workshops at Ipswich-ns for the incompe- tents, they must take their chance and find their own level. It was stated hy Mr. M'Hwraith that tbs dredge for which the tender had been accepted was intended for the Brisbane Biver. We may add that the two were provided for in the loan authorised last year, to the extent of £20,000 for each ; and the second dredge is intended for the I Fitzroy Biver. We hope soon to hear that a tender has bean accepted for this dredge also. 'CARLTON'S Ghost" again appeared last' night at the Behool of Arts in spite of tbe wet weather, and was ss mystifying as ever. Daring its short stay in town the entertain- ment is likely ta prove popular. THE unfavourable weather last night had a j bad effect on the attendance at the Theatre, where "The Lancashire Lass" waa repeated. To-night the celebrated comedy of "Our | Boys " is to be produced-a drama interest- ing and amusing from beginning to end. THE friends of the Bev. J. W. Henry will read with interest the following item from the j W. B. Newt of Saturday, May 31 ¡-The Rev. J. W. Henry, pastor of the Congregational Churoh in Rockhampton for several years, is 1 expected to arrive in Maryborough to-day by the s.s. Keilawarra. Mr. Henry comes nnder the auspices of the Congregational Missionary Committee for the purpose of taking np his abode in town, and forming a congregation in connection with the body to whioh he | belongs. Om Rolleston correspondent, writing on ! the 2nd instant, says:-6000 sheep passed through here on the 28th May from Jimbour I station, near Dalby, in charge of Mr. Maguire. They are on their way to Tamala station, near | Cometville, and appear to be in good con- dition,-On Monday and Tuesday, we had heavy rains with cold piercing winds.-For I i some unexplained cause £10) per annum has ] been taken from the teacher's salary. I trust I it will be found that there is a mistake, as a man receiving only £70 a-year cannot very I conveniently submit to a reduction.-Mr. Josephson, the manager of Albinia Downs I station, is about to leave here. His gentle- manly conduct has earned for him the good j will of the residents, who heartily wish him success. TBS Central District sittings were resumed yesterday morning at ten o'clock, before His Honor Judge Blake. The further hearing of the case against. Samuel Louis Prince for committing breaches of the Disolvency Act, was proceeded with until Shortly after three, when, at the aonolnaion of his Honor's summing up, the jury retired, and, not agree- ing, were locked up for the night.. The re- mainder of the afternoon was occupied by the case against two Polynesians-"Tommy" Thomson and "Charlie"-indicted for having assaulted a Chinasse dealer named Sing Yen Wah. Much amusement was afforded by the interpretation of the evidence to the prisoners, I and eventually a verdict of guilty of common assault wea recorded. Tbe prisoners were then sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Rockhampton Gaol. The special turora are required to attend this morning. The following causes are set down for tris! by [jury:-Peter Bookley 'e. Thomas Ryan, I moneys owing, £68 8s.; Richard Neville v. William BeU and: wife, hire of a pianoforte, ! £81; J. W. Cragg ». R, S. G. Macdonald, j damages, £88; W. E. Peberdy e. W. Clark, writ of inquiry. This ossa is sent from the : Supreme Court for assessment ot damsges, £20; F. Lambert c. H. Milford, cash lent, £42 12s. THE Courier contains a lengthened report of the celebration of Moore's Centenary in Bris- bane on Wednesday evening, May 29. The proceedings began .by a musical and literary entertainment at the School of Arts, His Ex- cellency Sir Arthur Kennedy and Hie Right Rev. Dr. O'Quinn beingpresent. The musical programme selected included the gems of Moore's beautiful melodies, the exquisite music being excellently rendered by the ladies and gentlemen who kindly volunteered to interpret it. The entertainment was con- cluded by the recitation of the Moore Cen- tenary Ode, specially written for the occasion by Mrs. Hope Connelly, a lady well known to many as a contributor some years since to Irish lyrical literature under the norn de plume of " Thomasine.", The concluding stanzas of the ode are : True hard of our land, shall we ever forget The bright wreath en the brow of our mother thon'it sett In her chains and 'hst grief she was dear to thy heart, And thy glory shall jrtlU of her fan» be a part. Farewell, gentle minstrel 1 though fir o'er th« sea, From the land of thy lore her true children are we ; And as long as our race ate brave, grateful, and pots, Shall be honour and praise to the memory of Moore. After the concert about fifty gentlemen sat down to supper in the large room in the Royal Hotel, the Hon. E. I. O'Doherty, M.L.C., presiding, and Mr. Fitzgibbon filling the vice-chair. The Chairman made a very eloquent and appropriate speech, the concluding portion of which we subjoin: "Moore was an accurate interpreter of our ancient music, as far as he could be so when rendering it through the medium of an alien tongue. There is not an air amongst the 'Melodies,' however intractable it may be in its Celtic wildness, of which he has not been able to seize at least the leading idea and embody it in his immortal verse. He was truly a ' son of the soil ' in the fullest sense of the word, even amidst the unfavourable circumstances in which he was placed. Had he been peasant-born like Burns, instead of being surrounded by the influence of ' genteel society,' he would not have lacked the robust manliness and stern independence of the Scottish poet. I seem to speak as an apologist of Moore when I only desire to speak of him as one whose fame is placed on too sound a' basis to require any championship from me.' His sympathies were always with the party who struggled for the freedom of Ireland, and some of his dearest friends were amongst the men whose lives were afterwards forfeited in her "cause. Who can forget the touching anecdote he relates of how he sang to Robert Emmett his splendid chant, 'Let Erin re- member the days of old ! ' and as he sang, the young patriot, starting from his seat, ex- claimed, 'Oh, that I were at the head of 20,000 men, marching to that air in the cause of fatherland.' We are here to-night, gentle- men, to recognise his genius, and in our common bond of sympathy with our country- men in distant lands Jo do it bono nr. I pro- pose with heartfelt reverence 'The Memory of Tom Moore.' " The toast was honoured in solemn silence, and was followed by several others. Mr. JuliuBThomas, ¡'The Vagabond,'. sang "The wearing of the green." "On the whole," says our contemporary, "the Mooro centenary celebration, -was f very successful OBS ; both musical programme and supper being most enjoyable, and it having boen attended by the poet's compatriota of all ranks) classes, and creeds, all of srhom wen effusive in testifying their admiration for the man whose genius had shed lustre on their race and nation." TBS Volunteer Quadrille Assembly meet this evening, at eight o'olock, in the Odd- fellows'Hall. . ?. THE asnal monthly meeting, of the Com- mittee of the Benevolent Society will be held this afternoon, at four o'clock. MR. THOMA« TASKER FAOIKX, manager of the Commercial Banking ' Company, Book hampton, was sworn in as a magistrate of the territory before His Honor Judge Blake, yes- terday. THE public meeting in connection wj^hthe Primitive Methodist Sunday School, that was announced to be held last «vening, .did not take place owing to the very inclement state of the weather. The ' adjourned meeting, we bear, will be held on Thursday evening. "TBE Resident Manager of Messrs. White- head, and. Company's Fitzroy Steam Boiling Works announces by advertisement that , on and after the expiration of present oontract»,, the Company's plant for the manufacture of Extract of Meat will no longer be' open to. the public. But boiling down will be carried ch as hitherto at current rates. TENPKKB for the erection pf Custom House and Land Office, St. Lawrence, were opened at the Works Office, Brisbane, on the 30th ultimo. There were three in all, as follow« tr* Mr. S. Rogers, jun., £584, to complete work in seven months from date ot acceptance of tender i Mr. T. Watson, for £866, to oompleto in seven months ; and Messrs. A- Doosey and Son, for £548, to complete in six months. ÁT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, "Tommy^ Thomson kori "Charlie," South Sea Islanders on remand, whre charged with assaulting Bing Yen' Wah' with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, and committed for trial. Tb« evidence taken before the Bench waa similar td that reported in the trial of the prisoners before Hit Honor Judge Blake, by whom they were sentenced to one month's imprisonment. IT is stated in the Brisbane papers that four tenders have been received by the Govern- ment for the construction of the fourth section of the Central Railway—twenty-seven miles, extending to 197 miles, at Retreat Creek, The tenders are Mr.. J. Swaddling, Messrs. O'Rourke and M'Sharry, Messrs. Fountain Brothers, and Mr. J. Ferguson. The tenders were opened at the office of the Tender Secretary for Works on the 30th ultimo, and a late telegram states that that of Messrs. O'Rourke and M'Sharry bas been adopted, at £52,754. , Wi see that Mr. M'Lean has obtáine^l¿lVe' to introduce again in the Legislative Aasijmjjly his" bill to enable owners and occapiera.of property in certain districts, townsbips, j*nd cities, to prohibit the oommon saJjPl^ntoö' eating liquors within such distri^J^wnshipaj and «¡ties."' One might Jutve^lujrposed that the provisions inj«|tóí"ifE»l to'Amend the Licensing Ao^ted,,^^ivision»l Boards Bill, both Govi^sin^ tSeasnros and a^eady before the Hoase, were sufficient to. satisfy «fl r*e«soi»b)« demands for répressive ». 'ii1 .' -'?.: '"i ' i-i-j. ids of _,.. ites, entrust rlWa Special Board, ana siso provides means for preventing.Öu}as«^ of adulterated liqapr* i whilst the olj>»^isbji*|tt%ai^tettsed pnblioanb for election'a^lgsg^^^t^vi)iia|al Boards, and ¿ives vSmíiSS^nt^''*ó ht annually the maximum 4¡nlnife^;j|í^Wi¿i^' licenses to be granted in their? , own district This will s*t. ..rHdi^Ä'i.^JS» option/; a. fair. ptUL¡^m Jp the event tff a successful 'issue, its application «nay be extended so al to embrace dearly the whole colony by giving a similajr jpower to Municipal and Shire (if there be any) Councils. "The Government have, we consider, fairly,Antici- pated Mr. M'Lean, so far as,, legislation against the sale of spirituous liquors may for |fhe present be advisedly undertaken, and under these circumstances we cannot see what possible good the re-introduction of the Per- missive Bill can effect, unless it be to ensure a thorough discussion of the question in its manifold bearings. THE VOLUNTEEBS. - We understand that Parliament will shortly be asked to make pro- vision for the appointments in connection with the Volunteer force recommended by Colonel Soratchley, in his third Progress Report, which has just been presented to Parliament. This report recommends the appointment of a military commander for five years, at a salary of £760 per annum, and to be selected by the Imperial military authorities ; also the ap- pointment of an infantry adjutant, to be approved of by the commandant, and pro- bably to be selected in England, from amongst sergeant-majors qualified to act in the capacity adjutants and musketry instructors. It is understood that the present Commandant, Lieutenant-Colonel J. M'DonneM, will retire on his rank as soon as a military successor is appointed, or sooner, should his duties in con- nection with the Post Office demand it. Telegraph. THE DREDGE TENDERS.-We (Telegraph) understand that since the question of dredge tenders was under the consideration of the Government, & week or two' «ince, communi- cations have been in progress between Messrs. Smellie and Co., the , jjowost Queensland tenderers, and 'the 'Colomal^Treaaurer, with the view to a re-consideration of the decision arrived at by the Cabinet. Notification of the aooeptance of Messrs, Simons' tender was con- sequently held over pending a final decision, ana we have now reason to believe that Messrs) Smellie and Co., in the belief that the ekillfc labour %t their command will be greater than was anticipated when their tender was sent in,' have reduced the time asked to carry «dtjthe contract, thus removing the chief obstacle to the acceptance nf their tender. For various -sound reasons .the Go- vernment were always prepared to pay a higher price for work done in the colony, but time waa deemed a matter of much importance in river improvements that they could not see their way to accept any local tender for the dredge. a MOB« ABOUT CITRUS. - Admiral Hornby, one of the men of the highest reputation (modern, in the naval servioe in England, bears warm testimony to the importance of Cyprus from a strategical point of view. He says :-"The opinion I hate been led to form is that a harbour might be formed at Fama gousta, at a small expense, which would shelter more ironclads than the grand harbour at Malta, and where they might coal with great facility. Captain Harry H. Rawson, of the Minotaur, proposes to make a breakwater for about a mile along the shoals. If this were done, fourteen ironclads, might moor under its shelter outside the five-fathom line, with a pood bottom, and at a distance of one cable apart. The grand harbour at Malta affords similar moorings for only nine ironclads, but they are only three.quarters of a cable apart. If the inner harbour at Famagousta were dredged ont, which it appears it may be, to a I depth of 24 feet, a basin of eighty acres weald ' be obtained for mercantile purpose*." Soclk- :] AgVjf the position of Famsgonita, AáSUSfú ; Hornby remarks :-" It must «trike' the fls/e of every Beaman. Situated 250 miles train'' . the "entrance of the Suez Canal, the maritime power which holds it tnnst always command that important highway, while at less than half that distance from the open roadsteads of the Syrian and Karamanian coasts, Acre, Bey rout, Tripoli, ' Latakieh, Alexandretta, tc., it would seem that' the 'whole trade'.of .those coasts must be drawn to the only port which can offer thia perfeot shelter, and the facilities for rapid loading and discharge whioh/sner chant ships require." MESSAGE most THE 8POUT WORLD.-The following account of a apiritualipbic seance, held on Saturday evening last is given us by a gentleman, who. bolds a good position in thii city. Our informant says that pp Queen's Birth- day he went'to'Newtown td « friend's house, where he spent the evening. While there a circle Was formed, and the party'comprised,onr'< informant, his friend, anil a gentleman from the oountry,.aod a young lady, wno, for ftenouce, is called Mary, and her beau, Smith. Conversation with the'spiritual world was quickly obtained, and the table suddenly standing on end, suddenly fell into the lap of the gentleman from the country, who was evidentl) to be the medium. It may be here remarked that the medium ?'? was a perfect stranger to the beau of Mary, ¡ and ' was not aware that any intimacy existed between them. After some, formal- questions land (answers, a very startling message ', came from the spirit world. Not the least strange line1 from the spirits was the one 'referring to the Tichborne claimant. It was interpreted ftps Souper is the real' claimant 'of thc Tichhorne case. He is still aUve, and is now living in Ireland, in Dublin county. Souper went from Hobart Town to Wellington, in New Zealand. Ho left Hobart Town in 1864." This, our informant; states, is as the spirits dictated. ' It is to be hoped Mr. ' Eckford will move for a parliamentary inquiry into these manifesta tions.-Stun. ACOKSIDEBATS IriSOLVENT.-The following is taken from fte Kapunda fleraty i-rfVScvaral tradesmen of Kapunda were unfortunate enough some time ago to be creditors in the insolvent «state: .of i Mr.. Georgs. Teasdale, farmer, &c.;"of the Hundred of Anna. Mr. Teasdale, finding his liabilities sion than Ju could bear, Bonght the paternal protection of the Insolvent Court, and was duly put thron'gn, his creditors being, as'fer'as'we can learn, neither tba wises nor the riebst *>r th» I occur- rence. One of Mr. Teasdale's creditors has pat into cowhands a.circnlar containing lone ol^ fte most unique proposals it hu ever'been our lot to see. It is so good and so innocent that we cannot Téfraiñ from giving it in full, óf Conree omitting fte name of the tradesman to' -whom it is addressed. It is as follows i-f Anna, April 28/ lSn.^Mr. -¡-i Dear' Sir,'-I am now trying to set np a raffle for the sole bene- fit of <nV weditorai,-.!»« raffle consists tf'a diamond set of broach «nd saipngi, worth between £30 or £40. Every share you choose to take.will be £1 off what I owe von.-I remaM^BUrs faithfnlly, G EOBOE TEASDALE. 7\. S.^BKlyat once, tte Teasdale, insolvent. ^^K^KaflÉP -r ')nfft m f*"' tî.% Ton prop^sVrbïjlSMSole benefit of your crediton. Signature.*" We may say, that. M,far. aawe are Sware, sUj|g£Teasdslé's creditors in Kapunda ave 'wnvw a'sistílár circular to the above, jliand tbKqèwisn naturally asked by them is, 1 'What's"the move!' and if Mr. Teasdale fl ? possessed of a ' diamond set of brooch and ear- rings, worth between £30 or £40,' why did he not deliver them up for the benefit of his creditors f Tb» ere^ifan,. we believe, require a little further inforniatjpri before investing." SUICIDE OF ÖTEVESB.-A dreadful case of suioiae ww^discoVsMd this morning (says the Brisbane Telegraph ot the 28th ultimo) it^l^énï^no^S^^^^eîlKïi Sydney to éndeavou'r' to find employment , under ft* i^c*tí« t)Bparfci*nt Was ÏOnnd in his room, with bis throat ont, perfectly dead. 1 The unfortunate man. tad formerly been em -uiiyj »m m ??itaaj'-tefaciiMr. at .Manango, and had been in lb# Spirits aldba his arrival. He had been heasdi^. impress t» ¡-wish that be could return to his family. Thia morning, when aaarvatat wont tc ea» him, no response 1 -wasf given to the susrabris, abd, >oni|eokirjg i into tire 'room, through * sky'right, he' was i seen lying «sj th» bed Mudad with Mood. The police were communicated with, and the door was forced open, when ft became evident that he must bave been dead some hours. Soma bottles of oholbrbkryne were found, which had been apparently emptied into a tumbler . and consumed, with the exception of about a teaspoonful, while the razor with which the i SeWrS^péra^u^a^Mrtifi ? of promotion***;.-ware^onjrf.j.a^-Hobbs Sj m» I *SpUÊ/$ pronounced that .death Aras ii 'Musedte^uJ«Tere,8a,h, under $ie Jefkear. ' which lraifHred 'all the arteries. 'There is little doubtihat the unhappy man Was insane ? .** ffiffinajptel?» idead,. . - A > letter was ¡ found whinh stttftalnat the. writer wss not mad, irat)^JjFpjtfjMb' As,a,student of Hnxlsy, . rntilfe rttlps, ? he ihad ooma; tn Abe conclusion , that man Was' simph/. tba *flex .of,,¿hs ¿animal t kingdom, and thsMtherofore when tired of life be had a perfect right to leave it when he, chose, and that he waa aware that his body Twouhi -PW brio varions i gasBS/and/;b»«»me part of the cosmstp whole,,. It also stated that he merely wrote the letter so that there should be np misconception «s;to.how IradiscL, ¡ ir j y i - A: LxaigLAToB, ix1 Tawan*.-'! A Bois .tnian " in the. .TWeprop*' Says t-lt it''tot all honour and glory when«, man nets to bs a member of the, Legislativ» Assembly. He has griefs and diaapppointments to endure. Very ' grievous ones too, sometimes. I heard of such -ft caje. finist^tS'Other _d*y.."Á jnajnherj'JuO 1 keeps a public house, had his license refused by the licensing Bench on, fte ground I sup- pose, of the landlord not bein* able trottend to bis legislative duties and attend to his 1 liquor shop 4s well. . Anyway the license was refused while he was down hare in Parliament. His wife sent him a telegram, informing him 1 of the sad news, and imploring him to see the "Government" and get them to make the magistrates giant a license. The poor .«an , took that telegram to the' Colonial Secretary, i and «eked him in a most humble and plaintive i scanner to «ea him righted.. I)p you think the i Colonial Secretary would do anything of the kind! Not a bit of it. H« did (nt* eran sympathise with the poor publican. I ssas not present .at the 'interview myaeifi. bat ; I am assured on very good authority that Mr. Palmer was inclined to be crusty with the man,-«nd not only told Um'that tie'could do nothing whatever towards getting him a license for lui publio house,-'fat (saver Jbim his blessing in a very brusque fashion, and told him to go to Heaven, and not come bothering him-or words tri that effect. Now, would yan have 'thought the Colonial -Secre- tary could have bees «o unfeeling to a member of the Assembly who. wss in trouble, and needed his assistance'! 'The' man is in dread and fear that his constituents, the iocs! Licensing Bench included, want to make a Good Templar of him against his will. He says ho don't feel goodenough for a Good Templar-only just about equal to getting his living by selling liquor, and yet they will not let him do it. They have taken hw license away. Ia not this intolerable tyranny ! Why, th« Colonial Sec- retary muBt have a heart as cold as a cabbage, to refuse redress. The man has, I believe, been in the habit of impressing upon his wife's mind the great Importance of berni? a member of Parliament, and boasting of the power and influence possessed by those who enjoy that high distinction, shutting her up and sitting upon her, in fact, whenever she only hinted an objection to his fooling away bis time down at Brisbane attending Parliament, instead of at ? tending to his own bar. Now he has lost his license, and has not power and influence enough to get it back again. If he don't catch it when be gets home again, I am no judge of womankind. And he will get it worse because he is a " Liberal," and votes against the Government. My advice to that hon. member is not to go home again until he has a license either for his old house or some ofter. ño the meantime bl jnight get a Select Com mtteáto ihrjjiire iaS hia case, and bring np a * WiriV-fitmJplwre SOOT.-A squatting gentiemanaFHOPCameros clan, who prides Tiinuelf on his knowledge of sheep and of haring been brooght op amongst them, wa« lately driving a brother Scot to a neighbour' ing station. Nearing their destination they ^fé^^d^^m^rol^in^ a^ínfof conclusive dogmatism. " Birds," asseverated his more keekslghksd tarjmjMauot.V. r JJsttjM a p^nd tb'e^re^^u^a^^d^bo^^^^srPS^i 'jost observed a figure *^Â^^oTKsÇf^J friend couldn't tee. and be took tobe . shep---. Wd.r' ''Pm'o^'Us^onMl Mr»¡rí*f %fe " 'bad observed one of MaT'SsW tarfc^Wralr. On nearer aMirojeoJu übe »#>sTOtarop».<flpi>ald i discovered the sheep to be nat^ .wnaajons, ¡and his, beguiler .(the sb*phsc|).j^aprâ«row. placed to Irighten , maripdtpi birru trotn a ; cultivaron' ''rSíoclJ^^ir^ tói^ied^e whisky together that avHuWlMt the same. 