f>TJR PARIS LETTER. 6M OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Paris, November 22nd. are a Zulu difficulty, which has not fun to the dignity of a Cabinet ques nd which the transitory passago across <n route for Madrid, of the poor ex !SS has not been able to appease. The artists will not tolerate a representa f Zulu habits and customs by friendly ffes, and the Republicans insist that, this 3; a land of liberty, the tawny warriors a be allowed to indulge in their Pyrrhic sees. The Empress Eugenie, by the fow ) saw her through her tears and weeds, eclared to be a wreck, a bent and broken ring old woman. The French are not el, despite all the rnin she was the instro lt of creating, by forcing her worn-out band to make an iniquitous war against many; those who recognised her as she {Missed respectfully took off their bats. How- ' over, it is customary to salute the dead. She was kept in view by a squad of detec tive officers, just as if her load of sorrows jwas contraband, or that politics had now for her the ghost of an attraction. She was only accorded the privilege that any political exile could claim, of being allowed, on the score of humanity, or the dire necessity of private affairs, a free pass for a fixed period —a truce as it were against the sentence of the Code, or reasons of State. If a proof were needed as to the stability of the present form of Government, the quasi-private banquet just held by the Royalists of Vendee is conclusive. Tolerated by the authorities, protected by a Republican police, some 800 individuals met to denounce the Republic, exalt the Count do Chambord, summon up the reminiscences of civil war, and display every kind of factious banner. The tri-color alone was absent. The culi- | nary protestations are harmless: havingjno longer the command of the avenues to power and place, the grip which the Royalists had on the populations of a few districts is getting relaxed. The peasantry show evi dence that the scales are dropping from their eyes. The Liberal journals "arrive in the wake of the lay teachers, new railroads, deepened water-ways, and ameliorated ] routes. There is a great " levelling up " in operation. The first snow has arrived, wicked and dry, not unpleasant, saved for the aged who have to go abroad, and the poor, who have no firesides. Charity is quietly doing its work, and, I learn from several sources, more effectually than heretofore, because its distribution has been handed over to local committees of laymen. The Mayor's office is the proper place to confide donations, aud responsible unpaid agents make, at present, house to house collections for the suffering. This is independent of the sums raised by striking a tax of some ten per cent, on the receipts of places of amusements. There is no pauperism in Frauce, for parents, when they arrive at the age oPjGo, can legally com pel their children to contribute to their sup port, at the rate of five or six sous per day. The result is that children combine, and ob tain, for a fixed yearly payment, a comfort- I able home in a well-kept hospice for their parents, and amour propre. i3 thus, at the same time, upheld. These hospices are con ducted cheaply, as the nuns manage them, a guarantee that nothing shall bo found | wanting under the heads of order and cleau iness. The municipal councillors agitate a pro position that they be paid for their services, which, if important, are not so onerous, but I thatthey could bo discharged gratuitously ; the membershavedread decreed themselvesa j medal, insignia of office, and which has Hb effect on their housemaids, and shop boys— in China a peacock's feather would mark the dignity. Less opposition iB expressed at the j intention to make convents anu monasteries j pay rent for their establishments, like Dick, Tom, or 'Arry ; at present they are not sub ject to taxation, and where the city is the landlord, they are exempted from quarter days. This intention executed, the budget of the city, already so proverbially plethoric, would be augmented by nearly a quarter of a million of francs, which sum would be de voted to establishing and maintaining lay schools. What's the use of a French employer hold ing out against a strike J Is it for form's sake, or to save appearances ? Strikes here arrive with the regularity of new moons ; each trade has its turn regulated in advance; the workman " hangs up de shovel and de hoe " at an hour fixed, and waits till the mountain, in the shape of the employer, comes to him, which is generally so; the master then methodically adds on to bills | the extra price necessary to cover his increased outlay, so that the public in the end pays, and like tho eels, becoming nsed to skinning, cease to complain. I think all political economy— with due respect to Adam Smith, Mill, Faucett, and Say—iscomprisedinthe maxim of Hndibras, " The value of a thing is just as much as it will bring." The bakers have won along the whole line, their staff of life is strong—45f. a week, bread and wine in cluded—for they have to work semi-naked, and thirst is consequently excusable. Pa risians were in sympathy with the bakers, for nowhere in the world is bread better mado than in this city: tho bakers ap pear to be artists; look at the forms, the golden and white colors they give to rolls and loaves ; yon feel an appetite on entering a French bakery, with its marble counter, floor, and shelves, its shining brass racks, and comfortable look—for few bakers ever figure in the list of bankruptcies. The bread is toothsome ana aigestiDie, not tne horrible lamps of warmed dough to be met within the rural districts, to which Nor wegian cakes are superior, although these be flat, strung on a cord like Chinese corn, and suspended from a blackened roof, and have a few months' trapeze acquaintance with flies, similar to Dutch hung beef. It is remarked, that it is since three thousand years after the appearance of the Iliad that we have only known how to make bread. To accomplish the latter well, Voltaire, I think it is, re marks, is the sign of intellectual and moral superiority of a people. Formerly the lady of tho honse made it a point to make bread as proof of her authority. Abraham so far interfered in household affairs as to dictate to Sarah the quantity of meal to employ, and he had plenty of servants, not forgetting that maid of all work— pour tout fairt Hagar. The Greeks were bakers with the Romans— they had more talent, and their manipulation was more skilful. The passing through the city of the new Queen of Spain—what a contrast with that other august visitor, the ex-Empress—has created a weak senBation. She is apparently' a lady of a masculine turn of mind, and means business in her love. She plays into the hands of her mother-in-law. They are as agreeable to each other as snch relation ship is before, and ponding a honeymoon. Worth, according to a stage whisper, was entrusted to execute the bridal trousseau, and haB done his. work well. The robe de mariage consists of, white satio, very long, with a square train, trimmed all round with beautiful Alencon; in front, draped and embroidered with silver, and covered with similar lace.' Another robe is in rose-colored damask, trimmed with black, and the mantle is in dark blue velvet, gar nished with lace, and a slight golden em broidery. Outdoor sporting life is on the increase. M. Grfivy is perhaps the crack gunner in France. Ha beats Gambetta hollow in bringing down those elegant barndoor fowls known as pheasants, or knocking over a poor puss. As for stag- hunting, this salon amusement is ou the increase, but for an excitement, in the absence of the usual find and finish, commend me to a wild boar bunt, or running down a wolf. Mauly sports can not be too much encouraged for French boys, who snivel their youth away round a store sucking chocolate, or studying how to storm the pantry. Eh bien. Paper hunts are on the inorease, and, whon tho hares lead well over a cross country, the result is satisfac tory. A great many drawing-rooms are still in brown Holland, and plato chests continue he> metrically sealed,""but the opening of the 01 ambers on the 27th will set fiddle* scraping, and legs whirling. By then, too, all the anniversaries of the saints will have i assed with the usnal honors. Saint Cticde hall have received her sham of mnsic, and Saint Catherine shall have been honored by old and youug virgins, for she was a famous girl of her , period. She was beheaded on account of ber piety, but the angels had their revenge, as they carried her away, and buried her on Mt. Sinai, where "Renau says he sought in vain for her tombstone, just as if he ex pected it to be of the Pyramids pattern, common to her royal countrymen. In the event of school girls not being bronght on that day to the theatre, they have the privilege to transform the schoolroom into a stage, and perform Racind's " Esther." Lemonade follows, and ,then a few waltzes. The Bible alludes to the ugly rush of seven women to take hold of one man, that they could be called alter him, and so take away their reproach as spinsters. At present, ladies of an uncertain age burn tapers, and try the virtue of doing up tho hair of a bride, or sticking a pin in hor bonnet; any thing rather than to bo a vestal virgin to Saint Catherine. ' ■ Mme. Thiers has resolved to keep the study of her husband in the sarao state as be left it. Nothing is changed. It has the appearance as if the owner had left for a few moments. The last book' he read—Pluto's dialogues—lies open, having a pencil with which he annotated the text, for when an author—in this case Cousin—presented him with a copy of bis writings it was specially printed to .leave meadows of margin. All Hugo demands is that presentation copies be richly bound. . An addition has been made to the study : it serves as a store-house for all the " crowns " that conld not find a place in his tomb; in a press is the plaster model of his features taken after death. No shelf was in the library higher than he conld reach from the floor. He loved his " workshopentered it everv mornino at five o'clock. He never had au almannc-card, so that he was puzzled frequently for the date, and when uncertain, never dated his letters.. One day a young man called on him to be recommended to a minister: " What day of the month is it!" he demanded of the visitor, who confessed he did uot know : "Don't know, monsieur; and how can I write a recommendation with* out a date ? Take my advice, sir, never be without a pocket almanac." The assizes of Versailles has condemned a plagiarist, in one respect, of Nerv, to ten years' hard labor. Last August commenced a sericB of incendiaries, one a week, during six weeks, and that involved a loss of pro* prety of 32,000f. A very handsome dress* maker, aged 17, but looking twenty, was too well guarded by her parents : her mother in the morning accompanied her to her work, and her father brought her homo in the evening ; she had a lover, aged 19, and was prohibited from meeting him ; she set fire to a cottage or a farm building ; the neighbors ran at the sound of the tocsin to aid its ex tinction ; the lover arrived also, but passed bis time with the girl while all was confu sion. Iu a late boarding house* row, two clients disputed ; a duel was arranged; one of the antagonists avowed be bad no money to travel to Belgium to fight; the other pro mised to pay his expenses, for which kind ness his head and nose were smashed with a chair. In the department of toe Aisne, a national teacher inspired a strong passion in the bosom of Lucie, a young needlewoman ; he rejected the advances, and scut an anony mous letter, accusing her of being ugly and a bastard ; she met him on the public road, attacked him with a knife and scissors, and wounded him several times ; he sought re fuge in the chapel, still pursued and bleed ing ; she begged the officiating clergyman not to interfere for a moment, as since he could not marry the fellow, ho could at all eveuts bury him. He recovered, and the jury acquitted Lucie. The New York correspondent of the Liberte complains thaton the American stage an actor, instead of kissing once, as the exigencies of the play require, indulges in a score. It is hard when a man has the chance with a pretty girl, to leave off when he has commenced. The European Bank is expected to make a good dividend : Some of its scrip was stolen, and not only was it mysteriously re turned, but scrip of another compauy into the bargain. At the recent sale of the ex-demi-mon dian's (Esther Guimout) furniture, a bronze statue of Prince Jerome was purchased by a lady, who'put it under her mantle and drove away. 