Diocese of Newcastle ELECTION OK A BISHOP, The proceedings in connection with tho important cororaony of electing a Bishop for the Diocese of Newcastle oominonced on Wednesday morning in tho Cathedral Church, Newcastle, at half-past 10 o'clock. At that hour tho vcnerablo Archdeacon of the Newcastle Dioce.o (the Rev. Coles Child) nnd tho Canons of tho Cathedral (Rev. Canon Selwyn, Rev. Canon Tyrrell, Rev. Canon Whito), took thoir places in the church. Tho edifice was about half filled. Divine Service commenced wjtli tho 223 rd Eternal God we look lo Tbeo." Tho chair of St. John's assisted tho Cathedral ohoir throughout tho services, nnd Mr. Aahcroft Edwards officiated as organist. The Ror. Canoa Selwyn then ssid the Litany, after which tho 468 th hymn, " The Ohuroh's ono foundation," —wns sung. Archdeacon then rend tho Man date, of (he Metropolitan, directing him to take tho nccossnry stops for tho appointm-jnt of a Bishop ; nnd directed Rev. John Dixon (Secretary of Synod) to cnll tho Roll af- Clergy and Lay Representatives, oaoh member's nnmo being noto-J ns he rose in his place to answer. Tho Archdeacon then cam,o forward and rend aloud thp deolf ratiou specified in the socond clause of /ho " Ordinance for tho Election of 1 Bishop," and having signed his tiaa.o returned (0 his ?o?t, The Sooretary again called oach member of Synod iv succession, tho Olorgymcn. being first called and Lay men next,' to make and sign tho requisite declaration. ' Hymn 118 th—" My.Gjod and is thy tub'o spread"—was then sung ; after which tho Archdeacon and the Canons procooded in the Communion Service. Tho Rbv. Canon White road tho Epistle from Acts 1., 12-20. Tbo Gospol was John XXI., 16-17 i aud was read by Rev. Canou Tyrrol. ' The following members of Synod answered to their names "—Clergy.': Venerable Archdeacon Child, Canons Selwyn, White, Tyrrel, Revs. P. W. Addams, S. Simm, J. J. Nnsh, B. E. Shaw, F. D. Bode, C. Walsh, W. C. Hawkins, AY. S. Wilson, John Shaw, H. 8. Millard, Hiiband-Smith, A. Shaw, 0. D. Newman, 0. M. Mills, J. W.- Uiijohh, A. C. Thomas, W. Tollis, G. H. Johnstouo, J. A. Boakn, T. 1). Warner, W. Marshall, W..K. Colyor, ?W. Lund, J. Dixon. Lay Represen tatives; Messrs. R. L. Alison, E. W. Boarby, H. J. Bolding, Charles Bolton, J. N. Brooks, .8. Clift;'J. Cooper, H. B. Cotton, T. Evans, A. J. Gould, P. A. Holy, A. Hickoy, J. J. Holmes, W. R. Logun, John Loo, J~P: Luke, J. C. S. M'Douull.E. Parnoll, W; Poarso, C. Swootland, R.'.W.Thompson, E. White, Fred. R. White, J. Windeyor, and P. W. Wright. After thu oolobration of tho Holy Communion tho motubors adjourned to the City Hall. , . ? After prayer, tho Prcsidont (Arch deacon Child) delivered tho opening address. He said that tho occasion which had brought them together that day was no ordinary ono. It wns the first.time' that a Synod of tho church in Now South Wales had hocn summoned lo olect or appoint a Bishop. Hithorto, the Mother Church in England had sent men to rulo over tho dioceses, and on tha whojo tho nppointmonts had been goncriilly wiso and acceptable. Now they woro nbout to bring into operation for tho first timo tho courso ngrcod upon four yoars. ago .by tho Bishop,.clergy, and laity of this diocese assembled. It rcmainbd now to be soon whothor the principlo of -self-government now placed within their reach would bo oxercisod wisely iiml- vtall and for tho good of tho Church. Tho oyos of the Church, not only iv Australia and .Tasmania, but of tho whole world woro upon thorn. Ho prayed that they mny be guided by Him who wns ovor nil, to uso the occasion, rightly with wisdom, with discretion, and above nil with charily. (Hear, hoar). Ho prayed that tho man whom thoy might elect—if it wero determined that thoy should elect—might bo a man full of faith and tho Holy Ghost; ono whom in their consciences thoy believed to bo of such sufficiency in good learning, of such soundness iv tho faith, and of such virtuous and puro manners and godly conversation, that ho would bo apt and meet to'recoivo the offico of a Bishop to tho honour of- God and tho odifying of his Church, and to bo a wholesome oxample to tho. ohurcli of Christ. (Hear, hoar). Tho President then proceeded to relate the tdops that had been taken in connection- with th-i appointment since ho .last addressed them in Mny. Tho- stations in which, by tho lato Bishop's will, the Diocese had bo lnrgo an interest, had been exnininod by Mr, P. R. White. : Much anxious and enro ful-consideration had boon given to the prosperity of the stations for tho -next throo' years, from Juno 30, 1873, lo 1882\. Tho conclusion nrrived at was that, if all things, went on favour ably,-the. interest on the ondowmenf-of the Sao, £20,000, could bo pnid before the term illation of tho your ending Juno 80, 1880, nn<l with grentor certainty the following years. It was well, however, that ho should, stato, that should tho oxooutorS) from 'adverse- circumstances find themselves unnblo to provide the moans for tha first yoar; that .the same good layman 'who" had inspected tlio stations in Brciula, hnd offered to. advance ouc-thicd of tbe income, for the first year, .without iiitcrost, .if others would como forward and advance tho -remainder. (Hear, hoar.) Beforo' the termination of this special mission, ho (the Pre?hloiit) considered that it would bo desirable' that the Synod should in some way. dotermino to whom, and in what manner the Episcopal income should bo paid, before tho arrival of a now- Bishop.'- '(Ho. then read tho correspon dence respecting' the election of a Bishop for the diocese, which had passed between his Lordship the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydnoy, the Trustees, nnd himself, and also tho Bishop's mandate authorising the Vicar-Ucncrnj of the diocese (Archdoacort Child) to convene a special session' of tho Synod, and to take all other noce-ssary rootbods for tho purposo roquirod. It was, thoreforo, in accord ance with that mandate, thnt the mem bo tb of tho Synod had met thnt morning to perform thoir pnrt towards fulfilling tho vacancy in the Sco of Nowcastlo, created by tho decenso of their lato reverend Bishop. Ha remindod tho members that tho provisions of the Ordinance for olccting a Bishop wero not of that elastic character that they could depart from thero at will, or overrido thorn by tho standing orders. Ho then govo several excellent nnd praisowortby suggestions as to conducting the pro. eeedingp, reminding thorn thorn that it was possible for some of the nominoos to ho absent, or soma thousands miles a,vny. and thnt, thcr-'foro, it was neces sary for the i re Jit of thu Synod that everything should ho of n Christinn-liko character. Ho tlu-n Btiggcstod ns a preliminary stop, tho propriety of an adjournment, iv order that all tun mem,. I bcn>, both lay and clerical, shonld hold an open conference before they proceeded to the nomination of candidates, a con-' feren'co which would hnvo ah opportunity of considering calmly and fairly the qualifications of those clergymen' who were to he nominated, without the pre sence of any others than members of tho Synod. Ho would, however, be ready to loavo tho decision oh this point, or any other mode of conducting such a discussion to the Synod itself, ao long as it did not trespass on tho standing orders. ! (Hear, hear.) Ho then pro ceeded' to oxplatn tlio dotails of tho pre scribed'mothod of nomination and ballot ing, and olosod an excellent address ;' by exhorting the'memberH'to go to the duty thoy had in hand without prejudice, favor, or affection, to bo firm In whatwas right; to do nil that tbey wore about to do in tho fear and for th-a glory of God and for tho benefit of : His church','and w-ith wisdom, prudence', andlovo. (Ap plause.) Tho Prosldont then declared tho Synod duly opened for tho transaction of business. On the motion of the Rev. Canon Selwyn, scoonded by Mr. R. W. Thompson, tho Synod adjournod till 4 p.m. 