A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. [From the DuUo Despatch of Jolv 4.1 A man maned James Montgomerv, on bail for horeeetealing, who was being escorted to Ooo uamble by Constable Brown,of Ourbaa, was shot an 1st July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coonamble he tried to induce the constable to promise not to give certain evidence against him, and on Brown re iusing toe prisoner suddenly struck bun twice on the back of the neek with a stick, saying, 'Then take that, yon ? .' Brown, who was taken unaware*, mi stunned for m mernent by tbe unlooked-for attack— so much so that he nearly fell out of bis saddle. Aa toon as Slont gomery bad struck Brown he galloped into tbe ?scrub. Brown iosfew moments recovered bucon tcionaaeSB, and saw about ISO yards off prisoner and bis bone on tbe ground, both in tbe act of rising. The howe, it appeared afterwards, had, while galloping, pat his tore feet iuto a hole and falieu down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner iu this plight, rushed up to him, and covering bini with bis revolver, called upon him to aiand, at the same time ordering Humphries, the prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's hone. He did ao, and was next toW by Brown (who had prisoner still covered vith the revolver) to pat the hanrtcugs on Siontgoruety. As coca as the prisoner heard tie purport of the order, he swore be would uot allow himself to be handcuffed, and that be would kill tbe pair of them if they at tempted to dii eo. Humphries naturally was f i i^Ltened to approach him, as he fully believed Crooner, being then a desperate man, would attempt to carry bis violent threats into execu tion. Noticing Humphries' indecUioa, Hont gimery turned to Brown and said, 'Let me K*t en tbe horse and FU go quietly with you to Coons mb'e. I came with you quietly all day, 'Ed I'll go the Kit of the way with yon quietly, Lit I wen't have the handcuffs on.' B-*own re Viica,' Well.geton your hone, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or niebooijotL.' Prisoner then mounted bis hone, Brown returned his revolver to his holster, and as he did so Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Oastlerewh. The trooper (who Lad the handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, ' Catch me now, you ? , if you can.' Brown drew his revolver and went in porauit, calling on prisoner to stand or be would certainly shoot him. The escapee took no notice, beyoad tam ing round in his saddle and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now tMnlriwg to intimidate Montgomery— to show him that bit threats -were not«mpty ouet — fired two shots over his head; but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop -away. He went down the bank of the Castlereagh, followed -y Brown. The trooper's horse hoe ran him against a tree and inw^g-mi him out of tbe saddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again sailed oa the pri soner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, book deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, 'Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me,' bat he did not seem to the temper as if be had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to aland, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induoe him to surrender. Montgomery, however,' was not to be intimidated — he continued his ooorse, singing out as tiie shot was fired, 'That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can.' Brown, finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as be did so, yelled out, 'That's three,* pulled up his horse, end dis mounted. Brown rode up to him, and not thinking be was bit— for m the dusk it was impossible to see if his shots bad taken effect he again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomery said,** I've bad enough — you have shot me three times. I'm killed— Pm killed !' He -then stepped away a -pace from his horse, and fell backwards down tbe bank. The eon stable got off bis horse, lifted the man's head up tbe bank of the stream, got some water, bithed bis face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride in hastily to Ooo namble for a doctor and a spring-cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as desnedV«nd Montgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. At the inquest held tbe Jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. 