? THEATBE ROYAX.— There was but a moderate attendance at the Theatre on "Wednesday night, which waB no doubt attributable to the unfavourable state of the weather. The burlesque of " Bluebeard" was again repeated, and favourable received. The most successful portion was the ballet by the juveniles, which was loudlyapplauded aud encored. The same programme will be given this evening. ST. PETER AND ST. PAUL'S CATHOLIC CHURCH. —A bazaar, in aid of the Building Fund of this Church, will be held in the Institute Hall Gawler, on August 21,22, and 23. GIENEZG LITERARY ASSOCIATION. —• This Association will meet in the Glenelg Congregational Schoolroom this evening, on whi h occasion the Rev. C. Manthorpe and Mr. W Storrie will give readings. SPOUTING NOTES.—The Hawkesbury Handicap and Guineas will take place to-day. From our telegrams it will be seen that Andover and Black Swan are the favourites for the Handicap at 7 to 1, Drum-Major, The Arab, and others being at 10 to 1. Baronet is a hot favourite for the Guineas at 2 to 1, Falmouth being a good outsider. A telegram posted at Tattersall's on Wednesday states that First King and Tocal are not going to Randwick to the A.J.C. Spring Meeting at the end of the month, and that the sole St. Albans representative will be His Grace, who is in the Derby. His Grace, Mercury, and Belladrum left for Sydney on Tuesday in charge of Teomans. Mercury and Belladrum are said to be slightly amiss. Nellie, the favourite for the Sydney Derby, did not do a good gallop on Wednesday morning, and 5 to 1 is now offered about her. ADELAIDE AMATEUR MUSICAL UNION.— Tomorrow evening the Adelaide Amateur Musical Union will give the fourth concert of their fifth season, on which occasion Virginia Gabriel's Cantata " Evangeline" will be presented. There is a chorus of over eighty voices, and with the accompaniment of a full band and the grand organ a successful performance is anticipated. In addition to the Cantata, which will form the entire portion of the first part of the programme, there will be a few songs, duets, quartettes, and choruses. The final rehearsal will take place to-night at the Town HalL THE GHOSTS.—D'Arcy Read's Ghosts again appeared at "White's Rooms on Wednesday evening, and amnsed a large audience with their rapid appearances and evanishmentg. 