GUNDAGAI. (From our Correspondent.') Gundagai is a very quiet, easy-going place, not given to much undue cxc teinent. Ghosts were hardly expected to visit such :i quiet, orderly spot. There is an old say in.', ' Truth is stranger than fiction.' Some few years ago, a gentleman named Pilkington, of good income, living near Gundagai Town i Common, was missed suddenly. One evening he left Gundagai with the intention of returning to his home, and was never after wards heard of. The horse Mr. Pilkington rode was found next morning grazing be tween the town and Mr. Pilkington's home. Persons still say' and believe the mau was brutally murdered, aud his body made away with. Near Cobbler's Hole, a very deep part of Morley's Creek, which Mr. Pilkington would have passed going home, several persons assert, aud vow they have ou a number of occasions lately seen an appa rition resembling Mr. Pilkington, whom they well knew. Upon approaching this strange object it disappeared in the water. 'Tis strange, if true. It would be well and highly satisfactory if the mystery of Mr. Pilkington's sudden disappearance was un ravelled. The continuous rains have caused a flood, which covered our river flats with water for two days. This is a great pity, as before the flood the flats were verdant with splendid herbage, which for some time will be worth less. being covered with mud, slime aud rul bish. Last Thursday the flood was at its height. Several cattle and pigs that were feeding on|the flats were drowned, all attempts at getting them off safely having failed. An old resident of the district, Mr. John Farrah, who lived near the Tumut River, died in the hospital last Saturday. The funeral on Sunday was largely attended, as deceased was well known and respected by everyone Work is still much delayed at the Snow ball copper mine, owing to the difficulty of obtaining sufficient wood as fuel for the fur naces, The bush being saturated with ex cess of moipture is now so boggy that teams cannot haul anything like a fair load. The annual Hospital Ball was held iu Mr. Paine's Assembly Hall, last Friday evening, ana is now a remembrance of tlie past. When the ball was first mooted, expectations were held of its being the same success, financially aud otherwise, as the one last year. In this instance expectations were not realised, whether owing to dulnessof times and trade, the scarcity of money, or other reasons, 'tis uncertain to say. The attendance although much less in number than last year was very select. Those present apparently enjoyed themselves immensely. A healthy competition iu trade is always desirable. By such means the public receive better attention and are more cheaply served. Our butchers not feeling inclined for follow ing the rules usually laid down to supply a good article at a fair reasonable rate— have combined to raise the price of meat 25 per cent., stating their reasons for doing so — cattle are dearer and scarcer — which is entirely fallacious. Tlie general impression is that cattle were never in finer order or more plentiful than at the present time. In fact farmers and graziers here complain, and with good cause, of the exceedingly low price obtainable for stock. A combination to raise the price of butcher's meat at the present time is no doubt ill-advised, and will assuredly meet its own reward, as an energetic butcher stepping in now would command the trade._ At the Police Court last Tuesday, John Lenelian and Robert Paine were brought up, charged with fighting and using obscene language. Lenehau was fined £2 5s., and Paine £1 2s. Cd. Bencroft Wolstenholme summoned Arcliy M'Cook, herdsman, for illegally impounding stock from the race coursc, owing to some purchased allotments being within the racecourse enclosure. The case was dismissed, as the Bench decided they had no jurisdiction. Wolstenholme was referred to the Supreme Court for his redress. One of the plasterers lately engaged on the new Commercial Bank summoned the con tractors for £7 Is., wages said to be due. Plaintiff wanted 1 Is. per day, but was paid off at 8s. per day. Verdict for plaintiff for £4 Is. The first wool of the season passed through here on Monday last, en route for Sydnej'. The clip was from tlie flock of Mr. Whit ticker, Gillengroo. For the past several sea sons Mr. Whitticker has led the van in the forwarding of the first clip of wool to the metropolitan market from this neighbour hood. Sheep-breeders about here are turning their attention more and more to the long woolled sorts. A number of ewes of the Southdowu variety passed through last Fri day, for Mr. C. Guy's station, Tumut River, having been lately purchased by that gentle men in the Western District, The person in charge of these sheep, when returning home last Sunday, lost a valuable horse in a most singular manner. The horse, with a pack upon its back, was travelling along quite comfortably, but in passing through Spring Flat it commenced bucking and bolted down the road coming iu contact with the shafts of an empty dray that was standing by the side of the road, near Mr. Feehan's. The shafts of the dray entered the horse's chest, inflicting such serious wounds that they proved fatal in a few minutes, £25 was offered for the horse, and refused, the day before tbe accident. September 18, 1879. 