THE OPERA HOUSE. IN spite of the bad times, the Opera House is nightly filled to overflowing. Probably the bad times have a good deal to do with the magnitude of the audiences; for people are glad to forget the troubles of the day, and to thrust out the hideous consciousness of the Berry blight, and of its withering effects upon our prosperity, by means of " the sweet oblivious antidote" of music. On Saturday night, the very avenues to the stalls were crowded by men who patiently stood through the whole performance, which literally " went on velvet." To listen to the instrumental music, as executed by so large and efficient an orchestra, was worth the price of admission ; and each of the obligato accompaniments was rendered so artistically as to make each a Bource of special enjoyment. The opera was Maritana; a work as full of sparkle as a mountain spring. Its prime charm is its brightness ; and its secondary attraction is its variety. That (lie most beautiful of its melodies and the most felicitous of its phrases owed their inspiration to nature, and to the composer's contact with the wild free life of the Maori, the Australian pioneer, the Mexican, and the red Indian, cannot, we think, be doubted. The opera is so fresh and unhackneyed, both as regards its themes and the method of their treatment, that you feel, in listening to it, the same emotions which you experienced when you first read the A tala of Chateaubriand, Borrow's Gipsies in Spain, the Leatherstocking novels of Fenimore Cooper, and the best stories of Mayne Reid. Thirty-three years have elapsed since Vincent Wallace gave Maritana to the world; and many of its choicest numbers have been laboriously ground to powder by remorseless organ-boys, besides being cruelly tortured by bread and butter misses at the pianoforte. Nevertheless the opera seems to possess the gift of perpetual youth ; and we do not remember to have seen or heard it presented with so much completeness, in this city, as it is now done by Mr. Lyster's well-balanced company. Miss Rose Hersee may be best described, alliteratively by three French epithets. She is petite, jpeiilMnte, and piquante. Her voice is a light soprano of average compass and limited volume ; but sweet and tuneful; well under control, flexible, and not wanting in sympathetic accents. Her sostenuti notes are firmly held, and her tremolo resembles the trill of a bird. She does not carry away her audience by any of those vocal tours deforce in which singers, with more powerful organs, delight to bring down the house; but she wins upon the ear of the discriminating critic by the sweetness and delicacy with which she delivers what are technically known as slentando and morendo passages ; albeit the " dying fall" of one of these was abruptly marred 3)y the premature applause of the audience on Saturday evening. Mdlle. Palma, the contralto, has a clear, full, flute- like voice; which appears to be of fine and even quality in every note of its register ; while the lower ones were brought out with a power and a distinctness that delighted every hearer and elicited tumultuous applause. Signor Verdi, the baritone, appears to be comparatively new to the stage, and is by no means at ease in the part of Don Jose, while his accent, in the spoken dialogue, is decidedly American ; but he has a good presence and a noble voice. His upper notes invade the tenor register, without any falsetto quality in them, while his lower ones, descend, like the Ghost in Bamlet, to "the cellarage." Whether as regards compass or volume, Signor Verdi's voice entitles him to be called the best baritone that has yet visited Australia. Our old friend, Mr. Beaumont, as Don Caesar de Bazan, sings and plays with the same zest and the same brio as ever he did; and we do not often get so good a King of Spain in this opera as Mr. Templfeton, Some day we hope mechanical science will supply the lyric stage with vocal automata which will replace the present choruses, and will be made to look and move as if they were actually interested in the business of the scene. Until then, we will possess our souls in patience. Perhaps also, in the far distant future, people in the auditorium will feel that they are bad accompanyists, and will refrain from making a noise. To have one of the operatic airs—flavoured with onions—whistled in the nape of your neck, by some irrepressible enthusiast, is one of the afflictions that make human life so hard to bear. 