THE THEATRES, ETC. By "Adagio," At the Theatre Royal " The Sole Survi vor," a piece written by Messrs, George Conquest and Henry Pet tit t, the authors of "Queen's Evidence," was produced, for the first time here, on Satutd&y; night. As a drama, it seemB to have been written without any apparent object. It doeB not illustrate any moral or truism ; it does not deal with the vices, virtues, or foibles of any section of society ; it has no form, hardly coherence sufficient to enable the onlooker to follow its progress, and is utterly meaningless. The whole four acts into which it is divided abound in plots and counterplots ; robbery, forgery, and murder are planned and executed, ' or frustrated, with a delightful freedom and a confiding openness which evinoe the writers' frank dis regard of probability, or even common sense. Indeed, except that the dramatis per so am are clothed in every-day habiliments, aud now and again a well worn virtuous senti ment is uttered, which the gallery applauds. " The Sole Survivor " might be a new species of burlesque, miuus the fun, with a spice of " The Corsican Brothers" thrown in, its very title being as inapplicable as it can well be. It has been mounted well, and some very excel lent soeaery painted for it ; and ao far as the company are concerned, they severally do their best io make their enigmatical assump tions understood; but with the exception of Mr. Fred Thorne, who, as Gregory ttiggle, a lawyer's clerk, defines, his own character in his own way, and makes it very amusing, their efforts are not over-socoesfful. MieB Flora Anstead, as Lady Raymond, who, having married a second time while her first hnsband is alive, la placed in a very unpleasant position in relation to the crime of bigamy, does not appear to such advantage as she did in " The Long Strike." Mr. Stuart O'Brien, as her second husband, Sir Jasper Raymond, foregathers with light house- keepers and gaol birdB generally, and in attempting his wife's life, because she will not give him her fortune, is incontinently shot down by Frank Barnard, her son by her first husband. This first husband, Walter Barnard (Mr. Carey), has- a double In ithe person of one - of the aforesaid gaol binds, Jacob Lynch (Mr. Grevilie), and quite a host of mistakes arise in consequence, one. of them leading to the son's trial for the murder of his father, the murdered man being really Jacob Lynch, who is assassinated by Sampson Fox, a lighthouse -keeper, under the mistaken impression that he is Walter Barnard, while the lattsr in his turn is arrested in place of Jacob Lynch, as an escaped felon. At the end Sir Jasper and the lighthouse -keeper are surrounded on the little rocky islet on which the lighthouse is situated, and through the instrumentality of Lucy Fox, the letter's daughter, they are prevented from consummating the murder of Lady Raymond, and shot down. " The Sole Survivor " was repeated ail the week, but it will this (Saturday) evening be re placed by Messrs. Baker and Farron, who will make their first appearance at this house. Sardou's comedy, "Friends," still keeps the boards at the Opara-houae, and has drawn large houses all the week. It is almost impossible not to admire the charm ing wrk, with its piquant and fertile dialogae, nor to refuse a tribute of admira- tion to the company, which so evidently throws aside all considera'ion cf self, and plays solely for the commonwealth. "The Girls," which is now in reheasal, will be the next play produced. "H.M.S. Pinaiore" is having an excep tionally successful run, large and apprecia tive audienees being a marked feature of the past week. On Wednesday a change was made in the opening piece, "Animal Magnetism " giving w«y to "The Weavers," with Mr. Horace Lingard as Simmons. "The Sorcerer, " another j Jut work of Gilbert and Sullivan's, will probably be pre sented early next week. His Excellency the Governor attended the performance of " Pinafore" last night. ' " Poul a Dhoi', or the Devil's Pool" is the title of romantic Irish drama which has been presented at the Prinoess's during the week. " Zealandia" closed at St. Ge org eV hall on Saturday last. The ball will be re- opened this evening by Professor Pepper, the cele brated illusionist, who will inaugurate a series of lectures and illusions, in connection with which and bis cole bra ted ghost, his name has become so familiar- throughout English-speaking countries. Miss Augusta L. Dsrgon returned from her South Australian trip on Monday last. She will probably oommenoe another Mel bourne engagement in November next. ThiB afternoon (Saturday) there will be an afternoon benefit performance at the Theatre Royal in aid of Mrs. F. M. Bates and her children. Nearly the entire body of profes sional ladies and gentlemen in. Melbourne have tendered their services, the sympathy felt for the bereaved lady in her distress being evidently of the praotical kind that is best. The Opera-house and Academy companies, including Mr. .and Mrs. Lingard, Mr. J. L. Hall, Mr, and Mrs. Garner, Messrs. Marshall aud Roberts, and the Theatre Royal company, embracing Mr. George Coppin and Mr. Fred. Thorne, will take part in the per formances. Then there are Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, who will read an address ; Mrs. Mary Gladstone, c who will give a recitation ; Mies Adelaide Bo wring, Madame Fannie Simon- sen, Mr. J. F. Cathcart, and others, all of whom wiU'appear. The programme includes " All that Glitters is not Gold," the second act of " H.M.S. Pinafore," the bal masque scene from "The Carsicac Brothers," in which all the actors aud actresses associated with the movemect will appear upon the stage in the costume of some character in whioh they have distinguished themselves in their pro fession ; and, finally, some interludes. It is quite certain that the Theatre Royal will be filled from floor to ceiling, and that the generous movement of the artists in aid of a suffering sister will Have a substantial out come. The management oi the Royal have placed their theatre at the free disposal of the .committee, an act of really noble liberality. 