T11E MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AND THE SCHOOL OF MINES. It is much to bo regretted that the mis understanding between the committees oi these two valuable institutions should be iu uselessly protracted, certainly neither to the edification nor with the approbatum of the public at large. For onee, at least, the cause of the quarrel is not to be sought in the interrogation—who is she It is in the root of ail evil thai the dimeuliy lies—a money difficulty. As in almost all misunderstandings, there are probably faults on both sides. The Mechanics' Institute may be too exact ing, and the School of Mines may perhaps be a little too reluctant to toe the mark. But it does seem surprising, considering how many excellent men of business there are on both committees, that debate after debate, not altogether imtinged with acer bity, should leave the matter at issue apparently still as far from a settlement as ever. It may be a question—the public gene rally will probably think so—whether the Mechanics' Institute, in its dealings with the School of Mines, figures altogether as an alnu! mater, or whether its bearing is not rather that of a mother-in-law or step mother. The Institute wants money—it is very natural that it should; it is the universal want; all of us want money, and the School of Mines is in the same predica ment. It is confronted by the absolute necessity of hying out £500 upon its laboratory. It has long been a matter of regret (h it accomplished a chemist as Mr. Marks, withal so patient and pains taking a teacher, and so pleasing a lecturer, should be so ill-provicled with room and apparatus. It, is said tliat there is not a battery, or oven one cell of a battery, at present in the laboratory, ami ibis in timo.s when old aiul vming are alike eager to learn something of the mysteries of the science of electricity, a:id of (he possibilities of its being made to minister to every- day wants. As a proof of the little information pos sessed by the public on this interesting subject, it may have been noticed tint a member of the Exhibition Committee suggested at the meeting held last Monday that a tiling of the past, the lumbering old vulcanite frietional spark machine, presented (o the Mechanics' Insti tute by Mr. Uarscd as a venerable antiquity, should be utilised to produce the electric, light, a suggestion, however, which was promptly and happily burked by the omni scient Town Clerk. This, however, by the way. The first and most pressing of the demands upon the resources of the School of Mines is unquestionably the. expenditure required to make the school perfect, in itself. It should be remembered that the .School of Mines has no long list of annual subscribers like the Mechanics' Institute, in aid of the liovernment grants. The support it receives from the public is limited to intermittent donations, and its class fees arc, insufficient to enable the school to pay move than inadequate pittances to the gentlemen who devote their time and talents as professors in the institution. It was stated by more than one speaker at Monday's meeting that the two institutions were each necessary to the other. This is by no means certain. It is unquestionable that the school is the complement of the insti tute, that the schoel can go on by itself and prosper, and cultivate the mind of the rising generation, and confer great and lasting benefits upon the community, but tho institute, notwithstanding the gratifying fact of the arrival of more " good novels,'" would bo strangely isolated if dissociated "from tiio School of Mines. The question between the two institutions resolves itself into this: What 'can the Sclibpl of Mines afford to contribute towards tho Institute's < well- advised aud excellent expenditure in converting an unsightly and incommodious barracks , into a building which in every respect is a credit to tho city i Starting from this point, an amicable arrangcuiont* should soon be made, for it is evident tliat - tho school committee arc quite willing to contribute as much as they can reasonably alford, aud more should not' bo expected of them. And again, it is only-reasonable that the question of tenure'should be settled before the mo 1103 consideration comes on for adjustment. His Honor Judge Bindon, according to Mr. Anderson, lias pronounced that the school has no title whatever. If that be the case, the school committee'are more than justified, when they are asked to cripple or forestall their resources, in, demanding security of tenure. On llio other hand, Mr. Bayue, one of the trustees, declared that he had: a title, or something as good as a title, in his - pocket, which, however,■ ho declined to turn' inside out in the presence of the meeting, probably aud naturally preferring to keep a shot iu: the locker. : V " j Really it is to be hoped that delegates from the two committees will once more come'together/and agree upon some basis of: negotiation. Another course would be to refer the matter to arbitration. But in aiiy case it is to be hoped that there will be 110 more of this debating without end, upon a matter which should bo easily settled in five minutes. CaMiE Mk*UGES.-<ComTlUrtwtlv1 ,fter povt Darwin line was r^tored shortly aiu* uoon i'«5fcerday, aud > ^ dcfinituly st.lted tlmt Mr" Berry hal decided to adopt the advice that Mr, JJ ) Australian Associated tendered him _ the ,oan t0 be ^tVo^he'baYaacooI «0M within eighteen months from now. A if " * tiro has occurred in Loudon, by whi-.h the Polytecliuic Hall was partially destroyed. Ii connection with the Zulu• ^'a*» Vstron" Colonel Pearson lias utterly louteda stu»=, force of Zulus at Elcowe, but a iie.il ot anM t} has been caused at the Cape by the hostile aUi i tude of the natives of the lians\a.il. . om serious political complications are » France The committee >it tin. Uiamou or Deputies appointed to in,mire into the charges i a^iinst the Due do Broglic and hi* Cabinet, I ha'viii" demanded the impeachment ol the Due e Bi?or.lic and M. Uochbout. Marshal Mac i M:ihon° lias protested against the report con tainin" this demand, and insists that if toe im peachment bo ordered he must be me nded m it. It is considered that the report will not be ad?Sriox or TUB GovHUSon. Yesterday i afternoon a special meeting of the city malice committee was lield £.« the purpose of com *ilct'ii,Y arrangements for the Governor s recep Cn ^i his occasion oi his iirst visit to band hurst to open the Industrial Inhibition. H i as agreed that His Excellency should be met at the lWilway Station by tlie mayor and city coun cillors, and the address of the corporation pre sented to him, after which HisExcelcncy ,am! suite, accompanied by au escort of the 1 . \\\ L. 11. C ivalrv will be driven to the lown Hall ami shownthrough the exhibition, entenug at the Corn Exchange. The opening ceremony wil next be qoue through, and the distinguished visitors afterwards entertained at a luncheon given in the Council Chamber lu the alter Soon it is proposed to show His Excellency and party the chief sights of the city, and m the evenin" he will bo present at a public banquet rrjven at the Town Hall, lhe visit ot His Excellency will not extend beyond the day, tor he returns to the metropolis by special train, leaviu" the Sandhurst platform at 0 p.m. Tiu° -VCLinii^r to Mb. asi> Mi:s. Ellis. The friends of this lady and gentleman will be Mad to learn that no serious consequences are likely to arise out of the accident which hap pened to them oil Monday evening. From inquiries made at Eagleliawk yesterday alter noon we ascertained that both the autlerers were progressing as favorably as could be ex pected under the circumstances. A visit was paid to the scene of the accident, and certainly the road in tlie viciuity of the culvert is in a most dancerous state. The approach from the townshiu end to this culvert for some 30 or 10 vpvds, is in a verv bad state, but from the ap pJaraucc. it is evident the gutters on the sides „i fne road have been caused by the action of lluod- water, and has materially lessened the width of the road. The culvert itself has aUo been cousideraUv damaged, and there i3 only 15 fee', of '.Mod road over it, which is not nearly !>ullk'ieut for two traps to pass abreast, and the same may be said oi the approaches on both sides. Some repairs ought to bo effected at once. Xocrur.SM. Bi-.\wi.tus.—lnc usually quiet and orderly stale ot the. western end <«l" Dowling street has "oi late been disturbed by a crowd of unruly larrikins, who frequent an hotel iu the neighborhood. Occasionally they get drank, quarrel, and adjourn into the street to settle their differences by au appeal to fisticuffs. When this happens, which it generally does about the small hours, the whole neighborhood ! ii awakened, and sleep is a thing impossible until the rowdies have dispersed. Ou Mon day night, or rather early on Tuesday morning, one of these scenes was enacted at the intersection of Short-streer. and Dowling-strcet. For fully an hour a crowd of some 50 men and youths in various stages of drunkenness fought and wrangled amongst themselves, making night hideous with their obscene language and horrible blasphemy, Steps should be taken to prevent a repetition of the nuisance. It is shameful that the residents of a respectable neighborhood should be roused out of their beds, and kept awake for hours at a time, when an occasional visit from a policeman would most probably have the effect of abating the "round oi complaint. ° The Diamond Dkill.—The iirst consignment of 'he pipes for lining the diamond drill bore hole, at the Great Southern lease, arrived here yesterday, and the remainder arc cxpectcd to follow shortly. Minim: Un'ours.—Wc have received from the Mining Department the reports of the min ing surveyors and registrars for the quarter enTicd 31st December last. The report from Mr. N. G. Stephens, registrar for Sandhurst, with reference to the period named, states that "mining affairs are in a healthy condition. Less quart'z has been crushed, but the average yield is very good, <> dwts. 20 grs. per ton, aud tho workings generally have paid as good or better dividends than usual. Deep sinking is carried on with success; but it is the opinion of maiiv who kuow this go'diield well that wosseuUins has hitherto been unjustifiably nc^lectcd. It this opinion is aeltd oa, and vvcii carried out, T' have no doubt that good nayp.ble discoveries will u.-s the result. The quantity of water sold for mining -purposes dur ing the past quarter w.i3 -15,021,000 gallons," 6t. Andrew s fJociErr.—The annual mcetim. ot the Grand Lodge of the Order of Andrew, Scottish Constitution, was hold ves terday at llemming's View Point Hotel. 'The (' ''and Master, Bro. John Melrose, of tlio Ben ('il";' 'prcside-i. There wore o in'osenl the Deputy Grand Master, Bro. K. Mitchell, of Castleniaiue, and representatives of the various lodges of Melbourne, Ballarais, Geelong, .So-vrd <lale, Ingle wood, Talbot, and of the liemligo district-. Tho business transacted was of the usual routine character, solely confined to the working of the order. The following otlieers were elecled for tlio ensuing year: — Bro. !>. Mitchell, of Castli-maine, Grand Master; Bro. 1!. Criehton, of the Uemligo Lodge, Deputy Grand Mastei'; Bro. (!rifiit lis, of Melbourne, Graiul Warden; Bro. \Y. S. Wat son. of lVndigo, Grand Tyler; Bro. Shinv. was re-elected lor the eighth year Grand Treasurer; and Bro. 1.). Cameron, of B.ill.-irat, for the third time, Grand Secretary; Bros. Troup and Graham, of Ballarat, were elected Grand Aud;tors. In tlio evening tlio representatives were entertained at dinner by tlio Bendigo Lodge. Host Hemming set down a jvc/n'iv/c.' repast, to which full justice was done by the guests, and after the solids had been discussed, the remaiuder of the evening was given up to conviviality and good fellowship. The usual loyal and friendly toasts were duly honored, aud the utmost harmony prevailed till the banqueters broke up at a late hour. Amongst the visitors was Bro. Angus Maekay, M.L.A., and an apology was tendered for Bro. J. M'lntyre, M.L.A., who was unavoidably absent. The lodge piper, Bro. Olliver, was present, and cheered the hearts of the Scotsmen present with the martial strains of the national instrument. Clerk of Petty Sessions at E.uiliciiawk.— Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—I learn that tile Clerk of the Court at Sandhurst has been instructed to take steps for the temporary carrying on of the duties ot Clerk of Petty Sessions at Englehawk, hitherto performed by Mr. Ellis, who lias been disabled by a serious accident. Kike in Dowliso-strki.t.—Lait evening, at. about live o'clock, the lirebell rang out, and the various brigades turned out with praiseworthy alacrity. A thick column of smoke was observed issuing from a building in the direction of Dowling-street east, and on arriving on the ground it was found that a three- roomed weatherboard cottage, belonging to Mr. Mack, saddler, of Bull-street, was 011 lire. The lire men got their hose into play very quickly, but the tlames had obtained so strong a hold of the building that although they saved the. house from being entirely consumed, what remains of it is a mere shell. The house was in the occupation of an elderly couple named Hall, who had only lately gone into it, and had furnished it respectably. Mr. and Mrs. Hall were in the building at the time the lire occurred, but can assign 110 cause for it. In fact, they are both very hard of hearing, and would not notice anything wrong until they either saw the flames or smoke, and they state that the place seemed to blaze up suddenly, without warning. There was a little lire burning in the kitchen grate, but how the walls iguited is more than they can say. The walls were boarded half-way up, and canvassed aud papcied above the boarding. Only an odd chair or two and a few insignificant household articles were saved, the rest being entirely con sumed. The poor old couple did not have their furniture insured, and they seemed to be quite dazed with the misfortune which had befallen their household gods. The building was iusored for £'2i)d in the Victoria Insurance Company. The Locaj, Exhibition.—In response to the advertisement of the exhibition committee, inti mating their want of a couple of steam engines to supply the motive power required to work the various models which will be 011 view, Mr. A. O'Keefe, of the Catnpaspe, has kindly con sented to lend a 10 h.p. portable engine for the purpose named. The committee still require another engine, and the loan of one would be thankfully accepted. Benevolent Asyu'.m.—Last evening, at the monthly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum, a motion was carried appointing a sub-committee to report upon the endowment fund, and the best meaus of securing its permanency; aud also to report upon the time varion3 inmates have been resident in the district previous to their admission, and to suggest some means of re lieving the institution of those who should be maintained in other districts. Tub " Insurance ani> Ban kino Uevokd." —Wo have received the Auxtraluxian limurance and Jjunkiii;/ for the present month. Tiie \\\ r..yniKu.—Yesterday the weather was again very hot, with little wind blowing, and a lierec scorching sun shining out of au unclouded sky. Just at sunset a pleasant change in the direction of the wind took place, when a mild south-easterly breeze set in, and made the night beautiful. The ther mometer registered at Messrs, Joseph and So';~3 p. 111.j' 95', aJ minimum, (J0\ The barometer at 9 a.m.'regis tered 29'590; 0 p.m., 2!)'520. A Disgusting Scene.—Yesterday at the tiro which took place in Dowling-street, a woman of the lowest grade of the " unfortunate class," residing in a house opposite the building which was burnt, behaved in a most extraordinary manner. Evidently just roused from a druuken slumber, she rushed to tiie door very scantily attired, and in this state commenced screeohiii" aud gesticulatiug in a most tragic manner at the liames. The scene was a disgraceful one, and amongst tho crowd who witnessed it were a number of school children, who had been at tracted to tho locality by tho fire. A half jesting remonstrance against the woman's maniacal behaviour wa3 made by another female belonging to the house, who made some attempt to get her companion inside. Tho effort was unsuccessful however, and subse quently tho task was essayed by a male acquaintance of the unfortunate woman. It is doubtful, however, whether he would have suc ceeded in his objcct, if the police had not come to his assistance, for the woman turned 011 him with furious wrath, aud handled him sevcrelv. The Elmore Horse Stealers.—1The two men, James Isseppi aud James Taylor, who were sentenced at the last Assizes to b years' and IS months' imprisonment respectively for horse stealing, were lodged in the local lockup last night preparatory to their being forwarded to .Rochester this morning, where they will be charged at the Court of Petty Sessions with several fresh indictments for horse stoalin". Coursing.—Mr. W. Dance, of Epsom, an nouuees through our business columns, that he is prepared to receive a limited number of greyhounds, to train for the ensuing seasou. Local Land Board.— A sitting of the Local Land Board will be held this niormn" at the Warden's Court. D'Arcv Beau's Ghosts.—Tiie whole of tho paraphernalia of the above entertainment, .arrived yesterday, and was taken to the Masonic Hall. This show, which has been pronounced the greatest novelty of the a<»e, will open in the above hall on Friday evening. The Forcible Opening of the Murray Bridge.—According to the _-l //»_■, legal proceed ings are to bo instituted by the Crown Law De partment against those persons who took part in the forcible opening of the Murray Bridge at Eehuca. The exact nature of th« proceedings cannot yet be .indicated, but the proper otlieers have the matter in hand for inquiry, aud will shortly furnish a roport. At the District Police Court, Melbourne, 011 Monday, a man named Charles Healy was lined for having conveyed fresh meat through the streets in a vehicle not properly constructed to protect it from the wind, rain, or dust. ARcnmsNOrCtOOLD.—'The !<■ j <rc»euUt'.ii;estates that the Light Bev. Or. Guold will arrive in Castlcmainc to-day, accompanied by several priests. • On Sunday His Lordship will admini ster the rite of continuation. Mining Acciuen'ts.—Mining accidents having occurred so often lately, aud some attended with fatal results, tho Government (says the Herald) have it in contemplation to prosecute in future, the originators of such accidents. This action is needed, as by so duing, it v.ill have a salutary efi'oct on the men at work who may become careless, aud thus place in jeopardy the lives of so many of the miners. Another Diamond Drill.—Another diamond drill has been brought out from America, at the order of the Mining department. It arrived (tho Herald says) by the last California!! mail, aud lies now at the Hobson'a Bay railway goods- shed, awaiting removal to its future destination. Tho great strain that was brought to bear on the diamonds drills already in use, aud the fact that accidents to them sometimes occur, prompted tho department to order an extra one. The new drill is smaller than the ones now in use, and works on the same prin ciple, but is said to be superior in many re spects. The .Reform League Imbroglio.—Future developments of the Reform League scandal prom>se to prove interesting. Writing in yesterday's Argus upholding tiie accuracy of the report which appeared in that journal relative to the recent- meeting of the league, Mr. Edwin Elliott, the late secretary, says :—" I took notes during the meeting, and have them now, and supplied them to the reporters of The. Anjua aud TeUtjraph ou the evening of the 6th instant. With your permission, I will, in your following d;<y's paper, give my reasons for stating that Mr. \Y. It. Yeoiuans is unfit for the position he holds in the league; after which I will lake Mi'. •Mirams to pieces." Mysterious Bor.nF.RV.—The M. A. Mail reports that on Sunday morning tlio safe at the Sunburv railway station was found opened, a sum of £14 having been abstracted and near the aperture in the side, there were marks of a chisel. As the safes now.in p.!s hv the l?::ilv, .;y department, are proof to everything except a chisel, a."d t-fce noise occasioned by using this v--ould be distinctly heard for c.-.nio di-.t.-.nee, it is not desirable ;it present to do more than i Tin: Governor's Levr.i:.—Ilia Kx'l'oIIoih'V the Marquis of Normauhy will hold his lirst 111 Victoria to-daV, at Govcrniiiont-houso, at three p.m. The following arc Che arrangements to be observed :—Tho-^e Jontiomen who have received cards 'or l.lle private fit!will 1)0 admitted at the principal cntrr- nce of Government-bouse, other gentlemen by tho balliomli entranee. Lt i'j desirable that members of tho Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly, the cor poration of the city of Melbourne, the council and senate of the Universitv, and ofliccrs of the army, navy, ami local forces, should assemble in tlie spaces apportioned to them in the galleij of the ballroom, in order to facilitate their presentation to His Excellency. After all toe presentations llavo been made addresses will be received ami verbally replied to l»v His Lxcel lencv. It has been found impossible to make any provision for the presence of ladies as spectators of the ceremony. Tin-: Sandhurst City Du.ui.vnc Ci.l'h. This club has taken the Royal Princess iheatie for a dramatic season during Easter week, opening on Easter Monday evening. On Mon day last a sub-committee of the " Pickwick Club," waited 011 Mr. CI. A. Coleman, the secretary of the City Club, to ascertain whether arrangements could bo made to allow the latter elub the use of the theatre for one uieht during the week, as they desired to give a benefit for the charities. The matter was laid before the City Club on Monday evening. Tho members, whilst mincing a disposition to accommodate the Pickwick Club in the manner desired, were unablo to- see how the request, eouhl be complied with, as they had already made all their arrangements for playing during the whole week. Their performance 011 Easter Thursday night will be for the special benefit ol the hospitafanil asylum. To Cour.EsroNDENT.s.—Some letters are un avoidably held over. Bkndiuo Hosi'ITAE.—The usual monthly meeting of tho Board of Management of the. Bendigo.Hospital, will bo held at seven o'clork this evening. Lost anl> Found.—A traveller from Wodonga to Melbourne on Monday, 011 arriving at the latter station, left a small portmanteau in the railway carriage whilst he went to look after some other luggage. On his return he found that the portmanteau, which contained about i'jOO worth of jewellery, had been removed, another one almost the same in appearance being left in the carriage. It subsequently transpired that the portmanteau was mistaken by another passenger for his own, and it was restored to its owiier yesterday. A Dm.ORAiiLE Cash —A respectable, hard working man named Joseph liuukin applied to tlio Sandridgo Beuch on Monday for a prohibi tion to restrain tho publicans from supplying drink to his wife, who was a confirmed dipso maniac, and during liis absence at work, re peatedly pawned his goods to. obtain liquor. The magistrates considered it a hard ease, and granted his request, but at the same time they pointed out that tho order would ho of little practical use, as she could procure drink by messengers among the numerous boys and girls around, or call at pnblichouses where she was u stranger. This is but one ot' many cases of a similar nature that often present themselves to the police. • Madame Carandini.—The public of Victoria will read the following from 111 a Sydney Mornimj Herald with genuine regret:—" Madame Carandini, a lady associated, in tho mind of every Australian with high-class ballad and operatic music, intends to give a concert hereon Saturday week, loth instant, and the Hon. Lady .Robinson, departing from her usual custom dnring the Lenten season, has promised- her patronage on the occasion. Madame Carandini, and her daughter suffered heavy loss by being wrecked in the Balliua (s), at Port; Macquarie while on their way hero froln a northern tour. They lost their concert dresses, :their jewellery, and. all their music. This last loss was. irreparable, for it included a number or quartettes written for Madame Carandini., by Mr. ,'Hoiacly, and a quantity of music transposed into different keys by the late Mr. La-veriu. , The loss is such a heavy one that this, added to the fact that Madame Carandini had always in her visits to us given high-class concerts in perfect style, should make her concert on Saturday a sub stantial benelit to her." Sad Death.—A Queensland immigrant who lately arrived in that colony by the Fritz Keuter has met with a sad end. It appears that Andress Paulson, a Dane, and his brother came out to their uncle, Mr. List, who lives in the Maryborough district. On arrival at the Brisbane depot, they applied to he sent on to Maryborough, but were refused, though they stated they had 110 money. Tim two poor lads then started to tramp overland from Brisbane to Maryborough without the means of purchasing either shelter or food. Ignorant of our language or country or climate, and with the dreadful heat of last week, the only wonder was that tliev got so near their journey's end. On V„:T,,r ■»whilo Vr.Tssi 11 u r.lirnn;r!i T!:ir.i one complained ot violent headache. .1. wo or three miles further 011, tlie brothers went to a house to beg a bit of bread, and a kind-hearted woman, seeing their exhausted state, made tea for them. Tho poor follows then continued their journey, but after walking a mile or two Andreas said ho could go no further. Ho lay down; there was a short agony; lie was dead. There is 110 doubt, says the Jfaryhurowjh Chronicle, that, the cause of death was the intense heat. A statement of the facts has been forwarded to the Government in order that an inquiry may be held as to tiie apparent cruelty of the Government agent at Brisbane in refusing to forward them to their destination. The Banks and the Guvern.menr.—A meet ing of the managers of the associated banks was held on Monday to consider the letter of the Government refusing to recognise the right; of the banks to eali i'nr a disavowal or the remarks of the Minister of Public Works at Footseray. The banks resolved not to be set aside in this manner without an expression of opinion on the subject, and a letter was adopted, which will be forwarded in duo course to the Government. With regard to tiie telegram received by the banks on .•Saturday, we (.;/•;/(/.-) may mention that it gives the dates as follows :—Opening of tenders March 18; payment for the debentures as allotted, Sth April. The debentures will carry with them 97 days' interest at -1/, per cent., or £1 3s. lid., which has to be deducted from Mr. Berry's minimum of .CO?. V.UXABI.E Catit.k. -- A- Consignment of valuable horned stuck, imported for Mr. Win. M'Culloch, of Glenroy, arrive.t on Monday from London in the steamship Syria. The shipment comprises li> animals, ail shorthorns,- selected from the well-known herds of the Dukes of Devonshire and Manchester, Mr. J. Pox, of Staffordshire, ami- Other breeders of note in Knghujd. There are altogether 00 head of those cattle coming out, and this is the second ship ment, tlie iirst being still on board the Cambrian Prince, which has not as yet arrived. Moke Bi.undeuini; in the Lands Depart ment.—The very spirit of blundering seems to have entered into the Minister of Lands (says the TetcjrujA) for all that 'ie decs turns to the disadvantage and ruin of those whom he seems desirous of helping. He has already been told, often enough by selectors, that to his mortgage regulations many of them owe the fact that they arc now unable to pay their rent. Ho now has undertaken the duty of judging for himself who shall have time to pay, and who must come down on tlie nail with the money. His plan is ludicrously consistent with ali his j laud administration. Those who have mort gaged their holdings are to receive no mercy, | because, of course, according to the Loiighiore I theory, if pressed, tiie mortgagees will pay the rent, it never seems to strike, him that the year's rent will only be advanced where there is sullieieut security ielc to cover it, and that where there is no further security, the mortgagee, to protect himself, will sell the selector up. Then men of comparative in dependence who have never been necessitated to borrow, and who, in spile, of the drought, may be supposed well able to pay their rent, arc to have the fullest indulgence. Truly the ways of this friend of the selectors must prove a sore trial and mystery to their faith. St.Nuui.AR Deience.—A somewhat singular case was heard at Buninyong last Friday, when an agent for an American 7irm of booksellers sued a resident of the town, named for £.'> 10s., being tiie price of a Family Bible supplied to defendant's wife. The defence set up was, that the article not being a necessary, cither for household use or consumption, tho husband was not liable for the debt, he being in no way connected with the purchase of the article sued for. The Bench took this view of the case, which was therefore dismissed, without cost3. St. Paul, it will be remembered (though it is occasionally forgotten), would not suffer a woman to teach, but this husband will not even suffer her to be taught. . The Blue Gum.—The medical properties of the blue gum of Australia are referred ta by lierr Widdmareth, professor of botany at the University at Berlin, and secretary of the Groat Horticultural Society of Prussia, in a letter to Dr. Schomburgk, of Adelaide, received by tho mail. It appears (states tho S. A. l'z'jhtcr) that a number of the trees have been raised in pots and then placed in the fever ward of the hospital at Greifswalde. The results have been very sucecessful in subduing the lever of the patients, and tho professor has requested Dr. Schomburgk to send a quantity of seeds, and also to supply as much information as ho can, with a view of extending the benelits which have been proved to follow the presence of tho blue gum in cases of fever. Ot'R CoNSTxTrnoN.—Tho speeches at the cricket dinner on Saturday were " not political in character." His Excellency the Marquis of Norma-.iby, who met with a gratifying reception, remarked, however, that he w.is not surprised at the loyalty displayed, bocause, he said,- "you have'ever you tlie best Queen that ever sat on a throne, and you live under a constitution which is the envy and admiration of the rest o? ' the world."—■Ai-gii*. Ai-yv-i. 