ALES, ETC. MAUREEN DHU. THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. BT Mas. J. SADLEEB. CHAPTER XII—{Continued). " It would be no use to tell you now, Maureen! When the Claddagh men refuse to hear reason, we must only try some other means—they shall see before many days go by when I have made all the necessary arrangements for a lucrative business, I am not to be driven from my purpose by their blind folly !" '•Take care what you say, Mr. Fitzstephen !—you ought to know by this time that it isn't safe to meddle with the same Claddagh men. I ask you again what it is that you mean to do ?" "Well! Maureen, you are the strangest " I'm a Claddagh girl, Mr. Fitzstephen, and the daughter of Randal More—do you mean to brave my father out for it P" " I certainly do." Maureen drew up her slender form to its fullest height, which was considerably beyond that of most females, she made a step or two backwards, and fixed her flashing eyes on Fitzstephen : "If you do, you'll have but once to rue it, air, and that'a the longest day you have to live." There was a fearful distinctness in her voice and utterance that made every syllable tell, and Fitzstephen gazed in mute astonishment on the still, calm features and the statue-like attitude of the girl, clearly revealed in the starry light. There was a startling contrast between this living, breathing stillness of face and form, and the burning light of the dark eyes whose very depths were stirred with passion. Fitzstephen was at once attracted and repelled by the strange sight, but his mind was so disturbed that he could not all at once get his thoughts into words. Before he had framed an answer for Maureen's most emphatic warning, a third voice spoke; it was the harsh and dissonant voice of Vara: "My soul to glory, now, Mister Fitzstephen I If I'll put up with this any longer ; what is it that brings you to the Claddagh so often—and by night, too ?— why, if you be huntin' Maureen this way she 11 get a bad name assure as my name is Vara Halliday—and. that's what never happened to one belongin' to her in the memory of man!" "Meget a bad name, granny!" said Maureen, haughtily; "and how would that <oome P—sure it's not my fault if Mr. Fitzstephen comes at times when I happen to be out about the doors ? Take my word for it, he has an eye to business—he's not loBin' his time, anyhow 1 though in one way he is, too !" . SS." Well, really," said Fitzstephen, with some embarrassment, and he winced more from Maureen's contemptuous manner than from her grandmother's presence, unwelcome and unexpected as it was, " well, really, I muBt beg to retire—I find I am not able for the pair of you. As for my business, good Mrs. Halliday £your granddaughter may use her own discretion in making it known to you. My visits—either by night or day—will, in all probability, never trouble any of you again. I regret that, on the present occasion, I was not aware of your being near, as I might then have paid my court to you instead of Maureen !" Yara's discordant laugh grated harshly on Fitzstephen's auricular nerve, as the old woman replied fiercely: "Ay I I know well enough-how it is with you—it would have answered you mighty well if I hadn't been near—but if I hadn't! master, there'd be somebody still worse for you. Do you think we'd let Maureen Dhu out here alone at a time like this without some of us havin' an eye on her—especially a night like tbia? "Whatever you may think of her, I'll tell you one thing—though maybe I ahouldnt say it to her face—that there's eyes on her wherever she goes—lovin' eyes, Mr. Fitzstephen; ay! an' careful eyes, too!—come along home, girl!" and dte took the,unresisting Maureen by the shoulder, "I hope this night, will be a warniri' to you all your life." " Whatever I may think of her 1" repeated .^Fitzstephen, as they talked rapidly away from him, without either looking back even once, " what I think of ier ii of, little consequence^ /I have other tilings to think of at thepreseiit time." Lost in his own reflections, Fitzstephen stood- with/folded arms looking out on the luminous waters of the broad Bay, disturbed only bjr the occasions! splash of oars, and the rapid, passage of some tiny steamboat. /Maureen and her granddame were already out of sight/yet there he stood motionless as a statue. .He doubtless thought himsolf alone, but if do, he was mistaken, for all at once a heavy hand was laid on his shoulder and a Claddagh voice Bpoke in the Claddagh patoii close to his ear: " A word with you, if you please, Mr. Fitzstephen!" He turned quickly, and in the tall, robust form, and darkly frowning face before him, recognised Shan Driscoll. " What! you here, Shan ?" " Your servant, sir," said the young fisherman, in a dry, ironical tone; " I see I don't need to tell you my name. I'm not willing to disturb you if it could be helped, but I want to have a word with you in private, an' I thought this such a fine opportunity that I couldn't let it slip." "Well, Shan, say quickly what you have to say, for it's wearing late." "You weren't in such a hurry a little time back, Mr. Fitzstephen I but, to be sure, the company was more pleasin.' But if your hurry was twice as great as it is, you'll hear what I have to say. There's one girl in this village I have set my heart on ; her father an' the rest of her people are agreeable—" " And what have I to do with all this ?" asked Fitzstephen, haughtily. "I'll soon tell you that, my master ! Fow know Maureen Dhu—you know, maybe at well as I do, what it is to have the chance of winnin' her, but maybe you don't know me"—here his voice sank almost to a whisper, he made one step in advance that brought him close to Mr. Fitzstephen, and his eyes .gleamed with a wild, fierce light that would have alarmed most men under similar circumstances; "maybe you don't know me," repeated Shan, slowly, "for if you did, you'd know that the man doesn't step in shoe leather that could go between me and Maureen." " If you're so sure of her," said Fitzstephen, with stern composure, " what need is there for all this talkP I give you joy of the girl's favour, since yoa appear to think so much of her." " None of your mockin' or scofiin' now, Mister Fitzstephen ! I know well what you're about this while back. I know what brought you here at this untimely hour, but I tell you it won't do / If you were hangin' with diamonds, man, you'd have no chance !" Fitzstephen's lip quivered, and his dark cheek paled. A tremour shook his whole frame, and the words he might not utter swelled his heart almost to bursting. Yet so great was his self-control that he replied, in a calm, passionless voice : " It were a strange tale to be told in Galway streets that Giles Fitzstephen had a quarrel with one of the Claddagh men. For myself I should be doubly sorry for such a thing to occur at the present time, and that for the same' reason that brings me here to-night, and has brought me some few times before. I forgive your blustering, Shan! because I know you are labouring under a mistake of some kind—you are in luck, be well assured—make the best of it, then, and don't be knocking your head against the rock like a great fool. If ou run fast now, you may overtake some hat you'll be glad to see—well for you, hat is sure to be well received! Goodight !" There was something in the tone of itzstephen's voice that Shan did not ike, and he was more than half inclined o give him the weight of his fist on the ide of the head. But then had he not aid it was all a mistake, and no one ever doubted his word? Had he not said that the business which brought him to the village should soon be known, and had he not stood by the Claddagh when it many a time needed his powerful word in Galway ? Shan's anger must have cooled down considerably when he could reason in this way, and Mr. Fitzstephen, as was natural, dreading a rupture just at that time with any of the fishermen, and especially with Shan Driscoll, was only too glad to take advantage of his quiescent state, and," bidding him once more good night, he turned his steps homewards. Shan stood for a moment looking after him with a surly, discontented look, but. .whatever were his thoughts he did not follow him although he kept muttering angrily to himself all the way home; "I'll.have my eye on him for the time to come," said ixe, as he raised the latch of his. solitary dwelling, ".'he's worth:a watching,' that same gentleman; but he met his'matoh wheu he met me—ha! ha ! : I'll be'iip to him, or my name's not Shan Driscoll! If it wasn't for him, this house wouldn't be as it is—an' och! but it it the lonesome plaoe now!—hard fortune to him! (ih! God forgive me, ; what am I sayin'—is it curain* him I'd be, heapin' sin on my own soul, an'it; to do no good either} It's the unlucky night for anyone to be a-foot, an' .Maureen knows it well—still an' all see how she went outto meet him !" It was both 'singularahd characteristic of the people that no evil suspicion of Maureen's virtue ever crossed the, young man's mind, irritated as it was by jealousy and a gowing dislike of Fitzstephen. Anxious to make another trial as regarded his matrimonial prospects, Shan put down a salt herring on the embers to broil, and when it was about done he, with much "mouthing" and many wry faces, contrived to swallow it body and bones, hoping thereby to propitiate Queen Mab and obtain at the hands of her pigmy majoaty an auspicious glimpse of the foture. Meanwhile Vara and her granddaughter had reached their own door ; but, before they entered, the old woman, laying her hand on Maureen's arm, told her to "stop a minute." "Well ! granny, what is it?" " Don't be afeard of me, avourneen! I'm not goin' to say an ill word to you this time—but listen to me, Maureen !— I had a dream a little while ago, an' it troubled me very sore. I thought I was tryin' your mother's ring on you, an' it wouldn't go on your finger—that was bad enough, achorra ! but it was nothing to what I dreamed last night of all—" "And what was that, granny astore ?" said Maureen, eagerly. " I dreamed, agra machree!" and Vara fixed her piercing eyes on those of her granddaughter, "I dreamed that I seen a ring put on your finger by one that I don't wau't to mention—but the ring wasn't your mother's ring—nor them that put it on one of ourselves." Had it been daylight, Vara would have seen a ghastly paleness succeeding a burning blush on Maureen's face ; but u it was, she neither saw nor heard anything to remove or confirm her suspicions, for, at that moment, Randal opened the door, and seeing them there burst into a loud laugh, and asked was it plotting mischief they were, or what. CHAPTER XIII. THE Feast of All Saints passed off as such days always do in the Claddagh. The morning, or rather the forepart of the day, was scrupulously devoted to the sacred dutieB of religion, and the evening to sports and merry- making. The early twilight was closing with a cold, clear, frosty air, that denoted what is called a "clearing up" of the weather, and augured favourably for the morrow. There was Btill sufficient light to distinguish objects when two female figures approached the Claddagh from the direction of the city. Under the hood of the grey knapped cloak of one, it was very easy to discover the shrewd, sharp features of Noddy Kinshela, who, as usual, trudged along with a heavy yet rapid step, leaning on a stout, oaken staff, which, from its venerable appearance, might have done duty in the days of Old Noll, or " the Forty-one War." Who Noddy's companion was, it was not so easy to say, for the small, graceful figure was wrapped in a large cloak, and the face was carefully ooncealed by a long, thick veil. Notwithstanding her strange company it was plain that the cloak or mantle enveloped a person of gentle breeding, for there waB that about her figure from head to foot that betrayed the delicately-nurtured. Little conversation passed between the pair as they wended their way through the twisting, twining, bewildering little streets of the Claddagh, the lady drawing her veil closer as they went; an occasional remark from the beggar-woman was either answered not at all or in a low whisper on the part of her companion. On a sudden Noddy stopped, and peering down a narrow opening through which the misty waves of the Bay were visible, she exclaimed almost aloud : " Ah ? there she is, the darlin'—herself and little Nanno!" •Where—where, Noddy?" and the lady raised her veil and looked in the direction indicated by Noddy's finger. " There they are, ma'am I Don't you see them ?—daunderin' about like ghosts all alone on the beach—that's always the way it is with Maureen. She keeps by herself, you see, and doesn't even care to be with the other girls an' boys." "A strange fancy for one like her; was she always so 1" "Ever an' always, ma'am! ever an' alwayB—from the time she was the height of little Nanno she was just as you see her now, in regard to playin' her lone, an' the like o' that!" "Isn't it curious, Noddy, the liking •she has for Chatty—I mean that poor child 1" observed the lady, after they had stood for some moments looking at the strangely-mated ; companions, who were strolling-along the strand, the child eVery now and'then stooping to pick up a pebble oi''a shell, which she plaoed in her blue linen bUJ, gatherbd up in her little hands. *>' It's a pretty pipture,'' said the lady, when they had got near enough to see dearly what was going on; " Noddy, don't you think that girl handsome ?" "Handsome!" repeated Noddy, and she looked at her favourite with a mixture of prideand fondness in her old eyes that would have become Maureen's mother; " faix, then I do, ma'am ! an' more than that, I think she's a born beauty!" The lady smiled—it was a sad smile, too —aB she turned and fixed her soft eyes on her companion. "Noddy!" said she in a low, earnest tone, " you that knows so much about our family—past and presents-need not be told that the witchery oE that . girl's beauty has enchanted them that should never have come in its way." "I know it, ma'am, dear!" and Noddy's usually sharp voice sank to the same undertone, '' but I see you're tremblin'—sit down on this bench— there's nobody within hearin', so you needn't fear—they're about their own sport in-doors, except the pair that's down before us. I know what you mean —an' now that you broke the ice, I suppose I may make Would to say a word to you about it. Before we go any further in the business, I wan't to find out from you, whether you think she's in any danger ?" pointing at Maureen as she spoke. There was a dead pause, during which Mrs. Beehan—for she it was—seemed agitated by some strong emotion, but at last, clearing her throat once or twice, she replied in a tremulous tone : "In the presence of God, Noddy Kinshela! I think not. I know—oh, yes ! I do well—what a noble heart she has to deal with—a high-spirited, generous heart, full of the kindliest and tenderest of feelings—that heart may break in the struggle between pride and affection—but pure and guileless it will be while its pulse beats—good Lord! the child! the child!" and with a wild scream she was Btarting towards the beach, but Noddy catching her arm detained her, begging her to remain where she was. "Don't you see she only missed her foot on the beach—there Maureen has her up in her arms!" " The Lord be praised 1 I thought she fell in the water,. poor unfortunate creature; and if she did, die might not again escape—we could not expect a second miracle. But hadn't we better go on nowP Noddy, Noddy! don't you find a great change in me P" " For the better I do, ma'am! Glory be to God!—och! och! but it's the true sayin' for the Wise Man that said it: ' Out of evil comes good!'—are yon able to walk now, Mrs. Behan, dear ? If you are let us be movin', for I'd wish to be in and have a word with Aileen before they get there." (To be continued.) 