Sir Gibbie. Bt GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XLIX. — The Houseless. The minister kept Gibbie hard at work, and by the time Donal's last winter came, Gibbie was ready for college also To please Mr. Sclater he competed for a bursary, and gained I a tolerably good one, but declined accepting it. His I guardian was annoyed; he could not see why he should refuse what he had ' earned.' Gibbie asked him whethe it was the design of the founders of those bursaries that rich boys should have them. Were they not for the like of Tinnnl ? WliprAiiTwiTi Mr. Kf-latar nonid not keln remember ing what a difference it would havernade to him, in his early i struggles, if some rich bursar above him had yielded a place — and held his peace. j Daur- street being too far from Elphinstone college for a : student to live there, Mr. Sclater consented to Gibbie's lodging with Donal, but would have insisted on their taking ; rooms in some part of the town— more suitable to the young j baronet's position, he said ; but as there was another room ; to be had at Mistress MurMson'Sj Gibbio insisted that one : who had shown them so much kindness must not be for- j paken ; and by this time he seldom found difficulty in having | his way with his guardian. Both he and his wife had I come to understand him better, and nobody could under- ' stand Gibbie better without also understanding better all that was good and true and right: although they hardly knew the fact of themselves, the standard of both of them had been heightened by not a few degrees since Gibbie came to them ; and although he soon ceased to take direct, notice of -what in their conduct distressed him, I cannot help thinking it was not amiss that he uttered himself as he did at the first ; knowing a little his ways of thinking, they came to feel his judgment unexpressed. For Mrs. Sclater, when she bethought herself that she hadeaid or done some thing he must count worldly, the very silence of the dumb boy was a reproof to her. ' One night the youths had been out for a long walk, and came back to the city late, after the shops were shut. Only here and there a light glimmered in some low-browed little place, probably used in part by the family. Not a soul was visible in the dingy region through which they now approached their lodging, when round a corner, moving like a shadow, came, soft-pacing, a ghostly woman in rags, with a white, worn face, and the largest black eyes, it seemed to the youths, that they had ever Been— an apparition of awe and grief and wonder. To compare a great thing to a small, she was to their eyes as a ruined, desecrated shrine to the eyes of the saint's own peculiar worshipper. I may com pare her to what I please, great or small — to a sapphire set m tin, to an angel with draggled feathers ; for far beyend all comparison is that temple of the Holy Ghost in the desert — a woman in wretchedness and rags. She carried her puny baby rolled hard in the corner of the scrap of black shawl. To the youths a sea of trouble looked out of those wild eyes. As she drew near them, she hestitated, half stopped, and put out a hand from under the shawl — stretched out no arm, held out only a band from the wrist, white against the night. Donal hod no money. Gibbie had a shilling. The hand closed upon it, a gleam crossed the sad face, and a murmur of thanks fluttered from the thin lips as she walked on her way. The youths breathed deep, and felt a little relieved, but only a little. The thought of the woman wandering in the dark and the fog and the night was a sickness at their hearts. Was it impossible to gather such under the wings of any night-brooding hen ? That Gibbie had gone through so much of the same kind of thing himself, and had found it endurable enough, did not make her case a whit the . less pitiful in his eyos, and indeed it was widely, sadly different from his. Along the deserted street, which looked to Donal like a waterless canal banked by mounds of death, and lighted by phosphorescent grave-damps, they followed her with their eyes, the one living thing, fading away from lamp to lamp ; and when they could see her no farther, followed her with their feet; they could not bear to lose sight of her. But they kept just on the verge of vision, for they did not want her to know the espial of their love. Sud denly she disappeared, and keeping their eyes on the spot as well as they could, they found when they reached it a little shop, with a red curtain, half torn down, across the glass door of it. A dim oil lamp was burning within. It looked like a rag-shop, dirty and dreadful. There she stood, while a woman with a bloated face, looking to Donal like a feeder of hell-swine, took from some secret hole underneath a bottle which seemed to Gibbie the very one his father used to drink from. He would have rushed in and dashed it from her hand, but Donal withheld him. ' Hoots!' he 6aid, ' we canna follow her a' nicht; an' gien we did, what better wad she be i' the Hiornin' ? Lat her be, puir thing !' She received the whisky in a broken tea-cup, swallowed some of it eagerly, then, to the horror of the youths, put Fomeof it into the mouth of her child from her own. Draining the last drops from the cup, she set it quietly down, turned, and without a word spoken, for sho had paid beforehand, came out, her face looking just as white and thin as before, but having another expression in the eyes of it. At the sight, Donal's wisdom forsook him. ' Eh, wuman,' he cried, ' you wasna what yo had the shillin' for? ' ' Ye said naething,' answered the poor creature humbly, and walked on, hanging her head, and pressing her baby to her bosom. The boys looked at each other. ' That wasna the gait yer shillin' sud hae gane, Gibbio,J' said Donal. ' It's clear it wanna dee to gee shillin's to sic like as her. Wha kens but the hunger an' ihe caul', an' the want o' whisky may be the wuman's evil things here, 'at she may 'scape the hell fire o' the Rich Man here ifter?' He stopped, for Gibbie was weeping. The woman and hev child he would have taken to his very heart, and could do nothing for them. Love seemed helpless, for money was useless. It set him thinking much, and the result appeared. From that hour the case of the homeless haunted his heart and brain and imagination ; and as his natural affections found themselves repelled aud chilled in what is called Society, they took refuge more and more with tho houseless and hungry and shivering. Through them, also, ho now, for the first time, began to find grave and troublous ques tions mingling with his faith and hope ; so that already he began to be rewarded for his love : to the true heart every doubt is a door. I will not follow and describe the opening of these doors to Gibbie, but, as what he discovered found always its first utterance in action, wait until I can show the result. For the time the youths were again a little relieved about the woman — following her still, to a yet more wretched part of the city — they saw her knock at a door, pay something, and be admitted. It looked a dreadful refuge, but she was at least under cover, and shelter, in such a climate as ours in winter, must be the first rudimentary notion of salvation. No longer haunted with tho idea of her \\* andering all night about the comfortless streets, 'like a ghost awake in Memphis,' Donal said, they went home. But it was long before they got to sleep, and in the morning their first words were about the woman. ' Gien only we hed my mither here !' said Donal. ' Mighth'tyou try Mr. Sclater?' suggested Gibbie. Donal answered with a great roar of laughter. 'He wad tell her she oucht to tak shame till her cl',' be said, ' an I'm thinkin' she's lang brunt a' her stock o' that&'rin'. He wad tell her she sud work for her livin', an' maybe there isna ae turn the puir thing can dee 'atony body wad gie her bawbee for a day o' ? — But what say ye to takin' advice o' Miss Galbraith? ' It was 6trange how, with the marked distinctions be tween them, Donal and Gibbie would even* now and then, like the daughters of the Vicar of Wakefield, seem to change places and parts. ' God can make praise-pipes of babes and sucklings,' answered Gibbie ; 'but it does not follow that they can, give advice. Don't you remember your mother saying that the stripling David was enough to kill a braggart giant, but a Fore-tried man was wanted to rule the people ? ' It ended in their going to Mistress Croale. They did not lay bare to her their perplexities, but they asked her to find out who the woman was, and see if anything could be done for her. They said to themselves she would know the con dition of such a woman, and what would be moving in her mind, after the experience she had herself had, better at least than the minister or his lady-wife. Nor were they disappointed. To be thus token into counsel revived for Mistress Croale the time of her dignity while yet she shepherded her little flock of drunkards. She undertook the task with hearty good will, and carried it out with some success. Its reaction on herself to her own good was remarkable. There can be no better auxiliary against our own sins than to help our neighbour in the encounter with, his. Merely to contemplate our neighbours will recoil upon us in quite another way : we shall see his faults so black, that we will not consent to believe ours so bad, and will imme diately begin to excuse, which is the same as to cherish them, instead of casting them from us with abhorrence. One day early in the session, a6 the youths were approach ing the gate of Miss Kirnblc's school, a thin, care-worn man, in shabby clothes, came out and walked along meet ing them. Every now and then he bowed his shoulders, as if something invisible had leaped upon them from behind, and as often seemed throw it off and with effort walk erect. It was the laird. They lifted their caps, but in return he only stared, or rather tried to stare, for his eyes seemed able to fix themselves on nothing. He was now at length a thoroughly ruined man, and had come to the city to end his davs in a cottage belonging to his daughter. Already Mr. Sclater, who was unwearicdly on the watch over the material interests of bis ward, had, through his lawyer, and without permitting his name to appear, purchased the whole of the Glashruacn property. For the present, however, ho kept Sir Gilbert in ignorance of the fact. ' Chapter L. — A Walk.' The cottage to which Mr. Galbraith had taken Ginevra, stood in a suburban street— one of those small, well-built stone houses common, I fancy, throughout Scotland, with three rooms and a kitchen on its one floor, and a large attic xrith dormer windows. It was low and wide-roofed, and tad a tiny garden between it and the quiet street. This garden was full of flowers in summer and autumn, but the tops of a few gaunt stems of hollyhocks, and the wiry strangling creepers of the honeysuckle about the eaves, was all mat snowed from the pavement. It had a dwarf wall of granite, with, an iron railing on the top, through which, in the season, its glorious colours used to attract many eyes, but Mr. Galbraith had had the railing and the gate lined to the very spikes -with boards : the first day of his abode he lad discovered that passers-by — not to say those who stood to stare admiringly at the flowers, — came much too near his faded but none the less conscious dignity. He had also put a lock on the gate, and so made of the garden a sort of propylon to the house. For he had. of late doreloped a tendency towards taking to earth, like the creatures that seem to have been created ashamed of them selves, and are always burrowing. But it was not that the late laird was ashamed of himself in any proper sense. Of the dishonesty of his doings he was as yet scarcely half conscious, for the proud man shrinks from repentance, regarding it as a disgrace. To wash'is to acknowledge the need of washing. He avoided the eyes of men for the mean reason that he could no longer appear in dignity as.laird of Glashraacli and chairman of a grand company ; while he felt as if something must have gone wrong with the laws of nature that it had become possible for Thomas Galbraith, of Glashruach, Esq., to live in a dumpy cottage. He had thought seriously of resuming his patronymic of Durrant, but reflected that he was too well known'to don that cloak of transparent darkness without giving currency to the idea that he had soiled the other past longer wearing. It would be imagined, he said, picking out one dishonesty of which he had not been guilty, that he had settled money on his wife, and retired to enjoy it. His condition was far more pitiful than his situation. Having no faculty for mental occupation except with affairs, finding nothing to do but to cleave, like a spent sailor, with hands and feet to the slippery rock of what was once his rectitude, such as it was, trying to hold it still his own, he would sit for hours without moving — a perfect creature, temple, god, and worshipper, all in one— only that the worshipper was hardly content with his god, and that a worm was gnawing on at the foundation of the temple. Nearly as motionless, her hands execpted, would Ginevra sit opposite to him, not quieter, but more peaceful than when a girl, partly because now she was less afraid of him. He called her, in his thoughts as he sat there, heartless and cold, but not only was she not so, but it was his fault that she appeared to him such. In his moral stupidity he would rather have seen her manifest concern at the poverty to which he had reduced her, than show tho stillness of a contented mind. She was not much given to books, but what she read was worth reading, and such as turned into thought while she sat. They are not the best students who arc most dependent on books. What can be got out of them is at best only material : a man must build his house for himself. She would have read more, but with her father beside her doing nothing, she felt that to take a book would be like going into a warm house, and leaving him out in the cold. It was very sad to her to see him thus shrunk and withered, and lost in thought that plainly was not thinking. Nothing interested him ; he never looked at the papers, never cared to hear a word of news. His eyes more unsteady, his lips looser, his neck thinner and longer, he looked more than ever like a puppet whose strings hung slack. How often would Ginevra have cast herself on his bosom if she could have even hoped he would not repel her! Now and then his eyes did wander to her in a dazed sort of animal-like appeal, but the moment she attempted response, ho turned into a corpse. Still, when it came, that look was a comfort, for it seemed to witness some bond between them after all. And another comfort was, that now, in his misery she was able, if not to forget those painful thoughts about him which had all these years haunted her, at least to dis miss them when they came, in the hope that, as already such a change had passed upon him, further and better changemight follow. She was still the same brown bird of old— a bird of the twilight, or rather a twilight itself, with a night of stars behind it, of whose existence she scarcely knew, having but just started on the voyage of discovery which life is. She had the sweetest, rarest smile — not frequent and flashing like Gibbie'e, but stealing up from below, like the shadowy reflection of a greater light, gently deepening, permeating her countenance until it reached her eyes, thence issuing in soft flame. Always, however, as soon as her eyes began to glow duskily, down went their lids, and down dropt her head like the frond of a sensitive plant. Her atmosphere was an embodied stillness; she made a quiet wherever she entered; she was not beautiful, but she was lovely; and her presence at once made a place such as one would desire lobe in. The most pleasant of her thoughts were of necessity those with which the two youths were associated. How dreary but for them and theirs would the retrospect of her life have been! Several times every winter they had met at the minister's, and every summer she had again and again seen Gibbie with Mrs. Sclater, and once or twice hod had a walk with them, and every time Gibbie had something of Donal's to give her. Twice Gibbie had gone to see her at the school, but the second time she asked him not to come again, as Miss Kimble did not like it. He gave a big stare of wonder, and thought of Angus and the laird ; but followed the stare with a swift smile, for he saw she was troubled, and asked no question, but waited for the understanding of all things that must come. But now, when or where was she ever to see them more ? Gibbie was no longer at the minister's, and perhaps she would never be invited to meet them there again. She dared not ask Donal to call ; her father would be indignant ; and for her father's sake she would not ask Gibbie : it might give him pain ; while the thought that he would of a certainty behave so differently to him now that lie was well-dressed, and mannered like a gentleman, was almost more unendurable to her than the memory of his past treatment of him. Mr. and Mrs. Sclater had called upon them the moment they were settled in the cottage; but Mr. Galbraith would see nobody. When the gate-bell rang, he always looked out, and if a visitor appeared, withdrew to his bedroom. One brilliant Saturday morning, the second in the session, the ground hard with an early frost, the filmy ioe making fairy caverns and grottoes in the cart-ruts, and the air so condensed with cold that every breath, to those who ate and slept well, had the life of two, Mrs. Sclater rang the said bell. Mr. Galbraith, peeping from the window, saw a lady's bonnet, and went. She walked in, followed by Gibbie, and would nave Ginevra go with, them for a long walk. Pleased enough with the proposal, for the ontsides of life had been dull as well as painful of life, she went and asked her father. If she did not tell him Sir Gilbert was with Mrs. Sclater, perhaps she ought to have told him ; but I am not sure, «.™ therefore am not going to blame her. When parents are not fathers and mothers, but something that has no name in the kingdom of heaven, they place the purest and most honest of daughters in the midst of perplexities. 'Why do you ask me?' returned her father. 'My wishes are nothing to any one now ; to you they never were anything.' ' I will stay at home, if you wish it, papa, — with pleasure,' she replied, as cheerfully as she could after such a reproach. 'TBy no means. If you do, I shall go and dine at the Red Hart,' he answered—mot having money enough in his possession to pay for a dinner there. I fancy he meant to be kind, but, like not a few, alas ! took do pains to look as kind as he was. There are many, however, who seem to delight in planting a sting where con science or heart will not let them deny. It made her miserable for a -while of course, but she had got so used to bis war of breaking a gift as he handed it, that she answered only with a sigh. When she was a child, his ungraciousness had power to darken the sunlight, but by repetition it had lost force. In haste she put on her little brown-ribboned bonnet, took the moth- eaten muff that had teen her mother's, and rejoined Mrs. Sclater and Gibbie, beaming with troubled pleasure. Life in her was strong, and their society soon enabled hereto forget, not her father's sadness, but his retreatment of her. £i fata end of the street they found Donal waitine them— without greatcoat or muffler, the tricture of such health as suffices to its own warmth, not a mark of the midnight student about him and looking very different, in town-made clothes, from the Donal of the mirror. He approached and saluted her wilh such an air of homely grace as one might imagine that of the Bed Cross Knight, when, having just put , on the armonr of a Christian man, from a clownish fellow he straightway appeared the goodliest knight in the company. Away they walked together westward, then tamed south ward. Mrs. Sclater and Gibbie led, and Ginevra followed wxthDonaL And they had not walked far before some thing of the delight of old times on Glashruach began to revive in the bosom of the too-sober girl. In vain she re minded herself that her father sat miserable athome, think ing of her probably as the most heartless of girls ; the sun, and the bright air like wine in her veins, were too much for ner ; Donal had soon made her cheerful, and now and then she answered his talk with even a little flash of merriment. They crossed the bridge, high-hung over the Daur, by which on that black morning Gibbie fled ; and here for the first time, with his three friends about him, he told on his fingers the dire deed of the night, and heard front Mrs. Sclater that the murderers had been hanged. Ginevra grew white and faint as she read his fingers and gestures, but it was more at the thought of what the child had come through, than from the horror of his narrative. They then turned to the sea, and came to the top of the rock-border of the coast, with its cliffs rent into gullies, eerie places to look down into, ending in caveras into which the waves rushed with bellow and boom. Although so nigh the city, this was always a solitary place, yet, rounding a rock, they came upon a young man, who hurried a book into bis pocket, and would have gone by the other side, but'perceiving him self recognised, came to meet them, and saluted Mrs. Sclater who presented him to Ginevra as the Rev. Mr. Duff. ' I have not had the pleasure of seeing you since vou were quite a little girl, Miss Galbraith,' said Fergus. * Ginevra said coldly she did not remember him. The youths greeted him in careless student fashion : they had met now and then for a mement about the. college; and a little meaningless talk followed. He was to preach the next day — and for several Sundays following— at a certain large church in the city, at the time without a minister ; and when they came upon him he was studying his sermon — I do not mean the truths he intended to press upon his audience — those he had mastered long ago — but his manuscript, studying it in the sense in which actors use the word, learning it, that Is, by heart laboriously, that the words might come from his lips as much like an extemporaneous utterance as possible, consistently with not being mistaken for one which, were it true as the Bible, would have no merit in tbe earsof those who counted them selves judges of the craft. The kind of thing suited Fergus, whose highest idea of life was seeming. Naturally capable, he had already made of himself rather a dull fellow : for when a man spends his energy on appearing to have, he. is all the time destroying what he has, and therein the very means of becoming what he deserves to seem. If he gains his end success is his punishment. Fergus never forgot that he was a clergyman, always carrying himself according to his idea of the calling; there fore, when the interchanges of commonplaces flagged, he began to look about him for some remark sufficiently tinged with his profession to be suitable for him to make, and for the ladies to hear as his. The wind was a thoroughly wintry one from the north-east, and had been blowing all night, so that the waves were shouldering the rocks with huge assault. Now Fergus's sermon, which he meant to use as a spade for the casting of the first turf of the first parallel in the siege of the pulpit of the North parish, was upon the vanity of human ambition, bis text being tbe grand verse — ' And so I saw the wicked buried, who hod come and gone from the place of the holy ; V there was no small amount of fine writing in the manuscript he had thrust into his pocket, and his sermon was in his head when he remarked, with the waf hire of a neatly gloved hand seawards — ' I was watching these waves when you found me : they seem to me such a picture of the vanity of human endeavour ! But just as little as those waves would mind me, if I told them they were wasting their labour on these rocks, will men mind me when. I tell them to-morrow of the emptiness of their ambitions.' ' A present enstance o' the vainity o* human endeavour !' said Donal. ' What fer end ye, in that case, gang ou preachin'. sae settin' them an ill exemple 'i ' Duff gave him a high-lidded glance, vouchsafing no reply. 'Just as those waves,' he continued, ' waste them selves in effort, as often foiled as renewed, to tear down these rocks, so do the men of this world go on and on spend ing their strength for nought.' ' Hoots, Fergus, I' said Donal again, in broadest speech, as if with its bray he would rebuke not the madness but silliness of the prophet, ' ye dinna mean to tell me yon. jaws (billows) disna ken their business better nor imagine they hae to caw doon the rocks ? ' Duff east a second glance of scorn at what he took for the prosaic stupidity or poveity-stricken logomachy of Donal, while Ginevra opened on him her big brown eyes, as much as to say, ' Donal, who was it set me down for saying a man couldn't be a burn ? ' But Gibbie's face was expect ant : he knew Dona]. Mrs. Sclater also looked interested : she did not much like Duff, and by this time she suspected Doual of genius. Donal turned to Ginevra with a smile, and said, in the best English he could command— ' Bear with me a moment, Miss Galbraith. If Mr. Duff will oblige me by answering my question, I trust I shall satisfy you I am no turn- coat.' Fergus stared. What did his father's herd-boy mean by talking such English to the ladies, and such vulgar Scotch to him ? Although now a magistrand — that is, one about to take his degree of Master of Arts — Donal was still to Fergus tho cleaner-out of his father's byres — an upstart, whose former position was his real one — towards him at least, wlio knew him. And did the fellow challenge him to a discus sion ? Or did he presume on the familiarity of their boy hood, and wish to sport his acquaintance with the popular preacher 'i On either supposition, he was impertinent. ' I spoke poetically/' he said with cold dignity. ' Ye'U excuse me, Fergus,' replied Donal, ' — for the sake o' auld langsyne, whan I was, as I ever will be, sair obh'gatit till ye^but i' that ye say noo, ye're sair wrang : ye wasna speykin' poetically, though I kenweel ye think it, or ye wadna say 't ; an' that's what garred me tak ye up. For the verra essence o' poetry is trowth? an' as sune's a word's no true, it's no poetry, though it may hae on the cast claes o' 't. It's nane but them 'at kens na 'what poetry is, 'at blethers aboot poetic license, an' that kin' o' hen scraich, as gien a poet was sic a gowk 'at naebody heedit hoo he lee'd, or whether he gaed wi' 's cwite {coat) hin' side afore or no.' ' I am at a loss to understand you — Donal? — yes, Donal Grant. I remember you very well ; and from the trouble I used to take with you* to make you distinguish between the work of the poet and that of the rhymester, I should hare thought by this time you would have known a little more about the nature of poetry. Personification is a figure of speech in constant use by all poets.' 'Oway! but there's true and there's fause personifica tion ; an' it's no ilka poet 'at kens the differ. Ow, I ken ! ye'll be doon upo' me wi' yer Byron,' — Fergus shook his head as at a false impeachment, but Donal went on — 'but even a poet canna mak lees poetry. An' a man 'at in ane o' bis gran'est verses cud haiver aboot the birth o' a young airthquack— losh ! to think o* 't growin' an Quid airth quack ! haith, to me it's no up talladeuk-quack ! sic a poet micht weel, I grant ye, be he ever sic a guid poet whan he tuik heed to what he said, he micht weel, I say, blether nonsense about the sea warrin' again' the rocks, an' sic stuff.' ' But don't you sec them ? ' said Fergus, pointing to a great billow that fell bock at the moment, and lay churning in die gulf beneath them. ' Are they not in fact wasting the rocks away by slow degrees ? ' ' What comes o' yer seemile than, anent the vanity o' their endeevour? But that's not what I'm carin' aboot. What I mainteen is, 'at though they div weir awa' therocks, that's naemair their design no if s the design o' a yewkv owse to kill the tree whan he rubs hit's skin an' his ain aff thegither.' 'Tut! nobody ever means, when he personifies the powers of nature, that they know what they are about.' ' The mair necessar1 till attreebute till them naething but their rale design.' ' If they don't know what they are about, how can you be so foolish as to talk of their design ? ' ' Ilka thing has a design— an' gien it dinna ken't itsel', that's jist whaur yer true an' laufu' personification comes in. There's no rizon 'at a poet sudna attreebute till a thing as a conscious design that which lies at the verta heart o' 'ts bein', the design for which it's there. That an' no ither Eud determine the personification ye gie a thing— for that's the trowth o* the thing. Eh, man, Fergus; the jaws is f echtin' wi' nae rocks. They're jist at their pairt in a gran' clea&sin;' hermony. They're at their hoosemnid's wark, day an' night, to baud the warl' clean, an* gran' an' bonnie they ring at it. Gitn I was you I wadna tell fowk ony sic nonsense as yon ; I wad tell them 'at ilk ane 'at disna dee his wark i' the warl', an' dee 't the richt gait, 's no the worth o' a minnin, no to say a whaul, for ilk ane o' thae wee craturs dis the we wull o' Him 'at made 'im wi' ilka whisk o* his bit tailie, fa'm' in wi' a' the jabble o' the jawa again' the rocks, for it's a' ae thing— an' a' to haud the mucklc sea clean. An' sae whan I lie i' my bed, an' a' at ance there comes a wee 6oughie o' win' i' my face, an'_ I luik up an* see it was naething but the wings o' a flittin' flee, I think wi' raysel' hoo' a' the curses are but blessin's 'at ye dinna see intill. an' hoo ilka midge, an' flee, an' muckle dronin' thing 'at gangs aboot singin' bass, no to mention the doos an' the mairtins, an' the craws, an' the kites, an' theoolets,an' the muckle aigles.an' the butterfiees, is a' jist haudin* the air gauin' 'at ilka defilin' thing may bee weel rurnt ower, an' brunt clean. That's the best I got oot o' my cheemistry last session. An' fain wad I haud air on' watter m motion aboot me, an' sae _ serve my en' — whether by waggin' w' my wings or whiskin' wi' my tail. Eh! it's jist won'erfu'. It's a' ae gran' consorht confusion o' hermony an' order : an' what maks the con fusion is only jist 'at a'thing's woikin' ad' naething site idle. But awa' wi' the nonesense o' ae tiling worryin' an' f etehin' at anither ! — no till ye come to boasts an' fowk, an' syne ye hae eneueh o' 't.' All* the time Fergus had been poking the point of his stick into the ground, a smile of superiority curling his lip. ' I hope, ladies, your wits are not quite swept away in this flood of Doric,' he said. ' You have a poor opinion of the stability of our brains, Mr. Duff,' said Mrs. Sclater. ' I was only judging by myself,' he replied, a little put out. ' I can't say I understood, our friend here. Did you?' ' Perfectly,' answered Mrs. Sclster, At that moment came a thunderous wave with a great bouffinto the hollow at the end of the gully on whose edge they stood. ' There's your housemaid's broom, Donal ? ' said Ginevra. They all laughed. ' Everything depends on how you look at a thing,' said Fergus, and said no more — inwardly resolving, however, to omit from bis sermon a certain sentence about the idle waves dashing themselves to ruin on the rocks they would destroy, and to work in something instead about the winds of tbe winter tossing the snow. A pause followed. ' Well, this is Saturday, and to-morrow is my work-day, you know, ladies,' he said. 'If you would oblige me with your address, Miss Galbraith, I 'should do myself the honour of calling on Mr. Galbraith.' Ginevra told him where they lived, but added she was afraid he must not expect to see her father, for he had been out of health lately, and would see nobody. 'At all events I shall give myself the chance,' lie rejoined, and bidding the ladies good-bye, and nodding to the youths, turned and walked away. For some time there was silence. At length Donal spoke. ' Poor Fergus ! ' he said with a little sigh. ' He's a good-natured creature, and was a great help to me ; but when I think of him a preacher, I seem to see an Egyptian priest standing on the threshold of the great door at Ipsam bul, blowing with all his might to keep out the Libyan desert; and the four great stone gods, sitting behind the altar, far back in the gloom, laughing at him.' Then Ginevra asked him something which led to a good deal of talk about the true and false in poetry, and made Mrs. Sclater feel it was not for nothing she had befriended the lad from the hills in the strange garments. And she began to think whether her husband might not be brought to take a higher view of his calling. On Monday Fergus went to pay his visit to Mr. Galbraith. As Ginevra had said, her father did not appear, but Fergus was far from disappointed. He had taken it into his head that Miss Galbraith Bided with him when that ill-bred fellow made bis rude, not to say ungrateful, attack upon him, and was much pleased to have a talk with her. Ginevra thought it would not be right to cherish against him the memory of the one sin of his youth in her eyes, but she could not like Mm;, she did not know why, but the truth was, she felt, without being able to identify, his un reality ; she thought it was because, both in manners and in dress, so far as the custom of his calling would, he was that unpleasant phenomenon, a fine gentleman. She had never heard him preach, or she would have liked him still less ; for he was an orator willful and prepense, choice of long words, fond of climaxes, and always aware of the points at at which he must wave his arm, throw forward his hands; wipe his eyes with the finest of large cambric handkerchief. As it was, she was heartily tired of him before he went, and when he was gone, found, as she sat with her father, that she could not recall a word he had said. As to what had made the fellow stay so long, she was therefore positively unable to give her father an answer;' the consequence of which was, that, the next time he called, Mr. Galbraith, much to her relief, stood the brunt of his approach, and received him. The ice thus broken, his ingratiating manners, and the full-blown respect he showed Mr. Galbrath enabling the weak man to feel himself, as of old, every inch a laird, so won upon him that, .when he took his leave, he gave him a cerdial invitation to repeat his visit. He did so, in the evening this time, and remembering a predilection of the laird's, begged for a game of backgam mon. The result of his policy was, that, of many weeks that followed, every Monday evening at least he spent with the laird. Ginevra was so grateful to him for his attention to her father, and his efforts to draw him out ot his gloom, that she came gradually to let a little light of favour shine upon him. And if the heart of Fergus Duff was drawn to her, that is not to be counted to him a fault—neither that, his heart thus drawn, he should wish to mairy her. Had she been still heiress of Glashruach, he dared not have dreamed of such a thing, but, noting the humble condition to which they were reduced, the growing familiarity of the father, and the friendliness of the daughter, he grew very hopeful, and more anxious than ever to secure the presenta tion to the North church, which was in the gift of the city. He could easily have got a rich wife, but he was more greedy of distinction than of money, and to marrv the daughter of the man to whom he had been accustomed in childhood to look up as the greatest in the known world was in his eyes like a patent of nobility, would be a ratifi cation of his fitness to mingle with the choice of the land. _____ ? 