CRICKET NOTES. Bx WHITB ROBB. Friday, January 24. To-morrow's match is the most momentous one of the season. It seems to be regarded as the pivot upon which hinges the fate of the Challenge Cup of the season of 1878-9. And the best of it is that the result of the game is as uncertain as the result of the preliminary toss. Earlier on in the season nearly everybody believed the North Adelaides would carry all before them and that the Norwoods would not have a ghost of a chance In the return match. It was flat heresy to say anything to the contrary then, but times change ana people with them, so that now there are a few who still pin their faith to the Norwoods and believe they will oome off conquerors to-morrow. Even the friends of the North Adelaide Club look with somewhat anxious minds on the fact that the owners of the red and white stripes have of late been improving, while the wearers of the orange and blade colours have been defeated by the Hindmarsh men during the present month, and have not lately been showing such marked superiority as they did in the earlier matches. Still their average scores so far are materially in excess of the Norwoods. They have scored 711 runs in six innings and with 9 wickets to spare, while the Norwoods have only made 751 runs in seven innings less 4 wickets. In round numbers, therefore, the " holyboys" have scored 140 per innings and the quondam champions only about 115. But the Norwood men have got their opponents' wickets for an average of less than 55 runs per innings, while the opponents of the North Adelaides have on the average cost them about 66 runs per innings. . The names of the players in to- morrow's match have been kindly placed at my disposal. They show that A. E. Ayers, late of the South Australians, has gone over to the North Adelaides, and that they are also to hav<; the assistance of Mitchell, a second eleven bowler. These two men take the place of Scott and Robin, who are oat of town. The team is stronger in bowling than ever. If numbers go for anything the North Adelaides have the advantage—no less than seven of their eleven being trundlers. The Norwoods, ever strong in this respect, have got the help of H. A. Gooden and Le Beau, and their team includes six bowlers. The names of the North Adelaide eleven are—Phillips, Bevan, Ballard, Barnes, Botten, Slight, Pettenger, Norman, Torode, Mitchell, and Ayers. The Norwood team will be —J. E. Gooden, H. A. Gooden, Whitridge, Giffen, Lucas, Traynor. Burnet, McMichael, Blinman, Le Beau, and Denness. Lucas has been ill, and in case he is unable to play F. Chapman has been chosen to take his place. Prophesying ii a dangerous game at any time, but especially so in regard to cricket. However, I may oracularly remark that if the Norwoods get the best of the wicket, they will probably get the best of the game too. The special match on the Oval on Saturday, February 1, ought to prove a dose and interesting one. The Twenty- two juniors have some very promising colts amongst them, and not a few of them have figured on the Oral before. But the Association Eleven is a strong one, end I think they will find their work cut out for them. . The surprise of the season thus far was that extraordinary match which took place on Saturday last between the Hindmarsh and South Australian Clubs. The Bricks had vanquished the hitherto nnconquered North Adelaides, and then they allowed themselves to be beaten ky a club that has never once shown to the front since the season began. Extremes meet <ncasionally, and at cricket we look for surprises. But this was too great a surprise to pass unnoticed. And now comes the rumour that ..Noel : —to whom the credit of the victory is undoubtedly due—intends leaving the Stuth Australians and joining the Hindmarsh. It would be a good thing for cricket if he would do so, as he is one of our best all-round men and be would materially strengthen an aleady strong club, and the North Adelaides and Norwoods might not then have the honouis all to themselves. His innings of 38 was a splaidid one, and his six wickets for -18 runs prove that he is skilful with the ball as well as the bat Apropos of Charley Bannerman having been engaged as professional by the Melbourne Cricket Club for two years, I am reminded of the time when three years ago he entered into a similar contract with the South Melbourne Club. He played with them against Ease Melbourne and scored 70. But they left him out of the Victorian Eleven who were to play igainst the New South Welshmen. He was nettled at this, and rather than not have a hand in the game he played for the Sidney team,and by scoring 83 runs he won the match for the Welshmen against the colony in whick he had been a resident professional cricketer is a few months. No wonder he went back t« Sydney after that. The wonder is that the Victorians have ever forgiven him. Perhaps, howtver, they see they cannot do better elsewhere. The unwritten law about appeariig in club uniform and In while playiig in cup matches has lately been honoured mire in the breach than the observance by members of two or three clubs. I have heard ompWints made week after week, but these quut hints do not seem to have had much effect. 31ack hats are not very suitable to our climate h summer time, much less to the crieket field,and a few dark pairs of trousers spoil the aptearanceof any field, be-it even composed of 8>uth Adelaideans or men of Kent. 0BT WORTH I^wownra.—That &e; largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises ia Adelaide, and «ba Best, most Sr " " -— « • Ven'«, Youths', «tOax>aw.fl street TMoi ta lks tost :fertt»* c* 