On the JrfSth of April Mr. John Bbight delivered one 't those annual addresses to his constituents which attract the leading men of a dozen countries to 'Birmingham to listen to the eloquence of the gro&tust; living orator. It is a remarkable feature o£ -English political life that the public dbtb a great deal wore attention to addresses delivered outside Parliament, than to the debates which take place u itlun the walls of St. Stephens. And certainly the newspapers give much fuller reports of an oi-atidii of Jlr. Dkigiit, at Birininghani, or of Mr. Glaustone, at Greenwich, than Uiey would of tlie most important speeches of tlie same right liououralilo gontlomen addressed to thn Speaker o£ tlie Houscj of Commons. And thus the masses of the old country are still swayed by the clear exposition, and the lucid reasoning of tho great popular orators who bave done bo much to form pulriic opinion during the lost half-century. Mr. Bbight's words are of the more value in tho light of the recent telegram that the Liberals wore iietive and confident of the result of the noxt.geueiul election. He expressed the opinion that, tlie Government would be compelled by cir cumstances to dissolve in the coming autumn, aUJiough, according to the Septennial Act, tho Parliament has still another year of lifo. If Uiis should prove to be the case, one of the severest struggles for power known to this generation will take place, for m.'vei- have political parties been more bitterly opposed to each other. Nor is it merely personal 'animosity against the leaders, although Lord Ukacoksfikld and Mr. Gladstonb nro most cordially hated by 'the antagonistic sections, but three-fourths of,. -the ordinary electors are filled with the utiitoBt contempt for the policy of their opponents. Mr. Bkight, in his tcrBe and straight forward 5iy]e, expresses an estimate of the present Miuist/y which would be_ endorsed by almost every Libi',*al. ' They have in my view played falsely lK'ih with Parliament and with the country. They bare wasted, and are now wasting, the bloodnnd 'treasure of our people. They have tarnished the mild reign of tho Queen by needless wars and slaughter on two continents, and by menace of nuwlless wars in Europe. They have soiled the fair uivnic of England, otter the population of a pro vincu.l'.ad been freed by Eussiii through war and trutfy , by bunding it over to the cruel and odious Government of the Turk— beyond this they have in my view shown, during a period of five years through wliich they have been in possession of ofliuenndof power, that they are imbecile «thome ini.j turbulent and wicked abroad.' ' Holding views such as this,J it is not sur prising that men of public spirit ave entering upon the electoral contest with intense earnestness and vi|g-nir. And there is every prospeot of a very considerable change in tlie balance of power, for it is generally admitted that the rampant jingoism upon which Lord Beaconsfield relied, and to which he appealed with groat success, has gone out of fashion, and can no longer be relied upon to win nn electoral batt.k-. l in.- failure ot a great and ' bouncing' foreign I policy is complete, ami there is nothing surprising in (his, for almost nil the great policies, ue Mr. IJkjout shous, havo ended in failure. The gyftit -wars afe'amst, France did not, pre vent France becoming a KupuMic, and the 'Criuienn war resulted in a treaty, almost o very pro vision of which has been since abrogated; and the wurlike prepa rations and ' lugh-falutin ' des patches of British Government last' year have not lwen more successful iu arresting the march of events. Great Britain has undertaken the most extensive responsibilities ; she is more or less re sponsible for the good government of all the eouni lies irom the Adriatic Sea to the frontiers of China, and few steps have buen taken to fulfil her new reponsibilities. All this has. been under taken avowedly in the interests of India, and Mr. Biu-x)ir does good service iu estimating1 the value of India to the people of Great, Britain. It is, said that India affords a magnificent outlet for the manufactured products of tlie old country, but the figures wliich the orator brings result obtained from bo *«sp a dependency. Tho two hundred and thirty millions of the subjects of thn Eui'itKss of India do not take a greater value of British manufacl uroe than the four millions of-Dutehinen, nor twice as much as the five mil lions ot Belgians, nor nearly as much as the three great manufacturing nations — Germany, France, and the United States. And, in order to retain this- trade of twenty -four millions, which of late has been moat unremunerative, the Eng lish people continue in a perpetual fear of Russian aggression, and spend many more millions a year In guarding against danger than the possible profits of the trade. If the British Government could onco more manage to allay this Russian ghost which perpetually haunts the minds of a certain tlaes of Englishmen, and could {urrnnge some modus vivendi by which the tropical Asiatic empires could remain in permanent harmony, not in a Btate of armed peace, not a voice would be heard Buggestr ing the abandonment of that empire which ought to bo the prido of every subject of Hbb Majebttj but if the Government pereigta in impressing the industrial energies of India, and in burdening the English taxpayers in order to keep the world in turmoil about the road to India, and the frontiers of India, the cry will go up froui famished work, ing men — 'Mook us no jonger, the Eastern emptnt is a burden, net a blowing.' A cGrrecnoudent wr.tuK, informing us that Con Btabju EjiroaJe saved a house jp the neighbourhood of Phillip-tti-eet from being robbed. The Sydney bpaaeh of the Australian and Enropcan Bank still continues shut. On the door is a notice — 'Bank closed; expept to .re-open shortly.' ThehCad .office in Melbournfl.iowwer, has beanos-opened',-? - -^ 