MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. M. W. O'Connor (formerly tbe esteemed agent of Lord Longford), has been appointed agent over tbe Matquis of Headfort's estates in Meath and Gavan. The Limerick Reporter of 4th February, says :—" A ridiculous tale is prevalent in Garryowen that the ghost of Thomas Coneen, who was executed on the 10th of last month in the county of the city of Limerick gaol, has made its appearance near tbe scene of the murder of Johanna Hogan and her ohild. Some late-outers are said to have been so appalled by the questionable vision that one of them lies sick of fright." The British Medical Journal, in an account of tbe proceedings at the close of the Winter session of the Army Medical School at Netley, says:—"Professor Maclean read out the list of names of tbe gentlemen who had passed the final examination in their order of merit, and then announced the names of the winners of the Herbert prize and of the Martin and Parkes medals. Mr. T. EL Sweeney, who had been eduoated in Dnblin, took both the Herbert prize and tbe Parkes medal; while Dr. D. F. Barry, who had received his professional edncation at the Queen's College, Cork, carried off tbe Martin memorial prize. The Mayo Examiner says that Mr. Augustas M. Moore, the third son of tbe late George Henry Moore, M.P., for Mayo, has been asked by tbe members of the Wexford Independent Club to contest tbe county of Wexford at the next election. Mr. Moore is at present engaged on a life of his father. Dr. Samuel B. Brown, L.K.Q.C.P.I., and L.B.C.8.1., senior medical officer, Waterford Dispensary, died on 15th Febrnary, at his residence, Lady- lane, in that city, at tbe early age of 34, of congestion of the lungs. The Cork Corporation met on 10th February to elect a City Surveyor. There were four candidates. Two were proposed, namely —Messrs. M. 3. McMullen and Matthias O'Keefie. The latter was elected by a majority of 28 to 22. The Freeman's Journal relates that lately a strange gentleman visited the High Park Asylum at Drumoondra, and after seeing tbe work in which it was engaged placed a cheque for £500 in the hands of the Superioress. Mr. B. Harris Flynn, head master of the Grammar School, Dundalk, was on 19th February unanimously elected by the Erasmus Smith Board to the vacant head mastership of Ennis College. John Quinlan, for many years editor of the Dublin Evening Post, died recently. He rendered the country substantial service by an enlightened and uncompromising advocacy of the rights and liberties of his fellowcountrymen.—Wexford Independent. Mr. A. M. Sullivan's invention of a railway brake (says the Catlwlic Times) is, we are glad to say, likely to result in profit to the hon. gentleman. He has received a favourable offer from Messrs. Ransomes and Bapier, the largest manufacturers of railway plant in this country, and the Midland Railway is fitting waggons with the brake forpractical trial. Up to the present the Lord Lieutenant has not appointed a city High Sheriff for Waterord. The position last year cost Mr. Henry Lee over £300. That gentleman states that if no appointment is made prior to the assizes, he will positively refuse to act; so that, in all probability, when the City Judge of Assize arrives, he will either have to put his hand into 'his pooket and defray his own expenses, or, dispensing with all " the pomp and circumstances of judicial display, resort to "Shanks' maze," and, trudging to the courthouse, ingloriously enter upon his Important functions. On 18th February eighteen of the Catholio Bishops of Ireland met at Maynooth College and agreed to a strongly-winded protest censoring 'the Government few the manner they have dealt -frith the question of Irish tJktivendty 'edubation,''' An interview upon the s»bjeot re«5totty'tbok place between the Lord Lieutenant i and three or four of the Bishops. The picturesque scenery around Lismore has been still further opened up by a new walk extending from the Lismore to the Cappoqtiin boundary road, and oalled " The St. Vincent de Paul Walk," in compliment to the society. Mr. F. E. Curry, J.P., of lasmore Castle, agent to the Duke of Devonshire, was, it appears, requested by the members of the confraternity to give some additional employment to the labouring class, who, in consequence of the depression throughout the locality, were deprived of work and of all means of livelihood. Mr. Curry at once consented, and caused this new work to be made. The wife of a carpenter named Frank Drohan, who hails from Kilmacthoma*, recently presented her lord and master with triplets, two boyB and one girl. She, it appears, is Drohan's third spouse, he having within the last quarter of a century " draped his heart in widows weeds" twice before. He can now bestow a paternal and patriarchal benediction on thirty-two living fac simiks of himself. On the application of Father D. Hearne, the "Royal Bounty" of £3 to the happy family has been forwarded. Mr. John O'Hart is a welt-known Gaelio scholar in Dnblin, (says the Boston Fifotj, who has published a book on Gaelio names. Bat he is not satisfied; he courts distinction ; and he tries to gain it by proving in tbe English press that Queen Victoria is of Irish extraction. Mr. O'Hart goes on to prove it, with names and dates, and, when he has done, one would think he might rest satisfied. But no; he is insatiable. Not only does he prove that Queen Victoria is Irish, but that she springs from tbe same stock as the O'Harts—indeed, that she is sort of cousin of his. Let him be appointed without delay Grand Silver-Stick in waiting. " Onr precious Qaeen," says this Gaelic worm," springs from tbe 112th MOD arch of Ireland, who was the ancestor of my family 1" Among the ten thousand volumes, forming the library of the late Mr. Adolphus Cooke, offered for sale in Dablin reoently, was tbe famous " Mexican Antiquities," by Lord Kingsborougb, who spent npon the work a sum variously stated at from £32,000 to £60,000, and devoted to it all his time, his fortune, and, in the end, bis life. It oonsists of nine magnificent volumes, published at the price of £235 103. Tbe Freeman's Journal asserts that" there is not a more popular member among the Irish party than Charles Stewart Parnell. Were the Irish people polled to-morrow, they would, by an overwhelming majority, elect the member for Meath as their uncrowned king. Almost at a bound he bad leaped to tbe highest pinnacle of popularity, and tbe popularity which be baa won iB grounded npon a good and solid foundation. It does not spring from an unreasonable confidence nor from a hasty waywardness. Mr. Parnell has in his character all the elements that could win either a cool, thinking,- or-a passionate race. He is a hard reasoner, and his logic is inoisive and convincing. He is eloquent, but his eloquence is not besmeared witti rouge. He thinks Bternly and speaks sternly, and it is at once made known to tbe listener that he is an earnest man, who thoroughly believes all he says, and is, moreover, prepared to make great sacrifices for his oonviotions. If Mr. Butt possessed just half hiB earnestness and determination, tbere can be no question whatever but that every legitimate demand of Ireland would find, before many years, a ready solntion." Much surprise is expressed by traders and others in Boyle that the authorities have,not sent as usual any military detachment to occupy the splendid barracks which has been lying idle for the last eight monihB. It is understood that in the event of the Roscommon Militia being trained thiB year at the Curragh Camp the War Offioe will be memo rialled on the subject. Alderman M'Cartby, late ex-Mayor of Kilkenny, died at his residence, Barrack-street, on 13th February. He had been ailing for some months, and during hiB mayoralty was not very able to attend to bis duties from repeated attacks of illness. In private and public life he was a thoroughly honest, upright man, and in politios he was a staunoh Home Baler. The fiscal authority of every county in Ireland is wholly beyond the oontrol of the ratepayers. Will it be believed that, over JB1,000,000 a year is levied on the counties by a body of men with whose selection or appointment they have nothing whatever to do ? This is taxation- without representation with a vengeance. It would be a curious but painfnl yet profitable examination to go through tbe half-yearly presentments of the Grand Jurors to the judges at assizes for the moneys stated to be required by the Grand Juries |for carrying on the business of each county. For instance, what public body, in the election of which the people had a voice, would tolerate for & day the gross imposition of a tax "for extra constabulary police services," such as is charged to every county in Ireland by the Grand Juries, and amounting to something like £30,000 a year? That little sum would go a good way towards the reclamation of waste lands, , and the donsegti&nt; employment of nowrtarvinglabbur. Sttlf^ly, £1,030,000 odd, the amount of the' constabulary vote, ought to be /sufficient:— Freeman. • »" ••• The Ulster Examine^ considers ;the representative of King's county, Sir P. ^O'Brien/ as the worst sptoimen of toe bad members of Parliament. It says': " The Home Bule League .and the Home Bole' League Counbil, ft's 'at present constituted, Wre but a huge sham and Imposition put npon tbe lrish people. Ihey „ aw' nothing - less {with wane I notable and brilliant «xoep»ion«)that Whig advocates in disguise. The sooner the whole thing is blown tip the better. To read over the meeting of the council for the co-operation of members, and the meeting of the League, is a moet siokening thing. It wonld make any sincere man almost throw np the eponge, and declare there was really no hope lor Ireland. The most honest and steadfast -and hard- working public men were rejeoted, and the working of the Home Bale programme is rotten, and rotten to the eore, .As a proof of this, we seed but eay tbat Sir P. O'Brien, M P., and Dr. Ward, M.P., are members of the council and direetors of the •movement. If onr enemies had tbe selection of members they oonld not choose worse, and they are but a fair sample. Sir P. O'Brien M.P., who acted as whip, wrote to a'prominent member of the Leagne, saying : " For God's sake be at the League meeting early, lor we want to trample on that Parnell and his foolish following." The whip, however, had mistaken his man, and it was only through fear of making oonfusion worse confounded tbat the gentlemau withheld bringing tbe matter before the meeting.— Freeman. On 8tb February the dead body of a •mfl?on, named Daniel Donovan, was fonnd 'in the county Waterford mountains, between • Olonmel and the valley of tbe Nire. It • appears tbat the deceased left Olonmel about; a fortnight previous, filler a beavy fell of snow, to return to his house near ihe ohapel of tbe Nire. He walked along the road towardsLyrenearls, and tock a short out by a bridle pa;b over the Punchbowl, a deep •"recess on tbe mountain Hide, but he foundered from exposure before he reached bis bouBe. Sis lifeless body was found lying oo a fence beside an unfrequented part, where he sat ' down benumbed with tbe cold and died. A Large number of people left Strabane, • Newtownstewart, and Omagh recently for New Zealand. The emigrants were selected ! by Mr. R. T. Turbitt, New Zealand Government agent, Strabane, from whom they • obtained free passages, tbe single women • being also supplied with ship's outfit (bedding, mess ntensils, etc.) free of cost, and their travelling expenses paid to the -port of embarkation. Tbe steamer was specially cbartored by tbe New Zealand Government for tbe conveyance of the emigrants, and was expected to make the passage in about 45 days. Tbe recent burning of the Convent of the Saored Heart, at Ferrybank, which it is Relieved wasmalioious, has resulted in claims being served by the Sisters of the Saored Heart for £2500, and by tbe contractors for a similar amount. Mr. Lewis, M.P. for Derry, recently, in a speeob, gave his constituents " a piece of his mind." He declared against Home Kale, against tenant-right except for Ulster, and againtt the polioy of the Intermediate Education Act. He also deolared that if the Government brought in a bill for settling tbe University grievance in a manner satisfactory to tbe Catholics, he would, even if he stood alone, oppose it to the last; and he is still singing the old refrain, " That's what I'll do." On llth February, John P. Armstrong, one of tbe oldest magistrates of King's County, died at his residence, Claremont, Banagher, at the age of 80 years. An official report was reoeived, at Ennis, on 3rd February, by County Inspector Smith of a frightful oharge againut Police-oonstable Torpy, of Kilfenora—that of poisoning a subconBtable named Ward, at tbat station. It appears he had been only a tew days ill, and died, as was reported, of fever. Torpy, ftosompanied by another sub-constable, proceeded to the district headquarters at Bally- -vaughan to report the circumstances to Sub-instAotor Madders, when his fellowconstable turned round and deliberately «harged him with having caused Ward's death by poisoning, and that he administered poison to another policeman, who is now lying up from its eftecto. Torpy was at onoe put under arrest by the inspeotor, and the coroner notified to hold an inquest. The result of the post mortem examination will •show whether there is any ground for this frightful charge. Torpy was a very meritorious officer, and wore a ohevron. He is married, and has a family. Extensive Bogs exist in King's county whioh it is proposed to convert into a good -and oheap fuel. This has been tried several times, but hitherto without suoceEs, owing to eost of labour, which brought tbe prioe near -that of coal. It is now proposed to intro- •dues a maobine invented by Mr. Franklyn Dodge, whioh has been worked euooessfuily in America. Mr. Dodge, who has come to Ireland to place his experience before the people, states that for 25 years he has been • experimenting' with machines and finding them too expensive, finally invented a ••maobine himself whioh can turn oat one hundred tons per day, equal to the best coal, -•at a oost of 8s. per ton. It is intended to etart a company at onoe, Dodge to supply the vmaohine, whioh, with twelve shovellers, will - deliver on the drying ground one ton of ornde eat per minute, the neoessary fixtures X elng supplied by the eompany. Peat obar- •eoal manufactured by Sir. Dodgb, has considerable advantage over ooal, giving no •moke of noxious gas and producing a bright ^nd oheerfol fire.—Tipperary Advocate. At a late meeting of the Dublin corpora- -tioa the Lord Mayor reported tbat a letter bad been received from Mr. George Collins J^evy, 3eoretary of the Melbourne Interna- -tional Exhibition, forwarding4ooumentBand tbrpp, for the. information of such Tricih jnannVctuBBra a» proposed exhibiting. This' Shtbltlon Will be open from «fi» let of Mb® 31st of March. lSSl. Lady Blake, wife ofthe lafe Ur Thomas E. Blake. Bart., of UenloCutle, Btdfon lea January. The death is announced, on 4th of February, of Mr. John Murphy, of Thomas- street and Williamstown, Connty Dublin. Mr. Murphy had obtained wide celebrity as one of tbe moat snooesBful and eminent bell founders of the century. He famished bells nearly all over the world. In polities Mr. Marpby was a Liberal, and a devout Catholic. He was nearly eighty years old when he died. Mr. Patriok Johnson, LonghiniBland, died reoently. Mr. Johnson was a man of brilliant attainments, and enjoyed the reputation of being tbe best penman in the three kingdom;. Johnson's Copy-book," and its graceful lines traoed by his skilful band, will be a model for tbe youth of another generation. The series of copy-books he issued were the best ever given to the public. Tbe co- operation movement has been taken np by tbe farmers ofKildare, and for that objeot a meeting was held in Athy, on 6th February. The great disparity which exists between what the public pays for its necessities, and what the producer gets for them in the market, has caused the aotion adopted by the farmers, who desire to be brought into closer contact with tbe consumers. A. limited liability company is to be started with a capital of £5000, to be registered as the Tenant Farmers' Co-operative Supply Association. Atby has been selected as the seat of initial operations on acoount of its central situation and its advantages as a market town. All the business transacted will be on tbe pre- payment plan, and the directors will accept of no remuneration until snoh time as the profits shall Come up to ten per cent. A general meeting of the Arcbgeological Society of Ireland was held in Cork. Mr. Lenihan proposed:—" That we strongly protest against the destruction of the monumental remains at Dowth, oounty Meath, und that we respeotfully call upon Sir John Lubbuck, M.P., to extend to antiquities and national relics of this country the protection which those of England enjoy. We cannot in words sufficiently strong, denounce the barbarous destruction of tbe monumental remains at Dowth. We also request tbe attention of the oity and county members of Parliament to the subject." The resolution was seoonded by the O'Donovan, and adopted. The Tuam Herald says :—" Eaoh county could very easily contribute eaoh year for its representatives a sum of five hundred pounds at the least. Looking at the last oensus returns for the oounty of Mayo, we find that there ar6 over 40,000 inhabited houses, and eaoh of these represents a family. A contribution of sixpence from eaoh houee of 20,000 would realise the large sum of £500. Mr. Griffin, twenty-fiveyearspostmaster of the Curra gh Camp post-office, has been arrested for stealing letters. He was suspected, and a detective from Dublin was sent down to "cover" him. When arrested in the office, more than twenty letters some opened, others unopened, all addressed to other people, were found on him. Mr. Griffin is married, and has a large family. The emoluments of his office brought him £300 a year, and, in twelve months more, he would be entitled to retire on a large pension. He was respected by all who knew him. The two men held in custody in Donegal gaol have been released, on bail-—light bail, too. It iB now known that they will not be brought to trial. There is not sufficient evidence on whioh to proceed, and the unfortunate creatures, who are probably as innocent as the man in the moon, will hardly bo troubled again. Co that Lord Leitrim's assassins remain praotioally undiscovered. It is feared in looal circles, in Cork, that tbe Hon. Uliok Burke, brother of Lord Fermoy, has been killed at the late dieastrous engagement with the Zulus, at Rorke'e Drift. The reoent death is announced of Dr. Edward Ledwich, one of the best known and most eminent praotitioners and teachers in Dublin. In connection with his brother, the late Dr. Thomas Ledwioh, he directed the Ledwich School of Medicine in Peter-street, founded in 1810 by Dr. John Kirby, and with the same distinguished sargeon and anatomist wrote a treatise on anatomy, whioh is still a handbook in the schools. He was a Fellow and member of the Counoil of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, sargeon to Meroer'e Hospital, and professor of anatomy and physiology in the Ledwioh School. The movement of the West-Britons to resent " a national testimonial" from reland to tbe Duke of Connaught on the occasion of his marriage, has already become a ludicrous fiasco. The collection has everywhere fallen far' below tbe expectations of all concerned, and now the committee appointed to select the artiple to be presented to the Duke have chosen a second-hand candlestick some twenty or thirty years old! The question now is, will the Duke be.mean enough to take this old candlestick f—Boston Pilot. Hon. Charles Haripock, J.P.^Coweson, Athlone, d^ed on 15th February, aged 71 years. He was a barristerat-law, a magistrate, and agent. over, several large estates, in' which latter capacity he gave pniyersal satisfaction.. Deceased leaves, three spins and four daughters. ,•,'.."..'" ' .',, ' Alarge number of oattle have been recently .attaeked, with pleuro-pnpupionia,. in the Tireragh Barony. In pomp of . the best herds several - valuable. cattle .-have been slaughtered. "... ...•»;., v.- Keosntly Mr. George Crofton, brother and exeoutor of the late Mr. Henry if. J£, Crofton, J.P., Iwstynapjia, was .shojring t&«o>roperty to Mr., Dowse auctioneer,'Ormond Quay, Dublin, ananetion beingaboutto takeplaoe. Mr. Oicffton took np a " grenade," and, supposing it not to be charged, explained to Mr. Dowse tbe manner in whioh it should be used, and allowed it to drop on the ground. It tat onoe exploded with terrific force, the fragments being blown about in all directions. Portions of them straokMr. Crofton in one of the legs, inflicting severe injuries, and a piece entered the ealf of Mr. Dowse's left leg, leaving a large wound. Dr. Brew, of Wicklow, was immediately sent for, and he rendered all surgical assistance. Fortunately the wounds are not of a very dangerous nature. 