THE RUSH TO THE FANNING. ' Milch ester. Fridav. Messrs. Hansen and party have just returned from the Fanning River. They pronounce tho new goldfield there a failure, and to he only a si'-faco blow. Si'oktino. — Onboard the Egmont, en route for northern ports, is & colt by Maribyrnong — Miss Foote by Cossack, called The Mavis, whose destination is Messrs. Anninj? and Co.'s station. Reedy Springs, Northern Queensland, where he will stand at the stud. The Mavis was foaled in 1S75, and is consequently nearly four years old. Although ho has run several times down South his successes were not great but his undeniable breeding should prove of value to his present owners, who, at a future occasion, would favour us by any information as to his progeny. The Ball in aid of the Convalescent and Benevolent Homo at the Town Hall last evening was hardly a success, in a monetary point of view at any rate. Tho admission charge was fixed by the committee ? at the extremely low figure of five shillings, and this, it was thought, would induco a large atten dance. Not more thnn a. hundred ladies and gentlemen aesembled, however, and although most of tho refreshments were contributed, and tho expenses generally were cut down to tho utmost, tho net return to tho funds of the Homo must bs infinitesimal. Evidently cheap bulls aro a mistake. Those who did assemble, however, did not fail to enjoy themselves. Dancing — to music, by the bye,, of an in (HfVerent character, discoursed by an extremely weak nr.d inefficient baud — was kept up with great spirit until an early hour on Friday morning. ; Misceilanim. — The Settler will make her usual weekly excursion to the Bay to-morrow afternoon. — A service of song, entitled ' The Creation,' will bo rendered in Jireh Baptist Chape1, Fortitude Valley, this evening; also a .Borvico of sou-j, ' Uncle Tom,' in the Primitive Methodist Church, Leichhardt-street. — The official visitation of Lodgo St. Andrew,'S. 0., of Freemasons will take place this evening. — Thoro will bo an instruction drill of A, B, 0, and D Companies of Volunteers to-morrow .after noon, — The Cup Muteh between the Albert and Brunswick Cricket Clubs will be resumed to-, morrow afternoon on the: Hamilton Ground.— A publio mooting of the Total Abstinence Society will be held in tho Temperance Hall, Edward-street, this evening.— The Her. 0. H. Haggar, will deliver a lecture on Good Temp, larism on Monday evening, in tho No w. Jeru salem Chutch, Wickham Terrace. Phtty Debts Court.— At the sittinc of thiB court yesterday, verdicts for the plaintiffs' for amounts claimed with ?costs were giVen in the following cases :— Widdop and Co. v.'B. Mac kintosh, claim 89., for goods sold; J. Daniels v. J. Griec, junr., claim £3 16s., for goodB sold 0\. H. Llewellyn t. Mary M'Ardle, olaim £2.' 2s., for serricos , performed at the defendant's requeBt. In tho ease of C. J. Gall v Georgo Doyle, olaim £14 6s. 4d., for goods , sold, the plaintiff was nonfuited, as the account which he filed did not state the dates on which the several articles wero ; Bupplied. This morning verdicts for the plaintiffs for nmounts : claimed, with costs of court- and professional costs, were given in the undermentioned cases:— 'W. Pocock;(ti'iiBtee in the estate of Muir, Warde, and Co.) v; Samuel Holmes, claim £16 19s.. lid., for goods supplied ; Jesse Paten v. Peter nin^lm. nluitn filO. fnr diimnrriMi RnfltniTind in consequence of .the defendant impounding his cattle, among which were milch cows.; Police. — At tho Police Ccurt this mornm!.', ? .three'; drunkards were discharged; ' Stephen Power, for ussaulting the polioo was fined £3^ in default of payment, ouo month's imprison ment ; and for, destroying Goyornmeut ' pro perty, ho was fined 10s., and.-ordored to pay a furthor sum of 10s., tho value of the , property' destroyed. Samujl. Black, summoned by H. Mas'eie, Crown Lands Ranger, for trespassing on certain Crown lands iu South Brisbane, wn» mulcted in the Hum of £3 3s. Gd. ;. Mr. Keane appeared for the prosecution. Thomas Dennis was fined fis. for neglecting to draw his licensed vohiclo near tho Bide of the Htreet whon taking up a passenger. , i ..... .. ^ Fotj-d. — The body of the man namrdJohn Smith, otherwise known aB Jemmy the Rush, who. throw himBelf into tho river from the punt; Esk early 'ouWodnefday morning, was fouud this morning floating in the. Btream' near the Victoria Bridge. The police took churge of the body and removed it to the morgue. An in quiry touohiug tho cuubo of death will be held in duo course. '?'; .. :. ' : .,', ? . Bakeb and Fauron.— ' The Governor' -waB repeated at the theatro luBt night, and again drew woll. This evening Messrs. Baker, and Farron will take a benefit, when ' LisiiEccIes' will be performed. Mr. Baker will appear as Heinrich JScc/m, nnd'Mr. Farron as Settle Slofel and Michael Slathcrty. A orowded house may be confidently xeliod on, especially as the per formance will bo the last of the season,, as the company will proceed to-morrow morning by the Egoiont to Bockhampton. . Bbicbane Made ;HATsi..-VIt ia not generally '. known that for somo tim'o past Mr. j'. Beattie, hatter, of Queen-Btreet, !hds boon manufactur ing a considerable proportion of tho fino colle'o. tion of hats ho exposes in' his shop window. A gontloman from this office to-day: inspected. Mr. Beattio's stock, and also the work-roomB.;; The hats aro of the various fasliibnablo shapes, and are of good material,, and well finished. ?Tho prices aro, if anything, lower1 than tho ordinary soiling rates' for similar ' goods of English manufacture. Mr.. Boattio is enabled to keep two men and a woman in constant em ployment, and no doubt the industry will surely and steadily increaso, as', it iB.'not estab lished' upon any of those' adventitious conditions which our friends tho protcotioniBtB aro so anxious to havo brought into force Mr. Beattie has 'nothing in his favour save that ' natural piotection' which evory country en-' joys. The freight on hats is considerably more than the'f reight on tho materials required to be imported ifor their manufacture, and in the difference lies Mr. Benttie'a profit.' |We hope the protectionists will be in the van of his patrons. . ' ; Clabke'b Annual-. — A copy of this useful work has been received. It- embraces 130 quarto pageB, and is admirably printed on ex cellent paper. Tho information furnished is calculated to prove of considerable advantage to farmers, station-holders, and cultivators generally. ; The Weather.— Yesterday it yras fine throughout the colony, and cold weather pre. vailed in the western districts. During the night there was frost at Hawkwood, Palmer, ville, and Sfanthorpo. At Brisbane the groatest heat in the Bun was 101 degrees ; in1 the shade 79 ; and the lowest in the shade, 51. The greatest heat in tho shade at Cape Moreton was 69 degrees; at Toowoomba, 62; and at War wick, G4 degrees. The sea was smooth with a slight swell at Capo Moroton, and a mode rate aea. waB punning at tho South Passage. The weather was fine in New South Wales. In Victoria it was misty, and a strong wind ?was blowing from the east. Caulton'b Ghost.— A series of entertain ments is announced to commence in the old. School of Arts on Wednesday evening. They will consist ofperformances by what ia called the 'Petite Comedy Company,' and a mys terious pieco of business-^-' Carlton's Ghost.' The Brisbane correspondent; of the South Australian Megiiter says : — ' Ministers are no so well satisfied with tho 5 o'clock arrangement in connection with the public offices as they expected to be, and it is rumoured that when winter fairly sots iu a return will be made to 4 o'clook ' during tho short days,' but that there will be no return to tho o o'cloikplan when the long days come round again. It is said that the tradespeople have been grumbling very much at tho new arrangement, which prevents the Civil servants and their feminine belong ings being about the shops during the best hour of the day for business ; and is not tho shopkeeper a voter, and consequently a power likelv to be listened tn -irVion h« unfair n nw^fact against any arrangement likely to oi'Ttail his profits f' We {Warwick Argus) hear that tho lato heavy rains, beneficial us they have been to graziers, have interfered considerably with farming operations. Tho low-lying holdings in most of tho farming centres are so wet and boggy that it is quite impossible topreparo them for crops. Two hundred aoresof culti vation, land at South Toolburra, broken up last year by the Bteam pljughH, yielded a very poor return, and aro this year' so boggy'as to be quite unfit for cultivation. Some paddocks have been laid down iu lucerne, and these, we aro informed, look reully splendid, promising an unusually heavy yield. Up till recently tho steam ploughs havo been engaged breakiufc up the old lucerne piidiiocks near the Rosen thai hoad station, which it is intended to re pluufc with the «mo crop. About 120'aeres of new ground, comprising somo of tho rich flats on tho bauks of Rosenthal Creok, above the old hoad station, havo also been broken up,- and are to be laid down iu wheat and lucerne. Up to the present, owing almost wholly to the un usually severe droughts tho colony has boon suffering from, but poor succesi has attended the somowhut extended farming operations of the North British Australasian Company in this district, and wo therefore trust all tho more sincerely that the next Beason will be sufficiently favourable to reward them hand somely for their enterprise. New Goldfield at Peak Downs. — Some little excitement was (says the Peak Downs Telegram) manifested iu Clermont on Tuesday afternoon last, by the report that rich pros pects had beon obtained in a gully leading into a large flat about a mile and a hulf from Cler mont, on the Wolfang- road. For sometime past we know of several parties working in the neighbourhood spoken of, and it was generally believed that gold in payable quantities would, sooner or later, bo found in the locality. The anxiously looked-for moment has at length arrived, the' prospectors shaving obtained- as much as 24 dwts. coarse waterworn gold to a bag of dirt. Several smaller prospects, vary inir from .2 dwts. to 6 dwtB. have been ob tained, and bo far as present appearances go there is every probability of a small rush , setting in. The ground in already marked out for somo distance, and sinking is being autivoly proceeded with, tho ;depth:being, about 18 feet to.20 feot. ? ??'..??. ,-: - ! Of the weather and crops in' New South WaleB tho Sytlnev ilfaMsaya :— 'The past week has been .almost rainless, save that in Maitland there wore eomo heavy showers. The tempera ture has boon fairly even, but light frosts havo been experienced in a few of the high districts. Agriculturists still hare a fine prospect of the sceding-time being favourable, and farms gone rally uppear in pood condition and fit to receive crops. The pastures nround Sydney are better than they have been for. many years, while tho dairy districts along the southern coaet, and the hay imd innize districts north, are in excel lent condition. Grain still remains rather low iu price, the metropolitan quotations for wheat being 5a. for homo- grown audos. 4d. for Ade laide.- Tho arrivals frum tho interior havo been hoavy, and iiiiyo almost shut out importa tions.!' Of pastoral matters' the same journal remarks:— 'The reports from tho i pastoral distriots aro quite as cheerful as thosoifrom tho principal agricultural centred. There is grass in abundance, but the state of tho markets for fat anl store Btoek u such that graziers do not regard tho position as satin.liuitory. Tho de pression which exists has almost' completely stagnated trade. Breeders of pure-bred stock find it almost iiripowiblo ; to complete tiny transaction's. ' The attempted sales at tho Metropolit an, Exhibition, now noiirly over, go far to prove' that auen'''is tho case. On Thurs day, when the pure-bred cattle were offered, it wasj almost impossible to mnko Bales oven at absurdly low prices. Tho Now Zealand bull, Lord Hasting*, which got second prize in thu three-year-old and over oluss, was bought by Sir. T. Leo, of Bathurstj for 155 guineas. Three years ago u brill of his ntylo would, huvo brought at leant 1,000 guineas. Imported Durham ' cows sold at from 90 to 100 guineas perhead, and there was so little intorest, taken in the Biilea that the sale-ring was not occupied' by more than a dozen breeders or buyer*. Tho country far west is blooming, and along the tract of pastoral land nurtli-west from hore pasture is vury plentiful. The stock move ments reported iiro few in number, and tho stock remain iu a fair state of health.' ' ' Fatkeh,' said a wishful lass about sixteen years of ape, ' 1 know something ubout gram mar, l.ut I cannot dclino, matrimony, nor see thereanon: why myself and Gilbert cannot be conjugated.' ? -????? ? : A TnvrBLLKn in Portugal was informed that widows over fifty cannot marry in that country. ' Thtttrriay seem a hard law to you,' uuid his informant; ' but it amounts to nothing, for there never was n -widow-in Portugal over fifty.' Thb Scientific American pays a tribute to women in saying that tho larger proportion of inventions patented by tho gontlor Bex prove more useful and profitable than those. of men. 