I?Y NOTE I00I -. ' Meet It is I sot It down., What, oh! the rev oordors."-BlAEsPRARn . The' English nows einforms' us' that the Sultan gave a "grandl banquet"to Admiral Il foraby and thle officers of tile loot is tho ]lopphorno, and spoke hilmhly of theb Qnoon, andl the sorvics rondorod by the floot, nd expressed a hope that the union between Turkey and England would eooomo closor. I fully bollove the last part, but I have aIly doubts as to the goainanoess of the former. He thought differently ou the firot advance of the foot, and the conversion is too suddon, but asn to the union I fully bq liovo the Sultan is sineoroe England has got amoney to lend; l the. Sultan's pocket iJ rather low, and. friend Russia won't and can't supply the noceasary if she oouldl, the Turkish rulor would not give hanaeots to English ollinor by way of speanding it. a? Woerd--not doeods' in the motto imost np printo to the oceasionl,. : = ' I copy the following from a colonial paper:--Wanted.-Two tontloouln boardorso; separate roomesa spiritualist pi oferrod. Bath. piano." Hero is a chantoo a eance every night. I' have a frland who is vory fond of spirits, but he prefers thonx in a bottle. The bath he does not care for, he likes them neat. For myself, the oily consola tion 1 so is separato roomsa,and l any add I hope thick walls. Aavortlhementa'for partners for lifoaare getting common. . I do not know whether they are gnninue or not, bit if thoy are,'I would say, my friends, male or femalo, do not make such f. late of yoursolves; if you honestly want a partlier for life go like an honeat person annd stick up to the first ro spoctable companion you moot of the oppo site sex, or got a friend to introduce, you, but do not give every nowepaper reader who ohooses to amnuse himself at your ox penso an opportunity of fonling you, for If he does, vordict "served you right" will be your just reward. I aun tndebted to an officer of a trading ves sel for tile followings-On anchoring off a certain Island, whoso iohabitants were noted for the searcity of their attire, and conse quently amulliness of their nallors' bills, a chief came on bhoard who was shown a variety of articles, among which was a copy book converted into a postage album, with this he was delighted, and, after soeno bargaining, obhtainimd. J uatdge of thu -surpriso of the officers awl crew when, next day, he came on board with it mado into an aprnl. IHe thought hlmself a grent] swell, and all aid mitted ha was well posted ieq. i ' - - Why were our town and hay s, named? Small stores informsa me after ai cortain nobleman, well to fluho front at the time. Squnreyard sny it was tlat the captanl of the vessel who uamtnd it, on seeing Julia Peorcy'Iland, sihouted to his steerasian, port! land! But Twales asserts these statetelcnts are erroneous; that its .cognomen wans ug.' gested by the fact that on discovery of laind the crow-stone gin being scarce-were re galed 'on fine old crusty port. I anm iucllned to favor the last reason, seeing thalt anti. teetotal beverages seggested names very fro. quenatly, vide Whisky Creek,0tirandy Creek, lulour new provinceof Gilppsland. -0 Talk about a joke at ai funeral, the follow. log fia an hospital story a-A man was brought In one day, belly injured, and received for treat nmentl after. a- few dayse,-syaLptonsex. hibited themselves that, plainly indicatod a fatal result; the nman was so iaformed,'and whilo appalrently realgnedjto, dlto, expressad great reorots at leaving a wilfe nairovided for. lHs anxiety was reported to his wifo, who spoke to hilm on, tho subjedt-. =AiAh Mary, if you were only provided for, I should die happy, said thel2nufferer. Well, John, dear, irel lied the expoetant; widow,Iiftit i[ any consolation to you to know it, I am pro. videdaforl Tom has promised to naorry.mo if you allould dio. (VWhether knaowium: this gave the 'neIOvessry conolatiou, l y ainfornm ant dht not say., I havd my doubts on the i matter,.,-: .' af; . ;_•. 'Trollops ays Io Australians *" blow," and Icortaiuly think we have a bit of the Yankee "never be beat" style about us, Two colonial At clipper colliarn were in coom. pany not many weeks :ago, whon'the Polly Jane was observed fast, overhauling the other, the Go-to- LeIoward. "Well, ox olaimoed the captain of" the first. barge, I never thought my old craft could boat the Go-to.Leoward." "Ahl exclaimed the skipper-of.tho latter, you see may otld bluff hows knockedt all the water ito sooapsuds, so you came along easy, but oun a elan beat why the craft I command ban licnk a scrow steamer. 'Man y of my roadore will remember Pop per's Ghost Illusion sonma yeara ago, and perhaps better still Barlow's local song '" All round town. on every wall and poet, Go whom yoea will, Its have y'ou soon the ghost? Toproflt by. ;oxtolmonat; oureountrymen con ,Hre's another new sen,atloa to keep the game Salive." I hbg to prooont an addition . Tho townsman of Benalli, at number quite a hbat, Wont out to catch thoKeollys, and mados a hand. somo boast, But Monk, o'dibe morelclover and trlod to can. trlvo To make the new sensatlon, keep hie ilttle game alivoe' Mr. Monk's little game seenes to Illustrate the proverb; through ablotlnug Isa mare, adll being bowled out, lan knows now that the mare makes thei naoney goel What they did know of us hi Biltnain is exemplified by the following extrauts from an adventure written in n 1854. " I say stranger,I asked, turning to a person with a cartman's frock on, who was seated on a box, smoking a pipe, " Can you tell me who that gentleman ism" "I didn't see any gentieo man." '" Why, I mean him." " IflIm ho's a ticket of leave manh but iha more mnoney than half :of the mierchants of Melbourne." Further on the writer adds, "We continued our journey tlhrough the wildest parts of the sterile country between Melbourno anld hal larnt." It Is worth while asking whether a quarter of a century has eradicated the mis chief such publications did by their circula tion amoug tilhe working classes of Englandi possibly theore ae ahundreds yet who think the colonies only a gold diggings, the beet part of which are worked out. HIAMr.ET. 