OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Siiakesperk. Victoria Theatre On Saturday night last, after an absence of fifteen years, Mr. J. F- Cathcart, who will be remembered as having supported or played seconds to the late Mr. Charles Kean in his Australian tours, re- appeared beiore a Sydney audience. The play he chose to open ins season with was "Hamlet," a somewhat injudicious choice all must admit who happened to see his representation of that wonderful character. Mr. Cathcart's Hamlet is a peculiar performance. At first the auditors are disposed to regard it as a conception worked out in accordance with old time records and the conventionalities of the older schools ; but the introduction of new readings and questionable alterations removes the good points in such manner of enacting the character, and leaves the personification a little indefinite and con fused. It met with much approbation, however, and Mr. Punch confesses he has seen worse interpretations of the greatest character in dramatic literature. Mr. Cathcart was ably supported. Miss Tanner made a sympathetic Ophelia ; Mr. Dillon, a manly Horatio ; Mr. Elliot, a somewhat boisterous Laertes ; Mr. Rainford, a very good Ghost ; and Mr. Jerdan a fairly satisfactory King. Miss Dargon's Benefit. A performance that will long be counted one of the most brilliant ever seen in Sydney, took place at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday night. The occasion was a benefit tendered by the numerous admirers and fellow-countryfolk of Miss Dargon, to that illustrious lady. Miss Dargon once more presented her perfect picture of Queen Elizabeth to an audience as enthusiastically interested as it could possibly be, and recited the stirring verses by Tom Davis descriptive of the " Charge of the Irish Brigade," and Burns' poem "A Man's a Man for a' that." The house was crowded to the most unpleasant excess, and the performance thoroughly successful. During the evening Miss Dargon was presented with a very beautiful necklet and locket, set with diamonds and emeralds, and a purse of sovereigns. Miss Dargon was assisted in representing Giacommetti's play by the Victoria Company, strengthened by the addition of Mr. Emery (Lord Burleigh) and Mr. J. J. Bartlett (Lord Bacon). Mr. Cathcart was to have appeared as the Earl of Essex, but, having fallen ill on the previous evening, that character was allotted to Mr. Jerdan who must be complimented on the manner in which he played it. Miss Tanner was a good lady Howard, and Mr. Rainford an effective James VI. Too much cannot be said of Miss Dargon's Elizabeth. Her interpretation of this role is perfect, and in every scene in this powerful drama she shews a wonderful facility for moving her audience — now to ecstatic enthusiasm, and now to milder loyalty, and then for hushing them to a most eloquent silence. Theatre Royal. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Williamson have returned with " Struck Oil," their old success attending them. This talented and extremely popu lar pair reappeared at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night in the drama named. To say there was not standing room conveys but a poor impression of the crowded condition of the house, and that the Williamsons were cheered a very inadequate idea of the reception accorded them. " Struck Oil " is essentially the same piece in which the Williamsons were so fortunate some time back in gaining Mr. Punch's good opinion — that is to say, the individuality of John Stofel and his lively daughter remain unaltered, and the leading incidents in the play unchanged. But experience has evidently suggested many emendations in what is technically termed " business," and improve ments in the dialogue, and the consequence is " Struck Oil," as now presented — and likely to be for some time presented— at the TheatTe Royal is in many ways better than the play to which Mr. Punch had been previously introduced. The company performing it is also supe rior, and Mr. Vincent makes an excellent Judge Flynn, Mr. Jones is the hateful Deacon Skinner to the life, Mr. C. Brown a very careful Dr. Pearson, Mr. Seagrave an effective Corporal Sharpe, and the other characters are in their degrees equally well sustained. " The Chinese Question " (also altered) concludes the entertainment. In both pieces many new songs and dances are introduced, in addition to the old favourites, and Miss Maggie Moore dances and sings them so well that she gets encored again and again until sheer exhaustion forbids further exertion. Professor Pepper, at the School of Arts has continued to astound his audience by the marvels of " Metem psychosis, " and in addition to this extraordinary attractive feature in his entertainment the delightful entertainer has introduced hisaudience to a new wonder, which he has termed " Fisher's Ghost." This illu sion is on the same principle with the celebrated ghost that made the Professor's name famous throughout England and America, and is one of the most curious pieces of mechanical workmanship that Mr. Punch ever remembers to have witnessed. For Saturday a great change, in fact, several changes are announced. Among these the most prominent are the introduction of a number of ghost illusions of the kind with which Professor Pepper is so well known as being amicably connected. The last week of Leamy's Froliques at the Guild Hall has been rendered specially attractive by changes of programme. Moreover benefits have been given, for which novelties were pre pared and at which much that was new and interesting was produced. Last night (Thursday) the wonderfully clever Vaidis sisters were accorded a well deserved benefit. The house was excellently filled, and the entertainment of a most enjoyable kind. In addition to many novel acts performed by the beneficiaires, and new business by other members of the company, Mr. Gus Wangenheim appeared and produced some capital caricatures of popular and well-known cha racters. Burton's Circus. At this popular resort of a large class of amusement seekers, a new programme has held triumphant sway during the week. The principal feature in the entertainment has been the spectacle " St. George and the Dragon," which has been very much enjoyed no less by adults than children. There was a matinee on Wednesday, and there will be another to-morrow (Saturday). For the evening of that day many novelties are in preparation. Chiarini's Circus. It will be noticed, doubtless with considerable pleasure, that the celebrated Chiarini's circus will shortly appear again in Sydney. Mr. Punch is informed many improvements and additions have been made to this world famous show, and all who remember it as it appeared when last among us will allow it deserves success. Carandini Concerts. Mr. Punch is sincerely glad Madame Carandini and her accomplished company have found a home in Sydney, and still more so that they make it so inviting to the public as their "Home of Song" is. The concerts given in the Protestant Hall, as might be expected, are of a most superior and attractive kind, and no one who goes once to enjoy the entertainment Madame Carandini offers can neglect the earliest opportunity of renewing the pleasant acquaintance with art such entertainment signifies. Exhibition Concerts. Although the number of Exhibition concerts has been lessened, the private or semi-public recitals by skilled musicians on selected instruments are still as numerous and as attractive as ever. Notably enjoyable among these are those given by M. Meilhan on the famous Steinway piano exhibited by M. Bechet. Both instrument and musician always evoke the most vehement applause and bring to gether a host of admirers of the beautiful in music. « 