— — — ? — ? THE SEVE3JT WHISTLERS. 'We shall reach Juromenha at about J eight o'clock.' said my guide, who assured I me he knew every inch of the road and I could find his way blindfold. m ? I * I am glad to hear it,' I said, 'for in an hour it will be quite dark.' _ I Wa -innrnnrful nn in silence. The night I was cloudy, and it was pitch dark, that ie, I as dark as it ever is where there are no trees | or buildings to obscure the little light that almost al ways remains in the heavens. We had been moving across a level plain for some half hour. A low-lying black cloud dimlv seen in the obscurity, pot blacker and iuore distinct as we neared it, but not *il? t.t.3 nmra .;ii--/wt in its stinflOW did I m;ikc out that it was a thick forest. _ ^ I *' I wonder if tbere are any wolves in this I pavt of the country ?' said my foolish guide j in a tone of assumed indifference. J 'Quite certain to be,' I said, 'but I thought, Francisco, you knew every inch of tne country. 'So I do by daylight; but I think we] should have kept the high road to the south,' i he said, and I went on not reassured. | ' It is lucky there are no brigands, at any rate,' eaid Francisco presently, ' or else I should think twice before I entered a wood like this by night.' ' Thev could shoot you better in the day time,' I observed. ] ' Ha ! ha ! ' he laughed ; ' they would never be able to see us in a wood like this, I would they ?' « No ; but the ghosts would ' 1 He had been nlaeuimr me all day with I very silly ghost stories. i 'There are no such things,' he said ? bravely. I made no reply. ' Your Excellency does not really believe in ghosts ?' ' I never saw one. What sort of ghosts do you mean ?' ' I mean,' said my guide, drawing his horse close up to mine, and dropping his voice. ' I mean the sDirits of the dead re leased from purgatory and compelled to wander about the earth with witches and warlocks. They say thit if they can catch a man alone on a dark night like this, com ing up behind him and pouncing on him before he has time to say an ' Ave' or a ' Pater,' he is a lost man.' *? But no doubt, Francisco you carry some blessed relic or other about you, and then, «r.n*i lmnnr nn frhnQt nan Hfi tTAll SITIV hflrfll. ' ~No, your Excellency, worse luck ! I carry no such thing. I left a little picture behind me at Elvas that was blessed by the Beata of Arifana. I would give three cruzados to have it in my pocket at this moment. !' ' Never mind,' I said, 'I am a heretic and the ghosts will seize me first, if they are true orthodox ghosts. Then, Francisco, do you put spurs to your horse's sides, and gallop away for your dear soul. I only hope, for your sake, the evil one was not at hand just now, when you valued it at three cruzados. If he were to take you at your word, it would be the worst bargain you ever made in your life.' 'I see your Excellency laughs at the ghosts, and, to be sure, I, myself, when I am in the wineshop with my frieuds, have laughed too at these old women's stories ; but if these are lies, there is no lie about the Seven Whistlers, for many a man be C1UCS LUC Utt-S UdALU. «-i*VjU-i, ' And who are the Seven Whistlers ?' ' Yes, to be sure, who are they ? If we knew that the priests could exorcise them so that they shouldn't frighten honest folk at dusk on winter nights.' '* And you have seen them yourself ?' ' Not seen, thank heaven, or I should not be alive to tell your Excellency the story, but I have heard them plenty of times — heard them whistling and screaming in the air close over my head. Some say they are the ghosts of children unbaptised, who are to know no rest till the judgment day. Once, last winter, the night before the new year, I was (roing with three donkeys and a mule, laden with flour, to Caia : the road passes by the bank of the river nearly all the way, and I stopped to tighten the mwo s girth. Just at that moment — Holy Virgin ! I shook all over like a niilho leaf — I say just at that moment I heard the accursed whist lers coming down the wind along the river. I buried my head under the mvMs belly, and never moved it until the danger was over ; but they must have passed very near, ?Fnr T heard tlm flan and rustle of their wines as clear as I hear the tread of our horses' feet on the ground at this moment.' ' And what was the danger.' ' The danger ? Only that if a man once looks up at them, and sees them, heaven only knows what will not happen to him — death and damnation at the very least.' « Wlinn T'tViinir' DOld T « that T TlOtTA n uuu *. vumn^ muu -».j *m.i*w -*? ??*?? ** Been them scores of times !' Francisco clearly did not believe me. ' And what did your Excellency do ?' he asked, after a pause. ' I shot them, or tried to.' ' Holy Mother of God ! you English are an awful people. My father and mother have stories about your nation that I never believed till now. You shot at the Seven Whistlers?' 'Yes; we call them marecos (teal or widgeon) in our country, and shoot them whenever we can. They are better to eat than wild ducks.1' Francisco said nothing to this. I believe he crossed himself at this revelation of ir reverence, but the darkness would not let me see ; I know he was terribly frightened, and presently I had good cause to wish I had dealt more patiently with his folly. — Travels in Portugal, by John Latouche. In a debate on the leather tax, in 1795, in the Irish House of Commons, the Chan cellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Plunkett, observed, with emphasis, ' that in the prose cution of the present war every man ought to eive his last guinea to protect the re mainder.' Mr. Vandeleur said, ' However that might be, the tax on leather would be severely felt by the barefooted peasantry of Ireland.' To which Sir Boyle Eoache re plied, 'This could be easy remedied by making the onder- leathera of wood.' The onlv Frenchman I ever heard of who did a funny thing at a duel was Sainte Beuve, who, having to fight on a very rainy morning, persisted in holding an umbrella over his head with his left hand. In vain did his seconds remonstrate with him, and tell him that such conduct was out of order. ?' I don't mind being shot,' said the ereat critic. ' but I never came here to get wet;' and he stood his adversary s fire with his umbrella waving proudly over his head. ' 'Ere'a a pretty go, Bill ! See this 'ere book? If s called a « Life of Petraeh,' *he very 'oss as me and you's bin a layin' of our money on so free ! And blowed if I ain't binan'giv 'arf-a-crown for it I' 'Well, what then ?' ' Why it's all about & bloom ing poet!' 