THE SHADOW IN THE CORNER. Wjjdheath Grange stood a little way back from the road, with a barren stretch of heath behind it, and a few tall fir-trees, with straggling wind-tossed heads, for its onlv shelter. It was a lonely house on a lonely road, little better than a lane, leading across a desolate waste ot sandy fields to the sea shore ; and it was a house that bore a bad name among the natives of the village of Holcroft, which as the nearest place where humanity might be found. It was a good old house nevertheless, sub stantially built in the days when there was no stint of stone and timber — a good old graystone house, with many tables, deep window- seats, and a wide staircase, long dark passages, hidden doors in queer corners, closets as large as some modern rooms, and cellars in which a company of soldiers might have lain perdu. This spacious old mansion was given over to rats «nd mice, loneliness, echoes, and the occupation of three elderly people : Michael Bascom, whose forbears bad been land owners of importance in the neighbourhood, and his two servants, Daniel Skegg and his wife, who had served the owner of that grim old house ever since he left the University, where he had lived fifteen years of his life live as student, and ten as Professor of Natu ral Science. At three- and- thirty Michael Bascom had seemed a middle- aged tnan ; at fifty- six he looked and moved and spoke like an old man. during that interval of twenty-three years he bad lived alone in Wildheath Orange, and the country people told each other that the louse had made him what he was. This was a fanciful And superstitious notion on their part, doubtless, yet it woulJ not have been difficult to have traced a certain affinity be tween the dull grey building and the man vho lived in it. Both seemed alike remote from the common cares and interests of humanity ; both had an air of settled melancholy, engendered by perpetual soli tude ; both had the same faded complexion" the same look of slow decay. ' Yet lonely as Michael Bascom's life was at Wildheath Grange, he would not on any an count have altered its tenor. He had been glal to exchange the comparative seclusion of college rooms for the unbroken solitude of Wildheath. He was a fanatic in his love of scientific research, and his quiet days were filled to the brim with labours that seldom railed to interest and satisfy him. lhere were periods of depression, occasional moments of doubt, when the goal towards which he strove seemed unattainable, and his spirit fainted within him. He had a dogged power of continuity which ought to have carried him to the highest pinnacle of achievement, and which, perhaps, might ultimately have won for him a grand name aid a world-wide renown but for a catastrophe v\ hich burdened the declining years of his harmless life with an unconquerable remorse. One autumn morning-— when he had lived just three-and- twenty years at Wildheath, and had only lately begun to perceive that Ins faithful butler and body-servant, who was middle aged when he first employed him, was actually getting old-Mr. Bascom's breakfast meditations over the latest treatise on the atomic theory was interrupted by an abrupt demand from that very Daniel Skege The man was accustomed to wait upon his master in the most absolute silence, and his sudden break out into speech was almost as startling as if the bust of Socrates above the book-case had burst into human language It's no use said Daniel; 'my miwus must have a girl.' ' A what ?' "demanded Mr. Bascom, with out taking his eyes from the line he had been reading, A girl— a girl to trot about and wash ud and help the old lady. She s gettino weak on her legs, poor soul. VVe'venoneof us grown younger in the last twenty years.' 'Twenty years I' echoed Michael Bascom scornfully. ' What are twenty years in the foimation of a strata— what even in the growth of an oak — the cooling of a volcano !' 'Not much, perhaps, but its apt to tell upou the bones of a human being.' ' The manganee staining to be seen upon some skulls would certainly indicate' began the scientist, dreamily. ' I wish my bones were only as free from rheumatics as they were twenty years a<m ' pursued Daniel, testily ; « and then, pe. haps, I should make light of t enty Years. Howsoever, the long and the short of" it is my missus must have a girl. She can't go on trotting up and down these everlastiuo' passages, and standing in that stony scullery year after year, just as if she was a young woman. She must have a girl to help.' ' Let her have twenty girls,' said Mr. Bas com, going back to his book. What's tk use of talking like that, sir ? Twenty girls, indeed ! We shall have rare work to get one.' Because the neighbourhood is sparsely populated?' interrogated Mr. Bascom, still reading. ' No, sir. Because this house is knon to be haunted.' Michael Bascom laid down his book, and turned a look of grave reproach upon his servant. 'Skegg,' he said, in a severe voice, 'I thought you had lived long enough with me to be superior to any folly of that kind.' ' I don't say that I believe in ghosts,' answered Daniel, with a semi-apologetic air ; but the country folks do. There's not a mortal among 'em that will venture across our threshold after nightfall.' 'Merely because Anthony Bascom, who had led a wild life in London, and lost his money and land, came home here broken hearted, and is supposed to have destroyed himself in this house— the only remnant of property that was left him out of a fine estate.' 'Supposed tohave destroyed himself !' cried Skegg ; 'why, the fact is as well known as the death of Queen Elizabeth, or the great fire of London. Why, wasn't he buried at the cross- roads between here and Holcroft ?' An idle tradition, for which you could produce no substantial proof,' retorted Mr, Bascom. ' I don't know about proof ; bnt the country people believe it as firmly as they believe their Gosnel ' ' If their faith in the Gospel was a little stronger they need not trouble themselves about Anthony Bascom.' ' Well,' grumbled Daniel, as he began to clear the table, ' a girl of some kind we must get, but she'll have to be a foreigner, or a girl that s hard driven for a place.' When Daniel Skegg said a foreigner, he did not mean the native of some distant clime, but a girl who had not been born and bred at Holcroft. Daniel had been reared in that insignificant hamlet, and, small and dull as it was, he considered the world beyond it only margin. Michael Bascom was too deep in the atomic theory to give a second thought to the ne cessity of an old servant. Airs, Skegg was an individual with whom he rarely came in con 'act. . She lived for the most part in gloomy region at the north end of the house, where she ruled over the solitude of a kitchen that looked like a cathedral, and numerous offices of the scullery, larder, and pantry class, where she carried on a perpetual war fare with spiders and beetles, and wore her old life out in the labour of sweeping and scrubbing. She was a woman of severe a«pect, dogmatic piety, and a bitter tongue- She was a good plain cook, and ministered diligently to her master's wants. He was not an epicure, but liked his life to be smooth and easy, and the equilibrium of his nienta power would have been disturbed by a baa dinner. , He heard no more about the proposed ad dition to his household for a space of ten days, when Daniel Skegg again startled nun amid his studions repose by the abrupt an nouncement : | ' I ve got a girl !' ,» 'Oh,' said Michael Bascom, 'have you and he went on with his book. . I . , This time he was reading an essay onpnO8 j phorus arid its function in relation to the W" j man brain. ... " t _ , I i es, pursued Darnel in his „misua| grumblin tone ; she was a wail and stray or I shouldn t have got her. , If si,e d teen a native sue a never have come to us ' « I hope she s respectable, said Michael « Respectable ! That s the only fault she has, poor thing. Sue s too good for the place She s never been m service before, but she says she s willing to work, and I dare say my old woman will be able to break her in. Her father was a small tradesman at Yar mouth. He died a mouth ago,- and left this poor thing homeless. Mrs. Midge, at Hol- croft. is her auut, and she said to 'the girl " Come and stay with me till you get a-place " and the girl has been staying with Mm Midge for the last three weeks, trying to hear of a place. When Mrs. ide heard that my missus wanted a girl to helD she thought it would be the very thing for her niece, Maria. Luckily Maria had heard nothing about this house, so the poor inno cent dropped me a courtesy, and said she'd be thankful to come, and would do her best to learn her duty. She s had an easy time of it with her father, who had educated her above her station, like a fool as he was ' growled Daniel. ' By your own account I'm afraid you've made a bad bargain,' said Michael. You don't want a young lady to clean kettles and pans. ' If she were a young duchess, my old wo man would make her work,' retorted Skegg decisively. 6B' M hef are yu ging to put girl ? asked Mr. Bascom, rather irritably- 1 can t have a strange young woman tramp- lmg up and down the passages outside my room. You know what a wretched sleeper I am, Skegg. A mouse behind the wainscot is enough to wake me.' 1 ve thought of that,' answered the butler, with his look of ineffable wisdom, t going to put her on your floor. She's to sleep in the attic.' ' Which room ?' 4 The big one at the north end of the house. That s the only ceiling that doesn t let water. She might as well sleep in a shower-bath as in any of the other a tics.' Th® room at the north end,' repeated Mr, Bascom thoughtfully ; < isn't that—?' Of course it is, ' snapped Skegg ; but she doesn t know anything about it.' Mr. Bascom went back to his books, and forgot all about the orphan from Yarmouth until one morning, on entering his study, lie was startled by the appearance of a strange girl, in a neat black and white cotton gown, busy dusting the volumes which were stacked in blocks upon his spacious writing-table . and doing it with such deft and careful hands that he had no inclination to be angry at this unwonted liberty. Old Mrs. Skegg had religiously refrained from all such dusting, on the plea that she did not wish to inter fere wuli her master a ways. One of the master s ways, therefore, had been to inhale ft good deal of dust in the coarse of his Studies. The girl was a slim little thing, with a pale and somewhat old-fashioned face, flaxen hair braided under a neat muslin cap a very fair complexion, and light- hue eyes. Thev were the lightest blue-eyes Michael Bascom had ever seen,' but there was a sweetness gentleness in their expression which atoned for their insipid colour. I hope you do not object to my dusting your books, sir ?' she said, dropping a cour tesy. She spoke with a quaint precision which struck Michael Bascom as a pretty thing in its way. ' No ; I don't object to cleanliness, so long as my books and papers are not disturbed. If you take a volume off my desk, replace it on the spot you took it from. That's all I ask.' I will be very careful, sir.' ' When did you come here ?' ' Only this morning, sir.' The student seated himself at his desk, and the girl withdrew, drifting out of the room as noiselessly as a flower blown across the threshold. Michael Bascom looked after her curiously. He had seen very little of youthful womanhood in his dry-as-dust career, and he wondered at this girl as at a creature of a species hitherto unknown to him. How fairly and delicately she was fashioned : what a translucent skin ; what soft and pleasing accents issued from those rose-tinted lips 1 A pretty thing assuredly, this kitchen « ench ! A pity that in all this busy world there could be no better work found for her than the scouring of pots and pans. Absorbed lit considerations about dry bones, Mr. Bascom thought no more of the pale-faced handmaiden. He saw her no more about hia rooms. Whoever work she did there was done early in the joiorning, before the scholar's breakfast, She had been a week in the house when he met her one day in the hall. He was struck by the change in her appearance. The girlish lips had lost their rosebud hue ; the pale blue eyes had a frightened look, and there were dark rings around them, as in one whose nights had been sleep less, or troubled by evil dreams. Michael Bascom was so startled by an un- deiinable look in the girl's face that, reserved as he was by habit and nature, he expanded so far as to ask her what ailed her. - ' There is something amiss, I am sure' he said. ' V\i hat is it.' 'Nothing, sir,' she faltered, looking still more scared at his question. Indeed, it is nothing — or nothing worth troubling you about.' ' Nonsense. Do you suppose, because I live among books, I have no sympathy with my fellow- creatures ? Tell me what is wrong with you, child. You have been grieving about the father you have lately lost, I sup pose.' No, sir ; it is not that. I shall never leave off being sorry for that. It is a grief which will last me all my life.' ' What, there is something else then ?' asked Michael, impatiently. I see, you are not happy here. Hard work does not suit you. I thought as much.® ' Oh, sir, please don't think that,' cried the girl, very earnestly. Indeed, I am glad to work — glad to be in service'; it is only — ' She faltered and broke down, the tears rolling slowly from her sorrowful eyes, de- spit ooefiei jith e keep them back. ' a„!?vly 7" Michael, ! term's' IVwT 18 of secrets an,l mya. ! t 1 ?. yu lnean» wench ?' „nn Know it is ery foolish, sir. Will you promise not to be angry ?' plaii.lv1-11 W be angry '/ y" win on'y "peak plainly , but you provoke me by these hesi tations and suppression,' fi nPlease, sir, do not tell Mrs Skrsu 1 have told you. She would scold me or perhaps even send me away.' ' Chi"'8' kesg Shl11 n0t scold y"- Go on, 61'eo sirIna'i. ?0t ,ka0W tbe foonL where I s- ep, sir it is a large room at one end of i hi tOMrard the sea. I can see T of. water from the window, and wonder sometimes to think that it is the same ocean that I used to see when I was a child at Yarmouth. It is very lonely, sir af the top of the house. Mr. and Mrs! vnnfnntep T00m near the kitchen, top floor/' Slr' 'm quite alone ou tbe ji told me you had been educated id advance of your position in life, Maria. I should have thought the first effect of a good education would have been to make you su- rooms any fooisl1 fancies about empty ' Oh, pray, sir, do not think it is any fault in my education. Father took such pains with me ; he spared no expense in giving me as good an education as a tradesman s daughter need wish for. And he was a rei ligiousman, too. He did not believe' -here she paused, with a suppressed shodder — in the spirits of the dead appearing to the living since the days of miracles, when the ghost ot Samuel appeared to Saul. He never put any foolish ideas into my head. I hadn't a thought of fear when I first laid down to rest m the big lonely room up stairs.' Well, what then ?' j 'But on the very first night,' the girl went on breathlessly, ' I felt weighed down in my sleep, as if there were some heavy burden laid upon my chest. It was not a bad dream; but it was a sense of trouble that followed me all through my sleep ; and just at day break it begins to be ligbt a little after sii -—I woke suddenly, with the cold perspira tion pouring down my face, and knew that there was something dreadful in the room.' ' What do you mean by something dreadful? Did you see anything ?' ' Not much, sir ; but it froze the blood in my veins, and I knew it was this that had been following me, and weighing upon me all through my sleep. In the corner, between the fire-place and the wardrobe, I saw a shadow — a dim, shapeless shadow — ' ' Produced by an angle of the wardrobe, I daresay.' ' No, sir ; I could see the shadow of the wardrobe, distinct and sharp, as if it had been painted on the wall. This shadow was in the corner — a strange, shapeless mass ; or if it had any shape at all, it seemed — ' What ? asked Michael, eagerly. ' ' The shape of a dead body hanging against the wall I' Michael Bascom grew strangely pale, yet he affected utter incredulity. ' Poor child,' he said, kindly ; ' you have been fretting about your father until your nerves are in a weak state, and you are full of fancies. A shadow in the corner indeed ! Why, at daybreak, every corner is full cf shadows. My old coat, flung upon a chair, will make you as good a ghost as y .u need care to see.' ' Oh, sir, I have tried to think it is mv fancy. But I have had the same burden weighing me down every nighy;. I have seen the same shadow every morning.' But when broad daylight comes, can you not see what stuff your shadow is made of ?' ' No, sir ; the shadow goes before it is broad daylight.' Of course — just like ether shadows. Come, come ; get those silly notions out of your head, or you will never do for the work- a-day world. I could easily speak to Mrs. Skegg, and make her give you another room, if I wanted to encourage you in your folly. But that would be about the worst thing I could do for you. Besides, she tells me that all the other rooms on that floor are damp ; and, no doubt, if she shifted you into one of them, you would discover another shadow in another corner, and get rheumatism into the bargain. No,uny good girl ; you must try to prove yourself the better for a superior education.' 'I will do my best, sir,' Maria answered meekly, dropping a courtesy. Maria went back to the kitchen sorely de pressed. It was a dreary life she led at Wildheath Grange — dreary by day, awful by night ; for the vague burden and the shape less shadow, which seemed so slight a matter to the elderly scholar, were unspeakably terrible to her. Nobody had told her that the house was haunted, yet she walked, about those echoing passages wrapped round with a cloud of fear. She had no pity from Daniel Skegg and his wife. Those two pious sonls had made up their miuds that the cha racter of the house should be upheld, so far as Maria went. To her, as a foreigner, the Grange should be maintained to be an im maculate dwelling, tainted by no sulphurous blast from the under world. A willing, bid dable girl had become a necessary element in the existence of Mrs. Skegg. That girl had been found, and that girl must be kept. Any fancies of a supernatural character must be put down with a high hand. 'Ghosts, indeed !' cried the amiable Skegg. Bead your Bible, Maria, and don't talk no more about ghosts.' 'There are ghosts in the Bible,' said Maria, with a shiver at the recollection of certain awful passages in the Scripture she knew so well. Ah, they was in their right place, or they wouldn't ha' been there,' retorted Mrs. Skegg. ' You ain't a-goin' to pick holes in your Bible, I hope, at your time of life.' Maria sat down quietly in her corner by the kitchen fire, and turned over the leaves of her dead father's Bible till she came to the chapters they two had loved best, and oftenest read together. He had been a simple-minded, straightforward man, the Yarmouth cabinetmaker — a man full of aspi rations after good, innately refined, instinc tively religious. He and his motherless girl had spent their lives alone together in the neat little house which Maria had so learned to cherish and beautify ; and they bad loved each other with an almost romantic love. They had had the same tastes, the same ideas. Very little had sufficed to make them happy. But inexorable death parted father and daughter, in one of those sharo sudden partings which are like the shock of an earthquake— instantaneous ruin, desola tion, and despair. Maria's fragile form had bent before the tempest. She had lived through a trouble that might have crushed a stronger Dature. Her deep religious convictions, and her belief that this cruel parting v ould not be forever had sustained lier. She faced life and its cares and duties with a gentle patience which was the noblest form of courage. Michael Bascom told hiinseff that the ser vant-girl's foolish fancies about the room that had been given her was not a matter of serious consideration. Yet the idea dwelt in his mind unpleasantly, and disturbed him at his labours. The exact sciences require the complete poaer of a man's brain, his utmost attention ; and on this particular evening Michael found that he was only giving his work a part of his attention. The tirl's pale face, the girl's tremulous tones, thrust themselves into the foreground of his thoughts. He closed his book with a fretful sigh, wheeled his large arm-chair round to the fire and gave himself to contemplation. To at tempt study with so disturbed a mind was useless. It was a dull grey evening, early in November ; the students reading-lamp was lighted, but the shutters were not yet shut, nor the curtains drawn. He could see the leaden sky outside his windows, the fig- tree tops tossing in the angry wind. He could hear ttte wiDtry blast whistling amidst the gables, before it rushed off seaward with a savage ho 1 that sounded like a war-whoop. Michael Bascom shivered and drew nearer the fire. ; . i ' It's childish, foolish nonsense,' he said to himself; 'yet it's strange she should have that fancy about the shadow, for they say Anthony Bascom destroyed himself in that room. I remember hearing it when I was a boy, from an old servant whose mother was housekeeper at the great house "in' Anthony's time. 1 never heard ho he died, poor fellow — whether be poisoned himself or shot himself or cut his throat, but I've been told that was the room. Old Skegg has heard it too. I could see that by his manner when he told me the girl was to sleep there.' Be sat for a long time, till the grey of evening outside his study windows changed to the black of night, and the war-whoop of the wind died away to a low, complaining murmur. He sat looking into the fire, and letting his thoughts wander back to the past and the traditions he had heard in his boy hood. There was a sad, foolish story of his great- uncle, Anthony Bascom ; the pitiful story of a wasted lortune and a wasted life. A riotous collegiate career at Cambridge, a racing stable at Ne market, an imprudent marriage, a dissipated life in London, a' run- a ay vt ife, an estate forfeited to Jew money lenders, and then the fatal end. Michael had often heard that dismal story; how, when Anthony Bascom's fair, false bride had left him, when his credit was exhausted, and his friends had grown tired of him, and all was gone except Wildheath Grange, Anthony, the broken-down man of fashion, had come to that lonely house, unexpected, one night, and had ordered his bed to be got ready for him in the room where he used to sleep, when he came to the place for the wild- duck shooting, in his .boyhood. His old blunderbuss was still hanging over the mantel-piece, where he had left it when he came into the property, and could afford to i buy the newest thing info » ling-pieces. He had not been to Wildheath for fifteen years ; nay, for a good many years he had almost forgotten that the dreary old house belonged to him. The woman who had been housekeeper at Bascom Park til! house and lands had passed into the hands.of the Jews, was at that time the sole occupant of Wildheath. She cooked some supper for her master, and made him as comfortable as she could in the long-un- tenanted dining-room ; but she was dis tressed to find, when she cleared the table after he had gone up stairs to bed, that he had eaten hardly anything. — M. E Be addon, in "Ail the Yer Round." (to be continued.) A few day 8 ago, during one of his rounds- through his palatial hotel, the landlord of the Palmer House entered a room suddenly , and discovered a window' washer iebureh engaged in reading a newspaper. Bern, very active himself, he had no use for » lazy man, or one who slights his work, H<- discharged the washer on the spot, anr> ordered him to go to the office for his j ay . The man obeyed, got his money, went to his. room on the npper floor, arrayed himself in his Sunday suit, picked up his duds, and de scended to the servants' apartment to ta&< leave of his former associates. About t L i - time Mr. Palmer entered, but did not reeog mse his quondam employe iu his best clothe - " Here, my man, you look as though then was good work in you ; do you want » job ?" The ex washer, somewhat surprised, admitted that he stood in need of one. " Can you wash windows ? ' The man said th i- he could. " Well," sxid Mr. Palmer, ' I ve jast discharged a man who has bee> doing that sort oi work, I paid bim onh 20doi. a month ; but, if you take the pl&c; and go right to work, I'd pay you 22dol.'' The proposition was quickly accepted, am' iu half an hour the discharged employe wa& scrubbing away in the same old room. ONLY they who carry sincerity to the highest point, in whom there remains not » single hair s breadth of hypocrisy, can eee the hidden springs of things. 