? ? At midnight, ^' thaintath of Jane, , I «lTOdh^^th themystio VltloOI^: . ' ' ' An opiate Vapour, dewy, dim, Erfwics from her golden rim; And softly dripping, drop by drop, Upon the quiet mountain-top, StttflsTSrov^af^anainusically . Into the uuT&sedjralley.; *""•!•• The rosemary nods upon the grave; ' The lily.lolls upon the wave;-—~~ - Wrapping the fog about his breast^ The ruin moigders into rest; Looking like Lethe, see, the lake Aconscious slifmbf r seemstotake,.. And would not^ |or .the world, awake. All beaftty sleeps 1-r-and, lo/.owhere: lies>. ^ (Her-'caseihont opento'tkfe ^kiDB) Irene, with her destinies. : j, • p O lady bright, can it be right, This window open'to the nightP'' ' : Ihb waAtdnairs ftom'thetree-top Laughingly through the lattice drop; - 1 ! Thbbpdiless, a wizard rout . • -• Flit through the chamber in and out, And wave the curtain canopy So fitfully,so fearfully, About the closed and fringed lid 'Neath which thy slumb ring soul lies hid, That o'er the floorand down the wall, , . Like ghosts the shadows riseand fall! O lady dear, hast thou no fear ? Why and what ate thou, dreaming hers F Swr^ thou att comefl'er far-oft soaa,- P ; ' : A wonder to these gar leu trees. Strange is thy pallor, strange thy dress;. Stranger, above aU, thy length^f tres9, And this all-eolemn silentness. The lady deeps! .0,1 ... , Which is enduriiig.BO Ui deep!" Heaven have her in its sacred keep! This chamber .changed tor on'e more holy; This bed for one more melancholy. I pray to God that she may lie • Forever with unopened eye- My love, she bleeps ! * 0 may her sleep, As it is lasting,- so be deep! Soft may tho worms about her creep; Far in the forqst, dim and old,. .- . For her may some tall vault unfold-^ Some vault that oft has flung its black And winged glances flutteringback • ' Triumphant o'er the crested palls . ( Of her grand family funerals; 1 Some sepulchre remote, alone. Against v?hose portal she has thrown,' In childhood, many an idle stone; ; 1 Some tomb, from out whose sounding door She ne'er shall force an echo more, Thrilling to think, poor child of' sin. It was the dead who groaned within. EDGAR A. POE. 