THE SCOTTISH BANKER'S DILEMMA. [Chjuhbee's Jocbsal.] ( Conchtsij>tl,-\ Tor a week or so things worked well Tinder the new arrangement; but for the third time Mr. Duff was destined to see Hamilton poring over his books long after bank hours, this time to' hear on inquiry that the luckless lad was short by no less an amount than five hundred pounds! Had the shrewd, quick- witted James Hamilton, after ten years of faithful service, become sud denly dolt? "This is beyond endurance,'' the banker said sharply, as the fact was communicated to him. " It is most strange," replied the helpless teller, feeling that the Pates were against him. " It is impossible you can have paid the money away." " It is gone, sir." " Then you must find it. I can no longer be responsible for your blun ders. Here is no less a sum than nine hundred pounds in less than six weeks to be accounted for. Many a one has been sent across the sea for less." The youth put his hands overhis face nnd fairly burst into tears. " I must; give it up, sir. I can't stand this. I must leave the place." Mr. Dnff was looking at him with very keen eyes as this was sobbed out. " Leave Tollkirk F Understand, Mr. j Hamilton, that you dare not leave Toll kirk before this matter iB cleared up." For the greater part of the night the men sat up searching, but when the morning came they were. as far from the mark as ever. p Mr. Duff, mueh to the surprise or customers of the bank, next day " took over" the cash himself, and, rather awkwardly from want of practice, be came his own cashier. Hamilton was degraded to subordinate duties. His spirit, poor fellow, was fairly broken. ;No trace of the missing money could be found. Of course Mr. Duff could not long continue acting as teller. The work interfered with more im portant duties. A son of Mr. Traill, the parish min ister, who was employed at the Aber deen branch of the same bank, at this time visited Tollkirk, and being of the same craft, spent a good, deal of time in Mr. Duff's company. The subject of the missing money was broached and discussed between them. It so hap pened that George Trail was engaged to be married to Mary Duff; and the banker having lost confidence m Hamilton, and feeling sorely in need of capable help, proposed that George should apply to the directors of the directors of the bank for the appoint ment of joint-agent or partner with himself in the management of the Toll kirk branch. So it came about that in a short time G eorge Traill, a shrewd, practical business man, relieved M!r. Duff at the telling-table, in order to familiarize himself with the feces of the bank's customers. For some days all went well. Then came market-day. At close of the day Mr. Traill's cash was five hundred pounds short I # #. * * * * * Dismay fell on the quiet little bank in Tollkirk. The former uneasiness became in the office a panic. Hamil ton has been ill by tie anxiety of his position, and was in bed on the day that Mr. Traill's deficiency occurred. After closely scrutinising every entry in the books, Traill came to the con clusion that he had not paid the money in excess to any one, and that the notes must have been stolen by some one on the premises. The bank's safe was duly examined; but the loots bore no marks of having been tampered with. The windows and doors of the office were unaffected; and Mr. Duff's domestics—who swept out the office had been his servants and were known to him for years. The matter was on this occasion reported to the banks head office; but thence came the cold intimation that no further deficiency could be made good, and referring the bank agents to their recent letter to that effect of such and such a date. Mr. Duff began to think the place was haunted. Wherever the money was gone it had to be paid up ; rais ing the total losses made in. this myf terioua way to the unpalatable sum of feurteen hundred pounds in less than three months. The mystery was ail the deeper that during the day of the difference in Traill's cash it had hap pened there had not been a single cash payment amounting to five hundred pounds. Then there came vague rumours—such as the police, had the matter passed into their hands, would certainly have made use of—thattheie was an itinerant locksmith, a gipsy, m the neighbourhood, to whom popular rumor attributed almost miraculous power in the manipulation of loeks. Yet it would take a very clever lock smith indeed. to open the Central Bank's safe unheard in the house, and to leave it again without leaving traces of his work. The safe had a foundation of eight feet of stone, and was coated on the floor, wall, ^ and roof with a two-inch plate of solid iron. The doors were of cotirse of iron, and each—there were four doors—had two keys and separate locks. Through the loek of the outer iron door an iron bolt was each evening shot down from Mr. Duff's bedroom above, and while that bolt was down no key in the world could open the door. It was necessary to be in Mr. Duff's bedroom before the bolt could be drawn or dropped. It was extremely improbable that there were any in Tolkirk who could, .even with the necessary keys in their hands, find their way into the strong-room unaided. „ 17 , No longer v?as Mr. Duff able to leave the bank with an easy mind for a two o'clock luncheon —with forty winks to follow—as had been Ms cus tem these twenty years. He was closely on the watch. Yet there was no "visible cause for suspicion. Bankers and clerks were fast becoming de moralised—in the military sense from sheer fright, accelerated by mystery, and a sense of utter helpless ness in face of it. Mr. Duff might far better be losing his fortune on the Stock Exchange, or throwinghis money away on turf speculations; in these there would be some remote chance of profit, if net satisfaction, in losing his property. His bark had: up to this sailed in smooth seas, had even, hitherto,-floated in a sheltered bay, unexposed to financial tempests or breakers ; but now a leak of a dang er- j ous sort had sprung, as likely, he imagined, to engulf him at his ancho rage as any buffeting of waves in open seas. Mr. Duff became a changed man. He was thin and worn and ill with anxiety and watching. Traill was watching Hamilton ; Hamilton turned a keen glance on the bovs ; the boys kept their eyes very widely open all round. Mr. Duff, was unwilling to put the matter in the hands of the local police, knowing that the first to be suspected would be his clerks, and that the affair would speedily become town gossip. Secretly Mr. Duff began to think the place was be witched. His partner, George Traill, being called upon to pay up half of the five hundred pounds, resolved to get to the bottom of the matter. He had a bed fitted up in the banker's business-room and determined to spend his nights there until some solution of the.pro blem presented itself. His transfer from the Aberdeen branch seemed just then to prove a bad bargain. The keys of the safe, it should be mentioned, numbering eight, were placed every night after the locking up of the safe and the dropping of the iron bolt from the banker's bedroom, in a strong box, the key of which was always carried by Mr. Duff. George Traill, armed with a revolver, in spite of Mary's protests and Mr. Duff's jeers, occupied the room when the bed had been fitted there, and waited philosophically the course of events. He slept little for the first night or two ; but no intruder came to disturb his repose. The long dull hours crept on without adventure or other result than to make Traill sleepy and cross during the following days. The bankers were beginning to despair of discovering the thief. Yet Traill—despite Mr. Duff's perfectly reasonable argument that if any man broke into the safe it would not be merely five hundred pounds that would satisfy him, nor would he likely risk a second or third visit—continued to spend his nights in the bank. At daybreak, however, on a certain morning in the following week, Traill, who slept very lightly, was suddenly awakened and startled by hearing the bolt that passed through the lock of the outer door of the safe drawn sharply up. He could hardly believe the evidence of his ears, thinking that perhaps he had dreamed. But the " click" was still reverberating, exag gerated as all sounds are in the still ness of night. If the bolt was really lifted, the person that drew it must be in the room where Mr. Duff slept. Traill was a courageous man; but in spite of himself, he trembled as he felt for and examined his revolver. When the reverberation subsided, there was a silence for a few moments as of Death, Sleep's twin brother. Then he thought he heard, far off. a door open, followed by a step on the stairs. Then a light showed at the seam under the door; presently the door opened, -and a man entered, car rying in one hand, a lighted candle, in the other a buneh of keys. The re volver was firmly held in Traill's grip, and before firing he was aboutto utter a cry of warning, when he noticed,that the figure paid no heed to his presence, but passed him, making straight for the safe-door. In the dim light, to his astonishment, he distinguished the fixed, even, rigid features of his friend and partner, Mr. Duff! His eyes were wide open,- and he moved with his usual deliberation, but with an air of stern preoccupation quite foreign to his working habits. Traill saw at a glance that the banker was walking in his sleep. His first impulse was to seize him and wake him; but a moment's reflect tion decided him to wait the natural issue of events. Mr. Duff without hesitation or fumbling chose the right keys for the outer door, and pushed it as the lock sprang back, slowly open; then the wicket-gate, the inner iron door, and so on, until he disappeared silently in the vault-like shades of the strong room. When he reached the inner safe, he took from the well packed store of pound notes—Traill eagerly watched him from the door— a bundle containing five hundred; he then noislessly shut and locked each door as he retreated. He then passed within arm's-length of Traill, bearing the bundle of notes, the keys, and the lighted candle; left theoffice—followed by his partner—walked slowly upstairs to his bedroom, where he deliberately dropped the bolt back in its place, and finally laid the keys carefully, ap parently counting them, in their usual place -in the box fixed in the wall for the purpose. Traill expected he would then retire to bed; but it was evident the somnambulist had not finished his night's work. Having safely put away the keys, he lighted his candle and again went downstairs, carrying the notes in his hand. Traill followed him through the kitchen and out into the courtyard behind. With the same purpose-like deliberation that he had shown at the safe, he now marched to —the unvarnished truth, O romantic reader, must be recorded—to the Pig stye ! Arrived there, he lifted a loose fold of thatch that Tested on a slab of stone in the ricketty roof, secreted the bundle of notes there, replaced the thatch carefully, and then turned with an air of relief and went indoors. Traill did not disturb him, did not even take the trouble to follow his partner to see if-he reached his bed safely, but sprang eagerly to the loose thatch, in which, snugly lying, lie found the com fortable sum of one thousand nine hun dredpounds in bank notes! He could not help laughing as he stood there in the dim grey morning, hardly half-clad, for the pursuit had not been without excitement. " .An expensive roofing for Duff's pigs," he murmured, gather ing the various dusty bundles together aud retreating indoors from the morn ing air. "I think, Duff," said Traill seriously, when they met in the office after breakfast—"I think, to make certain that no thief, or witeb, or ghost has been tampering with the cash during the night, we had better count the cash henceforth in the morning, as well as at jiight; that will make certain whether the money disappears at night or during the day." Mr. D uff assented. " Suppose you begin this morning." Again Mr. Duff assented; and with reluctant fingers, at his partner's sug gestion, counted the money. " Powers of Darknesshe exclaimed, " I shall not stay another day in this house. The cash is again five hundred pounds short J" Had Mr. Duff not been a re markably bald man, he would have probably torn his hair in agony. " How much do you reckon yourpigs cost you annually, Duff?" Traill asked with apparent irrelevance and, as Mr. Duff thought, flippancy. " Pigs! Hang the pigs ! Hang the bank; and Yes ; I. mean to resign my office. I'm not going to remain .here to be robbed and ruined." "I see you are putting a new roof on your stye, and repairing it," Traill went on sententiously. " Sparing no i expense on it. Doing the thing stylishly, eh ?" "Are you mad, Traill?" " Well, let me see. At the rate of two thousand pounds, say, in three months, that pigsty will cost you and me just about eight thousand pounds a year." Traill was apparently in his gravest mood. " That's pretty mode rate, eh ?" " Poor Traill! The loss of his money has taken his brain. What demon has entered this house ?" sighed Mr. Duff in the presence of a despair more tragic even than his own. . "Look here, old fellow !" said Traill, suddenly bursting into laughter — " look here! I found these in the roof of your pig-stye this morning; and what is more, I saw you put them the>e with your own hands." " Prodigious [" Yes, all the missing money was there. The banker gave a champagne dinner to his delighted clerks on the evening of that day. His own health, however, was in rather a bad way. In a month or two he resigned his office, retiring on a Uberal pension to his' form; and in order to compensate James Hamilton for all his recent trouble andmisery, Mr. Duff requested as a personal and final favor, that the directors might appoint him to the position of assistant-agent with Greorge Traill; a proposal which the directors favorably entertained. These offices both of the gentlemen hold with honor to this day. It may be mentioned, too, that George Traill and James Hamil ton^ are now brothers-in-law, each having in due time wedded one of Mr. Duff's daughters. The bank is James Hamilton's home; while George Traill has rented a farm adjoining Mr. Duff's. The fresh country air, and exercise, and fishing, and unlimited golfing—all enforced on him by the doctor as the best, medicine—have put an end to the old banker's somnambulistic rambles. 