NEW YEAR'S DAY. The festivities which take place on New Year's day arc likely to bo carried out to-day in Melbourne and tho suburbs with the zest that has marked the holiday proceedings of tho Chriatrnaaeason throughout. There has been no lack of amusements from Christmas up to to-day, both in the open air aud at the bails and theatres whore the public caterers usually put forth thoir best exertions to affcrd recreation for the multitude. Not only hare the means of enjoyment been varied and attractive, bub they have been most heartily appreciated by tbe public. Tho crowds who havo attended tho places of amuse ment afford sufficient testimony of this fact ; indeed, tho past few days have been a season of almost unrestricted holiday- making, although tbero has been no actual closing of places of business, except on Boxing day, and notwithstanding that some show of an inclination to do business has been made. In this respect, however, tba se&sou; only resembles those of past yours, A good many citizens of Melbourne have betaken themselves to the more attractive spots up tho country, some resorting to the fisheries of Gippslaml, others to such interesting localities as Mans field, in order to see tho rauges 'n wliioh the Victorian brigands are able to set at defiance the representatives of tbo law, and others lo tho various watering-places to which access is afforded by nicaus of the Bay steamers. Tbo celebration of the expiry of tho old and tho advent of the now year took place as usual in Melbourne last night. Until early morning the streets of Alolbourno uud tho suburbs were crowded wich people who amused them- solvo3a9 woll as thoy could whilst following tho practice of watching the old year out ami the new year in. A grand military carnival was held in the Botanical Gardens, at which some thousands were present, aud balls and musical entertainments were numerous. The means of recreation afforded to the public for to-day are not less plentiful than usunl. The chief attraction will, of course, be the great race meeting, which takes place on the Flemington course. The attendance will, no doubt, be numerous as the interest takeu in the principal event — the contest for the Chauipion Stakes — is scarcely iuferior to that which is felt in tho Cup raae, Elaborate arrangements have been made at the railway station for the conveyance of the people. Trains v/iil ruu at brief iutcrvals from half-past ten until two o'clock, aud passengers can be booked from the General Po&t; Office and tho omuibus office, ns well as at the railway sta tion. A number of steamers are advertised to ply ou tho Bay, aud excursion parties will be able to proceed to all the principal watering places. The Williams and the Golden Crown are announced to leave the Sandridge Pier at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, the Williams proceeding to Snapper Point, Queenscliff, Droimana and Portsea, and the Golden Crown to Queenscliff and Sorrento. The steamer Nelson will leave the Queen's Wharf for Geelong at nine o'clock, and the steamers Dawn and Leura will also run to Portarlington, starting from tho Queen's Wharf shortly after nine o'clock. The Murray will leave the Queen's Wharf for Snapper Point, at half-past nine, and the Tamar will start for the same destination at nine o'clock, the Albatross leaving for Frankston at half-past nine. Bands will be carried by most of the pleasure steamers, and should the weather turn out as fine as may be expected an enjoyable day's outing may be anticipated. The annual fete and prize distribu tion of the Friendy Societies' will ; take place . in tbe Societies grounds to-day. Preparations have been mado on an elaborate scale for the entertainment of the public, and a large attendance will doubtless be the result. Thu German picnic will also take place to-day in Kirk's paddock, North, cote. The members of the Turn Verein, ac companied by as many of their friends as choose to join them, will leave the Turn Verein in cabs and omnibuses at half-past ten a.m. The festivities will be continued on the return of the party in the evening, when a ball will take place in the Turn Verein Hall, The Hobson's Bay Railway Company will offer the facilities usual on such occasions for tbe conveyance of largo numbers of pas sengers bent on enjoying thomselves in the suburban places of popular resort. Trains will convey passengers to the Survey pad- aocit, <7here considerable numbers usually go for a day's outing. Brighton Beach, the Royal Park, and St. Kildu, will also be largly resorted to. The entertainments afforded &t; tho theatres are the same that have already been noticed iu 'the Age. At the Theatre Royal the pantomime of Jack, the Giant Killer, and Who Killed Cock llobin ? which has given so much satisfaction to large audiences, will be again repeated. Tho spectacular burlesque of Alfred the Great will be performed atth.e Opera House, tbo lending performers being Mdlle. Scasi, from the Albambro, London ; Mr. and Mrs. Bracy, Signora Pasta, Miss Knight, Mrs, Stater, Miss Lambert, and a number of other popular favorites. At the Opera House, the pantomime of Pluto, or Harle quin Bo Peep . and Boy Blue, will be tho attraction. Tho piece is full of agreeable musie, with dances and grotesque exhibitions of the most comio descript!on as well as scenes which might grace tho imaginary realms of fairy land. The Princess's Theatre, which is now |be:ng oc cupied nightly by large assemblages, will also present attractions of a potent character, tbe piece de resistance there beibg the famous sensational play entitled .Under the Gas- light. The colored minstrels, whoso singing has affordffd so much pleasure to those at tending this house, will assist in the per formance. The Blondeuettw, who have been. . for some days p- t'orming in St. George's Hall, will give a novel kind of entertainment, a IcA'dng feature of which is o classical bur lesque of an elegant description, in which, the amorous indiscretions of Diana and a Moon struck Youth form the subject of a great deal of fun. The ghosts of Mr, D'Arcy Read's entertainment will display themselves in the Athenoium Ilall, and no doubt in tho pre sence of a numerous audience. Tbe interest excited by this most weird and strikingly novel invention has been so great that no epecica of entertainment has been more popu lar in Melbourne for many weeks past. 