Macleod of Dare. CIIAPTEE XXXIV. IBB 'TOMBS.' (From Harper' t Magazine). ° Oh,' Mid ho, anxiously, u I hope you do not smell any tobacco f ' 'Not at all,' laid ihe. aIt wu only ? fannv. Of coune tou are not likely to tarn yoar yacht into a lady's yacht.' He started and looked at her. But she had ?pokan quite thoughtlessly, and had now turned to tier father. When they went on deck again they found that the Umpire, beating np in the face of a light northerly breexe, had run out for a long tack almost to the Dutchman's Cap ; and from a certain distance they could see the grim shores of this desolate island, with its faint tinge of green grass orer the brown of its plateau of rock. And then Haniieh called i ut, ' Beady, about!' and presently they were slowly leaving behind that lonely Dutchman, and making away for the distant entrance to Loch Tau. Tbe breeze was slight ; they made bat little way ; far on the blue waters they watched the white gulls sitting buoyant ; and tbe sun was hot on their hands. What did they talk about in this summer idleness ? Many a time he had dreamed of his thus sailing over the clear seas with the fair Fionaghal from the South, until at times his heart, grown sick with yearning, was ready to despair of the impossi ble. And yet here she was sitting on a deck stool near him — tbe wide-apart, long-lashed eyes occasionally regarding him — a neglected book open on her Up— the small gloved haiids toying with tbe cover. Yet there waa no word of lore spoken. There was only a friendly conversation, and the idle passing of a summer day. It was something to know that her breathing was near him. Then the brecz » died away altogether, and they were left altogether motionless on the glassy blue sea. The great sails limp, without a single flap or quiver in them 5 the red ensign clung to the jigger-mast ; ilamuh, though In stood by tbe tiller, did not even put his hand on that bold and notable representation in wood of the sea- serpent. 'Come, now, Hamish,' Macleod said fear ing this monotonous idleness would weary his fair guest, 'you will tell us nsw one of the old stories that you used to tell me when' I was abov.' Hamish had indeed told the young Macleod many a mysterious tale of magic an adventure* but ha was not disposed to repeat any one of these in broken English in order to please this lady from the South. ~ ' It is no more of tbe stories I hef now, Sir Keith,' said he. ?? It was a long time since I had the stories.' ^ ?* Oh, I could 'construct one myself,' said Miss White, lightiv. 'Don't I know how they all begin ? ' There was once a Jciag m JBrin, a*d he had a torn ; and this son it was who would take the world for his pillow. But before he tet out on his travels he took counsel of the falcon and the hoodi, and the otter. And ihe falcon said to him, Ooto the right; and ihe koodie said to him. You will be wise mom if you goto the left t hut the otter' said to him, 'Tou have been a diligent student,' Mac leod said, laughing heartily. ' And indeed you might go on with the story and finish it ; for who knows now when we shall get back- to Dare?' It waa after a loag prricd of thus lying in dead calm — with the occasional appearance of ? direr on tbe surfaoe of the shining blue sea— . tfeat Maoleod's sharply obtervant eye war attracted by an odd thing that appeared far sway, at the horizon. -* What do you think is that, now ?' said h», with a smile. They looked steadfastly, and saw on a thin line of silver light, almost like the back of a knife, in the distant dark blue. -* The track of a seal swimming under water,' Mr. White suggested: 'On shoal offish,' his daughter said. » Watch !' Tue sharp line of light slowly spreads ; a trembling silver- gray took the place of the dark blue ; it looked as if invisible fingers were rtuhing out and over tbe glassy surface. Then they felt a cool freshness in the hot air ; tbe r»d ensign swayed a bit ; then thn great mainsail flapped idly ; and finally tbe breeze csme gently blowing over the sea, and on again they went through tbe now r'ppling water. And ae the slow time passed, in the glare of the sun light, Staffa lay on the still water a dense mass of shadow ; and they went by Lurga ; end they drew near to the point of Gometra, where the black skarts were sitting on tbe exposed rooks. It waa like a dream of sunlight and fair colors and summer quiet. ' I can not believe,' said she to him, ' that all these fierce murders and reverges took place in such beautiful scenes as these. How could they?' And then, in the broad and atill water* of Ixwh Tau, with the lonely rocks of Ulva close by them, they were again becalmed ; and now it was decided that they should leave the yacht there at certain moorings, and should get into the gig and be pulled through the channel between Ulvaand Mull that connects Loch Tau with Loch-na-Keal. Macleod had been greatly favored by the day chosen at bap-hsztrd for this water promenade ; a* tbe end of it lie was gladdened to hear Kiss White say that she had never seen any thing so lovely en the faoe of the earth. And yet it was merely a qupsnon ot weather. To-morrow they might coire back and find the water a refilled leaden color ; the waves wash ing over tie rocks ; Ben-Mow invisible behind driving cloud*. But now, aa those three sat in the stem of the gig, and were gently pulled along by the sweep of the oats, it seemed to one at least of them that- the must h*v* got into fairy-land. The rocky shores of Ulva lay on one «=de of this board and winding channel ; the flatter shores of Mull an the other ; and between lay a perfect Mirror of water in which every trirg was so accurately reflected that it was quite impossible to define tbe line at wbich tbe water and the land met. In fact, so vivid was tbe reflection of the blue and white sky on . tbe surface of the water that it appeared to her as if the boat was suspended in mid-air ; a sky below, a sky above. And then the beauty of tbe landscape that inclosed this wonderful mirror— the soft green foliage above tbe Ulva neks; t«ie brilliant yellow- brown of the sea weed, with here and there a gray heron stand ing solitary and silent as a ghost over the pools ; ahead of them, towering above this fle* and shining and beautiful landscape, the swfol majesty of the mountains around L-vh-na-jTeal —the monarch of them, Ben-More, showing a cone of dvk and thunderous purpl* under a long and heavy -swath of cloud. Far away, tro on their right, stretched the splendid ramgart of the Oribun clft», a sort sunlight on the grassy greens on their summits ; a pale and brilliant blue in the shadow* of the huge and yawning caver. And so still it was, and the air so fine and sweet : it waa a day for tbe idlirg oi happy lovers. What jarred, then P Not the silent appesr arr* of the brad of a seal m that rbinir-g plain of blue aid white j for ibe poor old follow only regarded the boat for a second or two with his Urge and pathetic eyes, and then quitely disappeared. Perhaps it was this— that Mies White was leaning over tbe side of the boat, and admiring very much the wonderful hues of groups of sea- weed below, that were all dis tinctly visible in the marvellonsly dear water. Tile-* were beautiful green plants that spread their flat fingers over the silver-white Bands j and huge rolls of purple and sombre ; and long strings that came up to the surface— tbe trac eries and decorations of these haunts of the mermaid. ' It is like a pantomine,' she said. ' You would expect to see a burst of time-fight, and Neptune appearing with a ailver trident and crown. Well, it only shows that the scene painters bre nearer nature than most people imagine. I should never have thought there wbB any thiag so beautiful in tne sea.' And then again she said, when they had rounded Ulva, and got a glimpse of the open Atlantic again : ' Where is it, Keith, yon proposed .so sink all the theatres in England, for the benefit of the dolphins and the lobsters?' He did not like these references to the theatres. ' It was only a piece of nonsence,' said he, abruptly. Batthen she begged him so prettily to get the men tossing tbe boat song that he good humoredly took out a aheet of paper and a pencil and said to her : ' If I write it down for yon, I must write it as it pronounce^. For how would you know know that ' Fhir a bhata, na horo euV is pro nounced ' Feer a vahta, na horo ailya ?' ' And perhaps, then,' said she, with a charming smile, ' writing it down would spoil it altogether? But you will ask them to eing it for me.' He said a word or two in tbe Gaelic to Sandy, who was rowing stroke ; and Sandy answered with a short, quick laugh of assent. 'I have asked them if they would drink your health,' Macleod said, ' and they have not refused. It would be a great compliment to them if you would fill out the wlnsky your self. Here is my flask.' She took that formidable vessel in her small handB ; and the men rested on their oars ; and then the metal cup was passed along. Whether it was the drum, or whether it was the old familiar chorus they struck up— ' Fhir a bhata (na horo eilej 'Fhir a bhata (na horo eilej ' Fhir a bhata {na horo eilej Chead soire slann lad ge thobb tiled u '— certain it is that the boat swung forward with a new strength, and ere long they beheld in the distance the walls of Castle Dare. And here ?was Janet at the small quay greatly distressed must have been subjected. 'Bat 1. have just .been telling, Sir Keith,' she said, with a aweet smile, ** that I have coma through the moat beautiful place I have ever seen in the world.' This was not, however, what she was saying to herself when she reached the privacy of her own room. Her thoughts took a different turn. ** And if it -dees seem impossib.e' — this wes her inward speech to herself—' those wild murders should have been committed in so beautiful a place, at least there wfll be a fair chance of one occurring when I tell him that I have signed an engrgement that will last till Christmas. But what good could come oi be ing in a hnrrj ?' CHAPTER XXXV. A CATB IK MUXL. Of love not a single word- had so for been said -between these two. It was a high sense of courtesy that on his part had driven him to exercise this severe self-restraint: he would not invite her to be his pueet, and then take advantage of the various.. opportunities offered ate yearning of hi' heart. For during all those long winter months he bad gradually learned, from the correnponndence which he so carefully studied, that she rather dislike protestation; and when he hinted that be thought her letters to Him were somewhat cold, she only answered with a playful bumor ; and when he tried to press her to some, declaration about her leaving the stage or about the time of their marriage, she evaded -the point with an extreme clever ness which waa so good-natured and friendly that he could scarcely complain. Occasionally there were references in these letters that awakened in his breast a tumult of jealous suspicions and fears ; but then again be con spied himsstf by looking forward to the time when sbe should be released from all those en vironments that he hated and dreaded. He would have no more fear when he could take her hand and look into her eyes. And now that Mb a Gertrude White was actually in Castle Dare— now that he could walk with her along the lonely mountain slopes and show her the wonders of the western seas and the islands — what was it that still occa sioned that vague unrest ? His nervous anzietv that she should be pleased with all she saw P Or a certain critical coldness in her glance? Or tbe oonsoioust ess that he was only enter* tsininp a passing visitor— a beautiful bird that bad alighted on his hand, and that the next moment would be wingi'ig its flight away into the silvery South f 'You are becoming a capital saQor,' be said to her one day, with a proud light on bis face. ' Sou have no fear at all of the sea now.' He and she and tbe cou-m Janet— Mr. White had some letters to answer, and had staid at home— were in the stem of the gig, and they were being rowed along the coast below the giant oliffs of Gribun. Certainly if Miss Whi'e bad confessed to being a little nervous, she might bare been excused. It was a beautiful, fresh, brecz?, summer days but tbe heavy Atlantic swell that e'owly raited end lowered the boat as the men rowed along passed gently and smoothly on, and then went booming and roaring and dashing over tbe sharp black rocks that were quite close at band. ** I think I would soon grt over my fear of the sea.' said she gently. Indeed, it was not that that was most likely to impress her on this bright day — it was the awful loneliness and desolation ef the scene aronnd her. All along the summit of the great «Ufla lay heavy banks of clould that moved and wreatbed^hemselves together, witiLmysterious patches of dsrknese here and there that Miggeated the entrance into far valleys in the unseen mountains behind. And if the outer surface of these precipitous cliffs was brightened by sunlight, and if there waa tv sprinkling of grass on the ledges, every few minutes they passed the yawning archway of a huge cavern, aronnd which tbe aea wu roaring with a muffled and thunderous noist . He thought she would be interested in the extraordinary number and variety of tbe sea-birds about — the solemn cormorants sitting on the ledges, tbe rock pigeons ?hooting out from tbe caves, tbe eea pyots whirring along the rocks like lightening flushes of color, the lordly osprey, with his great wings outstretched and motionless Bailing slowly in the far blue overhead. And no doubt she look d at all these things with a forced interesi ; and she herself now could name the distant islands out in tbe tossing Atlantic j *nd she had in a great measure got aecnatooMd to tbe amphibious life at Dare. But aa she listened to .the booming of tbe waves around those awful reeessrs, and aa aha aaw the jagged and angry racks suddenly appear through the liquid mass of the foiling sea, and as she looked abroad on fie unknown distances of that troubled ocean, and thought of tbe life on tbore remote and lonely islands, tbe spirit of ? sum mer holiday forsook her altogether, and aba was silent. 'And you will have no fear of tbe beast when von go into Macknraon'a Cave,** aaid Janet Macl«:d to her, with a friendly anile * because no one has ever heard of it again. Do you know, it was a strange thing. They saw in the Band the foot-print of animal that is not known to any one about here; -ven Kiith himself did not know what it ?as—' ' I think it was a wild-cat,' said he. ' And tbe men they had nothing to do then; ud they, went ell about the caves, but they could see nothing of it. And it has never come back again.' 'And I suppose you are not anxious for its coming back?' Miss White said. 'Perhaps ^on will be very lucky and see it some day, I know that Keith would like to shoot it, whatever it is.' 'That is very likely,' Miss White aaid, without any apparent sarcasm. By-and-by they paused opposite the entrance to a cave tbat seemed even larger and blacker than the others ; and then Miss White dis covered that they were considering at what point they could most easily effect a landing. Already through the singularly dear water she could make out vague green masses that told of tbe presence of huge blocks of yellow rock far below them ; and as they cautiously went further toward the shore— a man at the bow calling out to them — these blocks of rock became clearer and clearer, until it seemed ae if those glassy billows that glided under the boat, and then went crashing in white foam a few yards beyond, must inevitable transfix the frail craft on one of these jagged points. But at length they manpged to run the bow of the gig into a somewhat sheltered place, and two of the men, jumping knee-deep into the water, hauled the keel still further over the grating shell-fish ef the rock ; and then Macleod, scrambling out, assisted MisB White to land. « Do yon not come with ue ?' Miss White called back to the boat. ' Oh, it is many a time I have been in the cave,' aaid Janet Macleod ; 'and I will have the luncheon ready for you. And you will not stay long in tbe cave, for it is cold and damp.' - : He took her hand, for the scrambling over the roughs recks and stones was dangerous work for unfamHias ankles. They drew nearer to this awful thing, that rose far above them, and seemed waiting to enclose them and shut them in forever. And whereas about the other caves there were plenty of birds flying, witp their shrill screams denoting their terror or resentment, there was no sign of life at all about this black rod yawning chasm, and there was an absolutely silence, but for the rolling of the bnakers behind them that only produced vague and wandering echoes. As she advanced over the treacherous ehngle she became con scious of a sort of twilight appearing aronnd her. A vast black thing — black as night and still as the grave — was ahead of her ; but already the change from the blaze of sunlight outside to this partial darkness seemed strange on his eyes. Tha air .grew colder. As she looked up at the tremendouB walls, and at the mysterious blackness beyond, ahe grasped his band more tightly, though the walking on the wet sand was now comparatively easy. And as they went further and further into this blackness, there was only a faint strange light that made an outline of the back of his figure, leading his face in darkness ; and when he stooped to examine the send, she turned and looked back, and behold the vast portal by which they entered had now dwindled down into a email space of bewildering white. No,' aaid he, and ahe was startled by the the hollow tones of his voice, 'I can not find any traces of the beast now ; the have all gene.' T;ien he produced a candle, and lit it ; and aa they advanced further into the blackness there was visible this solitary star of red fire, that threw dulled mysterious gleams from time to time on some projecting rock. 'You must give me your hand again; Keith,' said ehe, in a low voice; and when he shifted the candle, and took her hand in his, be found that it waa trembling some what. « Win yon go any further ?' aaid he. 'No.' They stood and looked around. The darkness seemed without limits ; the red light was insufficient to produce any thing like an out line of this immense place, even in feint and wandering gleams. 'If any thing were to move, Keith,' eaid she, *'I should die.' w Oh, nonsense,' said he, in a cheerful way ; but the hollow echoes of (be cavern made his voice sound eepulchraL ' There is no beaBt at all in here, you may be rare. And I have often thought of tbe fright a wild-cat or a beaver may have got when be came »n here in the night, and then discovered he had stumbled on a lot of sleeping men — ' ??Ofmen!' 'Tr.ey eay this was a sanctuary of the Culdeea ; and I often wondar how the old chapi got their food. I am afraid they must have often fallen back on the young cormo rant*: that is what Major Stuart calls an expeditious way of dining, for you eat two courses, fish and meat-, at tbe same time. And if you go further along, Gertrude, you will come to the great alter-atone they used.' ' 1 would rather not go,' said ahe. ' I — I do not like this place. I think we will go back now, Keith.' As they cautiously made their way back to the glare of tbe entrance, ahe etOl neld his, hand tight} and she did not speak at alL Their footsteps echoed strangely in this hollow epaoe. And then the air grew suddenly warm ; and there was a glow of daylight around ; and although her eyes were rather bewildered, she breathed more freely, and there was an air of relief on her face. « I think I will sit down for a moment Keith,' said she; and then he noticed with a sudden ahum, that her cheeks were rather pale. ' Are you ill ?' said be, with a quick anxiety in her eyes. ' Were you frightened ?' w Oh. no ?' said she, with a forced cheerful ness ; and she sat down for a moment on one of the smooth bowlders. 'T-u -must not think I am such a coward as that. But the chilling atmoepuere — we cnange— -aiaae me « little faint.' ' Shall I run down to the boat for some wine for you ? I know tbat Janet has brought some claret.' ' Ob, not at all,' said she, and he saw with a great delight that her color was returning. 'I am quite well now. But 1 wi^-et lor a minut- * t you are in no hurry, befu2*-jcrambl- ing down those stones again.' He was in no hurry i - n the contrary he sat down beside her and took her hand. 'Ton know, Gertv,' said he, 'it will be some time before I can learn all tbat you like and dislike, and what you can bear, and what pleases jou best ; it will be some time, no doubt ; but then, when I bave learned, you will fi d that no one will look after you so carefully as I will.' ' I know you are very kind to me,' said ahe in a low voice. 'And now,' said he, very gently and even timidly, but bis firm band held her languid one with something of a more nervous clasp, ' if you would only tell me, Gerry, that on such and such a day you would lrave the atage altogether, and- on suchaitd such a day yon would let me come to Lhndon— and you know tbe rest — then I would go to my mother, and there would be no need of any more aeency, and intead of her treating yon irerely asa eoest she would look on her as a daughter, and y u might talk with her frankly.' She did not at all withdraw the small gloved hand, with its fringe of fur at tbe end of die narrow sleeve. Oo tbe contrary, as it Isy there in his warm grasp, it waa like the email, white, furred foot of a ptarmigan, so little and soft and genOswasit. (To he wnOniulJ ' 