THE SOURCE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. j A beautiful person is the natural form of a beautiful soul. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes prece dence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of the fairest face. A sensual disposition deforms the handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all the character out of the counten ance. A cherished hatred transforms the most beautiful lineaments into an image of ugliness. It is as impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad passions feeding 011 the blood, a set of low loves tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegant mansion with a litter of swine in the basement, a tribe of gipsies in the parlour, and owls and vultures in the upper part. Bad ness and beauty will no more keep company a great while than poison will consort with health, or an elegant carving survive the furnace fire. The experiment of putting tlieni together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvarying result. There is 110 sculptor like the mind. There is nothing that so refines, polishes, and ennobles face and mien as the constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives in the region of ideas, moon beams though they be, becomes idealised. There are no arts, no gymnastics, 110 cosmetics wliich can contribute a tithe so much of the dignity, tbe strength, the ennobling of a man's looks, as a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, au unquenchable en thusiasm. But more powerful still than any of these as a beautifier of the person is the overmastering purpose aud pervading disposition of kindness sn the heart. Affection is the organis ing force in the humau constitution. Woniai? Is fairer than man because she has lifore affection than man. Loveli ness is tl)e outside of |qve. Kindness, sweetness, goodwill, a prevailing desire and determination to make others happy, make the body a temple of the Holy Ghost. The soul that is full of pure and generous affections, fashions the features into its own angelip like ness, as tlie rose by inherent jnipulse grows in g13.ee and blossoms into loveli ness wl|icl| ai't cqnuot equal. There is nothing 011 earth which no quickly transfigures a personality, refines, exalts, irradiates with heaven's own impress of loveliness, as a pervading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angels are beautiful because they are good, and God is beautiful because He is love. — Christian Globe. 