THE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT, [COMMUNICATED.] A TKLEGIUM in tbe Watch of Saturday last intimated that Mr. E. J. Woods, the architect to tbe Education De. partment, purposed visitin^Melbourne with the view of inspecting the dif ferent public buildings in the metro, polia or the sister colony, and having done so that it was his intention to make his annual visit of inspection of the school buildings in the South.East, and from whioh visit it is devoutly to be hoped he will return a wiser if not ft better man. There are many matters in connection with Mr, "Woods' proposed visit to this district to which that goutlemau might very properly direct his special attention: and amongst the foremost is the deflcieut--^ or a stronger term might even be used without any very violent stretch of imagination-accommodation provided in the way of teaohera' residences, many of which are totally unsuited to the purpose for whioh they are in tended, Complaints from various quartern have already been forwarded to the Department with respect to the deficiency, aud iu some iustances addi tional buildings are being erected, thereby proving pretty conclusively the want of judgment and forethought shown by the Department iu their original matructiopB to the avphftept ural head of the department, Why the Board should assume that teachers and their families in country djstriots require less and inferior accommoda tion to that provided for their more fortunate brotnren in Adelaide and the larger towushipa of the colony, ib a mystery thi^tjs j'utjier difficult to solve, unless indeed the head of the Depart ment classes the scholastic attainments of his teachers in proportion to the size of the resideijces provided) Another matter of even greater im portance than the foregoing, aud one .that requires not only the attention of parents" but of every "person who is at all interested in the education and moral training of the rising generation of the colony, is the accommodation provided fop the reception of children attending sphool, In tlje majority of instances in country districts there is but one building erected, in wbich the youth of both sexes are crowded to getber, and in many cases solely under the control of a male teacher, And when it is considered that mauy of the girls attending these schools are of an age yevging upon y/omanhood, that they are thrown both in aud out of school hours into the society and com* panionship of lads as old or older than themselves, without the moral cave and surveillance that should be exercised over thera by a teacher of their own sex, it requires but little foresight on the part of parents and guardians to know that such a system is fraught with impropriety, and requires to be remedied without delay. Another sub ject to which Mr, Woods jnight direct his attention is the aocommoda tion provided for children when out of sohool, It is probable be will find that in some instances at least neither privacy or even common decenoy have teen considered. The foregoing is a subject that might be greatly enlarged upon, while at the same time it re quires to be delicately handled} and there are but few persons in this country, of either sex, who have arrived at the years of discretion, who will not say that it is one that requires a careful and thoughtful consideration. It will probably bo urged by strict economists of the Joseph Hume school that it is a question of expense as well as morality, To this there is the simple reply that if a national system of com pulsory; education is required it should oe carried out in its integrity, str}ctly and to the letter. The wwior peetiou of the architectural taste displayed in the buildings ia one that requires no comment. Not a tew of them present the appearance of having been designed by apricklayer'a laborer, and the ex. penditure of another fifty pounds, without detracting from their useful ness, would have added very materially to their appearance. MOUNT GAMMER STEAMSHIP COMPANY. The half-yearly meeting of this Company was held on Wednesday morning! when a very satisfactory balance-sheet for tne half-year ended Deoember 31 last was presented. It showed that the profits for the half-year were £2,597, which, with the balance carried forward from last half, plaoed at the disposal of the Dlreotors olose on £3,536. No dividend was deolared last half-year ; it was, therefore, deolded to pay one of 5s. per share this. £1,000 was written off the value of the steamers for depredation j £1,000 was plaoed to the reserve fund ; and the balance was oarrled forward. The report gave the shareholders satisfaction, and a com plimentary vote to the Directors and officers of the Company brought the meeting to a olose. THE Survoyor-General loft Adelaide on Thursday for the South-East. He will be at Mount Gambler next woek, CHRISTY MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT. The many counter attractions on Wednesday evening affected the attendance at the Mount Gambler Amateur Christv Minstrel entertain ment in the Oddfellows' Hall, the number pre sont being about 150. The entertainment com menced at about half-past eight o'olook. When the curtain was raised eight sable gentlemen were dlsolosed standing, and they immediately took their aoveral positions. The "corner' men" were Messrs. J, Paterson (Qoues) aud R, T, Knight (Tambo); Mr. J. King was John son, Mr. Bavin pianist, and Mr. Marsh violinist. Messrs. Oaklanas, J. Henwood, and J. W. Pal mer were the remaining three. The first part of the entertainment consisted of songs, jokes, and oonundrums in the usual manner of negro min strels. After an overture by the Company, Mr. Oaklandssang "Little Bister's gone to sleep" correctly and touohlngly. Then followed a comic song by "Tambo"; "Don't forget to write me, darling," well sung by Mr, Bavin: "Sally dear," by Mr. King ; "The angels told me so." by Mr. Oaklands; and "Hook me to sleep, by Mr. Bavin. The first part concluded with a " ghost ohorus" by the oompany. Be tween eaoh song the members oracked jokes and Eroposed conundrums, some of whloh had a looal earing. The second part consisted of songs and dunoes. Mr. King sang two oomlo songs very well; and Mr. Knight acquitted himself oredlt ably in "Dublin Bay." Mr. King danced the sailor's hornpipe capitally, aud was enthusiasti cally recalled. Mrs, King was uo less success ful in the "Highlaud Fling," The entertain ment oonoluded after 11 o'dook with a oomlo sketoh called "The nigger danoing master." MOUNT GAMBIER INSTITUTE.-A meeting of the trustees was held on Tuesday evening, wheu there were present Messrs. Lewis (In the chair), Holtje, Prltohard, Frew, Bolte, and Poyntz, An acoount reoelved from Mr. Palmer for re binding '20 books was referred baok to him for correction, as it was considered the amount charged for five of them was beyond agreement. The Librarian reported that one of the papers in the publlo reading room had been mutilated, and it was resolved to proseoute the offender if he oould be discovered. Two copies of the Quern lander having been received from Mr. Glover, the sarae were acknowledged with thanks It was reported that two new boxes <if bqoks had been reoelved from Adelaide Institute. { Several new works were added to the library, ' Turc Zulu War,-Our London telegrams announce a serious engagement between the British forces ami the Zulus, and unfortunately the latter have got the beat of It. They attaoked In overwhelming force, and judg I ing tiy the losses on both sites, they must have fought with desperate valour. The loss on the British Bide appears to have been about 1200, half of whom were native troops, while the Zulu j loss is set down at 5,000, The small British foroe eau ill afford suoh a loss, and the engage ment cannot fail to have a depressing effeot on both them and their allies while correspondingly raising the hopes of the Zulus. Reinforcements are urgently applied for, uud the First Lord of the Admiralty lias anuounoed that sufficient will be embarked to speedily terminate the war. Nothing short of an emphatic display of British power will remove the bad effeot of the engage ment. Our latest is thafc'12,000troops-In fantry, oavalrv, and artillery-are being em barked iti swift sailing steamers for the theatre of war. THE SISTERS DUVAMiI.-'The Sisters Du valli and their company played before a large house in the Institute Half ou Wednesday eveu ing, aud their entertaiument Buooeeded to the full iu realising the expectations of the auditory. The specialty of the Sisters is dancing, in which they greatly exoel. In their Spanish dances and dances oharacterlstque their skill and grace are inimitable,. In ooinlo aketalies also the Sisters played well. They are singers of average ability, their forte iu tliis way being songs of comic or light charac ter. Mr. O. F. Ooutts is an aotor and singer of good ability, and soon established himself as a favorite. His oonga varied from grave to gay, aud in all he appeared equally at home. Mir. Charles Hall is also a pleasing aetov and singer. Mr. A. DeGay is pianist, ana performed his part in an accomplished manner, considering the state of the instrument ou which he had to display his abilities, The dresses used were appropriate for the several olwruoteya sus^alpoc). Tl|6 pro? gramme on Wednoaday evening was one in wliipit full scope was aflovaed for the display of the powers of the company. Jt opened with a njusical comedietta - "Peoultyr Folks" -ill whioh sqngs, dances of various' ldi^ds,- ancj strik iug situations were profusely sprinkled. It concluded with a comedietta called " Alliance, or the uniou of rose, stars, shaiurook, ana thistle." The clmruoteristics of tliB four nationalities were cleverly brought out, especially by the Sisters aud Mr. Ooutta, aud they were most vyarfnly cheered. The opening piece qi) Tuesday iji^ht was a burletta qqlTetf' ("file Demon Lover." The p}eco, thoqgh nepessar}ly sho^t, i? WP!} planned, and t|}e SJstprs performed tlie leading characters charmingly. The Grand Pas de Deux a la Plabollque by the Sister, whloh concluded the flvst part, was a marvellous exhibition of graceful posturing and danoiug. The entertainment oonoluded with a comedietta entitled "TheShah of Persia." Last evening 'IThe two Pqmjuqeq" and "4 11W Brigands'* was performed.' The most striking dauoe was the i'Pas de Deux-a la Ohilperic," On Thursday m>d Friday evenings the atteRdtmoe \yqs mocjer^te. Thpy play here (qr flip last ti^e to-night, ' Qn Monday evening they play at Port MaaDonnell, on Tuesday eveuing at Mllliceut, aud ou Thurs day and Friday evenings at Penola. The RACES.-Weduesday proved a most en joyable day for the Mouut Gambler Olub's races, aud they went off with all the expeoted eclat, The atteudanoe was not so large as at former meetings. The hard times and the risk of f|re jib doi^t detaining many at home who would otherwise have put in au appearance. The fields of horses, however, ware quite up to the average, and the different events were well contafltnrl Everything was conducted In an orderly manner, nud nothing occurred to mar the harmony of the day's proceedings. As is usual the snort wfcs carried into Thursday, when .a very interesting steeplechase, got up privately, was ri?n off, T|]ja took place on Thursday nftorno.on, atid exoited much intprest.' Son}b detoYmiued riding was Bliown,' and after a good maiiy up and dowus Mr, button's \yell-kuown horse Touchit was jaqded tl>e wlpney, Petalls will bo found else Y/hore, Finn ON (Jlencjoe.-A heavy fire devastated the Glencoe estate on Monday, and about 70 miles of fencing was destroyed, The loss in fenoing alone is set down at about £2,000, The same Are invaded the farms of the Messrs. Boneham at Kalangadoo, and did some damage to their feuoes and grass, The fire was checked on Mouduy night by a welcome fall of rain, and advantage was takeu of the ohange in the weather to make everything as safe as possible op Tqes <toy< CONUNDRUMS,-At the Christy entertainment on Wednesday evening the following, among other local conundrums, pleased the audienoe: -Why is the Corporation of Mount Gambler more clever than any other local body in the Southeast P-Beoause it oau manufacture a mars (Mayor) out of a duok. Why is the manager of Wendt's shop like a poor sheep P--Because he is a lean ewe (Lleiwu). Why are we Christies the best in Australia P-Because we are led by a King and supported by a Knight, GAMBIBR WEST Council-No meeting of the Gambler West Couucil wag held on Thursday afternoon only Councillor fetprs having shown Up. COMPLIMKNTAUY TEA AND SONG SERVICE. -On Wednesday afternoon, at five o'clock, a social tea to nmrlc the visit of the Eev, W, R. Hiddleatone, of Brunswlok, Victoria, was held in the Baptist Ohuroh, Holon-street. In res* ponae to the invitation that members of all de nominations were free to attend, a very large company assembled, and passed au hour very sociably. In the evening, at seven o'olook, Mr, Hiddleatone, whose musioal talents are well known and appreciated at Mouut Gambier, gave a servioe of song in the Primitive Methodist Ohuroh. The oullding was orowded notwith standing the mulripliolty of attraotious elsewhere Mr. Hiadlostono delivered a stirring discourse, illustrating the several points in it by the sing* ing of ohoice hymns and saored songs. The pieces were excellently aung, the singer accom panying himself on an harmonium. A collection was made at the close in aid of the funds of the Baptist Ohuroh here. Mr. Hiddleatone is announced to hold two servioes in the Baptist Ohuroh to-morrow, These will be his last during his present visit, as he leaves next week for Melbourne. LOCAL COURT,-There are only two cases for trial at the sitting of the Mount Gambier Local Oourt on Monday, viz, an unsatisfied judgment-Wallaoe Y. Augusta Williams, £21 10s. (3d,; an adjourned case-Hollis v. Dwyer. £4 15s, lOd, The former is a full oourt ana the latter a limited oourt ease. Tins English mail will olose at the Post-office, Mount Gamhier, on Friday the 21st inst., at 10-30 o'clock p.m. BALLOONING. - Professor Oarl was very successful with his ballooning exhibition on Wed. nesday night. The evening was calm, dark, and cool. The exhibition took place in front of the Farmers' Inn, and a good crowd assembled, full of curiosity but rather destitute oi liberality, Two balloons were inflated and sent off. The first one asoended to a great height and took a northerly course, ultimately disappearing in the distance. The second, which was sent up about 8.45 p.m., ascended to a height of about half a mile, and, after going westerly for a short dis tance, sailed away to the northward, and dis appeared. The balloons were eaoh 10 feet in height by 2(3 feet in diameter, and wheu sent away were illuminated with a new magnetio light whose brlllitmoy is said to equal that of 175 candles, THE STEAMERS.-The Oooroug arrived from Adelaide on Thursday aud sailed on her return yesterday. The Penola arrived yesterday, and is annouuoed to sail for Adelaide at noon to-day. CANINE SAGACITY.-On Wednesday evening a resident of Worrolong was to be seen on his way home on horsebaok in suoh a plight that he oould neither sit upright nor hold IiIB horse's reins. He had not gone far when his dog, taking in the situation, got the reins in his mouth, and we believe led the pair safely home. Allandalk.-We are advised that a female teacher has been appointed to the Allandale sohool. The residents fear this will not suit. About 60 children should attend this suhool. many of them boys of a good age, and they will require a inastor to manage them. It was hoped that a master and mistress would be appointed, PRIMITIVE METHODIST Ohuaoa.- Services will be held in the Mount Gambier Primitive Methodist Ohuroh to-morrow by the Rev. J. H. Martin, a young minister, who is now ou a short visit to this town. 