A TRIP TO CAMPBELLTOWN. By W. E. B. HAVING frcquently heard of Campbelltown as the centre of an important agricultural district as well as being a place of unenviable notoriety in the early days of the colony, I have been for some time naturally anxious to see and explore this classic region, renowned alike in colonial doggerel rhyme, such as ' Campbelllown Races five miles long, Doo dah, %c," and in the fearfully realistic prose of the penal history of the colony. It was, therefore with unfeigned alacrity that I accepted an invitation to spend Sunday, the 11th instant, with a friend residing in Campbelltown. Rattling out of Redfern Station by the 5.25 train on Saturday afternoon, the 10th instant, we were rapidly whirled through a thickly-populated neighbourhood in which (though we got very fair glimpses of some architectural gems, such as, for instance, the University and other public buildings, including churches of all denomina tions, as well as several really fine resi dences), the more distant and consequently Iess distinct buildings appeared to be executing a most fantastic quadrille, in the mazes of which we left them, as we sped on in our mad career of — well, something less than sixty miles an hour. How much Iess I did not inquire, but upon mature consideration I am inclined to, think that we may safely estimate the average rate of speed, attained by the iron horse in New South Wales as being quite equal, if not indeed superior, to the best efforts of any ordinary costermonger's donkey, provided, of c urse, that the aforesaid donkey be not too well fed. Soon, however, "Lone evening came down on the wanderer's track,' followed by night in all her sable habili ments, which compelled us to abandon what had hitherto been a somewhat fruit less attempt at sight-seeing ; and we were, therefore, obliged to cool our ardour in the pursuit of ' scenes that are brightest,' a proceed ing which was considerably facilitated by the refrigerating properties of the evening air. Campbelltown station was reached at about ten minutes past seven. We had therefore travelled the whole distance, fully 34 miles, in the re markably short space of 1 hour and 45 minutes, which, gives the astonishing average of a trifle under 20 miles an hour. O ! ye benighted Vic torians, who have Berry'd your light under a bushel, read ! and learn to what perfection rail way travelling can be brought when there is such a Good chap at the head of affairs ; and having duly considered this mighty achievement, ' go ye, and do likewise !' Leaving the Railway station, we ftrst sought my friend's house ; and then, having done ample justice to a substantial repast, which, by the way, we stood greatly in need of, proceeded on our tour of inspection. This, however, did not prove a brilliant success, for, after struggling for about an hour and a half with the most tenacious and exasperating mud that ever it has been my mis fortune to come in contact with, we saw only one or two fairly-lighted shops, in which the attend ants seemed as though they had placed themselves under the protection of the drowsy god ; and well they might, for I verily believe that (except ing of course our own party) we could have counted on the fingers of one hand the number of persons who were to be seen in those parts of the town which, for convenience' sake, we shall call streets. Some of the hotels, however, ap peared to be well patronized, and were, in fact, doing what was not inaptly termed a ' roaring trade,' for from each of these in turn as we passed issued ' a sound of revelry by night ' which was quite deafening. As, however, the night had become chilly and the prospect uninviting, we deemed it advisable to turn our steps homewards. Sunday morning broke, and with it came a mizzling soaking rain, which continued without intermission until the afternoon. This of course, kept us indoors during the whole morning, which, under the circumstances, was anything but satisfactory. The rain ceased, however, about 2 o'clock, and the sun having once more obtained the mastery, things began to assume a somewhat cheerful aspect ; so much so, that we came to tho conclusion that now or never was the time to see something of the surroundings, and accordingly set out upon our travels. During the walk through Campbelltown I was greatly impressed by the faithful illustration it presents of Goldsmith's ' Deserted Village,' faithful in so far us it concerns the description of ' The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm ; The never-failing brook, the busy mill ; The decent church that topped the neighbouring hill ' &c.; ; — and also in the fact that all these things, though still in existence in Campbelltown, seem to have fallen into something very near akin to pre mature decay. On all sides are evidences of former prosperity, traceable in the large, almost barrack-like, proportions of most of the buildings, and in the extent of arable land, which, though it was evidently once under cultivation, appears to have been totally neglected for some consider able time. This is lamentable, for I am given to understand that the district is remarkable for its fertility, and was at one time considered one of the grain-producing areas of the colony. My mission, however, being, not to speculate on what has been, or ought to he, but simply to see what, really is, I did not take the trouble to try and unravel the mystery, and shall, therefore, leave it to older and abler heads to ponder over, and find out the whys and wherefores. The site of the town itself is very beautiful, consisting of a series of slight undulations, rising with a gentle slope to higher elevations, almost hills, on either side, which are nearly parallel with one another, and with the general direction of the township, which lies in the hollow between, with the railway line running through the centre. extends some distance up on the southern slope, on the crest of which stands the Catholic Church, a venerable old building, surrounded in truly European style by the quiet ' country church yard,' where — ' Each in his narrow cell for ever laid, The rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep.' 'Their names, their years, spelt by the unlettered muse, The place of fame and elegy supply. \- The Church of England, a building of more modern design is situated nearer to the centre of the town, while a little to the left, beautifully embowered in a cluster of trees, stands the neatly-built Public school. At the upper end of the valley is the Catholic school, an elegant and substantial building, though, as I was credibly informed, hardly sufficient for the large number of children attending it. The courteous, and as I am given to understand, very able teacher, Mr. Newman, kindly showed me over the school, which I found to be very commodious, and well supplied with all the requisites for imparting a good, sound education to the rising generation of Campbelltown. This school will be found, on reference to the reports of the Council of Educa tion, to rank very highly among the schools of the colony. The buildings in the heart of the town are, with, few exceptions, very large and roomy, and are principally, of stone or brick, as comparatively few wooden ones were to be seen. There are seven or eight business places, of which the majority are hotel and store combined, and these together, with ihe public buildings already men tioned, three or four banks, butchers' shops, &c;, the more immediate farmers' homesteads, and last, but not least, the railway station, make up the township of Campbelltown, which, notwith standing all its drawbacks, cannot fail to strike the visitor as being a nicely situated and very interesting country town. I must not omit to mention that for many years past there might have been seen in the very centre of the town a post and triangle, the usual requisites for the infliction of that most degrading and brutal punishment— flogging — the very idea of which seems to be so inseparably connected with penal associations. This, I am pleased to relate, has lately been demolished, and with it sank into well-merited oblivion one of the many 'prints of the cloven foot,' which, unhappily for the fair fame of our young colony, this ' Greater Britain,' are even yet in existence in our midst. Campbelltown has yet another point of interest to the visitor, in the fact of a small creek which runs through the town, being the scene of the Fisher's Ghost Mystery. This re markable incident is, however, so well known that it is needless to dilate upon it here at greater length. Having been thus agreeably occupied for a season ' Far from the madding crowd's ignoble strife,' the shrill whistle of the train on Monday morn ing, warning me that I must perforce hasten back once more to the cares and turmoil of the busy city, broke upon my slumbers like a dread ful nightmare which I would fain be rid of ; but my motto being ' duty before pleasure,' I arose, reached the station in time to be whirled away again at the same lightning-like speed with which I had been hurried out of Sydney, and after another remarkably short trip, arrived in town at 8.45 a.m., very well pleased with my country ramble. Sydney, 17th May, 