Local and General News. LISMORE SMALL DEBTS COURT.- At a sitting of the above on the 25th Instant, before J. Stocks, G. Sutherland, and P. K. Donaldson, Esq., J.Ps. the following cases were heard, - Assigned Estate of J. McLennan v. P. Ruckle - Claim, £7 3. 3d ; case continued. J. Peate v. Munster-£3 6s. 5d. for goods supplied ; case continued. Estate McLennan v. W. Geradd -£1 for goods sold ; verdict for plaintiff. E. W. Allingham v. J. Brown-£8 for professional costs ; case withdrawn. Same v. T. Hart - £9 9s.; case continued. Same v. C. Barry £3 3s. ; verdict for plaintiff, £2 15s 6d., and costs ; J. Bryant v. W. Saville- £10 promissory note; verdict for plaintiff.-Same v. Same- £10; verdict for plaintiff. O. Cawley v. F. Litch- field- £1 4s. for work done ; verdict for the plaintiff. Several cases were settled out of Court LISMORE POLICE COURT. At a sittings of the above, on the 25th June, before G. Sutherland and P. R. Donaldson, Esqs., J.Ps., the follow- ing cases were heard,- Police v. T. Clune - Obscene language, plea guilty ; fined £2 and costs. J. Johnson v. G. Roberts-Insulting language ; case struck out. J. Stocks, Esq., J.P., here took his seat on the Bench. Police v. J.. Street - Breach of Publicans' Act. The hearing of this case occupied the Bench some four hours, and from the evidence adduced, it appeared that from information received, senior Constable Sharpe proceeded to the house of he defendant about 2 a.m. on the morning of the 1st instant, and looking through a window, saw some silver on a table, and two persons named John Lee, and Hebert Johnson sitting thereby - saw the defendant throw up a coin, when he said that is mine, and took the money off the table and upon the witness speaking, the light was blown out ; afterwards spoke to the defendant who said, that they were only tossing for drinks. Robert Johnson deposed, that he went to the defendant's house at 12 o'clock on the 1st in- stant, with £78 in his possession, and was toss- ing for money (1s.), as deposed by Sharpe ; slept at the house all night, and missed the £78 ; saw the defendant the next morning, and on my tell- ing him I had lost money, he handed me £29 which he said I had given him the night pre- vious ; had some drink, but was sober on going to Streets For the defence, John Lee deposed, that Johnson had asked witness to take him to his sister's, but could not, as someone had taken his boat, and that they went to Street's together where Johnson had offered Street £20 ; saw no gambling. John Street deposed that the plain- tiff came to his house on the night of the 31st May, last, and asked for a bed, and after having had some drinks, said, he would give him £20 for his daughter; he handed witness the money, and took charge of £29 of his money altogether ; Johnson and Lee tossed for three drinks, and witness was taking the money off the table, when Constable Sharpe knocked at the window. Defendant was fined £15 and costs, the informer (Robt. Johnson), to receive half the penalty. Mr. Allingham appeared for Robt Johnson, and Mr. Powell (of Sydney), for the defendant PUBLIC LIBRARY.-A correspondent signing as "Query " writes:- Can nothing be done for the youth of Lismore, in the way of intel- lectual recreation or improvement ? Surely the School of Arts Committee, might make a move, in the way of opening at least, a reading-room, during the Winter months.- I grant that even- ing amusements of a kind, are already provided, but something else is wanted for those who find their daily avocations relieved and made more enjoyable by a read. Lismore has been twitted by its " Official Metropolitan " neigh- bour for its absorption of the majority of the Professional men, such as Clergymen and Doctors. Those are often the leaders in the way of finding rational amusement for the people, but they don't seem to be so here. Without seeking to be too critical, I venture to say that many people think they could not put their time to a better use, and one of more benefit to the community at large, than in seeking to establish such on institution as a reading-room, -then the discussion of the subjects that have en- gaged their attention, are ever likely to be, What say you, Mr. Editor ? I don't say the matter rests with them, but of a certainty, the blame attaches somewhere, that no School of Arts, or reading-room, has been provided yet. Who will mov3 in the matter ? MAIZE.-We have received a very fine sam- ple of Mr. Macarthurs large Flint Maize, grown at Boorie Crook, from seed obtained from Syd- ney, last season, by Mr. J. S. Hunt, Saddler, of Molesworth Street, at whose establishment, samples can be seen, and seed obtained by those persous wishing to try this profitable variety. AUSTRALASIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. -This old established and prosperous Society is again before the public, in advertisement appearing in another column, by which we hear that the revenue from life premiums alone amounted last year to £73,132, that its total revenues amounted to £621,958, and that the accumulated funds stand at £2,619,187, as a security for claimants thereon in the event of death, &c.; These funds are also used for the present benefit of members sn advancing money or mortgage, on security of their policies, in landed property, and in Government deben- tures. We have much pleasure in recommend- ing this Society to the notice of our readers, and also, of notifying to the appearing of said Society that they should appoint a local agent here. WATER SUPPLY. - It is notified that the following lands have been reserved for the pur- pose of a Water Supply,- Clarence District. - No. 501. County of Rous, parish of Coraki, area 13 acres 3 roods 23 perches. The Crown Lands within the following boundaries : - Com- mencing at the north- east corner of portion 136 ; and bounded thence on the north by a line east 5 chains to the north-west corner of portion 137; thence on the east by the west boundary of that portion and its prolongation south to a point due east of the south-east corner of por- tion 136 aforesaid.; thence on the south by a line west 5 chains to that corner ; thence on the west by the east boundary of that portion north 27 chains 79 links, to the point of commence- ment. LEGAL.-During the past week, we have been favoured with a visit from Mr. T. Powell, Solicitor of the Supreme Court, Sydney, who leaves again this week, for the Metropolis, with the intention of returning, at an early date, for the purpose of practising his profession in this district. THE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-As our readers will perceive by the report of the proceedings published in another column, our newly elected Aldermen had their first field night, on Monday evening last, when they got through a con- siderable amount of business, which will, we hope, be productive of good results to the town, and the district in general ; while the state of the streets and the weather as our worthy Alder- men turned out at 11 o'clock at night, from their labours for the public weal, was some thing to be remembered,-there being- heavy rain, darkness, and the rush of storm waters in every direction, showing that even the Muni cipal path is not strewn with roses at all times. PARISH ROAD.-It is notified it is proposed to open the following road, any well grounded objection be transmitted to the Clerk of the Executive Council, Department of Mines, with in one month from this date. Part of the Ballina and Lismore Road, viz-, from the north east corner of A. Eyles' CP. 40 acres, portion No. 74. to the Bridge over Fisherman's Creek, parish of Ballina, county of Rous. Being Boundary road, T. Bourke, CP., J. and A. Eyles, A. Eyles, CP., the Crown. THE WEATHER.- After passing showers, it commenced to rain pretty freely on Monday evening last, and continued throughout the night, culminating on Tuesday morning in a strong south-east gale with heavy rain, and lightning and thunder, which had the effect of flooding all the low lands, and rising the river to some feet. The storm which lasted until 3 o'clock p.m., severely tried our houses and buildings, many of which were far from proving water- proof, while in some cases, even in door business was partially put a stop to by the rush of water, while in most instances, roofs covered with shingles turned the water better than the corrugated iron, generally used here, which in many instances, even in new houses, let the rain in very freely. We are sorry to say, that Mr. Reed's house was again nearly submerged, and the inmates had made prepara- tions for quitting, ere the storm had ceased. As a natural consequence, the Punt ceased running, while no mails have come to hand, and the telegraph lines with the exception of Casino, being down in every direction, while we expect to hear of much damage being done in portions of the district more exposed to the full fury of the storm than this township is. Our Ballina correspondent writes :- On Tues- day 24th instant, we had a violent easterly gale, the like of which has not been experienced on this part of the coast for many years. The wind, which had been blowing a gale all Mon- day night, culminated on Tuesday morning into something terrific, continuing without cessation till 2 p.m., when it died away almost instan- leniously. The force of the wind will be better understood, when I state, that it blew down four buildings, and carried away the verandah from another. Poor Mat. Welsh, the waterman had his domicile blown right into the North Creek, the School of Arts, presenting its broad- side to the gale, came to grief by collapsing in the middle, after its windows had blown in with a crash. A building belonging to Mr. Ross, which stood on the upper portion of his pad- dock, likewise gave the gale best, and suc- cumbed. A stable, the property of Mr. Ryan, Butcher, took a sudden departure from its up right position, its power of maintaining a perpendicular not being equal to the occasion, the debris strewing the ground for some dis- tance around, two horses were in the stable at the time, but with assistance, both oscaped un- hurt. Our baker, Mr. Louis Lovett, had the verandah of his new dwelling house carried clean away, and blown so far, that Louis gave up the chase as hopeless. Residents might have been seen, in all directions, applying sup- ports to tho lee sides of their tenements. The Custom's boatshed got such a severe shaking, that it not likely it will recover. Fences took horizontal positions, several outhouses did ditto, great numbers of trees were torn up by the roots, in fact, it was such a gale as one sees but seldom in a lifetime. Meanwhile, the rain poured down in torrents, the wind forcing it under the shingles, in such quantity that, in most houses, it was a question whether outside, or in, were tho driest situation. I need hardly say the Telegraph wires, are interrupted. There is a tremendous sea breaking on the beach, and as several vessels were in sight, yesterday, (Monday) it is feared we will hear of some disasters. The gale blowing so directly on the coast, and the sea so heavy as to render it almost on impassibility for any vessel, in ballast, to gain an offing. Several of the steamers in harbour had to leave their wharves, and seek sheltered positions higher up the river. The gale of June 24th, 1879, will be long remem- bered in Ballina. No doubt there are other casualties beside those I have mentioned, but I have given you what information I could glean to date. PUBLIC SCHOOLS.-According the Annual Re port of the Inspectors, the following was the at- tendance and expenditure of the Public Schools in this district for the year 1878,- Alstonville, children, 43, expenditure, £109 1s. 6d. ; Ballina 99, £182 8s. 10d. ; Casino, 111, £306 12s. 8d- ; Coraki, 43, £184 19s. 9d. ; Gundurimba, 50, £171 6s. 4d. ; Lismore, 119, £315 3s. 9d. ; Tweed Junction, 25, £99 3s. 9d.; Wardell, 46, £360 7s. 11d. ; Woodburn. 42, £112 15s 9d. ; Wyrallah, 55, £157 14s. 5d. OUR STREETS, ETC.-After the storm on Tuesday last, we notice his Worship the Mayor, and a brother Alderman, taking a few notes of the effect of the waters upon our streets, and as the storm waters were out in every direction, they no doubt keenly felt the necessity of some thing being done to drain this township, if we wish to get about at all ; and we hope soon to have the pleasure of notifying the fact, that instead of being unable to pedestrianese after the least fall of rain, our main and other streets will be as attractive and walkable as those of other Municipal towns, thereby adding to the comfort, and improving the health of those residents who are compelled by the nature of their avocations to dwell upon the flat lands of this township. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- The following were taken up, at the Casino Land Office, on Thursday, June 19,- David Paine, 1O0 a., p. Lismore. Samuel Trimble, 230 a., p. Camp- bell. C. Chauvel, 40 a., p. Timbarra. J. O'Connor, 40 a., p. South Ballina. John Canan, 50 a., p. Pimlico. Edward Castelle, 50 a., p. Lismore. TO THE LADIES.-We have much pleasure in directing their attention to Barrie and Co's, advertisement on the important matters of Millinery and Dressmaking. We feel assured a trial will give the greatest satisfaction to those requiring new Bonnets or Dresses.-Advt. WHARF RESERVE.-It is notified that the following land has been reserved for the pur- poses of a wharf-Clarence District-No. 503. County of Richmond, parish of Tatham, area about 7 acres. The Crown Lands within the following boundaries :- Commencing on the right bank of the Richmond River at the north west corner of reserve 45, notified 30th Decem- ber, 1861, and bounded thence on part of the west by a line south 3 chains : thence on the south by a line east 6 chains ; thence again on the west by a line south about 35 chains to the road from Casino to Coraki ; thence again on the south by that road easterly 150 links ; thence on the cast by a line north to the Rich- mond River ; and thence on the north by that river upwards to the point of commencement. Forms part of reserve 45 for water supply or public purposes, notified 30th December, 1861. Form part of York Run. PLANTS.-We have to inform our agricul- tural friends that our usual selection of Choice Fruit Trees, &c;, have now arrived, and will be offered for sale, at lowest prices, to give them a start, during the week, any remaining will be offered for sale by auction, next Saturday THE BAR.-A Sufferer writes on the 26th June,- Although no doubt you, in company with most of us, are almost sick and tired of writing and talking on this subject, still I am afraid that unless it is continually, and without intermission, brought forward before the autho- rities, your beautiful river will be so only in name, and will lose the position it has begun to obtain in the eyes of mercantile and business men. Of course, the only way to arrive at a fair judgment of the case is to hear all sides and opinions. I am about to trespass on your space to offer a few suggestions or opinions, us one3 who, though no doubt is inferior to some of your contributors, still goes about with his eyes at any rate partially opened, lt is only now some week two since that we were delighted with the cry of "Eureka," as far as finding a new good and straight channel through the Bar, but alas, alas, while lam writing, the two ocean steamers of Messrs. Nicoll are in the river, one unable to get out, the other delayed from no doubt un- avoidable causes from getting up to her time. The question then resolves itself into what is to be done-is there no midway out of our difficul- ties ; and now I am going to say yes, there, in my humble opinion, no doubt is, and that is a scheme which is to a section of the community no doubt somewhat distasteful, viz., the Railway from Woodburn to Iluka. Believe me, I should be the last to advocate anything which would be detrimental to that enterprising firm-the Messrs. G. and B. Nicoll (who have, and are, struggling manfully against the fearful odds they are encountering, in keeping their steamers on a river, which 40 hours from Sydney brings you to, and takes 8, 10, and sometimes 14 days to get out of), but for one perhaps somewhat short-sighted, cannot see ; but that in the event of the Railway to Iluka, they would got the Richmond trade through the Clarence River when the Bar was bad here, and vice versa. It seems to be the general cry, why should the Richmond be contributary to the Clarence ? I cannot for the life of me see the argument. Everyone knows that, as a rule, water carriage is cheaper than laud carriage, and when the Bar was so good nothing would prevent the steamers traffic ; but is it not reasonable to all right- thinking men that it is preferable to have two outlets to a place than one. It appears to me that the people in authority must almost laugh at the pretended importunity of the Richmond River people, who after getting the Estimate passed for the Railway, leave the theme alone, and seem perfectly indifferent to it. I am one of those who am always anxious to hear all sides, but in goodness's name let something be done. If a commission could be appointed by Parlia- ment, with power to hear all evidence for and against, and come to some definite understandings by all means let us have it, and the sooner the better. But I am quito sure that more business would be done, and more moneyed people would come to the river, if they were certain in case of their wanting to get to Sydney they could make definite arrangements so to do, instead of being kept in a state of uncertainty and fear all the time they are here. I trust you will pardon the space I have taken up, but it is a subject of all importance, and that is my excuse. ODD NOTES.- Bacchus writes :- "Dear Shur, \- Hope you'll fine space for a short note. There's a feller calls sself Apollo-taint him I know because he's my half brother-an I ought't know writin in that other feller's, wat's a name, Ba-Ba-Barber, yes, Barber's paper called the Crockodile, aint it.? Well, less see wat wass.I goin' t' say- O, I know, somethin' 'bout bar'l beer. Wass he mean, I wunner takin' 'xception to some of Aldermen,per'irotin free liquor on pollin' day, jus' 's if a man couldn't \- (bring me 'nother pint beer, Dan)- 'njoy priv'l'ges of British subjec' on such mem'ble 'casion. 'N wass litl' boy got do with it enny how? Drunk beer when I was boy, or wha wass as g'd, gl'ss wine't 'ome ev'y day. Nev't heard these e'nfounded temp'rance s'cieties, there now ! Feller can t walk 'cross street to get glass beer 'r ord'r r'freshm'nt for public on sue mem'ble 'cassion, b't some feller a got somethin' t' say 'bout s'nfulness mod'ate drinkin'. Feller tell me other day, he tried to be mod'ale drinker once, but couldn't hold enuf ; said he tho't (tho', I say, he'd no bisness to think whatev' he might have t' drink,) a man wasn't a mod'ate drinker 'less he had to shut his mouth t' keep 't from run'n'out. 'Ats bosh ! Less see, wa'ss I goin t' say.-('noth' glass beer, Dan),-On tha' mem'ble 'casion, when 'turning Off'cer gave 'ficial 'claration f' poll, 'n' 'clared Lismore a 'nicipality, I couldn't 'sist tem'tation 'pattin' boy on head, 'n* tell'n' him t' "wire in ;" 'n' didnt he ! 'n' didn't I help him ! 'cause 'n such a mem'ble 'casion, A true Brit'sh subjk takes 'a g'itan 'n the glor'us Brit'sh cons'tushun, a 'clares 's 'nal'yenbl privlg's.-In words poet, "Brit'ns neva, neva, nev-a-a shal' be sla-ves Nev! mind, I can't memba wass '.s goin t' say í might think 'f it nex,' week. RATHER ROMANTIC-In our Iast issue we noted the fact of the hurried departure of a gentleman from amongst us, without notice, and whom it has been since reported, was seen near the Nightcap, on the Tweed Road, en route for the Border. We have since been handed the following letter, which was found lying opened, and partially burnt, on the bed so strangely vacated by the above gentleman, and we think, under the circumstances, we shall not committing a breach of privilege in laying it before our readers, Portions of the letter are burnt, and it reads as follows:-"Monday, 16th June. My darling George,-Do dear, accede to my passionate request. I have followed you, now, nearly a thou- sand miles, and saw your name in the Lismore paper I was at the door outside, and heard you preach last. night. Oh George, don't break my heart. Have pity on me. I have left all all to follow you, and Pa and Ma for ever. George, I cannot live without you, and prefer an untimely end...........to be absent from .......... at 5 o'clock this afternoon, and again at 9 o'clock to-night. Come and see me, and oh do do do . . marry, and return - . bourne . . must have you, and if you won't marry, let me be your housekeeper, your slave. Oh, darling, have pity on your devoted, and who is yours till death. The bearer of this is safe, and will not be seen by you. yours ever,-Alice. P.S.-The bearer of this will have a horse for you, one mile on this, the Casino side of the punt, and will bring you to me." THE KELLY'S -The Wagga Wagga Advertiser learns from private sources, that the Kelly gang are expected in the Bourke district en- route for the Queensland border. A posse of police, with black trackers, have been despatched especially to intercept them, should they make their appearance in that district. MORMONISM.-The New York Times of the 16th April, reviewing the proceedings of the forty-ninth annual conference of Mormons at Salt Lake, says: -" At various times during the forty-six year since Joseph Smith produced the Book of Mormons. it has been thought by close and careful observers that this monstrous delusion was on the point of collapse. None of these expectations have been fulfilled. The whole system ff Mormonism remains intact, and apparently impregnable in every part. Not only so, but, under the inspiration of the suc- cess of the party now in power in Congress it is even proposed that Utah shall be admitted into the family of States. This is the present aim of the Mormon leaders. While the Mormon Church remains merely one of the peculiar institutions, subject wholly to the direct legislation of Con- gress, and governed by appointees of the National Executive, there is no hope for the absolute independence of the Church of Latter-day Saints and the Mormon heirarchy. But those who think that the Mormon leaders are depressed, or are relaxing their efforts to secure permanent foundations for their little empire, deceive themselves." THE LATE MR. ANGUS.-Figures can be very eloquent at times, A telegram from South Australia says that the will of the late Mr. G.F. Angus has been proved at under £543,000. Of course this trifle excepts the property he has given to his sons during his lifetime, one of whom, Mr. J. H. Angus, was reputed to be a very rich man. Somehow or other, men have managed to amass money in and around that ''farmaceous village," as Adelaide has been termed. When Sir T. Elder sent his cheque for £30,000 towards the University funds, a depu- tation waited upon him to thank him. He replied that the deputation seemed to think he had done some great thing, to himself it did not appear so. But then it was currently said the rise in the price of wool some seven or eight years ago gave him £84,000, in addition to his ordinary income from his stations, his Elder line of clippers to London, his Moonta and Wallaroo mine shares, ahd his very large business as a London and Adelaide merchant. His partner (Mr. Barr South) was said to be even more wealthy. Mr. Walter Watson Hughes, of Wallaroo and Moonta mines celebrity, who also gave £20,000 to the University, and inti- mated that more would be forthcoming if neces- sary, seemed to think very little, when he was in the colony, of giving £100,000 for a station for a favourite nephew. These figures discourse sweet music to a few favoured ones. TO PRESERVE FENCE POSTS.- A western farmer discovered many years ago that wood can be made to last longer than iron in the ground. Time and weather, he says, seem to have no effect on it. The posts can be prepared for less than two cents a piece. This is the recipt Take boiled linseed oil and stir in pul- verised charcoal to the consistency of paint. Put a coat of this over the timber, and he adds that there is not a man who will live to see it rot.- Chemist. A CLOUD OF SMOKE. -Everyone has observed that frost is rarely deposited in a cloudy night; in fact, whatever prevents radiation, and the cooling of the tree below a certain point prevents frost. A thin paper of fabric will protect very tender plants, and oven a cloud of smoke will do the same. In the vineyards referred to, when frost is feared, fires are built and then damp straw or other litter-whatever will make a denso smudge -is thrown upon them. As frost rarely occurs except on still nights, the smoke will not blow away, Moreover, it is found that the mischief is usually done within an hour or two of sunrise, and that it is not necessary to start the fires until then. This method, so effective in vineyards, should be equally so in peach orchards.- American Agriculturist. BLONDIN, THE ROPEWALKER.-Blondín, tho hero of Niagara, as he loves to call himsolf, is still pursuing his perilous course upon the tight- rope, after making and losing half-a-dozen for- tunes. He is now performing with great success in the London Aquarium. He disdains the caution of a netting beneath his rope, his long years of immunity from accident having streng- thened his old confidence in his skill and good luck. His self-possession is absolute, but the blunder of an attendant nearly cost him his life years ago, and in his case the first mishap is almost certain to be the last. THE CHANNEL TUNNEL.-The sounding of the English Channel, is proceeding rapidly. Up to the end of February 7971 soundings, varying in depth from 50 to 100 fathoms, were taken ; and over 3000 geological specimens were ob- tained. The tunnel which will have a total length of 22½ miles, will pass through a stratum of chalk sufficiently thick and firm to be imper- vious to water. The influence of the variations in the sea has been studied with the utmost care, and will not be unfavourable, as was at first imagined. A train would enter the tunnel at Sangatte, near Calais, a gentle decline, and would then follow a gradual upward slope, emerging at St. Margaret's Bay, about five miles from Dover.. ATTEMPTED MURDER OF THE CZAR.- A cor- respondent of the ' France ' at St. Petersburg states that as soon as the Czar had entered the Winter Palace after the recent attempt had been made to shoot him, he gave orders for all his friends and the highstate officials to be admitted to his presence, and repeated to them the event which had just occurred in the following terms ; -"I was taking my usual walk this morning 9 o' clock, and feeling rather tired I was about to return to the Palace, when I saw coming towards me, along the deserted flags, a good looking young man of about 30 years of age. I looked at him mechanically as he approached, thinking the while if that man wished to kill me it would be very easy for him to do so. This stranger presentiment was all the more inex- plicable us there was nothing in the stranger's appearance to suggest his being a conspirator. He wore the dress of a clerk in the Finanoe department, and his demeanour was perfectly correct. As those thoughts were passing through my mind, I saw him put his hand into the pocket of his cloak, take from it a pistol, and aim at me. Instinctively I darted aside. The shot went off and missed me. Just as I was on the point of calling for help a second shot went off, and, thanks to the movement I made to right myself, it it likewise missed its aim. I then called out for help. Policemen appeared immediately. I walked straight towards the would-be assassin, who stood still a few paces off. His arm seemed suddenly paralysed. The men rushed at him. He then seemed to recover himself, and fired two more shots, one of which, unfortunately, wounded one of my preservers, whilst the other hit the wall near me. At last the wretch was secured and disarmed. There upon, to tell you tho truth, I felt rather faint, and I was brought back to the place. Let us praise God, my friends. It is he who spared my life." THE YEAR-1881.- The 'Record Union,' 7th March, says Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Insti- tute last night, upon the very interesting sub- ject of "The Planetary Conjunction of 1881" The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds of ill omen, who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugurated in 1881, and to continue till 1887 during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes swep round the world, and all waters become poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and ruin in all the earth. Lately in this State a so-called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from a con- junction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the fore- going recited, and a hundred other woes full upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward outlook is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to privotal events in nature, such us the completion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve great crises in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human super- stition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled " The Voice of the Stars," which fore- told a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1880 and 1887, includ- ing the annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague: terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substantially agreeing that-The world to an end shall come in 1881. He said that the pro- phecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the publisher of the "Ship ton Almanac" has openly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and nonsense ? The lecturer presented Professor Delarue's thoory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots ; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the position of the planets October 31, 1881 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a simi- lar aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be mani- fested. Nevertheless, the planets are enor- mously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly conceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coinci- dence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheric disturbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer--H. B. Norton.-Dear Sir- Your note of enquiry is received. I answer briefly as follows :- First-Your onclosed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second-It is true that the planets will be some- what nearer their peribolia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third-There is no good reason for expecting remarkable distur- bances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarue thought that he had discovered a rela- tion between them and sun spots, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose. Yours, very truly, Charles A. Young. Sum- ming up the evidences, Professor Norton said : " We are justified in concluding that science has thus far given us no definite reason for expecting the great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public excitement shall cause man to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for the " voice from the tombs,'" uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton. 