THE BOATMAN'S STORY. ? ? ' Frightened at that ? No, sir, not likely to be either. I never was really frightened . but once in my life I' 'Only frightened once in your life ? Come' then, captain, tell ub all about it ;. it must have been a rare fright to last you all vonr. life.' ? , . , ? ? ,-; ' Was it a ghost ?' added the brother of the last speaker. ? - . ; ' Wo; Master Alfred, it wasno ghost; J. don't believe in ghostesses, myself.' . ;:! ; ' Well, tell us all about it,' repeated William Sinclair. ?? ? ? ' ; ' But I thought :you young - gentlemen wanted me to take you out fishing replied the old boatman, : commonly called captain Abbott. : ? ' So we did ; - but' the sun is hot now,' and you said we ; should not catoh much as the wind waB east, so wa would much ratheir hear what frightened yon, and go' out' fishing another time.' -? ' ? ' Yes ; in the evening,' chimed in Alfred' Sinclair. ' When the sun has gone 'down; and the' wind may have changed from the east by then, yoa know, captain.' 'Very like it' may, sir; often does just' before sunset. Now, if you young gentle men like to do so, I'll row you across the harbour to Rapparoa Cove, and we can ait in the shade there, -and I'll mend my net- a bit, while' I- spin a yarn for you.' ' We'll row, and you steer,' exclaimed the two brothers/jumping into the boat, and taking the oars.- : 'What is it called Rap par ee Covb for?' 'Can't say, sir; unless it 'bo that 'smug- gling used . to be' carried on bore; its a convenient- place- to ran a boat ; in, you see. Some Spanish- ships were loit on' the rocks here years ago and many a gold doubt loon found ita way' into -llfracombe from them. Mind your oar, Mr. Alfred, here we are.'. .Now I'll make the boat fast and' bring' my nets — bb nice a place to spend an hour. or bo, , to my thinking, as need be. What do' you- say, sir ?' said Abbott, appealing to the elder brother. ' I think it's the jolliest place I ever 'saw, captain, With theso beautiful cliffs fat our' back, and all 'those rooks running, out into the sea. And now,' captain; for your story/' said William, throwing himself' on the dry,'1 warm sand near Abbott, and shading his eyes with his hat, while Alfred seated himself on' a large stone on the other side of the sailor, and comtnenoed shying pepples' into the water. ' ' I've been thinking, young gentlemen, I can't tell you what frightened me withont telling you a good-bit of my early life.' ' Air the better,' said the' two brothers. 'All the better: Now begin, aa the story books always do, with ' Once upon a time.'' Abbott took off his hat and wiped his face with his handkerohief several tirnes j he was a fine looking fellow, in his blue guernsey and bare throat, and darkjeurly hair well streaked with grey. -' ? 'I was born at Clovelly;yonder;''he began, ' and liyed there tbe first' twelve or fourteen years' of my life. , You can see the furtberest point there away to the left; the prettiest place in Eogland, : to my thinking. We moved 'from Clovelly to Ilfraoombe. My father was' a carpenter, and I worked with him when I wasn't going off to nes. When I was about eighteen, I., went to' Squire Bassatt as' carpenter,' but I still lived' at home,- and. walked backward-' and forward sight and morning, if I didn't'get by water; I wait the only ohild they ever had, and my poor mother made ii deal of me. She had never the best of health ; I remember her beiiig very hearty— but she was a good woman, 'arid a good mother to me. 1 ' I'm sorry for any lad who hasn't a good mother'.' No one oan'be what a motber is to a lad. The thought rif her keeps him from many a hurtful thing hs wouldn'6 like to' vex her, or he would be ashamed of her knowing, when he would riot so much mind hiB father. ' I owe a good deal to iriy mother, I'm certain sure of that: All the' eomfort able things a mother does to help to -keep a son's heart soft aud loviug to her— for we're all more or less selSah— you know. .Well,' my father died when I was just turned twenty, and before. I was twenty-one I had begun to keep oompany with a gill that had been a' time at Squire Bassett's, but after ward she came into the town here, as her aunt set up a lodging-house; and she was to help'her, ' '' ' ' ' Visitors hadjbeguri to {find out this place was pleasant to come to even then; they wonld oome from London, and the gentry from the country wonld dime for a few weeks to get some fresh' air and; sea bathing—: nothing like what it is ' nowadays, but still there was a few. I had kept company a good bit before. I liked to . tell my mother (a bad sign, young 'gentlemen :) but one day'some neighbour let out to her about triei and Stisan walking together; so in the evening, when I came' back from work and she was getting supper ready— she always waited for me, let me be'eyer so late-^she said, 'My bey, is' Sosan Turner anything to you?' - 1 laughed a: bit, and leant' back !in' thy chair 'and said, 'What,', little bird has '.told you that, eh',' iriother?''' | ['! * ! .' Well,' she got up arid came'bshind me, and took my face.in her tivo hands arid kissed me many .times. 'Jem,' she said.' ',', 'I'd like cwldttSany-' i — .vi«v.?W i I' v-l'liv t'Xilu' J'uiioi' one so well ob my own boy, exiept hia wife, if she waa a' good wifo to himj but, oh, Jam, mind what you're doing, nnd don't do what you may repent of, ones and for over.' ' ' I did not like to any much, and mother speaking in that kind way, and not flying out about Susan as many mothers would, when they didn't approve, kept me from being vexed with her. ''You'll not. leave me, Jem, if 'you do marry?' ahe aald, 'will youf My health's never good, you know, and I'd like thin to j be your home so long as I live.' Father had put a bit of money by, but it waa all hers, and I'd never thought of leaving her, so I said, ' No, mother, I'll not leave you. | I'll, always be your son, even if I have a wife.' ' ' You'll protnise me that ?' she said. '?Yes, mother, I promise/ I Bsid. 'I promise willingly,' Thank you, my boy,' she answered, and again she put her thin hands on my head, and kissed me. ' God bless you, Jem; and may He guide you in our choice, and keep you'in all your ways.' ' So she never said a word about me not havlog told her, and she never said she didn't, like Susan, you Bee, so I could not but feel a bit vexed with myself for never having taken counsel with mother, on let her know what I was thinking about. : ' Well, we went on, Susan nnd mo, keeping company some three years, and then I thought it was time we should think of marrying. My work was very regular, chiefly carpentering, and my wages good. I ' Well, I asked Susan about our settling, but she was quite Bet on having a house of her own, and that I could not promise,' ? Mother will be as Rood as your own mother could have been,' I said, 'and there's two sitting rooms — one will be yours, Susan, and all your1 ewn things in it..' No ; - she wasn't pleased, and I wasn't* and we walked- home rather put out with each other ; and as we came near the nursery gardens beyond the church, we met the new upholsterer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and he took off his hat in a free and easy way to Susan. I didn't like it; and when he had gone on, says I, ' You know that young man, Susan?' Know him 1 Of course I do. I should, think everyone kriows him by this time moat genteel he iB, and taken such a good Bhop in High-street — he comes from London.' ''The next' time I-met this Mr. Albert Strong was a Sunday afternoon, and to ' my surprise Susan was with him, and him -smoking all the time. She coloured up bit' and seemed vexed at meeting me, for she 'had1 sent me word she could not walk; as her aunt had lodgers- and wanted her in that day ; and it was not. a likely part of the place for me to be, too. However, she came' forward and said aunt had let her go at' lsBt; it was a shame, such a' lovely evening, to stay'iri the house, and Mr; Strong had escorted her' till she could meet me. ' J' Whatever made you think of looking' for i' me ori the Torr?' said I, - feeling' uncomfortable. . ? ; ''Do 'you think'you're bo small one can' t see you?' said she, laaughing; and I was nigh a foot higher than Mr. Strong, so if she had beeri.iookirig out for me no doubt, Bhe might have Been me from ' the hill;, and, perhaps, I ought not to have suspected any thing. We .walked on a bit together,' and then somehow I thought he-msde'a sign to Susan, and once more I felt uncomfortable, and longed to knock him down. I've often wished I had then; but he took hia leave immediately afteri and I began'to feel a little better. ' ' ' Very genteel he's dressed, isn't he ?' said Susan, as soon as he was out of hearing. ' ' Genteel, is it ? Oh 1 I didn't know,' I said. ' I thought his coat must have been cut out of a remnant ; he couldn't button it after a good dinner, I'll be bound.' ' Such a thing as it was ? Blue cloth and brass buttons and small tails behind. ' ' And hiB hair brushed so very genteel,' she continued ; 1 and smells bo sweet.' ' So we went ori, and ahe seethed as if she would orily talk that way. I could not get heir to be, grave, or think about the, house ; not that evtning or any' othpr time w'e were together'. So never let me begin about our settling or anything serious, if she could help it'; arid one day, about a month after the walk, I said I thought she had something ori hoc mind — was her aunt good to her? , ''Oh; yes/' Bhe said, ' everybody was better to her than she deservedi' ' ' Well, come home with me this evening,' I said, ' and have tea with us and Bee. what thee'lt say tothe house ; it's a long time, Susan, Bince thee've been -to see mother.' I I can't, I can't,' she said, ' don't ask me ; not to-nieht. James, not to-nioht.' With that she burst into tears, . and turn ing from me— we were just passing her aunt's at the time — she waved her hand/and ran in. ? l- ' That was our last walk together. ' Next morning I oould not go up very early, for I bad a particular job to finish, but just before dinner I ran off to -he* aunt's. 'Susan's riot in,' she Biid. 'Not in,' 1 re peated ; 'where 1b she gone ?' \- ''Oh, I suppose a bit of shopping or something,' she said; 'I can't rightly say.' So I went round home the other way, and passed Mr. Strong's smart shop ; tho blinds were all closed; but there was a notice that a new and startling investment was expected from London on the following Saturday, which . would be ready for inspection on Monday next. I went home and had my dinner, and back to my work till about five o'clock ;' arid about five mother came to me in the shop and put her hand on my arm, and 'said,' looking as kind and- pitiful ns ever woman did, ' Jem, Cear, have yon seen Susan, to-day ?' ' ''No, ' mother,' says I, turning sharp; ' what's the matter ?' ; i ' ' Why, her aunt's come to see after her ; she's not beeri in Bince morning, Jem, and— ' j ''And what, mother]' I said, feeling scared' like.' '? ' ''Her best clothes are gone, and Mrs. Hobbs has heard she was seen early to- day on the roadi to L9e.' '' What should take Susan to Lee ?' ' ''Well, James Abbott,' said* her aunt— who had followed my mother and was just outside the door, though I hadn't noticed her— 'I'm sure if it's all true, it' is quite as strange to me as to you ; I nevor was so took aback, aud I hope you'll throw no blame on me for it.' .''For what, Mrs. Hobbs?' I said; 'what's true ? What's'the matter ? Can't you tell a fellow at once, and 'not go playing with him; when you've got hitn on the hook sure enough?' ' , '' Well, indeed; Mrs. Abbott, I don't like telling things too suddlnt like,' she said; ' but if James would rather know, no one has a better right, of course, than hitn. Well, then, they say, that Albert Strong went to Lee this morning, too. HiB shop's empty, and the quarter's just up. They BUBpect that' they have been married at L:o. -Strong has bean sleeping there,' and walking backward arid forward for a fortnight, arid they say the banB must' have been cried there. ' She came into a bit of money about a month ago.' j ''Money ! and me' never to know 1' I said. ' ' Why, t'wa's only yesterday T asked her if she wanted any!' I'm off to Lee, mother. If he's not married her,' I'll follow them, break every bone 'in his body, and bring her' safe home to Mrs'. ' HobbB.' If they are married I'll come hoino to you, mother. I said I'd be your tori all my life.' . j .he. ii i t.-r: 1, - J Jiv'.v : i i-nii. v,' 'I was not. long getting to Lee, but the' clerk hnd gone out fishing, arid the parson had ridden over to Birnstaple, Si I climbed to the top of a hill and watched till the boata began returning. It had got so dark, I had to wait for the clerk to get a lantern before we went to the church. He brought out tho book, and there, sure enough, was the mnrringe: Albert Strong and' SuBan Turner. Mr. Wrey had married them, and gone to Barnstaple after, the clerk said. I never (poke n word, and went out of the church, and straight home. ' I went about my work a week or two, and then I felt I had no stomach for it. I must have a change of some sort, and I did not see how to get it, and leave the poor mother, either. I wbb turning it over in my mind when a groom from Squire Bissett's rode up, and said a young gentleman in his yacht was off Watermouth Bay, and wanted a handy man to do some little work on board at once ; bo he, being a friend of mine, called to give mo the job. Even this was different from what I had been at in llfracombe; so I took 1-p my wallet, nnd told mother not to wait dinner for ine; got a lift in a boat as the tide served, nnd was there in no time. 'The yacht was off Watermouth Island, (you must go and Bee that, and the eaves there, too, young gentlemen, 'some, day ; a benutiful, trip it is.) Well, I went onboard, and Mr. Hamilton himBelf was there, arid told me st once nil he wanted done. I did it to hiB satisfaction ; he was going up and down and coming back every now and then, and asking me a question or two. ''Do you know anything above working a ship ?' said he. ' I've never beeri on board one like this, sir,' I said, ' but, of course, I am as much nt home in our fishing smaoks and such like craft, as on land; living always ?by the sea.' And'you're a handy man, and can- give a hand to anything goirg on, I hear,' con tinued Mr. Hamilton. 'And a sober ono, too, which is b«Bt of all.' ? . ' ' Yes, sir, I hope so.' ''Arid your name's James Abbot, I think?' ? ''Yes, sir.' ' ' Well, Abbot, don't leave ; the yacht till I return. You see there's a cold pie and some bread . and cheese there ; eat your dinner, and/I'll come back.' ' In about an hour I heard him come back, and Squire BaBsett with him. I could hear them .talking all the way, arid somehow felt it was about me. So I got up and stood ready. My work -was all done and my wallet over my shoulder, and the two gentlemen came in, and the squire nodded, and said, ' Good-day, Abbott. My friend, Mr. Hamilton, wants a steady, useful 'fellow- to go with him in his yacht to the Mediter ranean ; he's taken rather a fanoy 'to 'you, and came to inquire of me. ' ' ' The fact is, Abbott,' said Mr. Hamilton, ' I've had so much trouble with my fellows getting drunk, I've had no' peace of my 'life; 'own I've, a new crew. I don't, want you to do much iri working the vessel ; but a handy man to wait on me, and' take charge of things, and to do any carpentering required, will suit me far better than the drunken , valet I had to send off before I had had him a month.' 'Here was just what -I- had been longing fori 'And how long should we be away, air ?' I asked.. : '.''Eighteen months or. two years ; not more, certainly,' said Mr. Hamilton. , ''I'd like it above all things, sir, and I think I could. give .you satisfaction. I've my old mother at homel and I .must speak to her.before I could give anything positive of an answer.' . ' Whore does she live ?' Baid Mr. Hairiil ton. ' Oh, I know,' said the squire ; ' at leaBt, my people do ; we can call this evening, as we pass through the town, arid'see what Mrs. Abbott thinks of it.' ' In the evening Mr. Hamilton came; he shook hands with mother, and very pleasant he was ; he talked a good bit, and he told her it waB extraordinary the diffloulty there was in getting sober men, and, with ' his email orew, it would be madness to start if he couldn't depend on them. 'They're far worse tbari animals,' says he. ' Positively, a monkey after being once made drunk will never touch it again, and just look at men !' ' Well, my dear mother never made any trouble about my going, never thought of herself in the matter.' ' Jim,' she said, ' I'm far better pleased in my heart, than that you should have stayed at home married to Susan ; she never was worth so much as your little finger.' ' Well, we started in the Isabella. ? We touched at TJshant, off the coast of France, and then acrosB tho Bay of Biscay to Ferrol, then Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibralter, arid up and down the Mediterranean, sometlmsa- staying weeks, at one place. ?. I ..enjoyed it. all uncommon ; saw Mount . Vesuvius smoking, and often . watched . it . at night ; it was splendid to see the fire rising out of the crater. However, at last .the time came for. us to return home. I had written regular to my motherland heard often from her. I wasn't sorry when, Mr. Hamilton told ns we were homeward bound. We had the worst storm all through the two years off Cape Finisterre, but our little craft weathered it, and we reached Southampton in safety two years. and one month since we left England. . 11 As soon as Mr.' Hamilton could spare me I was anxious to be off home, and I left very early one Thursday morning, to catch the six b'olock Government train to Exeter. I waB going along the empty streets at a Bharp pace, with a good big bundle on my stick over my shoulder, when, all of a sudden, in a narrow, dirty, street, a- ma?, half wild, rushed out of a mean-looking house, and said : - ' For heaven's sake, young man, come in here 1' . . ' Now, young gentlemen, when I began my tale, I was to tell you I had never been ' frightened: bnt once. Now's the time. ' ^ ' What. for?' said I, stopping short. ; ' ' He's hanged himself ! . I'm.afraid he's dead I For heaven's sake, come and help.' . 1 ' I went in after him up the narrow stair, put my bundle down, and .followed, him into an empty room. .The fire-plaoe. pro jected a good way, so'that there was like a small room on each side of it, whioh might be left to .different lodgers. Behind the door, on a large hook, a wretched man had indeed hanged himBelf, Can you cut him down ?' said my poor, ? shivering guide. 'I have not the strength inyself.'. ' ' Who are you ?' I asked. ' ' Only a fellow lodger,' nigh as bad, off as , them ; butlcame to bring the poor wife a sup of tea, arid found him here; then.I ' heard a step, I ran down and saw you coining I along.' . ' . ' All this was said in a hurried whisper as' I I got out my knife ; but' I could not reaoh him quite; the hook 'waa so high, and the '- bit of rope so short. ' Lsan on me,' said my guide ; ' I could bear your weight for ' a moment, and you could catch hold of the door.' ' I 'I got my knee on his. back, then one foot ori his shoulder to steady' myself, while, my left arm grasped hold of the door, and I began cutting at the rope. I had out half through, when' iny frail support tottered, arid at the same moment the door swayed under me; Dropping my knife, I clutched at something to recover myBelf ; it was the dead man, and down I'bdriie to the ground. ' ' 'Down I came; and straight atop of me' fell the corpse. - I had cut more than half through the rope, and the remaining thwarts i ??? S- '? - ../v, were not enough to support him when my euide let go, and I caught hold of , his coat. Young gentlemen, I was frightened then. ' Straight upon me fell the dead man. I saw his staring eyes, felt his cold face against .' mine. The horror of it went all through me shivering my inside, and I believe I halt fainted. When I recovered myself we lilted him and laid him' Btraight 'out behind the door, and I sat down on the stairs a bit' to get my heart again. ? ''There's no use telling tbe poor wife,' whispered little PegBon ; 'she can't live over the day ; better not tell her. Thero - : was a distress put in yesterday, arid all the poor things they had was took from them ; only her bed left, as she could not want it long; seen batter days; brought up quite genteel they was; I [had brought her a / cup of tea, but had no time to give it her -; when I found him there. Would you, in - charity, give it while I inform the police? I'm the oldest lodger, and it will be expected of me.' .. .. ' 'I was too late for tho six o'clock train, so I agreed to stay where I was. . He was just going down the stairB, when he turned' back suddenly. 'Sir, do y ori 'know, what ' ' brought him. to that,' pointing to' the wretohed body, 'and brought them to their miserable state? I can tell you. . It ' was ^ nothing but drinfc. He drank everything ; * ?' wife and child must starve, bo he could get ; a drop of the devil's bottle.' ' Then he hurriedly left, and .taking up : the tea I went toward the bed. .i . ' There waB a little ohild fast asleep, the Jl 1 mother's face waB hidden, and her' arms ? stretched over the child. At first I thought she was dead, but when I gently moved one .- arm, I heard the quick, short breath. I pat ; a spoonful of tea in her mouth, and heard it swallowed; I gave a few more! then she turned ovdr, and. I saw her. face. Young : : gentlemen, it was poor Susan, it was, indeed:! .; . 'Her. eyes were closed, but she took the tea eagerly.; it refreshed her; She felt for her child, and her thin fingers, moved in .his .. curly hair, while , big tears : fell down her cheeks. ? - j . . '.Pegson came back, stepping gently across to me. ? ? ... ? ? Has ahe taken all ?' hesaid oh, L'm -- glad. . And the boy asleap ? . Very good.'; . ' ' Here,' I said, taking some money from . my pocket, 'Pegson, go and get some food, ... some milk, a loaf- of bread, a little brandy.' ' 'No, no,' he aaid, 'she won't touoh.that ; .- never would, poor *ouL .She aaid sho knew . what brandy had brought him to, Bnd.shex. ; would never wet her lips with . it,, were she dying ever so.' . ... ...„ ' ' Then what you think beat; something for the child, 'arid some, meat for yourself,' I , answered. Weill young _ genUemen, ..she , recognised me before she died, end told, me a , bit of her history. : 'It was drink,', she said, 'that ruined hiqi. We moved about from ? one town to another,' she Baid, ' and ,we, got j j poorer and poorer, and the poorer ws, got the .. mora he drank. Oh, James, how. badly. I, : - behaved to you, and you so. kind! If any. ; girl was ever sorely punished for her flirting, j foollBh, deceitful ways, it's me. And what 1 .;r could have seen in. him, I'm. buto I've often wondered 1: ? - . . ; ' Sie could hardly draw her breath, . and ? I was afraid of her speaking too inuch. ' Oh, ; but I've so little time,' she said, so little ,i ,tlme;.and l wantjto tell you all before ho j comes, in again.', . : i ' She did not know, and she could not see : the ghastly- ;thing lying in that ugly oornera aa I did. I had never recognised him.; I . . doubt if even his own mother, would have . known him now. ' ' Oh, JameB,' she continued, .'I'm ; ashamed to ask you,;but what can I .do? I:_r can't die in peace and think of his father .J having him 1' and with her thin, trembling hundB she pushed her boy's curly head towards me. I- promised I .worild take hiiri and rear him as if he had been iriy own, and .. Bhe oried arid blessed mel She only said a , few words after I had promised. I took him to church. 'Harry, Harry,' she repeated, to. show that that waa his nams. I knelt down and. said,. '.Our Father.' ' God bless you,' Bhe Baid, and never spoke again. Iri. an hour or bo it was all over. 'I got, Pegson: to arrange about her funeral, and she was buried the same even ing; hlm and me foUowed her to the grave, ., with the baby in my arms. Then I made, poor Pegson a present,, and leaving that wretched house, went to the Railway Inn, near the station, where I was to start froin '. next morning.. Mother didn't know when I ; was coming, so- that . she had not been frightened at. me not arriving; I had only .- written I would get away as soon, as. Mi. ;; Hamilton oould spare me. 'I had a good bit to, go by coaoh at the -end but we reaohed llfracombe at last, and. . catching hold of a boy, I bade him run to Mrs. Abbott, and tell her a sailor man told. , him to say;James Abbott would be at, home . that evening ; so I found mother all ready on the look out -for me.. She lookfd surprised:; at the child at first. . 'It's poor Susan's; . mother,' I Baid; so she gave him a drink of , milk, and then took him off with Boriie hot water, and brognht. hitn down again, looking, . ouite different. 'Mrs. Hobbs had died while I was away, and the few friends we had mother told them ; about Harry. .But. he grew .up . to , call her ,i Granny and me father always, and he always, said his name was Harry Abbott, and I never:. aaid nothing against it. He was the very . 'image of his poor ^ mo.thor, her pretty, light. ourly hair and all; didn't. feature or favoui his father, even in, a look,- and that was a ? comf or t. As be grew bigger. no thing would . please hin^but the sea ; and so, when he waa , about fifteen, and I had (a letter from Mr; . Hamilton. to gay he . had' come .into a. large property and had married, and; was going to take . Lady - ? Hamilton (he was i Sir ^ John : Hamilton now) a trip, in one of the best yachts ever built, and. if I. had a mind he'd , be glad of me to go. with them. ' I spoke to - mothcr. and we agreed -to aboept, and - 1 offered Harry to go along .with me. ' So we two j oined the Emerald at Devon* port.- I thought if Harry liked it as he expected, he should enlist on board a man of-war afterward. We were only to be a - year away. Ten months had passed, and we had left .Maderiat homeward bound; there had been a bit of a squall and a heavy sea running all day, and I had „|aken a - turn of the watoh, as I often: did to save Harry ; he was growing fast, and'I liked him to get the - morning watoh as much as possible, not to break his rest. So Lhad just turned in at .: eight bells, ' (that'a four o'clock), and was ' dosing off,, when. I was sure I heard a cry. of ? Father, father I' ' 'Before I could .leap out of my berth, oame that dreadful sound, | Man overboard !' ' I was up in no time; arid tore along the deck. The yacht had hove^to, so I seised the rope thoy were just going to throw to him, and plunged in. - The sun was rising, and it was quit*, light, but a heavy sea on still. 1 1 saw his curly head above, the water as I leaped overboard, and swam'-:* for dear life toward him, but the sea was rough, and' they thought on board he had straok against ' something in falling. 'I never; saw' my Harry — never saw his curly head no more. They hauled me back ?? on board, more dead than alive; and when I came to myself again, -we' were plunging ? - along with a stiff breeze, ton knots an hour. I know we had left Harry miles behind; all alone in his watery grave.' ' Oh; captain,' said the two Slnclairs, 'I ' am so sorry 1'— The Argosy^ 