THE COLONIAL SECRETARY ÀNL) .,' . :, CHRISTS COLLEGE. ¡, .^¡¡j,/ Tho Colonial Secretary has the singular 'misfor«' tuno to bo a much misimdprstqod and sadly under-i estimated public benefactor. Ho is, with tljo special modesty of great and good men, ever reminding us of his philanthropy and patriotism} not that such a character is, to use his own expression when on this subject iu the Assembly on Thursday afternoon, ro garaed by bun as " worth a fig, not a brass farth- ing.'' But it is too bad, evon'when suffering mar!-! tyrdom becauso of ' his uuágotistical and noble oonduct, ho is still misrepresented. ¡/ liven; the Bishop, in a lotter published in The Mercury, on Saturday morning, not only forgets the Scholarship he has been going to found, but has not founded, in connection with Christ's College, but by implication insinuates that tho largo and liberal sentiments of1 the Colonial Secretary of Tasmania aro not the senti- ments of Mr. Thomas Reibey when a clergyman of tile Churcbof England; and aincniber of that Church, who does nqt sympathise with Mr. Roiboy in being' liberal to1 tho o'xtout qf ignoring facts, repudiating obligations, and misapplying fqnds, sends us .the following extracts by way qf contrast : Extract from Colonial Secretary's Spcpc/i, May, 13, 1879.-"If he remained in office or,,the Hpjiso, he should give his earnest support,to, any ,mcasuro which would make Christs Oollego what ita founders intended it te be-what he himself, whan be offered to found a scholarship, intended it to he-not an institution attached to the Church of England, but a public Behool for the benefit of the youth of Tasmania. Tho lion, gentle- man alsp quoted Bishop Nixon and the Rev. J. P. Gell, as agreeing with his views. Did they? Lot tho following speak :-Extraots fron»'prospectus, of Christ's College, published in 184G. "The system now practised in the great colleges of the Church of England will bo sedulously adhered to throughout, as far as it may he found applicable to our own wants and circmnstanoos," Jihtofl Ni.r,on'i Charqc, April, 184C. "A respectful observance will be required from, all of tho rules of tho Society during the timo thoy belong to it, tho rules boing adapted to the principles of the Church of England in all matters of religious disciplino, and to the prácticos of tho blamed foundations of England in the remaining details of education."-Abstract of Statutes ami Regulations. The pamphlet from whioh the above extracts are made, is signed by John Philip Gell, Warden, lu the same prospectus mention is made of a " Scholar- ship endowed by tho Rev. Thomas . Reibey, of Entally, to the annual value of £25," and this is frequently referred to, with other so-called "endow- ments," iu the annual statements published by the Hobart Town Courier ana. tiiophurcliChronicle, with- out any disclaimer from Mr. Reibey. In a state- ment of Mr. Roiboy'siu 1874, ho says that he declined to oonvcy the land on account qf the. condupt, pf, the Warden and authorities towards t'lfi hohlen of, (113 scholarship, who was deprived of it for stabbing ¡\, fellow student during divine service in tho chapel, and that ho (Mr. Reibey), withdrew it ou° account of the unsatisfactory financial condition > of " tho College. He appears to have strongly protested against theCollegc beinginadoa "CathcdralSchool," a sentiment which will meet with generalooncurrence; but it is not until after ho ceases to hold a liconse 88 a clergyman of tho Church of England that he discovers that it was never designed to bo au institution attached to that church. THE MAIL AT ALBANY.-Wc should liavo stated on Friday, in complaining of the indefinito nature of tho information to bo obtained as to the arrival of the Assam With tho Euglish Mail at Albany, that the tolegram was posted outsido the Telegraph Office just as received, Not tho less was there neglect, and that it was with the sonder of the telegram should bo a reason with Govorninent not.tp be so emergency i cost. THESOUTIIERN TASMANIA VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY. ' -On Saturday afternoon several detachments of tho Southern Tasmania Volunteer Artillory were exercised at blank firing from the smooth boro competitions which are to como off on Monday next in celebration of the Queen's Birthday. Although owing to a mistake, no general notilica fioation had been given to tho corps of the drill, about forty men and non-commissioned officers mustered. Captain Ejvans was in command, and Captain Boddam and Crowther and Lieutenants Roblm and Stone ajso attended, Mister Qmiuor Chisholm was iu charge of the powder magazine A target had been moored in the river 1430 yards distant to sight the guns upon, and a trial shot having been fired by Sergeant Major Hcnn, tho range was found to bo as nearly accurate as possible, Ten rounds of blank ammunition were thon fired, the guns being trained on to the target very oarofully at each shot. Tho detachments worked very smartly and as showing the goueral cllicioncy guns iu tho Queen's Battery preparatory to tho prize of tho forco, it may bo stated that two of thom wero entirely chosen from 'the band. The battery was kopt strictly closed to civilians, many of .whom, attracted by tho firing, woro chagrined at being refused admission, but to save any unpleasantness it should be borne in mind that all inside the battery must bo under, control. Practico at tho guns, as heretofore, will tako placo each morning befqro breakfast, this wce^.tho target being allowod to remain in its place for the purpose' On Monday prizes to tho' yalq.0 of '£<SQ, subscribed hy the officers of the corps, 'in addition ' to sovor.il cups givou by friends, will bo competed for, com- mencing at 8 a.m. Luncheon will DO provided by tho officers of the force. Tho Artillerymen will march out of the Battery to take part with the ltiilo Rogimont iu the march past, which s to form a feature of the Voluuteer display. 'The oompetition for tho oup presented by His Excellency Governor Weld as a pnzo to be shot for by the Hobart 'JÇowu and Launceston Artillery, has been postponed for three mouths, It is intended to fire for the, cup with rifled guns ata rango of 2000 yards. Detachments of non-commissioned officers, chosen from tho re- spectivo corps of the North and South, willroprc sont thom in this competition, the prospect of which is stimulating tho local mon to closoattcntion to dutyi It would look moro soldierly, however, if all the artillerymen appeared in uniform while working the gunB. The Governor's Cup) it may be stated, will bo on view at the shop of Mr. A. P. Miller, ohemjst, to-day. Tho trophy is valued at £20, and was imported from England,' together with ouo whioh our worthy Goveruor, with equal generosity, has presented to the rjUo regimont for competition. Crrv POLICE COURT.-Tho Police Magistrate and Air. Geo. Crisp, J.P., attended at this Court and disposed of tho charge shoot on Saturday. Thomas Matthews pleaded guilty to acharcoproforrodagainst him by Detectivo Connor, qf stealing a pair of boots bolonging to Mr. Young, n lodger at Curio'sHotel. The prisonor was' pniployod at Currjo's Hotel as boots and left his ooeupution. ft was thou discovered that tho hoots in question had beon stojon, and it afterwards transpired that thoy had boon pawned by Matthews nt Mr. Sargeants shop. The pi isoner having hoon previously convioted was sen- tenced to six months' imprisonment. Sarah Spears, a woman who was suffering from excessive indulgence in drink, nnd had attempted twloo tho previous ovoning to jump into the Derwent, was brought up by Constablo Ballanio and ordorod to lind two su_re ties of £10 esoh for hor good behaviour for thonoxt six months. Tho sureties wera .not .forthcoming, ' consequently the woman will spend tho period tiatned in confinement, and no doubt the result ,will bo,that '?knit* ^m **" * '**^ ®fl*^W»tf> I»»««//«1«1 ¡I "f^Vf .hu ml no i FOOTBALL NOTES-The opening match of the season was played on Saturday afternoon at New Town between the local club and a team from (¡ho High School, resulting in a draw, ono goal being kicked by each side. Marsh's ground was tho sceno of tho encounter, and though small in size proved thoroughly suitable, a matter for congratulation to the New Town men who possess thereby an advan- tage over the City Clubs. Tho weather was quite fino onough for football, and the game was a thoroughly enjoyable one. Tho High School team quito held their own principally through the thorough esprit da corps that pervaded their play, tho passing tho ball being very effective. The Now ,Tpwn did not play so well togcthor and cou 'sequently lost ground by it. The New Town 'goal was kicked by W. Pierce, and tho High School by E. Burgess. G. McKay and L. McLeod «Were the captains ; F. Lovett, and J. Paul, fiold Umpires ; T. Molloy and O. G. Douglas, Goal ¡Umpires. Those who most distinguished themselvos on tho Now Town side were E. and B. Wright, Mackay, Crisp, and Taylor, and for the School, the brothers McLeod, Moore, Hughes, Lewis, and Swan. ,It is suggested that the High School team should adopt a dress and wear it regularly, for the benefit of the on-Iookers, who otherwise aro robbed of their interest in tho game as they oannot tell which side tho players are attached. Tho Railway Club mot in tho Domain and had a scratch match between teams picked by Cundy and Cheverton. Great improve- ment is noticeable in the play of this club. Three goals wore kicked by each team, Flurey placing three to his credit and Fairbairn two. The othor nama wo could not ascertain. The City and Mercury Clubs 'also practised, but the Cricketers Club did not put in an appearance, On Saturday noxt the High School meet the locomotives ami the New Town play the City Club. CITY COUNCIL.-The following is the business for. consideration this afternoon!-Reports from tho various committees as follows, viz. : Public Works On'application of Messrs. Dobson and Mitchell, drainage, Secheron ; do,, on petition for re- pairs to DeWitt and Colville-strcots ; do., on peti- tion to Dcnison-street. Health-On offer of Messrs. Dobson and Mitchell on behalf of Mr. Batt to dis- pose of a site for public baths, at ¿000." Water- works- On ola}m by Mr. R, P. Adams, on behalf qf Mr. J. P. Regan's estate for compensation for alleged t'rospass, eta. Town Hall-On application of Messrs. W. and J. Hanson for the exclusivo privilege of supplyng a piano for the uso of tho Town Hall ; consideration of tender for 20 covered forms ; do. of applications for the office of Foreman of Works. THEATRICAL NOTES.-Ada Ward nets £630 as her share (says the Melbourno Herald) for the six weeks that she has performed in South Australia. 3,1)0 and hor husband go home by the Ohimbqrazq. They 'mean to'live privately at Reading, or in London, Mr. Fisher following his own occupation as an artist, and Ada giving up tho stage. Before she left England on tho last ¿ocasión she met with an 1 injury to tho left knee, and had to undergo surgical treatment. Tile limb is weak and painful, and a long period of rest is absolutely necessary, and she may not agaiu resume professional duties.-Mr. W. J. Holloway, tho actor and stago manager for Mr. AUjson at tl)Q I^qyql, tejok a. Step wqiçl) will rçiyq tho legal fratejmity something tq' do,, as ho caused Mr. Fisher, the husband of Ada Ward, to bo arrested on warraut for a debt alleged to bo duo for author's fees. Mr. Fisher gave his cheque for the amount, about £50, under protest, and as ho was in, the hands of the sheriff's officer for several hours ho means to got damages out of Mr. Holloway, if ho, can, fqr alleged, false hnprk)qnmeut, as. 1)0 says thp amount is not legally due. The funny part of the affair i ia that Allison baoks up Fisher, and says Holloway has been 'too fast,' and it will servo him right if lie is let in for a good round sum. As Mr. Fisher and his wife have taken thoir passage in tho Chimbprazo, the affair' may bo settled out of Court,' but'Fisher says he will remain and fight the caso out." ''' Doo POISONING.- A,', largo number of valuable dogs'-havo .recently been.poisoned iu the City, and two. more were yosterday added to the black list valuable greyhounds, belonging to Mr. Wállmqtt, qf Murray-street. It is a pity i,hdt the perpetrators of those oowardly outrages aamiot be exposed and punished for their dastardly praotioos. ' ACCIDENT THROUGH INTEMPERANCE. - A man named Henry Bryant, 45 years of age, cook and steward of the barque Empreza, was taken to the Hospital late on Saturday evening, suffering from tho effects of injuries received from a fall in. tho street, whilst in'a'state of drunkenness. Ho was unconscious when ho was received into the Institu- tion, and, was found to be suffering from a soyero incised wound qn the scalp, qf the hoad. He remains in tho Hospital for treatinout. SUDDEN DEATH'.-A report was received at tho Police station yesterday, that a man known as John the woodman, was lying dead upon the floor of the house he occupied in fjaokvlllo-streot, Tho body was removo'd by the policio to the Hospital; and it is probable that au onquiry will bo held in due course, into the circumstances attending tho sudden decease. ROBERT MILNE.-In reference to a paragraph which has lately been going the rounds of the papers respecting the death of a seamen named Robert Milne, on board the barque Pelham, the Examiner states that it has been favoured with an extract from a letter, received by the brother of the deceased from the owners of the vessel, which reads as follows :-" It is perhaps some consolation to know that your poor brother was highly esteemed by the captain and all on board the Pelham, his remains were kept until the next day, and then consigned to the deep, with befitting solemnity. He was sensible enough after the accident occurred to be able to tell the captain to write and inform his relatives of his coming death." Our contem- porary mentions that the deceased was a nephew of the Launceston Bench clerk, Mr. C. Spotswood. PROFESSOR PEPPER.-The following from the Home News is confirmatory of a paragraph that appeared in our columns some weeks since : " Professor Pepper has accepted an engagement in the Australian colonies, for the purpose of showing the inhabitants of the antipodes a new mystical illusion that he has just perfected, and which he says will rival in popularity his famous 'Ghost.' At the request of the directors of the Royal Poly- technic, Professor Pepper has promised before leav- ing England to devote one week, to showing his invention at the Polytechnic Institution." AJÍ members of tl|0 Riflo Regiment aro tq parado this evening, with cap pouches, which will bo returned into store, and tho new pouches issued. Tl;e perfqrmonoo of tljo qporotta " Zillah," is, on accouut of the weather, pqstpenod until Wednesday. A miscellaneous concert in commemoration qf the first anniversary of the Artillery Rand is to take place on Monday, 2(Jtk inst. The concert; will bo under the oonductorshlp of Herr Sqhott, and Signora Fabris , has promised to take part, 