ITEMS OP NEWS. The polling for one member for Footscray, vacant by the death of Mr M. L. King, took place yesterday. Tho both candidates were sup porters of tlio Berry Government, so very little excitement was" manifesE throughout' the polling. Mr Clark is the successful candidate, having 5(34 votes to :Mr NTewell's 424, giving the former a majority " The line to Port Darwin was interrupted last night owing to heavy thunderstorms. To-day the committee of the Oastloniaine Hospital willjneet to open tho tenders for Hos- plt"al"mipplies. — The ho'ur'of "meeting is 2 p.m. At the meeting of the Mining Board yester day, Mr' "-Cameron was re-elected chairman for the ensuing 'year.' . ; Mr Benjamin! Butterworth, who will be re membered by many of the inhabitants of Castle maine, died at Smeaton House, Chiswick, Lon don, on 6th January, at the age of 40 years. The collector of the Benevolent Asylum ac knowledges receipt of LL from Mr James Golds- ; mith, which was. given to lum for asking. Mr Chapman to produce' certain receipts. ! -'":- A Chinaman lrnmed Wong Hing was brought to...tho Hospital yesterday from' Vaughan. " He was in a moribund state when ho appeared at the .Hospital, and shortly aftor being admitted expired. An inquest will be held to-day. Mr John Cogley, of Stratliloddon, who some eighteen months since received an injury to an eyo, has succumbed after much Buffering; the best medical assistance being unable to avert the "result of the accident. - ; "Land in the vicinity of Joyce's Creek appears to maintain its original price. Mr W. Adams reports having sold on Monday last a farm at £6 15s per acre, and it is believed the purchaser would have gone to a much higher figure rather than have lost it. . A rather serious accident happened to a lad named Moore yestorday. When on his way from Walmer with a load of wood, the cart-wheel came into collision with a stump, throwing him off the load, when ho received some severe bruises. Under treatment ho is progressing favourably. Owing to the severe illness of Mr Carter, he was unable to be present at tho meeting of the Mining Board yesterday. , A motion was carried that the clerk enter his name in the atteudauco book. Mr Carter has been ailing for soino time past, and his medical advisor is 'of opinion there is no signs of improvement in the state of his health. The weather yestorday was not of ,an agree able kind. It wa3 close and sultry, but the lownoss of the dark clouds raised hopes of rain. In the afternoon a slight shower fell, but not sufficient to lay the dust. At midnight a gentle sprinkling increased in refreshing the parched earth to a steady downpour, with every signs of a continuance. From the fact that heavy rains have fallen in Sydney, Adelaide, along the coast and in the interior, there is reason to hope that tho drought is at an end. An accident happened at the Newstead rail way station on Monday evening last to a lad named John Dawson, which nearly cost him his life. It appears that when the half-past eight luggage train was coming up to the station, Dawson attempted to cross over to tho other side, when the buffer of the engine hit him and knocked him betwoen tho train and platform. It was thought, that ho was crushed to pieces, but ho escaped with a few bruises on the head and a severe fright. He is sinco able to go about. A very narrow escape from a cruel death liap- poued to a little boy of Mr W. Greonwell, hawker, of tho Five-mile Flat, Yapeen, on Mon day morning. Tho little man, nearly four yeqrs of age, was sont to a neighbour's for milk, when he was attacked by a ram — a most dangerous beast, kept in defiance of both law and safety by its owner. Happily his cries brought assistance, and tho ram was beaten off, just in time to save tho boy's life. Dr. Gow was sent for, and he, after an examination, said 110 bones wero broken, and tho lad would recover. Mr D'Arcy Read's assistants were busy all day yesterday receiving and unpacking large boxes containing the fittings up for those ghosts who are to make their appearance in the Orderly- room to- morrow night. The weight of the luggage is about 6 tons, and a stage of 20 feet deep is to bo used in the representation. It re quired a room with such a means of ontrance at tho rear as tho Ordorly-room to admit of tho ponderous and unwieldly material that is re quired. The erection of the stage, proscenium and massivo paraphernalia is being rapidly pro ceeded with, and tho interior of tho building converted into a handsomo little theatre. The ' .seating accommodation will bo commenced to- j day, and this, wo aro given to understand, will be very complete and comfortable. An old couple living at Penny woiglit, near Guildford, lost through drought their fruit crop, upon the amount realised from tho sale of which they have hitherto been ablo to subsist in th'oir own quiot way. Both of them are over 70 years of ago, and the husband, Mr Carter, besides tho cnfoebloment of age is paralysed. Tho good neighbours round about, seeing tho sad con dition of the worthy old pair, resolved to obtain- assistance for them, and a committee was formed with that object. In a short time they collected in Guildford and tho vicinity £16 16s Cd, which they have handed over to the old man, who wept tears of joy over this good fall of fortune, his wifo, who said she had not socn so much moiioy before, blossod the committee and her sympa thising friends for tho good offices they had ren dered. Tho vacancy occasioned by the retirement of Mr Watenvorth for the east riding- of the shiro of Newstead lias called out two candidates,- wlio go to the poll on Saturday to decide who shall havo the seat. Mr Oodfreo, one of tlio candi dates, meets the electors at the Fivo- inilo Hotel to-night for tho purpose of explaining his views on shire business. The other candidate, Mr Hutchison, lias a good many friends, but lib lias not yet called a mooting of the ratepayers to make known his views and learn theirs. ! A detachment of the nativo police from ! Northern Queensland atrivod at Sydney on ! Monday by tho steamer Alexandra. Thoy will proceed without delaj' to tho scone of tho future | operations, the locality where tho Kelly gang aro supposed to bo. Thoy are fully equipped ; and well mounted, and if once put upon tlio track of tho outlaws they will follow it up with out reference to the territory they are on. The men aro a lino body of fellows, and Sub-inspoc- tor O'Connor, it seems is a very experienced officer. _ Ho is a distant relative of His Excel lency Sir Hercules Robinson, and is a retired lieutenant, and receives carte blanche frsm the Government, His movements will be undefined by orders from the Government or any Govern ment department. Horses lioccBsary for the party will be supplied at the cost of either Government. When starting in pursuit the na tives strip to the waist, and they usually subsist with the wild tribes with whom they come in contact. Lieut. O'Connor, however, denies them the perquisite of eating tho bodies of tlio van quished bushrangers, although most of the na tives of Northern Queensland, to which these men belong, are cannibals to the oxtent of eating enemies slain in battle. Lieutenant O'Connor says that if the Kellys are in the locality, he will give a good account of them within a month. Nearly all his men are splendid shots. Mr Alexander Reid Miller, tho late Mayor of South Barwon, died in the Geelong hospital yesterday. He broke his leg recently, and never rallied. He was greatly respected. A letter from Herbert Downs, Queensland, im ports the death of Duncan M'Kay while search ing for water. He is supposed to havo been killed by tho blacks. Tho body of a man has beon found floating in the surf at Bondi, Now South Wales. There was a bullet wound in tho temple, and a revolver in the right hand. Tho Mount Arthur gold-fields, Tasmania, are attracting considerable attention. The miners are making £3 to £10 per week. All alluvial. No reefs have been discovered yet. The dig gings are about 28 miles from Launceston. ' From returns recently prepared from official papers, it appears that since the discovery of gold in tho Fingal district, Tasmania, about 67,000 ounces have been raised and sold from the several goldfields in that colony, the value of which is said to have boon upwards of a quar ter of a million of money. The produce of 1878 has been upwards of 20,000 ounces. With reference to the progress of mining oper-i ations at Pan ton's Hill about 26 miles north-east! of Melbourne, the following report from the! manager of Oram's mine is interesting : — Wei crushed this week a small lot of 4i tons from the: stopes above the main level, 200" feet in No. 3i claim; yield,. 22 oz3. 37dwts. of melted gold,i and a large quantity of stone of similar, some of it superior, character in sight. The crushing from No. 1 claim on the same line, taken from about 220 feot in depth, where the reef is much- thicker, averaged about 21 ozs. per ton — a most, satisfactory proof of the'coiitinuaiice of gold in depth, .as this is the lowest point from which stone has been raised in this claim. It may be within the recollection of our readers that about twelve months sinco some little stir was created hero by tho announcement that a Mr O'Keefe, a painter residing in'1 AViL liainstown, was, through tho death of' a felativo in India, entitled to a sum of L50,000'.'-' The relative in question, a Mr William O'Keefti, it was asserted, died at Allahabad, in India, and left behind him property nmou nting to about £5,000,000. As a matter of course, other claimants sprang up at tlio prospoct of a share in such a rich prize, and Mr Thomas W. Lloyd, of Collins-street east, received instructions t<j> further their interests therein. By the Torres Straits mail that gciitloinan has received advices from his Calcutta agents that tho gi;eat O'Keefe legacy is only a myth. 1 A very sad and sudclen death took place at Ballarat on Sunday morning. Mr Johnston, head, teacher of the Li ttlo Bendigo state school, who was to be one 'of the Ballarat Twenty- two to try conclusions with the English Eleven, came into town on Saturday, and his wifo, a young woman, in, apparently, tho full bloom of health, having expressed a desire to accompany him, she did so. Both seemed in the enjoyment of great health and spirits up to tho time of the even in1" meal, whon Mrs Johnson, having drunk a cup of tea, was shortly after soized. with, such severe spasms that medical attendance had to bo pro cured, but it was all in vain, as the patient, after suffering great agony for about seven hours, oxpircd at half-past one o'clock. Perpetual convulsions aro said to have been the cause of death. . The perpotrators of tho Kelly capture hoax at Sandhurst on Saturday are likoly ' to hear more about it, as it appears to havo originated in a telegraphic operator at the railway station tolling a constable that ho heard a message going through that the Kelly3 wore captured. Tho constables instantly rushed off and informed- a boy connected with one of tho morning papers of tho news. Tho boy, without consulting any one, posts a notice to the effect outside the office door, causing the most intense oxciterho'nt, and no little outlay in telegrams sent in to- soo if tlio news was true, and it was only, at a late hour that telegrams wero received stating tho affair was a hoax. It .is said that an official inquiry will bo mado, and the result iriiiy be such as will deter practical jokers from any such efforts in future. An extremely respectable looking young maii, named Edward Pass, was tried at tho Melbourne General Sessions on Monday for .embezzlement. Tlio facts elicited at tho trial shewed, that in No vember, 1877, the prisoner enterod tho sorvico of Mr Jno. Adamson, grocer of Carlton, as tin assistant. Mr Adamson soon afterwards opened a branch business at Fitzroy, of which Pass be came manager, his duty inchiding.tho collection of orders and accounts. In January Mr Adam son, finding tho rccoipts of the now business had not come up to expectations, asked to soo tho books, and then ascertained from Pass that thoy had not been posted sinco November. Ho learned, howover, that there was a deficiency in the cash of over £70. Pass offered to buy tho business, saying he could pay £100 down, but was told to post tho books. Instead of doin« so lie went to Albury, from whence ho wrote" admitting a deficiency of L'200, but promising to make it. good. Mr Adamson then inter viewed somo of his customers, and found that accounts had been paid by them to Pass, of which no mention was made in the books. Judge Cope remarked that tho charge was a weak one, amounting to little more than that the books had not beon postod. He, howover, sont the case to the jury, who acquitted the defendant. Advices received at Brisbane, from Wills | Greek state that Mr B. Malvo, with tlnoo whito , men, who wont with Bockett's cattle to ioiihemiwi Crook, havo been found murdcred'by the blacks, ; owing to tho treachery of tlioir own black ' boy, who instructed the murderers to rush bo- twecn the whites and the camp whilst tho men were bathing. ! A telegram has boon received from tho Gov ernment Resident at tho Northern Territory stating that the stoamor Charlton arrived on Sunday, with 500 Chinese, and that the Bris- | bane is expected in a foiv days with a similar number. These arrivals at thi3 time aro unfor- I tunate, as tho wot season is too far advanced for them to obtain gold to keep them over to the i dry season, and great destitution is feared. I Tho new Land Act came into operation on the 1st of January last and the Minister of Lands has just received returns showing how far its opera tions wore taken advantage of in that month. ! The novel feature of tho act is tho lion-residence : clause, and it has been found that this provision . is not being availed of so largely as was expected. , During January, only 400U acres were selected j under this section — principally in tho Melbourne district," whereas 75,000 acres were taken up under tlio residence sections of tho act. Tho Minister has decided, with regard to the latter, toa'.lowrosideiiieono mile distant from a la'ection to count as fulfilling tho residence condition of the act. Under the previous land act residence within five miles was pennittod to reckon as a compliance with the act, but owing to tlio non- residence provisions of the new act Mr Long- more considers it unnecessary to allow so much . latitude under it. An inquest was held on Monday afternoon, at tlio Charlie Napier Hotel, Inglewood, on the body of a man named John M' Arthur, who fell oil' the pole of a bullock waggon on which he was riding on the 1st instant, and tho wheel passing over his head he was killed on the spot. From the ovidenco taken it appeared that the deceased and John Mosfiold, his male, were em ployed by Mr Thomas Holly to cart from Ingle wood to beyond Hope Creek, and that on Satur day afternoon last, about four o'clock, deceased, who was driving the last team, went up to his mate and said, " Johnny, I think I will have a ride," to which Moslield replied, "All right." Ho saw the deceased spring on to the pole of his waggon, and shortly afterwards, on looking back, Moslield saw that deceased had fallen off, and that the hind wheel was just in the act of passing over him. He stopped tho bullocks, and found deceased was. dead, his head and face being most frightfully mangled, and scarcely recognisable. Deceased was a native of Tasmania, 33 years of age, and a married mail. Dr Hearn stated that he made an external examination of deceased's body, and found an immense compound fracture of the skull, oxposing the interior of the cra nium ; the brain was mucli lacerated, and the lower jaw fractured. Tho cause of death was the- injuries described. Tho jury returned a verdict of accidentally killed. by the wheel of a loaded bullock dray passing over his head and face. 