THEATRE ROYAL. "LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE." The principal place of amusement in Ade-<*> laide having been closed for a few weeks, the patrons of the Theatre Royal mustered in full force when it was reopened on Saturday, Feb- ruary 15, by the English Comic Opera Com pany, who met with a very encouraging recep tion. The house was crowded in every part, and tbe applause was frequent and unstinted. Most of the members of the company bave previously peiformed here, but the princi pals, Miss Clara Thompson and Mr. Bracy, made their first appearance on | the boards of the Royat on Saturday, I and created a very favorable impression. Mr. | Bracy is the possessor of a very pleasing but j light tenor voice, and Miss Thompson is a soprano of fair compass and a clever actress, with face and figure that will make her a I favorite with any audience. Tbey are both j artists of repute, who have held leading posi tions on the lyric boards of the sister colonies ! for several years past. For au opening night . the performance ou the whole was very suc cessful. The opera was well dressed, and j placed on the stase in very creditable style. The orchestra has been strengthened j for the musical season, aud with the chorus is | under the able direction of Mr. Van Ghele, \ Mr. .1. Hall officiating as leader. " Les Cloches de Corneville" (the Bells of Corneville), is a work that was composed by Robert Planquette, i Messrs. H. B. Farnie and R. Reece furnishing ; the English version. The plot we gave in a ! previous issue. We find the dialogue to be ] witty and amusing, and the music of a light aud , attractive character. The composer has uot ; created anything remarkably striking in the ; shape of solos, bat he bas succeeded very i well with the choruses. Of course it is i possible here and there to detect a resemblance ! to airland selections from other operas, such as \ Henri's song in tbe second act, ** Nay, uo pban- \ torn they," which is very like the page's song in i "i ;irctle-Girotla," but the music on the whole I i* origin and pica>iug, and should secure for the i woik a full meeil of public favor. Tne first j act opens with a chorus of servants who wish to I be hired at the fair, and Serpolette (Mies j Thompson), who is a bit of a virago, begins j to gosfip away the reputations of Suzanne ' Mi.-s CiiiWs), Jeanne Hiss Leopold), aud otl.er women uttil in a vigorous chorus «l.e is as.—tied as a scandalmonger. In tl-v pretty rondeau. ''I may be a Priucoss," she sketches her history, and imagines that although picked up .is a foundling she must be a person of importance. Greuichesix (iSr. Bracy) enters, and sings tbe barcarolle "On ! billow rocking." which teems to indicate that ! he wus one- ••- suitor boy. and was thus enabled ] to be instmuienta! in sat ing the life of Gcr- j maiue (Mu*s La iubert). This number was well i Ming and loudjy applauded, and was followed i by a duet between Germaine and Grenicheux, j " Tnas but an impulse." and then Germaiue j gate with charm ing effect the "Legend of tbe j bells'" with a striking " ding-dong" chorus aud j aceouopaui— out, that evoked loud expressions of j approval from the audience. Mr. John ForJe, J a lair actor with light baritone voice, ap- j jesrtd as Utnri (Marquis de Corneville), j an<! *ang the valsc rondo, "With joy my i bairt has often bounded," and after another j song from Grenicheux, ** That night I'll ne'er : forget." the act concluded with a lively finale I and picturesque tableau brought about by the [ hiring of the heroines as servants, aad the in- ; digi—tioU of the miser, old Gaspard. In tbe , second act tbe interior of the haunted castle i* ' shown, and some amusing by-play occurs with tbe Bailie (Mr. Leopold), Germaiue, Serpolette, ; and Grenicheux, who try to look brave, but are terribly afraid of the ghostly ■ visitants of the old armory. Henri is beard t to advantage in tbe song. "Nay, no phantom - tliey," and a very fine chorus occurs, ** Silent heroes,'' which was very effectively rendered. - A duo follows between Henri and Germ—ne, ] in which he discovers that she has made a vow to marry the man who saved her life, believing ' that man to be Grenicheux; but Henri alone is ■ aware tliat it was be himself who saved her, a : secret which he keetJs for the present. Greni- : cheux is compelled to stand behind a suit of ! armor aad wait the coming of the ghost, while j the others retire to aa adjoining chamber. He | is at first terribly frightened, then amaxed i to see Old Gaspard, tbe steward (Mr. Temple- ] ton), enter and array himself in a sheet toper- ! senate the ghost, then having lighted the apart- j uicnt, take some money bags from a recess in ' the wall and busily gloat over his treasures. { He is surprised in this occupation by the entry ; of tbe Marquis and bis servants, aad a striking j finish to the act is formed by the old man going ! mad over bis money bags, whilst the chorus threaten to hunt bini down till the ban is re moved by the intercession of Germainc. As at ; the conclusion ot the first act aU the principals were called and the curtain bad to be raised : again. In the concluding act old Gaspard, who is demented, sings the soug of tbe beggars, and ; Serpolette struts about in finery under the ; supposition t liat she is a countess, until the old j _i.-.er produces tbe missing leaf from the ' ngisrry, which proves the identity of Gcr- I manic, who is the real heiress, and of course j marries the Marquis. Mr. Templetou as Gas- : paid was well cast, aud did full justice to the i part. Mr. Leopold was very amusing as the I itaiilie, and Mr. Johnson as Cobo was a droll \ and dry supporter, the pair causing an immense i iiu-ount of Jaiighter ia tome of the scenes. The j uiiiiiir rarts were creditably filled. Iu the , tl irU ::et Sif;uor:s Pa*— aud Miss Florence < Slater danced a /wi >le deux with graceful ' u.ovi-mcnt aud artistic skill,aud wereC)_p<nled i to respond to a recall. The same piece will be rci—tcd this evening. 