VICTORIA THEATRE. That most extraordinaiy and exciting piece "The Lottie Imp" was right well put on the boards of the Victoria Theatre last Saturday night by the dramatic company. It is founded on a weird German legend in which one Nicola, Faust- like, sells his soul for the >Icssings save peace of mind, the condition attached to tlie purchase of the bottle being that if the purchaser does net succeed in selling tlie hotLlc to atiothei hciorc his deatli perdition will ensue. The conditions attached to Niuola induce another to purchase it. Albert, the buyer, then enters on a career of gaiety, but becomes oppressed by the fatal penalties, and instructs his servant, Willihald, to sell to tlie first person who will buy. Willihald thinks the bottle a desirable properly, and accordingly becomes its owner. He, like all the former owners, experiences the influences of the Lottie Imp, and dis poses of it again to Shad rack, who in turn sells it back again to its former owner, Albert, who buys the -stoek-iu-trado of the . pedlar (Shadrack), which in cludes the fated bottle. Albert enlists in the army, and is sentenced lo death for gambling, but is saved by Alarcella, who purchases tlie bottle. Nicola is sentenced to execution for sorcery, and buys the bottle once again to save his life ; hut the condition of the sale having been attained — namely, that when the bottle lias been sold for the lowest coin, the owner becomes (.Improperly of the Lottie Imp — lie is conveyed to lower regions by the demon of the drama. Seme very extraordinary illusions were introduced by Professor Pepper. Mr. Rain ford personated the Lottie Imp most effectively — being apparently en closed in a glass bottle and his stature reduced to about IS inches. The characters were well sustained, Air. St. Lawrence as Albert, Mr. Jerdun as Nicola, Mr. PooJe as Willihald. ALr. Whyto as Waldeek, and Alias Annie Mayor Mnrcelia, especially doing their best to render their parts in a satisfactory way. The performance wound up with the amusing sketch entitled "The Red Lion Inn, or the Missing Ghosts," which was thoroughly appreciated. The same pieces will be performed this evuuing. 