WEDDED TO ~ {From "The Black Forests Its People and its Legends," by L.G.S6guin.J Last of the mighty race of Windeck, famed for brave men and lovely women, was Adelheid, heiress of the castle and broad lands that had been owned by her ancestors, and, so far as beauty went, she was worthy of her lineage, but of a proud and haughty temper. So proud was she, - that among all, the nobles of Brisgau she oould fiad none whom she thought worthy to caU her lord; and year after year passed on, findirig^her still onwedded, and every year some unfortunate lover or other turned from the castle-gates with looks of Bcorn and words of ridicuie. Among those whom ehe had, after her fashion, first attached to her by every art, and afterwards repelled with bitter derision, was a young man of noble family, but slender fortune, who had long been in her service as page or squire, as the fashion of those days demanded. After years of patient waiting and hope, the youth ventured to declare himself, and was received by the lady with a storm of sarcasms that literally overwhelmed him. Stung to the heart by her hard speeches, and by the sense of his own folly and presumption, which suddenly pound in upon mm likea flood, he left his mistress's presence only to write a word of farewell to his mother, whose only son he was, and whom he tenderly loved; then threw himself into the Bhine. A few days afterwards a woman maddened with rage and sorrow, a widow whose only son had died a suicide's death, sought the Lady Adelheid in her castle on the hill, accused fa or of being the murderess of her boy, and heaped upon her head the bitterest curses that her outraged mother-heart could devise, or her woman's tongue utter. " Unloved you shall Eve," die cried," and unregrettsd die. Even in the grave you shall find no peace ; even there my revenge shall follow •you, and send you forth to wander a restless, miserable ghost—restless for ever!" "Ah!" cried the Lady Adelheid, with white face and scared eyes, all her haughtiness flown, " do not utter such terrible words—have you no mercy ?" The wretched mother smiled grimily. " Yes, I will have mercy," she said. " Thus shall your spirit wander through these very halls until you -find a lover aB true, as honest, as pure^haarted as my poor lost son, willing to woo the phantom for his" bride. Then, only, you shall rest in peace." Under this curse, says the legend, the Lady of Windeck lived and died. She was the last of ' her race, and, not many years after her death, the castle, uninhabited and deserted, fell into ruins. Its new owners had, indeed, made many attempts to inhabit it, but had been absolutely driven out of the place by the unearthly sounds which disturbed the stillness of night, and which scarcely allowed a living soul in the building so much as to close an eye from midnight to cockcrow. Doors would open and shut mysteriously, footsteps resound through the silent corridors, \- lights, illumined by no visible hand, suddenly burn in the windows, while over, every mirror in the house, the shadowy form .of 8 woman, clothed in white, with loog black hair hanging below her shoulders, would be seen —would pass —disappearing in one place only to appear the : next moment in another. The rumour of this ghostly visitant had the usual effeet, and the mansion fell into decay. It happened, however, that one day a young hunter of noble family, a stranger-guest in one of tbe neighbouring castles, was led, in the excitement of the chase, up to the very gate of the deserted mansion. The deer which he wag pursuing rushed by him into the very rains, as though jit were taking sanctuary. The young man, by name Kurt von Stein,. had heard some curious' legends as connected with a ruined castle (on the height, atid possibly, half from curiosity and half because Le was hot and tired with a day of specially poor sport, he dismounted and led his horse,tiredlika himself, through the brambles and bushes that had overgrown the rained gateway, into the grass-grown courtyard. " A surious place, to be sure I" said the young man, seating himself for a moment's rest on a fallen mass df brickwork overlaid with soft moss, and letting' his horse meantime graze at his will from the rank .growth of the courtyard. " A very curious place i .Looks as if no one had been here for a hundred years. I wonder whether this can be the haxuited castle my uncle was speaking about only the othernight. Ifao," he added, "I wish to goodness the spirit lady would have the hospitality to welcome me to her domains, and offer me a drink of something this hot day." And as he took off his hunting cap to air his heated brow, his thoughts reverted lovingly to a certain glass tankard in his uncle's house, which, when filled with yellow Strasburg beer, was'about as pleasant a sight.to Krut von Stein as the world could well offer. After a while the Idea occurred to the young man that as chance had brought him to the castle, he might as well pay his respects to the owner of it—whether she were a phantom or not. ' A tarret-stair, broken and worn, was close at hand to the spot which he had chosen for a resting place. Twilightwas beginning to fall as hs reached the castle; now, suddenly, darkness seemed to have come, and as he mouuted the winding turret-stairs, he noticed that lights were already showing through many of the'windows of what appeared to be a less ruinouB part of the buildiog than that by which he had entered. " That is all right," said Krut to himself. " I was wise to try my fortune here. A supper or even a bed, would not come imiss to me, fori scarcely know how I shall find my way back to my uncle's house to-night. But, at any rate, I shall get so trie directions, and, perhaps, if tbe people are not over-hospitable, a guide home." So saying, he made his way op the staircase, and knocked at a door which was at the top of it. The door opened noiselessly, as chough by an unseen hand, and admitted bim into a long corridor, lighted and adorned with white marble statuns. From this he passed into a suite of rooms hung with tapestry, «nd strewn with freshly laid rushes, with a few carved settles and chests for furniture. Still he met no on& Next he came into a great hall, on tbe wails of which bung a number of antique , portraits, while in the centre of the apartment was stable spread as if for supper. This is very curious," said Krut to himself, " where can the family be gone to P However, one comfort is, they've got something toeit. I think JP11 wait; here" and give them the chance of inviting me." So saying, he sat quietly down at one end of the table, which was laid for two persona. Scarcely had he done so whto tbe door of tbe room opened noiselessly, and a lady, young and beautiful," but with a somewhat sad and pale face, entered the room. Kurt rose, and at once began to make apologies for his unwarrantable intrusion. The lady waved a white hand towards him, and bade him be seated. " Say no more," she said, in a sweet, sad voice, " I expected you.' There was evidently some mistake here thought Krut, but * as the mistake seemed to mean a good supper, he was not unwilling to fall into it. Heat once took a seat at the table, and the lady took hers opposite him. She was certainly very beautiful, he thought, as he looked again at her over the brimming wine cup. The wine, too, was excellent; so was the whole repast—at which the lady waited upon him with her own fair hands—the only peculiarity about it being that neither bread nor salt was to be found on the table, and Krut von Stein was too much of a gentleman to notioe the omission, though he certainly enjoyed his supper the less by reason of tbeir absence. At length the young man ventured to ask one or two questions of his kindly hostess. " May I enquire," be said, "are you, fair ladv, the daughter of this house ?" "Yes," was the answer given, as it seemed, sadly and low. " And your parents ?" " They are there," said the lady, pointing to the pictures on the walls. "Do you mean to say that you live in this bocse alone ? " asked Von Stein. " Alone," returned the lacy. " I am the last of my race." Here is the story of the yOUng huntsman's M arriage to a G hostly Bride. Who shall say how it came about ? The lady was beautiful, the man was young. In such cases love is sometimes found to be a plant that does not take long in the growing. Moreover, Von Stein, though noble, was poor, and the lady the last of her race, tho heiress of an ancient lineage. Possibly the notion of the inheritauoc the lonely girl might bring with her had some part in the sudden passion which filled the young man's heart. Who can tell ? It was not long before he found himself kneeling at her feet and offering the beautiful maiden all that he had to offer—his devotiona and his life. Tbe lady listened silently, and with bowed head, to his ardent pleading. Then she said, looking up, but away from him, and speaking absently—" I have heard those words before." « But never from lips so true, so honest, so disinterested," said the young man warmly forgetting in his fascinatiqn for the beautiful lady how he had certainly taken her.inheritance into account in the first place. The lady sigbpd and was silent. Then she spoke—'"If I yield to your wishes, we must be married at once. "At once!" cried Voa Stein, perhaps a little Startled. Yet what lover ever found the time between betrothal and marriage too short! —"I am ready." be said gallantly." and impatient.' The lady smiled, moved softly away to aa old worm-f aUn chest which was set against the wall took from it two rings and a white v^il and crown of myrtle, which she laid upon her dark flowing hair. Her dress was white. "Come," she said to her lover, and led the way. A little bewildered, after the fashion of briderooms in general, and scarcely knowing whether to be happy or alarmed, the jowg unn foUov liia bride though, as it seemed to him, mrfei of dimly-ligfitea vaulted passages, where the damp was trickling down the .wall*, and where unthought of steps, up and down, were ready at every moment to.trip up the unwary passsr. The lady, however, wswned to be well aoquainted with every turn and twist of the place, and giving her hand to her lover, she led him on, step Instep, until at length they reached a vaulted chamber, which they bad no sooner entered than a great iron door shut heavily behind them, - with a sound that echoed through every arch of the dimly-lighted building. It was the chapel. , "Your hand is cold, my love," sUd theyouug~ man tenderly to his bride. " No matter, yours has warmth and life enough, for both," returned the lady. Yet the life seemed actually to ebb from the young man's heart as he observed the stone figure of a bishop, which was sculptured on a navestone in the centre of the chapel, gradually rise from its recumbent position and walk op the steps of the altar. The eyes of tho bishop flamed Eke glo w worms,. the candles upon the altar lighted themselves, and the tones of an organ rolled solemnly through the vaulted building. " Curt von Stein, wilt thou take the Zady of Windeck for thy lawful wife?" said the bishop, in low sepulchral tones, which sounded as though not he, but some muffled voice a dozen yards away, were speaking. At this moment the whole horror ofthe scene seemed to break upon the young man.' Around him, slowly rising bom their graves, he saw the shrouded forms and fleshless faces of tbe dead, who came as witnesses to the ghostly marriage. Even the face of his bride, as his fascinated eyes fixed upon itv wore tbe livid hue of death. He turned in an agony to fly from the horrible scene, tried to snatch his hand from the cold, hard grip of the phantom- lady—fell, as he believed, senseless upon the chapel floor, and awoke to find himself, at dawn of day, lying at his full lengthen the moss-grown stone where he had sat to rest the night before, at the castledoor, and his horse intent upon an «arly meal, on the rank herbage of the grass-grown court. When he told his tale in the village, and at the neighbouring castles, no one in the least doubted that he had almost, if not quite, laid the unquiet spirit of the Lady of the Lauf. 