A CELEBRATION ODE. 11 Y J. SU Kill dan MOOltE. 1. Kino Kaoxos, since Ills reign begun, . Through nil tho cycles of his sway. Throughout tho history of limit, The rise of umpires nml decoy. The dim revenhncnts of the phut fly Wisdom's uuercatoil rny ill! 'r UUtCIUHUU, t.UIWU JWti aUtUI A rarer imjouu tlum thU to-iluy, Australia' festival lo-Uny. H. Iu the pride of Ids prime from tho ridges up- hillcd, In 1ml Hint in KurofK.', it n-iw his to sou Tho Bcothing of all tin: blent passion that thriliud The forefather rudu of the nation to bo ; Ken Urn of Assyria, tho beauty of Greece, Thu gleam of tho glory that haloed old Homo, Gory symbols of havoc, labarttni of |ieace, All tho standards of pride henontb lien von' blue dome ; Yea, tho mnokc-wreaths of war, rout by red tonj-nct of flanic, Aud redder meanders, or dark pools, of blood ; Bee the manifold clTnrU of tyrant to tame The races ami tribes that their lamMint withstood. # Even then there were glints, mid the crime and turmoil, Of a future of Brotherhood, Justice, and Bight ; It softened the sorrows of Kerfs at their toil, Hosts mi iris by day and a Iodi-oUr by night. liut uie -Moiiarcn, tuug linio, coiuu nnt, gnnicr iimcii £riuu In tho swirl of thu storm-Moods raging around, While Oppression rodo riot in hniiilct, ou plain, And with diadem brazen In cities was crowned. But the silver-winged Hours were sure iu their Might To anuounco to the peoples tho dawn of a day Which would eml (mid for over) tho horrible night That ou human endeavour disastrously lay. iii. Upon a throne of wondrous nuuv Lit wondruiialy, Whore ghost-birds weirdly shrieking, pass Bright breadths of -sea; Ujh>» nil iceberg, moving slow Flushed waters oVc, Amid the Ncrth's auroral glow Bound for no shore, 1 King Krouos sat: saw men engage (lie grimly smiled) Ami buttle with the strength aiul rage Of ocean wild ; Saw Man triumphant everywhere ills course he took, J.ed on by pluck and genius rare, (Jolnmbns— Cook ! Tho noon of better days Had come, And what remained 'i To give King Time, sublimely dumb, Tho wreath he gained. IV. Behold ! a vestal from the South, Of aspect mild aud fragrant mouth, A qucentv maid, in bloom of youth, With heart of love and tongue of truth. Sent forth a messago to the world That, with unsullied Mag unfurled, She'd lay the treasures of her clime An ofi'ering at tho feet of Time. No pirate swarms— no robber hosts — \- Had over «\vopt her sen. girt coasts ; No civil throes of lire aud sword- No whisperings of a traitor's word — No auurch frenzy, foul und foil (.Strong as whirlwinds, fierce its hell), Had ever marred the stainless scroll On which her deeds did Time euroH. She—only .lA'-vo'er earth's domain Could give a wreath without a stain. So bring from forest, plain, and imue, The gold, the grain, tho Mecca, the wiue, And welcome all who list to sec A grand industrial jubilee. V. Ves, thunder your welcomes utul Mash out your Mags, Reflect in your faces tho joy that ye feel ; For bosu would tho num ho that falters or lags In declaring ids trans|Ktrts, in proviug his teal. Tld is no glamour of faction or fashion, Hut Hie brilliant outshining of light from within, The glow ami thu gleam of Man's truest jnumIou, /'hi- i iivutnfxx ihrwjh tpvtihirs. 0|>e tho gates and begin 1 VI. Oh, great thu guerdon we shall gain For noble effort timely made; A subtler force our lowers strain, And lend our aspirations aid ; A keener scnto of faith ami hope Must euergise thu nation's soul , A drejKT voice shall In our car With richer undulations swell. And hid us crown each priceless year By doing all our duties well ; A stronger lovoour hearts shall ticrvo To grasp our foreign brother's hand, And never from our purpose awervu To welcome true men to our land. And when life's work is fairly dune (Tho plight of old to man was given) True pence and rest will welHiu won, And bootcnmUn the Jleuveu. To-day a qneeu of days, wlwte'er Iodide ; For mini Is free, and God is glorified ! Sydney, 10th September. 