THE KEY. CHARLES CLARK'S LECTURES. CHARLES DICKENS. A large, delighted, appreciative, and somewhat demonstrative audience assembled in the Town Hall en Thursday week to hear the Rev. Charles Clark's lecture on " Charles Dickens." It has been said of a popular London preacher that *' his control over his hearers has all the force of an enchantment, during which they are entirely unconscious of the flight of time." Something of this mysterious power is possessed by the gifted lecturer who night after night continues to attract within his magic circle the crowds which gather together in the Town Hall to hear Lim. His elocution has about it a kind of fascination which irresistibly rivets the attention of his audience, so that at the close of his lecture they see® surprised that during its delivery two mortal hours have passed away. The rev. gentleman has given the same lecture several times before in Adelaide, yet on Thursday night it seemed to possess all the charms of novelty and to touch the sympathies of the audience with the freshness and reality of an extem poraneous address inspired by the promptings of genius itself. The lecturer paid a very high tribute to the illustrious novelist, and nobly defended his writings against the charge brought against them by narrow-minded bigotry as calculated to bring religion iato contempt. He gave illustrative evidences of Dickens's intense pathos as displayed in his touching description of the death of Little Nell, and then, having played npon the sympathies ef his audience, the lecturer with consummate skill " turned their tears to rapture" by relating how, for instance, Sairey Gamp and Betsy Frig managed to display their friendship by the ex hibition of the choicest flowers of vituperation. And thus by the astonishing powers of mimicry of which the rev. lecturer is possessed, inter spersed with judicious comments, racy anec dotes, and impassioned flights of eloquence, he succeeded in swaying the feeliDgs of his audience hither and thither and concentrating their thoughts upon his theme from the beginning of the lecture to the end. OLIVER GOLDSMITH. The Rev. Charles Clark delivered his hcture on "Oliver Goldsmith" before a large assemblage in the Town Hall on Friday evening. The lecturer began by giving a description of Goldsmith's father, quoting largely from Goldsmith's own portrayals of the village preacher "passing rich on forty pounds a year," whose only fault was his unbounded generosity and good - nature traits which were fully inherited by tbe son. He then dwelt shortly upon Noll's early schooldays with Paddy Burke, an old quartermaster, who professed only to teach reading, writing, and arithmetic, bnt who had an inexhaustible fund of stories about ghosts, fairies, and banshees, lazy good-natured Oliver being only too delighted to lounge the hours by listening to these tales. In June, 1745, Goldsmith was admitted into Trinity College, Dublin, as a sizar, a not at all enviable position, having to perform many menial duties, but a position which had been filled by many distinguished men before hitn. Goldsmith lived a very wretched life at College, being ever in want and ever subjected to the brutal treat ment of his tutor, which culminated in his knocking Oliver down for giving a ball in his room to some ladies and gentlemen of rather questionable character. He then left the College and resolved to go to America, but after spending several days in the fields he returned home to his mother. A reconciliation was ef fected by his elder brother with the College authorities and Goldsmith returned once more to Trinity, where he secured. a B A. degree. His friends how thought ofa profession for, him,and the Church was triedj bat Goldsmith shocked the Bishop by going before him in a pair of scarlet breeches. The law was, then tried, £50. being advanced by a kinsman, bat Oliver gambled that away the first night he spent in Dublin. He then returned to .his friends, who sent him. to Edinburgh to stndy, medicine, from whence after a stay of eighteen months he went to Ley don. Here he was pot to severe straits, and not re ceiving a remittance from a relative set oat oa foot to make a tour through Europe, his only means of subsistence being by flute-playing, which playing the lecturer likened to that of Dick Swiveller, so humorously described by Dickens. From Switzerland Goldsmith sent the first part of " The Traveller" to his brother. He afterwards went to Padua, where he took his degree, and then hearing of the death of his nncle he made his way to Dover. He then went through more vicissitudes, his indomitable knack of hoping carrying him through all diffi culties, and at length he took to writing in a sort of haphazard way for. magazines. By this means he gained a livelihood for some time until his genius brought him under the notice of the most eminent literary men of the time. He became acquainted with Johnson, and formed a friendship with him that lasted through life. About this time he pnblished that ex quisite poem " The Traveller," which at once raised him to the rank of the English classic writers, and shortly afterwards sold his beauti ful work, " The "Vicar of Wakefield," to pay a debt. Mr. Clark then proceeded to recite the description of the family of the vicar as given by Dr. Primrose himself, bringing out vividly all the quaint humour that is to he found in that most charming opening chapter. The lecturer gave an account of Goldsmith's London life, of his gay apparel, and of his frolics with Sir Joshua Reynolds, then passing on to de scribe in touching language the death of the gifted man. In a most brilliant peroration the lecturer referred to Goldsmith's many virtues, his boundless good-nature and hopefulness, and his wonderful genius, pointing out that while his hearers might imitate Goldsmith's many excellences yet they should avoid living a life devoid of any fixed purpose. THE TOWER, OF LONDON. There was a large attendance at the Town Hall on Saturday evening, when the Rev. Charles Clark delivered one of his earliest and most pop alar lectures," The Tower of London." The graphic manner in which the reverend lecturer described various incidents associated with the historical structure could not fail to prove entertaining and possibly to many highly instructive. In no other of 'his lectures does Mr. Clark display to 'such advantage his great tack for judiciously in terweaving the pathetic and mirthful elements, but the lecture is so well known and thoroaghly appreciated that it is absolutely needless to make any further comments on it. This even ing the admirable lecture on Thackeray is to be delivered, this being the last but two. THACKERAY. Another large and select audience assembled at the Town Hall on Monday evening to hear the Rev. Charles Clark lecture on Thackeray. As i Mr. Clark himself said, Thackeray sppeals to a much smaller public than Dickens and his works are not so well known, therefore the good attendance for a holiday, the hearty applause, and the still more eloquent silence which prevailed 011 Monday evening are high tributes 10 the excellence of the lecture, which has 11 ? viously been given in Adelaide. The snbjeot ahords Mr. Clark scope for the display of his wonderful power of interweaving into one complete oration descriptions of the author and of his style, together with some of the most characteristic passages from his works. lu giving these extracts the lecturer showed his grand elocutionary power, and some of his recitals were real histrionic triumphs. They will live long in the memory of those who heaid them for the first time this week, as they had already lingered in-the recollection of those who had the pleasure of hearing them two or three, years ago. Snch thrilling portrayals as those of the awful interview between Becky Rawden, her husband, and LordSteyne; snch awful ones as the madness and death of George III. | such grand ones as the deathbed scene of Colonel Newcome; and snch intensely satirical descriptions as that of Mrs. Major Ponto's party,and of the hollow deeds of other snobs, will be recalled with pleasure in hundreds of homes years hence, when the gifted lecturer shall have taken up his abode in the old country where the scenes described were either enacted or conceived. Thackeray, accord ing to Mr. Clark, was not a cynic, and he hated to be called one. The innermost fibre of his heart was allured to melancholy; he was a sentimentalist in the good old sense. In his writings there was a vigorous scorn of all shams and of wrong-doing, and all his characters were real—the mirror being held up to nature in a way unknown to the sensational novel readers, whose chief zest seems to lie in the im probabilities of the plot or the unreality of the sitnations. In referring to Thackeray's death, in December, 1863, the lecturer mentioned that the last words the great author corrected—words which were in a manuscript found in his pocket after his peaceful death—were " and my heart throbbed with the exquisite bliss." TJpon these words Mr. Clark based bis peroration, which closed with an appeal to bis hearers by simple, honest, loving manliness to prepare for the exquisite bliss and the rest that shall be eternal. 