The Melbourne Hunt Club Steeplechase Meeting, , The annual meeting of the Melbonre Hunt Club took place on Saturday last on the Flemington racecourse, and despite the threatening aspect of the weather, and the numerous counter attractions, the atten dance of spectators was very satisfactory. Unfortunately, rain set in before the first race was decoded, and as it came down at in tervals throughout the afternoon, notwith standing the excellent sport, the enjoyment of those present was completely spoiled, The management, as usual, was very good, and no accidents or unpleasantness ef any kind occurred, so that had it not been for the unpropifciouB .state of ; the elements, the meetingwould Undoubtedly have been the most suocessful fever held under the kuspioes of the Melbourne Hunt Club. Theoatering was, as usual, iu the hands bf Mr. Gamier, and it is hardly necessary to say that he ga ve the utmost satisfaction to his numerous patrons. The racing commenced with the Hurdle Race, and of the twenty- two horses coloured on the card, no less than a baker's, dozen came to the post, which proved that the ban- dicapper had succeeded in the somewhat dhjfi cult task of pleasing the bulk of the owners# Jsrattl was ' made an immense favourite, but The Monk, Albatross, and Palmerston had a good many!) supporters, so that a con siderable amount of wagering took place upon the result. Rowe, evidently deter mined not to give -his opponents the ghost of a chanee, took Baratti to the front soon after the fall of the flag, and made Btrong running all the way, followed, for the best part of the journey, by Peter Simple, Lady Coventry, and then Myrniong. Half a mile from home the latter fell, and as Lady Coventry died away before they reached the turn for home, the race was then confined to Baratti, Monk, and Palmerston, Baratti led until after the last hurdle was passed, when The Monk gave her the go-by, and beat her cleverly at the end, but her position at the finish showed that Rowe was not far oat in his opinion of her capabilities. The race was run to salt the Monk to a nicety, but Palmerston, who jumped very badly, much disappointed his friends, albeit bis stable companion, Lady Coventry, ran very forward for a mile and three-quarters. AlbatfOSS was never dangerous, and Doctor fell when going well, about three 'quarters of a mile from home. Alaricand Jokes were the favourites for the Corinthian Fiat Raoe, bat old Blazes, who was not backed for a shil ling, won in a canter, much to the disoom fiture of the backers of the favourite. There were no less than nineteen starters for. the Handioap Flat Raoe, and as Revenue was said to have done a wonderful trial at Caulfield, he was made an immense favourite at 3 to 1, Tocal, whose priee at first was 10 to 1, coming next at 6 to 1, whilst Hersohel and Sea King were supported at 8 to 1 each. Revenue got well away, but was blocked against the rails, and would not try a yard, and Sea King going to the front soon after they started, quickly had a long lead. Tocal, however, was quietly biding his time, and St. Albans bringing him up at the proper moment, he cleverly defeated Sea King for first place by something like a head. Bar One, who ran a really good raee, being a capital third. Had Tocal been supported with spirit by the stable,, he would have started an immense favourite, but the ab sence of the trainer, Mr. Wilson, caused many people to fight shy of him, albeit ho was backed for as much money as any other horse in the race. Opinions were pretty equally divided about the Steeplechase, Goulburn, Red Iron, and Gladiator having been eaoh supported, but Red Iron fell aw the first fence, opposite the stand, after they had gone once round. The race was vir tually a match between Goulburn and Gladiator, but the latter, after leading alter nately with Goulburn nearly all the way, dropped off after the last fence was nego tiated, and Gonlbnm beat Scotchman hi a canter. The last race was the Birthday Stakes, for which nineteen horses came to the post, and it was wCn very comfortably by the first favourite, Sea King, after Kp'' logue had led for half the journey. The day was a very disastrous one for the book- makers, as all the winners, with the excep- turn of Blazes, were backed for a large amount, and none of them escaped tag the winners in all the numerous double i venls. The following are the results : — Hubble Race, of 50 sovs. About two miles Mr Bailey's b g Monk, b? Tom King — The Nun 6 yrs, lOdt Sib M « » J. Joties 1 Mr K Rowo'a brm BratU, 6yr8, 9it lib . E. Bowe Mr E. Weekes1 b h Raimdrstoa, 4 yrs, lOst 31b -j \- _ _ _ — T. Corrigan S Mr P. GlenlBter's g g Forester, aged. Wet 51b \- « H. Cblfmy 9 Mr X. Fonlsham's rc g Veno, aged, lOst Slb Mr k. Looghlin's bg Kingof Tramps date 0 late ounii, 6 yrs, 10at Sib ... — „ ri n Mr J. Crlppe'e b g Myrniong, 5 yn, 10st,O. Crip Mr E. Weekes b m Kate Coventry. 5 o Mr" 3. Chiteey brg Peter Simple Oe O MrSfjnSaw b g Dootor, aged. o MrP, T. Heywood'Tb g OaU». 6 « MrQ. PariaWyyagogk fi%lff>3Stlb1r 1 Belting: 2 and Albttnm, 6ftol «gatP«l-" \- jptitou, mediately iteokuptiie ru?uri|iKauaquiokly mitt £«te Covtry, and Doctor heading the others. There was ne material Alteration «a tbey oame up : uu jhgh and as they passed the etaadBaratfci had a lead of three ; lengths, Peter Simple end Lady Coventry ; aide Ay side oomlnguext, whilst Doctor, i Veno, Myrolong, Ling Long, end Outlaw were the meet conspicuous of the others. Roondingthe tornpaat the saddling paddock, . Peter Simple and Lady Coventry closed on k the leader, and Myrniong and Doctor im proved their positions, Dang Lang, Albatross, Monk, and Outlaw coming next, but at the riverside Baratti drew away again, and Peter Simple fell back beaten. Along the back stretch Baratti had a lead of five lengths of the field, which was headed by Myrniong ; then came Lady Coventry, Alba troas, Veno, Lang Lang, Monk, and Peter Simple, with Forester bringing up the ex« treme rear, and apparently in no hurry to" Improve hu portion. Myriilong ran up to Baratti at the far turn, with Lady Coventry, Monk, and Palmerston dose at his heels ; and here Doctor, who was tiling very fast, fall, and -as they neared the sheds, Lady Coventry went up sebond, just in front of . Myrniong, but the latter then came to grief. As they approached the straight Barattidrew away again, and the Monk and Palmerston .took second and third places, followed by \- lady Coventry, Lang Lang, Yeno, and Peter Simple, nothing else being near. Baratti led the Monk all the way up to the last hurdle, which they took together, and the Monk heading the mare, in the last fifty yards, beat her cleverly, if not easily, by about a length; Palmerston a bad third, Lady Coventry fourth, Peter Simple fifth, Lang Lang sixth, end Veno seventh. Time, Sarin. Shoe. Corinthian Flat Back, of 50 soys. One mile and a quarter, Mr H. Horley's b g Blazes, by Vagabond aged, lOst 101b ... lb Filiate 1 Mr E, Weekea'e bl c Alarlc, 8 yean, lest 71b tn m. ... ... Mr W. Glasscock 2 Mr B. Grimwood'sb g PyrrhuB, reJLbBt HT J. Mitchell's br g Jokes, aged, list 91b . . . . Mr Crook 0 Mr B. Ckmcfa'i b g Welcome (late Democrat), e yra, list 41b _ H, ». — Mr King 0 Mr R, T. Heywood'e br h Carlisle, aged, lOst l2lo 0 . ... — — - Mr W. Jones 0 Mr R. RaeS b m Fiction, 4 yre, lOst 81b Mr Birrell 0 Mr 8. Makon'a b m Hester, 4 yra, lOst . m . . Mr C, Glasfeosk 0 Mr A O. lnglis's b or br c Eric, 2 yrs, 9at 71b . . - - Mrlnglis 0 Betting: 4 to 1 each agst Aiario and Jokes, 5 to 1 eaoh agst Pyrrhos and Car lisle, 7 and 8 to 1 any others. Welcome was the first to shew In advance, followed by Jokes and Carlisle, but before they hadgoneanydistance Jokes oarried on the tanning, Carlisle, Welcome, and Frio head log the others. Passing the railway bridge Carlisle took the lead, with Aiario and Jokes heading the field ; and thus they ran to the home tarn, where the field closed up, Pyrrhos and Blazes looking especially danu gerous. Carlisle, however, led up the" straight, but below the distance he was passed by old Blazes, and though Jokes ran op second, both he and Carlisle died away again, and Blazes beat Aiaric very easily by a length and a half, Pyrrhos a bad third, Carlisle fourth, and Jokes fifth. Time. 2mln. 20seo. Handicap Flat Back, of 50 sovs. Six furlongs. Mr A. K. Flnlay'e bl h Tocal, by The Barb, 5 yrs, 9ot _ _ 8t. Albans 1 . Mr T. Jones's ch c Sea King, 3 yrs, 5&t71b; -Burton 2 Mr J. a. Reed's b g Bar One, '6 yrs, 6st 61b _ Failon 3 Mr H. Haines's b h Diomed, 4 yrs, 61b mm «u — Thompson 0 I Mr John Leek's b or br h Dollar, 4 yrs, Flood 0 Mr 3, Cleeland's br h Ashantee, 5 yrs, 8st_M'Leod 0 Mr J. Pateraon's br h Herschel, 5 yrs, 7st Ulb — — — ... Power 0 Mr D.Bulilvan'fl bl g Supple Jack, 4 yr 7stlllb — Barr 0 Mr EL Drewetfs b f Nerlsea, 3 yrs, 7st Sib « : ee» WD liamson O f Mr I, Foulehun's g h Glengarry, 5 yrs, 7st 71b m — ... .8. Davis 0 Mr J. 8. Henderson's b or br h TinWhlstler, 4 yes. 7stSlb ...... .Kelly 0 Mr W. Hodgson's ch g Customs, 4 yrs, 7st 21b mm . mm mm O'Brien 0 I Mr J. Grippe's ch c Lexicon, Syrs, 7st .Nolan 0 Mr J. Whlttlngharn's b i Aspen, 3 yis, fht 8lb . ... ;m ... ... i Carter 0 Mr R. Howie's g c SuwaTrow, 2 yrs, 6st 61b Phillips 0 MrG. Mason's b er bl g Revenue, 6 yrs, 6sfe 81b . . . . _ CL Williams 0 Mr Gi Glasscock's b c Bine Ribbon; 2 yrs, 6st 81b, — . . ... Poole 0 Mr E. A. Johnson-Boe's b c Lottery, 3 yrs, 6st 21b, t.: . . ... — .King 0 Mr M. Holt's ch c Young Kirk, 3 yrs, 6st 71b mm mm mm eaa mm Connor 0 J Betting: 3 to 1 agst Revenue, 6 to 1 agst I Tooal, 8 to 1 eaoh agst Sea King and Herschel, 10 to 1 agBt any other. Shortly after the nineteen competitors were marshalled at the post, Young Kirk broke away, and overpowering his tiny rider, ran right round the course before he oould be stopped. A false start then took place, and Young Kirk going away again, aid another circuit of the running ground, and was then brought back into the sad dling paddook. When the field was at last .sent away, Glengarry on the right, Diomed, Blue Ribbon, and Dollar in the centre, and Bevenue on the extreme left next the rails, bowed moot prominently In the front rank. Ah the field tore up to the distaaoo post it Waa hard to ssy which had the advantage, but there-Sea King shot out from the ruck, s quiokly had a decisive lead, Dollar, ' «>®sl (who was pulling two double) Suwsrrow Jf toe remainder of the field. Below uj H 1111 UP 40 Sea King, and heading a few strides from home, beat torn very oleverly by a long head, Bar One, tart 100 jmrdu, . tfth n if" . ,ourth. Nerlun DoUw mrth. Time lmln. SttawatmAM, '«„, Abertth. "J# , MrWT IbitHi bit g I MrJA. Longblin's b g Lett Rower (latoJWn. Mr M. Hoysted cb g Bed Iron, «Red/,j3Bb. ; .) Ifotpipg : 3 to-1 eaoh agst "Gon&tumIind;' UeAJrWgjf to S agst Gladiator, d tO l agst at a miserable pace, Scotoh man leading Gladiator and Bad Ironfmic is hefom «titey roaohed the first, fenpp# I Glflriiatqr had a load of. throe lengths, of , Goulburn ; then : oame Lett Bbwbr,' Bed Don, Scotchman, and Tnrpin at long Inter vals, ' , Gladiator led, Gonloarn five Ishgths along &e; back of the oourse, lengths from whom oame Bed Iron, Left Bower, Sootohman, and Tnrpin, and time they ran round tine oonrse and oame to , the first of the stand obstacles, where Goutburn led Gladi ator some ten lengths, Bed Iron And the rihm running in th» same order. Here, however, i Bed Don fell, and though HIU was quickly in the saddle again, he lost so muoh ground that he was never in the raee afterwards, and eventually walked Is. Gonlburn then led past the stand, and round the turn, hut Corrigan pulling Litn ofi, Gladiator ted him some two lengths along the back of the oonrse, Sootohman by this time being third, and Left Bower, Turpin and Bed Iron, a long way out of it. At the abattoirs Gladiator and Gonlburn were running heck and neck, five lengths in front of Sootohman, but at the sheds Gladiator held a trifling advantage. He was again repassed by Gonlburn, how ever, and as they oame up to the last fence, , Sootohman joined in, and the three took the obstacle almost together. When the rablng commenced on the fiat, Gladiator soon dropped oflj and though Sootohman tried all he knew,, the issue was never in doubt, and Ghulburn beat him easily by several lengths, Gladiator a moderate third, Turpin fourth, and Left Bower fifth. Time, 8 mm. 6|seo. Queen's Birthday Stakes, of 50 sovs. Half a mile. Mr J. Jones's ch c See King, by Stockham— Wave 8 yis. 6st Tib. mm Ml . Burton- 1, 1 Mr A. F. Brndebaw's ch m Zephyr, 4 yra, 7st Sib ....... Davis 2 Mr M. Smith's b f Success, 2 yrs, fat 101b . . .., . J. Williamson 3 Mr J. Mitchell's br g Jokes, aged, 8st Sib Sxilllvan 0 Mr J. Cleeland's br h Ashantee, 6 yrs, 8st 31b ... . - ifLeod 0 Mr J. O. Iugltfs ch g Don 8 lira, 6 yrs, 8«t 21b . . . . . Cripps 0 Mr J. Patersonh bl h Herschel, 5 yrs, 8st Power 0 Mr E. Weekee'a b or br c Epilogue, 2 yrs, 7st 81b j. ... m« ... . .Kmg 6 Mr J. O. Henderson's b or br h Tin Whistler, 4 yrs, 7st61b . . . .. Keily 0 Mr G. Glasscock's br m Florence, 4 yrs, 7st 41b ««, . hi . w Poole 0 Mr A. K. Finlay's b e Caspian, 2 yrs, 7st 41b ... . ... « .it St. Albans 0 Mr J. Mitchell's b C MUliyan (late Viceroy), 2 yra, ' 7st II mm mm mm Brown 0 1 Mr R. Rae's b m Perth. 4 yrs, 6st 121b M'Langhlin 6 Mr Coldham's br f Last Light, 2 yrs, 6st 81b HI mm mm « . Rlfeharda 0 1 Mr P. T. Heywood'e br m Thetia, 6yrs, 6stSlb . - . . m . Blues 0 Mr E» A JobhSoh-Boe's g g Pam (late Peter), 2 __yrs,6sfc . <u >, . Fallon 0 1 Mr B. Hoystead's b t Narraferl, 2 yrs, Bat fgv&ns; 6 Mr J. J. MlUerto br 8 NavarlntK 2 yrs, 6st Croak 0 Mr M. Helta £h C Young Kirk, 3 yrs, 6st 101b w »« . . . E. Wllsen 9 J Mr. Mitchell declared to win with Jokes, Betting : 3 to 1 agst Sea King, fi to 1 eaeh agst Cosipian, Last Light, and Zephyr, 10 to 1 agst any other; The moment the flag fell, Epilogue ran to the front, and about 300 yards from home he was fully four lengths in front of Sea King and Zephyr, Jokes also showing very pro minently amongst the others. At the car riage paddock Epilogue's holt was shot, and he fell lock beaten, Sea King assuming the lead, followed by Zephyr, Jokes, Muilyan, and Success, at the heed of a cioeely packed cluster of horses. Sea King was thenoe forth never headed, and beat Zephyr very comfortably for first plaoe, Success a good third, Jokes, who died away in the last fifty yards, fourth, Epilogue fifth, and Muilyan sixth. Time, 54seo. 