echuca, MoaJTA. and KeB.VXG, ADVERTISER. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) "Eohuoa, Monday, April 28, 1879. Two incidents recorded id the intelligence recently received from England, have per haps attracted' little notice. Yet they have both an interest; that of the one, in itself; that of the other by contrast. Dr. New man -was about to become a Cardinal of the Church of Romp—Professor Pearson had set apart a day, " for a run with Mr. Graham Berry down to Oxford." And both the Doctor and the Professor had been Follows of Oriel. Of Oriel, indeed, alike ; but not alike of Oriel, in the great years of it's intellectual supremacy. The college remains, but the men have long since gone. From Oxford, where court was held, and Councillors of State attended, when the Treasurer of Traitors first " hinted," and then outspoken and upheld, reached it's fit consummation of regicide and mur der ; from Oxford, the centre of so many English National Associations for so many generations ; there weut forth, thirty-three years ago—the third of a century—the half of a life time—one Fellow of Oriel. His delicate love of all things beautiful and noble, penetrated by the charm of it's dignity and grace, was yet so largely mixed with pain as to nullify the force of it's fascination. On no errand, like a later Fellow, did Dr. Newman quit the country which he, too, has but lately and briefly revisited. Not with a portly presence-like a ghost, the worn scholar came back to muse and to meditate away the cloisters and the gardens, from which, in the matu rity of his manhood, his busy spirit was driven forward, in pursuit of peace and rest. But he, at least, could trace the progress of growth and change—since the time when, for him, it ended in reception into the Fold of Home—through a life which, consistent and complete, left him nothing to lament; for whether it led to, or shut him out from, an enduring fame, lie had followed unwaveringly whether his conscience guarded, though it estranged iiiin from the communion of his fathers. Strongly though the reasoning may be de nounced to which Dr. Newman yielded, by the disciples of an opposing faith, many pangs of kindred pain musf, be in spired, f-;r all who read the narrative in The Apologia, of his confessions, in all their simplicity and sincerity, as it readies its final termination. For it is a record of the keenness of conflicts which, duiing a crisis of mental and moral tumult, immedi ately preceded and accompanied his great determination, until the moment when he silently "betook himself away. " I have never seen it since." Not place alone was quitted, but friends and fellow workers, pupils and disciples. Few, among living memorials, have been left to prove, by their reception of Dr. Newman on his revisiting Oxford, that the communion of friendship is deeper and broader than the communion of divided churches. Dr. Pusey was still at Christ Church, and, for an interchange of memories, the friends met once more. And not only as friends, but as the foremost leaders of that great movement, since so widely spread, first manifested in " the Library of Anglo Catholic Theology," and in " the Trac'sfor the Times." They sur vived, though but to shake hands from separated folds. For both, the fever and the fret of life had ceased. For one, though vivid still tha memory of his former unrest, he could still come back to the scene of its history without the old disturbing emotion. The warring forces had been appeased, and the consciousness of charm might have been revived, as each remembered spot was sought out where his spirit had led its highest lifp. The two foremost scholars of the two most famous among the ancient colleges of Oxford were again side by side. The meditative calm of age had succeeded to the pass'onate energy of their years of earlier manhood—the intervening period of disunion regarded but as an uneasy dream. Universities throughout the world, and amongs' them our Vic oriau, know, of late years, too much of the morbid activity which ruthlessly destroys the vestiges of the past, abolishing old scenes and sanctities, to make way for modern inventions, which but expose the shallowness of their authors' conceptions. There must ever be regret that Dr. Newman quitted the English Church, nor would a church so hospitable have driven him forth, had he himself felt free to continue >vithin its pale. There may be those who rejoice that they have not been led along the same lines, and that they have escaped the influence of causes which led even a soul so gifted to the adoption of theories of belief the}7 hold to bo partial and erroneous. But though unable to subdue the enquiring energy of his spirit, the life of Dr. Newman, alike from its renunciations as from its sincerity, has been a glory and a gain to Englishflife, and will remain, long after he has passed away, a bright example among the fellows of OrieL The Wbatheu. —The weather last week was unusually close and sultry for the period of the year. On Saturday the sky was overshadowed with clouds and towards noon a few showers of rain fell, from which it was hoped that the long continued drought was at.length to bo broken. The rain, however, was inconsiderable and none fell from three o'clock till about midnight, wheu a few light showers again descended. The weather was fiue all day yesterday, although a few clouds hung about. Up till a late hour last night, there was no appearance of an immediate fall of rain to the extent which is so nigenfc re quired. All along the southern coast rain has fallen, and at Horsham on Saturday, showers continued throughout the day. New Insolvent.—The following new in solvent filed his schedule in Echuca on Satur day :—William Andrew Stoker, of Toolatnoa, draper and boot and shoemaker. Causes of in solvency, depression in trade and inability to collfci- debts. Liabilities, £294 14s ; assets, £147 lis 9d ; deficiency, £147 2s 3d. Mr Shackell, ofheial assignee. Mr Bruhaui, attorney. Valueless Cheques —The man Drew was brought up at the Echuca. Police Court on Saturday on a charge of utterim; valueless | cheques, and »vas remanded to allow of evi-1 dence being procured-. j Ckowded Out,—In consequence of pressure on our columns, we have been com pelled to omit the publication iy this issue of . a large number of Gazette notices and other matter, which will appear to-morrow-. _ Chkist'.s Cuurcu.—At Christ's Church of England, Echuca-, the Venerable Archdeacon Crawford preached yesterday morning. . The church Was well-filled, and the sermon waslis tened to with attention. The text was taken from the 7th verse of the loth chapter of the Gospel according to St. Luke— "1 say unto you, that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenleth, more than over ninety and nine just persons which need no repentance." The preacher referred to the passage as a moat beautiful one, and coin pared the people to sheep, happily bringing in the parable of tho uinuty-niue lost sheep. He gave an illustration of the care taken of his sheep by the retired General Garibaldi, who searched all night for a lamb lost from his flocks and when ho found it resuscitated the poor animal by takingit to bed with h:m The choir gave some good music, and was numerically stronger than for some time past, the new voices effecting an improve ment. Prayers for rain were also offered up. In the evening the Archdeacon again preached to another good congregation. Cart Accident.—On Saturday an acci dent occurred to Mr. Patrick Phyland, far mer, of Gunbower, of a very painful mture. He was returning home to his selection with some Btores, aud was accompanied by hia wife. Having occasion to cross a deep rut in the road, he dismounted from the cart, and proceeded to lead the horse. The horse plunged, the wheel striking Phyland on the leg, and throwing him down. Whilst thus, the wheel paa3ed over his body. Yesterday Phyland was conveyed to Echuca, where he consulted Dr. Crossen, who found that he was suffering front a dislocation of the hip, besides minor injuries. The sufferer was placed under chloroform, when Dr. Crosaen speed ly reducod the dislocation, and Phyland was enabled to return home. A Child nearly Diiownkl\ — A boy agod 3 years, by the name of Gudgeon, ex perienced a narrow escape of death by drowning in the Murray river at the Echuca wharf yesterday afternoon. The steamer Undaunted aud barge are lying moored to the wharf, and the youngster anil hi3 sister were plaviug about the vessel, when the former fell into tin wnter. The sister gave the alarm to two of tho crow on the tiargo, a.ul they without hesitation plunged into the water, one in front and one behind the paddle-wheel. The b«y was extricated by them from a most dangerous positi >n, lirectly under tho wheel, tie wa3 conveyed to the Temperance boarding house, and was brought round after about an hour and a half had been spent in applying restoratives. Young Men's Christian- Association.— The- members of the Ecluica Young Men's Christian Association are most anxious that their members' roll should be largely in creased, and they promise a cordial welcome to any who may feel inclined to join, and would assure ihoseof tho young men of the towu who have the time to spare that it couid not be spent in a better way than by their becoming members of the association. Such institutions .should be eagerly sup ported by the young men, the object being to improvo and advance the members, so that in their after life they m iy have the desire and be able t> prove themselves useful and respected members of any com munity in which their lot may be c.ut. Vagrancy.-— An old man nam -d Richard Jones, who for years pa3t lias gained a living by rag and bone gathering, w-is lodged in the lock-np on Saturday on a charge of vagrancy. Jonea is a cripple, and has not been able to follow his occupation of late. He will be brought before the court to-dav Obscene Language.—On Saturday even ing, whilst the lie 7. J. C. Freeman was addressing an open-iir religions meeting at Echuca Last, a woman of the town made her self conspicuous by her use of disgusting language. She was speedily marched otf to the Echuca East lack-up by Constable Ned well. Special Train. — Immediately o i the ar rival of che 10.20 p ia. train from Melbourne i'H Saturday, an engine with one first-class carriage and the guard's van attache 1, went on to Deniliquin. The special was char tered by a gentleman who was on urgent business. Ecjicoa Shire Council. — The usual monthly meeting of the Echuca Shire Coun I cil will behold to-morrow at Echuca. Crown Lands Sale. — A sale of Crown lands will be held at Mm na on Wodn ssday 28th May, when only one lot will be sub mitted, of 339a 3r, parish of Caldwell, on the Thule run. Eight Hours' Association.—A special meeting of members of the Echuc i aud Dis trict Working Mou*a Eight Hours' Association will be held in the State school this oveniu<* at 7 o'clock. ° Insolvency Meeting.—A meeting in the estate of Messrs Simpson Brothers was com menced at Deniliquin on Wednesday, before the local commissioner, Mr. Muir, P. \l The insolvents, -who are in Victoria, did 'not attend. Mr. Ochiltree appeared for some of the creditors, aud brought proofs of de:,ta on behalf of Messrs Mort and W.-usun, Hunter and Son, and Rosenfield B rothers ; and Mr Gillott tendered a proof of debr, on''>ehalf of Dr Noyes. Richard Henry Binney, one of the trustees under a deed of assignment, exe cuted by the insolvents some time piwious ; to the rule for the compulsory seques ration of tho estate being made absolute, was ex amined by Mr Ochiltree as to tho disposal of the realised assets in the estate. The witness was unable to state where the deed of assign ment was or whether it was in the possession of his co-trustee or the solicitor. He state! that no books or accounts had been kept by either himself or his co-trustee, which would show their transactions in connection with the estate, except the bank pass book for the trust account, which he did not pro luce, but ' undertook to do so a3 soon as he could find J it. The examination of this witness occu- , pied several hours on Wednesday and Thurs day (says the Pastoral Times), and the inquiry was then adjourned till Wednesday next. " Deniliquin Town Hall—A deputation, consisting of Messrs J. Dobbie, Weather stone and Co, waited upon the Mayor on I Tuesday morning last, to protest against the Council s acceptance of Messrs M'Bride aud I Robertson s tender, on the ground of the conditions of the advertisement not beim* complied with in depositing with their tender either a cash deposit" or " marked cheque," the Council having previously rt-.j-cted ten ders for non-compliance with this rulo of oouncil. The protest was signed by Messrs Hunter and Son, Heales, Vanstone and Weatherstone, G. Hunter, and J. Dobbin local competing contractors. In accordance with a wish expressed by the localjcontrac a 8P!01,aI meeting of the Council was held on Wednesday evening, at which there we?e present—Alderrpen Noyes, Mackenzie, 1^ °' fi?d ! Tha contractors famed m the protest also attended. After some discussion (says the Pastoral Times) it was moved by Alderman Noyes, seconded by Alderman Mackenzie, and carried "TU.t. call of the whole Council b.T»l» Monday next, for the purpose of rescinding the motion accepting Messrs M'Bride and Robertson s tender.The Aldermenme ' t.oned and the Mayor expressed themselves £1500. y °PP exP<^di"g more than - Another English Eleven.-a \w Zealand newspaper states tln.t -- Christchurch .Lord Harris gave some of the prominent players to understand that on his return to England he would endeavour f„ arrange for getting together the s-rou J, team of gentlemen players in Emd ui/f t ,nd,.d, Grace, S.e.lS, th^a™ i,'t" Lyttleton ; ana that if the projected negotia' tions came to a successful jsslI„ the te-mi »ould come out in two years from this tim* A°«t?,lk,m " Z°"Md b«f»»H«i»gto 