CHAPTER XIX.-"To A DEEP LAWNY DELL THEY CAME." It was summer time again, tho beginning of June, the time when summer is fairest and freshest, the young leaves in the woods tender and transparent enough to let tho sunlight through, tiie young fi-rns just unfurling their broad Prince of Wales's feathers, tho roses just opening, thó patches of common land and furzy corners of meadowB ablaze with gold, the sky an Italian blue, the day so long that ono almost for gets thero is such a tiling as night in the world. It was a season that Lamra had always loved, and even now, gloomy as was the outlook of her young life, she felt her spirits lightened with the brightness of the land. Her cheerfulness asto nished Celia, who was in a state of chronic indigna tion against John Treverton, wliioh was all the more intenso because she was forbidden to .talk of him. " I never knew anyone take tilings so lightly as you do, Laura," she exclaimed, one afternoon when she found Mrs. Treverton just returned from a, long ramble in the little wood that adjoined the Manor House grounds.. " Why should I make the most of my troubles. P Earth seems so full of gladness and hope at this Beason that ono cannot help hoping." " You cannot, perhaps. Don't say one cannot/' Cona retorted, snappishly, " if you mean to include me. Heft off hoping before I was eighteen. What is there to hope for in a parish where thero are only two eligible bachelors, ono of the two as ugly as Bin, and thé other an incorrigible flirt, a man who seems always on the brink of proposing, yet never proposes.'' " You havo not counted your devoted admirer, Mr. Sampson. Ho makes a third." " Sandy-haired, and a village solicitor. Thank you, Laura. I have not sunk so low as that. If I married him I should have to marry his sister Eliza, and that would be quito too dreadful. No, dear, I can manage to exist as I am, ' in maiden meditation, fancy free.' When I change my situ . ation I shall expect to better myself. As for you, ? Laura, you aro a perfect wonder. I never saw you \ looking so well. Yet in your position I am sure I should have cried my eyes out." . . , " That wouldn't have made the. position better. I have not left off hoping, Celia, and when I feol low-spirited I set myself to work to forget my own troubles. Thero is so much to be looked af ter on an. estate like this;-the house, the grounds, the poor poóple-I can always find something to do." '.' You are a paragon of industry; I never saw thogàrden as pretty as it is this year." . " I like everything tb look its best," said Laura, blushing at her own thoughts. The one Éolace of her fife of late had been 'to preserve and beautify tho good old house and its surroundings. Tho secret hope that John Trever ton would como back some day, and that life would he fair ¿nd - sweet for her again, was the hidden spring of all her actions. Every morning she Baid to herself, "He may come to-day;" every night she consoled herself with the fancy that he might como to-morrow. " I may have to wait for years," she said in her graver moments, " but let him come when he will ho shall find that I have been a faithful steward." Sho had never left the Manor House since she came back from lier lonely honeymoon. She had received various hospitable invitations from tho county families, who were anxious to bo civil to her now that sho was fh'nily established among them as a landowner, but she refused all such invitations, excusing .herself because of her husband's enforced absonce, When he returned to England she would bo delighted to visit with him, and so on ; whereby the county people were given to understand that thero was nothing extraordinary or unwarrantable in Mr. Trisverton's non-appearance at the Manor House. " His wife seems to approve of Iiis conduct, so one can only suppose that it's all right," said pooplo, notwithstanding which the majority clung affectionately to tho supposition that it was all wrong. ! Despite Laura's hopefulness, and that sweetness of temper and gaiety of mind which preserved the youthful beauty of her face, there ware hours-one hom", perhaps, in every day-whon her spirits drooped, and hope seem to sicken. She had pored over John Treverton's last letter until the paper upon which it was written had grown thin and worn with frequent bandung ; but at the best] dear as the letter was to her, she could not extract much from it. Tho letter was not utterly hopeless in its tone. Yet tho writer spoke of a parting that might bo for lifo ; of a tie that miçht last for ever j a tie +hat bound him in honour, if not in fact, to some other woman. Ho had wronged her deeply by that broken mar riage-wronged her by supposing thatthepossession of j asper Treverton's estate could in any wiso com pensate her for tho false position in which that marriage had placed her ; and yet sho could not find it in her heart to bo angry with him. She loved lj im too well, and. lillis letter, whatever guilt it vaguely confessed, overflowed with love for her. She forgave him all things for the sake of that love. When had sho begun to love him, she asked i herself sometimes in a sad rovorie. Sho had ques tioned bini closely as to the growth of his love, but had boen Blow to make her own confession. How well she remembered his palo, tired face that winter night, just a year and a hah9 ago, when he carno into the lamp-lit room and took his Beat on the opposite side of the hearth, a stranger and half an enemy. She had liked and admired him from the very first, knowing that he was prejudiced against her. The pale clear cut face, tho grey eyes with their black lashes, which made them look black in some lights, hazel in others ; the tlioughtf ul mouth, and that all pervading expression of melancholy which had at onco enlisted her sympathy ; all these had pleased her. " I must have been dreadfully weak-minded," she said to herself, "for I really think I fell in love with him at first sight." That little wood behind tho Manor House grounds was Laura's favourite resort in this early sunimer time. It was the most picturesque of woods, for the ground sloped steeply to a narrow river, on the outer side of which there was a rugged bank, topped by a grove of fir trees. The stream ran brawling over a rocky bed, and the bold massoB of rock here shining purple, or changeful grey, there green with moss ; the fringe of ferns upon the river brim ; the old half-ruined wooden bridge that spanned the torrent ; the background of beech and oak, mingled with tho darker foliage of old Scotch firs; and, towering darkly above all, the lofty ridge of moorland, made a picture that Laura fondly loved. Here she came when the prim gardens of the Manor House seemed too small to hold her thoughts and cares. Here she seemed to breathe a freer air. She came to this spot one evening in June, after a.day of sunny weather which had seemed longer and wearier and altogether harder to bear than the generality of her'days. Celia had been with her all day, and Celia'B small talk had been drearier than solitude. She was thankful to be alone in this quiet shelter, where the indefatigable labours of the woodpecker and the babble of the stream were the. only sounds that stirred the summer silence. All the day long the heat had been hardly en durable, now there was a breath of coolness in the air, and nothing left of that fierce sun but a soft yellow light in the western sky. She had a volume of Shelley in her pocket, taken up from among the books on the table of her favourite room. It was ono of tho books she loved best, and had boen the companion of many a ram ble. She seated herself on a fallen trunk of oak beside the r>ver, and opened the volume haphazard at " Rosalind and Helen," and she read on till she came to those lovely lines which picture such a spot as where she was sitting. To a deep lawny doll they came, To a 8tono seat beside a spring, O'er which the colamn'd wood did frame A roofless temple, Uko the fane "Where, ero now creeds could faith obtain, Man's early race once knelt beneath Tho overhanging Deity. She read on. The scene suited tho poem, and its deep melancholy harmonised but too well with her own feelings. A story of love, the fondest, truest, most unworldly, onding in hopeless Borrow. Never had the gloom of that poem Bunk so heavily upon her spirit. She closed the book suddenly, with a half-stifled .sob. The moon was rising, silver pale, above the ;dark ridge pf moorland. The last streak of golden light had faded behind the red trunks of the firs. '. The low, melancholy cry of an owl sounded far off in the dork heart of the wood. It was, indeed, as if. " ;? The owls had all fled far away In a merrier glen to hoot and play.??. TUBUO-;a spot a mind attuned by melancholy might easily shape spectral forms out of the even ing! shadows, and call up the ghosts of the loved and lost. Laura looked .up fronvher book with a strange uncanny feeling, as if, indeed, some ghostly presence were near. Her eyes wandered slowly across the rocky bed of the river, and there, on the opposite bank, half in shadow, half in the golden light of the big round moon, she saw a tall figure and a pale face looking at her. * She rose with a half-stifled cry of fear. That face looked so spec tral in tho mystical light. And. then Blie clasped her' hands joyously and cried " I knew you would come back !"' ... This was tho deserter's welcome. No frowns, no tipbraidings-a sweet face beaming with de light, a happy voice full of fondest welcome. "Humph," cries tho misogynist, "what fools these women are 1" He came, stopping lightly across tho rocks, at some risk of measuring his length in the stony bed of the river, and in less than a minute was by her side. ." Not a word.did he say for the first moment pr so. His greeting was dumb. He took her to his heart, and kissed her as he had never kissed her yet. ; * "My own one, my wife 1" he cried. "You are all mino now. Love, I have been patient. Don't bo hard with me." This last remonstrance was because she . had drawn herself away from Iiis arms, and was look ing at 1dm with a smile which was no longer ten der but ironical. " Have you como back to Hozolhurat to Bpond an evening," she asked, " or can you prolong your visit for a week ?" " I have come back to spsnd my life with you I have come back to stay for ever ! They may be gin to build ino a vault to-morrow in Hazelhurst churchyard. I Bhall be here to occupy it, when my time comes-if you will have mo. That is tho question, Laura. It all depends on you. Oh, love, love, answer me quiekly. If you but knew how I have longed for this moment. Toll mo, sweet, have I quite worn out yoiu* love ? Has my conduct forfeited your esteem for ever ?" " You havo behaved very unkindly to me,"- she answered, slowly, gravoly, her voice trembling a little. " You havo used me in a manner which I think a .woman with proper womanly pride could hardly forgive." "?Laura," ho cried piteously. " But I fear I am not possessed of proper wo manly pride, because I have forgiven you," she said, innocently. " My treasure, my delight !" "But it would have been so much easier.to for give if you had trusted me, if you hod told mo all the truth. Oh, John, husband, and yet noh"H band, you have treated mo very cruelly." Here sho forgot her unreasoning -joy at seob,«. lum again, and suddenly remembered herseU her wrongs. «"- aaa " I know, love," he said, on his knees beside her "I seem to have acted vilely, and yet, behove rae dearest, my sole motive was tho desire to uroW your interests." ? . " ^ " You have put nie to shame before all mankind by your conduct," urged Laura, meaning 'the vil lage of Hazelhurst. " You have no right to an proach me, no right to look me in the face. Bavo you not' confessed in that cruel letter that you were not free to marry me, and that you bolone in some way to another woman ?" . 6 u " That other woman is dead. I am free as the air." ; " What was she ? Your wife ?" There was a look of infinite pain in John Tre verton's face. His Hps moved as if about to speak" but he was silent. There are some truths difficult of utterance ; and it is not easy to all men to lie " It is too painful a story," he began at last speaking hurriedly, as if he wanted to make ¿ speedy end of a hateful subject. " A good many years ago, when I was very young, and a most consummate fool-I got myself into a Scotch mar riage. You have heard of the peculiarities of the marriage law in Scotland ?" " Yes, I have heard and read about them." " Of course. Well, it was a marriage and no mistake-a reckless, half-jesting promise, tortured by false witnesses, into a legal undertaking, f found myself, unawaros, a married man_a null stone tied round my neck. I will tell you no moro of that wretched entanglement, dearest. It would not be good for you to hoar. I will only say that I bore my burthen moro patiently than most inen would have borne it, and now I thank God with all my heart and soul for my freedom. And I como to you, dear love, to implore your forgiveness, and. to ask you to join me, three weeks hence, in soma quiet place thirty or forty miles from here, where* no one will know us, and where we may be marriedl again some fine summer morning, so that, if that Scotch marriage of mino were really binding, and oui* former marriage illegal, we may tie the knot securely, and for ever." " You should have trusted me at first, John," Laura said, reproachfully. " I ought to have done so, love, but I so feared to loso you. Oh, my darling, grant all I ask, and you shall never have cause to regret your goodness. Forgive me, and forget all that I have told you to night. Let it be as if it had never been. Tho second marriage which I ask for is a precautionary measure!-needless, perhaps-but it will make me feel more secure in my happiness. My beloved, will you do what I ask ?" She had dried her tears. Her heart was welling over with gladness and love for this sinner, still kneebng by her side as she sat on the ferny river bank, in the brightening moonlight, holding both her hands in Iiis, looking up pleadingly as he mode his prayer. There was no thought of denying him in her mind. She only wanted to yield with good grace, not to hunùliate herself too deeply. " It must be os you wish," she said. " When you have arranged tins second marriage you can write to me and tell me whore and when it is tobe. I will come to the place you appoint with my maid. She is a good girl, and I can trust her. She can be one pf the witnesses." i " Are you sure she will not talk about it after wards." : I have proved her already, and I know she i» trustworthy." : " Be it so, love. See here." Ho took a Cornish guide book from his pocket, and opened it at the map of the county. " I. have boon thinking that we might go further west to some remote parish. Here is Camelot, for instance. I never heard, of anyone living at Camelot since tho time of King Arthur. Surely there we should be safe from ob servation. The guide book acknowledges that there is nothing particular to bo seen at Camelot. It has not even a good word for tho inns. Tho placo is miles away from overytlung. It is an ano mally in towns, for though it has a town hall and a market place, it has no church that it con call its own, but hooks itself on to a brace of outlying churches, each a mile and a half away. Let us bo married at one of these out-of-the-way places, Laura, and I Bhalllove Camelot all the days of my life, as one loves the plain face of a friend who lias done one a great service." Laura luid nothing to say against Camelot, ana it was finally resolved that John Treverton should get thero as soon as rail and coach would carry him, that ho should have the banns put up afc one of tho churches, and that he should meet Laura, at Didford Junction throe weeks from that day, and escort her by coach across the wild moors and under tho shadow of giant brown tors, to tho little town of Camelot, where a modest population of six or seven hundred souls seemed to have lost themselves among the lulls, and got somehow lett behind in the noisy march of time and progross. " Shall we go to Penzance after om wedding, love, and then cross to the Scilly Isles for. our honeymoon ? It will be so sweet to have a ntuo rock-bound world of om- own, circled by tno Atlantic." , , TT._ Laura assented that it would be sweet, wer world was henceforth to bo small. John «"} its sun and centre, and all things outsido hun ana beyond him a moro elementary uni verse. Ho looked at his watch presently when moy came-out of tho pinewood into the broad moon hg"By Jove, clearest, I shall have no moro than time to see you as foi-as the orchard gato, ano. w«. mn off to catch tho last train for Didford. 1 «m» sleep at tho hotel there, to-night. I don t wantw bo seen within twenty miles of ^zTe"uu'8t"S and I como back from tho Scilly Isles, Bta^m and happy, to take up om- abode at tho dca»°> Manor House. Oh, Laura, how I ^J^g good, honest, respectable old homo ; how conwgj I shall thank God night and morningfforwygj ful life. Ah, love, you eauL never fully u dei stan what a kicked about waif I have been «or toe » seven years of my existence. You ci.n,noV" Xr know how tlu-ice-blessed is a tranqml haven alter ^^had'opencd thea- hearts and mindsMfr to each other; she withholding nothing, ho enter inc; into no details of his Ufo history, but f-ranklj admitting his .unworthiness. She told him how abo had borne herself at Hazelhurst after her soli tary return from a supposed honeymoon j how slit jiad hidden tho truth from all her little world. H would seem tho most natural tiling for her to gc away to join her husband abroad, and for them britt to return together. They parted at the orchard gate hurriedly, for john hod three miles to walk to the station, and only three-quarters of .an hour to tho walk. There vos but oüe hasty kiss at parting, but, oh, tho blissfulness of süoh a kiss on the threshold of so fair a future. Labia, threaded her way slowly through the moonlit orchard, where the old apple trees cost their crooked shadows on the soft deep turf, and happy tears poured down her flushed cheeks as she went. «God is good to us, God is very good," BIIO kept repeating inwardly. "Oh, how can we ever be grateful enough, how can we ever be earnest enough to do our duty ?" In all her talk with John Treverton she had not gaid a word about the settlement. She had not praised him or thanked liim for his generosity. All thought of Jasper Treverton's fortuno was as remoto from her mind as if the old man had died a pauper, and there had been not a shilling of loss or gain contingent ujion tho marriage of his kins man. ¡ TO BE CONTINUED.*] 