. *' . :<'. ? i-* v.'-i ;"i i.: . THE BOATMAN'S STORY. » : 0 PawHiBNBD,«t thntif No, sir, not; likely to be elther.r I neverwas really frightened ;but©noelnmy lWe."i l . , ;.,,i ..... ' i " Only frlghtenedonce in your We?,;) Come (hen, captain, tell (us.all about it)j It must feave^ein ft rarefrlgkt to last, you nil your v ''Wai it >a ghost M added'the brother of the last speaker* Ti .i,:-.; " No, MaaterAlfHd.ifcwaa no ghoit j I don't believe In ghoBti'sBea,,myialf.'';.: .u . Well, tell ua all about It,",repeated Wllllarit Sinclair*. .i-. . i; ; i) : ''Bat I thought yatf young gentlemen wanted mo to take yw out fishing j" repliftd the old boatman,' commonly called oaptain Abbott. ? i , i- a ? o , ? < 14 So wo did j but the tan is hot now, and yon said we should notoatoh muoh as the wind was east, no we would quoh rather hear what) frightened yoi,> and go > out fishing another time,'? .: .u.i.u',.i/ j . " Yea} in the evealag," chimed in Alfred Sinclair. " When the i sun hits gone down} and the wind may have changed1 from, the east by then, yoa kniw, oaptain.". "Very like it may* sir j often does last before sunset, Now, if you young gentle* men liko to do no, I'll row you aoross the harbour to Rapparea GoVe, and we caa ait in the shade there, and I'll mend my net a bit, whilo I'apin & yarn for you." ' > " We'll row, and you steer," exolaimed the two brothers, jumping intothe boat, and taking1 tho oars. " What is it called Jt»p* pareoGovefor?" :.<;;) . r, i,i 4> OrtH't say, sir ( UB]ew1t>be( that smug gling used to be. carried;oh here; its a convenient plaeej to mil >>k > boat, in, you oee, gome SpanWh1 #hip»rr were; losfron th© rooliahere sears tgo^jfjmftuy a gold doubt, loon found Itsway into llffaoomba from tkm. Mlnd'your oarj Mr. Alfred^ hore wo are.' Now I'll make! the.boat fait and bring my hets*-as;nie« M:plaoe to ajbend an hour or 00, to my'thinking, ^aa > need 'bei 'What do you say, sir f'MiaUr'Abbott, appealing to the elder brbtbe^. ',?..* " I think l«'» the jolllest place I over > saw, oaptain, with these beautiful oM* tab our baokj and all' those rooks runniug out into the sea, And now, captain, for your, story," said William, throwing himself on the dry, warm sand near Abbott, and shading hla eyes with his hat, while Alfred stated himself on b l&*ge stone on the other side of the sailor; and ooumeneed shying pepplcs into the WfetOP. "1'vo been thinking, young gentlemen, I can't tell you what frightened mo without telling you a good bit of my early life," " All tha better," eaid the two brothers. " All the bettor. Nov# begiu, aa tho otory books alwayo do, with4 Oaoe upon a time,"' Abbott tools off hia hat and wiped hia feca with his handfee-fohiof several times j ho waa a fine looking fellow, in hia blue guernsey and bare throat, and darkjourly hair woll streaked with grey. 4< I ma born at Olovelly, yonder," he began, " and lived there the first twelve or fourteen yeara of my life. You can see the furthereat point there away to the left} the prettiest plaoa in England, to my thinking. We moved from Olovelly to Ilfraoombo. My father was a oarpenter, and 1 worked with him when I wasn't; going off to aea, Whoa I waa about eighteen, I went to O.juho Baseatt ay carpenter, nut I still lived at home, and walked backward and forward night and moraleg, if I didn't get by water. I Was the only ohlld 6hey ever had, and my poor mother made a deal of me. Stie had never the beat of health j I remember her being very hearty-but she was a good woman, and a good mother to me. " I'm sorry for any lad who hasn't ft good mother. No one oan be what a mother is to a lad. The thought of her keeps him from many a hut tful thing | he wouldn't like to vex her, or he would be ashamed of her knowing, when he would not so much mind his father. I owe a good deal to my mother, I'm certain sure of that. All the comfort able things a mother does to help to keep a son's heavrt soft and loving to her-for we're all more or less selfish-you know. Well, my father died when I was just turned twenty, and before X was twenty-one I had begun to keep company with a gill that had been a time at Sqalre Bassett's, but after ward she came into the town here, as ber aunt set) up a lodging-house, and she waa to help her. " Visitors hadjbegun to (find out this plaea was pleasant to come to even thenj they would oome from London, and tho gentry from the country would come for a few weeks to get somo fresh air and sea bathing nothiug like what it is nowadays, but still there waa a few. 1 had kept company a good bit before 1 liked to tell my mother (s, bad sign, young gentlemen t) but one day some neighbour lei; out to her about me and Busan walking together; so In the evenlug, when £ eame bawls from work and she waa gettlug auppes ready-she always waited for aae, let me bo ever so late--sne said, ' My boy, ia SoaanvTurner anything to you}' I laughed a bit, and leant back in my ohair and said, ' What little, bird hat told you that, eh, mother?'" " Well, she got up and oame behind me, and took my faoe in her two hands and kissed me many times. ' Jem,' she said, 4 I'd like you to, have a good wlfe, and she should be "4 R\y 9W0 daughte?. I could not love any one eo woU as ray own boy, exaopt his wife, if she was a good wife to him; bub, ob, Jem, mind what you're doing, and don't) do what you may repent of, once nod for ever.' " " I did nob like to say muoh, and mother speaking in that kind way, and not fly log'out about Susan ad many mothers Would, when they didn't approve,kept me from being vexed with her. V' You'll nob leave me, Jam, if 'you do marry V. she said,will youP My health's never good, you know, aud I'd like this to be your home so long m I live/ F*ther haiput a bit bf money by. but it was all hera, and I'd never thought of leaving her, so I 1 No, mother, I'll nob leave you. I'll Always bo your eon, even if I have a wife,? . ; ' ... " 'You'll promise me that P' she said, .'!Tm» jmother, I promise,' I said, 'I promiiewillingly,' Vl ^hank you^my boy,' she answered, and RgalB-shti put her thin hands on my head, apdkUsedme. ' Qod bless you, Jem; and may He guide you in our ohoioe, and keep you in allyour, ways.' So she'never said a word about me not haVlng told her, and she never said she didn't like Susan, you see, so I oouldnot but feel a bit vexed with'myself for never having taken counsel with mother, on let her know what I was thinking about. ? M Woll, wo wfint on, Susan and me, keeping cotnpto^ < some three years, and then I thought it was time we should think of marking. My. work was very regular, chiefly carpentering, and my wages good, j" Well, ! snaked Sunan dbont our nettling, bv|t she was quite set on having a house of her own, npd that X could nob promise, 'Mother will ho as good as your own mother cojUd have been,' I eftld, . aud there's two sitting rooms-ono. will bo youne, Susan, and all youv own thinga in it.' No; eho waan't pleased, and I wauaV&ad; we walked homa rather put out with each othor; and ao wo earao near the nursery Hardens boyoiul the ohurob, we mot tho uev? upholflberer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and he took off bis hat i« » f*eo easy way to Bi»wn. I dldu'b lilco it; and when ho had gona On, Bays I,-4 You know that young man, ift'T^Kaow blml Of oousao I do. I should ttynk.eve*ypue kuawa him by thla tlme~ taoit genteel he ia, a\id taken auoli a good shop In High-street--ho eoraee from Innaon.' 44 4 The ne»b time X iaut thla Mr. Albert Strong waB a Suuday afternoon, und to my Bwrpriso Susan w^o with him, ftud him emoliing'all tho timo, S.ho oolourad up bit and oeemod vesced at. mooting me, foe aho hat! sent wo word oho could not walk, aa hei1 aunt ha-1 la^B0*'" aU(^ wilted hoe m that day ; p.ud it vvaa not a likely patb oil the place iov ma to bo, too, Howevov, ohe eavno forward ftiad said tuuit had lob her go at laot; H Hw ft filwwe, sttoH ft lovoly evening, to Btay In tho houtio, uud Mt. Strong had escorted hot till uhs oou'ld meet me. 444 Whatovey ifloclo yem think of looking i for wo oft tho Tow ?' fiidd I, feeling | uncomfortable. ' j 44 4 Da you think you i'o BO bkmm one can b aeayou?" uaid ohe, laaughing; aad I was aigh & foot higher than Mr. Strong, so if she had been looklug ous foe rao no doubt, aha j naiuhfe have eeon wo horn tho hill} and, . perhapu, I ought nob to have euopeeted any thins. Wo walked ois ft bib together, ant. j theil fiomohow X thought ho made a oign to Sueun, and ouea moio I felt uncomfortable, and lonRcd to knock him down. I va oftoa wished X had then; but ho took hia loavo immediately aftoy, ft«d I began to fe&l; r little ^ufy^y gentool he'o dressed, Wfe ho?' said Susan, as aoon aa ha vvaa out of hoaslng. ' 44 4 Genteel,ia it? Ohl 1 didu'b know,' 'I eaid 41 thought hiu coat must havo been out out oi a Mmuantj ho couldn't button it after ft fiood dinnoy, I'll bo bound.' « Queh a thinfi it v.-na ? Blua oloth and bifaea bultono s»d small tails behind. " * And hia hfeiv bixwhed BO vcry goatoal,' oho continued i (and omollu oo eweet.' »«So wo wont on, and eho Boomed no if ehe would only talk ibafc vvny. I could nob- got hee'to be'grftvo, op think about tho house j not that ovtuing os? any othoe timo wo were togothor. So Hovoi'lot mo bo;jin About.oui? lettling oi anything oerlouo, ii eho could help it' and ono d^y, about a month eftop tho walk, 1 said I thought eho had oomothing oa hit miod-was hot aunt good to her P »' Oli, yes,' oho fesid, ' everybody ma better to he* thau oho daaosved,' _ «i»Well, ootao home with me this evening, I eaid,4 and hav« tea with uo and see what thea'lb eay to the houso; it's ft long time, Bman, Binoe tbw'vo bofln to eee mother. U can't, I can't,* she said, . don't ask mei pot to.night, James, aot to»night._ With that eho burat into tearB, and turn ing from rae°-wo were Juab passing her Buut'a ab tho tlme-aho wavod h#r hand, aud »' That was our laat walk together. .< Nenb morning I oould uot go up veey early, for I had ft pabular job to finish, bub just bofoxo diniios X van oli to her auot a. .Sudan's Hot in,'fihe said. 'Not in, 1 re peated ; 1 whero io she gono ?' "4 Oh, I euppoao b bit of shopping or BomothlBg,' aho oaid j 41 oan'b rightly flay. So X wont round liorao tho other way, ana passed Mi1. Sti'ons'o amaib shop,* the bllnda wow all oloecd, but thoro wao a notiee that a uaw and qtarblintj luveotment was espeetod fsow Itoudon OR tho following Saturday, whluli would bo ro&djr; fof inapeotion oa Monday nsab. I went homo and bad my dinnoe, and b:wk to sny work till about uvo o'olook; and about ftvo mother came to me in tho shop and put ho? hand on my asm, and Bald, looking ae kind and pltitul as eveie woman did,' Jem, dear, have you seen Susan, to-day V , 444No, mother,1 eays 1, turning sharp, . what'0 tho matter V f 44 4 Why, hot aunt's oome to see after her } ehe'a aob bean in since morning, Jem, joa 414 Aud what, mother V I fl«Ot feeling Beared like, . <.4 Her best clothes are gone, and Mrs. Hobbs has heard she was seen early to- day on the road to Lee.' 44 4 What should take Susan to uw ? "4 Well, James Abbott,' said her aunt who had followed my mother Rnd jJas Juat outsldo the door, though I hado t noticed her--' I'm sure ii It'e *11 truo, ib i# quite as strange to me as to you s i never was so took abaob, and I hope you'll throw no blame 0U^For what, Mrs. Hobbi ?' I said}' what's true ? Wbat'a the matter ? 0*n't you tell a, fellow at once, and nob go playing with him, when you've gob him on the hook sura indeed, Mr#. Abbott, I don't like telllug things too suddint like,' she »*ld; 4 bub if James would rather know, no one bftfi a better right, of course, than him. Well, then, they say, that Alberb Strong wont to Lua thla morning, too. Hie ohop s empty, and tho quarter's just up# They Quapoob that they havo been married at Lis. Strong has bean sleeping there, and walking backward and fosward for a fortnight, and they say tho bans muat have been enoa these. She came into a bib of money about a month ago,' ., , 44 4 Monoy J and me never to know I x mOwHW»* *1 Hw M MW¥ §««...*.. _ i them, break every bone In his body, ana bring her safe home bo Mrs# Hobbs. u they are married I'll oome tome to you, mother, I said I'd be yonr son all my life. 11 1 1 . IF "I wtfs not long getting to Lee, but the olerk bad gone out fishing, and the parson had ridden over to Barnstaple. So l climbed to the top of a will and watched till the boats began returning. It had got so dark, I had to wait for the olerk to get a lantern before wo went to the churoh. He- brought out the boob, and there, aura enough, was the marriage: Albert Strong and Susan Turner. Mr. Wrey had married them, and gone to Barnstaple after, the olerk said. I never rpoke n word, and went out of the ohurob, and straight home. "1 went about my work a week or two, and then I felt I had no stomach for it. I must have a change of some sort, and I did not see how to get it, and leave the poor mother, either. I was turning it over in my mind when a groom from Squire' Bissett's rode up, and said a young gentleman in hie yaoht was off Watermouth Bay, and wanted a handy man to do some little work on board at once; bo he, being a friend of mine, enlled to give mo the job. Even this was different from what I had been at in Ilfracorabo, bo I took I'D my wall8t, and told mother not to wait dinner for me; got a lift in a boat au the tide served, and was there in no time. The yaoht wai off Watermouth Island, (you mutt go Rud see that, and tho oavos there, too, young gentlemen, come day; a beautiful trip it is.) Well, I went on board, and Mr. Hamilton himself wan there, and told me st onoe all he wanted done. 1 did it to his satisfaction ; he was Roing up and down and coming baok every now and then, and asking me a queatiou or two. "'Do you know anything above working a ship ?'? said he. ' I've never beou on board one like this, sir,' I said, 'but, of course, I am as muoh at home in our fishing emaoks and guoh like craft, as on land, living always by the sea.' " . And you're a handy man, and can ,gtvo a hand to anything goitg on, I hear,' con tinued Mr. Hamilton. ' And a sober .one, too, whiob is best of all.* . "'Yes, sir, I hope so.' '"And your name's. James Abbot, I think?' "'Yes, sir.' "' Well, Abbot, don't leave the yaoht till I return. You see there's a sold pie and some bread end oheeee there j eat your dinner, and I'll cocao baok,' " In about an hour I hoard hlra coma baok, and Squiro Bassett with him. I could hoar them talking all tho way, ami somehow felt it vvaa about mo. Bo I gob'up and otocd ready, My v/orls v/aa all done and my wallet ovor ray shoulder,- and tho two gentlemen oawo in, trad tho Equira aoddod, and eaid, 1 Good'day, Abbots My friend, Mr. Hamilton, wants a otoady, uooful fellow to yo with him in hia yaoht to tho Mediter ranean ; ho'jj taltou safchoj? a ianoy io you, and e&tne; to inquire of mo,1 " ' The faot io, Abbott,' oaid Mr. Hamilton, . I've had oo muoh trouble \?itu say follows getting drunk, I've U&d; no peace of iny life; own I'vo a now omv. I don't want you to do muoh in working tho veawol; bub u handy man to wait on mo, and talsa ohm-go of things, and to do any carpoatoring requirfid, will suit mo far bGttev than tho drunken valob I had to send off boforo I had had hiui a month,' " Hero wa« juob what I had been longing for i ' And how Ioue should wo bo away, oH*,)' I aekod. "' Eighteen months or two yeara; not more, certaiply,' cald Mr. Hamilton. "?*' I'd like it abovo all thinp, air, an3 I think I,could give you. eatlafaotlon. I'vo my old mother at homo, and I must epoak to hor before I could sivo anything 'ooaitivo of an aaowor.' " ' Where does she livo ?' said Mv. Hamil ton. "' Ob, I know,' said fcho nqutea; ' as leant, say people do; wo can call thiu ovoaiug, ay wo pass through the towu, and dco what Miu Abbott thi&ks; of it*' . « In tho evening Ms. Hamilton euraej ho ehook hands «ith mother, ond very plsaaaafc he was; he talked a good bit, p,nd ho told lies lb ma estraordiaary the' difficulty tliers wau in getting sober moa, oad, with his timaSl orew, it) would bo wadaooa to start if ho oouldn't depend ou thorn. ' Thoy'ro far worse than o»!'«al»,' cayo ho, 4 Pooifcivcly, r monkey after being one© raado drunk will never touch it again, and juot look at raen I' " Well, my dear mother never mado any trouble about my yoUi^, never thought of herself in tho matte?,- . Jim,'alio (Jaid, . J'ua f»r better ploased in my heart, thou that yoa should have stayod at homo m&sriad; to Susan; sho never waa woiilh so muoU aa your little finger,' , , " Well, we otasted in the Isabella. Wo touched at Uahant, off tho coast of Franco, and then across tho B*y of Biscay to Fonol, then Lisbon, Oadia, and Glbsaltor, and up and down tho Mediterranean, uoiaetlmoii staying weeka at one plaoo. I enjoyed it all uncommon; aa.w Mount Voauvina Btnoklng, and often watched it at night; it was nplendid Jo sea the firo rioinfi out of tho crates. However, at laofc tho time oamo foe ua to return homo. I had wi'ltton rcgula? to my mother, and heard oiton from Uor. 1 wasn't sorry when Mr. Hamilton told ua wo wero homevvasd bound. Wo had tho worst storm alt through tho two yca-'a off Clips Fjnisterre, but'our littlo craft weathered It, and we reached Southampton in uafoty two years and ono month oinos vvo left Eogland. " As soou aa Mr. Hamilton Gould sparo mc I was anslous to bo off homo, and I loft very early one Thuraday mosninr;, to catch tho six o olopk Ghvornmsnt train to Jfeotor. I was goiug along tho empty utrootu at r, sharp pace, with a good big bundle on my atiok over my shoulder, whoa, all of a oudden, in a narrow, dirty street, o. ma'J, half wild, rushed out of u mean-looking house, and said: . For heaven's sake, young man, como in hero!' " Now, young gentlemen, when I began my tale, I waa to tell you I had never been frightened but once. Now's the time, " * What for?' said I, stopping short. ". He's hanged himselfl I'm afraid he's dead J For heaven's sake, como and holp.' M X went in after him up tho narrow stair, fiat my bundle down, and followed him nto an empty room. The fire-place pro moted a good way, BO that there waa liko a small room on eaoh side of it, which might be left to different lodgers. Bshind the door, oh a largo hook, a wretohed man had indeed hanged himself. n,C«i you out him down?' said my poor, shivering guide. ' I have not the strength myself.' " . Who are sou V X asked, "' Only a fellow lodger,nigh as bad off aa them; but I came to bring the poor wife a sup of tea, and found him here; then I beard a step, I ran down and saw you ootning along.' " All this waa said in a hurried whisper aa. X got out my knife 3 but I could not seaoh him quite; the hook wee ao high, and tho bit of rope eo short. ' Lsan on me,' said my guide; ' I oould bear your weight for a moment, and you could oateh hold of tho door.' " I got my knee on his back, then one foot on his shoulder to steady myself, while my left arm grasped hold of the door, and I began outting at tho rope, X had out half through, when my frail support tottered, and at the same moment tho door owaysd under me. Dropping my kalfo, 1 clutched at something to reoovor myself; it mm tho dead man, and down X cama to tho ground. " Down X came, and straight atop of me fell the oorpse. ? X had out mora than half through the rope, and the remaining thwarts W . ^ ? IT I ' were not enough to support him when my Bttide lot go, and I caught hold of his coat. Young gentlemen, I wasbrightened then# ?? " Straight upon me fell the dead man* X saw his staring eyes, folfe his cold faoo against mine. The horror of lb wont all through mo shivering my inaide, end I believe X halt* ?? faintedi Whoa I recowrcdoyself we li{tecL< him and laid him fctraigUfc out behind the door, and 1 eat down on the stairs a bit to get my heart again. "'There's no uso telling tbe poor;, wife,' whispered llttlo Pegaon 5 'she- can't live over the day j hotter not toll her. There was a diatreau put in yoGterday, and &U; the - poo? things thoy had wan took from them; - only hoi' bed loft, bb oho could not want it long; soon better days; brought up q^its genteel they was, I; had brought her ft * > cup of tea, bus had no timo to give it her, <" whon I found him there. Would you, la charity, give it while I inform the polios? I'm the oldeai lodger, and it will be expoated < r, of me " I was too late for the sis o'dooktrain, . sol agreed to stay where I was. Eta ?<{ just going down the stairs, when ho turned t> :.s baok suddenly. 'Sir, do you know what >' . brought him to tlvxt/ pointing to; wretohod body,1 and brought them to. their i <' miserablo otato? I oan tell you. ;It>waa nothing but drink. He draak everything;!^ > wifo and child must starve, so ho eould'get> R drop of tho devil's bottle,' . . u , <( Then ho hurriedly left, and takiijte^ f tho tea I wont towsrd tho bed; ' ,(i'..8|'^' " Thoi-o waa a liitlo ohild fast: asleep^, ffiSSfx mother's faca waa hidden, and her arms; f strotohed over tho ohild. At first I thought,- ^ she waa dead, but when I gently, ^ove^.pnV-.ai arm, I board the quick, short breath, £ put j a spoonful of toa in her mouth, and heard it:/' swallowed; I gavo a few move I then^M . turned ova?, uad 1 saw bar fees, Young,,. . gentlemen, it waa poor Suaan, it waa, indeed!! J1 " Her oyc-a wore closed, but eho took ti$J* tea eagerly; it' rofaonhcd hor. She felt for her child, and hor thin fingers moved in^'hii^,.1/. curiy hair, while big teara foil down' 'he* " ' ohooka, ' "Pegaoa carao baok, stopping gently to mo. , "' Hao oho taken all V ho fliid; ' oh,' ^jSa ^ glad. And tho boy csleap ? Yery gbddi' ^ 0 ^, " ' Hor©/ I oafd, taking somo mone^jfrpa'. ^ my packet, . Pogson, go anijl got.'edinqr,f> coma wills, a loaf of broad, a little bratSog,?^ " 'No, no,' ho eaid, 'ohb won't touch never v/ould, poor coul, Ska said eMlihe^.. >( what brandy had brought hitri'to, fend .jWl,^_. would aover wot hor lips with it, wertf jbHo dying eves' no.' 1 7 " ' Then what you think bent j BOftiethtofr '' for tho child, and coma meufc fotf yoiu'Mf,t'T'-u answered. Well, youag ^ gQafclcmoui- Bh&'J i'ccoguiead aao bofoi'o oho dlctl,'and-told bit of hor hlQtos'y. ' It vtv,'i dtink,' cha said,'v * 'that ruiued him. We moved iiboat-from'1:' one town to another,' she said,s ua'd vw«g6t' '?* poorer oad pooros, and the poorel? "wo got'the .' snore ho drank. Oil, JV-weu, how badl^ X,ua' behaved to you, and you 00 kind i - cds'l waB over mioXv nunifmed for hor flirtitw/'f* foolish, doeoifci'ul wayo, jfe'a mo, Aua wk'afe-lf': eould have scon In him, I'm ijukq I've olfcdn'-;: woadored!' ' .V/' " Slio could draw uox1 breath, .Ml#7 I was aftaid oii lie? fjpaabhijj too much. '-Oh,'. , but I'vo tio littio iio).o,' ahe tiaid, * fit) lit tlmo; and X v/tmfc to toll you ell before he -{ comoa hi tifsata.' i " Sho did not know, cud fifeo coula not'683"' 'tha ftbaafty feliiug.lying in that, ugly aoraeW au I diet. X had aoves? sec-ogaUcdhim, 'I , doubt is ovaa Mo orb mother would haw ^ known him aoW. /' , .'.Oh, JamcV' alio eoatinuca, 'Iia' aahamed to ask you, but want oan I do?v I" can't die 5a pcuea and think olf'hio'fathrt , having him !' aad with her thin, t?oinbtt8(f °* haudo tilto pushed has? bo^o curly . -head towarda mo. I pgomirj&d; ,1 v/ould take hiin ? and scav Men as iI he had boea my own, aed 1 oho cried and bloaoed rao. Sho only csid ft £ow words aitsr I had promluod. I took'"1 , him to ohuroh. 'ILuvy, Harry,' chc i;speate v to ehinV that that was hia uamo. I knqlfc .. down and ;;ald, 'Our Father.' ' Ciad bl083yJ you,'who caid, and never Bpoka cgaiai7 -If*'-* an houi1 oi' lio it wau nil ove?. - ; "I got Pogaoa to arrange about}- her11 fuaeral, and DUO V.'ro buvieu fciio easae ©vett"-;'* ingj him and mo lollowed bci* to tho grave,'; .with tho b&by; in my arms, Tasu I snadd-' pool? Peguoa u proaont, pud having that--J wretohod house, v/ent to tko-It lilway Ins,'/' noae the atatian, wkero I waa to otarb from'.' nest raorntog. Mother didn't know-when I [ was coming,-do that oho had not; bean K frightened at mo aot arriving j 1 had only'4 writtoa I would got away BO uooa as Mr.." Hamilton oould agaro mo. :; " I had a good bit to go by eoaoU at the cud but we reaohed XUcacombo nt isst, and ' catching hold of ft boy, I bado hita saa to,'J Mi'o. Abbott, r.nd toll hcv- a calloj; msa told . him to oay JAmsa Abbott would bo r.t home' ! that evening; do I found taothee all ready" on tho look out for mo. Qho looked aurprfssd '; at tho child at fkut. ' It'ti poos Suoao's,^. mothoi1,' I (jaid; ao eho gava him a driok of railkj r.nd thou took hita off with noma-hot"' vvatoiv and bi'oguht hita dov/a ug&ia;, looking ' quite difr'oi'onfc. «. Mia. Hobbs had died whilo X was away, ~ and tho £ov/ irioadu wo had mothoi.' told tham . about Hftvty. But ho gtw up to call hop * Granny and ma fathot' ahvayo, m& ho always i oaid hio name wau Hasty Abbott, and I noves _ eaid aotbing Bgaiuot it. Ho v/a.u aho vaey : imago of hla pooe aiothap, hoe psetty, light'; eui-ly hale and oil { didn't foatuse os xavoui ' hio lathes, oven in & look, and ih&fc; was a; ; oomfort. As bo grow biggc.1, nothing would? pleauo him but tho ooa; and so, whoa ho wan': ! about fifteen, and I had [u lottos fioin Mr.' | Hamilton to (;ay ho had coma into a largo; i psoperty and bad m&ssiea;, a-ad wau B°in8 to ; tako Lady Hamilton (ho wa Hamilton now) & tiip in ono o£ tho bast; yaehtu OVOJ.' builfc} and i£ I had a mind he'd bo glad ol too to go with thata» X apoke to ajothei1, end wo ci^roed to accept, aud i offoifed Havty to' go along with ma. ' [ " So wo tv/o Joined the .Emerald at Do?oa port. X thought it Han'y liked it && W ospeotcd, ho ohould onllQt. OH, baaixl & maa*. of-was aftesvvayd. Wo Vyqso only to bb a yeas away, Ton montha had paesad, t,ad we had loft ,M&dorta; homowavd bound; these . had been a bit of a uquall and » heavy sea running all day, and! had taken a turn of, tho watoh, as I oftoa did to oavo Hasry} he' was growing £ast, and X liked him to get the: morning watch au mush as possible, not to, break his rest, Bo X had just turned in at: eight bollo, (that'u £oue u'clook), and wasc doaing off, whoa I we.a auso I hoard a cry of . Father, father 1' . ,, I "Bafora I could loap out of coy berth, : oame that dreadful aound, . M»a overboard 1'-' " I was up in no timo, and tore along tha deck. Tho yaolit had ho?8 to, go I adzed tho rope they wero jufii going to throw to him, aud plunged in. Tho oua was rising, and it Wfifj quits light, but a heavy aaa on ?till. I eaw hia ourly hoad fobovo the water | as X leaped oveuboawl, and owara for dear life toward him, but tho tea w&is; rough, and they thought oa board ho had struck against' somothing in felling. "I novo? saw my liarry^aeyer saw.his curly head ao mora. Thoy hauled rao back on board, mo»o dead thaa alive, and when. I camo to layeelg again, wo woro plunging, along with a stiff breeze, tea knots an hour* X know we had left Harry miles behind, all aloae in hia watery grave." V Oh, captain," Bald the two SlnolalH. «I am so BQMyr ? -The Argosy^ 7 :. r'f. mm:) 0 