MY MIDNIQHT PERIL' The night of the i7th of Oiober-shall I ever forget its pitchly darkness, tlie roar of tbe autumnal wjnd through thr lonely fdrest, and tbe Incessant down pour of the rain I 'This comes of «hort outs,' I muttered petulantly to myself, as I padded along, keepiug oloso to the trunks of the trees to avoid the ravine, through which I could hear the roar of the turbulent stream forty or fifty feet.bdlow. My blood ran cold as I thought what might be the pos sible consequences of a misstep or a move in the wrong direction. Why had I not been contented to . keep ' in the right road t Hold on ! was that a light, or are my eyes playing me false t I stopped, holding on to the low resi nous boughs of a hemlock tbat grew on the edge of the bank, for it actually seemed that the wind would seize me bodily and hurl me down the precipitous descent It was a light— thank providence— it was a light, and no ignis fattuit to lure me on to destruction and death. ' Halloo-o-o !' ' j My voice ran through the woods like a | clarion. I plunged on through tangled j vines, dense briers and rocky banks, until i gradually nearing, 1 could perceive a ! figure wrapped in an oil-cloth cape, or | cloak, carrying a lantern. As the dim light fell upon bis face I almost recoiled. Would not solitude in the woods be pre ferable to the companionship of this withered, wrinkled old man S But it was too late to recede now. ' What's wanting ?' he snarled, with n peculiar motion of tbe lips that seemed to leave bis yellow teeth all bare. ' I am tost in the woods ; can yon direct me to R ? station I' ' Yes, R ? station is twelve miles from here.' 'Twelve miles 1' I stood aghast 'Yes.' ' Can you tell me of any shelter I could obtain for tbe night I ' ?No.' ' Where are you going !' 'To Draw's, down by tbe maple swamp.' ' Is it a tavern V 'No.' ' Would they take me for tbe night ( 1 could pay them welL' ' His eyes gleamed ; the yellow itumpi stood revealed once more. ' I guess so ; folks do stop there.' 1 It is not far from here V ' Not very ; about half a mile.' ' Then make haste and let us reach it. I am drenched to the skin.' We plodded on, my companion more then keeping pace with me. Presently we left the edge of the ravine, entered what seemed like a trackless wood, and keeping straight on until the lights glenmed fitfully through the wet foliage. It was a ruinous old place, with the windows all drawn to one side, as if tbe foundation had settled, and the pillars of a rude porch nearly rotted away. A woman answered my fellowtra veler's knock. My companion whispered a word or two to her, and she turned to me with smooth, voluble words of wel come. She regretted the poverty of their ac commodation, but I was welcome to them, such as they were. 'Where, is Isaac V demanded my guide. ' He has not come in yet.' I sat down on a wooden bench beside the fire, and ate a few mouthfuls of. bread. 'I should like to retire as soon -as possible,' for my weariness was exces sive. I ,' Certainly.' -,T4y- ( woman . started lip' with alacrity. . -'r- \ ; \\. y . ,\ ? ? j 'Where are yon. going 4b put, him I' asked my guide. ?'? ' Up chamber.' ? , 'Put him ifi'laaitfs room.' ? '$o: ?.?'?, » ' ; ..-.??-'???-, 'i:'' 'It'* the most comfortable.' , ! 'I tell you no I' ' | But here 1 interrupted the whfjpered colloquy. ? ? 'I am not particular— I don't, care, where you lodge me, only make haste. ' \- So I was conducted up a atoep Jaddan that stood id the corner of the room , into an apartment, ceiled with sloping ibeamB and ventilated by pne 'small wi'udow, where a cot bedstead, crowded close against the board jpnrfition, Bid a pine table, 'with two' tor three chairs, formed (the sole attempt! at furniture. The woman set /the light— ate old oil ramp*-onU)et«bl6; ,., % , t : * Anything more, t'cau get you* ah- V . f Nothing,, thank? #&? - , - ' '£ hope you wlU sleep weUVftir. When shall I call you t' ' ' 1 'Atteiir o'clock in the moriung,jityou please. Imust walk over to R ? station in time fur the seven o'clock express.' ' I'll be sure to call you, sir.' Sbe withdrew, leaving me alone in tlie {looniy little apartnieut. I Bat down and looked around me with no very agreeable sensation.' ~ ' I will sit down and write to Alice,' I thought, ' that will soollte my nerves and juiet «e' perhaps.' ^ I descended tlie ladder, the fire still flowing rcdjjrtoa the hearth beneath ; my companion and the woman sat beside it, talking in a low tone, and a third person s^t, af, the table eating-pa sbort, stout, vil lainous rooking than, in a red' flannel shirt, and muddy troueprs. ( ., I asked for writing materials and, re turned to my room to write to my wife. ' ' My dprijpg ,AUw-— ' r . I, pauM ansi b&i; jdoty^ my pen as I concluded the words, balfsmiliug to think what »be would say if she knew of uiy strange quarters. Not till both ehefets were covered did I lay aside my pen and prepare for slum ber. As I folded my paper 1 happened t-'- glance toward the couch. Was it tbe gleam of a human eye ob serving me through the( board partition, or was it m/own fancy 1 ''There was a cmck there, but only blank darkness beyond, yet £ could have sworn that something bad sparkled balefully at me. 1 tookoutmy watch— it was one o'clock. It was scarcely worth while for me to un dress for tbree hours' sleep. I would lie down in my clothes, and snatch wbnt slumber I could. So, placing my valise close to tbe bead of my bed, and barri cading the lockless door with two chairs, 1 extinguished the light and lay down. At first I Mae Terr wakefcl, but gradu ally a soft drowsiness seemed tp stealover me like a misty mantle, until, all of a sudden, some startling electric thrill coursed through my veins, and I sat up, excited and trembling. A luminous softness seemed to' glow through tbe room— no light of the monn and stars was ever so penetrating— and by the little window [ saw Alice, my wife, dressed in Boating garments of white, with lier long golden hair knotted back by n blue ribbon. Apparentlyshe was coming to me with outstretched hands, and eyes full of wild anxious tenderness. I sjn-ang to my feet and Pushed toward her, but as I reached tbe window the fair apparition seemed to vanish into the stormy darkness, and I was left alone. At the self-same instant the sharp report of the pistol sounded. I could see the jagged stream of fire above the pillow straight through tbe very spot where ten minutes since my head had lain. With an instantaneous realization of my danger I swung myself over the edge ot the window, jumping some eight or ton feet into tangled bushes below, and as I crouched there recovering my breath I beard the tramp of footsteps into my room. 'Is he dead?' cried! a voice up. tbe ladder— tbe smooth, deoaitful voioa of the woman with the bandaged eyes. ' Of course he is,' growlea a voice back ; ' that charge would have killed ten men. A light there, quick ; and tell Tom to be ready.' A cold, agonised shudder ran through me. What a den of midnight murderers bad I fallen into ! And how fearfully narrow had been my escape 1 With the speed that only mortal terror and deadly peril can give, I rushed through the woods, now illuminated by a faint glimmer of starlight. I know not what impulse guided my footsteps— I never shall know how many times I crossed my own track, or how close I stood to the brink of the deadly ravine ; but a merciful Providence encompassed me with a guiding and. protecting care, for when the motnifig dawned, with faint, r*d ,&,«? of orient light against the storoiy extern.. sky, I was close to the high road, Home seven miles from R ? . Once at the town, £ told my story to the police, and a detachment was sent with me to the spot. After much searching and many false alarms, 'we succeeded in finding tbe ruin ous old house ; but it was empty— our birds had flown ; nor did I recover my valise and watch and chain, which latter I held left under my pillow ' It's Drew's gang,' said the leader of the police, 'and they've troubled us those two years ' I don't think, though, they'll come back here just at present' Nor did they. But the strangest part of my story is yet to come. Some three weeks subse quently! received a letter from my sister who was with Alice in her English borne —a letter whose intelligence filled me with surprise. '' 'I must tell you something very, very strange,' wrote ray sister, ' that happened on tbe night of the 17th of October. Alice bad not 'been well for sometime; 'in fact ebo had toen confined to her bed for nearly a week, and I was sitting be side her reading. It was late— the clock badjuBt struck one— when all at once she seemed to faint away, growing white and rigid as a corpse. I hastened to call assistance, but-all .efforte to restore ani vmBfioB.ferpi^-vflin. I was just about senuflTgTdr raio* floc'tor, ' when' her Borises returned as suddenly as they had {eft tier, and sMrtittrttp iu the bed,. pushing op* her hair and looking wildly around her. ,' Alice,' I exclaimed,' how you bave terrified us all 1 Are you ill f 'Not ill,' she answered, ' but t feel so strange. Grade, I hnvc been with my husband 1' j .'And ell our reasoning failed to convince her of the impossibility of her assertion, She persists to this moment that she saw you and was with you on the 17th of October—or rather on the morning of the 18tU. 'Where and how eh.o cannot_ tell, but we think it must have boon a dream, She U better now, aud I wish you could see how fast she is improving.' Tbis is my plain, unvarnished tale. I do not pretend to explain or account for its mysteries. I simply relate facts. Lei psychologists unravel tbe labyrinthical skein, i am not supertitions, neither do I believe in ghost, wrait ha or apparitions ; but this thing I do know— that, although, my wife was in England in body on the morning of the 18th of October, her spirit surely stood before nw in New York in the moment of tbe deadly peril that menaced me. it may be th&t; to the sub tle instinot and : strength of a wife's holy love all, things are possible ; but Alice surely saved my life. 