? THEATRE ROYAL. " BLUEBEARD." On Saturday night the Adelaideans were tieated to a rather carelessly cooked dish of burlesque as a sort of dessert after the more solid intellectual refreshments served up at the Theatre Royal during the previous performances. The audience turned up in good force, distributing themselves very fairly over all parts of the house, and evidently came prepared to explode ever anything bearing the most remote resemblance to fun. The relish reserved for them as a special Saturday-night treat was represented as " Reece and Farnie's" most successful burlesque " Bluebeard, or the Heathen Chinee," which "has been played with such snccess in the colonies. Whether the authors of the burlesque can be credited with exactly as it was rendered on Satutday night, barring the localisms, is a question very much open to doubt, as the burlesque seemed to be pretty nearly all " gag and as disconnected as a burst bag of marbles but, notwithstanding that, it took remarkably well in parts and was admirably mounted. The performers to all appearance started in a happygo-lucky fashion, each going on his or her own merits, and only sticking to the text where it came convenient or invention failed. If this wasnotthe case, and the burlesque was rendered as written, then the authorship must have been rather mixed and a good thing spoilt in the making. The makes-up were as picturesquely absurd as any lover of artistically created fun could wish; some of the dresses were brilliant and the mechanical effects very good, especially the " village of Latakai at sunset" and the " dazzling hall of many nuptials." One of the prettiest, most successful, and at the same time most mirth-provoking scenes was that in which whole host of little boys and girls came on the stage dressed in the quaint English costume of a hundred odd years ago, when bag wigs, kneebreeches, flapped waistcoats, quilted petticoats, and ceremonious politeness were the fashion. These old-style youngsters went through an oldfashioned country dance in such a comically grave businesslike way that the whole house was convulsed with laughter, and the children, who were applauded to the echo, were imperatively encored. Another source of success was Mr. F. Thome's "Heathen Chinee"—a performance in which the talent of that gentleman as a comedian is fully displayed. The make-up as a Celestial of the Ah-Sin type was excellent, even to the smile " childlike and bland/' and the peccant propensities of that historical heathen. Mr. Thome also took the part of Corporal Zong-Zong, from which he developed into the childlike Chinee, and mt.de merry at the expense of everybody's risible muscles. The truculent many- wived Bluebeard was rendered by Mr. John Owen, who was very amusing, and displayed little less disposition to go out of the beaten track into the regions of " gag" than the rest. Mr. W. Reynolds developed no end of fun as Ibraham, and Mr. G. P. Carey showed The O'Shacabac—a sort of Oriental-Irish retainer of Bluebeard's—in most ludicrous light. Mrs. G. B. Lewis as Selim, Miss May Vivian as Fatima, and Miss Jessie Dixon as Said brought considerable life and spirit into the burlesque, while the rest of the company, along with those whose duty it was to " stand around and look comical," helped to " hurry up the fun" in their best style. A great deal of the success of " Bluebeard," however, as played on Saturday night, rested upon the way it was mounted and the specialities particularized than upon the dialogue and jokes. Some of the puns were almost as pointless as a stage sword, with an evident savour about them of being impromptu, and there seemed to be a general missing of cues. Apart from these lault8, which may be attributable to a hurried rehearsal, and can be remedied on the repetition of the piece, " Bluebeard" was fairly enjoyable, and might be made more so by a little attention to the text. It is to be given every evening until further notice. Mrs. G. B. Lswis, it is understood, has had this burlesque of "Bluebeard" sent her from England by Miss Lydia Thompson, with the sole right of production in the colonies. WHITE'S ROOMS.—D'Arcy Read's Ghost enter tainment still holds ground at this place of amusement, and is becoming more popular. On Saturday afternoon the room was packed like herrings in a barrel with youngsters and their friends, who viewed without trepidation—in fact with _ genuine enjoyment—the many funny apparitions that followed ene another on the screen in quick succession. In the evening there was also a good house, and the exhibition was frequently greeted with applause. The illusions are very cleverly produced, and were the dialogue a little more lively the attractions of the show would be greatly enhanced. We understand that it is the last week of the entertainment in Adelaide, and that to-night there will be a change of songs. SERIES OF "PEOPLE'S CONCERTS."—On Saturday night there was given in Gouger-street Academy the first of a series of popular entertainments by Buckley's Comic Concert Company. There was a fair attendance, and the songs, dances, and sketches were apparently much enjoyed. The second concert will be given to night. 