A QUEEN OF TEUMPS. BY R. E. FRANCILLON Okaptkk L I hope I shall not forfeit the good opinion of any uenone - minded reader by admitting that I waa, a few years ago, walking along the High Street of Domford in company with the clown of. a travelling circus. I don't know that I havS any ATAtian fn mnlrn fnp it: ornont: fchnf lha alnwD was . himself the moat eerlone-minded man whoim I ever knew. His very name, to my ears has a serious twang — it was Danvers. Hie face, when washed of its painted grin, might have been a bishop's ; outside the ring he seldom spoke, be never made a joke, and I never saw him emile. He was contented enough in the etntion of life to which he had been called, and never even suggested thall in bis person the Hamlet of the age was hidden under a bnehel ; bnt Nature, aa !f to make a joke of her own, had seemed to overwhelm this man with an almost excessive sense of the dignity and responsibility of buffoonery. Nevertheless, I do not mention Mr. Joseph Danvers as, in this respect, at all an exceptional or even nnusnal character. I only wish to impress on the reader how nnlikely it is that aoah a man should have invented a romanoe, or repeated one knowing it to be untrue. Indeed, anybody more destitute of the faculty of invention I never knew— even hie jokea made in the rieg, when not of a practical sort, were invariably second-hand. I was a stranger in the town myself, and was etrnsk at first sight, while I was drinking a glass of beer at one end of the bar of The Bine Dragon and he at the other, with a physiognomy which singled him out as the one -man of., men-Ait to sit for the great Iionl Burleigh m a historical picture 1 waa then painting. I had no difficulty in . .making hie acquaintance at the cost of sixpence, and so it happen en that we walked that eeriou High litreet in company. Presently a handsome open carriage, drawn by a pair of splendid chestnuts, stopped at a draper's. Mr. Danvers suddenly stopped in the middle of the pavement, lifted his hat, and bowed so profoundly, that I- thought he was going to show with what gravity and solemnity a aomeiaanlt is capable of being performed. A lady eat alone in the carriage, and she surprised, me a little by returning this exaggerated salnte with a sweet and friendly emile. I should have taken her for a countess, at least ; and one does not expeot, in places of such strict propriety as Domford, to see oounteBses greet oircoa downs like old friends. In my blind mescaline way, which invariably passes over the more to the lees important points in noticing a women, I foiled to observe bow she was dressed, beyond getting a general impression that it waa qnietly and elegantly. It waa her fooe and bar smile that struck me — the face beautiful, bright, and eager ; the smile gracious, oaim, and happy. It waa impossible to -think of her. as having ever known sorrow or even tronble, though she most have been, pro bably, well on the way towards forty. Her dark grey eyas oonld never have had any team in them, save each as are pleasant to feel. Bnt I waa more surprised still when she beckoned to Mr. Danvers, and took his arm to help her leave the carriage, I thought, indeed, that one of her light and graceful figure leaned upon my new acquain tance a great deal more dloeely than was needful or reasonable — bnt I wronged her, as soon as she reached the pavement, and began to walk, still leaning on' his arm; I aaw that she was lame. ' For a minute, perhaps, they stood talk ing, while I tried to find a way of intro ducing her also into my picture aa the beat foil to my Lord Burleigh that I oonld ever expect to find. Then he threatened her with another somersault, she went into the shop, and we walked on. " Who is that Y' asked L "That," said he, "ill the Qaeen of Trumps." " The Qaeen of Trampe ?" "Tee; whether they're Hearts, Spadea, Clubs, or Diamonds — particularly Hearts and Diamonds. That's abe." "Ah," said I, a little disappointed; "I thought she looked rather ont of the oommon. So that's how abe keepa np her oarriage and pair, eh f " Tee, sir; that's how." I began to think I had lighted upon rather remarkable company, considering that I waa in a straigb t-laoed country town, and made a reaolouon that if Mr. Danven proposed a hand', at toartd for pas lime 1 would refuse. B.owever, I only aaid : "".It'e pity that a pretty woman like that should be lame. Has ahe broken her leg as well as the bank ?' , "On tba contrary, air; It's not a pity at alL It might bave beeo her nsok, Mr. ffiey." " How did it happen 7" ".Well, air, I've only two objeoUons to telling yon. One is that talking'e dry work, and another ia that you won't believe it when ifatold." | I "The first objeotion is easily got over. Aa to the second, Mr. Danven, I oonld not look at yon and donbt the troth of anythiog yon please to tell me. I fannied, for the first time, that I saw a twinkle in one of his eyes. Could it be that he thought a long story waa a good tap to get liqnor out of a greenhorn If so, all the better sitter would he prove for a diplomatist and states man. The npshot was that he gained Ida point, and that I am enabled to tell how and why the Qaeen of Tramps Is lame. At any rate; my readers may believe me, seeing that J, at least, have nothing to gain by telling them what la not absolutely true. If I am asked bow It was that Mr. Danven came to be aoqnainted with all lis details, I can only answer that I don't know, Late one night, Mr. Baymond'e house, near Dnrnford, waa startled by a load clatter of the front door bell. The boon waa foiled Lanoeham, and stood In a large park about five miles from the tome. Mr. Raymond waa an elderly widower of high standing in the oonnty. Hie family consisted, beside the servants, of an unmarried Bister and an only son — a young man of abont three and twenty. It was nearly eleven, that is to say, nearly bed-time, when the bell rang, and Mr. Raymond waa sitting by himself In the library, half dozing and half reading. Who oonld it possibly be at snoh.'an hoar T The Bervante had already gone upstairs ; and Mr. Raymond, ' preferring to faoe any|bnrglar'e stratagem in person, went to the door himself, finding his son already in the hall. He nndid all the fastenings bnt the chain, and found himself faoe to fooe with a tall moustachioed person wrapped np in e long furred and hooded oloak, and with follow oheeke, a long hooked nose, and large black eyes. , " I have met with a terrible aooldent I' he said, not waiting to be spoken to, with a foreign aooent, bnt in good English. " I oome to the first house I find, in the name of charity. I am Prince Neranski. I drive my niece, Princess Helena, in a trap — a oarriage. Wa travel in England, Princess Helena and I. The night ia dark ; the hone bolts — rnnrn. We go into a hedge; the Princess Helena," he olasped his hands in dramatic desperation,, "lies In a swoon- perhaps she is dead ; T oome for help. What are we to do f" Mr. Raymond looked at the stranger with natural suspicion. It seemed odd that a foreign Prinoe and Prinoees should be driving about at midnight, and should get over turned just then and there ; and whatever looked odd looked easpioiona round about Dnrnford. Bnt a till, a prince and a princess cannot, of course, be expected to behave like any ordinary mortals. So, wavering between conflicting chains of reasoning, he aaid nothing. Bat Frank Raymond had no suspicion. There was a young princess, that iB to say, a yonng woman — he felt sure she most be yonng— lying half or quite killed under a carriage, in the middle of the road alone and — - "Do!" he exclaimed at once; "why I'll get ont the pony oarriage in half a minute, and " "Wait a bit I" said his father; "that'e all very well, bnt what then " "Monsieur," said the prinoe, " you ore a noble young man. And, monsieur," hessid to Mr. Rmvmnnrl. hara ia mv oan)— the Prinafi Michael Neranski Gentlemen, monsieur, when they meet, know one another. My nieoe is in dinger, monsieur." Before the simple dignity of the stranger, Mr. Raymond's doubts melted away. Of coarse it takes a gentleman to know a gentleman ; and in each a matter pride demanded that the prince's perception should not be allowed to be more keen that hie own. "Of coarse, of course," he said. Yes, Frank, go and look after the young lady, and do all that need be done. I'll ring np some of the servants, and etey np till yon oome book again," Frank Raymond had ont the pony- carriage without help, and guided by the prince, who eat silently wringing hie hands, found the overturned oarriage close to a aide entranoe of the park, not three minutes drive from the stable. He leaped down, and there, sore enough, he found a young and beanbfnl girl lying in a dead swoon. Even so, and while her eyes were dosed Is temporary death, he thought her the most beautiful girl he had ever Been— and he might fairly have thought the same even had hie experience been much leas limited. She seemed to be no more than abont seventeen or eighteen, with a figure of singular grace ; she seBmed even to have overturned gracefully. She was fair, and with features eo delicate in form as to be independent of now absent oolour and expression to make them lovely. He raised her gently and tenderly in arms that would not have fonnd six times her fairy-like weight hard to oarry, and laid her in the osrriage. suddenly ahe opened her eyes, and moaned slightly. Those eyee went throngh bim— the moan sank into him. "Ah, she lives!" cried the prinoe; Heaven be praised !" "Where are you hortt" asked Frank. " Do you feel pain I" "What baa happened" she asked in a voice worthy of the eyes, and even a purer accent than her uncle. " My ankle — I am in pain there; I am in pain every where." "We most take her to the house at onoe," aaid Frank, taking fall advantage of the discretion bis father had given him. " My annt will see to her till a doctor oomes. Yon must be onr guests lor to- night, I am afraid— that it to eay I am glad that " " How can I thank yon enough " said the prinoe seizing Frank by the hand. "Bnt alas ! I fear I meet refuBe. It is of the last importance that we reach Dnrnford to night, and Dover to-morrow, and Monsieur, I most be frank with yon. It is on public affairs that I am in England, and delay is Impossible ; simply impossible. Ah, yC>a know not in England what are pnblio Bu't by this time they were at the house, thongh Frank had led the pony over the emoothe.it tori, eo that the girl might enffer no avoidable pun. Brought into the lighted h.ii they conld see at onoe that she was a foreign lady— that la to say, she was not an English one ; for in spite of her beanty and herdreaa. there was an air abont her, even as ehe lsy speeohleea and pweive thfo does not belong to English drawing rooms, thongh nobody oonld have told wherein it lay. „ lr IL Happily no bones were broken ; Indeed, the surgeon oonld discover no sigos of any serious external injury. But the next morning, when ahe tried to rise, ehe com- plained of snoh excruciating pain in her .nlfls that she was obliged to give np the attempt, and soon afterwards Bncb intense headache came on aa to make her wander in her mind, ao that the aorgeon began to feer eeriona injury to the brain. To move her for the present was abso lutely ont of the question for anybody of ordinary hospitality who had a room m las house to spare. Mies Raymond dearly loved a siok bed, and to nurse a prmoeee waa aoarcely even a strata upon her good nature _ But what was to bo done 1 pnnoe waa literally in despair. It wonld be fatal for him to lose another day. Pnblio affairs are supposed to know nothing of a girle sprains or braine. There waa no help tor it after a long consultation with Mr. Raymond be waa compelled to submit to hia boat, and to leave his nieoe at Lanoeham till he oonld oome back aod fetch her. After a private parting with the Priooeae Helena, ha took hie leave, with a profusion of digoilied gratitude, for Dnrnturd and Dover. Helena ! Sorely it waa the sweetest and loveliest name in the world, aod it waa borne by the sweetest and loveliest of girls. Frank Raymond, . aa ahe grew gradually stronger, thought her and her nameloveiieraod sweeter still. Life grew np around her in the qniet home at Lanoeham, where nothing had seemed really to live until she —me He waa by no mesne a romantic yonng man, nor were his testes ol a par tionlariy domestic kind; but how he began tobang about the house, and to dread the day when her unole should return to claim Heleua the heart wonld seem to go ont of life when that day came. Bat meanwhile, though ahe grew atrong enough to sit on the drawing- room »o fa lor some hoars every day, she did not get well. The doctor oonld only suspect from her weakness that some internal shock jyd prostrated her. And ao ten days at least passed by, when at last, one afternoon, Miss Raymond had some shopping to do in Dnrnford, Mr. Raymond waa away at a magistrate's meeting, and Frank, instead of riding as usual, went into the drawing- room to get a book, and for the first time fonnd Helena alone ; and for a moment he felt as shy as if he had expected to find the room empty. "I hope— I hope yon are belter to day" he asked. Bnt this hope waa a lie ; if any body ever hoped in hie heart that a girl whom one loves wonld never get well again, it was he. "Why," he exclaimed enddenly, "yon are better" for, for the first time since ahe had been in the house, ahe was standing np, and he felt glad and eorry together. And when he looked at her again he saw more colour in her cheeke than even health wonld be likely to give her. "I — I suppose I am, a little. I wbb trying to walk," she said, sinking down again upon her sofa. "Bnt, indeed, yon most not try nntil yon oan. The doctor says : ' Perfect rest till yon are welL' Of oonrse, yon most be awfully tired of Lanoeham — yon must find it awfully dnll. Is there nothing I can do for yon 1 Do yon like reading, or chess, or music There might be Bomethiog I oan help yon to do. We mast not let yon get bored." "I dull hero T" "Why not Yon must be, 1 am often — now." He waa thinking of the dnlnesa of the days that wonld follow when Helena w as gone. She seemed to oolonr again. "May I ask yon to do jnet one thing" ehe asked. "H yon wonld 1" "It's — its n thing I've often wanted to say. I want yon, none of yon, to be too good to me." Nobody on earth can be good enongb to yon," he said, flashing np himself, for he felt as if he bad spoken more boldly to a woman than any man had ever spoken to one before. At Dnrnford, and more par ticularly at Lanoeham, people keep yonng for long. "I mean, what else oonld we have done for any oommon stranger than what we have done for yon" " Yea ; bnt — Oh, Mr. Raymond I'm ashamed of being ao happy aa— while I have been here. I moat say it — yon have jnet let me test; yon have jnet let me lie down. When I go, please remember that I said that — that I can never cease to love and be grateful to yon and yonra. Oh, if I oonld do anything to show it, I wonld with all my heart aed eonL" " Sorely, Barely, princess," he eald eagerly, "what on earth have yon to be grateful for 7 One wonld drink we have done yon a servioe, instead of your having done ns one; don't yon know how glad I— we all are to have yon here Why, you talk as if your whole lite had been wretohed instead of bright and beautiful, aa it moat have been. Yes ; yon will forget ns soon enough with our doll ways ; bnt do yon think we shall ever forget yon!" " So yon call my life bright and beantifnl, and that I have known eo much kindness that — that yonro does not make me aehamed! Oh, Mr. Raymond," ehe said, seeming to lose herself in an noooDtroIlable impnlse, and with the tears full in her eyes, " I never knew there were each people in the world." "Dear, dear Helena," he said, fearing that her mind was beginning to wander again, " Whv did von try to move just now ! I'm afraid it has done yon harm. For Heaven's aafce lie down again. I won't talk to yuu ; Fll only sit here a little longer, if yon'll let me. Only lie down and rest; it is abenrd to talk abont bring grateful to people who love yon, and yet have done no more for yon, than what anyone wonld do for anyone. Oh. if I oonld only do some real something for yon." " Yon want to— for me !" " Heaven knows I do." " Then, she said, I will ask yon to do something that is impossible." " Nothing shall be impossible." " Then, whatever happene — when yon think ill of me— when I do ill — don't think me ungrateful or that " " Helena, what in the name of Heaven do yon mean! Yon do ill? That ie the only impossible thing that there ie In the wofld." "Promise me that. I mast ask yon that, whatever happens. Promise me. Don't epoil my laat days. I shall soon be gone now. Soon I What do yon mean by soon f ' " 1 don't know. Any time. Whenever my uncle oomeB, or sends for me, I moat go. Won't yon promise me even to try ?' The yonng man's whole heart was going ont to ber. It was almost like a parting ; and her words, in epite of his love for her, made him afraid — and he had seen tears in her eyes. " 1 don't know what on earth yon mean," he said. " Bnt I do promise — to love yon, and yon only, with all my heart and soul. Helena, don't yon know what yon are to me f Weak as she was, she almost started to her feet again. " Hush 1" eke almost moaned. " Yon don't know what yon are saying — never think it, never dream it. Yon don't know, and I oan't tell yon ; and if yon knew, yon wonld — and I mnat go. For Heaven's sake, promise what I have asked yon, and nothing more." " Helena 1 Do yon enppoBe — of oonrse, I didn't think yon oonld care for me — a prinoesa, and yon— only I couldn't help my heart's coming ont. It would, in spite of me." "A princesi!" she said with eooro. "That ie the ene cruel thing yon have ever said to me or. done. Dear Mr. Raymond, don't oare for1 me ; only don't think me nngratefol; don't think me not sorry, not ashamed — that'i all" She Beized hie hand enddenly, and, before he could hold here, he felt her lips, olose and burning, upon his fingers. Then ehe turned round upon for sofa, set her fooe to the. wall, and aaid,;" Good-bye." And in snoh a way she said it that a far older and more experienced lover would not have known what to eay or do. : CHAPTEB IIL All kinds of etrange and jealons thoughts crowded the heart of Frank Raymond after he left her, having in vain tried to wring from her another ward. Of course he oonld understand thit his love for an angel abonld not be easily returned ; bnt hope need not have been borm in order to die. " PsrhapB," he thought (utterly, " I was mad to speak to her. No donbt there is some prinoe in her own ; oonntry ; bnt then" — and hope retorntd to him — "did she apeak as if that were so, or did ehe not rather ory oui against life, as if ahe were being oompellm to give her hand without htr heart in it?"l He thought that he /knew enongb abont jforelgn ways ti know that in every oonotry: save England girls do not marry for lovq, bnt for money or rank, or because their pe rente bid them. In that case, he wonld strike at least one good stroke for ber became h< loved ber. When the prinoe oame beck, be wonld go to him boldly and tall him all ; ajid if he foiled with the prinoe, Helena should j not be made miserable nntil hia life was sjnut ie her cause. And then, at last, she might learn to be a little grateful to him for something, instead of for nothing. The very reeolve geve him strength, and the hope that comts therefrom, and he still felt ber kiss upon his band. The invalid dined alone npetairs, and went to bed early, under the oare of Miss Raymond, Mr. Raymond occasionally playing a rubber of piquet wi.h her befure ahe retired. More observant people wonld have notioed that, for a presumably well educated Rnseiao prinoees, ahe waa ex ceptionally ill-informed ; never read books, never spoke of tbem, end seemed to know nothing of them ; bnt that she showed an extraordinary knowledge of horseflesh, and a singular proficiency in all games of cards. Nor did she ever speak of her (net or of her relations. But the only Raymond who observed her. carefully was in love with her: the others were not likely to fiud fault with her for loving horses or for not ioviog books: as to her past, she was a princess ; and her skill et cards was iu ou way noteworthy, as it was wasted upon an elderly gentleman who played for love only — in foe cord-playing sense of that maoy- mfoninged word. Tina eveoiog, huwever, abe lost both games, even thongh abe held especially good hands. No doubt abe waa tired, mid Miss Raymond sent her off to bed earlier than asaak She lay awake till foe heard foe village alock chime twelve. Theo, at the last stroke, ehe sprang from her bed as if, of being a prostrate invalid, ahe was as strong and aotive as a girl oonld be. She harried on a dress whioh abe took from her travelling-trunk— a plain cotton drees and straw bonnet, snoh aa a servant might wear — moving abont with noiseless activity. Then ehe left her room, looked the door, turned the key, and with a dark lantern — also taken from the name trunk — in her hand, went quickly down stairs, with no sign of weakness, fatigue, or pain. She went into Mr. Raymond's stady, ehntting the door behind her, and as dexteronsly as a professional burglar, opened with a picklock a wooden oheet standing in a corner. Without mnch search ehe took ont a slip of paper, pnt it carefully into her pocket, reolosed the box, left foe room, relocked the door, and returned to her own room as noiselessly as she had oome. Stairs are given to ory ont when trodden npon. at ele9p-time ; bnt if she had been a ghost, foey conld not have been more silent under her feet. Her next proceeding was, for an invalid, even more remarkable. She opened the window, which was high above the lawn, and did what not only few strong and active men, bnt few trained gymnasts, oonld do. Gathering np her skirts, and seonring tbem ronnd her waist, she took a firm grasp of the lowest bar of an iron frame for flower pots, and let herself down outside foe window ao as to swing freely, holding np her whole weight by one hand only. Poshing herself from the wall with her feet so ae to give herself ao impnlse, she swung backward and forward, pendulum - wise, for a few seoonds ; and then, when motion had resohed its highest possible pitch, ehe threw her feet and her free hand forward to their utmost roach, let the bar go from her other hand, and caught with both feet and both hands at once a lightning rod, down which she went, in a way between eliding aod olimblng, to the gronnd. One wonldhsve thought that only the nature of an ape, or the second natnre of an acrobat, oonld have per formed a feat carried Oct eo easily as well as safely by a prinoess who had been eoaroely able to rise from the eofa a few honra ago. After thia, to climb the park wail into foe road ia not worth mentioning, were it not that as soon as ahe was olear of it ahe knelt down and kissed the wall. Bat perhaps even more remarkable than her climb was her speed In covering the five long miles that lay between Lanoeham, and Dnrnford. Bat she did not go into the town ; she went into a field, whence a large canvas tent rose np, looking in the moon light like a huge heap of enow, with a number of vane and caravans lying hard by. At the door of one of the latter foe tapped lightly. It was opened by a solemn-looking I man in a nightcap, '.whoetartedjwben he saw her. " So It's you aome back again, Polly !" he said. " 1 never thought anything wonld make ms so glad again, after yon went away. I hope, thongh, yon've come to no harm f he asked anxiously, ex amining her faoe with the help of a flaring candle, " I ehali go right off and kill some body If yon oome to barm. I did thiok yon wouldn't tnrn out like — well, jnBt like the rest of 'em." " No, no ; I'm all right. What harm shonld I come to ?" "And there it just iB — yuu don't knowr But yon haven't— ih! No; it's all right- I see, wherever you've been. Bnt what'l1 the governor say ? He'a in a terrible rage ; and I know it, for he's never even asked after yon. Bnt never yon mind, my girL I've been meaning to be off myself some day, ever since yon've beeo gone, and if yon get turned off I'll get tnrned off too." " Yon've always been good to me, Danvers, ever since I can remember," ehe arid, bnt in a tone of whioh the kindness most have frozen him, if he oared for her In any way bnt a father's. " I don't know how I should have got on at all withont yon. Bnt never mind that now. Where's Mr. Seymour !" "The governor? Who knows where he is, when he isn't at home ? Bat don't yon want something to eat, Polly! I oan get hold of a bit o! cold beef somewhere, and I didn't finish my own beer. I tell yon yon'll find things here in a bad way just now." " Well, good-night then. I'm not hungry ; bat I'll try and get to eleep somewhere. When yon see Mr. Seymonr, tell him I've come back, and it's all right ; mind and sty it's all right ; he'll know what I mean. Good-night, Danvers." Bnt thongh he held ont his hand to her, she did not give him hers. The show, where the Prinoees Helena Neranski Beamed better known as Polly, did not appear to be a very flourishing concern. The delicate invalid fonnd an nnoomfortable corner in one of the caravans, and lay down without undressing, in sorry plight after ber experience of the luxuries of Laoceham, where Blie had been treated aa a princess indeed. Bnt loug after dawn abe fell asleep ; and when she woke, and had changed her ser vant's clothes for those of her every-day life, ehe felt as if Lanceham had been a dream, and last night a nightmare. She wsb croseing the field, no-whither in particular, when : "Oh, there yon are 1" said Prince Michael Neranski. " Well f be asked, half sternly, half anxiously. She pnt her hand into her boeom, and handed him the document ehe bad stolen. He looked at it carefully and eagerly. " By the Lord Harry 1" he bnrat ont, with an oath which I refrain from quoting accurately. "Bntycn're a clever girl I knew yon were — I knew yon'd do it. aa soon aa I saw yon in yonr fine clothee ; and I'd have laid ten thousand pounds to one on it, and I'd have won. I mnet give yon a kiss for that, Polly, aa I'm a living man. Why, what's come to yon, that yon look as if I'd aaid I mnat knook yon down ? Yon mustn't be so particular. Bnt never mind ; here's tbe thing, sure enongb, and yonr mother's name's aa clean aa a whistle." Somehow thia man, with his foal face and looks, and bia coarse speech, had never seemed completely odions to her before. Was it he or abe who had changed since foe carriage was overturned " Yes," he went on ; " and yon can crow over the lot of them now. Bnt how did yon manage to do it so quick ? I didn't expect yon back for another week to oome. Yon did the ankle dodge aa if yon'd been sprain- ing yourself all over Binoe yon were born. I was half afraid the doctors wonld have been toomnch for yon ; I own foe dootor frightened me. How did yon manage it ao soon 1 We can't talk mnch now! foraasoonaa Daovers told me yon were baok, I had yon pnt npfor the Qaeen of Trapezia, jnet arrived from Samareaad ; and yon'll have to get ready for the morning performance at two. There's foe bill." " I coold have pnt my hand on it," ahe said, "days ego. I found it foe seventh night of my search." "Why didn't yon, then" be caked sharply. ' Because— because I was at rest, and happy. 1 had never known what it meant before.". "If yon were ao happy there, 1 wonder yon didn't stay on." " I oonld not have stayed one night more — not one hoar. Bnt that's nothing to yon. Are yon satisfied t" "I'm hanged if loan make ont what'e come to yon to- day, Folly, yon're ao etnek-np and gluin. Went of exercise, i suppose. You'd better take an hoar before tbe perfor- maooe, to get back iulo trim. Yea ; I'm satisfied. Be -off with yon, and oome back to me at half past three. We'll talk theo : I'm late, and I've got everything to attend to." Tbe girl went away, and waa miserable. A deep discontent growing ont of herae:f, and not out of oirouaistauce, was upon her. It had seemed bo eituu'e and natural — so umufliQg, even — fco LtJi in with a scheme which, sbe wm told, would tell her who the mother, whom ehe dimly remembered, bed been, end would prove ber&elf; to be a reel lady. She bed thought it very kind of Mr. £> ymour to toko eo much trouble lor her aa to dree her op lor a princess, mod contrive her entrance into the house where, she waa informed, tbe magiual document would be found ishe was something more than a born actreo, T feer : a horn actreao, whoee true etage 1 th&t; of the world, with very real water, hansom cbs, dupes, and knaves. Had the dramatist of the seventeenth oen tury beau entroaied with the making of the world, she woald aasnredly bave been one of the world's heroines. But now all the flavour of it had gone. Eveo if foe had not realty wronged tbe Raymonds, who had been ao kind (o her, awl hod o innpeentty believed in her, abe felt as if she had wronged them in a deeper way than can be measured by money. And then Frank's love-madness — that he ahoald throw it away npon her now, and hate her if he ever came to know all, made her feel heart-broken. It seemed to signify nothing any more that she was a mere waif of a show, nameless and friendless : it seemed ao idle now to want to think of herself as a lady, or to care to know the names of a dead lather sni mother. She had satisfied Mr. Sey mour with a new proof her cleverness, and he would probably show her the contents of the paper — probably give it her ; and then ahe wonld eay thank yon, and go baok to her trapeze with aa light a weight as ever, exospt in that heart whioh weighs ao little, and therefore — everything. Then ahe thought : " What oould it all have concerned Mr. Seymonr What did her ladyship, or non-ladyship, signify to hlml" The thought had not struck her before ; bnt now, seeing him with her new eyee, ahe oonld not help wondering. Conld she have really injured foe Raymonds, after ail T She felt that ahe ought to have killed herself sooner. Of right and wrong ahe knew nothing ; bnt it may be token that the instinct of gratitude ia strongest always among savages, and weakens aa we rise, until, indeed, we reach foe highest point of alt And foe owed foe Baymonda mors than a few days' rest : foe owed them more than ahe knew. But, thongh ehe oould not know, ahe oonld feel. With a heavy and anxious heart nnder her royal robee (very tight and pink, each as the queens of Trapezia wear), ahe went to her master's private caravan a few minntea before half-past three. "Folly eaid he, "take a olialr to the footlights. Yon see thia bit of paper. W haul yon give me for it, please 1 A kiae, you'll aayl No, no; that won't do, thia time. Yon wouldn't when I asked yon, and it's too lata now, In money, I mean. Business iB bad, and I most get what I can." " Yon mean to tell me that yon most ont down foe salaries T Very well," ahe (aid, feelieg as indifferent aa ahe seemed. "I shall be sorry for Danven, thongh. Yon had bettor keep hia np, and ont me down doable." "Danvers be banged 1 Salary, indeed I I'm going to (ell yon thii little bit of paper for ten thousand pounds." She opened her eyet wide. "To whom I" "To yon." "What " "Listen to me. It's the law, yon know, that if a man has a child and a yonnger brother, and dies withont a will, the ohrld gets all foe land and all tbe money. That'e quite clear. Well, yonr father, Polly, waa a very rioh man, and a vary great fool. He married a home-rider at Astley'e. I remem ber her, and him. Oh, yea, he married her : that'e all right enough. Didn't I tell yon he was a fool 1 Bnt he had a brother, who waa a bigger fool atifi. The elder fool wanted to undo hia marriage, and his wife, who mnat have been a born idiot, was afraid he'd get hold of the certificate aod destroy it, Bo what does ehe do bnt give the doonment, for Bafety, to the younger brother— juat the man who had more reason to destroy it than any body ; unless, indeed, he'd keep it for awhile to keep his brother from marrying again ; which, of oonrse, it wonld do, and then, if anything happened to yonr mother's child, he'd be all right. Perhaps that waa his game ; and if it was, perhaps I called him a fool too soon. Bnt he'd be hinder to yonr mother than her husband had bean, and bo perhaps ahe trusted him. Do yon nnder- stand" "Yes," said abe. "The elder brother married, and had a child, and foe gave the yonnger brother her marriage-linee to keep safe for her." " That's the whole story In a word. Yob, Polly, yon're a olever girl ; and I'm not anre I won't marry yon before I've done. Well, things went on, and when the ohild was abont twelve months old, the mother oooldn't stand it, and ant and ran. No; Folly— not with anybody. She came back to the old life for a living, aod told me her atory. I soon saw what yon were fit for, and, thahkatome, yon've paid me for your keep long ago. But, yon eee, bnaineaa is bad, and yon might break yonr back, or yonr leg, or something, or marry, or anything. Of oonrse I thought of all that when I took yon in ; bat I laid my plana." " Well, Mr. Seymonr!" " Well, I'm coming to it, aren't I ? Yonr mother died ; but of coarse I oonld make no move in yonr interest yet awhile. I had to wait till yonr father died, abont two years ago ; and then — there's not a fool will believe it — bis brother oame ont strong sb a fool. He positively advertised for his brother's heir." " Formal And you Baid nothing 1" " Oh, yee, I did ; I went to the lawyer, and so I came to know that the marriage- lines, as you call them, wore all alive. That was his folly : he ought to have bnrned those lines. But take my word for it, Polly; when a man's a fool he'a always a rascal. And so, not being quite a .fool myself, I managed at last to see throngh his game. He was pretty sore the child was dead, or else, thought he, it would have tnrned np long ago. Bnt, he gooa on thinking, people shan't say, whatever happens. If the ohild doaea't turn up, the papers no nae to anybody, even if it isn't destroyed. If a child does torn np, I'll ehallsnge her to prove her claim ; and I know ahe won't be able, beoanse all bar evidenoe is safe in my own hands ; and if the worst oomes to the worst, I can destroy it then. Of oonrse he wouldn't have signed like this if he hado't been fool as well as rascal; bnt then he is a fooL Do yon Bee?" " Yes," said she. " I conld take from Mr. Raymond all he has, if I have those lines." " Well, women aren't fools — at least, not always. Yon're not one, anyhow. There's the whole story in one word again. And now yon see why I wanted yon to get hold of those lines. And now, Miss Mary Raymond, yon see why it's worth yonr while to bay 'em of me for twenty thousand pounds; and they're cheap at foe money." " And suppose I were snoh a fool si not to use them " " Then I should; or else I oonld sell them back to old Raymond for pretty near as much aa 1 oonld get from yon." " And suppose I were to die f " My dear Polly, don't waste time talking nonsense. If yon died, do yon suppose I oonld lay hands on yonr sister f " Had I a sister V "All women are eistera — they're all daughters of Eve. I mean 1 oonld lay my hand on twenty nieoee of old Baymond for a five-ponnd-note apiece — and prove it, too — till I'd sold foe old fellow back his line." " And if the lines were lost, then T " Why, then, of coarse, we shonld be done, Bnt that's the only chance that isn't In the game." " May I look at them?" "There they are." "Thank yon, Mr. Seymonr. Then now we are done ; and aerve ns right too. Do yon think I'll rob foe only people who have over been en kind to me of a farthing! Not L If yon want your money, yon'll have to look for it in the fire." She thrust the paper between her tonic and her breast, folded ber arms over it ie her most tbestriosl way, and looked at bias defisetiy. He smiled, thongh a little ner vously. " Gome," he aaid, " a joke's a joke, Miss Polly. Give ms back tbat thing. It'll be time for yon to be on." 1 mean to destroy tha linea before leleep — and it'a no juke at all. Thank yon for yonr story, air," abe aaid with aonrteay ; I learned a great deal at Lanoeham, aod now I have learned a great deal more." " I eoppoae yon think yon oan use it yonr- self, aud get Lanoeham withont "paying me for my tronble— is that what yon mean, eL 1" " I mean what I have said, Mr. Seymonr. Of course I don't expeot you to understand." 11 By tbe Lord Harry" — ' I stereotype my rendering of his oaths — "I understand that you're a fooL Give me back that paper, or it'll be tbe worse lor you." " I won't." "Then yon shall. Now, Miss Polly, we'll see which ia strongest, if yuu please." Uelure ehe could reach it he rue to the door and looked it, plaoing himself between it ber. She turned pale ; but her four was less for berstlf than for her paper. How oonld she make away with it in this tireless room with a man driven on by gold-honger ready to tear ttfannbpr: And jrtrt? wpbW rrthet bo wonld kill her than yield. She looked wildly at the window, bnt it was too narrow even for her to leap throngh. He oame nearer, eonvinoed by this time that what seemed to him her inconceivable madness was no child's play, and that ahe was as thoroughly in earnest aa he. And he waa frightfully in earnest, for she did not know how every sort of evil coarse had made riehes of less need to him than safety from worse than rain. His hand waa npon her, when a boy knooked at tbe door and called: "Miss Polly's wanted in the ring." He swore nnder bia breath — there wae nothing for it now bat to open tbe door and let her go, or ehe wonld in foe next minnts have been eaarohed for high and low. For the moment, at least, foe -waa safe, and ahe darted ont with her band covering her treasure. And surely things wonld go strangely indeed if ehe did not contrive to make array with foe paper before she aaw Mr. Seymonr again ; and then he might punish her as he pleased. She woald have done something to deserve Frank Baymond'e love, after alL No agitation, however, affeotad hands and eyes that were more at home iu mld-alr than most people's are on firm gronnd. Seymonr watohed her balance herself on the wire, and earned, at last, his own folly In expecting oommon-aenae from a woman. What waa he to do I He bad been preparing thia coup ever since foe girl was two years old. He had trained her for it, both physically and morally ; and now, for a woman's oapri clous obstinacy, it waa in the very moment of triumph, to fail. That, at least, mnat not be ; and yet In her present mood ahe was obvi ously ready to make away with the doonment somehow, even before ahe left the ring. What was he to do ? for he felt desperate uolesa something oonld be done. Meanwhile the performance grew more and more exciting, for every minute the danger of the performer was increasing. There were na nets in country shows in those days, and every spectator might enjoy the hope of see ing somebody killed. Presently the Qaeen of Trapezia began to exercise npon tbe national maehine of her native land. Slowly and thoughtfully Seymonr climbed a ladder used by the carpenters for, among various purposes, letting down and arranging the ropes she used. Those were suspended from a falsa roof, whioh left a apace of a few yards between it and foe canvas on whioh two or three men might stand, and where one of them might look down into the riog throngh a central passage for foe ropes and pulleys. It was rather a nervous perch for moot people, for the edges of tbe platform were nnrailed, and it shook every now and then with foe movements of foe performer below. Sey monr, thongh unnsed to climbing, waa jnat now, however, too absorbed in his msatsl perils to thiok of bodily ones. He lay down on the platform with hia faoe over tbe hole, steadying himself by grasping foe edge in front with foe fingers of one hand. He fluttered himself with having hit on a grand idea. He had Been how pale the girl tnrned when be bad threatened her a few minutes ago, and therein he read that he had at any rate one strong influence left over her. When, In the oonrse of her flight ehe reached the trapeze immediately below the hole, he palled -the rope hard upward, so aa enddenly to arrest its swing, and, ae she turned np her face to find foe reason of snoh an accident, whispered down to her : " Hold on by one hand, take ont that paper, and let it fall." She raised herself np qnietly, and stood with her feet in the trapeze, holding the rope with both hands— that ia to say, in as mnch safety as one oan be in mid -air, with a sheer fail below. Tbe nudienoe naturally thought she waa resting before beginning some new and more wonderful flight ; those In the ring thought moch the same. " No," aaid foe. "Listen bard, Polly," he whispered again ; " there's no time to lose. I mean to have that paper. Down with it," he breathed rather than whispered, "or down 8"No!" " Do yon want to go head first down Into the ring! Think how it will leeb I oan send yon down in one moment, and not a eool will be foe wiser, and I mean it. Now, do yon want to go f ' "No." "Then save yonraelf." Hie faoe, though she oonld not see it, was so dose that she felt hie breath in her ear ; and ahe had oome to soora (he man ao utterly ee to believe him oapable of even (hie last desperate deed. It was no idle threat to ber mind. Her heart beat fast, and for the first time in her life, her eyes began to glaze and her brain to reel. Bnt atiil she eaid : "No." " Then— onoe— twice " She drew the paper from her bosom, holding the rope with one hand only, and began to tear off pieces with her teeth and ewellow them hastily. It was too much for a man, enraged info disappointment end desperation, to beer. Ungovernable impnlse made him open bis knife. " Thrioe 1 " eaid he, with the voioe of the fiend that woe in him. "No!" ehe cried, knowing with all her life whet her death wee going to be. Down ahe went, rope end all. Chaftks IV. The Prinoees Helena bed walked fast to Dnrnford, bnt not fester then the footsteps -that followed her. Is a men in love neaeteerily the fool that Mr. Seymonr wonld have called him for liking to watch foe window of some body else's bedroom instead of going to sleep in hia own! If eo, who has always been wise! Frank Raymond, therefore, saw what sleep hid from the eyes of wisdom. Bnt, afraid of he knew not what terrible tronble to the strange creature whom he was unhappy enough to love, he dared not interfere with her escape from the wall ehe kieeed nntil, unseen himself, he oonld unravel the meaning and the end of it ell — wrong of Helena even now he oonld not, or rather would not, believe. He treoed ber to foe circns tent, and lost her ; bnt the next day, letting any confusion that might ensne at home take its chanoe for e few honra, he oontented him- eelf with sending a message to Lanoeham, bidding them wait patiently till evening for newe of himself end the prinoees, and went baok to foe field. There he had bnt little trouble in iodentifylng the advertised qneen from Samarcand with her whom he waa seeking. It was Barely eoongh to madden a man, or to oare e men of madness, onoe for ell. Bnt even eo, when he thonght of her last .words to him, he oonld not bring himself to believe; in epite of mason, that any oommonplaoe fraud bad been committed, thongh the prinoees had turned ont to be a ahe-aorobat, and that fine-mannered prince, her ancle, a travelling drons-maatar. And, eveo were it a frand, he mnat aee her once more alone, if only to prevent exposure end pnblio eoandil. He aat back among tbe spectators till the end of her performance gave him foe chance of speaking to her. I have never tried is myself, and yet, when I shut my eyea, and try to pnt myself in the plaoa of a man who aeea a woman whom he loves or has loved flying in mid-air, and with tha abomination of aooh ananas about her — the dreaa ehe wears, the wretched jeecs beneath, tbe vnlgtr iqet for bodily emotion letting llaelt out in nnogry applause around— I ao aioken at my own fanoy that I opeo my eyea again. Frank Raymond still lives, and ia aane, though he aaw all thia with open eyea— even now 1 do not euvy him all hia drtaina. And then tbe ill-omened pa nae in her flight — the fall— — Hia quiet oonntry life most have given him stronger and healthier nervea than moat of ae oan boaat of owning. After all, sadden shocks that call tor instant help are not bad things tor nerves that have anythiog in them at ail. Almost before her body touohed the earth Frank waa by ber in tbe ring raising her on one side— Danvers on foe other. I am hardly sore bnt that, swift as was ber flight, hie arm wsb half noder almost before ehe fell. There she lay, stiff aod shattered, held up by tbe only arm that needed her in life, with that orntnpled, half- torn aorap of paper tightly olntohed in her hand — even in her fail her fiogere had been tine. " And that," aaid Danven, " is why we oali Mrs. (Raymond of Laoceham foe Qaeen of Trumps. And thai is why she it lame." " dhe wasn't killed, foeu ? " " No : unless it was her ghost yon saw to-day. No, sir; she wasn't qulke killed; a ffiiu u es good as a mile, Fd remem- bered her ooming to Seymour's grand ofrcne when ehe was a baby — a regular jnvenlle phenomenon ; and I onoe wanted her to be Mrs. Danvers ; and if she had been I shonld - be Joseph Danvers, Esquire, of Lanoeham, instead of grinning throngh horse-eollare. For, sir, though I mayn't look it, I can grin. However, I married somebody else, and I don't complain. But, as I was saying, I remembered ber first ooming, and knew her mother called herself Mrs. Raymond ; thongh neither 1, nor nobody else, believed in foe name. So, what with what sho oonld tell aa soon as she could apeak, and with what I could remember, and with tbe paper fonnd in her hand, and foe knife-mark in tha rope, they made ont her story pretty well without mnch gnesaing : tbey had foe best snrgeons in London down to Dnrnford, and foey managed to mend her — all bnt ber left leg, with which ehe'U have to limp to her grave. All foe better, sir ; she'll be the longer getting there." " So foe married Frank Raymond I " " Who else — when foe yonng fellow loved her, and tha father waa only too glad of a match that married right and poaaekaion? And she's a good woman, as well as a brave and a happy one. Sir, there's never a oirens - oomes to Dnrnford bat what abe makes it pay. And she's not my iady with me : I don't call her Polly, bnt if I did she wouldn't be angry, and abe keeps all my boys at school. As to the county people — after all, she's a real Raymond, so they're free to like her as moch aa foey like for ber own Bake ; and they do, I believe. And ahe'a taught herself everything — her leg gives her lota of time. In short, sir, she's the very Qaeen of Tramps, and here's her health, elrl When I think of little Polly letting herself be murdered rather than gain tan thousand a year by getting her rights from people of whom ahe knew nothing bnt that they'd been a little bit kind to her, I jut feel almost ready, sir, to— grin. 