THE MONTH AT HOME. PFrom our Own Corresnondent.l London. December 21. While sickness, distress, and war are deso lating thousands of humbler hearths at home and abroad, the great ones of the earth are not left without irresistible reminders that they, too, are but mortal. There have been various illustrations of this lately, but the moat striking of all is seen in the mysterious ordination of Providence which has just taken away her gra cious Majesty's second daughter, very soon after the loss of that daughter's little girL This last heavy trial, coming as it did, by a strange coin cidence, on the anniversary of the saddest of all bereavements which could befall a woman, has naturally evoked for the Queen and her family t.VlA 'tlfl+.irVn'a Vk£iaT»4-fWI£ avrmnntVi** T-w+-V» UyMiaaa of Parliament, expressing the unanimous feeling of the country, have passed votes of sin cere condolence with the Sovereign hi her deep affliction, and the leaders in each Chamber have paid touching and grace ful tributes to the virtues of the deceased. Similar eulogies were pronounced upon the Princess ou Sunday at the principal metro politan churches, while panegyrics of even greater fervor have emanated from many journalists. The devotion of Her Royal High ness to her ^lamented father and her illustrious brother in their hour of extreme weakness, her ministrations to the wounded in the Franco German war, and her only too literal self eaorifiee in nursing her own sick children, have all been warmly and j ustly extolled. Some of these acts were exceptionally heroic, and can-: Hot be too highly praised. Others are happily paralleled in the daily life of thousands of lower and middle-class households. And if it be not SO also in the mansions of the high-born and the opulent, the more is the shame. Indeed, some of the encomiums bestowed on the memory of her whom we all now mourn sound like a severe though indirect rebuke to scores of fashionable mothers who systematically neglect the plainest and moat sacred duties of their sex. Whatever may be the degeneracy in this respect among the Upper Ten Thousand, who rigntly admire while they care not to imitate the example of the good Princess Alice, it is certain that among the poor there are instances without number of the same womanly self sacrifice as adorned the daughter of Queen Victoria. ' . ' Ever since the declaration . o£ war and the proposal for an autumn session persons of every shade of polities had been awaiting with intense interest Mr. Gladstone's speech to his Green wich constituents on the 30th November. The occasion was to bid them farewell, in accordance with a determination announced some months ago. Perhaps it may be well to add that there is no reason for assuming that Mr. Gladstone intends to retire from Parliamentary duties, his association with Greenwich being, severed simply on the ground that he feels himself unable to give adequate attention to the important local interests of that borough . The right hon . gentl e man has been invited by the Liberals of several towns and by those of the Borough of South wark to become their candidate at the approach ing general eiectiou, but aft yet he declines to pledge himself to any of them. In the after noon » luncheon at the Ship Hotel was given to the ; ex-Premier, whose reception was most enthusiastic. In response to the toast of his own health and that of his wife (who accom panied him and shared in the honors of the day) he delivered a timely exhortation upon the necessity of union aad organization in the Liberal ranks — as far as practicable on the Bir mingham plan — ascribing to the absence of these requisites the defeat which the party sustained throughout England in 1874. The most important part of the day's proceedings, however, was the meeting in the Rink at Wool wich. The arrangements for this gathering, like those for the whole day, curiously exemplified one phase at least of that sad lack of organisation on which their distinguished mem ; ber had so seasonably dilated. To prevent dis order, admission was confined to ticket- holders ; but, for want of other precautions, this restric tion only produced 'confusion worse con founded.' Large crowds were kept outside waiting in the mud and the fog for over an hour before the meeting, and when the doors were at last opened there was a wild rush and scramble for places, in which, it went hard with the weaker sex ; for in such cases gallantry, alas ' often goes as much to the wall as they do. The Rink was filled, to overflowing, over 3,000 persons squeezing themselves in as best they could, while other thousands outside im provised a demonstration en their own ac count, their shouts being distinctly audible within the. building between the pauses of Mr. Gladstone's rhetoric, to which they lent a sort of weiid effect. Owing to the difficulties of access through the throng, the bearer of the ' emblazoned'7 address intended to be presented to the ex-Premier, did not arrive in time, and the ceremony had to be gone through without t it. The great orator himself did not reach the I platform with hia escort till thirty minutes I beyond the appointed nour. He was again greeted most enthusiastically, and listened to, it may be supposed, with prof oundest and moat sympathetic interest. It need hardly be added that his oration was grand and electrify ing. There was an unusual gravity and pathos in his tene to which the circumstances of the moment lent a solemn impressiveness. We are approaching Christmas in genuine Christmas weather. Snow has fallen all over the country, and the frost which has set in has once more given skaters a chance, to enjoy their exhilarating pastime. In short, we are ex periencing an 'old-fashioned' whiter, which must be very hard to realise by your readers, who may peruse these line in the glow of a mid summer sun. It is pleasant enough %o the hardy and the well-to-do, but it terribly increases the suffering of the poo,r, whose ranks are added to by such as b,a.ve to keep an enforced holiday in consequence of the suspension of most out door labor. The prevailing distress which I have referred to previously is unfortunately growing. Every industry languishes. The miniug business in Cornwall is in a very bad way. Where not crushed out altogether by Australian competition it is said it is carried on at a loss. The China trade is stagnant, ship building is at a standstill, and the fisheries have been unproductive. Thousands of laborers and artisans are out of . work. The Bank failures have intensified the distress. On the Northumberland borders bakers' vans have been stopped by hungry men and robbed, and bread has been demanded irom shopkeepers by laborers made desperate by star vation. Some whom the workhouse has refused have become thieves in order to get the food and shelter afforded by the gaol. In Scotland matters are nearly as bad, and in great manu facturing centres the unemployed are put to etene-breaking and road-making, at merely food wages. The Kentish laborers are still locked out. Indeed, the farmers could not give them work now if they would, but efforts are being made to bring about mutual concessions, so that labor may be resumed when the state of the land permits. Under these circuits tauoes, men of all parties were amazed &t; a proposal emana ting from the Government to help the suffering Turkish subjects in the Rhodope mountains with a grant of money ; and the project wad at once abandoned in face of the opposition it en countered. As the darkest hour is that nearest the dawn, the very blackness ot the cloud of depression must lead us to hope that the time for improvement will soon come, even though, no signs of it be yet visible. The ghost of 'Protection' has been raised, and is stalking the depressed agricultural dia- 1 triots, but I think the disturbed spirit will soon ! be exorcised. It ia not wouderful, when men I are seeking every where for a clue to tbe com mercial misfortunes which are pressing upon them, that some few landlords and farmers should instinctively turn to the subject of free trade. A better price for their corn, consequent upon the check of foreign imports, commends itself to some of them as an easy solution of their present difficulty. Lord Holmesdale, &B; j Chairman of a great meeting oi agriculturists ? at Haidstone, urged tha reimposition of the import duty, on corn, and, despite an amend ment moved by members of their own class, the farmers resolved to appoint a Commit^? fel discuss the matter with a view of bringing ifc before Parliament. That the adoption of free trade principles all over the world would be a great advantage to us- is not denied, but; no good can come of retaliatory tariffs. As the Marquis of Lansdowne reminded the Cheltenham farmers, thirtyyears of severe trial have taught the nation that the strides of com merce when unfettered, were: enormous, while under protection, as Id America, they were Blow. This is practically the judgment of men of all parties, and no journal is found to advocate a return to a restrictive policy. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, being appealed to on the sub ject, dismissed it with a regret that he could not give time to a consideration of the wide issues it raises ; but he expressed a very confi dent opinion that the origin of the present stag nation must; be sought for in other causes than the action of free trade principles, and that the remedy would hardly be found in so-called 'reciprocity' tariffs. Among the few leading newspapers which have taken the trouble to discuss a matter which has been so effectually settled is the aristocratic Morning Post, which is nothing if not Conservative ; and this journal forcibly endorses the sentiments which I havo shown are generally adopted. The Smithfield Club Cattle Show, in anticipa tion of approaching Christmas, could boast of more numerous entries of animals, as well as of higher general merit in the specimens displayed, than the corresponding collection last year. Whether this circumstance is due to the ruin ous prices in the corn market having driven farmers .to devote more stringent endeavors to the fattening of beeves and mutton, or whether a prolific grass season, abundant roots, and low prices of feeding stuffs, or, above all, the quies cence of contagious diseases among flocks and herds have produced this result, the fact remains the same. All our great breeders, from Royalty downwards, contribute as usual to the Show. The case against Lady Gooch has ended promptly. There was no doubt of her lady ship's guilt, for . she confessed it, and thus granted all that her husband sought in prosecution. However, the Magistrate could not sanction such a barefaced appeal to the powers of the law for the purpose of serving private ends. No doubt the unfortunate lady was punished enough by the exposure, but the attempted crime was one which the law could not wink at. The difficulty has been easily met, and the lady has been spared even the trouble of driving down to the Court to which she was committed. The indictment was drawn up so as to be certain to fall through. Lady Gooch was charged with conspiring with her nurse to palm off a strange child upon her husband. The Recorder, therefore, had to tell the Grand Jury what the meanest legal intellect knew, that the evidence did not support a charge of conspiracy, and they at once found 'no true bill.' Thus ends, as far as the public are con cerned, a painful as well as foolish domestic drama, which might surely have been better rehearsed wholly in camera. On St. Andrew's Day the sons of Caledonia resident in London, and indeed throughout the Empire, celebrated the festival of their patrou saint in their accustomed manner. There was much personal arraying in the ''garb of old Gael,' muoh consumption of haggis, washed dawn, by Glenli vat and other stimulants, much exchange o£ national and fraternal greetings, blended of course with the thrilling if some what harsh notes of many bagpipes. In far Canad/t the new Governor-General, a true child of Scotia— whose progress by the way with th& Princess Louise through his Pro-consulate has been one continuous ovation — opened a ball afe Montreal on Saturday night, surrounded by hia joyous countrymen and countrywomen, who muster strong in the Dominion, as indeed where do they not? His Excellency prefaced the reels and strathspeys by an appropriate speech, and the festivities were extended to tbe witching hour and the frontiers of the'Sabbath.' The only drawback to the full enjoyment of the occasion was the circulation of an order requir ing ladies to appear ab all Court assemblies in low-necked dresses. The simple colonists do not relish such rigorous etiquette, which is foolish on the face of it in a climate like theirs, and their indignation is by no means allayed at the 'concession' which permits square-out (but on no account high-necked) costumes to be worn when a medical certificate of chest delicacy is produced. The whole proceeding is monstrous, and the new Governor will not find it tend to promote the popularity he naturally wishes for, and which the hearty welcome he received might lead him to expect. Returning to our own capital, there were musical performances on a grand scale in connection wirh this com memoration at Exeter Hall, St. James's Half, the Albert Hall, and various minor places oi entertainment, the programme in each case con sisting in the main of Scotch songs and ballads, together with tbe strains of the pibroch. To quote the words of the ballad about one of these melodies it may be said of the music, in all these oases, that ' It was loud, it was fitful, as wild as the breeze ; It- wandered about into several keys ; It was jerky, spasmodic, and harsh, I'm aware j But still it distinctly suggested an air.' The Scottish Corporation held their usual banquest at the Freemason's Tavern. The guest» numbered about 260. Tne Duke of Richmond) and Gordon was to have presided, but, owingr to a domestic affliction, had to give place to Lord Kinnaird. Professors Blackie and Eras mus Wilson, Principal Tulloob, and Dean Stanley, the last almost a naturalized Scot, were of the good company. ,\ The occasion was a charitable as well as a festive one, and the amount of subscriptions announced during ih& evening was £1,400— not perhaps a very insig nificant sum in a year of great commercial de pression. One of the most extraordinary oases of mal versation of property that could possibly happen has been before tbe Irish Master of the Rolls. A wealthy ironfounder, Mr. W. Vincent, of Wasdale, County Dublin, died intestate in 1865 leaving a widow and seven daughters. His for tune amounted to £40,000. Letters of adminis tration were granted to the widow limiting her power to the receipt only of dividends upon shares and stocks, but giving general power as to the remainder of the property. She neverthe less sold out all the shares, mortgaged Fonthili Abbey, applied the money thus raised to her own use, and heoame insolvent in March last. '? Her own father, a clergyman, is a creditor k& the amount of £400. The Master of the Rolls declared that he would trace every pound of the assets thus wantonly scattered to the winds. The defendant has accordingly to bring up. by February 1 a statement as to any dealings by her with any property reserved on the face of the letters Of administration, and in cases where a power of disposal did not exist His Honor intends to direct a suit against every one of the Companies who illegally allowed stock to be transferred, ordering them to bring the money into Court. He thinks that any respect able Company concerned will anticipate an enquiry oi the kind by coming voluntarily before the Court. It is to be hoped that this stretch of chanty may be justified by the results. Ia any case the whole proceedings are to be unmasked, as it is impossible to believe that the lady has been single-handed in the extraordinary business by which her children (five of whom are still minors) are made penni less and a splendid property is wasted. I will promise not to trespass needlessly upon your readers' indulgence in reference to th& affairs of the unfortunate City of Glasgow Batik, especially as I learn that the proceedings for liquidation, if they resemble those of the Western Bank of Scotland, will probably last twenty years. But another most important in cident has occurred which must be mentioned. Ifc must surely give the death-blow to any fresh attempt to promote unlimited joint stock speculations' The Caledonian Bank, oue of the best- managed in the country, held £400 of the Glasgow shares, thereby rendering itself liable to the full amount of its asstts. Under these circumstances there was no alternative but to» present a petition for liquidation, and a very sensible and prudent agreement has been come to between the two, insolvent firms and the other Scotch B^nks under the sanction ©f the Court of Session, The Caledonian will set ajside £.150,000 of its paid-up capital in security q£ tits probable call to be made upon it by tha. 1 C Glasgow liquidators within the next twelve months, and the other Scotch Banks willjbafce \--4fre-sote8 Tand' pay the' deposits of the Cale donian Bank, \- - Yet another great failure to add to the ', wofully black list of commercial disasters for the year. On Sunday, the 8th, the Directors of the West of England and South WalesBank, an nounced that it would not open its doors on the f oilqwingday. The Bank had about 69 branches, the head office being at Bristol'. The liabilities are about three and a naif millions, and at first it was thought that the assets would amount to \- ? the same sum. but a week's investigation shows that there is a deficit of at least £300,000. The Directors are free from any suspicion of fraud, but one of the clerks and a builder, who had been allowed to overdraw Ms account, are in custody. The most serious loss of £100,000 in 1875, owing to the failure of the proprietors of the: Plymouth and Aberdare' Ironworks. The Birecfors of the Bank worked the concern theni ;8eiyes jn the hope of retrieving the toss, but' in creased it instead to £150,000. This misfortune, however, it is believed could have been tided over bat for adverse rumors which were. set; afloat, and which caused a persistant drain on the. deposits. The shareholders are to a large ^extent persons of small means, the shares being £20 each, of which £15 has been paid up, and their liability is unlimited. A call of £5 or £6 will be necessary. There is no hope of resusei Ha.nug tne caDK. El dcisbol gentleman namett Gibson, who « money was mostly entrusted to the unfortunate firm, died instantly from the shock occasioned by the news of the suspension. During the month the Rochdale Bank, a private firm, has collapsed owing to fraud, bringing great distress upon a large district. The creditors will get about 4s. in the pound. Perhaps England, which did not distinguish herself ia the art of tapestry working iu an age when it was most in vognet may in these later days win .a name for taste in this beautiful pro duction and for excellence in its manufacture. Certainly much attention has been given to the subject of late, and it is significant that Punch has for the past year or two greatly changed the character of the backgrounds in its drawing room scenes by the introduction of tapestry in place of wall-paper. May this be accepted as; the proverbial straw to show which way the wind is blowing? Taken into connection with the Exhibition now open at Windsor perhaps it may. The latter event has aroused a sui prising amount of interest-. A display of tapestry may seem at first sight a purely antiquarian matter. JBut this is a mistake. Toe tapestry now on .view at Windsor Town Hall is, at least most of it. . of modern and English make, the produce of a factory recently «et up under Royal patronage. An attempt. which was made iu the seventeenth century to domesticate the process with us had the luck of most things begun or favored by the Stuarts. It is to be toped that the patronage which, has been bestowed upon this new venture will be more effective. . L,Literature, music, and the drama have each sustained severe losses during the month. Mr. and philosopher, has passed away to the regret' of a large section of the reading public, and to the bereavement of a yet greater celebrity than himself — ** George Eliot,*, bis devoted wife. For many years these two faith ful companions might regularly be ..seen in their favorite walk in Regent's Park, near which they bad a pleasant' residence. All of those who have read *' Adam Bede' must sympathise with the gentle lady who is now left to wander companionless on earth. Only' ' George Elipt ' herself could tell how aauch. she owes to her wise and kindly fellow-worker ; only. George Lewes, whose voice is sealed for ever, could have expressed the bemfieent in fluence and inspiration derived daily and hourly from, such an ideal spouse. 3ir. Alfred Wigan, who was better known to the past generation of playgoers than to the present, is dead. He made his first appearance on the stage 40 years ago, and was soon assigned a high place among the exponents of -the modern drams. He alas at different periods managed the Olympic, St. James's and Queen's Theatres w£ih success. Mr. Frederick Gye,the well-known director of the. Hoy al Italian Opera, owed his death to a sad accident, -which occurred while he was enjoying a shooting excursion at Lord Dillon's. He was iniaeact of assisting one of the party over a sunk fence when his friend's gun went off, and the contents lodged in the deceased's right side. ' Mr. Gye deserves to be remembered as a valu able public servant, for there can be no question that the career of the Boyal Italian Opera has been for the benefit of the lyric drama. The only fault found with his management was too great a -leaning towards the 'star' system, which has been of late years more and. more severely denounced as a consequence* of the spread of musical knowledge and the powerful intrusion of the democratic element in. masters relating to opera. The enterprise will, it is be lieved, be carried on by Mr. Gye*a son, who has for several years taken an active part in the administration. Major Whyte-Melviile, the author of many popular novels, has succumbed to the effects of an accident he met with in the hunting-field, when he was thrown from hi* horse.. The lamented gentleman's romances were of a healthy and elevating character, fitly reflecting the generous sympathies of their author. The Major's last literary work was a tale for a Christmas book, and it is interesting to know that he hadgenerously bestowed the honorarium he received upon a needy member of the craft. 