/r. Vaughan'« Review of the j Education Controversy. (HeraJa or Monäny.) Last evening his Grace Archbishop Vaughan lectured upon, the education ques- tion to n very crowded congregation in St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral. Among those who occupied seats in or near the sanctuary were the Hon. E. A. Baker (Minister o£ Mines), Mr. irTugh Taylor, M L.A. ; Mr. O'Conuor, ALL A. ; Mr. Alexander Stuart, Mr. P. A. Jennings, Mr. W. H. Archer, and Mr. T. Butler. His' Grace the Archbishop said : Since-I was capable of looking out upon the world, .tching the religious movements of my men, I have been struck with the fact notwithstanding the confusion which lopes the ^ great struggle of humanity, _ e are two camps and two armies ever Paging war. The confusion between them is yearly growing less, and Christianity "and free-thought, affirmation and denial, are be- ginning to divide the world as with a knife My mind was occupied by these thoughts when I first came to this colony, and in a re- ply to au addicts presented to me in May, 1874, by the then Rector and Fellows of St. John's College, I took occasion to enlarge upon these views. T said that, " the wave of infidelity which is upheaving, confusing, and, I may say, sickening the mind of Europe, will, doubtless, in due course, break upon these shores, or, to change the figure, the battle which is being waged in the Old World will have to be fought out in the new." I need not ask you, who are listening to my words, whether or not those words are proving themselves true. Our very presence here to-night-this vast assembly of my fel- low citizens-is a sufficient testimony to their truth, and the battle which is at this hour waging, is in point of fact, the contest of Christianity against the great apostacy. This very night, as I am speaking, our blessed Saviour is being denounced as an im poster, and the worship if him is being con- demned, it is to be feared, by a large and sympathetic audience in another plaice. The Church is in contest not only here but all over the world, not merely our Church, but those other Churches which have retained many of the old traditions and are bound to- gether by the old Catholic creeds. It is but the other day that the leader of such a Church, surrounded by earnest Christian men, stood up and publicly declared to the world that he was on thi side of Christ. In every battle, victory or defeat depends upon the possession of the key to a position. With us the battle turns upon the supreme ques- tion of education. If four Catholic people bring up their children thorough Catholics, that is, educate them fin thorough Catholic schools, the victory is ours ; if, on the con- trary, the State_takes possession of them, and ' ) ,e7 aTe thrown into Public schools, the victory ^vA»f ve eventually be with our opponents. This 'ri/ithe cï? grand question mi questions ; on this B^ ¿Veatehe whole vietory|or absolute defeat de- sire*6 ***. The'?very earnestness on both sides Sa *Í? *îï the importance of the struggle ; the Ï« Vtnieh'í/ °£*ue struggle is a sign that men FYÄÄh ¿ wino*bly awake to what is at stake . ra^v^jj'^g. Sont», stubborn determination of the «¿Ow-- lvBnla,8^otl* *^e wor^dto sacrifice any * a >D.Jroelis?|rerytk"lg' rráher than - sacrifice U,J^B' ii & N4 to dr~taa.u lose ^u11 control over 3<^r^^iPal»nonto'a'r evidence to us that she looks 31V T fn[, tic^ fss or their possession as' vital to ^-T 'ikoa f ' During the last few months K i'iùVWm ^aa Deen developing itself in ^iJïSyVaiï'iWales. Christianity and denial 5$ ¡a' Rig sides from the necessities of the .. ,satfliien, and parties of men, are being 'K'er^for *a *ne^T *me c°l°urs ; an¿ we are \ ing to see our way, and to measure the iVw an(* *^e Power °^ ^ne Gnemy- The ^p^ijS-a't condition of affairs is such that I "'. thought it would not be uninteresting to re- view, or at least to touch upon, the main fea- tures of the great controversy, so far as it has gone. There has been much misunderstand- ing, and'much misrepresentation, much smoke and dust of battle, which has possibly pre- vented onlookers from fairly grasping the true position of the Christian army, and the real design of the leaders who have been directing it in the battle. Who began the contest ? Are not the Catholics battling for a mere crotchet which deserves no sympathy ? Has not the Archbishop proved himself to be \ no politician, a bad and reckless general? .-Has he not slandered and insulted the vast majority of his fellow-colonists ? Has he not proved himself a fire-brand, and a promoter of public disorder ? These are some questions whose answers will elicit a review of the salient points of the controversy, so far as it has gone ; and will serve to clear the air and display my real position to those who are in- terested in understanding it. Having made my replies, I shall then show you, first, the claims that our Catholics have upon the generosity and fair treatment of their fellow , colonists; secondly, the utter impolicy of attempting to tamper with their religion ; and thirdly, what it is that we are determined . to use every fair an'd constitutional means to get. Who began the contest ? The Bishops of-the hierarchy had long been uneasy witt regard to the effects which were being pro- duced by Public schools upon Catholic \ children. Often have they anxiously and earnestly consulted with me upon the point. The clergy were continually lamenting the gradual weakening of the faith amongst the children, and the " larrikinism" which seemed to be fostered by Public Bchools. Nor were the laity silent. - A feeling, a universal feel- ing-was gaining strength that things could not be suffered to go on much longer as they were going on; yet it was difficult to know what to do. As the fire waa thus silently and secretly smouldering, a combustible was thrown upon it which urged it into a public flame. Secularist Grammar schools were to be started in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bath- urst, a Girls' School in Sydney, to be paid for out of the public funds ; £1500 a year was to be- spent for five years on the education at Grammar schools of bojs exclusively from Public schools ; ,and the Premier gave out from his place in Parliament that it was his " tention to introduce a bill not favourable i Denominational education. Here the atholic body considered itself to be treated ith gross injustice, if not studied insult. .¡Thilst others had no difficulty in availing themselves of tbeBe advantages, it was well known that Catholics could not with safe con- science take part in them. Whilst all others were assisted in getting on in life, Catholics, \as of old, were to ,be ignored and kept out m ithe cold, whilst a bill was to be brought in to ash the life out of the only class of schools Srii they could use. It was this indignant -»o m- «Sí galliuë injustice that drew the Bis ja 3 ' ^?is province together to consult as to what to do. They conferred long and anxiously, and the issue of their conference waa the Joint Pastoral Letter which has created so much remark. It was not the Bishops, then, who be.gan the contest. They were goaded into it by an act of crying in justce, and by the deliberate announcement of the Premier that he was going to attack Denominational schools. But, whether we began or not, our opponents tell us that we have no grievance, but that we are fighting for a fad or whim-wham, for a mere crotchet which deserves no sympathy. What are we fighting for? For fair .play, for equality with others ? We claim to bring up Catholic children in Catholic schools, and to receive our share of State assistance for- secu- lar instruction, as tested by Grovernment inspectors. We are told this shall not be, that we must send our Catholic children to the State schools. We reply we cannot, and we shall not. They answer, then you are unreasonable. We reply, we cannot in con- science send our children there. They ask, Why? We reply, because the Church, Bpeaking through the hierarchy in union and communion with the Holy See, forbids our doing ao ; and, in matters of religion and morality, we are guided, not by the world or by private judgment, but by the authoritative teaching of those who are placed over ua by the Almighty God. To send our children to Public schools against the instruction of the Pastoral, is to oppose those whom in these matters it is our bounden duty to obey. Then you are priest-ridden. We are not ; we are following the only reasonable course open to those who profess the Catholic reli- gion. To disobey would be a prevarication. The late Mr. Bagehot, editor of the Econo- mist, and the great authority on the English Constitution, though far from being a Catho- lic, has thrown our position into so clear a light, and has offered so reasonable a justifi- cation for our believing and acting on autho- rity, that I shall make no apology for making one long extract from his writings. Writing from France on the coup d' etat, he says : "In other times, and even now in out-of-the-way Spain, I suppose it ni Catholic Church has been opposed to inquiry and reasoning. But it is not so now and here, Loudly from the pens of a hundred writers,1 from the tongues of a thousand pulpits, in every note of thrilling scorn and exulting derision, she proclaims the contrary. Be she Christ's workman or anti-Christ's, she knows her work too well. Reason reason, reason! exclaims she to the philo- sopher of this world Put in practice what you teach if you would have others be- lieve it. Be consistent! Do not prate to us of private judgment when you are but your se]ves repeating what you heard in the nur- sery, ill-mumbled remnants of a Catholic tradition. No ; exemplify your command, inquire and make search. Seek, and we warn you that ve will never find, do as ye will. Shut yourselves ui> in a room, make your mind a blank, go dorn (as you speak) into ihe depth of your colisciousness, scrutinize the mental structure,Inquire for the elements of belief,-spend yefcs, your best years, in the occupation,-anójat length, when your eyes are dim, and your brain hot, and your hands unsteady, then£reckon what you have gained. See if you cannot count on your fingers the certainties you have reached ; re- flect which of them you doubted yesterday, which you may disbelieve to-morrow ; or ra- ther, make haste—assume at randon some es- sential credenda,-write down your inevitable postulates, enumerate your necessary axioms, toil on, toil on, spin your spider's web, adore your own soul, or if you prefer it choose some German nostrum ; try an intellectual intui- tion, or the pure reason, or intelligible ideas, or the mesmeric clairvoyance, and when so, or somehow, you have attained your results try them on mankind. Don't go out into the byeways and hedges ; it is unnecessary. Ring a bell, call in the servants, give them a course of lectures, cite Aristotle, review Des- cartes, panegyrize Plato—and see if the bonne will understand you. It is you that say Vox populi, vox Dei. You see the peo- ple reject you. Or, suppose you succeed what you call succeeding." Your books are read ; for three weeks, or even a season, you are the idol of the salons. Your hard words are on the lips of women ; then a change comes - a new actress appears at the Theatre Francais or the Opera ; her charms eclipse 'your theories, or a great catastrophe occurs ; political liberty, it is said, is annihilated. Il faut se faire mauchard, is the observation of the scoffers. Any how, you are forgotten. Fifty years may be the gestation of a philosophy, not three its life. Before long—before you go to your grave— your six disciples leave you for some newer master, or set up for themselves.' The poorest priest in the remotest region of the Basses Alpes has more power over men's souls than human cultivation. His ill-mouthed masses move women's souls. Can you ? You scoff at Jupiter, yet he at least was believed in ; you never have been. Idol for idol : the de- throned is better than the unthroned. No, if you would reason-if you would teach—if you would speculate—come to us. We have our premises ready, years upon years before you were born ; intellects whom the best of you delight to magnify, toiled to systematize the creed of ages. Years upon years after you are dead, better heads than yours will find new matter there to define, to divide, to arrange. Consider the hundred volumes of Aquinas. Which of you desire a higher life than that-to deduce, to subtilize, discrimi- nate, systematize, and decide the highest truth, and to be believed ? Yet such was his luck, his enjoyment. He was what you would be. No, no, credite, credite. Ours is the life of speculation. The cloister is the home for the student. Philosophy is stationary, Catholicism progressive. You call. We are heard," &c.; So speaks each preacher, accord- ing to his ability. And,when the dust and noise of present controversies have passed away, and, in the interior of the night, some grave historian writes out the tale of half forgotten times, let him not forget to ob- serve that, profoundly as the mediaeval Church subdued the superstitious cravings of a painful and barbarous age, in after years she dealt more discerningly still with the feverish excitement, the feeble vanities, and the dogmatic impatience of an over-intellectual generation. Yes, we Catholics rest upon the supreme authority of that great intellect which has directed the millions of our fellows in every generation ; and we conceive it to be far more safe, far more prudent, infinitely more reasonable to believe her and to abide by her enlightened wisdom regarding education, than to follow any other light. The fashions of this world change, but she is semper eadem. She, the ark of our salvation, ís our guide ; her voice and her leadership we follow ; to disobey would be to cast oneself into the seething ocean of endless darkness and endless doubt. But has she spoken? Tes, emphatically and unmistakably. Men may talk of Dr. Doyle and Dr. Murray, who lived and spoke in days of persecution when Catholics were thank- ful to be allowed to call their souls their own. Since those days the great educa- tion question has developed. It ia moro fully understood now. Popes have spoken out, and Councils have decreed, and the voice throughout the Christian commonwealth is one-it tells the Catholic world that the main instrument of the great apostacy is secularist education. It warns parents of the danger ; it gives rules to priests ; it tires not in impressing on all classes, in this es- pecial age, that the turning point of the battle with Denial rests on the education of the young. That ia the pivot. Never has the Church spoken so often, so emphatically, or so sternly on one single subject as upon this one. Read the instruction of the Bel- gian hierarchy, as approved by Pope Leo XIII. Peruse the Acts of the ' second National Council of Baltimore, of tie firat and fourth Provincial Councils of Westminster. Look at the first, second, and third Provincial Councils of Quebec, the first Provincial Council of Halifax, the Provincial Council of Sydney, the Provincial Council of Utrecht, the Provincial Council of Cologne, and the series of declarations and statutes of the great Irish hierarchy, which has spoken bo boldly and so apostolically on this subject. If ever the voice of the Church spoke clearly, it is here; and that she has so spoken is acknowledged by and testified to, even by Anglican theologians of the highest standing. The refusal of the Catholics, then, to send their children to Public-schools is no fad, or whiniiwham, or crotchet ; but it is an act of enlightened obedience to a higher mind, and to a Divine authority, to resist which is to re Biat the voice of God limself. You may think this superstition or madness-still, so it ¡s ; and two hundred millions are mad if you will, and it is a madness which must be dealt with, and cannot be cured by harsh injustice and political enslavement. To disobey the Church is tb prevaricate against God Himself. This is a first-principle of the Catholic Church. But " Dr. Vaughan is no politician." And as an incontrovertible proof of this, inoppor tunists, and others with stronger views, point tp the joint Pastoral Letter. Now, waiving the patent fact that that production represents the voice of the united episcopate-of my brethren in the episcopacy who are speaking on their own subject, as well as of myself waiving the fact that that utterance was an hierarchical utterance-I reply, were Dr. Vaughan a politician, he would be no Bishop. Who are tay models ? Gladstone or Beacons- field, or Bright or Garibaldi, or Bismarck ? I have been in the habit of living with the great fathers of the early Church. Basil and Gregory, and Ambrose and Augustine, are the men whose conduct I have studied, whose high character I have admired, and whose fearless preaching of the Gospel it is my con- stant policy to follow.p The highest and most 8ucceBsful diplomacy of these men was to have no diplomacy at all, but to grasp the truth, andlin season and out of season, in good rep«t and evil report, to preach it ; to die rathol than betray it, and to profess it, when to kerns their peace would have saved them from scorn, exile, atfd a bitter death. Allow me, once for all, to intro- duce to your attention two politicians and diplomatists-a certain Modestus and a cer- tain Basil. Basil is my model politician and diplomatist. Modestus fairly represents the spirit of diplomacy and contrivance which I detest. These two men lived in the fourth century. The Arian Emperor, Valens, had made up his mind to depose all Bishops who should refuse to join the Arian heresy. Being an astute politician and diplomatist, Modestus was sent by the Emperor to reason with the Bishops and induce them to join the Arian teaching. He summoned Basil before him. He had already by his political finesse suc- ceeded in turning several Bishops round his finger. He used the same arguments with Basil. He said it waa foolish to resist the times, that the point in question was really of no importance, that he had better quietly fall in with the popular view, and that if he did so he would have the favour of the Emperor for himself and for his friends. It might have been a modern politician reasoning with a Catholic bishop on the education question. But.soft language failed, and Modestus then took a higher tone. Let me quote from St. Gregory, who has preserved for us the dia- logue which passed between them. " What ia the meaning of this, you Basil (said the Prefect, a bitter Arian, not deigning to style him bishop), that you stand out against so great a prince, and are self-willed when others yield ? Basil : What would you ? and what is my extravagance ? I have not yet learned it. Modestus : Tou are not worshipping after the Emperor's manner, when the Test of your party have given way and been over- come. Basil : I have a Sovereign whose will is otherwise, nor can I bring myself to wor- ship any creature-I, a creature of God, and commanded to be a god. Modestus : For whom do you take me ? Basil : For a thing of nought, while such are your commands. Modestus : Is it, then, a mere nothing for one like you to have rank like myself, and to have my fellowship ? Basil : Tou are prefect, and in noble place, I own it. Yet God's majesty is' greater ; and it is much for me to have your fellowship, for we are both God's creatures. But it is as great a thing to be fellow to any other of my flock, for Christianity lies not in distinction of persons, but in faith. The Prefect was angered at this, and rose from his chair, and abruptly asked Basil if he did not fear his power. Basil : Fear what con- sequences ? what sufferings ? Modestus : One of those many pains which a Prefect can inflict. Basil: Let me know them. Modestus : Confiscation, exile, tortures, death. Basil: Think of some other threat, these have no influence upon me. He runs no risk of confiscation who has nothing to lose, except these mean garments and a few books. Nor does he care for exile who is not circumscribed by place, who does not make a home of the spot he dwells in, but everywhere a home whithersoever he be cast, or rather everywhere God's home, whose pilgrim he is, and a wanderer. Nor can torture harm a frame so frail as to break under the first blow. Tou could but strike once, and death would be gain. It would but send me the sooner to him for whom I live and labour, for whom I am dead rather than alive, to whom I have long been journeying. Modestus : No one yet ever spoke to Modestus with such freedom. Basil : Peradventure Modestus never yet fell m with a Bishop ; or surely in a like trial you would have heard like language. 0 Prefect, in all other things we are gentle, and more humble than all men living, for such is the commandment ; so as not to raise our brow, I say not against ' so great a prince,' but even against one of least account. But when God's honor is at stake we think of nothing else, looking simply to Him., Pire and sword, beasts of prey, irons to rend the flesh, are an indulgence rather than a terror to a Chris- tian. Therefore, insult, threaten, do your worst, make the most of your power. Let the Emperor be informed of my purpose. Me you gain not, you persuade not, to an impious creed, by menaces even more fright- ful." The conduct of St. Basil represents very faithfully that political school and that method of diplomacy which is especial to Catholic Bishops. He is held out to them as a pattern, and upon his principles they mould the methods and the actions of their lives when in contact with opponents of the faith of Christ. The Catholic Bishop may not minimise or compromise the faith. He must lose all things rather than renounce that. He is the light al people ; if he fail, if he 1 >se heart, and allow himself to be practised into a chaos of confusion and out-spoken, firm as a humble, without double < : deceit, but preach ing the unshrunken Gosj û of Christ, at all hazards, as Christ and H; him, is the aim as well ai life. The secret of the s iccess of his diplo- macy is to preach the trt ;h in season and out of season, and to go stn ¡ght to the mark in matters of religion. Hi I politics consist in the directness of his utte ance, the simplicity of his aim, and in the ambition. His ono d the guide of his they are thrown To be straight, clear rock, yet gentle and his own soul and t] 9 souls of those nworldliness of his esire is to save and his main stay Christ, who is his brought to nought the Cross. Think laughtiness or pride Bishop immovable; self-will-it is his confided to his care ; is in the thought that Master, will not allow lis minister to fail, and will so act with his < lect that the wisdom of this world will be through the very folly o not that it is a spirit of that makes the Catholic do not imagine that it intense conviction that 1 > is the herald of the truth, and the messenge of God, so long as he speaks with the autl )rity of the Church that sustains him. Had e not that authority, he would hold his peace, or willingly give way to' others possessing m ire experience and talent than himself. Ii is by this stubborn- ness in her Bishops that*he Catholic Church lasts out, and survives so many revolutions, and still holds her own after kingdoms and empires have failed. We know in whom we believe, and whom we preach, and what is the Gospel. Men may think us arrogant because we speak boldly and with absolute certainty of manner. They would prefer us to be less absolute, to be more tentative, and less cer- tain of our belief. It is because we axe absolutely certain that we speak at all ; for if we preach, not ourselves, but the divinely piotected faith that cannot fail, and the mind of the Church of God that, according to His gracious promise, cannot lead man into error. Thus, in such light as this, the joint Pastoral was adopted by the Bishops. They were simply doing their work and teaching the faith to their people in union with the univer- sal Church of God. Had they held their peace God would judge them for it at the last day as dumb dogs who feared to open their mouths, and let the little ones perish because they feared the taunts of men. It is their abiding fear of Him and of His voice, that makes them bold and renders them deaf to the contention of tongues " Won me tun férvida terrent Diota, ferox ; Dii me terrent et Jupiter liostls." But why insult the vast majority of colonists. They have not been insulted. I will explain. In my Pastoral letter, of September 7, which appeared in _all the newspapers, J said : " Dearly* beloved, exercise yoursefc contin- ually in a Christian and mfrsctftine oiWity ; do not dishonor the religion of confessors and martyrs : manifest in your lives and in your relations with your non-Catholic neighbours the spirit of the Catholic Church in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gentleness towards those who differ from her ; and if it be your duty to say disagreeable things, say them as sweetly and kindly as you can, it is in this spirit that we ever hope to act. We insist on Catholics giving their children a thorough Catholic education, because it is our bound8n duty to do so. We point out the dangers to Catholics of Public schools, because we should be prevaricating against our solemn obligations were.welar?fc¡longer to hold our peace> Here, possiWlyfwtsmay give pain to bobwb ; but it is the pain inflicted by the good physician whose one desire is to heal the wound. Regarding the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it was not our place to speak ; indeed it would have been superfluous-had it been our place to do so, after the trenchant fashion in which Dr. Moorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Mel- bourne, had already spoken. His language is many degrees stronger regarding Protes- tant children going to Public schools in Vic- toria than the Catholic Bishops' regarding Ca- tholic childrenjgoing to Public schools in Hew South "Viales. TS,nd both 8^ and g^y, as all must wellVnowiI were anímatedna so'speaking by an earnelU; desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kind- ness by cries of ' libel ' on Protestant chil- dren seems as disingenuous as it is unmanly. Men with a spark of honest feeling would thank the Bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out on a matter of such vital national importance." Now, I should have imagined, that these express words re- pudiating any idea of giving offence would have been received in the sense in which they were expressed. They were simply ignored, and the same accusation was brought over and over again, as if they had never been pub- lished. Taking advantage of the occasion of laying the foundation^stone of the school at Forest Lodge, I repeated the same senti- ments in still stronger language, and showed the world that intelligent Protestants who had a mind to understand the Bishops' drift could understand it without any difficulty. These words of mine were published to the world in the Herald, newspaper, on the 13th of October last. " Now, let it be borne in mind that the Pastoral letter is addressed ex- clusively to Catholics, and deals exclusively to Catholic children ; secondly, let it be re- membered that the condemnation of ' secular- ist schools ' for Catholics is based upon a claim of reasoning which no one can inter- fere with without ceasing practically and theoretically to be a Christian ; thirdly, that what applies to Catholic children in such Public schools as we have, does not apply, in the same way, to Protestants. So far as Catholic children are concernod, our Public schools are secularist schools, pure and simple. Catholic children who frequent them are taught no religion in them, and receive no moral training or instruction in them. It is against our laws for them to read the Scripture lessons, and the Bishops do not sanction the clergy visiting such Bchools. Thus the position of Catholic and Protestant children in Public schools is not identical. Nor do the Bishops mean that the secularist schools will produce their evil fruits all at once. The Bishops were legislating in the Pastoral for the future as much as for the present, and were warning the faithful with regard to the local moral results which, in the course of time, as in America, would necessarily flow from schools without religion. If it be unlawful or wrong for the Bishops thus to Bpeak on a matter of public and vital interest, the occupation of the Church may be said to have gone. Mr. Alexander Gordon, in his powerful, and I think I may add, unanswerable lecture, at Waverley the other day, has quite fairly inter- preted the sense of the joint Pastoral letter, with regard to the pasBage so strongly com- mented on. He says:-"Again complaints are not unfrequently made of the strong language in which the Roman Catholic pre- lates have condemned the Public Behool sys- tem, but itis quite forgotten that to the Roman Catholic theory of education, which engrafts on continual acts of the child's school life a distinctly religious character, nothing can be more abhorrent than a plan which ignores everything of the kind, and places itself, there- fore, in continual and direct antagonism to all those instincts which the child is taught by his religious guides to cultivate. And I am by no means prepared to say that, as a matter of hard fact, the injury of such a sys- tem as that of the Public schools when ap- plied to the case of a Roman Catholic child m distinction from a Protestant child, may not be such as to justify the very strongest language that has been employed. There is, indeed, no reason for the same protest on the part of the Church of England; but even so, the indictment which she is bound to prefer against the system is suffi- ciently weighty.' " Such was my second clear explanation of the meaning of the Joint Pas- toral Letter : and I hoped that after having thus, a second time, in the public prints ex- plained what the Bishops did hay, and did mean by what they said, that they would have been allowed the privileg » of being believed. But not the slightest notice was taken of my words. Of course it is not to be expected that those who have no honour and no con- science, and are solely bent on keeping up what appears a telling cry, would forego their cry for the sake of justice. But men of high name, and, I believe, of unblemished honour joined the chorus, and ono of them, a member of the Upper House, so far forgot himself as to state, from his place in Parliament, that the Bishops declared in their Pastoral Letter that infidelity was taught, immorality was taught, lawlessness was taught in the Public schools of the colony. How a gentleman of standing, after all I have said upon this sub- ject, could make that assertion is simply be- yond my power of comprehension ; and here again, in the name of the Bishops of this pro- vince, I emphatically deny that the Pastoral declares that " infidelity is taught, immorality is taught, and lawlessness is taught" in the Public schools ; and I moreover emphatically assert that it never crossed the brain of any one of the Bishops to make such a stupid statement ; nor did any one of the Bishops, ( in commenting on the " proof" of the Pastoral Letter submitted to them ever, even so dis- tantly hint, that the most distorted intellect could twist any words in that'document into such a sense. My only way for accounting for all the random talk and not very cre- ditable passion poured out upon that care- fully prepared document is that most pro- bably those who talked loudest and shot widest of the mark had never read it, but contented themselves in joining the general hue and cry, caring little what they said as long -as they manifested their disapproval of what they took for gran- ted was as bad as it was painted. Well, this of course is not a very high order of statesmanship. Tet I do not believe that those gentlemen, in their calmer moments, and after having given themselves time to think, would do usa deliberate injustice. I would earnestly beg of thom to read that Pastoral Letter themselves, to read it in the spirit in which it was written, and they will not find anything in it which is not in keeping with the general teaching of the Catholic Church, and in harmony with the doctrines which she has inculcated from the first. The Bishops, in publishing it to their people, were fulfilling a sacred trust. They had no wish or intention to hurt the feeling of any sec- tion of the community. They had to preach the Gospel as delivered to them. As was said the other night by one who ia the leader of the great Anglican community, " The Syllabus appeared before the Pastoral. The teaching of the infallible Pope must be fol- lowed by the disciple, be he lay or cleric, and the Pastoral is but an attempt to apply and carry into effect in New South Wales the principles propounded by the Vatican." Had the Bishops minimized their teaching they would have been out of perfect harmony with the general action of their Church, and they would have been concealing from their people portion of that light which it is the paramount duty of the Bishops to convey to them. ' But it is retorted upon us-if the Pastoral Letter was only addressed to the Catholic people, why parade it in the news- papers ? I give two reasons in reply. First, because the newspapers asked me for copies of the Pastoral, and I had no reason for refusing their request ; secondly, because I think it ia a good thing for our friends to know what our teaching is, and what views are taken by the Catholic Church, which has had so varied, so wide, so long an experience in these matters. We have no mission to conceal the Gospel light. We are only too glad to get Catholic principles published and circulated by the Press : and I have reason to know that the Pastoral Letters which the Herald was so good as to publish for me have produced a deep iinpiession in quarters where you might least expect it. And, although this is the case, the joint Pastoral was addressed exclu- sively to Catholics, aB ib evident on the face of it Of course, I admit, it would be disin- genuous to coneeoJrttJthat indirectly it might be implied that we dojtiot think that Public schools are the best kftd of schools for Pro- testants to go to And were my advice asked on the point by a Protestant father or mother, I should probably reply in the words of Bishop Moorhouse or of his Metropolitan; or I should say, " keep to your own schools, your Church of England schools, where the clergyman, who is, as a rule, an English gentleman, knows who and what the children are. He will preservo your boy from harm ; he will teach him reverence, respect, decency, how to love God and to pray to Him, and how to respect his neighbours. Keep your boy, if possible, from Public schools when he is young, and from public-houses when he grows too big for school. Let hita learn the traditions of his fathers in his father's house, and in that school where he will be personally loved and cared for." Such is my strong view. Others hold a different opinion. Let each express his own, and follow what in con- science he thinks to be the best. But let not one, merely to make a momentary point, misstate the views or the intentions of another. But Dr. Vaughan is a firebrand. He is no firebrand. I will bring out my thought by reference to a splendid passage in a speech on Reform by John Bright. He'' says :-" These opponents of ours, many of tbem in Parliament openly, and many of them secretly in the Press, have charged us with being the promoters of a dangerous excitement. They say we are the Bource of the danger which threatens them; they have absolutely the effrontery to charge me with being the friend of public disorder. I am one of the people. Surely, if there be one thing in a free country more clear than another, it is that any one of the people may speak openly to the people. If I speak to the people of their rights, and indicate to them the way to secure them-if I speak of their danger to the monopolists of power am I not a wise counsellor, both to the people and to then* rulers ? Suppose I stood at the foot of Vesuvius or Etna, and seeiDg a hamlet or a homestead planted on its slope/ I said to the dwellers in that .hamlet or in that homestead, You sel that vapour which ascends from the summitlof that mountain; that vapour may become I dense black smoke that will obscure the sky | you see that trick ling of lava from the crevices or fissures on the side of the - mountain ; that trickling *f lava may become a river of fire: you hear that muttering in the bowels of the moun- tain ; that muttering may become a bellow- ing thunder, the voice of a violent convul- sion that may shake half a continent. You know that at your feet is the grave of great cities for which there is no resurrection, as history tells us that dynasties and aristocre. cios have passed away, and their name bas been known no more for ever. If I say this to the dwellers upon the slope of the moun- tain, and if there come hereafter a catas- trophe which makes the world to Bhudder, am I responsible for that catastrophe ? Did I build the mountain, or fill it with explo- sive materials ? I merely warned the men that were in danger. So, now, it is not' I who am stimulating men to the j violent pursuit of their acknowledged con- stitutional rights. We are merely about our lawful business-and you are the citizem of a country that calls itself free, yet you are citizens to whom ia denied the greatest and the first blessing of the Constitution under which you live, If the truth must be told, the Tory party is the turbulent party is this nation." Tea, if the truth must be told, the Tory party-that is to say the Seculariii party-is the turbulent party of this nation I have spoken to the people of their right«, and I have pointed out to the Government to those in power-their danger, not indeed I of ai violent explosion, bjÈit of an increasing, f undying agitation, whidb will continue te appeal with a thousand »ngues till juáceü done to the Irish pnnplny- "*amtf 111 j ¡ chliM?. You all know, the wu#ho£**&"7Î faith is to them. It is|>%¿ % *3aiV-T and the one love of theiearV 0jf t¿gíf Qeiy it is, with an undying W^^^l^i'oef^63 sifies and vivifies the i7 teaJfaeA ¿' Us religion. How can yowspectLo/ *l ?" free country tamely to ipit to W? ¿ffit of being fined, or, as Jifa Taaf ^"gg},k because they educate tf young ok c(¡or¿, ing to their conscience Am I resi^y, for the deep resentment springs taneouslv in the Irishart when ti \ and their civil and¿l'gi°ua liberty "a trampled on ? Did IlllQ, the mountain fill-it with explosive .tenais? As to vaf teaching on the "point? obedience to law, it is the teaching of thei*n°l'c Church. It ii better to suffer anyP?unt °f persecution than to rebel. Ana«*8 a worse evil than tyranny, and the pra'e as well as the doc- trine of the Christianfuych points to long suffering, meeknesajmu%, waiting with patience for betitjdays rather than do anything that |ÜW tend towards disobedience to lopy-constituted au- thority. It is jtnu8 acting that] genuine Catholics hÉP-bdued their enemies] and conciliated to thtftos the respect sympathy, nay ever»» reverence, of j«; and upright men. fwou ^ave to do, m] people, is to use tholil»T8 wW especially provided by the^ution of the! country for making your gnevVknownEJ and for obtaining redress. If you haféT grievance, especially if it be tó grievance, you are bound in duty to uset&j; means. Tou cannot sit idly by, or fold jj hands and let things take their ' course. ' law has put into your hands an instrnmi and that instrument you are bound to ] and to continue using until you hare tained redress. But it is urged that Oatie persecuted Protestants in the history of past, and therefore we should not be so i sitive to persecution in a free country in nineteenth century. Alas, \t is too trnet Catholics, bad Catholics, did persecute 1 testants, and bad Protestants did the san» Catholics. Even the Church herself, witt her charity and safeguarda, is not alwayn on all occasions able to restrain thefe cruel passions of her children. But 'tim ting all this, for there is no call for win* to deny it, indeed the^ admission ofthoi adds an immense significance to wont 1 going to say, admitting I say, all this, 1« ask the secularists wh* are persecuting Irish in this colony at this hour to indicé me one single incident in the history of Irish people pointing Ho their perseci Protestants. The Irisi people are sol this-they never persecuted those who dill from them in reiigiol, although they bitter memories of sucj suffering them?( The English and the Scotch have not free from this terrible passion of relij hate-the Irish alone! stand out in hi ti*, as a brilliant excep my fellow-countrymenj do justice to their cr have studied closely thi of the Irish people," fail to be struck witlj sincere religion in hiive commonlv evince! i, and call upon _ from their grave children. "Those history and chat ,rs Lecky, " eau h the deep respec \- form, which Their originar 8*VS e*ry version to Ohristianitl was probably aj panied by less violenfe and bloodshed that of any equally considerable natj Europe ; and, in spite of the fearful c ties that followed the Deformation, memorable fact that not a single Protestant suffered for his religion in Ireland during all the period of the Marian persecution in Eng- land. The treatment of Bedell during the Bange outbreak in 1641, and the Act estab- lishing liberty of conscience passed by the Irish Parliament in 1689 in the full flush of the brief Catholic ascendency, under James II., exhibit very remarkably this aspect of the Irish character ; and it was displayed in an- other form scarcely less vividly during the Quaker missions, which began towards the close of the Commonwealth, and continued with little intermission for two generations." Let me implore those who have it in their power to avert the persecution that is im- pending to road the history of this great people. Having done so they will say to themselves-"A race so generous, so for fiving, having so large a heart, a race that as had so many sorrows, such a national heart-breaking, not for love of sordid gain, but for conscience sake-this race has suf- fered enough ; the only people-in whose his- tory not one single page is stained with the blood of religious strife, shall now, in this free land, find peace." Yes, give them peace, peace of conscience, that peace which the world can give, by putting their children on an equality with others, although they belong to, and are to be strictly brought up in the old religion. Pine them not, illuse them not because they are so tenacious of their Catholic faith. Admire them, love them, reverence them for it ; and in the corrupt and infidel tendency of the age encourage a people all you can-that still clings to the old forms and loves to worship at the old altar. But it may be urged that it would, after all, be a benefit to the colony if the Catholic religion were gradually cleared ' away, and if it died out, as the Denomina- tional schools are to be gradually cleared away, and to die out. I reply here again the Irish people are singular in their character. I tell you, you cannot clear away their religion and make it die, unless you clear them away and put them to death. I believe you would not do that. England, Scotland, Wales, and other lands have been scourged out of their religion. Not so Ireland. On no country I was the spiked heel so ruthlessly pressed as on Catholic Ireland ; but she all through held to the faith. And far from it being cleared | away, it has sunk ineradicably into the soil so that it is said that poisonous reptiles die there, cannot live-and has spread itself abroad throughout the English-speaking world. Tou cannot-history tells you so- you can- not crush the Catholic religion out of the Irish people. It is simply useless to tamper, whether by tyranny or otherwise, with the j faith of that extraordinary people. As politi- cians are fond of Lecky, I will refer for a moment to what he saya. What does he say ] ¡of this people in their time of deepest an- j guish ? I beg your especial attention to these ¡words. He says, " Religious convictions dur- ing the long oppressions of the eighteenth Seentury sank deeply in the minds of the people. En the upper classes the tendencies of the aimee, the profligacy of public life, and the [great number who went through a nominal conversion in order to secure an estate, or to ¡¡enter a profession, gradually lowered the theological temperature; but it was other- wise with the poor. They clung to their old ¡faith with a constancy that has never been [surpassed during generations of the most ?galling persecution, at a time when every ¡earthly motive urged them to abandon it, fwhen all the attraction and influence of pro- perty and rank, and professional eminence, and education were arrayed against it. They voluntarily supported their priesthood with an &~\~^$l'$t~' '" "/fr^)n *ney were themselves *~ - .&%& \ '/& *t>ject poverty, when the "\ * ¿>^rar'0I> -were continually before "* \ I °£aÉià their reward. The legisla ?~^jRg the hopeless task of crushing (¡jhat was ko cherished, contended *a providing that those who held it ¿îec rise to influence or wealth, and ¿ii laws were at last applied almost Î#èly to this endr Conversion to Ca .,''am was a criminal offence, and was ¿inies punished as such ; but in the eBt period of the penal laws not a few of ~ à scattered Protestant poor lapsed into /atholiciam." So far for the people, now what of the priests ? Were they made of the same stubborn stuff? "The zeal," says Lecky, "/with which they maintained the re- ligious life ^>f their flocks during the long period of persecution is beyond all praise, in the very7 dawn of the reformation in Iîland Spencer had contrasted the negli ice of the ' idle ministers'-creatures of a .rupt patinage, who ' baring the livings the country opened unto them, without ins and without peril, will neither for any re of God, nor for zeal for religion, nor for they may do by winning souls to God, be *wn forth from their warm nests to look J into God's harvest' with 'the zeal of pish priests,' who spare not to come out of ain, from Rome, and from Bernes, by long 1, and dangerous travelling hither, where sy know peril of death awaiteth them, and piewaTd or riches is to be found, only to [¿If people 'n*o the Church of Eome.' The une fervid zeal was displayed by the Wiolic priesthood in the days .of the Crom äian persecution, and during all the long od of the penal laws. Their singular dom from moral scandal . . . has i admitted bj" the most malevolent of r detractors. The strength of their ciples was sufficiently shown by their sst unanimous refusal of the objurgation i, and by the extreme paucity of con ions amongst them at a time when a large ird was offered for the apostacy of a ît." I ask then, have not the generous ii people Buffered enough at English Is? Is it politic, is it wise to irritate i just in that one thing which they love , and regarding which they are so deeply tive? Is it worthy, is it not folly to ine that what the pressure of penal i could not effect could be effected in a country, in this nineteenth century? hem have peace and rest, and freedom equality at last, that noble generous lo which never retaliated by religious icution upon those who had so ruthlessly icuted them. Let the fair sun shine upon ted, happy, and contented people, and if a and powerful section of the community ongly desire such a system of education j mother country has adopted, why re io reasonable a demand ? They do not to touch your schools ; they are con o let you have your way, why not per- ora to have theirs ? There is no country world so free as England. Her prin on education are the admiration of all Iien. When the Erench Government sparing to persecute Catholic educa- j i Prance, Professor Mivart and a hoBt; ' of leading English scientific gentlemen pro- tested against the proposed tyranny in memorable words, which it would be well for every man and woman in the colony to i ponder on. In this public protest these gen- tlemen say:-"All the inhabitants of this country, whether native> or foreign, are free to open a school at their own expense, and teacn, and may associate together to teach, at their will and pleasure, provided they do not offend against public morals in the ordinary sense of that term. All Englishmen have the right of educating their children in schools of their own choice, and of supporting and making use of strictly Denominational schools, taught by their own freely-chosen teachers. Englishmen would think the aboli- tion of this freedom an intolerable hardship. So scrupulous i« the English Government in thiB reBpeot that it not only abstains from interference with voluntary schools, but even makes to such voluntary schools as will sub- mit to public inspection, large grants, while allowing them full religious freedom. Thus any, even a small religious body, which has schools of its own, inspected hy Government, remains free to appoint or remove teachers, and to choose books to be nsed for religious instruction. Each such body also remains free to train its own mas- ters and mistresses in its own training schools, while State aid is granted (in pro- portion to the result achieved) which may amount to half the total cost." In one word, schools and training colleges in England are assisted by the State on the principle of pay- ment by results. It is for this British free- dom and fair play that we contend. The method is English and equitable, and it would satisfy the Catholic body. We must keep our children, and we must not be placed at a disadvantage for doing so. And if through pressure we are obliged to choose between the two, we must not hesitate, we must keep the children. This, is the pivot, mark you, on which the whole question turns. They who get hold of the children win the battle. Those who secure the children secure the army of the future, and have the training of the soldiers of the future. If we let our children slip out of our hands, in a few generations Christianity will be but the ghost, the empty mockery of what it was. The old Paganisms will take possession of the world, intensified by'modern refinements and the vices of the nineteenth century. The enemy know as well as we know, that all depends upon the one cardinal question, who has the children? This new iniquitous bill is so framed as to con- strain, by every artful device, Catholic parents to give over their offspring to that method of training which, finally, will rob them of all their Catholic instincts, and of that precious gift of God, their Catholic faith. The lowering of fees, the es- tablishment of grammar schools, without help to U8-the ruthless destruction of our Denominational schools-in what direction does this vandalism point ? It points clearly as a finger-post in one distinct direction, to- wards driving the children of the great Anglican communion and of the Catholic Church bodily over to the Nonconformists. What, then, is our paramount duty in this great crisis? We have two duties to per- form. What is of first, of most momentous importance, ia to keep Catholic children in Catholic schools. At any price, at any sacrifice, do this; cost what it will, still determine before the great God in heaven that you will protect those helpless aouls for whicíi our Èedeemer died. Let not our opponents get hold of one of them. Look upon each single one gone as one that is lost. Next, strive all you can for your rights-for fair play,-such as is found in England. Best not until justice íb done you. It may not be done to-day or to-morrow, but finally it will be done. Vvlt fellow colonists will see what we are aiming at, at keeping the great Christian religion from being poisoned, and from dying gradually out. They will, I feel certain of it, kindly help us and help themselves; and we shall eventually feel that we are living in a free country, free men who are no longer punished, and practically fined for bring up Catholic children in thoroughly Catholic schools. And whilst insisting in every lawful way on our full rights, let us stand by the great Anglican body, whose spokesman has lately dwelt with such depth of feeling, and in such a Chris- tian spirit on the necessities of the religious education of the young. Mr. Buckland is right. We shall not be found wanting in the day of trial. Mark every man who votes on that 26th clause. Eemember that a day of account will inevita- bly come. Let us return no more bad Catho- lics to Parliament to trade on the Catholic name and disgrace the Catholic cause. Let us support good tried Catholics and liberal Protestants, like Mr. Tooth, who will stand up for Denominational schools, or for pay- ment by results. Surely, the Catholic Church and the Church of England, who, here, at all events, have a common cause-however they may otherwise profoundly differ- can stand four square in strength and save the Christian religion in the land. T' ere are thousands upon thousands who are ,'vith us, thousands who raise up their voices íor us in this great struggle for our Master ; and if we are only true to Him, to ourselves, and to one another, we shall inevitably gain all we want-equality with our fellow-colonists, and the maintenance of the Christian religion in this land. Now, I have nearly done. I have shown you clearly that it was not the Bishops but the secu- larists who began this great contest ; that our grievance is no crotchet, unworthy of sympathy, but one of profoundest import, and growing out of the fundamental teaching of our Church. I have proved that, though I do not myself profess to be a politician, I am a Catholic Archbishop of the Church of God, whose policy it is to preach the full Gospel of Christ, and whose diplomacy consists in preaching that same Gospel not only in season but out of season ; not only in good report but in evil report. I have shown you that the Catholic bishops of this colony have not insulted or wished to hurt the feelings of their fellow-colonists ; but that they were discharging an anxious duty to the best of their ability to the flock confided to their care. And, finally, I have pointed out the claims of the Irish people to the generosity of my countrymen, and have shown how so stubborn a faith as theirs can- not be rooted out of the earth by any kind of disabilities that may be inflicted on them. Then I suggested' that the English system should be admitted, at least for Catholics, of payment by results. This would give peace and help to preserve Christianity in this land of _ our adoption. How are you to obtain this act of justice ? There are three things that I strongly recommend-a universal tem- perance movement through the colony ; for if Catholic men and women kept from public houses they would soon see the imperious necessity of keeping their children from Public schools. Secondly- That every man, womal), and child, who is capable of doing so, should go regularly to confession, and place themselves in the grace of God, for I cannot believe that the Master's blessing will attend those whose consciences are perhaps black with mortal sin. Thirdly-I say, join, every one of you, the education union that is being established, or shortly will be established throughout the length and breadth of the colony. Union is strength, and if all of you live sober lives and have the grace of God in your hearts, and the holy fear of Him before your eyes, and if you are united, I will answer for it, many years will not pass before the great Catholic body in this free land obtains that emancipation from political slavery under which, at present, partly, I dare say, through our own fault, it miserably groans. I look .to the advancement and the interests of the colony. I love the home of my adoption, and hope to spend myself, and to be spent, in maintaining in my place and according to my measure, that sentiment of universal brotherhood, that spirit of loyal freedom, and that obedience to the constitu- tion amongst my people, which are earnests of the future prosperity and greatness of a nation., The school question is of vital im- portance, of paramount concern, because on ii turns, as on a pivot, the future destinies of this great country. And crowning victory or absolute defeat and collapse will depend upon the answer to a simple question-Who was it that succeeded in getting hold of the children ? _ Throughout his address the Archbishop was listened to with great attention, and fre- quently his remarks elicited loud applause, \- i ? ? -~--» 