-' ' - ? THE Immigrants, tf Alaiiit?ra0 BY WILLIAM CARLETON. CHAPTER XI. (Continued.) DEATH OF A YIETUOUS MOTHEB. 'father,' repeated (Dora, ' come with me for my mother's sake.' He started. ' ¥/hat's that you say, Dora? For your mother's sake ? I will, darlin' — for her sake, I will. Ay, that's the way to manage me — for her sake. Oh, what would not I do for her sake ? Come, then, God bless you, darlin' for puttiu' that into my head. You may make me do anything, now. * Dora jewel — it you 31st ax it tor Her sake. Oh, my God ! an' it's come to this P An' am I talkin' this way ? — hut — well, for her sake, darlin'— for her sake. Come, I'll go in, — but— hut— oh, Bryan, how can I ?' ' You know, father,' replied Bryan, who now held his arm, ' we must all dio. and it will be well for us if we can die as sho died. Didn't Father Peter say that if ever the light of Heaven was in a human heart, it was in hers ?' ' Ay, hut when I go in and look upon her, an' call Bridget, she won't answer me.' ' Father dear, you are takin' it too much to heart.' ' Well, it'll he first time she ever refused to answer me — the first time ever her lips will be silent when I spake to her.' ' But, Father,' said the sweet girl at his side, ' think of me. Sure I'll be your Dora more than ever, now. You know what you promised me this minute. Oh, for her sake, and for God's sake, then, don't take it so much to heart. It was my grandfather sent me to you, an' he says he wants to see you, an' to spake to you.' ' Oh ! ' he exclaimed, ' My poor father, an' .. ? he won't be long afther her. But this is the WHY VVIU. itll, JJlJciUL ? uii.t- -* lkjj v/ vi±\s tt uiiu itself. We must go. I didn't care, now, how soon I followed her. Oh, no, no.' 4 Don't say so, father ; think of the family youhave ; think of how you love them, andhow they love you, father dear. Don't give way so much to this sorrow. I knows it's hard to bid you not to do it ; hut you know we must strive to overcome ourselves. I hope there's happy days and years before us still. We'll have our leases soon, you know, an' then we'll feel firm and comfortable : an' you know you'll be — we'll all be near where she sleeps.' 'Where she sleeps. Well, there's comfort in that, Bryan — there's comfort in that.' The old man, though very feeble, on seeing him approach, rose up and met him. ' Tom,' s.aid he, ' be a man, and don't shame my white hairs nor your own. I lost your mother, an' had as good a right, too, as ever you were of her that's now an angel in heaven; but if I lost her, I bore it as a man ought. I never yet bid you do a thing that you didn't do, but 1 now bid you stop ciyin', an' don't fly in the face o' God as you're doin'. You respect my white hairs, an' God will help you as he has done!' The venerable appearance of the old man, the melancholy but tremulous earnestness with which he spoke, and the placid spirit of submission which touched his whole bearing with a light of an inward piety that no age could dim or overshadow, all combined to work a salutary influence upon M'Mahon, He evidently made a great effort at compo sure, nor without success. His grief became ? calm ; he paid attention to other matter, and by the aid of Bryan, and from an anxiety lest he should disturb or offend his father by any further excess of sorrow, he was enabled to preserve a greater degree of composure than might have been expected. CHAPTER XII. HYCY CONCERTS A PLOT AND IS TJECKED TO HAEEY. The Hogans who seldom missed a Wake, Dance, Cockfight, or any other place of amusement or tumult, were not present, we need scarcely assure our readers, at the ; wakehouse of Mrs. M'Mahon. On that night they and Teddy Phats were all sitting in their usual .?.domicile, the kiln, already mentioned, expecting IIyey,'when the follow ing dialogue took place, previous to his ap pearance. ' What keeps this lad, Hyey ?' said Bafc ; 'an' a complate lad is in his coat, when he has it on him. Troth I have some doubt whether this same gentleman is to be de pended on.' ' Gentleman, indeed,' exclaimed Philip, 'nothing short of that will sarve him, shure.. To be depinded on, Bat ! Why, then, it's more than I'd like to say, Howanever, he's as far in, an' farther than wo are.' * There's no use our quarrellin' wid him,' saidPhats, in his usual manner. ' If he's in , our power, we're in his ; an' you know he could soon make the counthry too hot to hold us. Along wid all, too, lie's as revengeful as .: the dioule himsolf, and if not a thrifle more so.' ' If he an' Kathleen gets tethered together,' said Philip, ' 'twould bo a good look up for 1 us at any rato.' ??? ??..-;???.??'? ? ?. ? ; ?! Kate Hogan who was the only female pre sent, the truth being that Philip and Ned wero both widowers, owing, it was generally believed, to the brutal treatment which their unfortunate wives received at their hands. ' Dont quarrel wid him,' said she, ' if you can, at any rate, till we get him in our power, an' that he'll be soon, maybe. If we fall out wid him, we'd have to lave the place, an' maybe to go farther than we intend, too. Wherever we went over the province, this you know was our headquarters. Here's where all belongin' to us — I mane that ever died a natural death, or drew their last breath in the counthry — rests, an' I'd not like to go far from it. ' ' Let what will happen,' said Philip, with an oath, i* I'd lose my right arm before Bryan M'Mahon puts a ring on Kathleen.' ' I can tell you that Hycy has no notion of marryin' her, thin,' said Kate. ' How do you know that ?' asked her hus band. 'I've a little bird that tells me, ' she re plied. ' Gerald Cavanagh an' his wife doesn't think so,' said Philip. ' They and Jemmy Burke has the match nearly made.' ' They may make the match,' said Kate, ' but it's more than they'll be able to do to make the marriage. Hycy's at greater game, I tell you ; but whether he is or not, I tell vou again that Bryan M'Mahon willhave her in spite of all opposition.' ' Alay bo not,' said Phats ; ' Hycy will take care o' that ; he has him set ; he'll work him a charm ; he'll take care that Bryan won't be long in a fit way to offer himself as a match to her.' ' More power to him in that,' said Philip ; ' if he makes a beggarman of him he may de pend on us to the back-bone.' ' Have no hand in injurin' Bryan Mac Mahon,' said Kate. 'Keep him from marryin' Kathleen if you like, or if you can j but, if you're wise, don't injure the boy.' . ' Why so ?' asked Phillip. ' That's nothing to you,' she'replied ; ' for a raison I have ; and mark me, I warn you not to do so or it'll be worse for you.' ' Why, who are we afraid of, barrin' Hycy himself?' ' It's no matther ; there's them livin' that pnnlrl rnnlrp irnn si.fpsi.rri. Sin' mn.vbfi Will. f.nn. if you injure that boy.' ' I'd knock him on the head,' replied the ferocious ruffian, ' as soon as I would a mad dog.' ' Whisht,' said Phats, ' here's Hycy ; don't you hear his foot ?' Hycy entered in a few minutes afterwards, and, after the usual greetings, sat down by the fire. 'De night's could,' said Phats, resuming his brogue ; ' but here,' he added, pulling out a bottle of whiskey, ' is something to warm de blood in us. Will you thry it Meeisther Hycy ?' ' By-an-by — not now ; you help your selves.' 'When did you see Miss Kathleen, Masther Hycy ?' asked Kate. ' You mean Miss Kathleen the Proud ?' he replied — ' my Lady Dignity — I have a crow to pluck with her.' ' What crow have you to pluck wid her ?' asked Kate, fiercely. ' You will pluck no crow wid her, or, if you do, I'll find a bag to hould the fedhers — mind that.' ' No no,' said Philip ; ' whatever's to be done, she must come to no harm.' ' Why, the crow I have the pluck with her, Mrs. Hogan, is — let me see — why — to — to marry here — to bind her in the bands of wedlock ; and you know, when I do, I'm to give you all a house and a place free gratis for nothing during your lives — that's what I pledge myself to do, and not a rope to hang yourselves, worthy gentlemen, as Finigan would say. I pass over the fact,' he pro ceeded, laughing, ' of the peculiar intimacy which, on a certain occasion, was established between Jemmy the gentleman's old oak drawers and your wrenching-irons ; however, that is not the matter at present, and I am somewhat in a hurry.' ' You heard, ' said Bat, ' that Bryan M'Mahon has lost his mother P' ' I did,' said the other ; ' poor orphan lad, I pity him.' ' We know you do,' said Bat, with a vin dictive but approving sneer. ' I assure you,' continued Hycy, ' I wish the young man well.' ' Durin' der lives,' repeated Phats, who had evidently been pondering over Hycy's promised gift to the Hogans ; — ' throth,' he observed with a grin, ' derc may bo some thing under dat too. Ay ! an' she wishes Bryan M'Mahon well, ' he exclaimed, raising his red eyebrows. ' Shiss,' replied Hycy, mimicking him, 'her does.' ' But you must have de still-house nowhere but in Ahadarra for alls dats.' ' For alls dats,' replied the other. ' Enough of this,' said Hycy. Now, Phats, have you examined and pitched upon the place P' ' Well, then,' replied Phats, speaking in his natural manner, ' I have ; an' a betther spot isn't in Europe than there is undher the hip of Cullamore. But do you know how Roger Crooke sarved Adam Blakely of Grlcjj ouilP' ' Perfectly woll,' replied Hycy, ' he ruined him.' ' But we don't know it,' said Ned ; 'how was it, Teddy P' ' Why he set up a still on his property — an' you know Adam owns the whole town land, jist as Bryan M'Mahon does Ahadarra — an' afther three or four runnins he gets a bloody scoundrel to inform upon Adam, as if it was him an' not himself that had the still. Clinton, the ganger — may the devil break his neck at any rate! — an' the red-coats— came and found all right, Still, Head, and, Worm.' ' Well,' said Bat, ' an' how did that ruin him P' ' Why, by the present law,' returned Phats. ' it's the townland that must pay the fine. Poor Adam wasn't to say very rich ; he had to pay the fine, however, and now he's a beggar— root an' branch, chicle an' child out of it. Do you undherstand that, Misthcr Hycy?' JSTo,' replied Hycy, ' you're mistaken ; I have recourse to the still, because I want cash. Honest Jemmy the gentlemen has take stand an' won't fork out any longer, so that I must cither run a cast or two every now an' then, or turn clodhopper like him self. So much I say for your information, Mr. Phats. In the mean time let us see what's to be done. Here, Ned, is a five pound note to buy barley ; keep a strict account of this ; for I do assure you that I am not a person to be played on. There's another thirty-shillings note — or stay, I'll make it two pounds — to enable you to box up the still-house and remove the vessels and things from Glendearg. Have you all ready, Philip ?' he said, addressing himself to Hogan. ' All,' replied Philip ; ' such a Still, Head, and Worm, you'd not find in Europe — ready to be set to work at a minute's notice.' ' When,' said Hycy, rising, ' will it be necessary that I should see you again ?' ' We'll let you know,' replied Phats, ' when we want you. Kate here can drop in, as if by accident, an' give the hand word.' ' We'll, then, good-night — stay, give me a glass of whisky before I go ; and, before 2 do go, listen. You know the confidence I place in every one of you on this occasion ?' ' We do,' replied Philip ; ' no doubt of it.' ' Listen, I say. I swear by all that a man can swear by, that if a soul of you ever breathes — I hope, by the way, that these young savages are all asleep — ' ' As sound as a top,' said Bat, ' every one of them.' ' Well, if a single one of you ever breathes my name or mentions me to a humam being as in anyway connected, directly or indirectly, with the business in which we are engaged. I'll make the country to hot too hold you — and you need no ghost to tell you how easily I could dispose of 3rou if it went to that.' Kate, when he had repeated these words, gave him a peculiar glance, which was accom panied by a short abrupt laugh that seemed to have something derisive in it. ' Is there anything to be laughed at in what I am saying, most amiable Mrs, Hogan?' he asked. Kate gave either a feigned or a real start as he spoke. ' Laughed at :' she exclaimed, as if sur prised ; ' troth I wasn't thin kin' of you at all, Mr. Hycy. What wor you sayin'P' ' That if my name ever happens to be mentioned in connection with this business I'll send the whole kit of you — hammers, budgets, and sothering-irons — to hell or Connaught ; so think of this now, and good night.' ' There goes as d ? d a vagabone,' said Ned, ' as ever stretched hemp ; and only that it's our own business to make the most we can out of him, I didn't care the devil had him, for I don't like a bone in his skin.' ' Why,' said Philip, ' I see what he's at now. Sure enough he'll put the coppin' stone on Bryan M'Mahon at any rate— that, an' if we can get the house and the place out of him — an' what need we care ?' ' Send us to hell or Connaught,' said Kate, ' well, that's not bad — ha ! ha ! ha !' 'What are you neighing at P' said her husband ; ' and what set you a-cackling to his face awhile ago ?' She shook her head carelessly. ' No mat ther,' she replied, ' for a raison I had.' ' Would you let me know your raison, if you plaise ?' ' If I plaise — ay, you did well to put that in, for I don't plaise to let you know any more about it. I laughed bokaise I liked to laugh ; and I hope one may do that 'ithout being brought over the coals about it. Go to bed, an' give me another glass 0' whisky, Ted — it always makes me sleep.' Ted had been for some minutes evidently ruminating. ' He is a good bos,' he said ; ' but at any rate our hands is in the lion's mouth, and it's not our policy to vex him.' Hycy, on his way home, felt himself in better spirits than he had been in for some time. The arrangements with young Clin ton gave him considerable satisfaction, and he now resolved to lose as little time as pos sible in executing his own part of the contract. Clinton himself, who was a thoughtless young fellow, fond of pleasure, and with no great relish for business, was guided almost; in everything by his knowing old uncle the gauger, on whom he and his sister depended, and who looked upon him as unfit for any kind of employment unless the management of a cheap farm, such as would necessarily draw his attention from habits of idleness and expenses to those of application and in dustry. Being aware, from common report, that M'Mahon's extensive and improvable holding in Ahadarra was out of lease, he im mediately set his heart upon it, but know not exactly in what manner to accomplish his designs, in securing it if he could, without exposing himself to suspicion and a good deal of obloquy besides. Old Clinton was one of those sheer and hardened sinners, who, with out either scruple or remorse, yet think it worth while to keep as good terms with the world as they can, whilst at the same time they laugh at, and despise in their hearts, all that is worthy of honour and respect in it. His nephew, however, had some positive good, and not a little of that light and reck less profligacy which is often mistaken for heart and spirit. Hycy and he, though not very long acquainted, were, at the period of our narrative, on very intimate terms. They had, it is true, a good many propensities in common, and these were what constituted the bond between them. They wero com pinions, but not friends; and Clinton saw many tilings in Hycy which disgusted him exceedingly, and scarcely anything more than the contemptuou manner in which he spoke and treated his parents. He liked his society, because he was lively and without any of that high and honourable moral feel ing which is often troublesome to a compa nion who, like Clinton, was not possessed of much .scruple while engaged in the pursuits of pleasure. On this account, therefore, we say that he relished ''his society, but could neither respect nor esteem him. On the following morning, at breakfast, his uncle asked him where he had dined the day before. 'With Hycy Burke, sir,' replied the nephew. ' Yes ; that is honest Jemmy's son —a very great man in his own conceit. Harry, you seem to like him very much.' Harry felt a pood deal puzzled as to the nature of his reply. He knew very well that his uncle did not relish Hycy, and he felt that he could not exactly state his opinion of him without bringing in question his own penetration and good taste in keeping his society. Then, with rscpect to his sister, although he had no earthly intention of seeing her the wife of such a person, still ho resolved to be able to say to Hycy _ that he had not broken his word, a consideration which would not have bound Hycy one moment under the same circumstances. ' He's a very pleasant young fellow, ( sir,' roplicdithe other, ' 'and has been exceedingly civil and attentive to me,' ' Ay !— do you like him— do you esteem him, I mean ?' ' I dare say I will, sir, when I come to know him better.' ' Which is as much as to say that at present ; you do not. So I thought. You have a por tion of good sense about you, but in a thou sand things you're a jackass, Harry.' ' Thank you, sir,' replied his nephew, laughing heartily ; ' thank you for your compliment. I am j/oicr nephew you know.' ' You have a parcel of d ? d scruples, I say, that arc ridiculous. What the devil need a man care about in this world but ap pearance ? Mind your own interests, keep up appearance, and you have done your duty.' ' But I should like to do a little more than keep up appearance,' replied his nephew. ' I know you would,' said his uncle, ' and it is for that especial reason that I say you are carrying the ears. I'm now a long time in the world, Masther Harry— sixty-two years— although I don't look it, nor anything like it, and in the course of that time— or, at all events, ever since I was able to form my own opinion, I never met a man that wasn't a rogue in something, with the exception of — let me see— one— two— three — four — fire —I'm not able to make out the half-dozen.' ' And who were the five honourable excep tions ?' asked his niece, smiling. ' They were the five fools of the,,pansh, Maria— and yet I am wrong, still— for Bob M'Cann was as thievish as the very devil whenever he had an opportunity. And now, do you know the conclusion I have come to from all thisP' ' I suppose,' said his nieco, ' that no man s honest but a fool.' 'Thank you, Maria. Well done— you've hit it. By the way, it seems M'Mahon's wife, of Carriglass, is dead.' ' Is she?' said Harry ; ' that is a respect able family, father, by all accounts.' ' Why, they neither rob nor steal, I ? believe,' replied his uncle. ' They are like most people, I suppose, honest in the eye of the law — honest because the law keops them so.' ' I did not think your opinion of the world was so bad, uncle,' said Maria ; ' I hope it is not so bad as you say it is.' ' All I can say, then,' replied the old Cynic) ' that if you wait till you find an honest man for your husband, you'll die an old maid.' ' Well, but excuse me, uncle, is that safe si 'r7r~~- : ' : ; ; ~~ -''doctrine to lay down' before your nephew, or rf myself ?' '?'??-?'?'Pooh, as to you, you silly girl, what have ?'- you to do with it ? We're talkin' about men '-? now — about the world, I say, and life in general.' ? 'And don' you wish Harry to be honest?' ?:??? 'Yes, where it is his interest ; and ditto to ?? roguery, where it can be done safely.' , ;????? 'I know you don't feel what you say, : -Tincle,' she observed, 'nor believe it neither.' ?^ ' Not he, Maria,, said her brother, awakcn -?' ing out of a reverie ; ' but, uncle, as to Hycy '? Burke — I don't— h em.' ' You don't what ?' aslced the other, rising '??and staring at him. 1 ^ His nephew looked at his sister, and was ^'?silent. \- -' ' You don't what, man ?— always speak out. ? Hero,'thelp mo on with this coat. Fether '. tonge and I are taking a ride up to-morrow as far as Ahadarra,' (To he continued.) 