A MISSIONARY AMONG THE ZULUS. : The following story appears rn the Uitanhage Times, which states it was obtained from a Zulu some time ago; — ' Some years since a ? missionary went to the Kind's kraal with a view of converting him and his people to Christianity. He stayed there a few days, and the King agreed to hear him on the following Sunday. Tho Sunday arrived, the King gathered his people together, and also called up two of his finest regiments to henr what message liii'H Vinnn Virnnrrlir, tn riim from the white men. The missionary, being told that they were ready to listen to him, rose and de livered an elegant but short sermon, in which he set forth the beauties of Heaven as compared with the torments of the dark regions. He told them if they lived a good life, did not steal, always spoke the truth, and, above all, kept only one wife, they would after death go to the happy hunting grounds, where they would never miss fcheir game, where they would never die, but be for ever and ever far happier than they were ever, in their happiest moments down here; whereas, on the other hand, if they lived a bad life, and did' what he had jnst told them they ought not to do, they would be cast into a tremendous fire, so large that it would scorch up tho whole of the Zulu nation, thouirh thev were as nu merous as locusts, in a few moments. The chief and people paid great attention to all the missionary said, and when he had finished the King asked him to dine with him. He accepted the invitation, but dur ing the dinner noticed the people rushing ?about in all directions collecting wood, which they were piling up in one spot. The missionary began to feel queer ; he thought it looked ominous ; and the Zulu who told the story said he noticed he did not eat any more, but continued to take large draughts of milk, as if to cool him self. At length the dinner was over, but, before rising, the king turned sharply round to the now affrighted missionary, and said, ' What was that you said this morning about putting the great Zulu people in a great fire after they were dead ? Come this way, and I will show you what the Zulus aro ; you don't know them, I can sec' He took him to the pile of wood, which had by this time reached tremendous pro portions — as big as a Bay store, the Zulu said — and had it set fire to all round. When it was properly in a blazo, and gave out so much heat that no one could come near it, the King summoned the two regi ments who had listened to the sermon, and ordered them to charge into the burning pile and extinguish it. Naked as they wore, without shoes or any covering at all, they rushed into the burning mass like madmen, raving and yelling, and did not stop till hardly a vestige of the fire re mained.- The King then said to the mis sionaiy, ' You have seen that. That is what we' will do with your hell. The Zulu wont play, with your fires, and you had better clear out of this country at once, or I will have a 'little fire' made for you to put out.' The missionary took the hint, and loft the kraal tho same evening. Is it any wonder, ask people, after this, that Gatling guns and rocket batteries have no terror for the Zulus? — and it is certain they have none. The Zulus, when ordered to attack, attack ; and, though they may be mown down by thousands, still come on, until they conquer or dio. It is a tradition among thorn, which Lord Chelmsford would do well ..to take into consideration in his future movements in Zululand.' A Welsh Ghost Story. — A strange ghost story (says the Birmingham Gazette) comes from tho Principality. There is a friendly society at Pontardawo, in the Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceased member shall not bo paid in cases of suicide. One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the club accord ingly refused to pay tho death money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members are complaining that they are subjected to serious persecution from an unseen and presumably a ghostly agent. Tho manifestations began on a recent Sun day, when one of the officers, returning home over a lonely road, was assailed, he asserts, by the spirit of the late member ; who, failing to obtain a satisfactory reply to his demand for the money, in a somewhat unspiritliko manner assailed the unfortu nate man, and actually tore his clothes to ribbons. Such, at least, was the account he gave, in tones of horror, at the first public-house he came to after this terrific encounter. But the ghost does not appear to have been satinfiod with this demonstra tion. On the following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assembled in the lodgeroom, the usual knocks were heard at the door, as of a brother seeking admit tance. The door was opened but no one was to bo seen. The members, however, are all very certain that tho}' heard tho voice of the deceased utter the words: ' Pay my svido n my funeral money, and then I shall bo at rest.' The meeting pre cipitately broko up, and tho members are now puzzled to know what to do with such a determined deceased brother. \ An Irishman tells of a fight in which there was only one whole noso left in the whole crowd, and that belonged to the tea kettle. ? Dreadful Death of a Bukgiak. — A dreadful discovery was made at Sheffield j on ThursdEy morning. Soon after mid-' night a determined attempt was made by ' a gang of burglars to break into a pawn broker's shop, in a suburb known ns tho park. Their efforts wore unsuccessful ; but one of tho burglars climbed on the roof, intending to get down tho chimney into the premises. Very wide at the top, lie had no difficulty in getting into it, but on descending 20 feet it narrowed so much that he was unable either to advance or retreat, and remained jammed for six hours, until the fire was lighted in the shop, and he was suffocated. His moaning was fear ful, and the chimney was pulled down to rescue him, but the man, blackened with soot and partially roasted, died as soon as he was pulled out by the detectives. He proved to be a native of Eyam, named Robert A. Johnson. — llayfidd Advertiser. Chance for Bridesmaids. — As people who have visited the theatre take out of their memories, for a day or so, some of the things that amused them, and laugh again, so young ladies linger lovingly over the details of a wedding. It is a curious ex perience, life in a house full of girls who have just left a marriage party. Their minck arc full of the great theme ; they ' tenderly record each incident; they can think of nothing else ; and they toll each other a thousand times how the bride j looked, and how she dropped her boquet, I and who picked it up again, and how her travelling dress became her. Not other wise than whon, a covey being dispersed, men go round a shoot the straggling birds, ! so admirers might easily win the hearts of | tho fair who are still hovering wistfully j round ths memory of a wedding. Thus nature has provided chances for brides maids; and thus tho superstition that it is unlucky to be often a bridesmaid is justi fied. For if a lady can survive heart-whole and pass unscathed through these moments of sympathy, it is certain that she never will be won. Extraordinary Hallucinations. — A man named William Osborne Figgins, de scribed as a billiard-marker, of Manchester, has been charged at Bolton under tho following circumstances : — Inspector Orm erod said : Shortly before eleven o'clock or. Sunday morning the defendant was wan dering about Derby- street with a lamb in his arms, being asked to explain where he got the lamb from, defendant said he had got it from the champion cricketer at Clifton, near Bristol. He describes him self as an agent for Roberts, the champion billiard player, and said he had come to Bolton to look for an ironmonger who owed him .£6,000,000, with which he was going to build churches, orphanages, and almshouse.s. He added that he had played billiards with the Prince of Wales, and had shaken hands with the Queen. Witness then took him into custody. — The Magis trates' Clerk : Your father was a missionary ? Defendant : No, he was a king. — Magis-* trates' Clerk : Where ?— Defendant ; 16 million miles from New Zealand. — Magis- trates' Clerk : They roasted these mission aries, did thej- not 1 — Defendant : Yes, all at one boiling. — -Magistrates' Clerk : What sort of people are these niggers ? — Defend- ant : Oh, they are the biggest I ever saw ; I have seen some 42 feet high. Defendant was ordered to be sent to an asylum. Profitable Public-Houses. — The Liv erpool British Workman Public-house Company has just issued its fourth annual report, showing a profit of upwards of ,£3300 on the business of the year. There are now thirty-four houses in full working order in Liverpool, with accommodation for 3500 persons. All the houses are open at five o'clock a.m., those at the docks close at eight p.m., those in tho town at eleven. The takings are about £1000 a-week. Ten thousand gallons of coffee, four thousand of cocoa, three thousand of tea, and four hun dred of pea-soup are disposed of weekly. All the employees are total abntainers, and facilities for signing tho pledge are given on the premises. Self-defence Among Plants. — In a recent lecture Mr. Francis Darwin gave some curious instances of the way plants are protected from insects and other dangers. Opium, strychnine, and bella donna, ho said, throe of the most deadly poisions, were all .formed by plants as a means of defence to preserve them from cattle, &c.; A curious use was made of this poisonous property, aF recorded by Living stone, who states that at one place in South Africa the natives were in the habit of catching their zebras by mashing up some poisonous plant in their drinking places. Poppies aro protected by poison from the attacks of goats and probably of other cattle. The strychnine plant was a good example of tho way in which poison was limited to the part of the plant where it was needed. Almonds were also protected by poison, cultivators generally sowing tho bitter kind, as the sweet kind was eaten by mice. Other plants were protected, not by strong poisons, but by some aromatic substance. The fennel, anise, and caraway seeds were examples of this, which were not eaten by the birds on this account. The lime, which was piotected by this aroma, was able to grow wild and hold its own anywhere, whereas. the orange, the citron and the olivo required to be care fully preserved and watohed. The mint, was another oxampio of a plant protected against cattle by this aromatic principle. Flowers sire often more aromatic than the leaves of the plant on which they grow, and owe to this principle their safety from attack, and caterpillars will oven starve to death sooner than eat the flower of a plant the leaves of which they readily devour. Water plants are unprotected, for the reason that water was protection enough. The most peculiar protection perhaps was that enjoyed by the common lettuce, which, when pricked, even by an jmt's foot, spurted up a sticky juice, and enveloped tho in truder, who, biting the leaf from vexation, drew upon himself a fresh shower of cabbage wrath, in which the unfortunate aut was drowned. . 