ON THE NERVES. An interesting book might be. made out of the curiosities of nervousness from a contemporary standpoint. The elder Disraeli has somewhere a chapter on the subject ; but if our memory serves us correctly, his instances trench rather upon the hysterical conditions, the monomanias, the wild fanciful delusions of the disordered imagination, thau upon the prosaic feature of the dis temper. He instances men who could not bear the sight of old women, and fainted dead away if a grandmother showed herself : others who, if they heard a rat in the wall, took it for a ghost and got up and prayed fervently ; and such things. The present age furnishes more rational imaginings, born of the daily papei-s, emphasised by indigestion, and riveted by the surpris ing eloquence of the diurnal quidnuncs. For instance, there are plenty of people living at this moment who would warmly refuse to get into bed before looking under it to see that no man lay there. There are others who pass the night in constant fear of fire ; who, before tliey withdraw to their bed chambers, carefully take out evety fire place in the house, turn off the gas, inspect every room, knock on the servants' doors and inquire through the key-holes if their candles are out ; and after all this bother, go' to bed and lie awake until the dawn with their bed room doors ajar, sniffing at imaginary fumes of burning, and ready to spring out and go raving mad should anythiug like a cry be raised — for these people never make any serious irro vision against fire should fire coma There I are others, again, who will lie night ' after nightin expectation of burglars. A distant footfall will court them to tbe window, where, cautiously pulling aside the blind by the breath of a nose (giving gcope to one eye), they will peer into tlie gloom and mistake some shadow for the figure of a man (wrapped in an overcoat, and with a horsepistol in every pocket), intent upou the par ticular window whence he is being watched. Others will be kept awake by the song of the wind about the casement, or in' the empty rooms around, confounding these natural sounds with the murmur of human voices in the pantry, or on the landing just outside. These are some of the hundred night fears beyond an ordinary imagination to express. But there are daylight fears as numerous, if not always so' agonising. What words can convey the horror ( felt by a certain kind of nervous people who, mating a journey on a railway, are suddenly brought to a stand in a tunnel? Nothing can comfort tliem. Their heads shoot through the windows, their cries lacorafcp the gloomj and the reassuring, shouts of the guard only' aggravate their fright and provoke fresh yells for immediate release. Or. take the mental ? condition of another5 'kind of nervous persons at sea. Every roll of the vessel pleads ^mraiijentjdeatb.- 1 The j carrying 'away of a' water^cisk, the ^nbmentary stoppage of the engines, the cry of a man ou the* lppto.iit, tfaeje^cape pf-ai sail from the gaskets that confine it to the yard, and its consequent bellowing ' upon the gale, the abrupt Bhipping of a j sea, nay, the tumbling of a steward down a. ladder, or 'the fall and smash of a few plates from the leaning saloon table, will strike an indescribable horror, and lead to no end of convulsive cling ings and mumblings of jjrayer. Indeed, it would be possible to fill every page in 'tbis journal with a catalogue of the imaginative afflictions uhder which nervous people labour. Old Doctor Johnson, going back to touch an omitted post, typifies a host of numerous dis orders which need not be mistaken for superstitions,' and which assume a vast number of shapes among us in these days. Take a pavement full of people with a ladder across it from the house top to the kerbstone. How many of the passengers will wade into the mud of the road to save themselves from passing under the ladder? The pro portion of the nervous people iu the world will be happily indicated by such an example. Of every hundred persons, we question if ten would, without hesitation, pass under that ladder. When a man refuses to make his will, because he fears that by doing so he will be hastening his death, are we not to attribute his cowardioe to the nerves? It is a mere convenient apology to call such misgivings superstitions. No one would hope to cuie a priest's faith in a winking Madonna by a course of quinine ; and superstitions of the real sort are assuredly not to be corrected by medical treatment. But our latter day nerves are to be dealt with, and a good many uncomfortable horrors taken out of our minds, by the judicious doctor. ? 