. " Spirits and their Friends." In a pamphlet of thiriy-eight pages, entitled " Spirits and their friends ; being an appeal to reason and to justice," in answer to "Mediums and their dupes," Mr. E. Cyril Haviland strives to overcome the effect pro- duced by the latter publication. Mr. Harold ~W. H. Stephen takes up the tale in " Vaga- bonds and their dupes; being a complete exposure of some errors and misstatements of the ' Vagabond' and certain of his friends." Mr. Haviland and Mr. Stephen write with all the confidence and all the simplicity of un- questioning believers in spiritism, But people 'not yet converted to a faith either in spiritism or in its value to the world may be pardoned for maintaining a sceptical attitude. The manifestations of the spirits usually reported are too childish, too useless, too improbable to warrant incredulous persons in joining the band of which Mr. Haviland and Mr. Stephen are members. Believers will probably read these pamphlets and receive a confirmation of their faith. Let us say that the circumstance that one man, or a hundred men," believe an alleged fact, is no proof whatever of its truth. For ages, men believed tjhat the sun moved round tne earths Dr. Johnson, not a credulous man, believed in the Cocklane Ghost. For proof of alleged facts that lie out of the path of ordinary human experience we need other evidence than*the evidence that some men believe in them. If spiritism had given proof that it was in harmony with the benign order of nature-or say at once in harmony with the loving kindneBB of God, it would have established a mighty claim to cre- dence. The ways of the Almighty are myste- rious indeed, yet he is kind to the children of men, pitying them as a father his children, giving them their meat in due season, clothing the earth with beauty to charm their eyes, Eirishing every manifold faculty of their na e, teaching them to love one another and bear one another's burdens, urging Irliem to efforts for the elevation and thaf?grt?ss of their race, revealing nothing nothï.dobîs not serve a wise purpose, making most ißS 5n vain. "What tells against spiritism its domiíthet minds of people not given over to than supBlath>n is that it is unnatural, rather to the cord'nat«ral. Nature's works are, even fit, or uaefujpontfst observation, beautiful, or none of these\ Spiritual manifestations have become natural three qualities. "When they belief which tbeyM^oy will have a claim to -: -Ado not now possess. 