ENGLAND. TilL IIIIKII UNIVERSITY HILL. DEBATE IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS. The Lord Chancellor moved the second reading of the above bill. The Earl of Kimberley said—My lords, my sympathies personally are not with the Human Catholics, and my feelings would bo in favour of an education controlled by ecclesiastics rather than no education at all (hear, hear). We think principles of a more general kind can he instilled into the minds of the population, and we think if one man is more likely to be led by ecclesias tical authority than another it is an ignorant and ill-used man (hear, hear), and I ask your lordships if this bill alone can be considered a remedy? The provisions are very simple, and it differs from the Act of ISlihin this, tliatit adminis ters very cavalierly the Queen's Colleges and Uni versities ; itdeprives the colleges of their existence and merges them into a new university. Now what is the urgent necessity for this measure? There is the University of London, which is a very successful examining board, and which can give to the Irish students an examination even on the spot if they desire it. Then there is the Dublin University ; so that there does not appear to be any very urgent necessity for this at all. I do not say anything about the estab lishment of this board. I should be the last person to say so, because we proposed in ISfiG that there should be an extension of the powers of Queen’s Universities ; but what I do say is that this scheme is wholly inadequate to remedy the grievances that have been complained of. We have seen last session the Covernment dealing in a liberal, generous, and wise manner with the intermediate education (dicers). What can be the reason for the Covernment treating in a separate manner these questions of university education? The noble and learned lord said the ( iovernment disapproved of the hill in the other house, because it was the endowment of a particular college. The noble and learned lord has said that he could not approve, and the ( iovernment could not approve, of the establish ment of a particular college, and tliatit was incon sistent with the compact that was made as to the surplus remaining from the Irish Church. That is not unnatural, and no one for a moment imagines that endowment of a particular college, meaning the Roman Catholic college—the direct endowment of such a college is a proposal which a (iovernment will make, and I am sure no Covern ment would manage to carry (cheers). Still I cannot for the life of me see why it should lie supposed that this surplus is a fund which it is right to touch for the purposes of these intermediate schools, and which it would be wrong to touch for the purposes of university education. The word endowment has boon very much used and insisted upon, but the noble lord the other night made a remark about grants. Can it be the feeling of the Covernment to propose some grant? If it be, I cannot conceive anything in the present moment more undesirable than that you should have fresh grants voted by Parlia ment year by year for purposes of this kind (hear). Surely we have difficulties enough with respect to these grants already, and surely it is desirable that this should be removed from the arena of party controversy _ (hear, hear). Supposing you could do something like you did last year with the intermediate education— supposing you could do it m such a way as to secure the Queen’s Colleges their fair share of their advantages, and at the same time dispense with Parliamentary grants, you might produce a statesmanlike scheme that would place this question on an important footing. Lord Oranbrook—I think the noble earl who has just sat down is inconsistent, because if he finds this an impossible. solution of this great question, it seems to me the noble earl should have concluded his speech by proposing that the bill be put aside and the house waste no further time upou it, as it could bring no ad vantage to this house or the country. Yet it appears to have this advantage, that he has not been able to say anything against it as far as it goes (hear, hear). I consider the bill is of very considerable importance. I am in favour of education, and believe it is to the interests of all concerned. But, my lords, you have to consider what took place on the occasion when the Irish Church was disestablished. It was then laid down that in Ireland for the future religion was not to be recognised, there was to be no distinc tion one and another ; no sect was to have any advantage that was not possessed by another sect. We saw the enormous difficulties of pass ing any bill upon the question. But when a bill dealing with university education was in troduced in the other house, we thought it was far better we should show what we meant to do, and, therefore, this bill has been brought in (hear, hear). The noble earl has spoken of the poor population of Ireland as if they were per sonally to be admitted to the university. Now, my lords, don’t deceive yourselves, that it is either possible or probable any Government will bestow money with a lavish hand in order to give to the poorer part of the population an education that they could not otherwise get. The question of grants is one that I need not deal with here, for it is not one that this house is conversant with. Now, my lords, a great deal has been done by the Roman Catholics for themselves. They have founded a college which has been distinguished by some very remarkable men who have been connected with it, and who have done much for the Roman Catholics of Ireland, and no doubt will do much more ; and I have no doubt when they have a university in which they superintend the education, steps will be taken to put the Roman Catholics in a position by which they will be admitted to the full benefits of the university which we propose to found. If we were to take the steps the noble earl seems to indicate, we should at once raise a conti’oversy which, by this bill, we are enabled to avoid, and by this bill we are enabled to do justice to every sect and creed in Ireland (cheers). Lord O’Hagan said—My Lords, m my mind it is impossible to imagine an application of Irish money for Irish purposes more legitimate than that which would be made in improving the education of Ireland and so promoting her very highest interests (cheers). Hut surely the action of the last session should make controversy on this point impossible. If it were allowable to give a million of the fund to be spent, inter alia, on result fees confessedly for the asssitance of intermediate schools of all denominations, with what sort of consistency can it be said, that there would bo a breach of faith or violation of principle in bestowing as much to be disposed of in tire same way for schools supplying a higher culture? There was nothing of sectarian en dowment in the first allocation of the mode, although Homan Catholics had the benefit of it, like other people, and there would be as little in the second. The cases seems to me undis tinguishable, and Parliament would be perfectly within its right if it dealt with the second as it wisely and generously dealt with the first. But we have the highest authority for not drawing distinction between them and asserting the constitutional power of the Legislature so to dispose of the surplus, whatever may have been the views originally entertained about it. In the debate on the second reading of the O’Conor Don’s bill in the House of Commons the leader of the House, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, used these words—1' It is free to Parliament to alter the work which had been done by a pre ceding Parliament, and to vary the disposition of funds which were formerly intended to he appropriated in a certain way,” so that principle, precedent, and authority combined to justify conclusively the proposal of The 0 Conor Don in this regard. Altogether it was an honest effort to attain a fair and moderate solution of a difficult question, and if that question be not solved the fault will not rest with the Irish people or the Irish Catholic episcopacy. The reasons for making such an effort and helping it to a hapy issue, are in my mind irresistibly and clearly confessed to be by the hill which has just been presented for your lordship’s con sideration. Utterly inadequate as I believe it to be to satisfy the essential conditions of the full and lasting settlement of a question of capital importance to Ireland, and the Umpire, it is at least an emphatic testimony to the necessity of somehow reaching such a settlement. Of that necessity the declaration and the acts of statesmen ami administrations of every party had already made repeated avowal placing it fairly beyond disjmte. This bill is its own condemnation, Jfahrmia rami COijilatlau. It is a solemn confession of the need of improvement, and it leaves things no better than they were. Assume what this bill confesses to be true that there are very many in Ireland whose convictions must put them in this position, and what have we but penalties still imposed for the free exercise of conscience, and premiums still bestowed for the profession of particular opinions ? My Lords, I do not des pair of seeing this bill amended in its further progress. It is at present an ungainly skeleton. But it may easily be clothed with flesh and muscle, animated with life, and made pleasant to see, and profitable to use (hear, hear). I still hope for the just and reasonable settle ment, which Government has power to make, and from which it will earn gratitude and honour. Lord Leitrim, Lord Donoughinore, Lord Tnchiquin, Marl Spencer, and Lord Powcrscourt 1 spoke strongly in favour of an endowment accompanying the bill. The Marquis of Salisbury—It is admitted 1 that this question is full of difficulty, and we all agree that the present state of affairs in Ireland ! is not one that it is desirable to continue.. You have either to satisfy the ltoman Catholics for an education with religion or you cannot satisfy the people of England as to the endowment of religion in Ireland. We are upon the enchanted ground of old when a knight set out to rescue and imprisoned princess, and the first tiling he did after leaving the enchanted ground was to meet the ghosts of the knights who like him self had set out to the rescue, but who had failed, and they warned him not to proceed, as he, like them, would fail. M e are. now doing the same thing, and one after another the.ghosts get up, instead of warning us from following the path and meeting the fate that they have the only remarks they made is to go thou and do i likewise. I am not here to use any unneces sary despondent language on the subject, the only point that I wish to establish is, that it is a matter of enormous difficulty, and that it is a matter upon which antagonism and strong | opinions will be raised. VN e know what is going on, and if noble lords wrish us at this time i of the year to bring forward a bill which will be I such as to arouse ten times the amount of oppo sition which the Mutiny Bill is causing, all I can say is that the matter had better had better be left to those who may succeed us. If we have not satisfied all the outcries that have been made, at least wc shall remove out of the way a grievance which has been urged upon Parliament many times, and which some years ago noble lords opposite did not think unworthy of their exclusive attention. Wc shall at least he advanced a very substantial step in removing some of the difficulties of which Roman Catho lics can fairly complain in the matter of Univer sity Education (hear, hear). The Earl Granville saltl—l cannot neip re marking that when the Prime Minister made a most decided declaration that lie would not sanction endowments, he said nothing whatever about grants. The noble marquis said wc did not shrink from begging what we called a large and complete measure for the consideration of Parliament and the country, and then he says, “You have failed,” and you say to us, “do thou and do likewise.” (daughter.) M e do say “ do thou and do likewise,” in this sense— to follow the principle which you yourselves laid down last year, and which was adopted and passed in a short time. The Irish Inter mediate Education Act (hear). The noble marquis says the noble earl (Lord Kimberly) lias made a speech against the bill, and yet lie has refrained from moving its rejection. I own that I would be exceedingly unwilling if tin's bill is to be simply and solely the whole plan of the Government. I should be sorry to vote for the measure, which I feel to be utterly inex pedient and inadequate to the necessities of the ease, while, on tiie other hand, I should be unwilling to vote against a measure "which her Majesty's Government declared they thought might settle the question, the more especially as by that vote, if successful, I should prevent it from going to another place where the great majority of the Irish people arc very _ much more largely represented than they are in this House. It is with feelings of this sort that I rejoice that the noble lord has followed the course he lias done in pointing out the objections he feels to the bill, while declining to vote, and wo shall continue as we have hitherto done— to put no impediment whatever in the passage of this bill through the House—but I do ven ture to make an appeal to the (lovornment whether they will not be doing much better even as a question of tactics, to state what they would be inclined to do in the way of grants to complement this measure, whether or not they would consent to act on their own principle of last year, or whether they would leave it to be thought that they were merely trying in this i house, to express it in vulgar {language, to see “ how the cat jumps.” ! The Lord Chancellor — If the university created by the bill were to conic to Parliament next year or the year after and say that for the I purpose of advancing learning in Ireland itwoiikl lie highly desirable that we should arm it with the power to confer exhibitions and rewards of the same kind—if the university came to Par liament with a demand of that kind, no objec tion would be taken by Parliament on the ground that it was a grant for denominational education. It was quite impossible you could make payments to the pupils themselves, but it would be very different in the case of university students, who, while boys at an intermediate school, will be competent to receive and apply the money to their own benefits. You cannot make a restriction of the kind in the case of university students ; and further, the payments in regard to the intermediate schools were pay ments made on the conditions that there should be a conscience clause similar to that applying in the case of primary schools. Therefore, the State makes the payment in Ireland upon the condition obtaining in primary schools. But it is quite impossible to apply the conscience clause in that way in university educatiou. It cannot be applied in the case of university education for these reasons. In the case of primary edu cation the State inspects the schools, provides the books, &c.; ; but in the matter of the uni versity education now desired, the very first demand is that it must not be under this inspec tion of the State, but under the control and in spection of the heads of the Church in which it is sought to make it denominationally in har mony. It is quite impossible that the conscience clause could in any way be applied in the case. It is because of the application of the conscience clause that, after full consideration by those opposed to all denominational endowments, the Intermediate Education Act received the sanc tion of Parliament. I undertake to prove that, so far as regards payment to the collegiate in stitutions, this act would afford no precedent whatever. No, my lords ; I own, in spite of what has been said as to what is not in the bill, that I have a strong hope that the bill will go forward, and I believe it will meet a very tangi ble want, or grievance, if you choose to call it by that name. The Marquis of Ripon—After what has fallen from the noble and learned lord there is the less need for voting against the bill now ; but the noble lord seems to have fallen into some misconceptions. If you require a conscience clause I am not here to object to it. The noble and learned lord will find on again looking back to the history of this question that the Irish bishops were ready to open their institutions to Protestants if they chose to attend, and thus the objection, too, disappears. The bill was then read a second time without any dissent. Their lordships rose at ten minutes past eight o’clock. On the bill going into committee, Earl Granville said—As her Majesty’s Govern ment have not very fully explained their view with regard to this bill, I should certainly be most anxious that it should go to the Lower House for discussion, because no doubt that portion of the Irish people who will be most influenced by it are thus represented, and it is for that reason that I wish to make an appeal to her Majesty’s Government. The noble _ marquis, Lord Salisbury, who is not now in this house, is reported to have made a speech two evenings ago in which be stated that, consistent with efficiency, the changes proposed to be made should be of the smallest possible character. With this I quite agree ; but wc all know that in its present state the bill has been declared to be quite inadequate, not only by Liberal peers, not only by Roman Catholic peers, but even by some noble lords opposite. The noble lord who has just sat down has reminded your lord ships somewhat vaguely of the grievances of the Roman Catholics in Ireland with respect to university education. With regard to this grievance I imagine now there is no doubt that it is felt by the Catholic laity as well as by the Roman Catholic clergy.. I think there is some cause for the complaint of the want of pecuniary assistance, on the ground that poverty absolutely condemns some of the Catholics to be educated by the priests, and this i is accounted for in this way, that the learned people or teachers in Ireland are, like other people, fond of getting married, and they have large families, and the consequence is that they j cannot undertake to teach without having sufficient salaries. On the other hand the I Roman Catholic clergy, who do not marry, can I do the teaching at a much cheaper rate, and the result is that a'cheap training for the universities is only to he had through the priests. It was stated in the Jl.on.se of Commons, and has not been, 1 believe, denied, that some communica tion has been made to the Roman Catholic Bishops, and l think that if her Majesty’s Government cam conciliate the priests on this subject they will not meet witli much opposition from the Catholic laity. If the difficulty in introducing a hill upon the lines of the Inter mediate Education Act of last year is, as has been stated, by the Lord Chancellor, that in the Intermediate Schools there is a conscience clause, and none in colleges, I do not think there will he much difficulty in introducing such a clause. The late Lord Chancellor of Ireland said that there was no objection, and the noble marquis lias reminded me that both bishops and clergy have expressed their readiness to agree to a conscience clause. With regard to inspec tion, it has been said that there is no inspection of the primary schools, but there could be an inspection of the colleges. But the noble lord said that that was because they had nothing to do with private schools, but her Majesty’s Government took 2>ower to inspect any schools, and there are certain denominational schools which will almost immediately receive money from the surplus fund. I trust that her Majesty’s Government will give some clear and distinct reason for making the alterations they propose, and will state why they have changed their minds since the passing of the Intermediate Education Bill of last year. I hope that the Government will, with the view of settling the question, really state the provisions with which they intend for the future to supplement the meagre plan they have put before the house. Lord Emly said—My Lords, I am not going at any length into the controversy as to whether this bill would, if it became law, confer any benefit on those for whose relief it proposes to be intended. I agree with my noble and learned friend near me (Lord O’Hagan) that this bill confers no benefit at all. My Lords, what we ask for is educational equality, and not the lliere empty title of a degree. This is open to us now, but that solvent formation of character, those ennobling associations, that connection of a professor with his own subject, which can only be had in a college—unless you give college life and college training you give us nothing. I assert, therefore, that unless you give those who are excluded by conscience from Trinity College and the Queen’s Colleges the means of having a college of their own, with richly-endowed pro fessorships, with libraries and museums, you do not place them on a level with their fellow countrymen who enjoy those advantages. Ex aminations for those who have not had the opportunity of collegiate education are excellent as a supplement to a university system. They are the only ways of providing for minorities. But to offer such a system to the majority of the Irish nation, particularly when the minority have the better way provided for them, seems to me little less than trifling with a great subject. I agree with what the noble marquis opposite said as to bit by bit reform. When the Secretary of State in the other House intimated this bill, I exhorted my friends to aceept it if it should be found to contain any real concessions. But although it is a good thing to make any step on the road we wish to travel, 1 object to be led into a byepath which terminates in a bog, where I am to have my legs and arms powerless w hile those witli whom 1 have to contend have full play of their limbs. I come now to the second point, in which I take exception to the learned lord’s speech. 1 adhere to the mode of settling this question I proposed some thirteen years ago in the House of Commons. 1 wisli to see the Irish Act of 1793, enabling a new college to be erected in the University of Dublin, so .amended as to allow a Catholic college to be established there. I should like to see the students of this college vie with one another for university honours, associating together as the men of Oriel and Christ Clmreh used to associate when I was at Oxford. This scheme seemed one likely to succeed. It was looked on with favour by many of the most distinguished men of Trinity College, hut they have yielded to the seductive voice of Mr. Fawcett, and the day for its adoption, l fear, has passed, and I therefore have given my entire adhesion to the proposal suggested by the Irish Oovernment, and accepted by the Catholics so entirely that wfith honour they could not recede from it. The 'The noble and learned lord recited his right lion, friend, Mr. Cladstone’s strongdenunciatioiis of concurrent endowment. We have the ad vantage of having Mix Cladstone’s strongly expressed opinion that the principle of the scheme 1 am discussing in no way involves concurrent endowment. The noble lord con cluded by asking the- Oovernment to reconsider their hill, and give the Catholics something they could accept (cheers.) Lord Waveney-—I have an amendment. Earl Granville hoped her Majesty’s Govern ment would give an answer to his notice;. Until this year it had never happened to him in Par liament to put a question or an argument to her Majesty’s Government without receiving an answer of some kind or other. lie addressed the other day what appeared to him notan un reasonable question, and got absolutely no answer. The noble lord, who certainly had a i• iI/ht to speak on Irish subjects, has made1, he would say, a most telling speech ; but her Majesty’s (lovernment had thought it not dis respectful to the house not to give an answer. The noble lord bad made a distinct challenge, and he trusted her Majesty’s Government would condescend to answer the noble lord. The fail’d Chancellor said he had never seen a greater irregularity committed in that house than that which the noble earl the leader of the •Opposition had just committed. A noble lord behind the noble earl had commenced his speech and the noble earl who did not state he rose to order, addressed the house. It would be his duty—to make some observations on the ques tion before tire house. Karl Granville explained that he understood the noble lord whom he had interrupted, was about to move an amendment, and not to be speaking on the general matter. Lord Waveney then moved an amendment, the effect of which was to entitle ladies to take degrees in the new university. The Earl of Beaconsfield thought the noble lord, the leader of the exposition, seemed to be labouring under some misapprehension. The noble lord complained that no answer was given to his observations the other night, but he seemed to forget that on that occasion he practi cally addressed his observations to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack. He thought it strange that the noble earl should complain of the manner and mode in which the Government thought it wisest to allow debates, so far as they were concerned, to be conducted. He felt obliged to note the extraordinary speech of the noble baron who introduced this discussion. He would only say that he knew nothing of the proposition which the noble earl referred to, and nothing had come to him, either directly or in directly, on the subject, and he did not under stand on what authority the noble lord had made the statements which he had made there that evening. Lord Kmly M as understood to say that they were all known to Irish people. The Lord Chancellor said—In answer to the noble lord (Waveney), I may say that this bill contemplates the preparation of a charter almost identical with the words that are found in the ; supplementary charter of the London Univer sity. With regard to conferring degrees upon women, we propose that the senate of this new 1 university should make the rules and regula tions, which would he out of place in this bill. 'The noble lord said that this hill confers nothing. I have always understood that it Mas a hardship which Mas complained of, to be obliged to obtain a degree from Dublin Univer sity. A degree could, no doubt, he obtained without residence from the Dublin University, but in order to do so it is necessary to make an annual payment udiich amounts to almost as much as the fees of a moderate college. The noble lord says, what he M ants is a training and system of college life, M’here there may he residence and the advantages of professors of their own. Let me say clearer what it means. It means, “We M'ant money in order to obtain these things.” Non', as I understand the theory on M'hich Parliament has proceeded, a system of endowments and denominational colleges is one M'hich it is not prepared to accept. 'The lines upon M'hich Parliament has I proceeded, and prefer proceeding for the future, if we are to judge from recent debates, as well as from the long standing practice, are that demands for aid in favour of separate instruction i in the form of endoM'inents for denominational j colleges cannot he aeceeded to. I Mill now pro ceed to consider the mode by M'hich the noble j lord proposed to get rid of this difficulty. He says why not do m hat you did last year ? Why j not proceed upon the lines of the Intermediate Education Act? and he cites as an authority Mr. (dadstoue. In calling Mr. (Jladstone as an authority, let me say that the noble lord should ■ have read a little! farther in the same speech than the quotation upon M'hich he relied. If he had read a little farther lie Mould have seen Mdiere the difficulty lies, Iiecau.se it is very singular that, although Mr. Uladstone’s state ment is in favour of the intermediate measure so far as it relates to payments made to the student, he takes the objection that it might be said, and evidently that it ought to be said, that where you make payments not to the students but to the institutions M'hich educate, you M'ere running counter to the principle of abstaining from endowments of denominational institutions, 'There is no disguising the demand made by the noble lord (Lore! Kmiy), M'hich is the demand always mad(‘, namely—“'That there are two or t three college's in Ireland M'hich are denomina tional, and M'hich are in M ant of funds for their support. We cannot ask you for a grant of money to these colleges, but Me do ask you to make payment indirectly, which, to use the language of a noble lord, will reach these insti tutions.” Now this is the first and overwhelming difference between the act of last year and the . bill which the (Government have brought in. 'There! Mas not, then the slightest intention or desire to benefit any particular school. If they were to receive advantage it Mas to he openly on the same footing as others, but here you meet us u'itli a demand M'hich, if acceded to, Mould take tin: form of endowment, and it is asked for to benefit institutions M'hich M’ould be just as distinctly pointed at by the hill M’ere the demand complied M'itli as if their names M’ere set out one by' one. I am asked what I consider the difference between a conscience clause applied to a college or university and a primary and intermediate school. There is all the difference in the world. If your university and college were scattered all over the country in every parish of every county, just as you find primary and intermediate schools distribu ted there, which would be a strange probability, that they would be resorted to by all persons of proper age in each neighbourhood where they were located, and the protection of a conscience clause would be requisite. Then the case of the schools—the likelihood is that all the youth within their area would attend them, the nearest in most cases being selected, and in order that no boy should be compelled in attending school to take the religious education it might offer. Ydm have a conscience clause. There the con science clause plays a lively and intelligent part. It is useful and necessary, and has a most happy effect upon the diffusion of education through the length and breadth of the land, but what apjdication could it have to a large college set up in Dublin for the collegiate education of the Roman Catholic youth of that city. It could have none at all. Tiie Prince Imperial (says the Spectator) was buried on Saturday, at Cliislehurst, with a stately military cormouial, the Queen herself depositing a wreath of laurels in gold upon the coflin ; and the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Connaught, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Leopold, the Crown Prince of Sweden, M. Rouher, and the Due de Bassano acted as pall-bearers. Prince Napoleon .Jerome and his sons were chief mourners, and were followed by the members of the Bonaparte family, the leading French Imperialists, and the Ambassadors or Secretaries of Legation from the Courts of all Europe, including Cermany. About 12,000 visitors assembled by train, and the entire crowd of spectators, which included many of the foremost names in the country, is believed to have exceeded 20,000. No incident of interest occurred, but it is reported that an interview arranged to have taken place between Prince .Jerome and the Empress Eugenic did not come off. According to one account, the Empress agreed to receive the Prince, but at the last moment, owing to “ a revulsion of feeling,” refused to do so ; but according to another, more generally received by Bonapartists, the Prince drove straight to London, declining to see the widow. Captain Carey has been found guilty of misbehaviour by the court-martial, and has been sent home to England under arrest. There is a persistent rumour that he has been sentenced to be shot, but it is something more than improbable. The same authority referring to theCovern ment Irish University Bill, says :—“ The unmeaning Bill called the Irish University Bill passed its second reading on Monday, and its third on Tuesday, in the House of Lords, in the former case after a slight discussion, in which Lord Emly made a very telling criticism upon it,—a criticism tojwliich Lord Boaconsfield re ferred in his most insolent fashion, when remarking sarcastically that Lord Emly’s noble leader in the Lords had described it as “a most effective speech.” The reason of this was that Lord Emly in this speech referred to communi cations which took place between the Irish Covernment and the Roman Catholic prelates, to which Lord Boaconsfield is very unwilling that any jmblicity should be given, and on the very existence of which lie now desires to threw discredit. Lord Emly said that in February certain proposals were submitted by the Irish Covernment to some of the leading Roman Catholics, and that recently he had seen a copy of these proposals, and had seen it under no seal of secrecy. Lord Boaconsfield angrily treated the whole story contained in “the extra ordinary speech” of the noble Baron as a romance ; said that neither he nor his colleagues knew anything of these negotiations ; and he repeated on Tuesday that if, as he supposed, there was some vestige of fact at the bottom of the statement, it was a very small vestige, and one of which he and his colleagues,—his col leagues, however, not including the Irish Secre tary,- - knew nothing; and that the word ‘ ‘nego tiations” must have hsve been wrongly applied. In the Commons on Thursday, Mr. Lowther, the Irish Secretary, admitted the communica tions, but described them as quite unofficial. No doubt, there is some sense in which Lord Beaconsfield’s disclaimer can be reconciled with facts, but we venture to affirm that it is not likely to prove nearly so natural a sense as that in which Lord Emly’s declaration can be recon ciled with facts. But with a general election in the near future, Lord Boaconslield is, perhaps, even too eager to wash his hands of all compli city with Roman Catholics. If you are not careful, you may sometimes wash a stain in instead of out. In the district of Tambulf, one of the richest provinces in Russia, there are more than 74,000 inhabitants, but there is only SI schools, with an average attendance of about .‘1,310 boys and girls. Formerly a sum or 20,000 roubles was annually devoted to elementary schools, but in the year 1877-78 only 19,000 could be afforded. In more than 100 villages there is no school at all. 