THE ' ROMAN WOLVERINES !— ' THE PRETENCE — EDUCATION ; THE REALITY, IGNORANCE, CREDULITY, AND SUPERSTITION. To tlie Editors of the Protestant .Standard. .... .Sirs,— -In again addressing you upon that sub ject by", courtesy ; called the Pastorals," allow me to say that it is not .with the wish to express my. private opinions, and feelings upon it in my own .words, but through ,a -happy circumstance 1 1 am in possession of some luminous expositions ,of the character of the Great Apostacy to which ; allusion has been 'made, from the minds and hands of masters : and wish those who are not , in such happy ; circumstances, may yet be able to share with me the steadfastness of purpose": to hold fast, the faith, earnestly contested, which -those souhd words emanating from the experience and wisdom of others, are so well calculated to produce. : I cite from a review of a work on "Romish Errors," the author' of which was under the im pression that the views which he had taken had not beforebeen.published.'The reviewer says " The main; object of this work is. to correct the vulgar notion thatr corrupt' doctrine and super stitious practices are'properly the growth of the Romish Churoh ; to; show us that in truth they are the growth of the human heart, and that the whole wilderness of Romish error is nothing more than the natural produce of that evil soil, nourished up with rank luxuriance by the arts of crafty and ambitious men. "Now we, on the contrary, hope to be ac quitted of any propensity towards wanton dis paragement, if we venture to express some sur prise that any -writer of tho present day should imagine that such specialities have anything original belonging to them. That there is in human nature a voracious appetite for wonders which almost invites imposture ; a disposition which makes it as pleasant to be cheated as to cheat — that men are naturally glad to be reli gious by deputy — that the human mind is apt to repose most willingly on the support of an in fallible authority — and that the Papal system has its foundation on the monte testaceo of these worthless fragments of our nature. All this we had hitherto imagined has long been familiar to every attentive student of the history of man. It may possibly be true that these positions have never been formally and systematically developed in a treatise expressly devoted to that object, but we conceive that it may be safely affirmed that this view of the matter is closely interwoven with the speculations of most of the great divines who have explored and laid open the enormities of the Romish superstition. We may content ourselves with a single instance. Dr. Thomas Jackson has one section of his fifth book expressly ' On the identity or equivalency of superstition in Rome-heathen and Rome- Christian,' and he represents the whole ap paratus of deception by which the latter be witched the world as a masterly device of the devil, bent upon turning the credulity and pas sions of mankind to their destruction. The ap petite for delusion and the proneness to sensual indulgence produced all the abominations of heathenism upon a principle somewhat similar to that of demand and supply, and when the pagan market was demolished it was necessary that another should be set up, to feed the same lusts to which the former was indebted for the prosperity of its traffic. The only difference was that the articles exhibited would require additional craft and dexterity in their prepara tion." " It were a brutish simplicity," says Dr. Jackson, " to think the devil could not, and a preposterous charity to think he would not, minister his receipts in a cunninger fashion, since the promulgation of the Goepel, than he did before, although the poison be still the same. Taking it as granted that lie had as great a longing since Christ triumphed over him, as he had before, to work the bane of men's souls throughout Europe, he had been the arrantest fool that ever either undertook to contrive" a dangerous and cunning plot, or adventured to act any notorious mischief or difficult villany, if he had solicited men to gross heathenism, or open profession of allegiance to those gods in whose service they had known their fathers perish, the sudden downfall of whose idols they had seen miraculously accom plished. What -then was to be done but to turn the truth of the Gospel to a lie, in com- pliance with the general craving after falsehood, and the manna of the Gospel into delicious' poison, to sate the depraved and corrupted appe- tites which could not endure the sincere milk of the word ? And' who could thus be better accomplished than by the gradual and furtive introduction of practices and doctrines, such as would pacify the souls which were secretly hungering after the slavish meats of their former bondage ? And what branch of implanted superstition can we imagine in any son of Adam, which may not sufficiently feed itself with some part or other of the Romish liturgy, or with some customs by that Church allowed, concerning the invocation of saints, the adoration of relics, or worship of images. By entertaining either more orthodox conceits of the godhead than the heathens had, or better persuasions of one mediator between God and man than the modern Jews and Mahomedans do, they give contentment to many carnal desires— especially covetousness, preposterous pride and hypocrisy, which would be ready to mutiny if simple idolatry should be restored to its wonted sovereignty. . It may indeed then he said that the Church of Rome is rather the daughter than the parent of superstition — that the Papal per version is but a continuation of the old heathen system, with other names and other forms/ but with a marvellous improvement of artifice— and that both of them are but schemes of accommo dation to the desire, inherent in our deprived nature, of reconciling the claims of the Deity with an unreserved indulgence of our lusts, the sense of responsibility with a practical relief of the conscience from the burden of it. Man, we all know, is a passive and willing drudge who will crouch and sweat under any load which can be placed on his shoulders, rather than take the yoke of Christ upon his heart. It was this servile propensity which first set the master b alders of the Papal fabric on their work, and which, afterwards, encouraged and invited them to carry it on. Their chambers of imagery sprung, up, at first, in quiet, to receive the crowd : of worshippers : who were impatient .for such a refuge, when the ancient structures of idolatry were crumbling into ruins. For a long period the sound of axe or hammer was scarely heard as the edifice was rising from -the 'ground ; till, at last, -the pile seemed to reach up to heaven and to menace and control the earth. . - - - " I now quote from Dr. Vaughan's address at St. John's College, reported in Herald's issue of 18th September -"I said the resurrection is on tho vault in front of you ; ' at your back is the ascension ; on the right hand Christ walking on the waters ; and, on the left,. a representa tion of the descent of the Holy Ghost." ' I have not time to explain the pictures on all the walls. I will confine myself to this left- hand wall— to my one page of this : beautiful mediæval book. Look again at, the vault; Hero you see' the Madonna and the disciples in the upper room ; below them the Medes, Parthians and Elamites are represented ; and those three dogs (wolves'?) are there to signify "that the coming of the Holy Spirit brought gentleness even towards dumb animals," . Here is a fine sample of the spiritual pabulum administered by one of Rome's' master minds to her starving children ! Now, let us look at - the other side of the 'page of this beautiful 'mediæval' book— the/ page 'for Rome's enemies— Protestants— to' read, and what do we see? There we behold the vaults of the infernal Inquisition ; arid how are its walls painted ? With the blood of those noble spirits who preferred death to livingras slaves under the lies and abominations of the Romish Church. And what were the instruments used by those artists, the inquisitors and their minions ? " When Popes ruled and the Ohnrch was mistress of civilized society, and when saints walked the earth, or had done so not long since," as Dr. Vaughan so prettily puts it ! Look at the walls covered with the instru ments of torture, the iron boot and neck collar, the pincers, the gridirons, the racks, the beau tiful embracing Virgin, and — but I need not waste time in turning over another page of this beautiful medieval book of Dr. Vaughan's, enough is already seen to explain how those dogs are there to signify the spirit of gentleness — not to dumb animals, but to human beings in God's image, that rules in the bosom of the Holy Church against those who refuse to believe in her lying abominations. And I say to you, my fellow-Protestants, never forget that this same spirit of hell is still slum bering amongst us, is it not made manifest to us?— If the Romish hierarchy themselves believe in the efficacy of their sacraments, and that the souls that quit the bodies from which those sacraments are withheld, will perish in ever lasting fires ; and that they (tho hierarchy) who believe they hold this awful power, will so condemn those to everlasting fires who disobey them, even in tho matter of taking their chil dren from our public schools, would not every damnable atrocity of the Inquisition again be carried out by such men upon all their fellow- creatures who dared to disobey them, if they had but the power ? And it is only our Protest ant strength that prevents (them. May God preserve it to us ! These Romish Pastorals, addressed to the "faithful " in their own places of worship were bad enough, but as publicly addressed to Pro testants, they are either a wanton insult, or a stroke of Rome's policy to ascertain how our Protestant pulse beats ; but in either case the hierarchy have done good service to the cause of faith and liberty in showing so decidedly their teoth,and so exposing the "nature of the beast." By doing this they have thoroughly aroused our Protestant British bull dogs, and so sure as the threat of coercion is attempted to be carried out, and these dogs are let slip, it will take more than the hierarchy, backed with all the: Inquisi torial power of the Jesuits, Marists, Dominicans, and tho other Papal regiments can do to put their muzzles on again. They, the hierarchy, may rest assured that all true Protestants will stand shoulder to shoulder and die at their posts rather than submit to the body and soul degrading tyranny of Popery, which they are sent out purposely to endeavour to itripose upon this colony." Danger undoubtedly is imminent. We know that at.the Reformation the Roman snake was only "scotched, not killed," and that this leviathan of all iniquity, like that of the deep, is getting into its death flurry, and although we , know tho monster is conquered, all around must stand on their guard whilst a' sign of life remains, for. so long as it does, there will Satan— the spirit of falsehood, deceit, and cunning, be doing battle to the last.' As a matter of course we must expect some defenders of the hierarchy, -with the ingenious- ness so well taright them in Rome's schools, accusing us of . fanaticism, misrepresentation, and insulting them, because instead of bowing in meekness and submission to the insults and threats so unsparingly and glaringly heqped upon us in the manifestoes, we have both the animal and moral courage to decline' the gentle ness and charity which Rome would force upon us if she had the power ; but those who live in Roman conservatories must accept the cori- sequences when they commence throwing stories. Yours, faithfully, PERRAN-ZABULVE. September, 1879. 