POETRY. THE DANCE OF DEATH. The wayder looked down at the dead of On the graves where the dead were sleep ing. And clearly as day, was the pale moonlight O’er the quiet churchyard creeping. One after another the gravestones began To heave and to open, and woman and man Bose up in their ghostly apparel. Ho, ho, for the dance, and the phantoms out sprnng, In skeleton roundel advancing, The rich and the poor, and the old and the young, But the winding-sheets hindered their dancing; Ho shame had these revellers wasted and grim, Bo they shook off the cerements from bady and limb, And scattered skem over the hillocks. They crooked their thigh-bones, and shook their long shanks, And wild was their reeling and limber, And each bone, as it crosses, it clinks and it clanks Like the clapping of timber on timber. The warder he laughed, though his laugh was not loud, And the fiend whispered to him—“ Go steal me a shroud Of one of those skeleton dancers'” He has done it 1 and backward with terrified glance To the sheltering door ran the warder, As calm as before looked the meon on the dance, Which they footed in hideous order. But one and another retiring at last, Slipped on their white garments, and onward they passed, And a hush settled over the greensward. Still one””of them stumbles and tumbles And taps at each tomb that it seizes, But ’tis none of its motes who has done it this wrong, Fot it scents its grave clothes on the breezes. It makes the tower gate, but that drives it For 'twas nailed o’er with crosses—a goodly And well was it so for the warder. It muEt have its shroud—it must have it be The quaint gothic carving if catches, And upwards from storey to storey it climbs, Andscrambles wiih leaps and with snatc ties. How woe to the warder, poor sinner be'ides. Like a spindle-legged spider the skeleton strides From buttress to buttress, still upward. The warder he shook, and the warder grew And gladly the sh o id would have yielded. The ghost had it.- clutch on the last iron rail Which the top of the watch-tower shielded. When the moon was obscured by the rush o! a cloud, ONE 1 thundered the bell, and nnswatked by a shroud, Down went the gaunt skeleton crashing. — Gent he. 