Our Sydney Letter. |from our own correspondent.] March 3. Tuesday, February 25, was a great day for New South Wales-one that is sure to con tri- buto an important item to future colonial almanacs. It is about ten years since the Duke of Edinburgh laid the fouudation-stono of Cap- tain Cook's statue, and since that time, up to hist week, the pedestal baa beon a ataudiug reproach to Australian patriotism. It was old Captain Watson that first suggested the idea» of a statue to the memory of Cook, and the hard v old cult has lived to aeo tho proj ect happily carried out. Ho was " presouted " to the Governor on the occasion of the unveiling the statue, and was looked upon as a sort of hero nnd benefactor. An iinuiouse concourse of people assembled io and about Hyde Park to see the statue of tho great navigator uuveiled. Tho day was proclaimed a public holiday, and as the weather was favorable tho peopto turned out in great force to do houor to the momory of the man who discovered their country. It is estimated that there wore hotween fifty and sixty thousand people present, in- cluding, of course, all tho leading personages of tho colony-except the Cliief Justieo-who never ia to bo soon iu tho sa-jie company with Sir Hercules Robinson. The hatchet ¡b still im buriod between them, I am Borry to say. A grout foature ¡n the demonstration was the íjiícníc cordiale of hoatile societies. They buried the hatchet iu earnest. Fancy Orango and Catholic societies inarching together in tho same procession, displaying their regalia, nnd, by mutual agreement, playiug party times such us "Croppies, lie down," and "Protestant boys,"' and extending to each other the right baud of friendship and goodwill. Why, in "another place" they would bo flying at each other's throats. Hero they oxchanged lusty British cheers. For some reason or other, which was novor satisfactorily oxplaiued, Sir Hercules Robinson fixed the hour for tho ceromony at half-past i in tho afternoon, and all the solicitations of the committee, backod up by tho requests of tho friendly societies and by the forco of public opiuion, failed to move lum to unveil the statuo at noon. There was oven a day's racing at Rand- wick, which his Excelloncy could nothuveattonded had ho agreed to tho request of the committee, and that was a powerful attraction. Howovor, tho whole affair passed off with immenso cal'at. Sir Hercules made a capital speech, but it was heard by comparatively few, and thoso who wished to know what the speaker said had to search, the nowapapors next day. Sir Hercúlea ltobiason preparoa all his important speeches beforehand, and hnuds tho manuscript to tho reporters* This time ho waa biographical and didactic-giving a capital sketch of the life of Cook and holding bim up ns an oxamplo for Australians to follow-a man of infinite courage, fortitude, pationco, self- denial, and resource, mid who wns unsurpassed iu tho two great elementa of social virtue-respect for tlio rights of othors and sympathy for their sufloriugs. When bia Excel- lency finished his rather lengthy speech he directed the statuo to be unveiled. It was en- veloped in nn ampio (lag, and six seamen (chosou for their length of service nnd good conduct) hoisted tho bunting mid revealed Hie finest Bpccimen of the sculptor's art that has over crosBed the liuu. Tho artist is Thomas Woolner, and this is said to bo his best work. The statue is in bronze, and measures 13ft. Oin. from crowu to foot. It stands on a pedestal of between twenty and thirty feot in height, nnd faces north-north-east. The site is in that portion of Hyde Park south which immediately faces tho Sydney Musoum in College-streot ; and Park street, which runs through the park, ia directly in front of tho statue. The uguie, therefore, commands a fino view of tho harbor and tho hoads. It can bo aeon from véasela coming up l'ort Jackson. Notwithstanding its maaaivoness, tho attitude of tho figuro is easy mid natural, lu the loft hand ho holds a closed telescope, wbilo tho right arm is raised mid the hand open, seem- ing to point in triumph to the ocean bayoud. Tho drapery is most artistically revealed-tho open laced coat nnd buttoned vest euvolopiug a faultless figuro, and boing in keeping with the kiioobreechesaudbuckludshoes of the period. The linea of the fuco aro strongly marked ; the ex- pression being one of severity rather than of re- poso. Sovernl good illustrations of tho staluo have boen published in Sydney, and Siiudn mid Co, have issued a capital lithograph of Cook. Porlinps tho rnoBt curious effect of tho demonstra- tion is tho prolific crop of poets (?) the occasion has called forth. One superannuated Civil ser- vant was taken very bad that way, und Mr. Q. H. Reid, tho frco-trado essnyist, must needs Bwell the list of gushers. Mr. R. Adams bus contributed a very respectablo poem-the only readable one I havo seen ; but Mr, Adams is a poet-tho rest very indifferent rhymers, Sir Hercules Robinson's departure ia defiuitoly fixed for March 15, His Excellency will not, therefore, bo ublo to attend the rotura ball to the Mayor, which takoa placo ou May 7. Political affairs have beeu quiet during the week, but the business transacted was not un- important. Tho Couucil promptly passed tho Felons' Apprehension Bill at one sittiug, and roturüed it with amondmuats to \\\\\o Assembly -. lho Assembly sent it back with a now amend- ment; and the Couucil effected yet another alteration, in which tho Assembly concurred, and bo the mensuro became law. Wo bonr nothing of tho Kellys yet, and an impresBiou is getting abroad tbiifc thoy havo loft Victorian territory and so given the polico tho slip. But it waa u great satisfaction to hear of the speedy arrest of tho two gunga that started in tho busli ranging busiaesa iu New South Willi'», This is a feather iii the cap of our polico. The Premier thought the information good enough to officially communicate to tho Assembly, wilora it was woll received. There is an easier feeling in banking circles since these arrests were made. And, talking of banka, a bill has boen passed by the Assembly that will require, if it become law, all monetary institutious, whether issuing notes or not, to publish a statement of their assets and liabilities periodically. This is with a view to the protection of the public. And from banking to public finance is un easy aud natural transition. Members of tho Assembly generally are anxious to hear what Mr. Stuart would have to say about Mr. Watson's budget speech, especially aa his Tecont trip to Europe muBt have added to his experience of monetary alliiirs. "Woll, this crack financier, who is a. powerful friend of the Government, spoke chiefly in a strain of warning, the burden of his song being an exhortation to put on more taxes mid depend less upon the proceeds of our land sales for meeting our engagements. It is not tho first time this same note of warning has been keaid within the Legislative halls, and probably it will not bo the last. Whatever Government proposes addi- tional taxation is sure to encounter a storm of opposition, under the plea that the additional charges proposed are not the right sort, and tho " poor man's friend" will of course bo well to the fore iu the encounter, Severul of tho speakers during the financial debate wero down on the Government with great severity for not having proposed additional taxation, among tho loudest of the critics being that equivocal supporter Mr. Greenwood, who went the length of saying that ha felt, like Falstaff, ashamed to march through Covontry with Buch a ragged army. Ho strains at comparisons as well as at gnats, you boc This gentleman is otemally prating about party Government; yet his party aro barely ensconced in the Treasury benches when he takes the first opportunity of turuiug traitor by playing them off into the hands of the Oppo- sition because they don't conform to all his notions. The truth is, scarcely anybody ex- pected a proposal to alter the tariff from the present Government during the first session of their reign. What is really desired is to close the session with as little delay as possible ; and the programme is already too lengthy without encumbering it with that exceedingly debatable subject an altered tariff. There is a good three months' work cut out for the Parliament now. The financial debate ia not concluded, the Sydney Corporation Bill has to bo recommitted, the Land Bill has not yet been read a second time, the Estimates havo not been touched, and there is the Chinese Immigralion Bill, the Liquor Licensing Bill, and the Water Supply Bill, all subjects of first-rate importance, to be taken up and disposed of before the session closes, besides miscellaneous matters of minor significance. Mentioning the Corpora- tion Bill reminds me that the liberal endowment proposed in that measure (and which has been anticipated by a special vote of £25,000 to save the city affairs from a deadlock) has stimulated the country and suburban municipalities to send in a claim to the Government for a apodal en- dowment. It is nn orgnnised scramble. The claimants went about it in a sensible way, the claim being presented by a deputation of some thirty inoinbere of Parliament, A Government that could resist such a pressure as that would bo a phenomenon in this sountry. What ia wau ted is an amount equal to- the rates of each municipality in the colony for- the year. And it is understood that this little- shot at the big bag will come off triumphantly for the shooters. Ab to the City Corporation, their affairs were really getting serious. Last ws»k over 200 of tho laborers wero discharged, and thore was some talk < f the gas supply being; gut off from the Corporation lampa. The civic authorities, howovor, havo been put on their legs again by the Parliamentary voto of ¿625,000, which was passed in the Temporary Supply Bill for Feb- ruary. Tlio council of the Agricultural Seeiety are pushing forward their arrangements forthe April show, which is to do duty this yea» for the annual Intercolonial Exhibition ; but the unfor- tunate impecuuiosity of the City Couaeil has operated against thom, inasmuch as the muni- cipal authorities nre ghosting the society »bout a " little bill " of £500, which the society aire not prepared to pay till the bIiow is over ; aud the council is also unable to put the show grouud ia proper order for the recoption of exhibits. More trouble nud expense for the society. The autumn show of the Horticultural Society of New South Wales waa held last week in the Botanical Gardens, and, as usual, was a source of gratification and delight to a lnrge number of pooplo, These ti oral and shrub displays ore the oasos of city lifo, and cover a multitude of its defects. Lust week the annual meeting of the sub- scribers to tho Sydney Infirmary-tho principal hospital in the country-was held, andi a satis- factory report was presented. The director» havo left otf quarrelling with each othen, ana are doing good honest work for the aiok. and dis- tressed. The ruins of the old structuro are fast disappearing, and competitivo designe, for the now huildiug nre now under consideration. Weathor very variable. The autumn baa been ushered iu with bountiful rains, which, will do an ¡inmenso amount of good to the country. 