Lost in the Winning By "Dreaming." CHAPTER XXI. "MAGGIES SECRET." Procrastination íb the ruin of a niMi, or mag- pie either ; now I've been putting off the con- tinuation of this veracious history in the whirl of events that have been chaaiug one another lately, until I really hardly know where to pick up the thread of my narrative again. It ¡B twelve months or more since that bazaar, and the , ohanceB and changes of this mortal life have been ' something wonderful in than time ; they have .quite upset all my calculatious, and rendered me a sadder and a wiser bird. The event of the times is that Bloomington has become a benedict ; two month« ago you might have seen an announcement in the morning paper " Bloomington-Dunwink ;" if you didn't see it, I did, and that's enough to establish the fact I hope. The Bouncer's opinion of Mrs. Bloom- ington is thatshe is the mostcharming aud delight- ful woman she ever met ; but Agatha always does gush over a now acquaintance, so that'B nothing My opiuion of Mrs. Bloomington is that sho's * about as handsome a woman as I ever saw, and I wouldn't peck her for a king's ransom ; for she'd just watch her opportunity and wring my neck if I did, with about as much compunction as I'd feel at killing a beetle. Bloomington has become quito a shining light ' in politics lately. I always thought ho was emi- nently adapted for a Queeuslaud legislator, and he has borne out my sui mise. Ho belonga to the Great Liberal party. I havo but a vague idea what thit is, but believe it to be the party that brags the most ; but then it's hard to say which side does that. At any rate Bloomington antici- pates being Minister for Lands or something of that sort, if they succeed in turning tho Govern- ment out ; which they intend to attempt shortly ; meanwhile, from what I hear, Mrs. Bloomington has created rather a sensation in the polite circles of Brisbane society. She fairly took the town by 'Btorm. She's actually mado Bloomington tole- rated for her sake. I heard her discussed by a full conclave the other afternoon ; all women, of course ; and Bhe was damned, sir I damned beyond redemption ; as old Mayor Siugleton used to say to Jr.ck up on the stutiou when they got into a fierce argument about something. Not one of them said a word actually against her, but Lord i what did they uot insinuate ? The Montforlat girki took it up first, and were fol- lowed by Mrs. Duncraigie, who gave it as her opinion that Mrs. Dunwick was wonderfully pre 1 sentable couBideiing how little she must knuw of the htau. monde, as Bhe neatly put it. The ghost of an amused smile crept ovei Clara's face. Mrs. Duncraigie, nee Miss Potts, was a barmaid ou a flourishing diggings township when she con- quered the susceptible heart of the gallant Dun- craigie ; but, my dear boy, we're not supposed to know that ; you believe in my little fiction, and I'll accept yours ; let us be select or perish. "What or who was she?" said Esmeralda Jones ; "there are so many stories about bei." "Well," returned Mrs. Duucraigie, "herfather was a shepherd on one of Mr. Bloomiugton's stations, and he fell in love with her and married her." Apparently this souuded as though Mrs. Bloomiugton's father had fallen in love with and married hia daughter ; but Mrs. Duncraigie was above such little considerations as involved sen- tences. " I don't think that he was a shepherd," said Clara mildly. " 0, but I assure you he waa ; I have it on the very best authority." " But Sedgemoor is a cattlo station ; and as a rule they don't employ shopherds on a cattlo station,'' suggested my little inisttees Bweetly. " I don't know anything about that," retorted the member of tho beau monde, " but I know that he was what I say." "I heard that she was a bal maid at Cook- town," said Esmeralda Jones with sublime un- consciousness, or apparently so, " Well," reinarkeel Clara ; " as an intimate in fact one of my brother's best friends owns the next station to Sedgemoor, and knew Mrs. Bloomington when she waB Miss Duuwick, per- haps I may be pardoned for trying to put you right. Mr. Dunwick was managing the station for his brother, who was Mr. Bloomington's partner. He and his daughter carne hero from South America, where he had beeu ruined over a silver mine, in which ho had invested all his money. To judge from manner and appearance I should say that Airs. Bloomington had a more intimate acquaintance with the beau monde than any of iib here." I could have patted my little girl on the hack for this speech ; I knew sho had forty good reasons for not liking Mrs. Bloomington, and only one in her favor-that ono being the fact of her having married Bloomington ; but sho felt that she had to take her part, and did it accord- ingly, like the little brick she always is. I knew there would be some hard-hitting directly, and waited chuckling. " Yes," said Mrs. Duncrnigio ; " I admit that she is good-looking, and dresses well, but there's a something, an absence of ¡taut ion-" " Of what '" said Clara gently but distinctly, at which Esmeralda Jones sniggered audibly. Mrs. Duncraigie got very red, and looked at Clara as though she would like to- to kiss her ; hut she felt that her reputation was at Btake, and went at it boldly again : " Of kaut ton ; a want of-well not exactly refinement but a Bort of je ne sais quoi." She hurled this last phrase defiantly at Clara ; but my little girl was never ungenerous, and said nothing. " Her manner has not that repose that Btamps the class of Vere de Vere ;" remarked the Bouncer, who had been very quiet, considering her dear friend was under discussion. " I think it baa, to a marked extent ; but sup- pose we spare her for a while." " I'm Burs nobody's said nothing against her," Bald Mrs. Duncraigie losing her temper and her grammar at the same time. "But I must say for a married wonjan ^hat she lays herseli out for admiration a good deal," put in the Montforlat spitefully. "So would we if we had the same good reason," returned Clara calmly, "Speak for yourself, Clara," aaid Agatha in- dignantly. " So I do ; I like being admired, and should be glad to get as much admiration and attention as Mrs. Bloomington gets ; but as I'm not bo good looking I have to put up with a smaller portion : of course nobody here cares anything for it." " I think it's all very well for a young girl ; but married women should dispense with it," said Mrs. Duncraigie, who from her appearance was one of many, supplied by contract, and had probably had to dispense with admiration for some time,.and assumed airs on the strength of it. "A good many do," remarked Clara, apparently to me, in a stage aside. " But," went on the stickler for the proprieties, who was only half civilised and apt to lose her temper, "I can't see anything about that Mrs. Bloomington to make a fuss about ; she's got a bit of a color certainly, but one of her eyebrows is all crooked. " But she's got beautiful hands ; so well shaped," said Esmeralda Jones, who had col- loquially apeaking a down on the last speaker, whose hands were built on a large and uBeful pattern. " And they're never prominent ; she doeBn't appear to find them in the way at all," added Clara in a tone of exaggerated Bweetness. Mrs. Duncraigie glared fiercely, and took her hands out of her lap where they had been com- fortably reposing in a manner that certainly drew attention to them ; but she was not going to be beaten. " Well I'm glad you told us all about her, for after the stories I'd heard I scarcely knew whether to call or not. You see Mr. Duncraigie's very particular about whom I know ; he's peculiar in his tastes." _ Ah I so I should think," returned Clara ; with a scarcely perceptible glance at her opponent from under her long eyelashes that Bent the rejoinder home. "Not going, are you ?" and the women shook hands fondly, as if nothing spiteful had passed, and one of them at least did not long to fall on the other and rend her. I think Clara's the mo3t unpopular girl in Brisbane : Bhe's got one friend, Mrs. Mortmain, who shares her unpopularity, and I am afraid urges her on in such little encounters as the late one; Now the Bouncer's got scores of friends ; she's voted a jolly girl, and no nonsense about her, by all the young fellows, and is decidedly a favorite ; and yet one of Clara's little fingers, or Mrp. Mortmain's either, is worth bíx Agathas ; bo much for the appreciation of you men and women I I've got to like Mrs. Mortmain very ' Bight of re-publication reserved by the Author. much, she's got such frank, honest, gray eyes ; I'm always glad to see her, and behave myself properly towards her. This last year has brought a deal of changes. James has boen straightened, np, as Jack terms it. Jack dill the straightening proceBB ; he found out about James' augmenting his income by collecting debts for Bloomington, on commis sion, and promptly put a stop to it. Also, for some reason or other, he-Jack- and Nevil have ceased all those mystcrioua enquiries into Bloom iugton's affairs, that seemed to intereBt them bo. So far aa 1 could make out, this marriage of his stayed them ; I heard Nevil say that it " would now be much the same," whatever that meant, and " that Providence had settled things without their interference ;" in all of which Jack, who ia of an indolent disposition, quite coincided. Wickleham of course is of the past, nnd Agatha has had sevoral little affairs since then. I am still in the prime of health and vigor, and able to take my own part as usual. There is, how- ever, one little thing I miiBt go back to, and that is the meeting that Blooomington arranged with Bell. I was at the rciirfcruotis a week after the bazaar, but Bell was before me and walking up and down in an evident fit of bad temper and impatiouce. I felt glad I was not to have the honor of an interview. Bloomington kept her waiting about ten minutes, and Bhe'd worked herself up into a pretty little passion by that time. "Ah I Bell, good evening !" he said when he came, as though it was quite an accidental eu .counter. Sho muttered something sullenly in return ; it might have been either a salutation or a curse, probably it was the latter. " Let's Bee," said Bloomington airily, " whnt was the particular business you wanted to see me on ?" The girl Btamped her foot. " Great Heavens ! do you want me to lose the little temper I have left ; how could you remember to come hero if you forget what it was for ?" " Well, I'll tell you what it was for: to warn you to keep your tongue quiet about me and my affairs ; to forget that you know me, or anything about me; in fact not to make a fool of yourself any more." Bull drew a long breath ; and said half aloud : " I thought as much ; go on Mr. Bloomington." "' Well ; I have said, remember." "0, no," his compauiou returned in an unnatu- rally calm manner ; " you haven't told me why I should do all this." " Because if you keep quiet I'll bohavo hand- somely to you as far aa money go s ; and if you don't I'll have you run in-shopped ; you under- stand that language 1" " You will ? you have tho cheek to threaten me, you-;" aud she broke out into a torrent of abuse and scathing invective that must have made Bloomington writhe again. Being a young person of a naturally high spirit, and not accus- tomed to pick her language, her remarks on the gentleman in frout of her were characterised by a strict fidelity iu calling a spade a spado that put her opiniou of Bloomington iu an unmistak- ably clear and pronounced light. "Confound you, hold your tougue, or I'll make you !" ho cried angrily. "How will you make mo !" she replied taunt- ingly. He clenched his fist and strode a step nearer to her ; but she only laughed and never flinched. " Look there, before you do anything," she said, pointing past him. Bloomington turned round hastily ; some short distance off a mau was standing leaning against a post, and gaziag into the river, apparently quite unconscious of the neighborhood of the pair. " So you brought a bully with you?" Bloom- ington remarked sneeringly. " It's as well I did," retorted the girl ; " why don't you do what you were threatening just now ?" " You had much bettor liston to reason ; what harm, can you do mo ?" said Bloomington chang- ing his tone suddenly : " yon have somo yarn about your sister, which is nothing, when all's Baid and done, nnd what do you know besides?" " I thiug Armstrong has got somo information concerning you that you would not care about hearing." Armstrong will soon bo nearly a thousand miles from hero ; he's gone out to look after a station, right outside." " When did ho start ? I saw him a week ngo." " He started somo few days ago." " And I suppose you think yourself safo now ho is away." " I don't think anything of tho kind ; what absurd notion have you got into your head ! Armstrong had a grudge against me, or thought he had ; but I have nothing to fear from him." " I'll find out that ; I'll see him again." " Wky on earth can't you listen to reason ? you think I played your Bister false ; but, admit- ting that, I have done neither more nor lesa in that respect than any other man has. How can I help it now ? she left me of her own nccord, and is probably very comfortable somewhere at the present moment." " 0 yes," said the girl half crying, " you are frightened of Armstrong, or why did you put me off for a week ? I can see through it all ; but it makes me mad that I can't prove anything," and she Btamped impatiently again, which seemed a characteristic habit with her. Bloomington said nothing for a bit ; then, when this emotional young party had grown calmer, he remarked that as ho did not want to stand there all night he'd go home. "Better taken my advice, and drop these heroics ; have you not troubles of your own, without constitut- ing yourself your sister's avenger?" he added. " Yes, enough and to spare ; but none like hers, a poor little girl of sixteen ! nobody but such a cur aa you would have injured her ; but I'll wait, and my time will come." " Well, this ia getting monotonous ; if you're hard up and want some money, I'll give you some : if not-good-night !" " Well, I'll change my mind," returned Bell recklessiy ¡ " money's sure, and revenge is not ; I'll cry quits with you ii JO" like," " That's moro like eenèe ; do you want' nn.v now ?" " Yes, if you have some with you." Bloomington drew some notes from his pocket and offered them to her. " Have you any Bilver, any change?" she asked, not taking the proffered notes. " You're very suspicious !" he returned, taking out some Bilver and handing it to the girl. She took it, stepped back a pace, and then, before he could divine herintention, threw the coins straight and hard into his face. " So much for your money !" she said, and turned hastily away. Bloomington swore a mighty oath, and put his handkerchief up to his face. I can testify to the force of the young lady's arm, for oile half crown missed its mark and hit me, and I was quite satisfied with that ; I should not have liked the whole handful, Bloomington went off swear- ing to himself, and I followed Bell, who had joined the man who was waiting, and who turned out to be Jack. Bell had got into the weeping stage again ; and Jack was puffing at a cigar as he walked along without speaking a word. When near the place where they had had the first interview they stopped. " 1 suppose there's nothing moro to be done," said the girl, who was still in a sniffling con- dition. " Well I think you've done very well for to- night," returned Jack referring to her last ex- ploit. I thought so too, for I was still sore, but I did not put my word in. " And you're not going to do anything more ?" " I expect to hear from Mr. Nevil shortly and then we'll see." " Never mind," said Bell, who seemed in some danger of a relapse ; " I'll see it out myself. I'll wait, and I'll wait, but he Bha'n't escape me. Why do you want to leave off now ?" " Well, I can't explain it very well, but there's a likehood of others being mixed up in it ; and bo far as I am concerned he is no longer likely to cross my path, so I have no reason for finding out any delinquencies he may have committed." " Leave it to me, then ; I won't give it up, though you do throw me over." " Nobody contemplates such a performance, my dear girl. I believe you are acting honestly and properly according to your ideas, and either Mr. Nevil or I will always be ready to help you ; but you must see that wo can't take Bloomington to task for that little affair of your sister ; it would be utterly absurd, and we should be properly laughed at. We had a motive which at preBent we let drop, circumstances having altered. Now dry your eyes," said Jack patting her cheek in a fatherly manner, for he's a very soft-hearted fellow ia Jack, " and Bleep on your grievance," " Good-night" returned Bell ; don't take any I notice of what I say ; but I waa very fond of my young sister, and I lose my temper when I talk of it ; wa were quite alone in the world, and and I was trying to keep ktraight, and would have, only for him," and putting up her hand kerchief again the girl hurried away, and Jack turned townward. And this waa twelvemonths ago, and I've not Been the young damsel since, nor- after the energetic and reckleBS way Bhe throws money about-do I particularly want to. Nevil's been down several times since during the year ; but he's not at all the man he used to be ; Jack and I aro the only ones out of the lot who are unaltered. Well, I must go and havo my afternoon nap, so ait revoir, us Mrs. Dun- craigie would any. CilAPTEn XXII, -Let lia know Our iiiiliscmlioii sometimes serves us noll Wheu our ileiip nlota do nail : anil that, should toae-li ns Thoru's n divinity that simpo» our ends, Rough-how thom how wo will. The dust lies thick under tho group of iron- bark trees that form the main camp on Rivers- dale. A few cattlo are standing about, leisurely ruminating ; gazing dreamily in front of thom aa they monotonously move their jaws. All around, the peace and quiet of the Queensland bush, The drowsy hum of the locusts, and the occa- sional stamp of a beast tormented by a Hy, alone break the stillness. By-iiud-by a far oil* whip rouses the attention of the quadrupeds standing ou the camp ; and a cloud of dust in the distance betokens the advent of some new comers. They Boon come in sight, following one of the many tracks leading on to the camp ; the steers first, trottiug on ahead with an occasional kick and half-buck, greeting the present possessors of the camp with uproarious bellowings ; then the mothers of families in trouble about their youngest offspring, who are getting fagged, and not keeping up ; and then the patriarchs «if the herd, lumbering heavily in tho rear. The men turn off to the shadiest tree as the cattle string on to the camp ; throwing themselves down on the grass, they indulge in reminiscences of the morning's work ; wondering wdiat had be- come of missing beasts, and abusing or praising their horses, as the case might be. i-'oon whip, cracking and bellowing from the opposite direc- tion betokens the nrrival of more cattle. Au old bull on the camp lucally known as " Father Abraham " evinces symptoms of defiance to the world in general, pawing up the dust and casting it contemptuously upon himself and any other beast standing near. Then the new comers como in Bight, in tho same order as tho first mob. Father Abraham lets them on to the camp mi noticed, s ive by a sidelong scowl ; ho ia listening to a hoarse note of war that is being breathed in the rear-listening with bloodshot eyes nnd swell- ing stiffening neck. It comes nearer, as the last Btragglera run on camp ; and " Long Tom," the lord of another camp, dropping bia warlike mutteringa, and assuming an air of diguify un- consciousness befittiug one who is in an enemy's country, marches in. Looking anywhere but at one auother the two rivals approach, heads down, every muscle braced for the enevitable tussle ¡ but looking iib magnificently unaware of each other as two men-dead cuts- could. Nearer and nearer they draw, sidling up, keenly on the alert ; till suddenly with a swift spring you would have scarcely given such unwieldy beasts credii for they are battlingly fiercely together, forehead to forehead, and horns clashing and grinding. Backwards and forwards ; stamping and strain- ing, every siuew brought to bear, every force ex- erted, they go up and down the camp. Now Long Tom gains a slight advantage, and drives Father Abraham against a sapling, bringing it to the earth with their united weight ; but the patriarch recovers himself, and in turn forces his adversary hack ; and a cloud of whito dust obacures the combatants for a while. A few bullocks danoo wildly around with their tongues lolliug out, trumpeting in nu absurd and idiotic manuel- ; then out of the thick gladiators, and Father Abraham is slowly and surely driving tho intruder hack. You can seo the quivering muselés at thoir utmoat tension ns the beaten one fiuds himself unablo to make a stand ; Btop by step, over so surely, ho has to go, tho paco increasing until at last at the vergo of tho camp he has to decide between flight and being overborne. Ho turns, and in an instant Father Abrahnm'a horns aro in his flank, and the two aro careeriugat a lumbering gallop across tho flat, "Now then," cries Nevil sharply, "fetch that bull back 6omo of you ; do you mean to let him go?" A black-boy who had been watching the fight, an abaorbed spectator, starts into preternatural activity nnd a hand gallop at these words ; and one of the stockmen reclining under the aforesaid shady tree opines that the bosa baa got out of the wrong Bide of the bed that morning. Nevil indeed doesnot seem altogether contented with himself, and things in genoral ; any beaat that comes undor his whip wheu drafting finds it out to its cost. So soon as all tho cattle aro drafted, ho beckons to Dick Grattan, and the two rido homeward, leaving the cattlo to bo driven slowly afterwards. Nevil says but little as they ride on, and Grattan, who is an observant youth in his way and greatly attached to him, notes his humor and forbears to bore him with remark8. The track they follow takes them along the bank of the river, and pleasaut little glimpses of wood and water meet thom at ovory turn. The giant tea trees, laving their long tendrils in the water, are filled with parrots, and a noisy sound of chatter- ing and scolding rises from nmidat thoir dense foliage. There is a calm quiet dreamy look about the scene ; the water sleeping unrippled alongside ; the whito sand ; the tall river gums rearing their heads aloft above the other timber, not a breeze stirring their narrow neutral-tinted leaves ; the absence of all life but the gaudy blue- mountain parrots, fluttering about and dart- ing their little tufted tongues into the blossoms on the tea-trees, make ono think of a land " where it was always in the afternoon." Nevil has seen it often, but he gazes at the scene now with a strong feeling of relief invading and sub- duing tüe S'il spirit in his breast, I " I think I shall go out West again, Dick ;" he says after a pause and a glance at the blue Bbining water. " I thought you promised me that trip V ' say» his companion with a half smile. " Well, we'll both go, and let old Blount come in and look after this place." " How would he like that ?" says Dick " he's never happy, but when he's hundreds of miles away from everybody ; books, horses, and dogs are the only fit companions for a man, he says." " I wish I had stopped out there, and let him come in ; but tho paBt is the past, and we can't alter it," " I don't seo how we would do any good if we could ; wo ahould probably alter it for the worse." " Probably, Dick ; but, one can't get into much mischief out West." Dick, who has o half idea what mischief Novil bas got into, refrains from replying directly, and changes the subject. " The mailman came be- fore I left this morning ; he said that a man came up in the steamer going out to look after that country of Kellet's next to yours." " Did he mention his name ?" " Armstrong." " Hum I wonder whether it's the same ?" " Same what ?" " Nothing, Dick ; I was only thinking aloud. Any letters ?" "I didn't open the bag, but there doesn't seem much of a mail." " Let's canter on, and see what's going on in the world ;" and another quarter of an hour saw them pull up at the station. " We'd better leave our horses tied up, to give them a hand to yard the cattle when they come." " YeB," returned Nevil. Sing out for some lunch before you come in." The mail bag waB lying on the table of the little sitting-room, which though somewhat rough was rather a model. It was only a slab house, but the presence of nothing in the room but what was good and simple compensated for the want of paint and paper. No cheap prints were pasted up on the walls, no attempts at dingy curtains and shabby ornaments. Guns and pistolB on the Blabs, and a few good photo- graphs in Oxford frames ; opossum rugs tossed on the two settees, and dog-skins here and there in lieu of mats under foot. There was an air of rough refinement, so to speak, about the place, Nevil broke the seal and cut the string of the bag ; then tumbled the contents on the table. " Two for you, and three for me, Dick," he said sorting the letters ; and, sitting down, pro- ceeded to open them. One was in a woman's hand, and he left that till last ; the first one after reading he tossed over to Grattan, whose lette» had consisted of two bills. The next Nevil put m his pocket when perused , tho third ho turned over and over and seemed half inclined to tear up unopened At last ho mustered courage and tore the envelope It was a closely written sheet, and bore no signature , but Nevil did not need that to tell the writer , it was not the first he had received, by a good many, in the same hand He tore it up and applied a match to the frag- ments, moodily watching them burn " Blount writes m good spirits,' saul Grattnn breaking in on his reverie, and referring to the letter Nevil had given him to read "Yes," returned the other half dreamily, " very good , wish mino were the same " " Do you really mean to go out thcro ?" " Don't kuow 1 m sure, don't kuow what I shall do " Grattan saw that his companion was put out, and remained silent until their mid day meal was brought in That finished, and an after dinner pipe discussed, tho sound of a whip betokened the advent of the cattle " Go on, Dick, don t wait for mo, I will catch you up," said Neill Grattan went, joined the cattle, and helped to jaul them, but Neill was still Bitting in tho same position whon ho returned, staring absently at the blackened bits of paper in tho empty fireplaco He roused himsolf when Grattan enteied, and aid, " Toss up for me, Dick ' 1 Do what ? ' asked the oth r "Toss up a coin , I can'tsottloa question I am debating in my own mind, so intend leaving it to chance " Dick smiled and after some search found a shilling "If I win 111 go to Brisbane, if you win wo 11 go West , up with it, Dick ' sud Nevil with a caieless laugh and a strange look m his oyes " Head ' ' ho said as the coin spun up in tho au It is l ' returned Grattan stooping to look at the oracle "You'vo won !" " l'\ e lost, I tlnuk, stud his friend " But neier miud , it was caro killed a cat, wasu t it. Dick ? ' ' [TO BE CONTINUED ] 