Queensland. (fbom oub own cobeesfond^nt.) Brisbane. ADril 19. Aptee all the sousing wet of the first two days of the volunteer encampment it turned out on the ?whole aa enjoyable, if not entirely successful affair. Ob Saturday the sham fight took place at German Station ; the companies 'were about equally divided, excepting that the defenders of the as CD.ilcri Tineitinvi hori f-Via tnrtcf oi.t-illni*v Tho tl 4:f fi r*_lr was successfully resisted, Ojb Sunday a little military duty was performed in the early morning. At 10 o'clock the members of ibe Roman CathoJjc Church paraded for service, a priest of their faith officiating; at 11 the Protestants assembled for religious service, the liturgy of the Church of England being read by Major Moore. It was not very creditable to the Commnmiant that he had set arranged for an accredited Protestant minis* ter to hold service at the camp ; that might easily have been done, although the clergymen of the Church of England all make a special duty of be ins; in their places when the Easter offerings are taken up, nor can any one rightly blame them : he is a graceless man wbo tur-is his back on his Deneiactois wiieu tneir gitta are uemg given to him. I am credibly informed that a minister of a eo-called non-conforming church did offei to preach at the encampment, but was put ofi. Tt really looked as if the ofnoers did not desire the presence of any chaplain but one of themselves, On Monday the encampment was'the centre of at traction to the holiday-makers ; several thousand persons visited it. The Colonial Secretary in spected the entire citizen army, -vnd expressed his pleasure at their efficiency. It has bees a matter of surprise that the Governor, who is Conunander in-Chief, did not inspect tfee force. The fact is that Sir Arthur Kennedy has retired considerably from view sines the Chinese agitatien. he so far believes in Chinese lahour that he employs none'but servants of that ilk, 1 Jo not see wiiy, in that matter, he should not please himself, although it is not easy to draw a une at wincli the employment 6t China men should cease. I have perpetrated a digres sion. I return to my subject to say that on Monday evening tho camp broke up, and tho expensive episode ended. It will cost the country not less than .£5000, perhaps more. Yet all the corps to gether number no more than a British regiment in full streiigth. I assure you that many taxpayers growl ot the costly mimicry of war. The Government have tUis week put their feet into a disagreeable mess. They baye decided in Cabinet Council to transfer the public banking account from the Union to the Queensland National blushes are notoriously unreliable tests of either deep feeling or real character. The iXational Bank is a local institution in name and aim ; its capital wss mainly subscribed in this colony, it has re ceived a good deal of support on both of those grounds, but it hasnot yet reached its mat -rity— it requires still some coddling. Our present Premier is one of its physicians; he was a leading member o£ ite directorate, but contemplating serving its turn, he, becoming Colonial Treasurer, resigned his bank directorship. He has a keen sense of the externaiisms of propriety. So he went off the bonrd, but Mr. Palmer, the Celonial Secretary, went on. Mr. Palmer is a bluff, honest gentlemau, wlio, some people say, would not lend himself to anv sort ot maanness. 1 'l.idlv record . thosn people's pnod opinion of him. The same folk say that Mr. Vi'llwraith is a clever fiuencier. Eve'nts seem to be proving the truth of that saying. It is a clover thing for -to ex-director ncd n present director of a bank to sendin a tender to themselves and their subservient colleagues, aud to acceptthat tender on the ground that, after very careful com parison of it and the tender sent in by the Union Bank, it was found that a saving of a few thou sands «er annum might accrue to the colony. Yes! Mr. It'll wraith is a clever financier; no one elfa, 1 suppose, was so well qualified to analyse the two tenders as himself. His decision, being clever, must be right, and Palmer's acquiescence with his chief in the acceptance of bis own tender mutt be honest and honourable. Only two banks tendered, the one which, has for several years trans acted the public business satisfactorily, and the other which deBires to transact that business during the next few years. The Commercial, New South Wales, Australian Joint Stock, and Australa sian have important branches here, but their should share the public business, or, regarding the result as fore- detevnavned, they declined to partici pate in tho ridiculous farce. v ' The Hon. George Thoroeis the successful candi date for Northern Downs ; ths Opposition score one, and a hig me it is. Mr. Thome will be a great acquisition to his party, be is a capital whipper-in ; a genial, jovial fellow, whose good humour will be the very thing to help Mr. Grif fith's haughty taciturnity. I quite expect a speedy alteration in tbe balance of power after the As sembly meets next month, for it is really to meet then after an interval of nearly four months ; such a lone abser.ee from the House is almost enough to make some of the new members forget that they were ever elected to represent their respective con stituencies. \- xne saies oi me nve years' leases toojc place yesterday eim'jltaneoualy. There was very little competition. In a few cases an advance hod to be Riven on the upset of JE2 per square mile, and it is said that in other cases speculators bad to be bought off by tbe present lessees. It is certain that the present holders in all cases got their re newals where they tried. Some did not bid at all ; they will come off best, ultimately getting their runs at £1 per square mile. Tho result w»s anti cipated. 'JTew blood 'is b. popular but often a fanciful idea. Who is likely to lease runs lor the short term of five years, to improve nnd stock them, with a liability to have them reduced by the demands of Agricultural settlement, or at the end o£ the term to leave them, altogether ? The runs cannot be of so much value to anybody vise as to the holders who have on them their improve ments and stock. Still it was very conservative of these vested interests to fix all the sales of leases on the Bame day. Some o£ the French escapees from New Cale Innio UaA annrpaitr innHori t\t\ tl-Aclinvaci yif FiuailnHi when their radical notions oi comrmimsai mani fested themselves. They deliberately entered the dwellings of honest folk, and silently helped themselves to a shore of the honest folk's house hold or personal treasures. The old nature was not eradicated by punitive exile to New Caledonia . Three of the scoundrels are now in custody, nnd the evidence of guilt is too clear for them to escape. We have had more rain. The state of the country is now all that could be desired. Va.t stock are so plentiful that the market is glutted and prices are low. This week there were very few fat cattle at the yards. One or two herds oE scrubbers were there, but that £ort of cattle lieveno chance, ?with buyers who can get the pick of the country's stock at about £5 per head. A draft of inferior quality ?was offered from Slanumbar, but oniy three pens were sold, at from £4 to £4 17s fid ; the rest were withdrawn. A lot of Cressbrook cattle were de tained by rain. Sheep of prime quality, from Headington Hill, were aold by Messrs. Scott and Macgregor at 129 to 13s. Thin is an advance of 2s on the prices lately ruling in this market. 'Things look gloomy for the graziers ; but what would Jiaye been the state ot uSaita tf' tto, drpughtjliae,... not killed off so many ill-bred beasts? At Bock hampton, it is proposed to chartera special steamer to take a trial shipment of cattle to China. I does seem strongly probable that good and aaturai markets could be found In the East for- our anr plns fat stack. The Courier is keeping well before the puWic its favourite scheme for the construction, by a private company, of a railway liae to Port Daiwin in con sideration of equivalent grants of land beiag made to the company. The scheme meets very little sympathy outside the office of the Courier; ; but inside there appears to be unbounded enthusiasm in favour of tbe -project. So lar as the project springs frtm patriotism it fB entitled to fair con sideration ; so far as it springs from speculation, it is open to suspicion. If the proper time has arrived, or is usar, to construct an iron highway directly through this colony ; if such a line would improve the country, through which it would jmss, to suce an extent, as io jusniy me uuuny , «. « would open' up extensive commercial -intercourse with the countries easily reached from our Northern coast, then the State should retain all the advas tages and profits by itself making the railway. I, however, do not believe that the trans-continental railway is likely to be payable, or indeed to be required b/ the present generation of Queens landerS' April 36. It is rumoured that s number of the workmen employed in the railway shops at f pswleh and Rockhampton are to be dismissed. In most departments this eort^f retrenchment is going on. All superfluous hands are properly being dis persed. Nobody canflnd fault with the adminis tration relieving the country of the uicapable clerks', who were much too readily (taken into tha miWi/. narvica durine the Thorn ana Douglas Administrations. But it is rather a different thing when $t *omes to dismissing skilled workmen. If wa scatter these we may not easily be able to collect ctkere when the requirements may be more urgent than in this poriod of temporary depression. BveB jevare economy, however necessary, sheuld be ju«uei9U*- The present Government deserves credit for bravely grappling with this huge difficulty ; it ttojr wiU but carry out their culling process with rigid im partiality they, will secure the commendation ot al 1 exceDt the direct sufferers. It may .be well for them te remember that their patronage of their friends is sure to provoke hostile criticism; already they are popularly accredited with a rearlr n'ess to reward those who have seived them. The Government used every .possible method to put in their man for Northern Downs. Both the Ministers for Lands and for Works found that public business required their personal attentions up in that direction at tlm most important jnno ture of electioneering proceedings, and both com mon rumour and confident assertion do them, m i.iofioa if flia»t Hid nnt «mnlnv hnfch TJOlitiCal and religious influence in favour of Mr. Nelson. ' It was all in vain. Mr. Thorn won by a large ma jority. There is quite a dearth of news. The gamue ot the respective editors of the daily papers i» exer cised to the utmost to supply something readable .and interesting. The evening papeT fills up witli entire articles from the high-class literary week lies of the old world, duly acknowledged, but read only by few persons. Of local items there are few to be collated, for dulness prevails everywhere. Tlie property sale marts are deserted. Grocers shops must be well nigh glutted with the goods purchased at auction sales of bankrupt's stocks; consignments of furniture, pictures, &c;, will not move off even under the hammer ; in one main thoroughfare I have counted a dozen empty shops ; the farmers cannot obtain purchasers for their abundant stocks of produce. Iu spite pf all this dulness city pro perty has not much depreciated in value, Owners hold for high reserves. There \b no such panic as prevailed in the year 1SG8. Most people are san guine of a speedy return of prosperity, but it is not easy to see from what source the reviving agencies are to come. The northern gold fields are in decadence, or are mostly left to the possession of Chinamen, Cooktown is vir tually a Chinese town. The steamers plying hence to that terminus procure very little freight north of Townsvilla. Dut while tha northern fields decline, Gympie seems to hold on its way. It treasures are not yet worked out. Capital stone is being got out of the North Lady Mary claim ; the* last crushing was a grand one — 21 tons of 'quartz yi- ildecl 1491oz of gold. The face still looks well, One of our citizens bought recently a seventh share in this claim for £1500 ; his first dividend is £708, Setter still is the case of another Brisbane pur chaser who, a few weeks ago, purchased a four teenth share for £iJ00, and has received a dividend of £354. During tile last twelve months this claim has produced 135 tons of . stone, which have yielded 4703oz of gold, or 34oz KJdwt to the ton. We are having plenty of amusements to enliven the dull times, but I think the.proprietors find that money is not so- plentiful as it was a year or two ago. When our citizens had money they rendily fooled it away on all sorts ef absurd enter tainments: inanv a showv man then naid his ready money freely to the jollity-mongers who sinc« has not been able to pay debts long standing to his creditors. The mountebanks and conjurors carried off pockets full of money, the merchants and retail dealers have had* to accept beggarly divi dends from (id to 3s 6d in the pound sterling. 'This is a feature of our morality which has little varia tion of phase. Practically, it is a settled axiom with a certain class of people that so long as they, havemoney withinreacn, they will have sensational gratification, wboeover may be the ultimate loser, but just now there is not much money within Teach. BacbeldBr's temptation of a lottery did not draw great crowds. The Genuine English Circus Company, with its clever clown, was but, moderately 'patronised. Now, Baker and Parron are performing at the theatre ; and advertisements and 2-lacards are inviting everybody to ' leok out for Carltpn's ghost.' . 'We are likely to . be overdone with' the good things, which talented and ingenious peripatetics are kindly placing be fore us. Better than all these for, real enjoyment is WU.V WA.UAWM VlWUf ?*!- VUU V*«* »v-*rfUW^ Wl Mi WO| \Ji. VV UX AD of art, articles of vertu, of old porcelain, of fancy needlework, and of old and new curiosities. ,The articles have been gathered by the Csmmittee of the Convalescent and Benevolent Home— a useful institution, which has been languishing for lack of funds. The .collection of articles is very large and varied, and offers enjoyment for a few hours of a sound serviceable kind, Tbe exhibition was not for the first two days so largely visited as it merited, but the reason was, I think, that tbe affair had been got up too hastily and quietly. These a things require,' to be noised abroad. Nobody can pass through the streets with open eyes without being told by great glaring letters to 'look out for Cariton's ghost'; but the excellent exhibition tot a mast worthy object, modestly retires into diminutive advertisements, which only readers of daily papers are likely to notice. Apart altogether from the iiuauoial and benevolent aspect of the matter, this show of works of art and curiosities is a useful project. Why should possessors of interesting and valuable things board them for. the exclusive gratification of themselves and their select lriends ? The diffusion of pleasure is one of the highest functions of mankind, and there is not in this respect so much selfishness, as is sometimes auriuutea to Human nature. Whatever may -be the motives which prompt acquisition or exhibi tion of works of art, or valuable curiosities their owners are generally willing to afford people less fortunate than themselves an occasional oppor tunity of sharing with them thepleasnre of viewing or examining thoir hobbies. I cannot ever forget the delight with which I gazed on the paintings in the Art Treasures Bxhbition in Manchester in 1S57, nor the gratitude which I felt towards the possessors of those magnificent treasures for plac ing them within reach of my eyes at a very trifling cost. In tnis way the wealthy may minister to the enjoyment of those less favoured than them selves by fortune. A breach of promise case has this week been exciting no small amount of interest amongst our citizens. Looked at from the virtuous standpoint, when it was first set down for hearing, it was simply an ordinary case of a woman seeking com pensation for the laceration of her Xenderest affec tion by a heartless man, who bad cast her off for a. more eligible bride. But rumour's ready tongue whispered that there was more *in the case thin lay upon tbe surface, -'lire evidence .proved, that there was a great, deal more.'' The.'cburt was crowded -on each day, owing mainly to the start ling fact that several prominent citizens— married men some of them— iiad been subpoenaed to give evidence that lie life of the forsaken phuntiSjiad been rlega chaste than it might have been. T-3o not like the evidence ; it ig .smutty throuKhbtrt : ^tiSMl tt_at.lirtd*efaia^-«re( :??- - -&° *' The correspondence re the city drainage still goes on; the Courier has generously indulged the scribblers end scientists with space ad lib., but at last it' has come to the conclusion which the general public reached some time ago— that a little work would be better than much talk or writing.' Pools pf water lie in the midst of population ; reeking mud-holes abound ; a loan of £20,000 ? is available at a low interest, but because that is not enough for a complete system, and engineers, aldermen, doctors, &c;, cannot agree as to tbe part most necessary to be immediately done, we go on breeding death-germs at our very doors. 