PASTOEAL LETTER OF THEKIGHT 1EV. / DE. QUINN. Dear Bev. Brethren and Dearly Beloved Brethren, — Our Divine Lord established His Church on earth and cemented it with His blood. So strong did He make ifc that ' the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' But He wished that the Church herself and the world should know she was His handiwork. Hence Ho ehoso poor, ignorant men Tor her leaders, to whoni the Holy Ghost taught every knowledge, and gave every gift necessary for their work. Thus instructed from on high, the twelve poor fishermen set themselves courageously to convert the world. Nothing can be conceived more difficult than the work before them. The knowledge of the true God was almost swept from the face of tlio earth, and men adored instead sticks and stones, and even their own vile passions. Retaining but little knowledge of the future life, they enjoyed till the pleasures they could command in the present;, and gratified every passion, no matter how. base. With hearts thus hardened against truth and virtue, they were ill-prepared to receive the sublime doctrines of Christian faith, or ' learn to be meek and humble,' from a God who was crucified. At the time the Apostles commenced their mission, Borne, the greatest Empire that ever existed, was in the zenitli of her greatness. The whole world lay at her feet. This was the power that twelve fishermen from Galilee, without any human knowledge or aid, had to subdue and bring under the yoke of Christ. But they were not dismayed, bojause they knew whence strength would come to aid their weakness. It behoved them, they said, to obey God rather than man. They were put to death. Their successors for more than three hundred years were subjected in turn to the most cruel tortures and most ignominious death that human malice could devise ; but in the beautiful words of Tertullian, 'the blood of the martyrs was the seed of Christians.' As the husbandman casts the grain of wheat into fertile soil, and it grows up into an ear with its hun dred grains, so every drop of the Martyrs' blood produced its hundred followers of Christ, until Christianity, even under the sword and gibbet ? and tho axe, had extended to the four corners of the earth. How was the government of the Church sustained during this long and dreary period ? St. Luke tells us in the Acts of the Apostles, ' Tho faithful laid their offerings ? at the feet of tho Apostles,' and so their followers continued to act towards their successors ' until tho end of the persecutions. And ' now it pleased God to break the chains that held. His Church in bondage, and make her free and independent ; but it pleased Him to effect this change by the strength of His own right hand. A refulgent cross appears in the ' heavens to the great Emperor Constantino, who was still a pagan, as he stood on the battle field, and on it ho aces inscribed, in golden letters, these words : ' In this sign you shall conquer.' Oonstantine embraces the cross, and conquers. Tho Pagan Templo became the Christian Church; the adorers of false gods became fervent Chris tians, and Christianity triumphs in every land. The Church, now free, ferms her own govern ' ?-? ment, and acquires tho means of carrying it on ' independently. The Eoman Pontiff — the succes sor of St. Peter, and Vicar of Christ, who can be ' tho subject of none — gets his own kingdom, and is thus enabled, by its revenues, to sustain the government of the Universal Church. But evil ' days have come once more. The Church is now persecuted almost in every land, and is robbed of Xier ouuuuru. uui d-L\Jiy x1 itiuui ±a Liupii v ^ll ul jua temporal kingdom, and is a prisoner in the Vatican, as his ancient predecessors were prisoners in the Catacombs. Why, dearly beloved, do I place before you this brief sketch of the Church's history ? I think you anticipate my answer. It points out to vis our duty towards the great and holy Pontiff, who now governs the Church in his present difficulties. When the Pope had his temporal kingdom, he neither needed or asked for our assistance ; but now that he is reduced to the condition of the first suc cessors of St. Peter, we, like the early Christians, should vie with each other in coming to his assistance. It is our duty to enable him, by our pecuniary aid as -well-as by our prayers, to main tain the dignity of his high office in the govern ment of the Church. The following extract from a letter of Cardinal Nina, Secretary of State to his Holiness, will 'place before you the present wants of the Holy Father : — ' If the people will only bear in mind that the Sovereign Pontiff has been despoiled of his temporal dominions, the source of the means necessary for his own support, and for that of the universal government of the Church, it Avill be easy for them to understand that the Holy See cannot exist and perform its beneficent mission throughout tho world without the generous assistance of the faithful, until such times as they shall have the consolation of seeing him restored to his lawful temporal possessions. ' Besides this — and who is there that does not lmow it? — thero is required for the peace of ? consciences, and for the regular work of the governments of Dioceses, the Eoman Congrega tions, composed of Cardinals, Prelates, Consul tors and employees. Tho number of these latter is very limited if we compare it with that of the functionaries employed by any secular government whatsoever. Nevertheless the truly sacerdotal zeal and the spirit of sacrifice they give constant and countless evidence of, make up as far as possible, for the too increasing lack of hands. Add to this the fact that their emoluments and salaries are very moderate, Moreover, this lack ' ' of hands comes from the privation of tho means that- have been nearly all taken, one after another, from the government of the Universal Church. 'The usurpation of the temporal sovereignly of the Pontificate, in spite of the oft repeated pro mises of those who aro guilty of it, was soon followed by the confiscation of ecclesiastical pro perty, the banishment of religious orders, the usurpation of ^Convents, Libraries, Museums, property of every kind belonging to them, and what is far more terrible, when we consider the future, this usurpation of the temporal sove reignty reduced these very institutions to the impossibility in which they now find themselves of opening Seminaries, Colleges, and Novitiates ; whereas formerly all these treasures came to the assistance of the Head of the Church in the heavy charge of ministering to two hundred millions of souls. ' To-day (and who does not know it ?) there is HUUlllIJ^ ZULU \JL thLL UU13, UjIIU. j^') UI1LJ UUl^.LO U-LG U1IU greater. Indeed, besides the aid that must be given to poor religious of both sexes, who have also been cruelly dealt with, the Pope must pro vide for the personal support of those bishops who will not recognize those now in power in Italy, and not unfrequently too, for the needs of their Dioceses, and for the support of their Se minaries. To so great a tyranny, is added the threats, already carried out in some places, of refusal to pay salaries to ecclesias tics even when ? appointed to some office or benefice by non-recognized bishops. In the midst of such great tempests the soul of the Holy Father is further afflicted at the sight of the horrible spectacle presented by Atheistic schools, in which the people of this capital of Christianity are brought up, without the Supreme Hierareh, the Infallible Master, and Guardian of our holy doctrines being able -to counteract them by schools, in which his subjects and children may be brought up with a sound education. ? ' In this connection it may not be out of place to make known this fact. While from the Americas and from countries not yet Christian, the Holy Father is receiving continual requests for missionaries, delegates, and representatives of the Holy See, either to protect what, in those remote regions, already constitutes the interests of the Church there, or to bring new souls to faith and civilization, his heart bleeds at not being able to comply with these requests because of his deplorable lack of means and persons. ' Finally, the Holy See, with the deserved ap plause of Catholics and even of all sensible and honest men, pays a salary, modest it is true, but which is nevertheless, to it, a heavy burden, to the old employees of the temporal government. Without this subsidy they would fall victims to the most abject poverty, and would bear with still greater difficulty the cruel vexations of the triumphant revolution, because it cannot overlook their fidelity and devotion to the Sovereign Pontiff, a devotion that proves beyond all question how deep a hold the government of the Popes had upon its subjects. ' The Encyclicals, Allocutions, and Addresses of the Sovereign Pontiff, and all the acts of the Holy See, tell but too plainly the afflictions he endures. Hence it is, that if Bishops will bring them to the mind of Catholics, they will most assuredly continue to send them spontaneous offerings, as they have always done, up to the present time. The Holy Father, therefore, in expressing his gratitude to the Bishops, for their anxiety to redouble the zeal, and to encourage still further the Peter's Pence collections, de sires, as I have stated above, to leave it to them to make known the increasing needs of the Apostolic See, and to resort to whatever means they may deem most practicable and best calculated to obtain the object in view.' ' We write to you, dearly beloved brethren, within the month dedicated to the Sacred Heart '. of Jesus. To that sweet and loving Heart we owe everything we possess, both spiritual and temporal. It was that Heart that agonized for us in the Garden of Olives, and bled for us on the Cross. It was the same Divine Heart that founded the Church in love for us, and placed blessed Peter at its head, by making him and his lawful successors His own Vicars on earth to the end of time. Such is the teaching of the Vatican Council. ' None can doubt,' say the Fathers of the Council, ' and it is known to all ages, that the Holy and Blessed Peter, the Prince and Chief of the Apostles, the pillar of the faith and foundation of |the Catholic Church, received the keys of the kingdom from our Lord Jesus Christ the Saviour and Eedeemer of mankind, and lives, presides, add judges to this day and always, in his successors the Bishops of the Holy See of Borne, which was founded by Him and consecrated by His blood.' It is the successor of St. Peter, Leo XIII., our present glorious Pontiff, who now calls upon us to contribute, according to our means, to the Peter's Pence, which shall enable him to sustain the government of the Universal Church. Five years ago we dedicated ourselves, and our families, and our homes, to the Heart ;of our sweet and loving Jesus. It was for love of Him that we performed this solemn -act. Has that love since cooled ? Oh no ; it has gone on increasing, and has taken deeper and deeper root in our hearts, as the many visible blessings we have received can clearly testify. Let us give a iresn prooi or our.iove to.tne oacrea xtearo or our dear Jesus, by being generous to His saintly Vicar and our Common Father in the hour of his need. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen, f Matthew, Bishop of Bathurot. St. Stanislaus' College, Feast of Nativity of St. John the Baptist, 1879. 