tons of Urtns. Press Holiday. — In accordance with our usual custom the Spectator will be published on Saturday, but not on 'luesday next, in order that our employees may enjoy the festivities of the season. The Ministry. — Cabinet and Executive Councils were held on Tuesday at the Trea sury. The Cabinet had under consideration, amongst other business, the postal services with Europe, and subsequently a -telegram was sent to Mr. Berry, conveying the views of the Ministry upon the subject. Mr. Berry's attention was called to the necessity for making some arrangement with, the Imperial Government as to the division of the postages between the Home authorities and the colonies. The present arrangement really expired last year, hut at the urgent request of the various Agents-General it was determined that it should be continued until jjairaaiy next year. It was resolved to "licet twice or thrioe a week in future in order to deal with the bills now in conree of prepara tion. A telegram was ordered to be sent to Mr. Berry authorising him to pay the London shareholders of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company ont of the loan funds now on hand in London. A letter from the banks on this subject was also under consideration.. The hanks claim that, under their agreement, they are entitled to a commission on the sum as if it were remitted from Melbourne. The Cabinet derided not to recognise the chum, and 'an answer informing the banks of the objection to the item was subsequently sent to the chairman of the association. Easter Amusements. —According to all accounts there will, should the weather con tinue favourable, be a great rush to Portland -during the holidays which commence to morrow, and none but those who take an interest in pedestrianism or cricket will he left behind. No great effort has been made to provide any amusement in Hamilton bnt a spirited few have subscribed the money for an athletic sports meeting in the Friendly Societies' reserve to-morrow, and the cricket club have - invited some of ' the aboriginals located on the Condah mission station to, pay them a visit on Easter Monday. The athletic sports are mere fully alluded to elsewhere, : and with respect to the cricket match a somewhat novel and decidedly interesting game may be expected. Although not, on the whole, such good cricketers as those who paid a visit to England some years ago, the aboriginals of Condah are said to he adepts, and will give the strongest team the Hamilton Club can produce all their work to heat them. As for other public amusements there will be none, but it may safely be anticipated that the W annon and Negretti Falls, the Byaduk Caves, the mountainous district of Dunkeld, and the race meeting at Fenshurst will receive some attention at the hands of holiday makers. Deplorable State ok Affairs.— A cor respondent residing at Tarkedia, in the Wim mera district, writes : — ' ' Five months or more have passed, and I can safely say, we have not had a drop of rain. Should the drought continue for a period of four or five weeks longer, total desolation must be the result. Some people have been carting tanks and casks of water a distance of 34 miles. We have held out well, but now are in the same fix as thousands of others. It is as good as a sports meeting to go for a cask of water ; sometimes good humour prevails, and at other times hard words ensue, and blows finish up the quarrel. Cultivation is at a positive standstill — most fanners being un able to plougb, and others afraid to sow what they have already cultivated." Mr. Haytkr's Breach op Faith.— We are indebted to the Geelong Advertiser for the following : — " The first case of the kind against a landowner under the 494th section of the Local Government Act, for refusing information relative to his landed property to the Collector of Statistics, is likely to be brought before the proper court soon. Mr. James Aitckison, the occupier of a leasehold run at Sutherland's Creek, near Wabdallah, on being applied to by the officer named, re fused to eive any information as to the area of his property, &c.;, alleging that the in formation that had been previously supplied by him had been pnt to a use-not specified at the time. The Shire Council of Bannock- bnrn discussed the matter at their meeting yesterday, they being the body required by the Act to take proceedings ; and on the mntinn of Mr. Weber, the President, the case was ordered to be laid before the council's solicitor, with power to take action should he think the legal aspect of the question rendered such a course advisable." It may be added there is not a more obliging, courteous gentleman in the Geelong district than Mr. Aitchison. We are not, however, surprised that, after the gross breach of faith committed in reading documents confi dentially supplied to the Government Statist, at Land-tax courts, he should have decided not to divulge his private business again. A Welcome Change, — Although we have not been visited by a much desired fall of rain, it is satisfactory to know that in many places the drought appears to have practi cally broken up. Oar Horsham Corrcspon' dent telegraphs that rain fell to the depth of 0.31in. in a short time on Tuesday night, and there was every indication of a further fa.ll Telegrams have also been received announcing that rain has fallen copiously at Alexandra, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Echuca, Inglewood, Murchison, and Seymour ami that the wet weather is likely to con tinue. In Melbourne there was on Monday afternoon several hours' rein, but the quantity which fell was small. Messrs. Ettershank, Eagles tone, and Xiann, and Mr. Charles Brown have also received telegrams from their agents at Wilcannia, New South Wales, intimating that rain had fallen thereon Mon day, to the amount of 0.75in. Of course rain would spoil the Easter holidays, but this is a matter of secondary importance, as from all sides we have received appalling accounts of the disasterons effects of the drought. Tnv Ballarat Railway Congress. — We thoroughly endorse the opinion of the i Argus as to Mr. J. G. Clapham being an "innocent," but for a shire secretary the ignorance he displays as to the mode of con ducting business hy public bodies is certainly remarkable. We notified some time ago that "a meeting of the representative bodies form ing the Dan das and Viliiers Railway Asso ciation, and of such other public bodies in the Ballarat district as might feel disposed to join the organisation," was to be convened at Ballarat, to ensure the carrying out of their programme by the Legislature, and the names, of the public bodies who were to be invited, were given. Forthwith Mr. Clapham, who has no connection with the Hondas and Viliiers Association, and is strongly opposed to their programme, with out authority from his own council or any body else, so far as we can learn, writes to certain shires and boroughs inviting them to appoint delegates to attend the meeting, and thereby seeks to make fools of them. What would Mr. Clapham say if we or some other unauthorised person were to issue cir culars inviting outsiders who had no loots standi, to take part in the discussions of the Glenelg Shire Council 1 The Dundas and Viliiers Association like a hospital committee or a board of directors, is a representative body elected to fulfil a certain purpose, and it has been in existence for five years. Year after year -ts members have been re-chosen by the ratepayers, thereby showing that they possess the confidence of the public. Upwards of a dozen conferences and eight or nine Mel bourne deputations have resulted from the labours ofthe Association, and some hundreds of pounds have been contributed and ex pended in carrying out the objects in view' The Ballarat meeting alone is expected to cost £109, and Mr. Clapham thinks, or pre tends to think, that he, and any friends he chooses to invite; will be permitted to attend for the special purpose of endeavoring to upset the proceedings, and this without being qualified by election or membership, and without ' paying one penny towards the expenses. It is unnecessary for us to point out to the general public, although we sup pose we must do so for the benefit of Mr. Clapham, that if such outside interference were permitted it would be impossible to transact any public business whatever, whe ther in the humble sphere of a parish vestry, or in the higher arena of Parliament itself. Nor does this necessarily imply the stifling of free discussion. There are plenty of ways as Mr Clapham ought to know from his con nection with the Glenelg Shire Council, of bringing matters before a duly. constituted public body without interfering with the conduct ofthe business they have met to transact, and if Mr. Clapham is not satisfied with any of these methods, he had better convene a conference of his own. Death of Mr. Hinneberg. — After an illness of some eight days' duration, Mr. Hinneberg, of Hochkiteh, died from diph theria on Tuesday nigut. Mr. Hinneberg, -who was in the prime of life, was an old- colonist, having been a resident of this dis trict for a period of something like twenty years. Ho was .deservedly respected, and a warm supporter of everything that had for its object the advancement of the district in which he resided. This makes the third death that has occurred in Hochldrch from diphtheria during the past few weeks, and an impression is abroad that the disease Was imported from the Mortlske district, where as many as "in. SmUih have recently oc- curred, within a distance of aqaawT mile of each other. We are rn&xT; y a I ever, to believe that the drinking of I water has bad more to do with it8?"1'' I notice in another column it will be ' I Mr.- Hinneberg is to he buried this 9 The Dawn anu the 1 Steam Navigation Board's decision as ti> 9 cause of the collision between the ate! 9 Dawn and Macedon was announced 9 day, and is as follows 1st. That tL 9 ualty arose primarily from a lifter 9 bad been cast off from the tug Black EaT 9 canting into the river at Ascherhcrg's faT 9 as the Dawn was approaching it, therihr 9 peding the course of that steameT' 9 That the master of the Dawn acted prodi 9 by putting his steamer into the sonth v / H when he observed the impediment 9 free navigation of the river caused by!! 9 said lighter ; but that he erred in not wT 9 ing her on, and straightening her up toft! 9 south hank, seeing that other steamers 9 coming down, and in close proximity. 9 That the master of the Macedon l 9 when aome distance away, observed the 6k A struction cauBed hy the lighter, and ®J H that the Dawn, to avoid collision with jTu® fl run into the south bank, and that her. ul 9 was canting towards the north hank IS have used additional precautions by" fl astern sooner than he did, and thus redoch! 9 the risk of collision to a minimiun/'rri fl board, therefore, is of opinion that each sla. 9 mer contributed to the collision. He B dence given was very conflicting, neverty fl it showed that the masters of both stamen B were attending to their duties, therelse.tj, fl collision did not arise from wilful neglige fl and the board was not in a position to dun! H either officer with default." fl Diphtheria appears to be more or y fl prevalent throughout the colour inst H As it is generally most fatal to such as & side in damp situations ana badly-d,.; houses, spring and autumn being the seare, when its ravages are greatest, too raft care cannot be taken by load gotHm bodies in seeing that that the daine every house and street is properly onjj ont. So far, we have not heard of case occurring in Hamilton, but, as pern, tion is better than cure, no time shontih lost, a thorough inspection of the'ton should be made, and, where ocarpas a houses are too poor to carry ont necesay f ' improvements, the work should he done fa & them at the public expense. Again, (fa, is nothing like taking the disease in hud „ early as possible, and for the information « our readers we quote the following 6 Dr. Tanner's " Practice of Medidne," a that, in the event of any of the symptom depicted by that authority showing tint selves, medical assistance may at onoe h sent for. Dr. Tanner says i— " Dipbftaji sets in very gradually, with feelings of & pression and muscular . debility, headicbt nausea, slight diarrhoea, drowsiness. Many hours before the thnt is actually sore, a sense of stiffness in tk neck is oomplained." In another, atoe we publish an extract from The Colmta jfe; the sulphur cure, but as diphtheria is i specific blood disease, which tuns a npl course throughout the system, and notans throat disease, the sulphur core is, in th opinion of some physicians, only calcnhU to give temporary relief, pending the amd of skilled assistance. Under these drans stances, it may safely be adopted, as it on ' do no harm, and may be the means of sarin; life; the use of disinfectants in the sick-nxm — such as carbolic acid or sulphuric addgs — being also strongly recommended. lot, too much dependence must not be placed® any such amateur treatment ; it should, a before stated, he only followed in order to gain temporary relief, and even if the patio! should appear to be recovering, medicdai. vice should still he obtained, as Br. Tarr says "a patient will apparently bedoq well at the end of five or six days from Ik onset, and the pnlse will he moderately g»d yet in a few hours the exudative infiammstia may extend to the larynx, and rapidly cans asphyxia." It is to be hoped these wordsc caution will not be found useful here, tot it is just as well to prepare our readers, tows extent, for any emergency that may arise. Hamilton Piano Gomeany.— At a raid ing yesterday, Mr. W. Smith, C.E., in chair, the balance-sheet for the year endq April 1st, was received and adopted, h (hewed a profit of £33 Is upon thecapMs £150, and it was resolved that four shilliiis in the pound be paid to shareholders, hag two shillings per share - as a 10 per not dividend, and two shillings per share ha® towards the extinction of the capital., sal to reduce the sum invested from 20s to Ik per share. A vote of lharlks to Mr. Tamil the secretary, was . unanimously awarded and the dividend and bonus are now pap"1 at his establishment. cv tSLilum' JXLUSTAAJi — Aiuungci — Herald says " A rather good story istf of a certain Anglican clergyman, who S sides not one thousand miles from -Melhsrf- H A young gentleman of prepossessing app® ance, with the orthodox boots and tnub of bush costume, visited the cleric in ques tion, and sent in his card. He was nst® into the library, and received hy the tf- gentleman, who condescended to ask hi® take a chair. He visitor, a son of a kish opened the conversation by talking aboattk H families in the old country. " Ah yes, i 9 member them well, poor lady so-and-so. kd by the way, Mr, Blank, I have so a®? calls upon me that I do not think I <a anything for you. No doubt you something to do in time, as I suppose y write a good hand, but in the fear the Lord ; here are three tickete ftr Immigrants' Home, supper, bed, and kerf fast." The expression upon the count®# of young boots atid breeches, the in embryo, Was immense. " Good heave sir," he exclaimed 41 1 merely J®" ; visit as you were a friend of my yfL' Look here (putting his hand into hishre®®® pocket), I have just come from the roll of notes, £600— Docs this look Jike g to the Immigrants' Home? Good morris A False Report having been circ to the effect that the death of the late -j Thiel was attributable to the neglect medical in this town, it is only thai gentleman to quote as follows fro® evidence of Mr. Thiel : — On Dr. JaBl# rival he said, "I am afraid I cannot ro» your wife." I replied, shall I send or Scott !" Dr. James said, " well, if Saa_ but 1 am afraid before Dr. Scott com will be dead," -and she died in a fewnunfl " 1 do not attribute any blame whate Dr. James in the case." Tender Accepted.— The Council, at a special meeting held yestem accepted the tender of Thos. £359 8s, for the erection of a bridge orer Grange Creek. >e The Illustrated Fapers for sion home by the out going mafl hand yesterday. Both teem wi tious calculated to interest colonial readers, and amongst other the Slacker furnishes one of the cde aboriginal cricketer, Mullah. Th® , which would have been considered « b I one some years ago, is taken from a pkoto- I paph supplied by Mr. Crossy, of this town. I 4.t1u-etic Sports. —No fewer than twenty- I one entries were received last evening for the I Handicap Race, which is to be held on the I Friendly Societies' Reserve to-morrow. This I is indeed a splendid result, and should the I handicapping have been weU done-and we I have no doubt it has— some very close con- I tests may be expected. The most sanguine I never anticipated that so many really good I runners would have entered to compete for I a £10-prize, and it only shows what a splen- I I "id meeting could be brought about in Ham- I ilton were lovers of sport inclined' to put I shoulders to the wheel and publish a I yjried programme. 1 he handicaps appear in I our advertising columns, and the sport will I commence at one p.m. I votiKYAN Railway LEAGUE. "—A I meeting of this league will be held as adver- I tised. on the 16th inst. As we learn the I business to be transacted is important, it is there will be a good attendance. I Hochkirch Races.— The races, which were to have been held at Hochkirch on I Raster Monday, have been postponed out of I respect to the late Mr. Hinneberg. I \ karat and the Railway. — At the last I meeting of the Ararat Shire Council a cir- I cular was rea< frm the secretary of the I Pandas and Villiers Railway Association, juvitiisg the Council to appoint a delegate to attend & conference on 22ud April, to discuss the question, of railway extension as affecting I the Western district. On the resolution of I Cr- Sutherland, seconded by Cr. Little, the £ecretary was instructed to write to the sec- of the association, expressing the I Council's concurrence with the movement, I and that the president and secretary would I represent the Council at the conference. qHE Balloon Ascent. — A large concourse H people assembled last evening in the Juliet Square, to witness the ascent of I Professor Carl's fire balloon, which is stated 46 feet iu circumference and 15 feet I high. About nine o'clock the Professor, who I to be thoroughly at home in his busi- ness caused the balloon, which was illumi- nated by & magnesium wire, to ascend. It ; I mounted graceiully. travelled slowly in the j direction of the Ladies' College, and descended a minutes afterwards somewhere near that building. Professor Carl will again cause his balloon to ascend to-morrow night, B from the same place, when it is to be hoped B the poor fellow will find it more remunera- B tive than he did last night. B Publications Received. — Those who pro- pWe paying a visit to Europe by the Uali- fornian route, will do well to provide them- fielves with a ''Railroad Gazetteer," which is published monthly in America, and a copy B of which has been forwarded to us by Air. L B B. Moore, of the Exchange Reading Room, B Melbourne. It contains all the information B that a traveller can wish to know. — We have B aigo received a copy of the President's ad- B dress at the first annual meeting of the Book- B sellers' and Stationers' Association of Vic- B toria ; the rules of the association, &c.; B 44 Love's Young Dream." — The Narran- dera correspondent of the Wagga Wagga Ex- B Vm8 the following amusing story : — The sensation of the week baa been the B elopement of a young lady of the mature age of 13£ years. It appears that abont twelve montns ago the fair damsel's heart was con- B quered by a jockey not much older than B herself, who was the hero of the time, liav- tig accomplished the magnificent feat of B winning some hack races. Since that time, B an amatory correspondence, in the gushing I style familiar to readers of the Young B Ladies' Journal and other similar periodicals, B has been clandestinely carried on between B the youthful lovers. The affection of the B tiLst became so ardent that she could : B not stop longer away from the winner of her B virgin oh arras. So at the end of last week, B ascertaining that a gentleman and his B daughter were going to Wagga Wagga. she B ' ajoled them into giving her a seat in their B bap. and with all her worldly possessions, B which she managed to abstract secretly from B parents' house, she started for the arms B oi her jockey enslaver. But sad to relate, B the tiight was discovered before the fair B iugidve was half- way to Wagga Wagga. B The pitiless telegraph was put into requisi- B tion, and although she is in the same town B with her lover, the young lady is under the B dragon-like supervision of an elderly aunt, B who will not let her go out of her sight, nor B permit the horsey swain to come within B 4 cooey ' of his inamorata. The pair consoled B themselves by warbling, Thou art so near, B and yet so far.' " B Victoria's Agent-General. — A letter B from Mr. Childers, received in Melbourne by B the last English mail, announces his ap- B preaching marriage with Mrs. Gilbert Elliott, B widow of the late Colonel Elliott, and daugh- B ter of the late Bishop of Chichester. The B marriage was to take place at Easter. B Forensic.— Mr. Alan Skiiwet, LL.B., B son of His Honor Judge Skinner, was, on the B 4th inst., called to the bar, and we believe it H hie intention to join the Western Circuit. B If so, suitors will have no lack of choice, as B £D many clever and aspiring young barristers now visit this district. A Summary Proceeding. — With refer- ence to the article headed as above, which appears on our fourth page, we learn that the landholder in question received three1 separate notices in regard to not having paid H his land-tax, due on February 28th, before being summarily dealt with. The article was in type before we observed expla- H nation in th e Argus. H A Splendid Mine, — The Queen's Birthday Company, at Dunolly, is something like a mine. The last fortnightly return is 6S7 ozs. B 64o ozs. already in hand, the directors Wm (says the Bendigo Independent) will be able to declare a dividend for the month of 14s. p? share, equal on the 6000 shares to £4560. B -Hps. added to the immense sums already pari, makes since the reef (between 200 feet 401) feet) was first struck, an amount of abont £23 per share, or £138,000 for eighteen , months' work. The shares are now worth jy 13 at the lowest calculation, so that Ksides the dividends already the- shareholders, if they like to go into the JJket, can exchange for another sum of B a (8,000 in cash. The mine is in the hands B comparatively few holders. The largest B mteresta are held locally, "pyf, in Ballaryt-, a bourne, d, it is believed, none in jkudhurst, though many months ago the B "Miog speculators there paid the mine some B Attention, but, unfortunately, were afraid to mrest, Two years ago thousands of shares vere forfeited and sold for ngn- psyznont of H half a-crowp call H „ DEiH of Mjl John O'Shanassy, Jun.— We B u2!? 40 bounce that news was received in B ft v,? 011 Tuesday night of the death of Mr. B iota Ofhanassy, the eldest son of ihe hon. B j5DT/or,BdfaBt The deceased had been in B health for some time, and had gone to B ftf cCs. at Fort Bourke, for change B . dth, therefore, was not entirely ezpected, though the sad new6 came as a sur- Jrv0 ir "fobfi, who received it at the close of B pi€l is6 t the Governor, at the Victoria B night. Mr. John O'Shanassy : Sir Of age, and was married of J- G- Duffett' isS'?4 ForSeleciton on and after Friday B a.m. 62a. 3r. 38p. part allot 1 B 215a. Or. 24p.soutiiof allotl6a B W ad)ming allot 17 ; WerradmabeaL B W. Webber, mason of Mrtaibier has prepared to the'Order lol.hfrj B Mr- N- Maclntosh several blocks of B for exhibition in Adelaide. Mr. Frew's B 18 frm the Government quarry at the Up B rTll£<Kks,andxs of & beautiful creamy B Mr. Macintosh's is a. fine red r7iil -m "ti section at Benaira. Whien the is kSL? an extensive trade in stone H ikTd, C£tiin spring up. There are says TOTr<T few places in Australia that tioue of so useful "and beautiful a this district. ji. "E 1 availing Epidemic.— The Horsham loii7?ire®l"cts bear that diphtheria continues an, i er prevalentin the surrounding districts, dir Lear to Horsham. OnThura- a'jjZr a 11116 httle girl named M'Makon, died able residence at Dooen from this ter- an .be was a$ school on Mtmday,- n ri ?n Horsham on Wednesday, labii ldson saw her, but the disease bad sure a hold, and the unfortunate little m beThursday. There are twootlier 1 from the same disease in the rame KjJl'Ll i,- . ba.ve been other outbreaks at i5-.11110' Wail, and Lallat of a serious that" tw 1111 we compelled to the belief thV quality of ilie B effect purposes/ Labour, in B tior» fostahdes appears to be valued 9 28 fiecesafy isto B it v«i6iylere be no. question but that fl fiieTCvi better for people to cart from I usjn- than to -endanger their lives by B from stagnant holes filled with poison germs, which enlarge as the water shrinks. Even the Wimmera water should not be- com monly used without being well boiled, it is filtered, and in these .times a filter is one of the cheapest investments that can foe made. The Chief Secretary has not been pro lific in his 'telegraphic communications to Ins colleagues of late. In bis last message, which is now a week old, he mentioned that he and his colleague expected shortly to have a. further interview with the Secretary of State, but so far Ministers have heard no further particulars. The visit of the hou. gentleman is now drawing near to its termination, as under any circum stances he must leave London by the mail of May 9th — one month from to day — in order to be here by the commencement of July, and in time for the opening of Parliament. Even then the Houses will meet at an unusually late period of the year. A "Selectors' Bank. — The Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser writes : —1 have heard a rumor, which is said to. have some solid foundation ho rest upon, but which X merely give for what it is worth, to the effect that Air. Berry has entered into preliminary negotiations with a body of capitalists in Lon don, who are anxious to find a safe means of in- vestment of a somewhat more remunerative character than any now available in the old country or on the continent of Europe. - it is added that the attention of these capitalists having been directed to the position of the agri cultural selectors in Victoria, and to the difficulties of a more or less formidable nature experienced by that class of our colonists in their efforts to borrow money, they hive sounded Sir. Berry as to the pros pects that might rise from the establishment of a financial company with a very large capital — something like seven millions sterling— for the express purpose of advancing funds at a reason able rate of interest to such selectors as might require such It is said that Sir. Berry is disposed to regard this proposition with considerable favor, and that it is more than probable .-.that it may eventually be carried into execution. However this may be, 1 may men-' tion that a somewhat similar idea was enter tained by the Hon. Howard Spensley, previons to his last departure for Europe, although that gentleman did not, I believe, propose to limit the advances of any company that might be formed for the purpose to any single class of the community. Mr. Spensley'e scheme is still in abeyance, but 1 am informed that he was so impressed with, its feasibility, that prior to his departure, he obtained the consent of a few influential and wealthy colo nists to form a committee, with whom he could communicate respecting its prospects and pro gress in the mother country. Mew Insolvents. — William Parker, -of Ararat, fanner and contractor. Causes of in solvency. — Sickness, loss of stock, and inability to realise oh land. Debts, £1638 2s 6d ; assets, £1400 10s ; deficiency, £237 12s Cd. Assignee, E. Maccabe. Order made 7th April, 1879. A meeting under section 53 of the statute will be held at the Court House, Ararat, on Wednesday, the 16th instant, at eleven a.zn. Nicholas Christian Theodor Stelling, of Warrnambool, furniture manufacturer : — Causes of insolvency : Losses in paying out partners from business, payments of interest as necessitated by such outpayments, and falling off in business. Lia bilities, £3,30S 7s lid ; assets, £1,563 15s ; deficiency,' £1,774 12s lid. A meeting of creditors will be held at two p.m. on Wednesday, 23rd inst., in the Warrnambool Court House, before the Chief Clerk of Insolvency. Mr. Aj» B, Hackly, official assignee. Schedule filed at Hamilton —Samuel Taylor, of Maoarthur, far mer. Liabilities, £758 Ss 7d ; assets, £751 ; de ficiency, £7 Ss 7d. Causes of insolvency : Long illness of insolvent's wife, failure of crops, and loss of sheep. A meeting of creditors is to be held at the Court House, Hamilton, before the Chief Clerk, on Monday, 21st ApriL Official assignee, Mr; R. Giles. ' The Ghost, the Kellys, and tbe Tele phone. — We (oSouih Eastern, Star) are informed that when the report that a -ghost or ghosts had been seen in vicinity of Mac Donnell Bay by the brothers Garrison, reached the eats of in- sj>cctor l'eterswald in Adelaide, the telephone was put into use between that city and our port, and a conversation took place between the inspector and the officer stationed at the Bay, as to the possibility of one or more members of the Kelly gang being in the locality, -and assum ing some such disguise in order to frighten persons froiXLapproaching their lurking place. Melbourne " Quarterly Review. — The current number of the above mentioned review has been issued. Its contents ere as follow : — Political parties in Victoria, a rejoinder, by the Hon. E. Langton ; the modern pulpit, by the Rev. W. H. Fitehett ; the land question in New Zealand and in Australia, by William W. Carliie ; Professor Max Miiller and the .Chinese language, by John W. Rogers ; two theories for the working of bi-cameral legislatures, by Miss C. H. Spence ; experiences during the siege of Plevna, part 2, by Dr. Charles Ryan : modern legal reform in England, by Bruce Smith; Walter Bagehot's literary studies, by A Patcbett Martin ; and critical notices. Uncommonly Honest. — The Smythesdale correspondent of the Star writes: — "Duringthe past week a gentleman from that town was in Melbourne on professional business, and when standing in Bourke street talking to two friends a stieet Arab arrayed only in trousers and shirt accosted them thus: — 'Please give me two pence ; I have fourpenco, and for twopence more I can get a supper.' One of the gentlemen handed the lad haif-a-crown, told to get change, and when he came hack he would give him the twopence out of it. The party con cluded that they would not see the young Arab any more. In a few minutes he came bounding up, and held out liis hand to the gentleman and gave him the half-crown, with two shillings and sixpence worth of coppers. Astonished at the .honesty of the lad, he was desired to keep the lot, and the other two gentlemen augmented the amount with 2s each. The Arab, finding hinnmlf in possession of 6s Cd, burst . out crying, declar ing that he never saw so much money before, and he did not know what to do with ib At all events, he has experienced that 1 honesty is the best policy.' Surely it is a national tin to have a lad like that running through the streets of the metropolis without an effort to save him." Important to Building Societies. — The Age says : — " Shareholders in building societies have read with feelings of dismay the particulars which we published on Tuesday last concerning the recent defalcations in the Fourth Victoria Society. During the last year or two several of these institutions 'have suffered serious losses owing to the dishonesty of employls; and the question must be in the thoughts of many, " "Whose turn next?" The report brought up by the committee of the society in question is calculated to increase rather than allay anxiety, from the absence of any adequate explanation as to the means by which such wholesale' Blundering was effected. It isJoroadly stated that the late secretary, John S. Denny, has appro priated the large sum of £6,131 0s. 11a. by means of forgeries, and had so neglected the business that it has become -necessary to write off an amount of £4,661 9s. lid., making a total loss of so less than £10,792 10s lOd. The defalcations have extended over a period of four years, from the very commencement, in fact, of Denny's engagement, and but for an accidental disoovery they might have gone on far up indefinite period, ftnd have finally reached -an amount which would have crushed the society. A New Source of Electricity is reported by the New York Herald. A lady in Nevada has been suffering from neuralgia, and for six months resorted to the use of an electrical battery -to alleviate her pain, but to no result. IVhen the recent cold weather set in tjiq lady one night entered a dark room, and en picking pp a woollen cgat was startled to find a bright |&ht; surrounding her hand, while the electric currents passed along tbe arm, shocking her severely. Next evening she let down her hair in the dark," and on combing it sparks flew in. every direction, and there was asharp cracking sound. None of these peculiarities occur when iron is touched, but ihe instant the lady touches woollen materials -the fire begins to fiy, and tta shocks follow one another in rapid succession. Those Blessed Babies 1. appear io find their way everywhere. No concert or lecture foam is free from their intrusion, they are often teen at theatres, and even attend church for other purposes than that of being christened. Not very long ago, when an infantile genius showed its appreciation of a sermon by inter-, jectmg squalls, a worthy divine m Hanultofi. remarked, that although he realiy-iwas -partial to babies at proper times and places, lie certainly did object to & dpirch being converted info & nursery. Indignant at such language being thrown at it, the cherub 'went in for to prolonged yell, which' gradually softened down as it's cus todian, made tracks away from the sacred edifice: - This is the way -in which, according to the Advertiser , a mamma, end her darlings were recently treated at Geelong. . Our contemporary says : — "People who are in foe habit of going to church, and -Who have occasionally had, their 1 thoughts divine rudely distiacted by the wails of some infant whose, pious mother cannot leave it behind hqr ai1 home, will be pleased to learn that stern retribution has overtaken one of those distuifoem of religious peace. At some services held recently in a sacred edifice, situated much nearer the town clock tiian the Huiray River, the wrath of one or two persoiw was aroused by. the disturbance occaooned liy three unquiet cherubs whose, mother had wheeled them to church in to' perambulator. Determined . id prevent his devotions bring in terrupted in future, one hardened individual left the church stealthily, seized the peram bulator. .(which had, of course, been left out side), and running tothe top of a steep de clivity- sent it whirling away— be knew pot and cared not -whither. The owner, .whri i service was over, tomsse, tiie vehicle a£ gather her innocents info her arms and stagger LAm under herriple burden. The perpetrator of tins punishable . joke says that his devotions have since been undisturbed." The Land Act. — Applications ap proved Licenses sec. 19 — J. Gentles, St. Helens ; T. Fennell, Magepp& ; J. "Wilson, Boikerbert; R. M'Leod, Dergholm; J.Satchell, Myajnyaj GvDay, Drumbojg ; J. Hedditch, Kenthruck ; J.Gntting Glenaulin;F. Freckleton,Drick Prick; WBudge, Nullan ; J. Bodey, Longerenong ; J. Beilby Ban- ferang; G. Bodger, Kadnook ; R. M'Farlane, pearinga ; C. O Connor, Natiznuk and Darra- gan ; W. Loshe, Yehrip ; A Black, Yalimba ; A Bernard, Yuppeclnar j. Garry, Condah ; A Hope, Munandirra ; J. Jacobson, Macartbur ; D. Matheson, Curracurt ; A M'Beth, Broad water ; J. , Smith, Kangertong. Leases sec. 20 — A and H. J. Bioomfield, South Hamilton ; J. M&honey;, TCategat ; A Keiiler, Portland ; £. Bodey, Jung Jung ; J. "VF. W. King, Carchap ; M. Price, nee Morris Nullah ; H. Cameron, junr. Telangatuk ; M. IV. Butler, Kellalac. The Rainfall. — We subjoin a copy of the registry taken at the Shire Office, corrected up to date: — , . : " 1674\. 1675. 1676. 1877.' 1878. 1879. January G.E8 ... 0.89 ... LW .. 0.86 ... O.OQ 0,00 February 0.77 ... 1.84 ... €.64 .. i.ib ... 3.28 0.23 March ... 3.20 ... 0.26 ... 1.90 ... 1.04 ... 3.40 l6s April ... 1.32 ... 2.57 ... 1.63 ... LI2 .. 2.27 — May ... 1.56 ... 2.60 ... 1.90 ... 3.32 .. 0.65 — June ... 1.76 ... 3 29 ... 2.47 .. 1-62 ... 4.17 — July ... 1.90 ... 1.60 ... 1.29 .. 0.83 ... 168 — August... 2.49 ... 4.48 ... 2.66 ... 1.60 ... 2.1 — Sep. ... 3.61 ... 1.72 ... 1.90 ... 1.95 .. 1.60 — October 2.24 ... 1.82 ... 2.63 .. 0.64 ... O.OO — November 0.88 ... 4.18 ... 3.26 ... 0.51. ... 1.20 — December 2.26 ... 3.60 .« LI0 .. 0.92 ... 0.63 — Totals 2X66 28.60 22.80 15-30 — — 