BENTS IN IRELAND. (From the Times.) . r Our Dublin Corivspondent tolegrnpbcd -'on Holiday niglit, Jtmo 0 n Notwithstanding tho letter of Archbishop I'TTale, expressing disapproval of the movement " coTiimcucud by a few designing mpu wlio, in- . 3t-;ad of tho well-being of tho commtmity, work onlv lo proninta llioir iiursoiml inlorost, tho inoeiius in fnrtlicnuioo of tho niiti-iont ngitntion wits -hold yesterday' in WcsUwvt. Allhuugh it ramnil heavily, between -1,0011 nutlTi, 000 poiplo as.'Cinbled from tho surrounding districts. Tlicy mnrehed in -proocosion, live doep, v.-ith a band and banners displayed, and green boughs and' — sn dics-in imifusionr"- The banners- l-oro-snch- aiiScriptions as-'Tko.iand for tho people,' -Down with jobbing landlords,' 'Sorts no longer,' and Ireland (or tho Irish.' Tho principal spcakors \- w(,ro Messrs. rarnell, M.P. ; Davitt, released i J-enian -prisoner ; G. Ilavris, nnd OSnUivanof . . Halliunsloe. Mr. H. Daly was called to the " Clicir. Mr. Davitt proposed, and Mr. O'Sulli- van seconded. tlio_i-csoliitimi_rcsi)oeting.the-dc-_. inand of llio country for solf-gorornment. Sir. Diivi'.t said ho would not dedno 'what was meant' by -sclf.novornmol).t._b-Ut_leayo_tha-lllC£tii!g_to_ draw its own cohdusion. A l-aco of savages in- South Afi-ica were now' contending . for tho principle, which was as strong in tho Irish heart .. now as it was a hundred years ago. Cheers wore given for tho Zulus. Ho said a difference _ of opinion ovistcd as to whether they should press tnoir full right lo independence or accept medium moasuro : but as an Irish Sationalist, iio cotild not himsolf rotrcat one- inch -from the nosition lib had taken np when ho represented \- - right to independence. He oallod on the Irish farmers to unite. They wero thoro to denounce tho landlord system, which was liko a millstono round the neck of Ireland. It was imposed upon thorn bv the Euglish Government, nnd tho \- iaudlords-wero.only an English gnri-isou. The , "pooplo "shouid depend upon thomselvcs for the \- settlement of the land question and not upon the Irish rarlinmcniary party. He desired to speak of the clergy with respect, but tlicy should not allow anybody, no matter what the cut or color ' of their ololh might be, lo uso tho present agita tion in order that their particular grievances . might be remedied. Mr. O'Snllivan said the power of the landlords must be restricted, and moral forco becorao strong by having physical ' forco behind it. His speocli drew forth cries of ' Down with Homo Rule.' Ho advised the farmers to meet -and proposo fair rents, and if thoy were not accepted to pay none at all. 'rhis counsel wns loudly cheered. Tho doctrino of .. ' tho land for the people and the people for tho . laud' mnst, he said, bo laid down, and if necca- ' aery, tboy must bo ready to lay down their lives to sustain it nnd rather die in tho field of battle tlmn in tho ditch. Mr. Pamell, M.P., proposed tlio second resolution—' That not only political expediency, but jns'tice nnd tho vital interests of Ireland domand a re- adjnstmcnt of tho land teunre — a rc-adjnstincut based upon tho principlo that the occupier of tho land shall bo tbe owner thorcof, and thnt will-1 prevent further confiscation of tho tenants' proporty by unscrnpidons landlords, and will secure to tho people of Ireland their natural right to the soli of their country.' He helievod that tho ninint ' tcnnnco of the land, nn institution .which wn», not a natural one, was not for tho benefit of nny country except England, which had assimilated itself to it. If an arrangement could be made , withnnt injuring tho land, and by which tho tenant would have land of his own to cultivate, it would bo better for this country. Ho looked upon that its a final settlement, nnd the land- lordshouldbocompensatcdby theGovernmcnt; bat in the meantime the -tenant, as long as ho , had paid iau- rout, should- bo left to enjoy tho Cuits of liis industry. A fair rent war, a ront ho could reasonably pay according to tlio \- timos, but lie could not be expected to "pay as much in bad times as in good. 1 Now, what must wo do,' bo said, ' in order to indnco tlio landowners to see tbo position ? You mnst- show tlio landlords that you intend to hold a firm grip on your -homesteads and lands. Yon . must net allow yourselves to bo dispossessed ns yon wore dispossessed in 1817. You must not allow your small holdings to ho turned into largo ones.' I am supposing tbntthe landlords will xemnin deaf to tho voico of reason ; but I liopo tboy may not, and that on thoso properties on which tho rents nro ont of all proportion to tho times a roduotion may bo made,, nnd thnt immediately, if not yon mnst help yourselves, and tho public opinion of tho world will stand by yon and snpport yon in tbo struggle to defend your, homesteads. I shonld be deceiving you if I=told'-youthatthorowa8nhyuEOig relying upon the exertions of tlio Irish members of Parliament in your bolialf. He hoped they might bo wrong, and show they might rely on the Irish representatives, bnt they should remember thnt 'God holps tboso who helps themselves. Tho breaking down of tho barriers which divided olasses promoted national feeling, arid lie was snro that nothing conld be moro effectual for that pnrposo than the obtaining n land Rill planting tlio people on tho soil. Mr. London, in soconding tho resolution, said Mr. Butt's Land Bill, which contained n olnuso for a revaluation of rents at tho ond of n number of years and so enabled tho landlords to confiscate tho land again, would ncvor bo acceptod by the tenants. The next resolution, which was pro posed by Mr. J. Walsh, of Balla, and socondod by Mr. Hastings of Lonisbnrgh, was to tho — : following— effeot : — '-That— tho -occnpiora being unable to pay tho current rents owing to bad harvests and other depreciations of fnrmers produce, any lnnillord who evicts a tenant ior non-payment of an unfair rent is an enemy to tlio- human rnco, and wo pledgo om-solves to protect by every means in our power tlio victims of such oppression.'. All tho resolutions wero ; earriod with acclamation." CnAnorao to see toe Ghost. — To make a round sum in dollars out of an apparition which- declines (says a London paper) to appear, is worthy of Yankeo outopess. Mr. Crochoron, of . Staton Island, has dono it — and n good many inombors of tlio Now York Press, On tho 1st — : — of-Marcb— Mr— CroclforoirTiird iumily wont to" livo in a houso nearly fifty yours old, a ghostly antiijnity in America. They suffered muoli from liomble noises and rappings, and tboy " claim" that a largo iron bodstoad wns earriod about by in- _TisibleJmnd8,_Tho.i'knockinga'.': ceased after Mr- Crochcron dropped somo balls of vats' poison down a hole in tho iioor, bnt an 'alarmed family in- -. r- eistod on leaving tho house on tlio 1st of May. Tlio reporters of tho Now York papers 'hurried down, and beggod permission to pass the night in tho most hauntod room. Mr. Groohoron extorted n dollar a Load from thoso reprcsentn- . , iivoB of intelligent ontorpriso, and led them all ' to an empty hodclmmbor. Locking tho door behind him, lio mndo a little spoech, aftor haul ing from his pockot a billot of oak wood about two inches thick and a foot and a half ill length. "Look hero, gentlemen, ".ho. Raid, waving his Iruuchoon, " if you'vo comet! "flown 'hero to ' crack atiy jokes at my expense, you'd better look 1 out, for I will givo 3-ou rnls." Whntovor this ; proniiso may imply, it damped tho zoal of tho reporters. Only threo young mon remained in the hauntod dumber all night, and thoy kohcld " nothing woi-so than themselves." So soionti- ficnlly-hiquisitivo-ai-o tho citiuouB, however, that Mr. Giqchei'on koeps up his tariff of a dollar a head for visitors, no oxtm chargo boing made iu caso of tho arrival of a gcuiiinb . apparition, wliiio no money is returned nt the doors if tho " spook" foils to show. Tlio citir.ons nro satis- \- ficd with this nrraugoinout which scorns' fair tutd sportsmanliko . - a 