DONNA QUIXOTE. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY. Author of "Dew Lady Disdain," Misanthrope," &c.; 1 Miss CHAPTER XXXVI. "AT OltB O'CLOCX TO-KOEEOW." Gabrielle returned for once to her old home. She had thought it best for many reasons to n^e Robert Charlton there. One reason was because she hoped to accomplish her end so completely tbat she oould bring Janet and her husband together in a .moment. She hoped to .see them go out of tbe house reconciled,, arm-in-arm ; " and then," she thought, " it will be time to have done with the place;. it will have served a last good purpose for me, and may well pass into other hands." There was something oppressive to her good spirits in the atmosphere of the lonely house. As she passed from tbis-room into that she felt as if she should not be surprised to see a ghost cowering on each hearth. She went into the memorial room, and was ready to sigh over the vanity which would perpetuate a sentiment by means of a few symbols. She was glad that all the things there were to be sent. to Mrs. Leven, to whom alone they would now rightly belong. Then :the house would be disposed of after a while, and Gabrielle would fed. herself free thenceforward of all its unwelcome obligations and its mournful memories. She would be free to think of it ever after only as the happy place where! she first learned that Olarkson Fielding loved her, and where she acknowledged her love for him and to him. But she still thought it possible that she might persuade the Charltons to occupy the place for some time, until the scheme for Charlton's becoming a West-end success should be in a fair way towards accomplishment. She bad been greatly impressed by some words of Fielding's about Charlton, and men of his morbid nature. " Such men would be very good fellows in prosperity ; it was the wind of adversity that drew out all _ the sour bad qualities in them. The snow resting on them brings out the flavour of some fruits, but it destroys that of others; and Charlton's is a nature that can't stand the frost. Warm him up in the sunshine of a little prosperity, and he would be sure to come all right. What we call cynicism and ill-nature in some fellows, Gabrielle, is often only the physical effect of want of success; just as we sometimes tancy a friend is out of humour with us when he is only suffering from the toothache." Gabrielle felt convinced that if she could put a little prosperity in Charlton's way he would become a good husband and a happy man. She did not think there was anything bad in him. Of any treachery towards herself and Fielding she had net the slightest idea. She never thought of any one being treacherous. She felt that she should have earned a title to be happy herself, and should have propitiated the powers above if she could succeed before she left England in reconciling Janet and her husband, and at least opening for them the door to prosperity. She did not ask to see Janet. She did not even ask Mrs. Bramble if Janet was then in the house. This rather surprised Mrs. Bramble, who, however, only assumed that Gabrielle had tco much to think of concerning herself to have ar>y time left for thinking about Janet. Gibrielle did cot say why she thus suddenly presented herself in her old home; she only told Mrs. Bramble that if any one came to see her he was to be. shown in to her at once. Knowing the jealous temperament of the unhappy Charlton, she felt that her enterprise would have much better chance of SUCCGSS if she could tell him at once that Jauet had nothing to do with it; tLat she had not spoken with the little woman or even seen her. ''He will come, surely ?'-" she said to herself from time to time. She WES as anxious about his coming, and about the success of her attempt, as another woman might have been about a presentation at Court, or her first experiment in private theatricals. She wandered about the rooms restlessly, waiting for him to come. She had herself come to the trysting- plsce long before the hour appointed. She might have been a girl waiting for her lover, instead of a kindly impulsive woman trying to do some good for a poor brokendown and feather-headed worker in one of the lowest of the artistic grades. She positively trembled with emotion when at last she was told that Mr. Charlton begged to be allowed to speak a few words with her, and would not detain her long. _ " No; but I will detain him longer than he thinks perhaps," she said to herself in great good-humour at the promising omen given by his ready obedience to her summons. His appearance somewhat shocked her. He was looking haggard and broken-down. There was a furtive, cowering way about him, halfdefiant, half-fearful, which she could not understand. He was slovenly and careless in his dress, a thing unusual in him, and his small, thin, girlish hands had a sickly look. He stood a moment at the threshold of the room and looked nervously in as if he expected or feared to see some one else here. So manifest was the meaning of his look tbat Gabrielle replied to it as though it had been something spoken. " Come in, Mr. Charlton; there is no one here but myself. I was anxious to say a few words to you alone." He came in slowly, still glancing round him as a man might do who fancied that he was being drawn into an ambush. This made Gabrielle a little impatient. " May I ask you to take a seat, Mr. Charlton ? I dare say you can guess why I sent for you " About Janet ?" he said, with a weak attempt at a smile. " About Janet, yes." " She has spoken to you, perhaps ?" " No; I have not seen her since I saw her lsst in your room; and I have not heard from her." He bent his head, but said nothing. "1 do so want to bring you and Janet together (•gain. I do so wish to be the means of doing that much good; I' can't believe there is any i fe-ason why ycu should not be brought together. I know there is nothing in her th*t is not g'.-oJ, snd sweet, and true; and indeed I can't believe anything bad of you. Let me send for Jijiet. 1 " It is too late," he said. " Too late, Mr. Charlton ? Why, whit foil;, ! You talk as if you and she were separated l.y some gulf " "So we are," he said gloomily. " Oh, no; there is no gulf separating man and wife but death, or some evil of which you sre no more capable than she. I don't bjlLve anything bad of you." " If you did-but know " " Well, I don't know. Tell me, trust to me. I have taken an interest in you for a long time. I always associate you with Bolihgbroke-place, and days that if I fived a thousand years would always be dear to me. I was very anxious to do something to make you two happy, Janet and you, and I am afraid somehow that I did more harm than good; I don't know why, but I am afraid it is so." " Yes, it is so," Charlton said without raising his eyes. " But why—tell me why ? Why was it harm more than good ? I meant nothing but kindness." " There are people," Charlton said despersitely, " on whom some kindness is thrown away—and I'm one of them. You meant it well, Mrs. Vanthorpe, but the more kind and friendly you were to me, the more miserable was the contrast of my own beggarly and pitiful sort of life. Why shouldn't I have been a gentleman? Why shouldn't I have a woman of education for my wife ? Why should I live in a garret, and have paupers for my companions, and a woman without half an idea for my wife ? I used to think once I was made for better things—I was a fool, of course; but every time you came near the place I thought of it more and more. Why couldn't I have been a man like him—and why couldn't I have had a wife like you ? Look at it yourself—I don't care now what I Bay—do you think it likely that a man like me could help seeing the contrast between Janet and you?" He talked on in such a quick excited way that Gabrielle did not at first get time to follow his meaning. When she began to understand it, there was something sickening in this pitiful display of vanity and egotism. " If I were a man," she said, " I should be ashamed of such feelings. I don't care what my class might be, or my way of life, I.should not have allowed that any other human creature was better than I for that reason, and that I ought to grovel before him " " I didn't grovel "What is that but grovelling? You envy some one because he has a house and you have only a couple of rooms—what is that but grovelling ? For shame, Mr. Charlton! Go and pluck up some spirit, and don't be ashamed of your wife, because she doesn't dress in silk and drive in a carriage " " No, it wasn't that; a man wants education; a man wants companionship of mind." " Stuff!" the impetuous Gabrielle exclaimed ; " I lo6e patience with such folly and vanity. It is miserable vanity, Mr. Charlton. Why didn't yon, with all your ideas and your'genius,"and the rest of it, teach your wife to be a companion ? She would only have been: too glad to learn. You might have moulded .her like wax, and if you want adoration, she would have given it to you as—as—nobody else would. You would have been Shakspeare. and Newton, and anything qlse you like for her. Well, we have said enough about this. I don't want to speak argrily to you, Mr. Charlton; but I am not surprised at Janet any more." 'You look down on me with contempt now," he said, " and I deserve it all. I despise myself; but if you only knew bow much worse I deserve of you than you think " " I don't think I want to hear any more, Mr. Charlton. I am not a Confessor." She had raaliy lost patience with him. " But it greatly concerns you and Mr. Fielding." Gabrielle was about to decline any further revelations, but when he spoke of Fielding she thought herself bound to listen. She sat down patiently and allowed him to go on, affecting a composure she did not feel. He told her in words now disjointed and stammering, now inflated into a kind of egotistical rhetoric, the whole story of bis acquaintance with Paulina, of his share in Paulina's plot, and of the manner in which he had at length convinced himself that it was all a fabrication. His was not a nature that could be candid even in a moment of remorse and self-abasement. In the confessional itself- he would have kept something baek. He did not allow Gabrielle to suppose that he had never "really believed in Paulina's story. He exhibited himself as one who feels ashamed of having been deceived by an Tinworthy fabrication, but who, the moment be finds out its falsehood, is resolute to expose it. " This is extraordinary," Gabrielle said when he had come to an end. " I can't understand it; I can't understand the motive or meaning of any one concerned in it. This wretched woman must be mad—why should she -have such a hatred of Mr. Fielding ?" " She made love to bim and he wouldn't have her," Charlton said blontly. " And you, Mr. Charlton, why did you take any part in this wretched affair ? What wrong had he done to you ? What wrong had I done to you?" " He had done me the wrong of being happy and free, and well-off, and a gentleman with friends, and loved by—loved by people; and with a man of my stamp that was Wrong enough." " Yes," said Gabrielle, " and I ? what wrong had I done ? I always tried to do you good." " I told yoa before; you made my wretched pitiable life more miserable, because you showed me what sort of life other people have. You were beautiful and a lady, and clever, and charming, and if I could have had an ideal woman she would have been—like yoa. I could not stand Janet after I bad seen you. There, I I have said it all now. Think anything you like of me ; I don't care what any one thinks of 1 me now.-" Gabrielle rose very quietly. " Mr. Charlton," she said, " I had some thought up to this moment of trying to bring Janet and you together again. I have na such thought now. As her sincere friend, I should never advise her to return to your home any more. Anything would be better than that. You are not worthy ef the love of any good and faithful woman. You could not be a fit husband for a wife like Janet. The first woman who came in your way with finer clothes or a little more book-reading than your wife would carry your thought away from Janet. No; if Janet asks for my advice, I will give it to ber—live alone for ever rather than submit to a companionship like that. Neither God nor man dooms a woman to that." " Still she is my wife by law," he said, making a feeble protest. " I could compel her to come back to my home." I don't know much about law," Gabrielle said; "I dare say you could. You couldn't compel her to respect you and to love you, as she always did before." " You said yourself that nothing but death ought to' part man and wife." " I had not then heard what you told me of yourself," Gabrielle answered. " I was thinking of some common quarrel or anger; I was not thinking of such utter unworthiness." " Yoa are very hard upon me. Yoa have ro pity." " No," Gabrielle declared emphaticaUy; " I have no pity for such things as that." He was inclined to. make some abject appeal to her on the ground that she of all women ought to have some pity for his weakness, but her expression of face cowed him. He did not venture to make the attempt. " I might, perhaps," he pleaded, " be able to do you some service, you and Mr. Fielding; I could help you to show up tbat woman's plot." " Mr. Fielding and I are utterly indifferent to that woman's' plot, or any other plot," Gabrielle said. " We are going to be married at once, to show our COB tempt for it. She will bring barm on herself; she cannot injure us." " She is a dangerous woman " " Dangerous for those who consort with her," Gabrielle said with emphasis. " Not for those who defy her. You can tell her so, Mr. Charlton, if you will." Perhaps there was some barb of feminine malice in these words. Gabrielle could not keep them back, so much did she now despise him; so indifferent had she grown to his feelings. He was keenly pierced by the words; they showed him how he had fallen. " Oh, you have no mercy," he said with a despairing gesture ; " you are like all the rest. You have no pity, and yet you were the cause of all this to me. You didn't mean it, I know; yon meant it well; but you were the cause of it all. Mrs. Vanthorpe ; you were the cause of it all. I- might have been happy it you hadn't tried to be kind to Janet and me." He was turning to leave the room. There was something of desperation in his looks which made Gabrielle for the first time afraid. A rush of pity came on her, too, with the fear. She had never seen any human creature so abject before. It seemed to be brought home to her conscience that she had no right to be so hard on his weakness and wrong-doing. What if her mistaken efforts to be kind had really done this wretched creature harm ? What if his lost life and ruined nature were to be laid to her account in a higher world ? Tbe thought made her feel humbled and almost penitent. There is a kindness which kills the character of its recipient, provided the recipient has any character left to be killed ; the kindness of indiscriminate almsgiving which curses him who gives and him who takes. Perhaps there is a kindness of another sort as baneful when it too is indiscriminate, especially when it is offered to man by woman. It began to dawn upon Gabrielle that perhaps she would have done much better if she had not arrogated to herself the part of a little Providence to Charlton and his wife. Perhaps it would have been better if her kindness had been a little more modestly distrustful of its own right to intervene. She began to feel this painfully. No thought for a moment entered her mind that the very despair of Charlton was what some woman in her place would hsve considered a tribute to their own attractiveness. What she most despised Charlton for was the appeal that would have suggested such an idea. But it began to be clear to her tbat there may be a dangerous levity of kindness as well as of coquetry. She was softened in a moment by the thought. She stopped Charlton as he was going. " One moment," she said; " pray stay. Havs I really done you this wrong—this harm at least, for I meant no wrong ? I should be sorry for tbat. I only meant to do you some little good if I could. I liked your wife so much— and you for her sake." " It doeB not matter now," he said grimly, and he was going. " Oh yes, it does matter," Gabrielle pleaded earnestly—she was now the one to plead—" If I have been tbe cause of any harm to you, it is only right that I should be made to know of it." " You did the harm," he said; " that is certain. You didn't think of it—and I'll tell you why you didn't, because yeu thought an unfortunate devil like me could have no feeling towards a woman like you, and wouldn't presume to contrast you with any poor ignorant creature of his own class who might be tied to him. I wish I had never Been you—although I know that you haven't a thought to me or to any one that isn't pood and kind—yes, I wish I had never seen" you! I might have been content for ever with my poor little Janet, and never fancied that I should have been happier with a woman of education who could talk to me.. I wonder who will talk to me now ?" Mr. ..Charlton," Gabrielle said with quiet earnestness, " I am more deeply grieved than I could say to hear- that my unfortunate interference has been the cause of any pun; but I will try to make amends. It is not too late. You spoke of Janet just now in a manner that makes me hope you are sensible of the cruel injustice you have done to her. I welcome your words; I take-back all that I said before; I think Janet and you ought to be brought together once again. Let me be the peace-maker, and atone in that way for any harm I may have done." He shook his head. "Too late," he said flgajp. "No; not too late. Nothing is too late while we live. Perhaps Janet is now in this very house. Stay here for a moment—I will go and look for her; and you shall meet face to face, and speak to each other." She was leaving the room in haste. Charlton interposed. "Tomorrow," he stammered; "let it be to-morrow; not to-day, please. I woui d rather not to-day." To-morrow," Gabrielle said with a faint blush, I;am to be married; and I am then leaving England." - " So sodn ?". Charlton said. Then he asked abruptly, " Where axe you going to be married —and when?" A moment's doubt crossed Gabrielle's mind. Could be possibly be asking such a question in the interest of the irrepressible Paulina, and with some purpose of enabling her to make some disturbance ? But ' she dismissed the thought at once, and quietly told Charlton the place and tbe hour. " Why should nut you and Janet be present 7" she said, a sudden hope coming up in her mind. It would seem like a blessing on my marriage, Mr. Charlton, if I could see Janet and you there together and reconciled. Do let me have this happiness. If I have done yoa any harm, be generous and do this much good for me n return. Stay here; I will look for Janet." She made a half imperious gesture to him,' to tell bim that he was to wait, and she ran ont of the room. She did not find Janet; Mrs. Bramble had sent the poor little woman out for a walk with one of the maids. Mrs. Bramble had now got to expect a regular visitation from Fielding every evening, and with a supefiuous prudence, having known of Robert's absurd jealousy, she resolved for the future to have Janet out of the bouse when Miss Gabrielle's lover was likely to present himself. " One can't be too careful about these things," the good woman thought. « We must not leave anything in the power of that bad man to say." The bad man, it is perhaps well to observe, was not Clarkson Fielding but Bobert Charlton. Gabrielle's return to Charlton was a little delayed, for in her way she came upon Fielding himself, and caught unceremoniously in bis arms. Not having had the faintest'thought of meeting her there, he felt the wilder 'delight.' She' explained to him, in tbe hastiest manner, what she was trying to do, and then broke away, released on parole with a positive promise to return. She felt disappointed as she made her way back to the room where she had left Charlton. It was unfortunate that she should have failed to find Janet at once. It Was a great chance lost. If she could have brought the husband and wife together at that moment she might have joined their hearts before the son had wholly gone done. So she was thinking as she entered the' room. But then she sadly changed her mind. Charlton had gone. He had managed to get ont of the house unseen by any one. It was plain that he bad escaped in order that he might not meet Janet. Gabrielle was disheartend and almost dismayed. It seemed to her that tile misunderstanding between Janet and her husband must have deeper roots than she supposed. Like" a woman she was'mora concerned about the estrangement between tha husband and the wife than about tbe treacherous part which Charlton' acknowledged he had played in regard to Paulina's 6tory. She thought that a very bad thing for him to have done; bat she was not impressed by it as a man would have been. Most men would have regarded the breach of manly, honour and truth as a graver offence' than any quarrel with one's wife. Gabrielle went back to her lover and told him of her trouble. Bat it must be Owned that th'ey soon ceased to talk of Charlton, and began to talk ohly of themselves. To- morrow they hoped to be free to meet when and where they pleased ; to-morrow they hoped to leave England together. While they Bat in the gloaming, Bobert Charlton sought out Paulina. He found her in her lodgings alone and a good deal dispirited. She yawned and was melancholy; " in the blues,' she putit. " Oh, dear me, Charlton, Pm glad you have come in," she said, " although you know very well you ain't a lively companion. You're better than nothing. Ain't it a anil evening ? I don't ksow what to do with myself—really I don't." " Why do you sit at home in this dull way ?* he asked. " Why don't you go out somewhere ? Why don't you amuse yourself ?" 'There was an unusual animation about his manner. "Well, I don't know where to go exactly. I should like to go to some rattling goed music hall,^ or to some place where one could see dancing. I should like to go to Cremorne. Is Cremorne running yet ? We say 'running 1 in America, Charlton, for going on, you know." " Why don't you go to Cremorne?" " Because, you see, while all this business is going on I am forced to be very prudent and proper, and all that sort of thiiig. It would never do if I were to be seen showing myself off at some dancing-place. One can't be too careful, ' Charlton; a woman can't, I mean." " You are tired of playing at respectability,". Charlton said. " Thafs about it, Charlton; Tm very tired of it. That sort of tbing was never made for Pau- - lina Vanthorpe. I say. wouldn't it be a lark if you and I were to go. off to Cremorne together ? How would the .little wife IJke'it, I wonder ?" " If you are tired of being . respectable," Charlton asked, not replying to her question about the little wife," why don't you give it up and amnse yourself ?" : • : " Lord, man, I can't until I have put this business through one way or the other.. It would be . no end of a score for the other side if I were to'' be making a frisky matron of myself. I wish the whole thing was over; f m sick tired of it." " Why don't you drop it altogether ?" ''.Well, you see I have gone too far for that. Besides, I am determined to have my revenge on him. I have old scores to pay off on Master Fielding, I can toll you—things a woman never forgives. I'll make trouble for him 'out of this ; I'll stop his marrying for him; there will ba scandal and there will have to be investigations and witnesses, and goings and comings, and before it's half over no one can tell what mayn't happen. I'm sorry for her; I am indeed. But I must have my revenge on him." " Besides, you know," Charlton said slowly, "he is your husband, Philip Vanthorpe. You coold not let him marry another woman while you were living/' He spoke in so peculiar a tone that Paulina looked suddenly at him with a suspicious gleam in her eyes. "Of course I can't let him marry another woman; and I don't'mean to. I dare say they would pay me to drop the whole thing, but I'm not going to do anything of the kind} I want revenge." " Suppose they were to steal a march on you and get married ?" Paulina jumped from her chair with passion flamiBg in her looks. " I wish you wouldn't say such things," she said. " They can't do it, and they shan't! Didn't I tell you I would go to the church, and denounce tbem, and stop it up? I should like that of all things." " After all," Charlton said meditatively, " I don't know that it wouldn't be better for you to let them get married. You could prosecute him then for bigamy." " Don't bother me about your bigamies. That ain't my game. I want to keep them unmarried. I don't care about your prosecutions. I tell you they shan't marry, and now don't annoy me any more with your talk of that kind, there's a good fellow, or I may lose my temper." She sat down again. - "Well," Charlton said, "I only called in tonight to say that I am promised some news tomorrow. Something is going to be resolved on, I am told. I believe it is pretty certain that he and Major Leven are going out to Neiv Orleans together." "Oh, capital!" Paulina exclaimed, clapping her hands; " just the thing I am glad to hear. There's the marriage broke off for goodness knows how long. The voyage out and the hunting up of proofs and evidences and things, and all the delays, and then the coming back—lord, it will take six months at the very least; and who can tell what may happen between this and then?" " Just BO," Charlton assented; " who can say what may happen between this and then ? Between this and then ? Who can say what may heppen to-morrow ?" " This is good news yon bring me, Charlton, if it only turns out to be true." " I believe it is true; I am told positively that they are going out together to New Orleans. Anyhow I shall know for certain to-morrow. I shall come and let you know at once." , "That's a dear good fellow; I shall be wild with anxiety. When shall I expect you ?" " Let me see." He stopped and considered. " Twelve o'clock I shall probably be able to leave that place," he did not say what place, " and I shall come straight to you. Oh, well, let us say 1 o'clock. I shall have the news for you at 1 o'clock to-morrow." "All right, ni stay in bed until late. I shall only get up in time to see you at I o'clock. I think when one is expecting anything one doesn't mind the anxiety of waiting so much when one is in bed." "At 1 o'clock then," he said, "I'll bring you the news. At 1 o'clock, mind. We shall know for certain then." There was something odd about his manner. "I can't quite make out tbat chap," Paulina said when he had gone. " Anyhow I shall be glad to see him at 1 o'clock to-morrow." 