CRICKET. DUNDAS SHIRE v. HAMILTON BOROUGH COUNCIL. (Br a Vet!) According to arrangement, the mid teams representing theee two local bodies met for the 2S£m?on Friday. It will be remembered that on the last occasion Fortune smiled upon the countrymen, and the elect of our colonial Chicago were consequcu-.-j- .. onttheir defeat. Several of the members of both councils were unavoidably absent, and ovine to the unfortunate accident which befell &£r. Uimsoe, the President «£ the Shire, it was moral, seoonded, and cairied«bnanimondy, that ' ""Cr." Skene be 'elected " chairinaa " for the occa sion. At about two o'clock, the ball wae opened by the captains tossing for choice of which was won by our worth" . Mayor, who sent his opponents to the wickets. ' The captain and Cr. Riches made desperate efforts to dispose of the two first batsmen, Crs. Skene .and Forsyth, the shire cracks (the former of whom has played so often and well for the fLC.CL. in former times) : frantic exer tions were made by the excited fieldsmen to secure impossible catches ; each and every mem- ber of the team volunteered to make a martyr of himself by going on bowling — long -on, par ticularly, being aniiop to change places with anybody ; but all in vain. Two's and threes - appeared rapidly .upon the scoring- sheet until when about 40 had been scored, Or. Riches, acting upon a friendly hint from the perspiring long-held, "chucked one up" and caused the retirement of the slogger. Exultant were the expressions of delight from the over- woraea booubs, iwu uuu«u up, uue ue- lighted individual performed his own inimitable war -dance, and long -on, after a fruitless attempt to get possession of the umpire's flask, humming the suggestive air " In the Sweet By-and-bye," slackened two buttons, and laid down for a well- earned, but too brief repose. Gould, who pluckilv hazarded any number of run oats, through his determinationta stick to his " tile,' proved a substitute nearly up to ordinary Council form, and played very severe cricket for three runs, when he was persuaded to retire for Higgins, another sub., who displayed too great an eagerness to give his many admirers an ex ample of a "good old Kaxabeal pull," and spooned one to Cr. Bree, who held the catch, dancing a brief involuntary eorroboree during the time the ball was in the air. Exit Karabeal with a sigh- for his cipher, muttering strange things if he 44 had only got hold of it," and Cr. Anderson appeared at the board. Just at this time play was for a time impeded by a messen ger from the pavilion bringing the startling news that the hot sun had caused the evaporation of all the liquor, but a fresh stock was soon obtained, and the game proceeded. The new comer, after two terrific pulls with the back of liis bat, gave Or. Bree another chance of distinguishing himself, and this time the de meanour of point when securing his victim, was marked with a little more complacency. Cr. Skene, who had been distributing his favours very equally, and appeared most happily uncon scious of a wicket- keeper, was now joined by Cr. Brown, the senior member for the West Biding,' who was beginning to show "howit'6 done," but in doing his " mark time," he got his right a little too far forward, and 44 was sat upon'1 by the umpire. Ex-Councillor Pratt, an other substitute, was last named ; bat in hand and pipe in mouth, he displayed an amount of nonchalance rarefy seen in cricketers in these times ; he had scored 5, and appeared so well set, that only an algebraical calculation would give any idea of the probable soore, when his partner, in attempting to lift one over the fence got his leg where his bat Ehould have been, and the innings closed for SO, of which number Capt. Skene had scored 46 in his first rate style, and without giving the ghost of achance. "Hurrah! it's all over," shouted the thirsty leather hunters, and with eweet visions of B and S before them, made double quick time to the pavilion. The Shire representatives hushed with the prospect of an easy victory, at once "scattered round," and the Captain and Cr. Forsyth were selected tmndlere. Crs- Riches and Brown intent on protecting Borough interests 44 slopped " the bowling everywhere, making it specially sultry for long-on, who, after travel ling for two successive threes, suddenly remem bered that he was a bowler, and nresented a petition to his captain to be put on. Said petition was received and held over for conside ration, and the game continued. One wicket down for 3d looked blooming, and 44 we ought to make a couple of hundred, n said the retiring batsman, but, alas ! cricketing calculations are hard to understand. Or. Hree next met the Chairman's eye, and from his orthodox style of taking guard evidently meant mischief, but al though not meeting with the fortune his cricket ing abilities merit, he was very soon 4 4 knocked down " for a good "round " figure, made way for his captain, our much-respected Mayor, whose all round play was valued at, and rea lised, an endless sum. Cr. -Tucker, after moving the adjournment of the meeting, which was ruled out of order, gave his best attention to ; business, and obtained a 44 wipe for one, doing the twenty -two yards in the slowest time on record, when the loud and long-continued ap plause of the assembled crowd proved too much for his modest nature and he took his seat to Eve the Surrey crack a 44 show," which the rter availed himself of to suoh an extent that three singles soon appeared to his credit. One of the hits should have been a double, but the bat slipped, and caused a delay by its owner performing a 44 Catherine wheel " in its recovery. The numerous attendance of fair ladies doubt less affected this batsman, for he was very soon caught " spooning,'7 and as that sort of thing is not permitted on the cricket field, " his name was Walker," making room for the latest- addi tion, Cr. Sergeant, who, although not having the Parliamentary experience of the " stone wall," knew enough of that style to keep his wicket intact, one (not out) being his price, and 45 the grand total With 35 to the good, the Shire team did a 44 walk round)" but were soon required in the field, where the Borough players ware on their mettle and chafing about their arrears. A noticeable change was made, Cr. Bree going on bowling in lien of his captain, at his own request, as he argued very naturally that if he was allowed a chance to 4 put them up" he ought to be able to 44 knock them down." Crs. Skene and Forsyth, again proved themselves \- good men and true, and Messrs. Pratt, Gould, and Higgins —the letter of whom ran a leg-bjc- in a style that even Harry Boyle would have envied — proved themselves substitutes worth looking after when others are not to be had. Cr. Anderson got one outside the -v-a-Tia for three, -and might have been good for a dosen if he had been afforded achanoe, while Cr. Brown, profiting by the severe lesson taught him in the , first innings, got both his bat and legs too far away from the wicket to stop one from Cr. Riches, and the scorers' verdict was all out for 51, of which number Cr. Skene obtained 28, again by good play. With only 86 to get to win, the town players felt comfortable and sanguine, and couldn't see why they shouldn't win after alL Again Crs. Brown and Riches treated the spectators to a display of hard hitting, one of the letter's hits being Just short of the outer fence, and nearly worth 5. Cr. Riches was particularly anxious to lift one into a buggy not more than 160 yards away, but his vaulting ambition overleapt itself, and he was bowled by Or. Skene, who also nicely caught the other "great gun," and everything was going favourably for the Shire until the last man was in, when the Mayor called " Time." saying it was too late to continue play, and aaked hismentoretira. Asno timehad been agreed upon by the captains for drawing stumps Thin.. were looking awkward, and Cr. Bree's intention of withdrawing appeared likely to cause a braze. -After quoting from the "Local government Act " in re adjournments, somebody moved that the Councils go into committee upon the subject, but the umpires objected to being shelved in that way, and quoted with great effect section 36, sub -section 2 of "Conway's Cricketers Guide," p. 235 (which of overruled and superseded the L. G. Act), by which power was given to them to decide upon the matter. A new light was then thrown upon the subject, and one of the umpires offered, in the event of this not being sufficient, to hold a match for the batsmen. Ultimately the dis pute ended pleasantly, and the game was con cluded by Cr. Sergeant being very shortly after wards bowled, and the Shire won by 60 runs. Messrs. F. Taylor and H. J. Bloomfield acted as umpires, while Messrs. Bell and Wilson did duty in scoring. Two marked features in the score were— Dj, the almost entire absence of " sun dries," but when the wicket-keeper and long- stop Valiantly threw their shins in the way of the ball, it wss difficult indeed to get past; one sUjferer at longstop feelingly remarking that, although he was willing to admit that everything in Nature was beautifully arranged, he thought it would have been an improvement had long- stop's calves been placed in front instead of be hind, where they ware of no possible use in his particular line. The second prominent trait of the players Was their sound judgment in running — each and all of them seeming to have almost as great a dread of being " run out," as they would have of being "run in." The dinner in connection with the match will come off on the evening of the 7th May prox. 