tftruiS of firlosi. Telegraph Estensiox. — The Tele graph-office at Donald is now open for busi- ucss. "Western Railway Extension. — A printed copy of the resolutions adopted at the Balls rat Bail way Congress having beeu forwarded to the Geeloiig Town Council with a request that the council would state their views concerning tbe programme of the Dundas and Villicrs Railway Association, a reply lias been received intimating that the Geclong Town Council referred the matter to the Public Works Committee, who approved of the several matters set forth in tbe Bal- larat resolutions, whereupon the Geeloug Council adopted the following motion That this Council having considered the report of the Public Works Committee No. 41 now submitted, will cordially and cheer fully co-operate with the Dundas and Vil- liers Kail way Association in their endeavors to have the black line of railway extended as far as Camperdown, this council lieartily approviug of the exertions made by the dele gates from the associated local bodies con stituting tbe Railway Congress at a meeting held by them in the City Hall, Ballarat, on the 22ud April nit., and of the resolutions adopted thereat, in order that the extension of the black line as above indicated may be accomplished." It appears that a select committee, appointed by the Geeloug Council before the Ballarat circular was received, had beeu considering the sub ject of railway extension, aud ou the 27th of June they adopted a resolution which will be brought before the whole council at the next meeting, to the effect that the Government should be urged to carry the extension of the black line of railway vki Hexham, Caramut, Pens hurst aud Hamilton, to the South Aus tralian border. There has also been a public meeting at Geeloug, as will be sceu by the report thereof which we publish to-day. By this report, it seems that the Geeloug people are opposed to the direct line of rail- wa3r from Melbourne to Ballarat being con structed, at present, for reasons given at the meeting. Tlris is a question concerning which Ballarat is divided against itself, one portion of the inhabitants represented by the desiring to see that line mode, and the other portion represented by the Courier be lieving it would be au iujury to Ballarat, as the trade of Gordons aud all neighbouring places which now couies to Ballarat, would be swept down to Melbourne wore the direct line constructed. Under these circumstances, the Ballarat Congress found they would he treading on delicate ground if they adopted auy resolution concerning the direct line from Gordons to Keilor, and therefore they left the question severely alone, and in so doing, they appear to have met with the approbation of Geeloug. Both Geeloug aud Ballarat have now expressed themselves favourable to the programme ofthe Dundas and Viliiers Railway Association, and it is highly probable that as soon as the meeting of Parliament next week has afforded a little insight into the future, a railway conference will be convened at Gee- long. in accordance with an imitation re ceived from the Town Council of that place. Just at present, the political situation mono polises all attention, aud it is felt that until the state of the funds available for railway extension is ascertained, such a movement would be premature. We are happy to in form our readers that the survey of the Branxholme route commenced by Air. Woods has not been proceeded witli, the survey party having been knocked off aud ordered to Bmythcsdale. Narracoorte Coursing Club. — Die M.oy Hall Cup, for an uulimited number of all- aged greyhouuds, is to be contested on the Kith July, aud it appears by the secretary's advertisement- that entities close on Wednes day, the 9th inst. Champion Ploughing Match at Warrnambool. — A champion ploughing match is announced by au advertisement iu j another column, to be held 011 the Faruhani Estate, near Warrnambool, ou Wednesday, the 16th July, under the auspices of the ; \ liners aua tjcytesoury Agricultural As sociation. A largo sum of money, £131, is offered in prizes. £9U of which is to be given m the Champion Class, the first prize-taker receiving £60. In Class B, which is open to all who have not won a champion match, the money value of tbe prize is £35, the first prize-taker receiving £20 ; aud in class O, for boys under fifteen years of age. the prize money offered is £9, £5 being allotted to the best in tbe class. The Standard says : — " Localities as far distant as Keraug are expected to be represented, and there is every probability of cxcelleut competition. Entries must bo in the Secretary's hands not Later than Saturday, the 12th July. The Warrnambool Steam Navigation Coippauy, we understand, have agreed to bring down implements for the match free of charge." Hamilton Water Works. — Yester- day, Mr. James H. Cameron, of Beaufort, tbe contractor for tlie construction of the water works, was formally pLiced iu possession of tbe site by the Borough Surveyor, so that it may i>e expected operations will l>e com menced immediately, and that work will l>e found for the numbers of men who have lat terly been ducking to the town in anticipa tion of getting employment ou this job. Tlie local carters should also find something to do in connection with tbg undertaking. Owing to the unavoidable delays that have taken place, the public must not expect to get much benefit from the scheme during the ensuing summer, as the embankment will not be finished in time to catch mnch of the rainfall of the present ayiutcj, but it is. at all events, a satisfaction to the ratepayers £$ know that at last the scheme for supplying theiqtyn with water has emerged from, the shadowy regions of theory, into th& stage which imme diately precedes the fruition of their hopes. The contract is to be completed by the J.s| January next. Ajlleged Embezzlement. — Yester day, a young man named Eastmure, in the service of Messrs,. Oooke aud Sou, as a grocer, was charged at the Police Court with em bezzling money belonging tp hi$ employers, aud was remanded till next week. ' it ap pears that for some time past suspicions were entertained that tuoney was iqisgiug, and to set at rest all doubts, a marked half-sover eign was tendered across the counter in pay? ment for goods, aud was received by the defendant. As the coin did not find its way to the till. E)asttnurc was. searched in the presence of the police, and the half-sovereign was taken from one of his pockets. About £20 in silver, done up in £1 packets, v<?re found in the room occupied by the defeudut, together with some jewellery, a revolver, and other articles. Of course if is quite possible tliat defendant may be able, when the case is called on, to account for tbe possession of the money aud other articles, and, therefore, until tbe defence is entered into, we will not prejudge the case. A. Lively Prospect. — The Age anti cipates tliat it will be necessary to impose additional taxation this year, amounting to ! between £300,006 aud £400,000. It pro poses new customs, excise, and stamp duties, aud hints that thre js to be a heavier im post upon some of the rich lauds in£bg Wes tern District. The Ministerial journal con sider it inopportune to raise the question of taxing town properties, or the incomes of absentees. What baa become of Alajor Smith's alleged savings? East Melbourne Election. — -The election for East Melbourne on Tucs4lay re- salted in the return of Mr. £ax by the over whelming majority of 1,237 over the Govern ment caudidate, Mr. N. Levi, tbe numbers being— Zox, 1S54 ; Levi, 617. The total number of votes polled was 2.471, or 616 less than at the genet al election of 1877. On that occasion, however, it must be remembered that there were five candidates, each of whom of course worked to bring his supporters to tbe poiJ. On the Uth May 1S77, Mr. Zox beaded the poll with 1506 votes, so that he has polled higher by 34S than he ili.i on that occasion. 'Evidently the constitutional party axe gaining ground. Mr. Berry Keastetil — Tho dinner given to Mr. Berry by the Reform League in tbe Atheomum-halL on Tuesday night, as a welcome to t him ou his return from bis politi cal mission to England, was attended by nearly 460 persoiiB. In reply to -the toast of ®Our Guest," Mr. Berry spoke for au hour, chiefiy upon the performances ofthe embassy aud tbe successes it had won. He inter preted the despatch of the Secretary of State to amount to a victozy for tbe Liberal party in the colony, which, he said, had. the 6apport of all parties in England. The company was nut told what sort of measure the Government intended to found on the despatch,, but entertained instead with some lively attacks upon the Argn, in somewhat old-fashioned phrases. Tue recent speech of Mr, .Service at Maidon was characterised simply as an attempt to throw 1 dust in people's eye3. Mr. Berry called upon his supporters to stand together, and not allow jealousies or localisms to divide them. Tbe watchword must be substantial consti tutional reform, which would enable the people to control their own affairs, and until they obtained that he hoped they would sup port the men in whom they had confidence. Of the gathering before him, he thought a great deal, for it was a great representative meeting, and all had come at their own ex pense. The other leading toast was " Our Cause," coupled with tlie Ministry, aud the chairman (Mr. Fisher) in proposing it, com mended Sir Bryan O'Loghlen for the nu merous sacrifices he had made in the in terests of the people since the last general election. During the evening Mr. Levi, the defeated candidate for East Melbourne, stalked on to tbe platform like Bauquo's ghost, and was received in solemn silence. The Member for Korhanby. — Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs that the charge of attempted garotting brought by Dr. Black against Mr. Tythcrleigh, M.L.A., has been dismissed on a technical point. Chinese Art. — Some oil paintings, representing three well- known Hamilton residents, are now ou view at the establish ment of Sun Kwong War, in Gray-street. The portraits were executed in China, from photographs forwarded from Hamiltou, and eularged to life-size. As specimens of celes tial art the likenesses are worth seciug, espe cially as tbe opportunity of compariug them with the origiuals can be availed of. The Billiard Champion. — As the day approaches the trial of skill between the two champions, Cook aud Kilkenny, is creat- ing iucreased interest in billiard-playing circles, and there is now little doubt but that Mr. Hcarn will be rewarded for the enter prising spirit he has displayed in arranging for tbe two exhibitions. There are still, however, a few good seats left, and for these early application should be made. LO.Cf.T. — We again remind our readers that the annual tea- meeting in con nection with the above will take place at the Town Hall to- morrow (Friday) evening ; tea on the table at half-past six o'clock. After the tea a public meeting will be held. The Rev. J. W. Inglis, of BaUarat, and other ministers will deliver addresses, and several choice selections will be rendered by an. efficient choir. As the surplus is to be handed over to the Temperance Hall fund, we anticipate a good attendance. Casterton Land Sale. — -At the sale on Monday last, tea town lots at Edeuhope were offered, and only one found a purchaser, viz., allot 1, sec IS, which was knocked down at the upset price of £4 per lot, to Mr. James Thomson. Lot 11, being the site of the Caledonian Society's ground in Cole raine, commanded no offer. The 49th Sec tion block of Mr. W. W. Hassall, consisting of 14a 2r24p, at Gritjurk, fell to the bid of Mr. James Gorman, at the upset price of £2 per acre. Mr. D. \V. Edgar's 49th Section block of 19a 3r 39p, at Coimewirricoo, was bought by Mr. J. T. Edgar, at the upset price of £2 per acre. Lot 14, adjoining the purchased land of Mr. Yale, at Bruk Bruk, was withdrawn. The 19th Section block of Mary Moresy, comprising 248a Or 35p, at Werrikoo, was bought by Mr. E. Walter, at the upset price of £i per acre. Hamilton and Western District College. — The advertisement notifying the new arrangements under which the above institution will be opened after the Midwinter vacation will be found elsewhere. Mean while the Directors have issued the follow ing circular 4 ' The Directors of the above Institution take this opportunity of announc- ingtliat they have appointed Mr. James Begg of the Glasgow University, and late Rector of the Hamilton Academy, to be Head- Master of the College, thereby securing the undoubted advantages which must accrue from the amalgamation of these two im portant 'Educational Establishments. The success which Mr. Begg has achieved by his careful and judicious management of the Academy, and the manner in which he has won the confidence of the parents of the boys who have been under his care, fully justify tue directors in navmg cnosen mm to mi such an important position. As will be seen on reference to his prospectus, he has mani fested a determination to maintain the repu tation of the College by commencing with a full and highly efficient staff, having, in addition to tlie effective sendees of his former teachers, secured the assistance of Mr. F. 11. Ring. M.A., of the Melbourne Univer sity, a gentleman who has most satisfactorily discharged the duties of Assistant io the former Head-master of the College. The Directors have much satisfaction in mention ing the name of Mrs. Begg, who is peculiarly fitted for the responsible position she has undertaken to occupy, aud under whose management pareuts my rest perfectly satis fied that the home-comforts of their boys will be carefully attended to, aud that their home-training will on no accouut be neglec ted. The Directors have every confidence in coinmcndiug the College under its new Mauagcmeut to the most favourable con sideration of all iU former supporters. P. Learmouth, Chairman of Directors, Hamil-. ton, 30th June, 1S79." The Geeloxg Times was issued for the first time as a morning paper on Tuesday, and we are indebted to it for the following : —'A rupture between the Ministry and the Age is imiiuncit. The Government have, it is stated, abandoned thp plebiscite; hence the quarrel. Ever since the adverse opinion of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach on this innova tion on our constitution has beeu made pub lic, the Ministerial organ has persistently urged its adoption, and no doubt resents this little display of independence on the part of the gentleman it patronises. It will be recollected that some time prior to the departure of the Cffigf Secretary for Europe, when it was proposed by somemembers of the Government to cause all payments at the Custonf. house to be made in bullion, with a view of injuring the banks, and a Gazette notice was about to be issued to that effect, the proprietors of the Age informed the pre sent administration they would ' write them out of office in a week,1 unless the step were retraced. Their behest was obeyed. Per haps ii tjiis instance too, the expression of its patron's opinion may cause the Government to alter their intention in the lw fitter," Tije Weighbridge outside Mr. Learmonfch's stores which been one of tbe institutions of liamilton fqr so many years is now in process of removal, consequent upon the fact that it has !>ecn superseded by the corporation weighbridge. Mr. Learmonth intends to have the machine erected opposite his mill in the township of Peushurst, where, Vc hayg no doubt, the convenience will fie duly appreciated by the Mount Rouse people, who have hitherto possessed nq means of weighing produce by the wagon- load. Hamilton Borodgh Bates. — The -finance committee met yesterday for the purpose of revising the list of rate-defaulters, when it was derided to summon upwards of two hundred of those ia arrear for the Jiresciit year. The by rges?es therefore had letter pay up. Ministerial Journals, when they have to meet au unpleasant statement which happens to be perfectly tine, have a way of Preprinting the statement aud then deny ing it, We ( Ipu rrnaiiibool Standard) re cently mentioned that menders of Parliament had been sounded as to whether they would support an extension of the area pf the laqd tax. The Age meets the statement as fol- lo\ys j— 1 "AQ up-country journal has stated that the Government. Ty'itU a view of increas ing the rereuug, propose to exteqd tho operation of the Banff Tax Act so as toiqr elude a numerous class of small landowners, whose property is not at present liable to taxation. This assertion is entirely without foundation." Our statement that members of Parliament had been sounded on the sub ject is here transmogrified, into the very different statement that Government had- made up their minds to propose the change. A member of Parliament who has himself been sounded by a Minister is the authority for our statement ; but we presume that the sounding process proved unsatisfactory, as we are now assured by the Age, that no such change is likely to be proposed Diphtheria — It is our painful duty (says the Dimhoola Banner) this week to have to record, two deatns from diphtheria in the family of James Anderson, Esq. This gentlemau has had the misfortune to lose four children within tlie last mouth by the complaiut mentioned. The remainder of his family are alo afflicted, but up till the time of writiug taey are reported to be progressing favourably. Imported Stock. — IJuite a ship ment ot livestock has arrived by the i steam- snip Kent, the greater portion of which has beeu brought out by Mr. Wm M'CuIIoch, for Jus herd at Glenroy. This is the fourth consignment of the Bates shorthorn cattle which has arrived for ££r, M'CuIIoch, and so far as breeding is concerned, they are said to be the finest ever seen in Australia. They comprise one Durham, five Oxfords, a.nd two others, and three of the eight cost over £6000 in England. The most valuable one is the young Duchess bull Duke of Elxnhur&t;, a very handsome calf not 12 months old until 5th inst. He is a rich roan, and looks a splendid animal Duke of Oxford 31st is a very grand bull, five years old, bred by the Duke of Devonshire. He is also a rich roan. The third is a rich roan bull-calf, four mouths old, bred by Mr. M'CuIIoch, aud named Grand Duke of Oxford. The cows are Grand Duchess of Oxford, Oxford's Duchess 2nd. Georgia Oxford, Nelly Non such, and Lady Rachel. Grand Duchess of Oxford is the cow Mr. M'CuIIoch paid 2100 guineas for at the Duke of Devonshire's «!<> in September last. Air. M'CuIIoch has also imported a fine lot of Leghorn fowls, the first which have ever beeu imported to this colony. They are said to be wonderful layers, and the breed have only been introduced into Eugland some four or live years, but are now great favourites, and command high prices. Eggs from one of the pens sold in Englaud at 20s per dozen, and tbe first prize birds at the Crystal Palace and other shows last season were bred from this pen. Mr. M'CuIIoch lias also imported two very fine greyhounds — Peasant Boy, who has twice been runner-up for the "Waterloo Cup. and Shaster, a white first-season bitch, who ran into the last fours in the Champion Puppy Stakes at Newmar ket (64 dogs), and won two courses in the last Waterloo Cup. Several valuable rams have also been brought out in the Kent. The Rainfall. — We subjoin a copy of the registry taken at the Shire Office, corrected up to date:— 1874\. 1875. 1876. 1877. 1876. 1878. January 0.59 ... 0.69 ... 1.44 .. 0.06 ... 0.00 O.OO February 0.77 ... 1.84 ... 0.64 .. 1.18 ... 3.23 0.23 llarch ... 3.20 ... 0.26 ... 1.99 ... 1.04 ... 3 .40 1.66 April ... 1.32 ... 2.57 ... 1.53 ... 1-12 .. 2.27 2.04 Hay ... 1.55 ... 2.60 ... 1.90 ... 3A2 . . 0.65 2 42 June ... 1.75 ... 3.29 ... 2.47 .. 1.62 ... 4.17 1.78 July ._ 1.90 .. 1.60 ... L29 .. 0.83 ... 1-68 — August... 2.49 ... 4-43 ... 2.66 -. L60 3 1 — Sep. ... 3.61 ... L72 ... 1.90 ... 1-.95 ..1.60 — October 2.24 ... L82 ... 2.63 .. 0.54 ... 0.00 — November 0.88 ... 4.18 ... 3.26 ... 0.6 1 ... 1.20 — December 2.26 ... 3.60 . L10 .. 0.92 ... 0.53 — Totals 2 52.5 28.60 22.80 15.39 — — 