Tug Council is fulfilling /the rdostihy. its leadors havo, with littio regard for its ultimate fate, ipnrohased for(it If the, instHutirm itself should, over fall a victim to tho evil counsels of its irreapon- siblo advisors, ita oxtinotion (wiU bo the work of those who.ossume to,bp,its.cham-| pions. We should regret to soe tlio bb camorol, principle, of Parliament elimin ated frbm our legiBlativq syatoin) and nothing, savo a conviction -the result of exporience, could roconcilo us to n-, ono- horso( Parliament. " -But if: fedncod to' tho necessity' j of , ohoosing betwooii tho ,M(erna)ives; of partiaineotary government,! as It Has bcoii, is at present/ and what it should bo, no choice would remain biifr.to. cut. ofT that bianch. of pur, .logialatiyo, in stitution to/thV'sbldMnfludnpo , of, '.which constitutional -'and'-good gbveriimerit has boon up to tlio presout time an imposBi- bility.inTasniania.riTq attempt to carry on tho government of/itho country while tlip Council remains acohBtituted:as,'ittiB, no sano person would venture to assort. Tho' impunity which' its unprecedented organi-j sation,aecUres tO)it, enables it to not only. miBcluovoU8ly) obstriictJvbutYto'/stop tho; whole machinery of legislation -and ad-- 'rainjstration; whonevor caprice/ footioh, or) personal considorations prompt its one, pry two movors!" Neither tho Executivo nor the Houso of Assembly can opposojtp its most revolutionary notion -any-legal' ;or constitutional rosistanco ; end no Ministry, liowovor constituted, Lhnlbss fiibrofy'sub'-- scrviont to its arbitrary will, and proparod ;to shape tlioir tncnsnros;toxsuit its proju-j diees aud solfishnoss, can over hopo'ito; rujo.' fqr jtiio.bonqftt and advantngo.of the pooplo ! at' at/ largo. /The;question then , we-.arOjiiqw, compelled to consider as ,tho| most <r:(, -important - of, , the; day.). is— la the Council to bs -Tpformcd or ox-j tingitishcd 1 1 .aHogother,K i for'M ono or. t.ho '/ othbr ; aUurnatiYp i iinust; box.nqwi acpojotqd ; and/. ;deal t j jvitji/ 1 Vfo. 'ndopt: the first, for 'wo boliovo it to bo quiet pos sible to prcBorvo, with groat advantage to, tho work of legislation and Govbrnmcnt ofi . two j houses'1 of! Parliainont."' A-lTnfgo' oxtention of ithe franchiso, amoiety of tho Council am'ennblo'to tho dissolving powor. of tho Hoyal prerogative, whonevor it, is found5 oxpediont to roliovo1 tho ' members of tho Assembly of Jhoir roprcsentativoi privileges and ' character/ and h' dotined1 'settlbraonl of tho rights of onch 'House to' deal, with money-bills,'; appear , to us, to! /constitute all : tlio changes required,' to confer ,oii tho; tC6uhcil' all' tiio: required ossdntinis of a useful and cbrrcctivo assist ant In tho.work of legislation. Such, aro tho'improvcVnonts wo slioiild' suggest, and' which wo.bolioyo.uiiist bo limdo, boforo a1 nopular 'bbliof in' the , possibility of an! TTppor Houso; being any. but' aT spurca'of confusion -and' bbstructiori, 'oah 'bb' ro-j established.,.,!,, r,( oJti J,: | It would , appear '.Incre-UblOjtp.xany ono! uot cohvcriiftnt witii'tho nibn 'and politics, that ( persons, entrusted, with . tlio carrying .put'! practically' th'o'.'iprinciplos ' of parlia- ontiiry ' governiriont :'could) bo , giiilty/ofj suqli "oxtrayagftnt offonces; against qti those, p rin ci pi cs/1 as( th e LelahveCuuhcil -of; thUooldnyy can bo Ccqyicled, .of j .HaviriE coinmUtdd,.SxhcQ Parliamehtre-assQiiiblod! on the 22nd' of April last/it has, among! minor . oiiti-constitutional outpages,' jun-' enviably ' 1 distiligipsliod its'olf , by , f somo1 phroly qriginalaote, and which aro oortainly! without!, proqedehts ,' or. psrallols in the1 history ,!of , any legislative ,body acting. ,irt peaceful times, and freo from nllunduo;6r abnormal iitiluonces. Among tlio grossest and most original was tho appointment of a Finance Committee , toi tost by tho oyi' doiicp bf fhia subordinates, tho accuracy of thou" figuro8, '/used 'by / the' Colonial Treasurer, ' wion< .J making . tJhU financial' stqtQUjont. %, briofj'stateinont of tlio facta' illustrating this jqvpUUidpqpy proceeding —to bo paralleled .bhlyhby/sqmo of;" the' lawless procodcliugsqf .tliqrLohg.jarlia-i mentor .tlioFrqnch Conyohtion— is/io-; ccssary, 'to' givo 'our roadera sombmea,of! .thjaattomptjto pyorridothe/ExeqbtiveJ and to' dofy and tramplo" upon' the As-| somblj-.q tMp, fLqiyis., the,, Treasurer, isi 'rqputcd/to/bo,uie bldost;ahd.mostfBub-( 'statitialt! ( jnqrcliantj'.bnUiis ai<lo/-p /tho island/ 'as k well as' a' gohtieraah of /the! highest personal, honor., and.', 'integrity. j His wof4 m his b6mtrIh dub tirae ho; makes his BugofcsbltoVoi/f/wJiioh is; placcdjin ,a 'j prinUd lorpi, lItUVMl itho, ;neMS8a: details';' and, figpres admirably. arranged.1'1' Before the staiomont is,,dis- pussed,, or, tho A ppropriatip.il . and .Taxing, Bills ronbh1 tho (.'ptmpjli ph.thp; motion of, ,Mr.;.nTho)nasjJ>ibl.nbapiq)/-ffr''j)p; initVeqf wqs / appointed) j to - 1 lpyestigqto the /, fin anoial , > position .aj \ of i tho , ( co-! lbny/' Tlie ehairmau ,.pf > thU.r bpm'mit-l too is Mr. F.„ M... Juries) who," like) tlio mover, was for many years Treasurer.! |5 trarigoj to savj whoa in;Oppositipn>a,few; years ago/Tnoso two fguardiaps" of tlio publicpui'soimitua))y appi|gq4panb priori of-- being! the . paueo. ,,of : , thp. upanoinlj 'mu'ddlb' wliioH' their worityyoars'm'ist agemorit' had' oveut'uritad'.in.!, /These wore, tho censors0 wh'ri'coristlhitcd thomseivcB: into a coinniittedt<T'tcstthe accuracy .of j Mr. Lqwis! figures.-, Without tho 'slightest; intimation 'to ' tlio Ministerial hoods oft departments - tfib subordinate officers, woro spmmpncd Jbofprof ii|js ' jrininaitjop, ( and ' exariiiriod "is tb: the haturo 1 arid extsrit 4 of > tho dataf they, "had /furniahqd for .tho private uso oi tho Treasurer, whon nak- . up' his budget 1 Even 'tho' barikirig , ao-1 count of tho'Troasurbr'w'8biqd;;into, . and all tho facts, .figures, drid/ data 'confi-; donlly fiirriislicd; foritiio' private iiiforma-| tiori of ' tho Treaanror,' !woro extracted' from his subordinate arid pnblislied; aqd, oommunted . upon, in" a formal report' presorited to 'arid'pririted by ordor of tho' Council ! a Arid 'all tho information thus indecently and unscrupulously extracted from the sbrva'rits' were unblushingly used1 by Messrs) Chapman and Innos'in dobnto, ' lyitTiout :a'sihglo mbmher of tlio Council' having the manlinoss, tlio good taste, or; 'spirit, ,to protest against sqch an outrage against oxooutlvo authority and tho ostab- vlished>laws .of honor 1 Tho ovidonoo (of servants. against their employers is always received with suspicion in our courts of law, and it is only in extromo cases it iB over resorted to. But what will, or c:ui, bo thought of persons occupying tlio posi tion of mpmbprs of .tjio Pppejr pouso of PArliamont coercing the subordinates of 'tho most substantial, honost, aud respeot- able man who evor oooupiod tho position of Treasurer in Tasmania, to reveal data, furnished by his order, for his own special usu».in tho hope thnt they would connect Mr.. Lewis with pructicos and manipula tions/of: Statistics ns'flnftrnntanddocoptiyu. as tliey wero thomaelyos for so many yetirs notorious. ''''/ , \: This case/ along with tho rosolutioup, condemnatory, of tho honorable Mosgrs Heiboy, CrowtHer,and O/Reilly's conduL. for having exercised tlioir right as citizens' to momorialiso tho Homo Secretary against tho practice of filling the torn-_ porary" vnbateU -' place of thoG6vornor-by ono of the Jucgos. will come on to 1)0 con- sidercdion Tuesday noxt; 'u'liori-it is fobd) hope'd the " imSporisiblbs" will bo fur- nishod with somo groiiuds for coucliiding tbat.neither- tho-Exeoutive Tior-TheAs- sombly ore preparod( to submit any longer to be insulted, frainplbdlrip6n, arid dobed by tho two distrutcd placo- huntors, whc have, just /made suoh -.a (bpld stroke to c'rush th'e'Miiiistry, arid to onco moro sent; themsolvca round tho public bread-baskot.j But whilo condemning in tlio strongest torms tho revolutionary and iudocont con-, iduct) to'iwliat wo havo just'lioori rbvobtirig, .WOiCannotlexouorftto Ministers from thoj remissness exhibited in permitting their, subordinates to npppnrbeforq the Council's Inqnisition%:Tlieyriro, bound to protect tho integrity of tho Exooutivo authority) at all hAZards, apd which has boon so audaciously invadod'rind riet at /Nought.,. Nflhnwtter how such an 'unlawful inquisition might . bri, disposed to push tho law, oguipst dis- 'oboyihg witnesses, ' oven Chapman aud Tririoaaro 'not' attempt to onforce their attondauce if thu Rxocutivo stood# upon their rights/ "and - bid ' (ho; inquisitors de- finnco. , 1 No government could bo carrfbd onju Itqught , to. boiif,iit8;sorvant8)were Imblo'to bo summonod at any timo by a ripmiuitteo of an irrcsponsiblo Oliamber ofTarlinmontto rovoal, information, con- jfitlontially sripplicd.io' its "Ex'ccu tiro1 mom- :berii Jt lis to bh lioped iiisWuct ions will -bo-given to tho subordinates suited to moot the emerg6noy.t hrtn i-jniudM . n , , i < .'I1 |,(( pt.,7.- 'P Lkoislativb -CouNCip, — Ycstonlay the Counoil sat'" for' jwo lioursi butvory. littio real kitsiriess'wos doiio;/'' Tho' S'cab'Bill was read a third time/and'' passed.1 '.The Premier moved that fch6 proposals'of thorA6serribly to -nccept- nine months' supplies lie accopted, butj pcndiog'an oxplqiVritinn of'Tho Govrn- : nicitt.aa to.wliat- tiiey, intended to do with 'regard to th'o'raising of'rovohiio, tho further consideration was postponed till Tuesday, as Was 'also tlio mes&ago; of tho Assembly on the Treasury Bills (£72,800). Tho Doubts Re moyal.) Bill iwasr, further considered in com mito) nriu ameiMcit/! 'Tlio' ! Supplementary Appropriation Bills wororoml q first timo, ; arid- (ordered. toibi rchdl'a' sccoudhtinie on Tuesday. .yTho- jroporttlofithol select co7q mittco on the finances of tho colony was adopted, and tho Houso adjourned at G o'clock until'4 o'clock noxt Tuesday. hZ JIousb of AssBMBLY.-p Tho Houso of 'Asscmblyflhacl - Ja 'short; 'sitting? yesterday. -Mr;-Honry riotificd'ln#'1 iittbritiori" 6f aklcirig for r tho. production ;qf anvr oorrospojulcnoo liitnveuu tho G o va rnor rind i. ariy. iiuimlibrs ! Af 'tho Exebitivo; Chlincil'rclattvd'to MrV'CHnp- man's vote/of cousuteriJrTMqsaiW.V'Roibey, (Meredith, tO,lteilley,d;riii"d'-,'Otowthqii,l'jyTho bills authorising tlio issue of debdritnrcs for thor purchaso -of :,the iMbrscy nnd'iDalornirio tramway,. and for tho (complotton of certain works under course of construction; i\vcrc rend a third .timo.. nndypasscd. qlt; was, an- nounedd that tho , )rMbut Vprq priotors . of the 'Mbrsoy arid Dcloraiiie trainwny'wore. willing to accept Government, .debentures, bearing five percent! interest aspaymorit for their pro perty. Tho Customs Duties Aot Amoiidinout 'Bill, providing fora repeal of'tlio'duty; upon imported sheep aurl cattlo, tivas read a secund .timo,) passed itliroughh- committee and ' the third rending mndo an ordcclof the, day > for .Tncsdaynext.j A messago. was rcceivedfrom .tho Upper Houso stating -tlmtj;tie (Council had agrccdwitlioutamcudinents to the;,Tqs matimn Councirof Education riiid. SchoIar- shipsBill, and also te tlio Cruelty to .Animals Act'Amendmcnt Bill; arid had madoamcrid- nients in tjho Scab, Act Amendment BiU!J,(-It was decided that tho lattbr ' should 'bcj'cori sldered on Tuesday nokt.rfS,ThoRntbs'C6llce- tion Bill was passed I through 'all1 Its"' staged. Tho romiuuing,>ordera of . tho i day/, 'and 4 the Treasures .motion to 1 notify) -to .the jMairi Lino Railway Company tho istcntion of the Government to acquire possession of . tho .whole;of:tlieir!undcrtakings.! I'At sixo'ciock tthqHoii8e adjourned: uritilfPricatlaycnext, lii RuLEsio'F Ded ATE.'-i-Orio 1'of ':tho' most ex traordiiinry objections wo evor hohrd'or read .of (Was niauc toDr. Crbwthcrwhilo closing the debate oh tho taxing bill.-j" You are introduc ing Vjow rimttor, " exclaims llessrs/jGhapman, _ImiQ8,.apd o.j.And, straimo tq saytliidjijbst unlioard'of objoctlon pi pariiairiontary, discus- sions was. upheld btlioPrcsid'ut J . jjfeho law' courts "the 'objection pVhyery,eomiridh ono, but novcr in tlio history'of parliariicntaiy debating whs'.'ever made oV hcar'd 'of/until made for tho purpose " 'of 1 pr6ychtiiigI;,Dr. Crowthcr exposing tho llngrantCdiypocrisy and incposistcucicsof Messra., Chapman and Innes. Wliatnst aiiyt''orid: think of our Upporj Chamber, owhen ,,tho . Prcmidrot the colony could bo howled down iuto silcuco hy such , a. pry . as), thil V, -There, could bo «ro debating ff 'suoli a auch'an oliieotldri as tliis is hold tobe valid, . How. could the Premier anticipate) what those, wlio fyllop'ed h jin .yorc about to say ? But'anythmg will pass in tiio Council, so that it Will silence Dr. Crowtlior ami llcoiico his assailants. Why Don't Tiiby" Resion ? — This is now tho question we.hou repontodat nil egmors of 'the streets halintcd'by the eavesdroppers, tqutcre, and hungry oxpcctants of Treasury swcots.L To MhsoliiIltliemIJwo iiavd'boen authorised to inform themrthat Minister?— as at 'pr6orit:,rcsolved— intend ghdrigtbo OppQstitlon q day qf April, 1880, or thoroabouts. .! ..'Intbrcolonial Mailh.— Wo jlmvoiibceh informed that ns tho s.s. JIangaha is timed to, reach Launceston before ;3, pan,, do-day ISatiirday)',' the mails will be forwarded hcre >y H'Si- tfiin(/q))(l n ;M.v?ryvp.,tl|o cttcra will Like place nt tqo Qcqeral Post- office nj or aboqt O.p, in, y . ' 's, TasMX'nux itifiik a.s.sociatiow.— -'rhc 9th coinjKitition for thu.Challengo Qup, will tako place at'tlie Govcrnmeflt'Butts to-ilay, .co'nimcnciug at 11.30 a.m. TIioj following is tlio order of firing : — 1st sqiiad, 11.30 a.m.,- AfQssrfl. praq.ilhlii!, fjuliriari/'nnd.y/est-l brpok f 2nd , suuad, ,,.12j3Qr p.m.,, , Messrs. ( Ffairi pton, Outlibcrt; Norinfm, arid Vcbb. j TAsunniNq with .A WrrNuau.--P|,om pre- j ccQifings that wove made publjo at the Pqlico! C'ourt .ycsterday-inorniug.. .It, appears that' tho"'ornhe of /jcmb'ra(ioiy " is' riot nlono'prac- \ tisccl in Melbourne,; for, an incident was re- Inted of a voiy 'fihgroritibrcabli of tlio law on : tho part of a man named_Richard Farmcr. ' 'awg'-fc ?'Mkh'i s Tqonipsou, and Cellars, fqcbavipg rol)bed a | yoiujg lpau named Muridy of £lq, aqd xyhilo L that 'Witness WAS in fcho bqx 'it was olioitcd ! that isluco( thoLca90iWA8:opQnod:elterte liadi been, made to cocrco him to forego tho prose- 1 cuttoii. He stated_tliat,on two occasions lie ! had boon spoken to by a man wlio! asked .him,. .if, lie ->vas ropnij ..apportion i of tlio money, -CQuld''rro 1 nb't bo ituluoedl to . abstain. from, u 7 further -proccediug : in tho matter, but ho lutded with a inaiiifcsta !tion of rural sagacity/ that -lio 'declined "the! offer, Whcri.tuq trial: U'a? :.'qafic(V(ONiiSiih? Inspcotor Dorsott askod that a. man wlio was in- tlio body of thd ' Gourtj 'iind 1 wlio, tit '-'was 'suspected;-) would attempt' to 1 irifluoiice" tho witnesses, might bo ordered to.loavc,e.&ud; tho reuiicsfc was acccdod to.. When tho mcfileiifc :-whlblj wo' ' 'bavoijiillpTjed ''wds depbaed to by tho witn ess/ ,!Mr;:ri'iirlo tori told | an attendant to.aqcompaiiy lMiiudyi,out.. uf; tho Court, to seo Mf ho' coiiM identify tl)e; man who had spokon-to-lum, and soon after wards he. returnod, the man,, who, had hpen previously-told to reriiovo'liiiiisolf,1- IjcliSg hlso brought in by the police. Ho was sworn to by Muudy as t tlio . porsoii,- and, gavo his 'nqmoJ as 4jRichhru I'Vnncr, "When -.??- ,tio Court again ho \vas . nr- rested 011 >h!- ichargeor Ithmpcriii-' aVj1;1i a witness, with intent to compound a felony, and was lodged in thqdockTUp,. j Ho will be brought up at tho Court" this iiioniing, , drjoiiuvU; v avar in new ZKALAxri.— It would ap pear as if war wore onco more imminont m . Nopv Zealand; \ A ,tqlograin, .just. to\ hand Juforms us that tho Goycrninonfc of \that. jeduntry 'are rapidly recruiting'' armed con- Istablos and making arnuigoments fora'strongg contingent of friendly natives. v It is csti- ! mated tliKt in tho event of an outbreak, of < hostditics/tHe' Goycrnnienfc'will bo.cnablcd to pmco threo thousand men in the field. Tho immediate ca(uso of tho apprehended _trqubIo.is,tlic. territory, in dispute.-..- . . The Orient Like.— Our correspondent iuformq -us, by telogram tlint tlio splendid itbamshipJ Acoricagoa,' of the ahovu'- cole-' bratud line, arrivou at Adelaide yesterday, .aftor.a magnificent .pasaago .of ,43 days, in- elliSit6f"neccssary'rtcteriti6ri' aF'St/ vln/ cent's and Capo Town; Hor English, mails aro ,13ldays ;lator thaii thosc lbyvtho ylast steamerbyihd Suez route) and her nowB of ''tlio'Zulu'war will be lobUcd forward to with voiygreatinteresf. a () jj r/ deprkhsiok , ,of, .Tit adk.t— Somo sad proofs of tho doptcssiori of trado wHicli gcneraUyi Exists- just now are to bd found 1 iri'oiir latost' tologrardrid lad vices,7 r'/i-Wo' yesterday chron icled .tlio.,atqppago) of f the Austrafiau and EuVdpohh'BariK j anil wo riow regtof having to record thri fi(et lliat rid lc&a;''tlian seven of the A.S.N. steamers are laid up — all wages .beiiigrodUoa'd 13!per!cbiit.V/r ( ! r.)T t. 77 "v'oitintber; xksri'kaltoy. yesterday cvoiiirigrthb'' practical 'cxaminatibn ''iii tlio fiold of captains and'snbnltorns of tho Rifiej Utbgiinont: ' took-': plnco i in- tho Barrack yard. Colonel Anderson, C.MKd ccotrimanding tlio Iforcoa jiiuVibtoria,)'and|Mr.'/ Williams,' Jiold- aldo. | pqd i travelling , iuatructor , ,of : jVictorian i forces, formed tho bqar(l,of ,oxriminor8;fip-| .pointed y His Excpllciicy tlio.", Govqriiqi;-iri- .Cqunoil. /'Tho.:.,Cbiri,maudahfcr! (Coloiicl ! .Sjb. Uill/, ' attended by Captairi 'Boudam) was present, in,command of tho forces. On; ri¥-l vaholbnel Anderebri rwaS recoivetV with, a . general' snltitd, 7af torM Which 7. thobattalioii I nmrdhcd'pastin'riuick1 aiid'double timo. 'Tho i (cajitiiins « -word > 'thon 1 severally : putt through searching tests, and as to tlioir! capability.iin (haridltiigi>.a batalliori,' puth of i Iwhioli ithoy — judging from the f rc qu oil t a qd ibl 6 .oxprcs- sions; of approval given yent, to by ;tho. board! —on mo with) flying colore. i Tho aubaltern j officers ,)yofc r theri,, singly siibjeot'ed /to/ an equally spvpro onlcnl as to, their efiicioricy hi "drlUiiigdinpany/ati'd'jney/ii is believed, tfor tlio most' part, 'well satisHacV tlio "require- incuts of tho oxaminors. At tho ponchisibn To!1 the 4 parade/; tho ibrittalHonr- being' formed tup .iiUonei of-thb barrack": rooms, ' Colonel Anderson most earnestly atul heartily con- fgratulatc'd \I tho ia regiment. J orimtho /.ox- .ceedinglyo Lspldior.-lioj; tappcaranco,d whioh ;iti presents, pu/thpj.jprccision . pf, ./execu tion arid .lbwlqrlgpof Jthq; soypral jinovo nipnts oriiiccd during, tlio .parade, aiul qii fche triigliiy "creditable 'manner iri"' \vluoli' tho othcors . rhad .passed.,. their -Gxaminiitibii. 'C/TonbPAiidcraoritiurtncr'cxprcsficd ' liis 'con- wiri:ibril|thftt'ovciy';man,'presbrit!cbuldSiotbrit fdelnjuatly "proud5 pfJtlio''c'fficfcncy of' tlio rcgimcnt-'tovhlch h'o1;bolmiRcd,'whieh 'cottld havo only beon attained-by.uufiagging perso- voranco oiiitho'partfof '.tho/racriibcrs of the bnttelion. qnd by untiring.onorgy find ability teh'tho' part of1 the' professional V,staffv' of officers tandiinstructbrs.'oJa i:inu(I uv.T — Tne Forkeaux Isi/Ands.— Wo understand that(as' airc8'nIt!of;!tUo corriisporidcncolXvhich wo alluded to a fow days ago tho Rev. Canon Brownrigg has placed tho mission- ketch Alico Maud at tho disposal of tho1 Iii- 'speefcor of Polico, !for thonurposo of k malting! a trip to theso islaiid l Tho„vessol will loavo j cLaunceston immediately, talcing officers 'of i police, who will boydeputod; to jiuquirc into! -tho circumstances of ari outrpge f ,which ' iB said tKhayo takori place on: ono of, tlio islands! recently,4 and also to acnuirb information re lative to the system of sly , grog-soiling. Tho! stop tnkoriV by tlio". !Gdvo'rnmoutL,is . in Itho right directioiri 'I/2:.! ,/ - New Town' Cricket' Cldb;— Aifcortln aid of tho'furids'of tliis club' was' Vgivcu last ovening in the Good" Tomplnrs', Hall, and , ;attraote(l'au oj;coedingIy numerous audience, thq:finoricss of tho night! and 'tKohigli-closs programino prepared/ serving to inducoa lbigoattcndanoo;!! TJioreVwas.a varied selec tion of vocal and instrumental music, arid rcqitatipus, arranged for the delectation of tho patrons, and tho pleasure and- satisfac- tiouitbat/waa! affordoanwasl uniriistakcablo. Tho ladies' who assistod wore Airs. Scott, arid Misses Hull, Mackny, Allwrlght, Hair- hroc, ,and / Messrs; .Robert' j Yoiing, G,(S. Mackay, W, J. Campbell, R, J/EIO, ,A.j. 'Chapman, 1 A." H,1' Hannaford, H,J Packer, Humphries, LlHnrbrbb, H. ICnight, and JJj rtW.1 !Ho well word thoir coadjutors. I'ho choicest iiuinbor— was " Gaily Chant tho . 8ummor-;birds, "t , as-roudcrcd Kby,iMiss 'Hulh pnd tlib favorite romance, jY Betray, inp iiot)h which .was sung bv. Mr. . Campboll as hi introduqtjoq | to mijBicnl firqlos, wasi a Very 'pleasing porf,)rinnrico.'''Tho vocal ability of Air. Ellis, is so.yvell, known .that it is quite unnocessanr'lbrriVsto say thnt liia rendering of ' 1 Break 1 BrcakJ Break 1" and tho " Hoarts of oak," were gems that wore highly appreciated and -Mr/ (Robert Xoung's ec centric ditties highly amused liis hearers, arid so'rvod tolincreisetfio favor-'in Wliioii ho is universally. held. A. tenor who is rapidly cbmiri'g' into -promincrit'l'iioticb/AlrV'lIiiiii- phries, sang "Only ' for' tlich'i'. ",Lofc(me hkoa soldior-fali uivory correctly,'1 'arid 'was laudlyh applamlod/ Two' glsiw '--wbro 1 linr- m0ni6uely>8ungiby theiMisscs/Maokay-'and and Messrs. Chapman and Hatuinforu, and the elpoutionary.;cfforts'wore uiulo'rtakon by Messrs. Mackny and Kuigiit, to tlio edifica tion of, tlioir, herqrsr j jTliOp.o.tlior items, wore all vbry woll porfbriried) apd tho acooiiipnii- meitis, riWjUcM: 'wrej- uudcrfcakon .by M«ss' Mackay and 'Air. 'Young1, 'wore of'tiio very .best, tho .yocnlista,.. Iwiug .ably assisted 'thereby. Tho 'Rev. A N.' Mason, the lire- sidpnt. of rtho.eteb, offeredj a few remarks during-'tho interval, expressing the'safciHrac. tion lolt qt tho Hijoflcsf) of tho oanoorb, ami tho hope that the ohto'rtainmonts of tho New Town Association of rtho,, coming .season would'hbias-Well'atlohill. ' h'-1 //OU.T Football. — Tho City .and Railway Clubs mcot this aftern66riuoii tho City Football Ground, at 2,30 p.m., with a tonrii of 20 oaoh, Tho City teaiu'wlll oonsist of W. A. Finlay (oapt.), K Lovott, .P. Tumor, T. Molloy. O. Pitflelll,.H;>;Pauij lABtitarfe.'R. Kirby,.! Ji .G.l LindWy/iJ; : S: /jWilsoiipi'II. Dawes, H, McLouglilinj'C'Goddarfl,/ son;, Mastortqu,7T..jRobertsoriV H. tNich'olIa)' >A. Chancellor, P. Butler h.' Maxqy/ Burridgb'; emergency, hGqrratti, .,;.CAhiIl/(:Goddard; JUH'V Horno. F. jfowitt.- ./Tlio .return niatoli betweeq- the/. Cricketers Fqotbfdl Asaociation i\hu NqV .Toiyh Fquthall Will bo 'played onMr.farsn'rigVriuiin, Now 1\. cQmiuenco atr 2.30 .p.m. shnrb, ''A ''bus fwill- IcavoWalch's corner for Mr. Marsh's at/ 2. o'clock. Tho fol- lowing aro tl/o /riarrica' - o f i- tlio teams : Now -Town — T.-G. Lovott, W. Lovott, H. Wright, rH;;I Wright, H, . Chapui'aV|. Qfid. M.ioMy (cnrWi|) f|. a-ito, |j. H»sl|0S,<8. Hughes, A. !'. >(orr)8s, ft. AV, l'ioreo, T, R'giioyiiiW.-Drowioll, AVt"ft»9r / ftmorgon- mi03"? , RQ0P0' U. Nairn, E. Piorco. Ilio Cricketers' Association aro -E. M, T N- M. , Prior, H) B. SiiritiuhpGhanmkii/F/ V,' "Smith, 1(. Q. Kirby, W. H. Stuart, Q. Ai Webslor, A. ilqore, L. McLcod, M. McLcou, \\\ Nnirii. Jimergciicics — E. Burgess, J, Swan, S. Thompson. Demi-en Yacht ,'.C(,dii.-4A mooting qf t ho Uorwont Yaolit Olul) waa l,qkt at tlio Birq-m-Hand Hotel last evening, for tlio nurpohcs of i nominating offioars, and revising the. rules. Before tho business commericed, Mr, Alexander McGregor's prizo of £10 was presented to Mr.tW, Lmdsay, proprietor of the Fqam, 'Mr. "Liudwy' nrloily returned tliankjl, and expressed" hjs gratification ?", i£rJ?S0V,a.. generous gift/ TIiq followmglqfiiqcrs Vvflre'"riomiriate(Ui— Com modore, Mr. J. Haylej vico«commodoro, Air, 11. b. Chapman j treasurer, Mr. J. G. lurnop jhon, aecrotaiy.Mr.W.-.hWatchorn; cpmnutteo, Messrs. G. Lovctt, H. Wright. J. i urner, W. J. Watchorn, J. Hayle, G. S. H1 W?" Cummiug, i lkviloy, /pud , ''."/fi'dsay. It was resolved that five com- ; niittco men should form a quorum, and that1 tho annual tnputiug of ,tho club should bo 1 hold ou Tlutrfidaji/ tho'-lOth "of July, Tho' proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks! to -the Chairnmn, I .OOlT'Jj.MZ:! tAUJl .<ia(?00 tijiUTO . Literary akd JIusical Entertainment. — Wo notice by an advertisement in another column that combined literary and musical entertainment fis 'to bo given at tho Lccturo Hall of Chalmers Church, Bathurst-strcct, comprising a lecture to bo givon by the Rev. R. McLaren, Webster, arid ; selections of iriu8io by lady and gentleman r.matoura. Thos chair will be taken, at 7.30 o'clock) by T. T., Watt, Esq, v" v > Inquest, — An inquiry into tho causo of the death of Charles FrancisXumsden/who'-Wiui' drowned on the previous day was held at tho Builders Arms Hotel, yesterday afternoon,, lbofore Mr. W.'Tarloton 'and - jury Y of seven/ The ovideuco of tho deceased's mother Isabella Luinsden, went to show that the- child was loft by horsolf for a fcw'minutcsih" the: garden, of their ' houso in Lansdowno' Crcscont, and; being. missed a; search was ah- stitutod when his body/was found fioating in' a duck pond close l>y. Attempts to rostoroj animation "'we'ro ' unsuccessful, and Dr.! Bonjaficld who attended : soon afterwards' pronounced life to be extinct. In the dcojiest: portion of the .poiul thoro was only 18 inches .of water/which was oloar,' Tho body of tho child was1 fcakolt . oufclof tho deopest part. Thoro was nothing to prevent liim gotting 'Iuto the pond, and lie and othcrehildrorikau often played iu its. vicinity. ;From the timo that ho was inisscd till his body was found about ton minutos might havo elapsed,1: 'Dr. Beitjafield deposed that, wlicn. lie "saw. .tho body it was quite (load) tho features placid, tho eyes dilated and a slight abrasion oil tho frontoftho nose, but the", appearances'! weroj not inconsistent. -with doatli by drowuing. 'i'he j ury returned ; a . vord ict that deceased met his doatli by being accidentally drowned, j/'r/.v i ,'i ( I Society foi( Prevkktion of Crublty to > Animars.'T1i6 thirty-first coiniitiitcd ineet ; iugwA8:hel(l at tho'socioty's1 ofilco' bri1 Wed .ncsday, afternoou. . T!ie\ miuutes of, (tho pro 'vious4 'meeting ' wcro rc'.wl' and .'confirmed. Tho secretary reported' -that) ;-'by ' tho kind consideration -of "tho Police Magistrate, tho surplus costs iucurred rc Hawkcs cascrhad Wtn'remilted ; also/ that- inreply'to'a com munication' froni Ijauribcstoif cohccrriirig the formation of a society.;, for';:" tlio prevention of cruelty to animals ".in that town, copies of tlio'rules'of.tlio, society with/specimens of its publications, together with the report of .tho/Rbyal SiP.G.A,,,.(and-»popies of its painphlots had'all boori forwarded from this office.' Tho.committeo exprcssedigrOat plea sure that Lauucoston should thus co-operate in tho work; < 1 Mrrjilitqhcll brought tmuer notice a complriinti "madb to liim concorning tho f cruel .maniier)in(vluqhIT8oino .poultry wero brought to'markbt last' week, nrid it' was resolved that the sacretrCry should .write to tho seller thereupon/ 1 sending 1 'copies' ' 'of h'tho amended Cmelty Aot;t aud.. ( cautioning ngainst -the jllitBago.d It 'wok : also'' reported that complaints had ' boon r inado1 of thd bar barous manuor in which dogs were sot to worry(cats In '.Uppbi? lEtizabotii-Btreet, but as polica attcntiouMmdi already been called to tlio cnicl practice, the coramittcq;resolyod to vait for fresh 'ovidonce./Tiie cpminitteo considered at length the1 host' plari 'of cirou- lating'-itiio . pamphlets .'.received .from: the Royal S. P.O. A;,- and after a careful examina tion of tho Various publications received it .wns.resolved thattho sniallor., sheets f . should bo distelbutod.bofqrojbpaimunl/mectiiig .iri (July, . and. thJ' morithly "numbers) 'of( . tli'a -Adim'til - World- should "bo 'given 'into the chqrge ,of itho . hohoraryi, treasurer, rMr. Ci E. Widcli, .from wlio'st .establishment, .they could- /be easily1 circulated1- amongst- 'those anxious. to holp on the causo. The meeting was .then '.adjouruoiFtill Wednesday, Juno dSpat fi p.m,i,: -u /' ' f- Is riifs Pieman a Failurk ?— 1 1 Pieman is a failure 1" at least that'(writcs'!our Launces ton correspondent) is the verdict of ,.30 ;Vic tbrian /.miitcrs who. doparted homeward bound by" last steamoii. . But I' think tlmt in this care' tlie jury' Jias givcri a iH'oina- ture verdict, without, hearing the evidenco of -tiiq .defencb. .'Wbiit did/.they do ? 'On hearing' the news of tho West Coast 'gold- fiold tlioy rttsbed oyori;from Yictoria. and .wentthrough ' to ' tho goldfleld, ' Tho ovor- land; -journey j settlod > somo/ and the : -trip through, the gale.. per.; steamer; finished off tho rcmairidor of , tho, robust oues ;' i -whilst .those -few who managed to survivo./worc tb rodd cl otli miners, who, fcrayelled: romul: with »/sx<JyV-.pIcIc "luTd . slibvol , oyer, their, sliouidors whtchiiig tho' workers, but, afraid ' to' injiirb thobrigntnessof, thoir weapbiis'by breaking up tlio Aground to try fdr thonvselves.V Bo- causo they could not manago 'to pick' lip. iui ounce a day. off tho: eurfaco ; without work) they li'dopartcd/ : cryingx'i All . is 'sbarrcri I" K over t mind, jtlibro' are 'a '> fow ; stout ' hearts leftjbohiud who: don't mind1 a bit 'ef: work. uud.Aqnfloqu.ciitly.-.dcservo.'tliol.fair. harvest thoy aro roapin, ? J m - J ,;i .7/ .:!<;! -?;Ij Upduf/UNTKO' GOLD- FR6m"1a ' Sluice;t!A miner named William Mitchell, apprehbiide'd by warrant; 1 -whs/brought' up"'- at- - the Laun- cesou-j P.olico .Gourfc on Thursday, says the Chronicle, charged by.oiio'.of his mates, iWnY. Dalzcll, of:,Li8lo digguigs, .witlii purloining a quantity of gold, and concealing ,ifc from his ,iu a lutnp_of clay. .. It appears that tun party consisted, of.„Mitchcll, Dalzcll, Edward ) Wells arid '.Toiln Sliolliday y:.;ahd hltteliell wasl dufruateAvwith cleaning ihe sluice box and washing out the gold, -on SatiU'ilay, 24th May, .wh'en ilio so'crotly. kcj)t bock and oouyealed a qimntity.;of gold-found .8 'Process, , it -appears, twos to .tako-, a, lump ,of i lay .when j waahing off, aud work the gold in tho" sluice intp.it,. then drop. it hesido liim, to'. be 'taken up yvliau.iils inates'.wcro' iiofat' liaiid; / Whcii tlicy (lis- bOTcrcjd Wlo 'fraud, 'his"mato8' gave' liim'iii Charge te'tiiQ 'constable' at 'Lisle; and hb'wns brought ''into i towri/' niid before Mr. Mrisbii; at the Police Court, on the 27th ult.'/.but'as nouo of his, mates lind coma iuto towii to givo eyidOnccTagainst bim lib wasRisbhaiged'.i . TASMAsiA'tfiwkr Triioa.iTho South A ut rcdht n 'Rfff inter < supplies 'the' 'following informatiou regarding forest reserves in tlio reuth; eastern portion , of .that , colony M- The'-resetvo lioar, Mount , Gambic'r, Svhioh comprises aliout L 250 ' adrcs of laud jrist boricath thofJMohrit/' wns 'established ' last yeart but ' the;-: trees : then 1 plautcd did : not brew//owingj.ib ' tho idreught;:- This'scasoh thoy /'have' -bocii planted more dahaely/'aiid witlioxrellont prospects. Thokindsprincipaly ustd are ;rasinaniqu:blueguin and South Auis traliaii red, blue, -and augjirguins. All tho which 270,000,arc this yeautq bo tranSpjaritcd iiito tliis reserve, "wore reared intho. .nursery which adjoins tho, rcsecv« Iu 'the' Mount Burr .'rcrervowlilcli' ls' hot" far -from MiUiQonfc, and ' .contairia ' abont 12,000 ftQres -t"an' experiment iu. planting .South/Anstralinn gum's jar to bp-tried', 'About 10,000 are to bo sot out this year. The land to tho reservo, fs too higli,lo. bo affected by tho'drainngo ' works riow-beirig - carriedLbut by tlio Government. Thp\Mqunt Mtiirhba'd Flat /RcBervo) i bn Itho icorifrary)-' 'iVHn' -tho centre of<tho dnpqqgo area, and about 50 acreq qqt fi4Q. firolto bo planted this year with Tnsmnnian bluegums." 7''RE£\Rk'ARLK REnVArVMREfiNoiIn the Rhondda Valley the other .night (says tlio Baily.I'ckf/mph J, ;the: Salvatiori 'Armyh'old all-night pvayev- iqceting, singing Wolsli hyiqn, prayn\g, and-preaching until morn- ii\g. A reformed Cheap Jack made a great imprcreiout.a.!! coqucilpf war "held, in the morning, Virile, at .thenight, meeting, young men., and woihbii tlirdw away their silver ornaments, pipes, ©to,, and tne women tore o/y thq ilouaoea froinj their dresses, renounc ing tliom ns idols. -Young men nishod to tho penitent's tablo, calling to God to bless thorn, andbubbftthom took, off his coat And tupkciVup his sleovosj , whiio the/rest of the audieribb; cmbraciiig and "shouting " Halle Ipjah " shook hands, aud. sang; and prayed by tiiriisr This wcnt 'on till daylicht; " lur.Uu ,i tour. . .i- , v/ - : -/fii MioUicr column fsiguora Fabris gracefully conveys hor thanks to those who recently assuted at and patronised liercoricert. /'HorT'Scho'tt iufonriH Iris pupils, that ho will bo 'outlbf..tbwii..uutU' next Thursday. '.The meeting In connexion with hm' opora ; is; 'conse quently postponed until his return.. . LTlio>Rov.'John Stbrio will deliver tlio fourth- of Iris series ef lectures on Spiritualism in St. Andrew's; Ghurch/itQ-wdrrow; oveniugr when the eubjeot will bo " Its Bpiritunl character : : InMUSt.thoHoly-Ghost./) ) ,->. ,lfI TJio'nionthly ovoiriiig meotirig of tiie Royal bqciuty of Tasmania will bo held on Monday, 