THE SALVATION ARMY. A looker-on thus describes in the Christian Hosanna Meeting at Birmingham :— Announcement was made that on the evening of Monday, June 30, a " Hosanna Meeting" would be held at 272Whitechapel-road, "to. rejoice over the triumphs of the fourteen years which have passed since the commencement of this work, aud to cele brate the formation of the one hundredth corps. Although personally known to Mr. Booth for some years, I had never been present at one of his meetings, but, in consequence of the prominence re cently given to the proceedings of the "Army," I was anxious to see and hear for myself how matters were conducted at "Head-quarters." On reaching the large building which was formerly the People's Market—and which subsequently passed from secular to religious use as the Christian Mission Hall, and is now variously known as the "People's Hall" and "Head-quarters"—I found that tea was over, and the room was being cleared—" for action," let us say, for the sake of preserving the military metaphor. Two or three groups were gathered in the vestibule singing hymns, each group having its own hymn and tune The effect must be slightly grating to anyone with a musical ear, which, however, I do not possess The seats are speedily rearranged, and the Hall speedily refills. The capacious gallery is also soon occupied. The gallery is rather flat and wide, go I express to a neighbour a fear that those in the back seats will not be able to see. "Never mind, they'll be able to hear; our people are not very quiet." Nor were they. My anxieties about the denizens of the gallery were quickly dispelled, for each succeeding speaker gave utterance to his or her words at the top of the voice, and must have made himself (or herself, as the case might be) heard in the farthest corner of the hall. An organization like this, which has its branches in various parts of England, which now numbers its 100 corps (or " corpses," as one too severely British soldier pronounced the plural word) and which carries on nearly one hundred thousand religious services in a twelvemonth, has passed from insignificance, and should command the attention of thoughtful religious men. Mr. Booth (the "General") who commenced the meeting, said he that night "expected the best and biggest blessing we have ever had." He prayed that all present might be baptised with the Holy Ghost, and that God would bless us "now." Loud and fervent "Amens" and "Hosannas" arose from different parts of the hall. The saying of " Amen" to each petition.uttered and to each thanksgiving rendered (1 Cor. xiv. 16) was a very literal matter with these "unlearned" folk. Mr. Booth addressed his hearers as " comrades and fellow-soldiers." He spoke of the origin of this work, which he traced to the time, fourteen years ago, when "with my Bible in my hand I stood on Mile-end Waste (a large piece of open ground along the great metropolitan thoroughfare) and felt within me a love for the wandering crowds for whom nobody seemed to care." He referred to those Christians who found fault with their methods of operation and modes of action, adding that the Army had just taken a large hall at Northampton, which was very much at the service of those who would show them better modes of procedure. Mr. Booth then named two or three speakers, whom he limited to two minutes each, and who were expected in that brief period to "tell how great things the Lord had done for them, and had had compassion on them." The gathering now took the shape of an "Experience Meeting," and one after another rose up to bear the same testimony, and "whereas once they were blind, now they could see." There were women, youths, and men from various parts of London, especially from the East-end, and there were deputations from Manchester, from Northampton, from Coventry, from Leicester, from Leamington, and from other places, all bearing witness to one central fact—that the knowledge of redemption and remission of sins had been brought to them by the efforts and the labours of this "Army." One after another spoke in the same strain. " I bless God that ever I met with the Salvation Army one lad adding by way of explanation, "those people who sing over the choruses to the hymns three or four times." Choruses were sung over a good many times on this particular evening, and singing formed an important part of the "operations" (we must adhere to the military role). It is not very easy for an unpractised speaker to compress the story of a life into two minutes of time; so directly a speaker became diffuse and wordy, he or she was stopped by the General—not by a word of command, but by his giving out one of those favourite and familiar choruses, which everybody there, except the writer, seemed to have by heart. The two-minutes monologue was somewhat abruptly drowned by thfe pouring forth from a thousand throats of the 'words of some loved refrain, led by the cornet and this fiddle. It was not surprising that before the singers had finished their chorus the speaker had generally sat down. Mrs. Booth spoke at some length, and amid much attention ; Miss iBooth and her brothers, "Captain" Booth and Mr. Bramwell Booth, were likewise listened to with deep interest. It seemed to the writer of .this sketch that all the speakers spoke emotionally, and that they had trusted to the meet- ing itself for their inspiration instead of coming with their subject carefully considered and thought out. To many persons, probably, this will be one of the attractions and excellencies of the present movement. The movement itself has increased, and is increasing, in volume and in importance. By those competent to judge it is said that Mr. Booth and his fellow-labourers (they number over 3,000) have succeeded in reaching the lapsed masses, whom other agencies have failed to touch many will rejoice in the success of the Salvation Army : although they coiild not, in its entirety, adopt the same modus operandi. It would be healthful and profitable for all who are interested in the salvation of men in this country to. attend some af the meetings of the Salvation Army: they may certainly gather valuable instruction and insight therefrom. They will see how men and women too flippantly spoken of as "past praying for" are reached and won; and it may, peradventure, be that those attending some of these meetings will catch something of the spirit that animates and breathes through the "hundred corps." 