'I HC nurclirtric of a iinniitiy of water-pipes by the Municipnl Council by private eontrucl., instdntl of by public tender, involves three im portant considerations. First, there is the loss of a certain amount of money; there is also mo rejmtliation 01 a vitiu principle, tne disregard of which opens the way to all sorts .of jobbery ; aud lasliy, tlie opinions of the citizens are treated with tlio utmost contempt, if not defiance. If the civic represen tatives can manage to inaugurate, or rather perpetuate, a system of municipal business ou the basis thus laid down, there will lie line times of " pickings " and phm- deringH. There may he nothing of tin's kind connected with tlio transaction recorded in our report of the meeting of tho Municipal Council yesterday, hut its perusal should have some interest for the ratepayers. Should they only regard it as an initiatory proceed ing, tiiey will he able to perceive how indefinitely the secuT system could he developed. Ill the e.-lse under consi deration, tlio arrangements appear to have been made and carried out in tho most simple manner. Tho necessary surround ings were' anything hut elaborate. There were a few smart men with " au eye to " business," which they kept wide open, and a number of confiding Aldermen, also with eyes and ears, which tliey kept conveniently closed or open, according to tlio requirements of the case. According to our report, tliey had ears to hear when tho statement was made thn£ there wns a special hurry for the pipes, and that they were to lie obtained forthwith provided .the linn winch had them was closed with immediately, and was not put to tho in conveniences ami delays incident to the form alities of drawing up a tender. Had the gentlemen who were negotiating the trans action ou behalf of tlie citizens been conducting business ou their own collective or individual account, they would have looked about them before tliey leaped into such a precipitated bargain. Any one of them- would have taken tlio precaution to enquire whether tlio reasons given for " striking a bargain" were hond-jidc. Ho would have found out, first of all, if there was Rueli an urgent necessity to purchase the pipes ; and, were lie satisfied 011 this point, lie would then have talcon care to ascertain whether the proper business courso ol calling for tenders should be departed from in order to secure what pipes were here. This would have led to such inquiries as would have discovered whether the vendors had them in slock, or if tliey would he obliged to send" to Hug- land for them. These are the precau tions which any member of the Council would hnve taken had lie been doing the business 011 his own account ; hut then there is a great difference between one man attend ing to his personal interests, and expending his capital to the best advantage, and a hotly of gentlemen looking after the affairs of the public nml squandering the funds intrusted to them. It is not known how mush tiifhioy has been thrown away through not calling for tenders for tho pipes, but the name of a firm was mentioned yesterday by Alder man Taylor, who would have supplied them for less than it has been arranged to pay for them. I11 cases of this kind details are alike useful and interesting, and it is therefore to bo regretted that Alderman Taylor did not push his enquiries a little further, so as to have ascertained what the exact loss to the ratepayers will be. Possibly lie is not so much in tlio confidence of Messrs. Mason Pros, as Alderman Green appears to he in that of Messrs. D. and \V\ Itohertson. It might -in deed be supposed that tho latter gentleman was a member of the firm, whose business affairs lie is so familiar with that lie can inform tho Council of tho contents of their tole- errnnhio communications with their no-cuts or partners in England. When it wns suggested by Alderman Taylor that the bargain with tho Messrs. Iioboi'tson should he rescinded if it had not been formally accepted, Alderman Green was ready with tho information that tho pipes had been tele graphed for. "Whether this very prompt, though 110 doubt businesslike, action 011 tho pnrt of tho vendors constitutes their accept ance of tlie offer made to them or not is, possibly material. Tlioy may hnve taken the precaution to clinch tlio bargain with the Council before ordering tlio pipes, nnd it may ho presumed, from tlio manlier in which the whole business has been conducted, that there is 110 flaw in their contract with regard to time, though, according to Alderman Taylor, it was represented that tlie pipes were required in a hurry, nnd thai there was 110 other way ol mooting the emergency than by closing with thu Messrs. Ilqbertson. No doubt tins feature ill the affair wns unfortunately over looked when tho transaction ennio to bo put 011 paper ; so that thoro will he plenty of tune to import the ' urgently requited" goods. Notwithstanding tlie niisuianco of Alderman Green that tlie pipes havo boon tendered for, it might ho worth whilo ascertaining -whether, the transaction lias been finally settled, .or il there is not still an opportunity to have the busi ness earned out in a way alike fair to the public and those traders in iron who would he disposed to compete if tenders were called for. The information concerning the telegram, and tho inference that everything is done ami done with may lie as unreliable, or lie as great a mistake, as that respecting the gijnt necessity existing' for the immediate 1 left very of the pipes: and lliaro wns the other blunder about them being in Sydney, .fudg ing from Alderman Taylor's remark, that, tlie Meqsrs. Itohertson " are just the people -' likely to telegraph," the presumption in that tliey are not the people likely to lie caught napping over their business. The smartest men make mistakes occasionally, and thin transaction was carried on so quietly and smoothly, until' Alderman Taylor disturbed tho even tenor of its way yesterday, tlint if is possible tlio contract may not be signed and sealed, in consequence of an im pression that thu final stages would be as agreeable as tho preliminary ones. Having gone as far as ho has done in thu matter, Alderman Taylor should go a little further, anil ascertSin how Ibcjontraetreallj- stands. There appears to 1)0 a disinclination on the part of the Council to. trouble much about it, for it will be "seen from our report Unit just as the discussion was becoming pointed and in teresting tlie .meeting closed abruptly. There is 110 more effectual way of getting rid of a disagreeable subject than the course adopted by Lady Macbeth when her husband's inter view with tlni Ghost of Ihinijuo became em barrassing. She cleared the company out ill tiie most unceremonious manner ; rtud tlie same tactics appear to Imve been resorted to ycstifrday in the Municipal Council chamber. It is not liksly, however, that tlie last has been heard of tho aftair, either in the Council or out of it. Alderman Mayfair expressed tlio opinion tiiat it would probably be talked of " out of doors," but so far as the Aldermen are concerned this does not matter much. L'ublie opinion .has little or 110 weight with them in their collective capacity, how ever much tliey may regard it when tliey are before the ratepayers ns individuals; soliciting their votes and pledging themselves to watch over tlie interests of the citizens, even to the neglect of their own. This transaction in pipes is 1111 example of how such promises arc redeemed. The return which we publish in another col Art ) 11 . showing the number oi voters on the rolls for the various electoral districts of New South Wales, demonstrates tlie necessity of a measure for equalising the representation ol tlio people in Parliament. It is unaccountable how- the unfairness lias been so long tolerated. In glancing down tlio list wo find that I'arrn- matta, with 12.1 1 electors, returns two members ; while the Bogan, with .SI. VI, only returns one. If wc take the former ns the proper standard of representation, the latter place is entitled to 110 less than H! members ; and if wo take tho latter as the standard, West Sydney, which has founnembers, isonlyenlitled to one. Again, Karelian lias one repre sentative for (! IS electors, wlrilc tiie Clarence has only one for finaJ . East Mncquario, 011 the other hand, has two members for 2111, and at the same time the Miirnimbiilgce has to be satisfied with one member for 5281. "With such disparity as this, we have no such thing as representative government. The majority in the House is by no means synonymous with n majority in tho country, and there is 110 guarantee that an appeal to the eonstitfucneies would reflect the will of the people. Take the following compari son : — The, I'.c.jgin (I) ... St 33 The Hawkcfibury Thv Clarence (I) ... 5551 I 'ISO TeiitCi'liehl (1) ... .'IHIlO The Xepenii (I) ... 1283 Newtown (I) ... -1 121 Lower Hunter (1) 7ir> i'.uhli ligtou (I) ... 51178 East Ifaitknul (1) SiiH ''In: Ijiiehhui (I) ... 5-IH5 Jlorpeth (I) 775 IjiTcrjionl Plains (I) 51811 Nim-llan (1) (118 The Hume (I) ... '11178 Thu Patterson (I) 52ii Baira'nahl (I) ... .525(1 \vind-p>r ( I) C2M Total for nine Total for nine members ... -17,552 members ... (I, ill!) Here wc find that, although the electors enumerated in tho lirst column outnumber those of the second by seven' to one, in tlie matter of representation tliey havo no advantage whatever. The (fill!! may, in tact, neutralise win legislative amuority ami political rights of the wholej-IT, 51(12 ! Surely it is only necessary to call attention to these nnomnlies in order to secure a remedy. An Amending Electoral Bill should bo one of the first measures introduced, for the proper re presentation of the people lies at tlio root of Parliamentary government. There are in all 175,325 electors on tho rolls. This would give one member, in a House of 72, for every 2-135 electors ; and if that wore taken as a basis of operations, it should bo a simple matter to frame a law that would abolish the glaring inequalities to which wo havo drawn attention. The Victorian Ministry will breathe more freely in consequence of the huge majority which was declared in favour of its Reform Bill lust night. From our telegraphic intelli gence it will be seen that the second rending was carried by -111 to 2!) votes, giving the Government a majority of twenty. This shows that out of a House which numbers eighty-six members, all told, seventy-eight were present, leaving seven, irrespective of the Speaker, unaccounted for. Considering the ad verse feeling to tlie Ministry which has recently been evinced, this is a greater victory than Mr. Berry and his colleagues probably antici pated. It is one which will possibly serve the purpose of establishing the position oftlie Government for tdie time, and enable it to tide over its difficulties and dangers until the end of the session. The bjll has certainly to pass tlie ordeals of going through com mittee and its third reading ; but with such a majority in its favour, it is not likely that any fatal objections will bo raised to it in its sub sequent stages through tlio Assembly. Its fate when it reaches the Legislative Council can lie safely predicted, for that Chamber can scarcely "be expected to agree to a measure which would practically wipe it out of legisla tive existence. AY ilh its rejection by the Council there will come once more "the " tug of war," but it will this time be between the country and tlie Council at a general election, .and tho fate of the colony will depend upon the result. Should the constituencies decide in favour of tlio Ministry, Mr. Berry will romain in power strengthened by the verdict of tho people to au extent which it will he impossible to gain say ; and hail as the past has booii, the future mny bo expected to be worse. Tho downward career of tlie colony, which lias been unin terrupted under tlio rule of the llerry Government, will receive an impetus tlio "evil effects of which it isimpossiblctnorcrcstimntc. What little confidence in tho colony remains with capitalists will bo " utterly abolished," unless with a renewal of power the Govern ment evinces a desire to take its hand away " from the throat of property." There is not much hope of such a change of policy ; and it is greatly to ho feared that, unless tho electors become alive to tho dangers of further sup porting Mr. Borry, there nrc worse days in store for the colony than " Black Wednes day" ol infamous memory. In (lie stiiniuarv of news by Hie steamer Cliim- boriizo, . published in another column, are two items requiring exjihmiilion. In tho lust of these it is stated Hint thu Uubtim;, recently m insurrec tion, have notified .their intention to rise again m consequence oT the adimnistraiivo reforms nnd tho abolition of slavery, promised by ftjiam at the time ot thou- submission, not having been earned out. News by tefcgraph cable, |>ublishcd yesterday morning, however, states tlmt m the mutter ot the abolition of slnvcry, bjiam lias yielded to Cuban dcninnds. The second item l-efoncd to is that which meiillons the communis of the London Press on Sir Garnet Wolscley's action utter the battle of-Ulundi. Tlie papers, it seems, condemned Sir Garnet's intention to send home a number of the troops, disagreed with his idea that the war was virtually at an end, and demanded the cap ture or absolute submission of G'ctewnyo. Our later intelligence shows that nil this lias been nc- coinplishod, the Zulu king being now a prisoner in Cape Town. Yesterday tlie Minister nf Works was wailed upon by Mr. JO. Combes,' O.M.O., accompanied by Mr. Jngorsotl and Mr. Thompson, of Kelso, as a deputation to jivesent lo liiin a memorial from the inhabitants, pointing out that the railway there had stojqied iqi tlio natural course of the Saltwater Creek to (he Mucquarie River. In consequence great- damage had been done to the town of Kelso, and the mischief had been aggravated by tho rocciiL" lloods. The Hon. .lolin Lackey promised tlie deputation Lliul tlie memorial should he re- . ferred lo tlie engineer for existing lilies for imme diate report, on receijit of which he would com municate to tlie deputation the result, of his con sideration of the subject without delay. The meeting of the City Council in committee yesterday |)roniised ut one time to become lively during the complaint being made by Alderman Taylor respecting tlie recent purchase by the Coun cil of a considerable quantity of iron wnlcr-pipes, without tlio formality of calling for tenders. The transient, excitement felt by the two contending aldermen was however allayed by the bajijiy thought of an alderman in moving the adjourn ment of the committee, otherwise it is quite pos sible Hint there woifld have been a scene — and that would have been regretnble in tlie absence of one of the aldermen for fi'itzroy Ward, who doubt less would have ably seconded his colleague. Thu iron water-jiijie question will probably crop up again. There liking some strange circumstances in con nection with tlie recent lira nt Monro's confec tioner's shop, George-street, which occurred ou Sunday night last, tiie city coroner has decided to hold an inquiry into its origin. An iuqHCst will accordingly bo held this morning at the Coroner's Colirt, liydc Park, commencing at 0 o'clock. In tlie summons division of the Water Police Court yesterday Jotiu Nieliolls, landlord of tlie notorious Lady Loftus Hotel, was jn'ocecded against by sub-inspector Anderson for two breaches of the Publicans Act, viz. — for selling liquor witlifit the prohibited hours, and also for jiermilting persons of loose character tq assemble in his licensed- house after 12 o'clock nt night, to both of which offences defendant guilty. This is tlio . second occasion iqion which defendant has ad mitted like breaches of tlie Act, and tlie ixmcli 1 fined Nieliolls upon.thc charges a total sum of £12, with tlie alternative of live weeks' imprisonment. : Louis Wien, of the Cafe Wicn, also pleaded guilty , to selling during prohibited hours, and was lined £2, or li days' imprisonment. Au iiimwttf watj Belli Rnfrirn flip, nit.v ffimnnr. n.t his court, Hyde Park, yesterday morning, touching tlie deatli of the young man, Michael Kenncaly, through an accident, the particulars of which were published yesterday. Tlie evidence bore out those purlicuhirs, deceased having been kicked by a telegraph messenger's horse, and knocked down under tlie i'eet of another horse ill a cart standing by, by which lie was also kicked. There was nothing to show that blame was attributable (o any person, and the jury returned a verdict of dcalli through injuries accidentally received. There is no doubt there is much in our great Kx- hibilion that calls for praise uud Hie loudest exjiressions of ajiprovul : but surely those who feel moved to admire might allow consideration for the comfort of others about them some sway, csjie- cially when it must ho known their indulgence in talking or laughing is unnoyiugly ill-timed and in opportune. .During tlie musical entertainments lately given at the Garden Palace, Myt only have auditors been annoyed toy the clang aud clamour of mechanics about the building performing neces sary work, but they have had to put uj> with inces sant chattering aud disturbances tiy people who, not having taste enough themselves to enjoy thu music; are determined no one else shall gratify their desire to do so. .Surely some means can lie adopted uto balk these senseless people of their object. A grand vocal and instrumental concert in aid of tin; library of the Wosleyan Sabbath school, I.ivcr|)Ool, was given on Tuesday night., 23rd instant, ill the presence of a large and appreciative audience, by the members of the William-street Wesleyau Church choir, under the direction of Mr. T. W. Craven, the organist of tlie Church. The first part of tlie programme comprised selections from tnydii'.s " Creation," in which Sirs. Craven and Sir. II. Neil acquitted themselves admirably in the duels " By Thee will: bliss," and " Graceful Consort," thu chorus being rendered by some 20 voices in a splendidly correct manner. In the second part miscellaneous selections were ren dered, consisting of songs, duets, aud part songs, ill which Mrs, Craven, Miss Wright, Messrs. Nell, and A. J. Pring sang remarkably well, mul laid to respond to very hearty encores. The part singing was unexcejitinnaliy good, and showed the careful training the ulioir litis received from Mr. Craven. The local valse, " Oil the ilowery month of June," was a perfect gem, and was well received. Miss Hymn was the solo piauistc, and played the Concerto iiqG. of Mendels sohn 'a magnificently, mul with all tlie light and shade of touch and tone in which this concerto abounds, perfectly electrifying tlie audience by her skill aud mmu|iu!aUoh, and at the close received an ovation nf applause. She gracefully complied with the eonijiliuient, and jilayed Ginrza's " Galop do t Salon. 1 lie second piece on tlie jirogramme, for Miss ifyam, was Chopin's " Polonaise," and was received by tlie. audience with a hurst of ajiplanse. Mr. Craven actinias accompanist, in his usual ex cellent manner, an (1 at the close N. G. Bull, J. P., proposed, mid Rev. Mr. Cuthberl. seconded a vote of thanks to tho choir and Miss Hymn, for the pleasant, entertainment they had given. Tlio parly returned to town by special train, and appeared to hnve thoroughly enjoyed themselves. A strange storv is just becoming known in Dublin. In themmals of the last I'euian insurrec tion stands prominently fgewurd the nnitie of a man named Naglc, an informer, by whose evi dence many ot the Fenians worn convicted. He had a jiension from Government, which was jiaid through the jioliee authorities, and, some time back, they were surprised at his not ajijiearing to receive tlie last hull'-ycai'ly payment. Very lately a mail was found dead under a railway arch near London, with his skull beaten in aud an iron bar lying beside him. No one knew him, and the coroner's jury returned a verdict of " wilful murder of an unknown person by some person or persons unknown." Tlie Dublin jioliee, after inquiring, have come, lo (lie conclusion tfiat it is Nagle who lias been mysteriously murdered. The noble charger ridden by Mr. George Rig- nold in Homy V. is now used as a sjieeimeu of tlie broken-down hack ttiat draws a cart in Ire land, and a>|>c:irs nightly at tlie Theatre Royal, Melbourne, in " Arrah-na-I'ogue." Tlio Etirranyuny Atym notices tho appearance of snakes in that locality thus early in the season. Yesterday morning tho marines belonging lo the French mcn-ofiwar in harbour, the Rliin aud Beau Temps Beaupres, were landed at Point Maequarie, and for about a coiqilu of boars put through the various drill exercises. Tliey numbered about 300, and under tlieeommmid of twoensigns jierformed the evolutions with great precision and neatness. Not withstanding that no public notice had been given or the parade, there wns a numerous crowd of sjiecialurs jjceseiit. If there had been a few policemen handy tlioy might hnve prevented some objectionable conduct on the jiart of one or two bellicose individuals, whose opinion s as to tlie merits of the men being deified were as valueless ns tticy wore objectionable nnd uncalled for. In connection with tlio recent fire in George- street, a letter lias been received from Mr. Charles Brown, superintendent of the Insurance C'oiujinny's Fire Brigade, travorsing in detail tlie statements contained in a letter from Mr, Kelly, supcrin- tcndciit. No. 3 V.F.B., published in yesterday's Daily Tehujraph. These gentlemen, it is evident, will "never agree upon fnets, eacli holding to his own statement ; and as each has had ample op portunity for putting his side of the ease before the public, a continuance of the controversy could disclose nothing new, or produce no public advan tage. Tiie mnt tor' must therefore lie taken as closed, so far as the columns of this paper are con- cerned, A social tea-meeting was held last evening nt the Bajitist Church, Bourkc-slrect, Woolliioinooloo, which was very well attended, and a warm interest ill tlie proceedings manifested. Tlio chair was occupied by tho Rev. A, Burdet, who explained tlio object of tlie meeting, which' wns of an entirely social character, nnd with the object of expressing sympathy with the congregation which is now left without a pastor ; tlie Rev, l'\ Hibbard hnving resigned witli n view of engaging in other work in connection with the Baptist Union in Hie colony. Mr. Stone, one of tlie deacons, read a report of tfio progress of tlio church for the jiast seven years, which was of a very encouraging character. The meeting was addressed by tlio Revs. 1'. H, Comford, It. Williamson, W. Taylor, D. Fenwick, (inil M. l'epper. Selections of luusia were rendered by tho choir during the proceedings, which were brought to n close, ns tlie lucoting had begun, witli the customary devotional exercises. Saturday next (to-morrow) will ho the first " shilling day ' nt the International Inhibition, as tlio prices for admission will then be Is for adults, and (id for children under 12 years ot age. As visitors on -tlint day will have an excellent concert provulod for tfieni, ns well as the varied altractiqns.of tlie Exhibition itself, Uicrc ought to boa very largo numborof tho public present. An interesting ceremony will take jilnce at Botany to- morrow, when the foumhition-stone of a new L'rcsbytenun Limreli will be laid by the Rev. Dr. Fullorton, at 3. 15 p.m. Tins will lie followed by a tea meoling in Coney's gardens at 5.30, after which addresses will be delivered by a number or gentlemen. At tho Control Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Crauo, P.M., and Messrs. PeqfaUl and Cat- l.-ighan, 10 inebrintcs were lined in sums varyiii" from os to 10s each, with tho usual alternative of imprisonment. A young boy for throwing stones was fined 5s, and cautioned against a repetition of the offence. A youth named John Ross, for steal ing :i pair of reins, the property of Frederick Salisbury, wns ordered to he detained until (i o'clock in the evening. Mary Haiiamaii, .and Thomas Dniiovun, supposed to be insane, were ordered to the Receiving House for medical treat ment. There were only two serious eases, in one of which James Nowlan, -charged with breaking into the dwelliiig-hoiisc of William Lee, and steal ing sonic blankets and sheets and 7s in silver, was committed for trial :il Hie ensuing Quarter Sessions'. In the other, Kd ward Smith wan charged with break ing into the dwelling of James I'.ell 'and stealing three pieces of tweed, of Hie value of £10, hi" property. Tho prisoner was also commit Led for trial for having in his possession housebreaking implements, skeleton keys, .Vc.. with intent to conf- mil a felony. About 7.30 yesterday evening a woman named Small Ann Rogers, likely living at 132 Clarence- street, went to tlie Central Police Station anil asked to be locked tip for protection. It was noticed tlmt her feet were greatly swollen, and it was deemed best to send her to tlie Infirmary. Constable Tinloy took tier to tlint institution, mid she was admitted. She bad been discharged from there within the past fortnight. Tlie following casualties were attended to at the Infirmary during yesterday mid hist, night. : — James Macdoniiell. 35, suffering from a crushed finger oc casioned by the fall of a stone ill a quarry ; Daniel Macnamara, from poisoned wound of his foot cause unknown ; JL Kennedy, from injure to wrist caused by a blow from her husband ami Harry Ray, from a cat in his bead caused by a blow. 