ffotesi .mttw Week. In r— ?!;..... ,r..j buBmess, considerable pro grjes has been made tine week, ana ban. nndm are evidently getting mil into hnta. Several bills have been advanced a ul»^ or two, and bid fairtopass without much alteration, as «hey bear evident marks of careful preparation and are framed judiciously to a.^ tiTobject. cootempliei The Kstimates-in-Chief for the second half of the current financial year, together with the year's Supplementary Estimates, and also the ,?1 1»— iy Appropriation Bill, have been naased. The way a now dear for the consideration of the fiiiancial proposals for the coming year, and it is understood that the Treasurer will make bis Financial Statement ' next Tuesday, when we may expect t» receive | valuable information regarding the financial ' condition of the colony and the ways and means proposed for the immediate future. The »ra~«»« for 1879-60 are also promised . next week. j The defeat of Mr. Pring in the election for I Fortitude Valley will doubtless giro the Go- | verament come temporary inconvenience, ' '-—-?'? as some other arrangement j will have to be made for the Attor ney-Generalship ; but any attempt by the Opposition to make lids a serious cause of embarrassment to the Government wonU only i recoil npon themselves, and further weaken their position as a party. The Valley is one , of the chief stronghold, of the Opposition, l and tbe mere fact that they have woo a { victory there at a time when the sweeping i retrenchments which tbe Government have I very properly deemed essential to the beat interests of the colony have rouse* in some sections of the community a better fed ing towards the Government, it is not aurprising that tbe Ministerial candidate has been debated. Tbe Government has loot, and the Opposition sained, a supporter; but no farther change in tile relative state V* forties has been effected, and even tins will probably be altered back again by thaiaew election which is expected to take place for Darling Downs, on the petition of Mr. Graham. i** The motion bronght forward by Mr. Bailey to unseat Mr. Beer, on the alleged ground that his seat has become ledK vacant by his acceptance of an office of'pVfit in acting as Crown Prosecutor, has been folly dis cussed, and although the leader of the Opposition rallied his followers by declaring that the seat had undoubtedly beoome vacant the motion was negatived on division by 96 to 17. ^^ Tax attempt made by the leader of the Opposition last week to show that the Govern roeoft wbtp bound, in aMMVr*^****^^ with |ttrlitt- luciitmjj' praCLim m toe ?BdtiKr coantryt to produce all correspondence relating to the dismissals from the railway workshops ended in signal faanre. and the quotation from Todd, npon which Mr. Griffith mainly relied, is rather ? justification of the action of the Government than a proof that they are adopting » wrong ' Whenever it asdeehued,' aajs «w anUHiutj referred to, 'by the leapoanUe servants of the Crown, that any imformation sought far in Parliament eouM sot be amppned withoot dmu^ or inmnaienee to the pubue service. the Hooae refrains from insisting upon its prodmctioo; and if tt» Government object to produce any documents, on the ground tirst they are of a private and confidential des cription, ft is not usual to insist upon them- being taunted except unoer peculiar and imperative chOTstalces.' MMsters dedarof that its production would be incon venient to the pubhx service, as it would only expose heads of departments who had reeom awnsMdJamaandstotliefflwill— aid, perhaps. might have^STcllect^rf1 deterring those aad other officials afamlarly drcMnstanced tram advising the Manaterial bead of the depurt ment honestly and with a simple regard to the iBBaMiMieatsgftheaerrieeTTt BDot nsual, even in mattes relating to Government, to fad! ?' were it otherwise, it woald be im possible,'' says Tadd, 'to carry on the Government with safety and honour.' The annual show of any of our agricultural societies is an important event in many respects, and the Gracemere Show on Monday last proved ttiaat grat iiittTBit wws nraoinEMgg in the exhibition by a large number of «*-- nans. Stffl the observer could not resist the iampression that there was a want somewhere, and we here particularly refer to the exlnsi tioo of livestock. Judging from what be saw there, a stranger would form a very poor estimate of 1tue pastoral resources of the district, and one which would he altogether erroneous ; and at the forthcoming Pastoral Society's Show we trust that the live stack eec of the exh^'as'1thTlate Show was eon spicoom for their absence. The fact observ able at Graeemere mast revive in tbe minds of many persons the question whether it would be advisaMe to amalgamate the two societies, and we think a decided improvement would, be guinea by so aoifig. It ~ras gravufying iF scidioDS w&'e ?rerv a^BastsUily cc pi'iMcrtea, pa the half -yearly show of the Rtzroy Sot ety wouia give f ' ^'' opporcsiiiiy tor agneui turists to make a good display of their various products. The two societies, united, could bring tosether exhibitions which would thoroughly represent every industry, and srej yet hope they will see their way clear to fBe*j£ what we cannot bat regard Jts a desimpr object. ' K' NoTwrTHBTiKlXKn the celebrated bye-law against the goats, these animals are still as numerous aad impudent as ever, and Alder man Capom, findiaf that the paper pellet which has been ahaf/at them has failed in its eftBct, blames the' Inspector of Nuisances. The latter asks the Council to permit him to shoot the goats with a revolver, but it to not likely the permission will be granted. This pun has been tried before in some of the Australian towns when passing through a similar stage of ofanicipal progress to our own. In Sydney, for instance, men were employed to drive the animals to the suburbs, where they were shot, or rather shot at, tbe oonsequfwe being that (he injured caprkorjia, on breakins away from their mwtbwiw, te tumed to tbe city and exhibited their gaping and bleeding wounds to the gaze of the citizens. Of canne this was too mueh for the tender senea-1ities of the citizens, and the plan was abandoned. Oar aldermen most exercise natjenw, and not suppose that die superfluous goats are to be got rid of so easily. Alderman Capom may he a Solon on this particular subject, but he is opposed in his meritorious endeavours by the preliminary difficulty which so frequently rendered abor tive all subsequent attempts to cook the hare. In order to destroy the goats they nut first be caught, and this is sot at all an easy thing to do. ? The Metropolitan Antumn Bace Meeting took place on Saturday and Monday last. The ««»»J—— was poor on the opening day, but aliguUy improved on the Monday. However, the racing was good, and all the principal prizes were fortunately carried off by Queensland horses; the largest amounts gain? to Messrs. Bell, Fnmie. and Seymour. The Brisbane Cup was won by Mr. Fmnie's Svdney, who defeated The Dean by a neck ; Strathearn third. In the Moreton Handicap LiDascored a victory, beating The Dean and Sydney. ? The moat interesting local event during tbe week was the Ftoroy Bowing dnb Annaal Begatta, which took place on Monday bat. Everything west off in first style; the weatherwas bemnttfoDy fine, and the sports were earned out to the entire aatisfaetion of the townspeople, who congregated m Isc^e racing. Too much ptne enanat he crien to the Committee and officiate (or the ?dmirsHe manner in which they nttHed their rather PEOCXEDOM6 at the Police Court eom tw» inebriates in honour of the Queens Bsth day. On Monday the Coot ana dosed far the holiday, and the Mowing morning two odiridsals who had bees enjoying them selves, were asked to .MHtiibufa- five afcffliagB each. Mia. Lynssa was Coed Che liliiml sum of oneshnWasd costs far uhafamUug the Inspector of ITiiamneel m the execstioB of hkdssy. The defendant pleaded gaflty to the charge, and the coasplaimmt, not wiahmg to press it, but merely desiring the ease to gain publicity, the emaS fine mentioned waslhmiexed. On Wednesday three charges — draakeamesa, aauag sbasaae Isagsiffr. sad Harris, resulted in bis being fined twenty ASw^^ aad receiving a ?? iih m ? of {ear months ismprisMRaent. The Mowmg day a wife beater named WOna Kay was sea* to gaol for six months. T»r weather daring the week task another turn far rain, but there baa been jaateasneb to make tbe etHjUij swppy aad one or two days disagreeably coH. The sky has again cleared, and feasts say soon be expected. The temperature on Thursday was 73 degrees aa the sun. The shade amximam was 6* degrees, sad the minimum SO; whfle at night the minimum was 47-fignres which show nice bracing autlm1, but still rcuduinfe warm .dotting desirable. The rainfall seems to have been pretty general over the colony, though the quantity was not great. Oerment ? baa had the largest ahare, nearly two inches, Hebe following aext with 1-71, the ether stations BeyarUng as fskw :— St. lawrence, I«D; Banana, I-S7; Mat&orough;, 1-51; Eavenewood. 1«; Macfcay, 113; West wood, 1-09; Bastard Head, I «6 ; Gladstone, ««; Gflbertoo. 0«; Nsrmantoa. 0-75; Bhnmsbury, «K4 ; Krisbaae, «r72 : Kisaberley, 0-49; dwttown, 0«; Bowen, 0-31: Bock hampton. 0-22 ; Junction Creek. 0-23 ; Keppd Bay, 0-20 ; aad Creen Creek, 01 1 . / Ik the shape of fteatricsl amusemente the town is tikefy to be well supplied for some time to come. At the Theatre three dramas have been represented—' Lest in London,' j 'Across the Continent '-the latter piece1 occupymg the boards for four nights, and I 'East Lynne'— in which Miss Stepbeoson I appears to great advantage. To- night a doable tjull is announced, including tbe Dark Deed in the Wood and musical Melauee. At the School of Arts Carltou's Ghost Company will shortly eive a series of spectral enter tainments which have been favourably re ceived elsewhere. Tbe Oddfellows' Club are engaged in rehearsal for then- next perfor mance, and the amateur talent of the town intend to era a concert next month in aid of the Church Boflding fund. Tax cable news of the week shows that the loodon-Colonbal wool asks, though ootestsb lishiug satisfactory prices, are going on better than was expected, and the series will in all probability realise an average eliphUy over that of March, whilst a larger quantity apffl be eald and comparatively few withdrawals be found necessary. VTe may therefore hope that the market will be relieved of old stocks and thus prepare tix way for a further recovery in prices at tbe next sales. The satisfactory termination of the Afghan campaign win enable tbe Imperial Govern ment to concentrate its energies upon die pro aecutionefthe war at the Cape, and as an indication that measures adequate % the gravity of the situation are about ts be adopted, we notice that Sir Battle Frere and Lord CheW ord are to be recalled, and Sr Garset Wolseley goes oat invested with supreme military and civil command over Natal and Transvaal, and the districts ad ja cent to those colameB, aa well aa at the seat You may talk about the 'lean and hungry Cassms,' but did yon tn take a side view of the man who has ran a store for ten yeans without advertising ! 