TOWN. TALK. The mail steamer arrived at the Heads at S.30 p.m., hut up to a late hour this morn our English and foreign files: had not come to hand. Renter's telegram to-day announces the capture of the capital town of the Ghilzae tribe in Afghanistan, the place wo referred to in Tuesday's article as that which General Primrose would have to pass through in ad vancing upon Ghuzuee from Candahar, and where the hostile natives were supposed to be in force. A supplement to the Government Gazette proclaims a bank and public holiday at Gee long from 12 noon to-day, and at Horsham on Wednesday next,»5th February. By fits and starts the Political Reform Association has, during the past eight months, endeavored to show the public that it has vitality by the holding of local meet ings. As a rule, each meeting, supposed to be a public one, has been attended only by office-bearers, and a very sorry figure they have cut. Their speeches, like the tunes ground out of a blind man's organ, have always been of the same monotonous cha racter, and lately the ranks of even the office bearers attending such gatherings have thinned down, and the Secretary of the asso ciation, Mr W. H. Carpenter, has scarcely' been able to secure the requisite number of speakers to afford the usual amount of word-stringing in order to prolong the meeting to a decent length. Last night, however,'there was a little change in the programme, but it was not for the better; and from the languid sympathy, exhibited for the movement, death from sheer inani tion may be hourly anticipated. It was announced that a public meeting would be held in South Geelong for the purpose of forming a branch of the Association there. About seventy persons attended, fully fifty being opposed to the objects of the Asso ciation, and the President himself failed to put in an appearance. By some mysterious arrangement not explained to the meeting Mr Thomas Price occupied the chair, and the meeting was floated. Two speakers, Messrs Mitchell (who had apparently re covered from dryness in the throat, notice able at Geelong West on Monday) and M'Farlane, harassed the meeting with frothy comments on the doings of the Ministry and the benefits of the great Magcr Charter (as Mr M'Farlane per sisted in designating the great charter of British liberties), until the audience became— first impatient, and then excited. Mr Gar ratt then, in an election feeler, endeavored to soften down the rising wrath. The Conservatives, however, saw that it was a lost canse, and they flatly refused to submit any resolution to the meeting. Those re presenting the liberal side of politics then came to the front, and proposed a resolu tion, to the effect that a branch of the asso ciation was not required in South Geelong; but this the Chairman refused to-put to the meeting. The mover of it was about to per form the functions of chairman, when a lively scene ensued, Mr Hoare challenging anyone to attempt it. There was a forward movement to the Chairman's table, when the Chairman suddenly declared the meeting closed, and, amid cojifusion, the lights were extinguished, and the majority present found their way to the street door of the State school with the flickering aid of lighted matches. ' It is rather questionable whether the pro posed alteration in the communication be tween Melbourne and Adelaide by overland mail will prove so advantageous as it is stated. It is true that it will be twelve hours later when the mails are despatched from Melbourne, and in that respect will accommodate a few people in the metropolis who write letters in the morning instead of the afternoon. There are other persons, however, to be consulted—for instance, the coaehe3 from Hamilton to Penola will pass through Coleraine and Casterton at night time instead of daytime, as at present; and the mails to these places, as well as to Harrow, Merino, Digby, and other localities, will be detained until the day following their arrival at Coleraine and Casterton. The matter deserves to be looked at in another aspect. The mails despatched from Melbourne on the Monday will have re mained in the Melbourne Post-office from the previous Saturday night, whilst under the present system the mails despatched from Melbourne on Saturday night are at Penola on Sunday night, and consequently are sent from Penola to Adelaide on the Monday morning. The postal facilities between Melbourne and Adelaide deserve further consideration before the proposed step is taken. An occurrence showing the inflammability of all wooden buildings in hot weather hap pened yesterday afternoon at the gate keeper's cottage at the railway crossing adjacent to the Meredith Station. A Mr Dean was passing the cottage, when the steps leading to the door were seen by him to be on fire. Prompt action was taken with buckets of water, and the flames were Bpeedily subdued. The steps were made of hard, solid wood—being sleepers out into lengths—and they must have been ignited by a spark from the engine, an accident which could not possibly have happened if the wood had not been so thoroughly heated by the scorching rays of the sun. Some little amusement was caused yester day at the monthly meeting of the Meredith Shire Council over the appointment of a Dog Inspector. The shoemaker of the township lodged an application for the appointment, but, omitting to mention what salary he re quired, he was sent for and asked if he would accept 50 per cent, on all taxes col lected by him over £30. The knight of the order of St. Crispin shook his head, and said 'He didn't think he conld." "Oh, you can't," said the Shire Secretary; " well, per haps, you had better stick to yonr last and leave the dogs alone." The shoemaker, with a grin, in which the Councillors joined, said he. thought he would take the advice proffered him, and ho went for his last forth with. The value of a pannikinfal of cold water can only be properly appreciated in weather similar to that of yesterday. This fact was evidently recognised by the stationmaster at Meredith, for when the train from Ballarat passed through that station a large can of water was brought out. This official, who has evidently a little more consideration than is generally shown by railway officials, dealt out pannikinful after pannikinful of water to the thirsty occupants of a second-class car riage, disregarding the ironical remarks of some, who wanted the train to start, to "bring out the bread and cheese," to " lend them his pnggery," or to " give them his tobacco-pouch," and other benevolences which would testify to his affection for his fellow-man. And when the train was moving off the good Samaritan could be seen running along the platform, pannikin in hand, in order that some perspiration-stained, thirsty youngster might not lose the refreshment of a glass of cold water by the way. The heat yesterday was at times almost unbearable. Until two o'clock in the after noon a westerly wind blew with consider able force, and, strange to say, it was as hot as the hottest northerly wind we have ex perienced this summer. At 11 a.m. the glass registered 117 in the sun and 92 in the shade ; at noon it was 120 in the sun and 96 in the shade ; and at 1 p.m. the glass re gistered 120 degs. in the sun and 99 in the Bbade. After 2 o'clock a cool southerly wind blew, and this tempered the heat of the sun to a very great extent. We observe by our exchanges that in nearly all parts of the colony on Tuesday the hot rays of the snn were sickening. Pedestrians will be interested in learning that arrangements are nearly completed for a'series of races between Messrs _ ran Hewitt and C. Dean, the latter having re cently beaten Allsopp, the champion athlete in the Sandhurst district The stakes to be ran for are £100 a-side, and the dis tances as follows: — SOyds., y s-j 120yds., 130yds., and 50yds., the best three distances out of the five to prove ■the winner. The contest will take p ace some time in March next in Melbourne, is pretty certain that Hewitt will avc o be in his best form, as Allsopp, who is recog nised as a very fleet athlete, was beaten easily by Dean. At tbe pedestrian contest in Sandhurst Allsopp was backed for £1000 by Mr Alfred Josephs, the well-known book maker, of that city. . . . One of the dealers in dairy produce suf fered a Berious loss yesterdayjn bringing the products of the country dairies to Oeelong, owing to the intense heat. As usual, the butter was packed in boxes and placed in a covered wagon; but' during the journey from country to town the butter became liquid, and ran out of the boxes and the conveyance like water. The load was many .pounds lighter on arrival in town than when '■.a start was made for Geelong. S; At the Melbourne Observatory yesterday, ['the glass registered 106dcg. in the shade. Everywhere along the coast yesterday, ex cept at Port Phillip, Heads, the barometer was falling. A very nnnsual conrse was adopted at the Court-house yesterday on the hearing of a small debt case. Mr P. R. Dees, the soli citor, was sned by Mr Joseph Kerley, the carter, for the sum of £1 for the cartage of goods. The debt was not denied, but Mr Lees explained that before the summons was issued he saw Mr Iveiley's collector, leaving his office door, and when Mr Lees went in side to write out a cheque for the amount claimed the collector went up the street, promising to return again. The collector failed to carry out his promise, and next day a summons was issued. On Tuesday Mr Lees wanted to settle the matter by giving Mr Kerley £1 and the costs of the summons, 53, but this was refused, and the case came before the magistrates yester day, when a solicitor was employed by the complainant. A legal fight took place over the costs, and to the astonishment of the solicitors, and everyone in court, the Bench awarded Mr Kerley 15s costs for the re covery of a debt of 20s. Mr Lees mentioned that in all his Police Court experience lie never recollected costs to that amount being awarded when the debt was under £5. , A young man, whose name conld not be ascertained, slipped and fell on the flag stones in front of Mr Henry Franks' shop, in Moorabool-street, yesterday forenoon. One of the young fellow's ankles was dislocated. It is believed that the unfortunate pedes trian trod upon the peel of some fruit, and, slipping, lost his footing. A summons for a debt was to have been beard at the Police Court yesterday. The complainant, along with his solicitor, at tended, but the defendant failed to appear. It was explained by the police that they had been unable to serve the summons. " What, not served the summons?" enquired the police magistrate. "No, your worship," exclaimed Sergeant Morton, " the defendant lives in the Strathbogie Banges." Mr Heron smiled, said it wa3 an undesirable place for the police to venturo into, and extended the date of the summons. It did not transpire that the defendant was in any way related to the Kelly family. A week or two since a man named Charles Trembath, a miner from Walhalla direction, attempted to drown himself in Corio Bay. Since the occurrence he has been under medical examination, and yesterday it was decided by the magistrates at the Court House to send Trembath to the Kew Lunatic Asylum. Our Colac correspondent writes:—The Closed Loads Commission sat here to-day (Wednesday), when evidence was givenby the Messrs .Robertson that they had offered no impediment to the free use of the roads on their estate. The officers and members of the Council were examined, and they gene rally favored the adoption of swing gates, and the road lands being rented to the pre sent occupiers. Two boys named Thomas Curtain and Michael Moore were sentenced at the Police Court yesterday to forty-eight hours' im prisonment for having set fire to the bush at Kensington on Sunday last. On Sunday forenoon a wood-carter, known as "Old Sammy," at South Geelong, fell into the Barwon river, and there was every probability of his drowning, when a son of Mr M'Farlane's, observing the old man straggling near the bank of the stream, jumped into the water and rescued him. His Excellency the Governor, accom panied by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Messrs W. Collard Smith and J. Woods, will pro-' ceed on Tuesday next to Lai Lai, where they will inspect the iron mines and smelting works. They will then go on to Stawell, where they will stay until Wednesday, on which day the party will go to Horsham, in order to take part in the demonstrations connected with the opening of the railway. They will stay at Horsham all night, return ing to town nest morning. The wonder of St" Leon's Circus, Hadj Bamo, the Arabian athlete, who performs some startling mrial movements, was the de fendant in a case heard at the Police Court yesterday. He had, according to the opinion of the police magistrate, brutally beaten a boy named George Clarke, aged 13 years, because the juvenile, being stiff through unusually heavy exercise on Mon day night, could not in practice on Tuesday satisfactorily "do" the "bending back business." It appeared tbat the boy failed in practice, and Hadj Hamo cnt him several times on the chest and legs with a whip, which caused blood to flow freely. As Hamo and his pupil did not appear to be on the best of terms, it was agreed to postpone dealing with the case until Friday, as the Arabian promised to send the boy home to his parents in Maitland, New South Wales, to- day. Should Hamo do this, the Bench intend cancelling the agreement apprentic ing Clarke to the acrobatic business in the circus. We may add that the proprietors of the circus, to mark their dissatisfaction with Hadj ^ Hamo's conduct, have given him notice to dispense with his services. The Chinese question was considered by the Cabinet on Tuesday, and it was deter mined to give their full support to any action j that might he taken by the New South-j Wales and Queensland Governments' for re gulating Chinese immigration. An accident happened on Tuesday to "a man named James Gardiner, residing in Hotham. A chimney in his, house was on fire," and he was throwing some powder into the grate for the purpose of blowing oift the fire, when a powder-flask which he held in his hand exploded, and-burned his arms and face severely. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospital and detained there for treatment. The Board appointed to investigate and report on the applications sent in to the Public Works "Department for the office of inspector of pipe casting have submitted a report to the Minister recommending Mr James Coombs as the most eligible candi date. The Board of Land and Works have, therefore, appointed Mr Coombs to the position. The testimonials of other appli cants will he returned on application to the Secretary of the Department. A case of poisoning from improper food came under the notice of the medical officers at the Melbourne Hospital on Tuesday, when a man named Bicbard Thomas was brought in almost pulseless, and with his extremities cold. Under treatment the sufferer gradu ally recovered, aud then stated that ho had taken a dinner of veal at a certain restaurant in Bourke-street, aud that an hour afterwards he was seized with diarrh^ '* a fit of vomiting. He explained t*. Argus) that he obtained the food at i ' - or side counter of the restaurant, wh ' remnants of the previous day's supply * sold at cheap prices. Thomas Brown, Michael Donovan... [urdoch M'Lean, whose arrest in vV bourne, for assaulting some women T police, we noticed yesterday, were brm- - before the City Court yesterday no^| when Brown was sentenced to three monp^ and Donovan and M'Lean to two mon( imprisonment, each with hard labor. A shocking accident occurred at t on Sunday, a tree having fallen young gentleman named Boyd, son rf tl .; Boyd, of St. Kilda. He was conveyed his father's, residence, and lies there ah in a hopeless condition. A girl named Elizabeth Smith, emd -Si by Mrs Gillespie, of Hunawading,,gaTejS to a child on Saturday night, and hia infant ?n TTo. ™,V| infant in her box. Her mistress discot the body, and the girl is now in custody^ A girl named Angelina Sherman, residjy in Sandhurst, 11 years of age, was burned about the arms, legs, face, j and on Tuesday evening, through a kerosej, = r-— —wuiuugn ttet'f pouring the fluid on the fire. The fathe-•! the girl sustained severe bnrns on the 1 while endeavoring to extinguish the fli/fe V which seized the child's clothes. flJi IS" now in the Sandhurst Hospital. Tho Ballarat Slar stated rece: from facts which had come to its ownh^t'".S' ledge, Victorian capital was being invB^jH in South Australia to a large extent IjjSB-; the same journal we now learn that hh£ i\ * 0 sen, on Adelaide capitalist, who has J " resident of Ballarat for some montiu^'' died very suddenly at his residency H,; ' bourne road, on Tuesday. The dee^ gentleman (says the Star) has lately speculating to a considerable extent inB& " ■ rat properties, and has besides advatnj : .Y large amounts of money in this city. James Fowler, the defaulting managed the London Chartered Bank at Talbot, ^ s is charged with appropriating funds in ' to the extent of £200, and who escaped is Hew South Wales, has been arrested nik a warrant of extradition, and a few daysm was forwarded overland to Ballarat, sj?.;.'1-;' lodged in the local gaol.. He was twa- . up at the City Court yesterday, aud it.::;;:? manded to Talbot, where most of the si: nesses reside. '; SThe members of the CrownLandsConnoS: sion—Messrs O'Hea, Davies, andEeca—vh visited Gippsland last week, returned fcV f; Melbonrne on Tuesday. Mr Williams, me-. ' ber for Mandurang, who took part in g. proceedings at Sale and Bairnsdale, a; " turned to Melbourne on Saturday. Doc; their Btay in Gippsland, the Commissi /. have, in addition to the evidence tela formally at Sale and Bairnsdale, gleaned i large fund of information regarding ta : lands on tho Mitchell, the Tambo, sa . Snowy Bivers. They also obtained (spi ; the Aye) a considerable amount of inteffi . gence relative to the Crown lands borderkj? on the Lakes and the hill country in feh;S Omeo district. The Commission viaM- 'i Lake Tyers, and took the opportunity f;' inspecting many of the unselected portia;. ;• of the lands on the margin of the Lakes. ; - A serious case of burning was admitteds v Tuesday night to the Melbourne Hospitd. ; The sufferer was a woman named Cathena ' Stoekwell, aged 40 years, living in Fitzicj, She was burned severely on the breast, am> neck, and face. A man living next dm heard her screaming (says tho Arjiis), Huts going to her assistance fonnd her in flamy - with a child three months old in her arm She was under the influence of liquor, sods supposed to have allowed her clothes b y catch fire at a caudle. The flames having been extinguished, a constable was called i*, and the woman was then conveyed to tk , hospital. She was suffering severely fnsa' shock to her system, and her recoveiyh i considered doubtful. Strangely enough, (la ■ child was uninjured. The railway freights for agricultural pa. duce were discussed at a Cabinet tak ing held on Tuesday, and it was agnd • that to and from places Euch as St* hurst, Ballarat, Maryborough, and Sef- . mour, the charge will continue to be lji ■ per mile, but farmers further inland will b only charged Id for the first 100 miles. lb re-arrangement of the freight, so as to casj out the intention of the Government, w ; left to Mr Woods to settle. sfi Messrs J. T. Smith and M. L. Kmj ;•» Ms.L.A., are both in a precarious condibia,. ~ and their medical advisers entertain httle. hope of the recovery of either gentleman. At Stawell, on Tuesday night, a notonoai character, named Mrs Thomas, assaulted t Mrs Ryan murderously, knocking her don and pounding her head with a large stat . Mrs Ryan was taken to the Hospital, audi warrant was obtained for Mrs Thomas'arrot yesterday. The Auckland correspondent of tho A? telegraphed on Tuesday :—The March ions ; of Hormanby is seriously ill, and her con dition i3 stated to be critical. John Lennon, a young man residing it , Brighton, while driving a dray on Tuesdiy, . i was thrown oat through one of the whceh ■ entering a rut, and was killed instant*, J neously, his neck being broken. ik Mr F. Call, P.M., has been appointed re saj turning officer for the Central Proving vice Mr E. P. S. Sturt, who has left Vic- ^ toria. is; The Government have appointed a board ■ v to enquiro into the escape of Martin Wo* ;S3 berg. The Board -will consist of Mesrt r Richardson (chairman), Eimmo, andhliran^ Ms.L. A.. The poor lad Thomas Simpson, who injured his spine whilst bathing at the Warn nambool beach on Monday evemng last week, succumbed to his injuries on Satur day morning. He was comparatively free from pain, and was conscious up to within a . short time of his death. A carpenter named Daniel Davies fell <® >:■ a roof at Sandhurst on' Tuesday morning to . the ground, a distance of 20ft., and fractared several of his ribs, besides sustaining boid0 nasty bruises and a severe scalp wound. The Adelaide correspondent of the -v telegraphed on Tuesday :—"A boy named John Pulljames, a member of a family l»Mf arrived from Melbourne, was run over snd ^ killed. In the case- of incendiarism at the ^ Port Police Court, it was given in evidence k, that [the accused and five companions con- s sumed twenty-two bottles of rum in twenty four hours." k It will be remembered (says tho Aryt") when the notorious Eevillo attacked in * 1' most savage manner Warder Sheehan, atthe , Pentridge Stockade, some time ago, Carroll, •;. the ex-member of Parliament for Ararat, rendered material assistance to the officer, who was struggling desperately, with his s5 sailint. It is stated that Carroll's friends in tend to bring his conduct under the notice of the Minister of Justice, with a view c* getting a mitigation, of some portion of h# sentence. A sale of Crown lands was held on Tnes* day (reports the Argus), at the auction rooms of Messrs Byrne, Vale and Co., 61ana 66 Collins-street east. The lots offered were situated in Park-street, facing the Kop Park, city of Melbourne, several of which were sold at from £2 to £7 12s 6d per fo°b and many considerably above the np-=el price, £3. There was a largo attendance The total proceeds of the sale amounted h, £1S2S. The P. C. Aftcs regrets having to sta,e that the accident reported as having rcce11' f occurred to one of Mr W. Campbell's sens and which at the time it was feared wen result fatally, has caused his death. boy died at two o'clock on Tuesday mornine St, Leon's Circus was again well filled last night. The programme, which contained the St. Leon Brothers; in their graceful riding feats, the Japanese, the wire-walking of Mr Perkins, and the smart tumbling of & the Arab and other acrobats, was again-well appreciated by the audience. The perform ance terminated with Dick Turpin's ride to York, which was very well done indeed. To-night, the Liverpool Steeplechase will be given, and Mr J. S. Leopold, the double- somersault thrower, will appear for the first time in his great leaping feats. ft. " Householders and people whose business j takes them abroad at night, mnst have no ticed (writes yesterday's Argus, in a leading article) a decided increase in the number of mendicants and loafers of late. Despite the withering contempt and labored sarcasm of the ' liberal' press, we shall not be deterred from pointing ont that this development of scoundrelism is probably consequent upon the curtailment of employment, resulting from the Berry blight" Why apologise for pointing out this mere trifle, compared with the manifold sins already ascribed to Berry ism The A rgus long since took the short step that leads from the snblime to the ridi culous, and all that we look for now from it, sl is a new tune to relieve the monotony of the it sorry performance. hi: The Ballarat Star regrets to annonnce & that Messrs J. M'Dowall and Co., iron mer M' chants, who recently purchased the insolvent ' estate of Davey Bros, and 'Co., have been compelled to call a meeting of their creditors for Monday neat. Jr In accident occurred at the Rochester I •-S Races, on Tuesday, through which a jockey named Wm. Nesbittlost hi3life. The deceased -asm as riding a horse called The Nut, in the ! Hurdle Race, andheled up to the first hurdle, .osely followed by The Fraud, ridden by i Both horses baulked, and in wheel round to take the jump again, they came to collision. The Nut, and his rider, Nes !tt, fell, and upon the latter being picked p, life was found to be extinct. It was jiftcrwards ascertained (says the Telegraph) lathis skull was fractured and spine broken ides other injuries, so that the poor fel low must have been instantaneonsly killed. An Argils Wellington telegram, dated ! 'uesday, says :—The Commissioners for the duey Exhibition,held their first meeting Ssrto-day. They are taking energetic action to ii*i*ecure ample exhibits for Sydney. The Com •ftftmi-ftouers say that 4000ft. is inadequate f.^TBpace for New Zealand. A man was crashed raven a Wellington steam tramway. He jumped the cars while they were in rapid motion, ftftsnncl was dragged under the wheels. Death i ftftrvuH immediate. Mr Conyers, the Commis C"9*ioner of Railways, who was serionsly in -S^jnred at the opening of the Dnnedin and In y^frercargill line, was conscious to-day, and ftftfthopes are now entertained of bis ultimate j '* j*ecovery. TI e Sisters Duvalli are announced to appear t the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow and aturday evenings. The Sisters will be sup arted hj- an efficient company in new sketches, ngs, and dances. Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghost Entertainment rill be given in Geelong'on the 13th prox. On londay last it opened in Ballarat. The Slar |«ays of this clever entertainment:—"Mr Read |las old ghosts and young ghosts, funny ones, g*nd dull ones at his command, which are pro Jduced by means of most scientific apparatus, ■ -nd puzrie the spectators to account for their | ppearance." The Courier says: —" The finale the programme is immensely funny, and cle of flesh and spirits in active combat is ; nore easily imagined than described." j : The Geelong West Council will, at a meet r to be held on Friday evening, 7th February, the a rate of Is 3d in tbe £. ; Messrs Robinson and Cullen's weekly sale of »->ck, in tbe yards in Ryrie- street on Satur y, will commence at 11 a-m., owing to the Sir James Wheeler announces that the ad aission to the new stand at the Races will L ne shilling, that there will he free admissior \- the new enclosure, that a first-clas ncheon is to he provided, and that then .ill be an ample supply of ice at his booth r The Secretary of the Hospital has pleasur 1 acknowledging the sum of £2, as a donation om air M in. Lomas, of Colac, received pe '~ Charles Vigor, in aid of the funds of th titution. 