A PRISONER vSHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE dubbo dispatch, 4tu july A man named James Montgomery, : on bail for . hqrsetealing, who 'was being escorted . to '. Coonamblo by Constable Brown, of Curhan, was snot on the 1st July whilst attempting to escape. AVhsn about two miles from Coonamblo he tried _ to induce, tho constable to promiso not to giro certain evidence against him, and on Brown refusing, the prisoner suddenly struck him twice on the. back. of thq neck ,witli a stick, saying, " Then take that, you — — Brown, who was taken unawares, was stunned for a moment by the unlooked- for attack — so much so that he nearly fell out of .his saddla. As soon as Montgomery bad struck' Brown he galloped into' .the Bcrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his cnnsciousnss, and saw about 130 yards off prisioner nnd his horsed on the ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it appeared afterwards, had, whilo galloping, put hisforo feet into a holo and fallon down. Broivn, when he' saw . the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to him, and, covering him with his revolver, cnlled upon him to stand, at the sametimoordoripg Humphries, the prosecutor, who was in their, company, to' catch Montgomery's horso. He did so, and was next told: by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with tho revolver) to put the handcuffs on Montgomery. As 'soon: as the prisoner hoard the purport of tho order, bo swore . he would' not allow himsolf to bo hnndcuffcd, and that ho would kill the pair of thorn if they attempted to. do so. Hum- phries naturally Was' frightened to approach him, as he; fully believed prisoner, being then a desperate man, Would ' attempt to carry his violent threats into_ execution. Noticing Humphries' indecision, Montgomery tiirnod to Brown and said, " Let mo get on tho horse and I'll go the rust of tho way with you quiotly, but I . won't have the hancuffa on." Brown replied, " AVell, get on your horse, and giro me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll ' shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horso, Brown returned his revolver to his holstor, and, as lio did so, Montgomery immediately gallopod off towards tne Castleresgh. l'ho trooper (who had tho handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the oscaping prisonor, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, " Catch me now, you , if you can." Brown draw hi rovolvor and went in pursuit, calling on prisonor to stand or ho would certainly shoot him. The escapco . .took no notice, beyond turning round in his saddle and laughing at tho policeman,. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery — to show him that his throats, wore -not empty, oncs- fired two' shots' over 'his head; -hut they hftil no frfFflftfc nn tliA npimnaa tpltA continued still, to gallop away. . He went down tho bunk of tbo Castle- reagb, , followed, by Brown. . The : trooper's horse- herd ran . him against a tree nnd knocked him out of the saddle Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again called on. the priaoner to stand, but no. notice was tnkeu of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, " Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me," but he did not seem to the trooper ais if he bad been Btruck, Brown, now mounted his horso,' and resumed tho pursuit, cal ling on the prisoner (qstand, and again; firing drer his head, in the hope that .fear. would. induco. him to surrender.- Montgomery, liowevqr, was not to .bq; intimidated— lie continuod his course, singing out as the . shot i was - fired — "That's ' two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can." _ Brown, finding 'there was no' possibility of overtaking him, a second; .time took aim, mid fired. M'ontgomery, as lie did so, yelled out, ". That's (throe," pulled up 'his horse ' and "dismounted. Brown redo up- to him, and, not thinking lie waB hit— for in the dusk it was im possible to see if liis'shots had taken effect— he again callod upon him to surrendor, and Montgomery said, "I've had enough,— you have shot me three times. I'm killed — I'm killed !" He then stepped away a pace from his horso, 'and1 foil backwards down- tho bank. Tho constable got off hishurse, lifted the man's head up the bank of the stream, got some .water, bathed his face, /and ;told Humphries (who about this' time rejoined him) to ride, in hastily to Coou&mble; for a doctor, and a spring cart, .as -ha .believed prisoner was dying. Humphries wont, as desired, and Montgomery,; who, never spoko again, continued to breiathb.for about ton minutes, and then expired. At ihe inquest_held the jury returned, a verdict "of ;. juslifi- able homicide-Ty, v, . v iv-ft Si. t Gates Upon Su«veyed Roads:— : Mr.'G.'Higinbotlmm has given it as a legl opinion- : to the; VVyn'dhnin Shire Council that any council allowing a gate I to remain on a sur veyed road is guilty of causing a nuiaanco, jnasmuch as it is its duty to remove all obstrqetions from roads Robbing nis Employee.— Somo time ago, a fnrmor residing in New South AValou, named Martin, had a man named Thomas Elliston in his employ, and on one occasion the two started for Albury. On tho read there, Martin began to imbibe rather freely, and, the drink overcoming him, lay down to sleep in an intoxi- catod state. Elliston, taking advant age of this, stole his horse, it is al leged, with the saddlo and bridle sb it stood, and after robbing his master of iiis' pooket book, rode the animal info Alburv, whore ho sold it and utilised tho contents of, tho .pockot :book,; which consisted of cheques' for '£'42' 18b. 8d. A warrant was issued for, his arrest, which mas. satisfied in Mel- houriio on Monday last by Detective Nixon, to whom ,the>. jprispnp, ,was known by repute. ' 