..-.i, LACROSSE- Br Caughnawaoa. Melbdnrno v. Carlton.— These clubs met for the last/time last .Saturday, and played a good game, "which resulted- in a.win for Carlton by four goals to -their, opponents! nil. This: result1 looks ! one-sided/ but the ; game was- pretty evenly con tested, aud ttireb .of the goals' were, to say tho least of., i<s vepr .'lucky, ohesf.' The first, which' was slung t by ; S/ Eville, was- going, outside the posts when Gregory touched -it with his cross, and . accidehtally'put' it' through;; /Nhtobers two and four were said" to'have gonc too 'higb,. although allowed hy thq boy/umpire! It is a mistake to have boys, as umpires at these important matches; they- can't be expected- to give:- judicial decision! when difficult' questions arise;1 besides the playcre have not sufficient cofi'deiice in them. However, tbq .thiM(\i,!'jj7n'1)y EraJsfflrj./was in that player/s very! best style ; as he.dodged round each . opponent -ho got hearer, and f at' last from about fifteen -yards he'-- sont the. bali fast- and clean ' through tho posts. beyond all. doubt. The Mel bourne were hot well handled, did/not keep their places, and played too selfishly. The Carlton, on the other hdiidjiplayed .well together and to each other. : "'Beech, Norcutt, D; Fox, and Griffin (during'-tee firtt half) played well forMclbeurne, arid , Fraser, - ,M 'Harg, . Harper, Whitehead, M'Kerzie and, Batten worked hard and well for the victorious ! blues. ; j . . 1 The Carlton club1 has arrogated', to itself the position of ("Lacrosse Champions' for the Season," To my mind it. would be well if they were to exercise a. judicious silence on this point. They liitve won. more matches than any other clnb, which is, I presume, the ground upon which tboy base' their right 'to. , the position. It is certainly not to any .merit of1 play, either' individually or collectively, "that this club1 owes its successes. Singular good! fortune has .danced unremitting attendance upon them. ; In matches where ap pearances would lead one to suppose they had riot a "ghost" of a show of winning, the ball wonld in some unaccountable manner find its way t« their home men, and they wonld score a goal Their 'opponents might shoot until they wore "black in thc face,' and the ball worild not go through the posts. _ It would hit the posts on tho outside ; go a hair's-breadth too high ; but it would appear as if the fates had decreed that they should not score.. Now my fixed belief is, and I have watched, with a critical eye, the foot clubs play, that there is very little' to choose be tween them, but. if I were forced, to Eay which club I/considered the best. I should certainly not name the Carlton. 8outh Melbourne v.. Fitzroy.--This match re sulted in a' win for the Sorith Melbourne by one goal (thrown by'Rodier) to1 nil.:' It. "was a YW evenly contested game and should have resulted in a draw, as theEitzroy.had quite as many shots for goal as' the' South Melbourne, but they wore unable' tp/get them- past the .goai-keepcr. Tho Fitzroy had ill goal, when' the . goal was thrown, a player wliqso first attempt , to play the game it w.ta ;;bf -course no blaine attaches to him, S8» is riot reaOTnable . to expecb that;a/tyro can warn bff srich swift Bhots as areisoirietimes sent in. Th play! at times wras good,' even1 brilliant, but on tne whole it 'was. notqistingnisbed'.by that evenness that' is expected after a season's plriy- The strong jjbirit' in th'e' South Melbourne 1$' their home pW Rodier, "Wells arid Anderson hriye made quit® » speciafityof j and have ihccome- tplbrably -pn#®" cientin this play. For the winners', besides thorn previously 'mentioned, . Fookes,' Cameron ana Tribe played well, and'for Fitzroy Rusball iw-® I very, brilliantly, and I hope tp 'sebi this ptofw I riame amongst the players who ,'are. to take I in the 1 next; conabination toat'eh: He has t«. 1 hiding ';his light '.nrider/7a /bushel, ® I Vy continually playing; /'home tof. J1 I had' ' thb ; opportunity '" /to r;givd forth ' I best that was in'hiin. . He :is essentially a ccnrre player; hb'has1 all the attributes necessary tar I making pf';a good "craiik" player, and f/,re I strongly bf opinion that' next /year, as a cw I flayer, he will have few'eqrials.; /'The othersw 1 rendered the. side most' service" ; were mow 1 Trickett/ Peddington/ Jories, Heale and Clous 1 '" lOn' Saturday nbxt a1 grand combination m will bor plkybd 'on the Melbourne/ Cricket Gr® umdief thctriispices of tho Yictorian Lacrc— jsociation. I am unableto give thonameso . laycra who-vl'do battle fpr'the different I "The'sbcrefiarieS'liavo1 not Yet, soT,learn, n. . I "in th'eiriaines bf :tliteir;players to the '.8ecrejJd I the "association. -IJ anticipate seeing a «P I game. I 