No groat bnttlo was over won by the in activity of the soldiers, and no grand diplomatic triumph was ovor attaiuod by tho apathy of those engagediii it. Boforo tho people of 'Tasmania liesi a dospornto struggle, tho outcomo of which will shapo tlio future of tho island colonv — a; struc- ,glo for siipromhcy botwoon tho pcoplonnd a classj- the favored and tho bofoolod, tho rich /and thoso who aro honestly en deavoring' to 'slmpo' tho future of tho colony,' so ' that ovcry inanmny-eujoy equal privilogos, and havo an opportunity of advancing liis position. That this is .rbally .tho question which tho disputo upon a minor point botwoon tlio . two brauchos of.'tho Legislature! indicates,' no reasonable buing who' is at all mindful of tho signs of tho times can for ono moment doubt to bo tho case. ' Tho Legislative Council, irritated boyond uUmousuro nttho ultimato triumph of thopopuhr party; have endeavored to obtain from tho Ministry a declaration of : their policy— not in a courteous or constitutional manner, but at the point of tho bayonet/ Thoy havo said in other equally plain words, " Tell us youriintontioris, unfold your programme, orwo win stop your supplies, nnu rentier you powerless to carry on tlio Government of the colony." This is tho sum total of the beating about tho bush which has taken plnco, and which has sorved to give tho only additional' proof that was noces- sary, to show how thoroughly unBiiited our constitution is to the requirements of tho pooplo, and how oiiormously arbitrary! 'aro the powers which arc 'entrusted to tho uiombors.of the Council. If wo .over hud an exhibition of the power of a minority over a majority, of a'sniall class of a com munity assuming tlio ' reins of govern ment, and usurping tho right to shapo its destinies, surely it is to bo found in six teen kfossillntcd individuals having tho audacity to alter that which was tho unanimous wish of tho representatives of tho great body of tho peoplo. By alow degrees has tlio Legislative Council attained to its present position ; it has . for yonrs past boon supported by thoso who were content to bo its very obodiont servants, and aided iu no small measure by tho almost criminal apathy wliich tho peoplo of tho . colony havo displayed in political matters, until at lastit lias found suflicicnt courago, or ratlior tho careless ness of tho peoplo lias invited n deter mined attack upon that which is tho very root and groundwork of tho House of Assombly, namely, its right to control tho ! finances of tho coun try. What has coma about 'might havo easily been foreseen by the people of tho colony without a prophotic Beacouafiold to foreshadow in a novel. We noed but refer to tbo names of thoso who. wore so loud iu their clamor for . responsible government, gianco ut tho alienation of tho hauls from, tho pooplo, note tho policy which was pursued nt each succes sive barren session, and tho reluctance with wliich a scheme of public works was introduced .and the maimer in . which it has bocu carried out, to ohservo that legislation lias all tended io advanco tho particular interests of a class. What havo. wo... in exchange for tho old system of Crown administration ; and what do ive lind- .to bo tho . result of twenty-two years of " responsible government V' AVo find simply that wo aro still governed by tho particular class roforrcd to, and .that, tbo outcomo of tho labors of our sovon Farliamonts hns heon to bring about a system of parliamentary corruption, to leavo our immense minora! resources almost r undeveloped, nnd .our peoplo to bo placod in tho position of sorts to thoir more fortunate and in many instances loss scrupulous .follow colonists, our good liiuiio ns a people dragged through tho mire, and our credit in tiie motherland almost irretrievably ruined. It is not in Tasmania nlono that poli ticians havo botruyod their trusts and the peoplo have forgotten their rightB ; for all tho Australian colonies which havo boon saddled with such an incubus as a Legis lative Council ondowod' with arbitrary powors and a complcto immunity froni tlio popular . will,, havo been oquallv handi capped ini thoironwardprogrosB. Wodoubt, howevor,if in tho histpiyof thonoighboring colonics or indeed in the whole 'record of constitutional government, tlioro could bo one selectod where iinmenso power hns boon so mischiovously used, or influonco so perniciously exercised, as it has heon viduala dcligiit to term tho great 11 safe guard of our constitution," tbo Legislative Council ' of ' Tasmania. Tho majority of tlio members of that body is composed of gentlemen, who, however, estinmblo they may W lit' their ' private capacities, were never, intended to. bo bright and shining lights as ; legislators,, and . who ,are weak enough in spirit to permit tho'nisolvcs to bo.- guided, lectured, aiul oyon dictated ito, by au individual wlio has' becii openly rewarded by thoso who havo been lucky enough to share in tho spoils of tho public estato. Knowing not tlieir own powers, they liavo with childliko rovoronco and .pitiable subsorvipney followed oiio .wlio 'lias led them through tho paths of disgraco and audacity into nctunl danger. To this " legislator buccobs meant everything— tho .friendship .of tho woatthy, tho ascen dancy to a'positioh of power, and tho renovation of a shattered political reputa tion— ami it : could hardly bo oxpoctcd that ho would, undor such ciroumstiuiccs, pause boforo ho placed liia comrades in the humiliating position of obstructionists to the good and efficient govoriimont of tho colony. Any other individual might havo been inclined'.to rest .satisfiod with tho porformauco of our colonial poem—, his mission would long ago hnvoouded ;. and had ho been moderately priidont ho would lmvo been onublotL to enjoy .the! reward of his merits. Every spoiL that couhlliavo bcoii'.laid hands upon' would long sinco 1m vis be on extractod from the pooplu's privileges, anil tlio! clique who had labored so woll would no.' .doubt havo been conlont to seo tho Logis-" lativo Council pursuo that dignified in activity, in lyhiph ulono it is likely to add to tho welfare :of tho colon'. .Siich,' how-, "over, lias not been thb case j and owing ho doubt, in a very great measure, to the agitation for reform which has Irtoly takon : place in Victoria, the people of Tasmania iiavo suddenly awakonod to llio position and demanded thoir right's, only5 to find thorn difficult to obtain, and thomselves placod in such a position that their repre sentatives in Parliament can bo dofied by tho action of fivo of tho " lords of tho land." It will bo an uphill contest that wo shall havo to fight now, a battle in which ovcry man must foci that 'ho lias liis own individual stake and his offsprings interest to guard — ono by which united action can alone obtain for us thoBo rights in the direction of our publip affairs, which- will "rondor ua and thoso who follow us an onlightonod.nnd a spirited-. pooplo. 'a Yf U'i » v t ' : - J .'J'ahmanian Lo.ix.—From , the .lion., tlio Colonial Treasurer wo lcam that by. tho last English mail ho received an intimation that arrangements' fonr, por'ccnt, loan would :be quoted on the Stock Exchango. The damage done to tlio colony's .'credit by, our repudiation aritli ro- gard.to the Main Lino Railway intorcst will thus bo partinliy removed,' wmist the lacc that the loan hns advanced three percent, in consequence is in itsolf n sufficiont refutation to some vory absurd arguinohts which sovcml of our. snpiout legislators advanced when the mnttor occupied tho attention of Parliament some few months' ago.' Wo -quote from Westgnrth's Circular of tho 20th December last as follows : — " Tho Tnsmanian 'four per contidobonturca,; issued horc in April last; havo advanced about thrcq percent:, ,to £92 4s., as a quotation is about to bo conceded by .tho Stock Exchange." Ib.ia.ycry evident that tho intiinntioii'tnnt a oliango of GoYorn- mont had .takon placo in1 tlio colony must havo reached ' London, and 'it !iS extremely fortuimtc tlmt it did,' as ltlio:lMinistry will now be onahlcd to procecd with any public works which hro.considcred cssontially neces sary, and Taamanian bonds .will i bo . recog nised as reliable securities. Whatever GBti- mato ; erring .politicians mayr form. of;..tlio gciitlchicii 'who compose, the Stock Exchange, it chnhpt bb doubted that that body exorcises an all-powerful influence in- 'financial circles! as the riso'iii the vntue of our debentures simply from tho knowlcdgo that they would bo quoted by that body clearly indicates. Rkcutta Comm ittiin, — A. meeting of this committeo :wai| 'held at tho Bird-iu-ITaud Hotel on Saturday evening, when there were present Mr.' 'Dowdell (in tlio chair), Messrs. Norman, Haylc, Mitchell, Macmillnn, Gill, J. Turner, Chapman, J. S.-Dodds, and J. O'Boyle, Secretary. The Water Committee reported that the buoys had all heon : fixed in their proper positions, and tho brig velo city had been removed from hot lato moor ings, and the barquo Aladdin was to bo placed out of tho course on Monday., By tho, kind permission of All. H. Chcstormnn, ;tho barque Freetrader (Captain J. 'Mnc- : Arthur) had been lent to servo ns a flagship. I The' 'appointment of Judges was' postponed ! until Monday, and it was decided to start tho two boats entered for the Ladies' Piirsc, ,aud in consideration of the oxponscthe crews had undergone in providing now gigs it was ; resolved that in addition to. tho prizo of £20 'the silver cup presented by Air. L. Sitsman ,ho presented to the winner. Tho dis tinguishing flags and tlio hours' of starting were fixed, and after some discussion a reso lution was mndo to tho effect that as it was so very difficult to obtain the attendance of crews at tho Pavtllton, even a reasonable timo after each race, this year the prizes bo (presented- on tho ovciiiiig following tho regatta day, nt tho Bird-in-Haml Hotel. .We undorstand that for many years great incon- vonieneo lias been oxpcricnccil hy tho members of tho committeo and others through the backwardness of tlio winning crows in coming to claim thoir trophies.' Wo also regret to learn that up to tho present the funds collected fall short of the amount required. A hope was oxprcssed nt the meeting, that thoso who linvo in years past been subscribers would givo in their sub scriptions by this day. The, Gas Company. — Ono would hardly expect to find I'ways that are dark "ex hibited in tho manner iu which the business of such a company as this is transacted, and yet from the occasional Insights'that we get into the mode iu which our local office is conducted, we should imagine that there is a 'great, deal of circumlocution about tho innmigcmcut. Ono of the vory many, in- .stances in which the company act nt cross purposes with tho citizens cntuo before us ,()h .Saturday. _ A shopkeeper had removed his qrinco of business to premises iu Liverpool- street, and everything in readiness for n good jdlsplay on Saturday night, but on the morning of that day it was notified to him ,tlmt unless he paid an account for four 'months' gas which was incurred hy his pre decessor, the-'inoter would be removed, aiul :npon his refusal to comply with tho arbitrary and unjust, demand, the throat was carried out, and his exertions to make a good show ' of liis wares wan frustrated. ; Whilst upon this subject we may montion that tho light ;nt our ofiicc was very dim mid unpleasant to work by, and' that upon complaining nt the office we wcro informed that it was im possible to send any one to remedy it. until to-day; In Melbourne and Sydney men are employed by the company to attend to such cases at this, and we do not at all seo why consumers in Tasmania should not enjoy tho samo privilege, i' j ' Tiibathe Royal. — There was a largo attendance in the dress, circle, nnd a fair muster in the other portions of the house on Saturday evening, to witness the second production of Caste." The character of "Folly Ecclcs" was again represented .by' tho "star," Miss Ada Ward, m an almost perfect manner, and the other > Indies nnd gentlemen wlio interpreted tho remainder of tlio characters succeeded .admirably, , To night' Miss' ward is to appear as "Lady Isabel" and "Madame vino" In East Lynno, which aro said to be her greatest impersonations, and which sho performed in London for a remarkably oxtonded season. East Lynno is only sot down 'for ono night, and will be followed by the drama "After Dark." BtxiVros's : Cihuus. — Tho midday per formance on Saturday afternoon attracted a largo attciulnnco, principally children, who all scorned thoroughly delighted with tlio performance. The circus ; was; again woll' patronised in tho evening, when the eques trian display, especially that of Black Bess in Tnrpin's vide to York, and tho feats of strength and balancing exhibited by the Walhalld Brothers were greeted with demon strative marks of approbation. Tho athlctio , portion of tho performances was ably and clovorly gdno through i by tho several gymnasts,- nnd (appeared to givo evory satis faction/ Tho onterininnient is to bo repented. Mmitou ok the American War;— It is announced that Thompson's celebrated Con- fedcrato'Mirror of tlie Amoricnn AVnr will open at tho Town Hall on : Monday eveniug the 10th inst. Tho entertainment has already proved ati'unprcccdcntcd success in nll tlio Australian colonics nnd .Now Zealand, and its attractions 'upon the'present occasion will be enhanced by tlio vcntriloquinl por- fonnnnces ofLiout. Herman, which are pro nounced to be of a very high ordor of merit. FKhKHTiiiANiKM — Alargo mimborofporaons assembled in tho Domain on Saturday' after noon to witness a foot race for £5 n-sido, between T. Walton and John Hinds, tho latter Iwing from Now Norfolk. Tho distance to be inn was 100 yards, and tho first!portiori of the contest-' resulted iu a dead heat/ Neither parties, howover, seemed to .be sntislicd with tho decision of tho 'Umpires, and au arrangement was mado to'cbnipdto for ,tho stiikcs once pioro. On, being started for .tho second tinto Walton ,wcnt away with the lead, but on1 Hearing tho winning- goal. . was overtaken by liis mora poworfuT opponent, who succeeded in gaining tho raco , by two yards. ' " '' ' r. Tn k .A\|atkk So iu'LY.— Onco more wo call 'attention to the scant supply of vrator;in tlio city.' AVo havoTind'nunioroua complaints upon tlio snbjoot, and can testify to their correctness, ns from Saturday afternoon ; until nn early hour this morning our own . supply was cut off. It must bo rcmonilwred | that it is not only the inconvoniciice to which I peoplo aro subjected uudor snoli circum stances that must bo considered, for' in aam of a fire tho losn to soino of our citizens | would oimply menu ruin, ...» Hoiiaht Town Races.— AVo nood hardly remind owners of' horses that this is the first day of general entry for tho races to bo hold during tho present month, and that notnina- tions inust uo sent in for iho Maiden Plato, Hurdle Race, Derwenfc Plate, Flying Handi cap, 'AVcltor Cup, El wick Hurdle Race, Arisitors' Plato, Stoeplccliaso, and Grand Stand Stokes. Those who nominate for these events will not bo Hnblo unless the horses go to tho post, and there is, there fore,": every; reason to bcliovo that thoro- will bo a largo number of entries, AVo undor stand tliat tho men encaged at Klwick (ire making good- progress- with' their /rdrk, niid that there is every probability of its lieing in oxcellcnt ordor in time for the races. Hoiiaht Town Reoatta.— The forty-first , annual Hobart Town Regatta will bo held on tlio river Dcrwont to-morrow, whew a lengthy progrmnmo will bo'disposcd of, and very liberal . prizes will bo compotod for. .. Tho committee! havo been very nctivp'm tlieir endenvors .tp mako tbe regatta' ft'suc'ccssj'/vhilsi tho liouo-: rary secretary; whoso untiring cnorgy. 1ms. rendored many of our past aquatic: carni vals so crcditablo aiid enjoyable; lins bean untiring in liis.oxertiohs iupon .tho present occasion, \> Tho first raco will start at ton1 o'clock, and His Excellcnoy tlio Governor has intimated Jiis intention of. arriving on .the ground nt hnlf-past ten o'olock, wiioti ho will be received by the Ministers of tho Crown, the Marino Board, tho Mayor nnd Aldermen, and tho Executive Committeo. Tlio entries, though not so numerous as mighty have; been expected, '(ire quite sufilcioiit.fco give promise of a good day's racing. \Should the morning prove' fftvornblo two. guns will . be fired from tho Queen's Battery, arid tho Union Jack I oistcd at the flagstaff, ''Battery Point/ at eight o'clock ; but if the woatlior should; bo unfavorable and tho regatta-' be postponed, two .whalers' flags will bo hoisted at 'the flagstaff. i : 1 City .Pouch Coort.— The,. Police .Magi- strata .Attended At this Court on Saturday and disposed of tho lenses' on ; tho1 chargo sheet, Matthew Andorebn an'd Matthew Connolloy, , two old offenders, were charged by Constable: Esworthy with being idle and disorderly persons, nnd frequenting Morrison-; street with felonious intentions. : Owing to (in "error iri tho charge tho prisoners .wore discharged. Henry Snow was charged by C.D.C. Quodling with having committed an unnatural offence on the 31st ult., and there being doubts as to his sanity, he was re manded for medical examination. Yksterdav's Sunday Skiivicbs. sr- Tho Rev. A. D. ICininmont, -of Iclbounie, preached in St. John's Church, Macqunrie- street, yesterday morning, and in the usual monthly children's sevvico of song in conncc- tiori therewith, hold in the bvoning, '' There' was a good attendanco,aboutfifty of thoscliool children boingiscateu in' the body of tho church. Tholtov. A/D. Kiniiiinont offici-' catcd and dolivercd nn address intended, as -customary ou these occasions, more particu larly for his juvenile auditory; in an earnest limpressivo -manner, which was listened to (throughout' by fall with marked attention, iScveral' suitablo selected hymns wevo- sung, 'during tho service by the ohuroli choir, :sccondcd by tho children,. Tho Rev. AAr. 'Mnthison, junior, of' 8ydrioy, occupied tho pulpit at the Davcy-strcct Congregational Church in the evening, and preached an im pressive sermon, taking for his toxt Acts, i chap, and 1st v. '.Mr. AA'iUiam Powlcy delivered a Gospel address at" the Free masons' JInll in tho evening. Important Mining News.— We havo been informed of the receipt of private telo- grams to tho effect that important disco veries of tin and gold had been mado in tbo AVcstcrn districts. It was stated in one mcssago that Mr. Lord, one of the members of Mr. C. P. Sprenb's surveying, party, had, found a valuable run of alluvial tin noar the l'iemnn. Another intimation was to tho effect that tho prospectors engaged by . tho Mounc Cleveland Association had discovered payable alluvial gold. One of the men em ployed had been exceedingly fortunate, having washed 4ozs.' of gold at the end of last week. Another telegram from Mount BischofT stated that a miner ou tho Donald son field had nlao procured a like quantity of tho precious metal: 1 ' 1 The Bazaar.— The sale of useful -and ornamental articles in the Town Hall for the benefit of the All. Saints' Parsonage fund, .was continued on Saturday , with vory fair success.1 Thore woro a largo number . Of visitors prcsont, nud tho value of tho money paid for admission was handed over to tho claimants nt tho stalls. Tlio total amount realised for tho three days' salo was £234, a result with which tho committeo have evory reason to bo satisfied. . . It is intimated in our advertising columns that tho. bazaar, will ho re- ojjened this afternoon, and that in tho evening there will be in addition to tho sale a promenade concert. Further particulars will lie found on rcfcrcnco to tho announce ment. . .-;( Aquatics. — This year, I regret to record, Launccston will not bo represented nt tho anniversary regatta to bo held at Hobart Town. Tlio, Alabama crow is at present in Sydney, nnd crimiot get .down iu. time to havo n rati with tho new Southern crows. That we can get a good second crow to worthily represent us I. have- not.. tho slightest ilciubt,, but some little apathy pre vails amongst tho committee, otherwiso I .thiiik that tlioy could liavo induced' a quar tette ; to 'visit' you.1 -But , .wlicn "your' men- come ' .North; ' wo1 iritcri'd. showing' thorn that we do not dopond solely on the Alabama crow— at least i the new- crew will- fight hard for tho premier position,— Lnun- ceston Correspondent. ' ' ' Publications Rkckived,— The "Presby terian Mugazino " for February is to lmnd, and' is quite up to its usual vory creditable standard. It contains ! a short article, " ATolunteering on tho Sabbath," which con- dciniis vory strongly tho recent Chnroh' parade. To ;i certain oxtont wo agree with- .the writer, i.e., ns to tlio folly of bringing the Launccston volunteers to Hobart Town '' to go to church but that our volunteers should attend church in the eity wo consider is most dcsirablo, aiul can soo no violation of the Lord's, day in' such a practice— indeed, quito tho reverse, Tiio '"Roview of the Life of Charles ivingsloy/.' and all tho other articles— if wo except that upon tho Races— are to tho point. Tho nowa columns aro filled with interesting matter, "Tho People's Friend " , is also before us, containing all the temperance news for thb past month, in ad dition to (articles, reviews, official notifica tions, and the continuation of a temperance talc, " The Brewer's AVifc." A.Hauntkd House.— '.'An action of an extraordinary character is threatened. A lady from this sido of the Straits (writes / /Eglcs' in tlio 'Australasian')' paid liobart ,Town a visit, and lodged in a house which, -I bcliovc, had formerly been used as military ibarracks. She becamo conscious of a nightly visitant, who, sho concluded/ irinst lie im material and ghostly.: . Her . husband/. who ; followed her to Tasmania,; was similarly, afllictcd by a liko hallucination. , Thcy sub1 quently mentioned the distuvbaiico, of thoir roat by the apparition, which wits said to.be I in tho form of a young woman with a baby in her arms, au ' unfortunate Miss Bailey/ witH Tnsmanian afiinitios. Tlio result is un alleged injury to the business of .the board ing-house, and a claim of £250 for dnmngoa. Tho; -.defendants will, I suppose,, havo thrown upon them tho onus of proving the ghost, which may not bo so easy in daylight, to the satisfaction of twelve imaginative tradesmen in a jury-box." 1 Wo wonder whothor tho affrighted A'ictorians paid their visit to Tasmania during- Ahv D'Aroy Road's recant Stay in its capital ?. J'KIR 0P Oolu.— From the Indian " Daily News " of Decembor 13, wo learn that our old friend Dr. Sylvester oponed at the Italian Opera House', Calcutta, on , tho 11th of that mouth. Tlio Fakir, wlio is accompanied by Mrs. Sylvester, his son nnd daughter, nnd Mr. Nicholson, roc'oived a very liearly woleoinc. 'J'ho local press speaks m terms of very high' praiso of. Mrs. .Sylvesters singing, characterising it ns beautiful and of a vory high class." rIt will bo rcniombored that Mrs. Sylvester is a imtivo of this colovy. . ; AIu doiin Fawns. — 'J'liin gcntlonmn shows Roiuo slight symptoms of improvement, aiul his medical advisers bolievo that ho will recover from his illness, —Launccston Covrua- pomlent," ' L I,;-; I TELKORAiqilC.— 1 The folloirin/i received nt tho Tologranlifo no!SrnH day last from Soulg AnrtiS???® mention on the Port Darwin i/? LicnxaiNfj Meeting.— The licensing meeting for tho cnrrl . bo lielil nt i tlio Town Hall this morning. cres> faisk puetekces. — a re,pect.,, , 'h young man namod Frcdorick lff b«i olmrgod at tlio Police Conrt Sat/rdaywithlmvingSiaH falso pretence, at Finn Eiv PH remanded -.to that locality _r L respondaiit. , Sale or Siiaiiks at Hi Sni"rJW Mr. Hartnoll nu ni nor of mining aliarea. with rcanlt 200 East City ot 40 Golden Bar 4d„ 125 New fviUB 2a. (id,, 07 Little AVnnder 14, Golden Bar and 40 North M passed.— Lanneoaton CorrespoJB „rr'IK Heat in:Viotoi!ia. Jn, JL H Wednesday last, tlio "Aco" ?"B wnnnest oxporionccd during ti','?B summer.', .(llie heat npnears t. V IB gonoral nil ovor the colony. In il,."B Itolistho morning broko cxtremelj B sivo, . . accompnnicd by n hot shortly after olovon o'clock the S B to the .south, thereby rctulcrinj i/B sphoro somewhat cooler, Still iL i vory,. groat, and at the OtaSfiH temperature ; m tho shade wa/t/B 140 wna registered in tho snn p.H anpoara to liavo been still more onnB tho interior. Our Smythosilsls B dont infornis ua that' tlio highest tho thormomctor.wns 108 in tketWiB at Kerang tho tomperaturo nachri iB tlio. shade. "At Sandhurst a llodog. in tlio. shade was rn',i»jK Ballarat tlio boat was greater San kuM experienced for twelve months a | moineter stood at 107.3Sdeg. for/.i® in thp'truo aliado. ' Fowl, and ,SH dead.' and' ono of tho WellinotmBS horses succumbed from sunstroke nmH Wondojtreo. At Geslqng the enaSH registered was at one o'dnok wh , 1 lSOdeg. in the' sun, mid OSilcg. in n, J | ! La""c- " Tho Rev. A. D. ICinitimant will ! cboico selection of readings nt the Ti/- v Hall on Friday evening next, inaiu funds of tho Young Men's Chriitii . 1 CUVLUUl, '"i 1 Tho stoaner Monarch, with thoTnfo (S Band on board, will make trim u'i $ : nitervals to-morrow between Frnnkli, IT | .and tlio Begatta _ Tho first Inn mill , ;ocloclc She will New Norfolk / t a.ra„ calliug at Old Beach and Ilrii-i '' and will return iu tho ovoniii'', " .Payments will be received this eve -J the Secretary of the Good TempW V- M Boueht and Building Society at tW nicrcial Rooms. ' ; ! . A. special meeting of the almrcholder.- j .raainaiuau Steam Navigation Cornier I :be held at .tho- .company's ofiice, Fit >1 jAVlmrf, at eleven o'clock to-day, nnlr il .followed by tho usual anniml mcetinc t" ,(, held at noon. :: : < T!» ArMUeP;,1?antl w.i!1 mcet for IW6 k the Drill Shed. tins evening. ,„ co£c.ert i" fche fuuds of tt» 3 iown Cricket Club will take place en Ft « evening next, the 7th of February. Mr I 9 and sovornl ladios and gentlemen brj seated to take part. / 