NEW SOUTH WALES. AECHDIOCESE OF SIDNEY. HIS GHACE THE ARCHBISHOP AT WEST BALMAIN. CCatholic Times. J . The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a new school-house in Weston- street, West Balmain, was performed on Sunday afternoon by his pfrace Archbishop Yaughan, in the JireBence of over 1000 persons. ' The new 8ohool~ is intended to supply an educational want long felt among the Catholic residents .of the district. The building will measure 100 feet in length, and 26 feet in width, and will be capable of accommodating 300 children. The working men in that district, have been -long engaged in energetically assisting Father Dillon in providing school accommodation, not only by their contributions, but also by their gratuitous labours in the mornings and evenings, before and after their usual working hours. By the efforts of these parishioners twelve allotments (each measuring 100 feet by 30 feet) have been purchased, and the new school building will occupy a good position on these allotments. Among the gentlemen present at Sunday's gathering were the following:—The Right Bev. F. E. Torreggiani, and the Bevs. P. Hanrahan, O.S.F., P. J. Mahony, Walsh, Dalton, S.J., G. F., Dillon, Dean Dwyer, and Pere Garavel; Messrs. D. O'Connor, M.L.A.; W. T. Coonan, M.L.A.; W. H. Archer, K.S.G.; J. J. Donovan, J P.; and a number of other well-known gentlemen. \- His Grace,-prior to leying the 'fonndationatone, addressed the gathering as follows:— It was only the etber day that I hbdthe gratification of laying the foundation-Stone of a tchoolat Forest Lodge—where, in a few toinn\eB, six hundred pounds were subscribed. 1 Before the end of ibis month I shall be. doiugthe esme for tire great schools at Birlitogbnigt ; and now I em here, In 1L6 andet ci cur Catholic working men, juBt •bent to perform the same ceremony for father Dillon; and, I fuppcte, to eey some' nw words upon the all- absorbing topic of. CatbolieedDoaticn. And, fiiBt of all.Imuat express to you my no feigned delight at, being in the midst of you this evening. I look ppon you, the Catholic workingmen of this district, with eyes and feelings of especial sympathy and admiration. Yon know that if you were travelling in Yorkshire, and you began to tell a Yorksbireman how mueh you admired Mr. So and So, that Yorkshireman would at onoe tnrn upon you Bharp, and ask—What did he give yon? Now, what is that yon have given me, to oompel me to speak of you in the terms in whioh I have spoken ? I will tell you ; you have given me the consciousness that the very poorest of our people possess THAT TRUE CATHOLIC SPIRIT WHICH SHOWS ITSELF IK GREAT AND NOBLE WOBKB. You, the Catholic people of Balmain, you are descended from a race which has ever loved faith better than life, and which possesses an innate generosity which is, I think I may say it, especial to the Irish character. Let me for one moment quote the words of a great Protestant historian. He says:—"A standard of domestic virtue, a delicacy of female honour, was gradually formed amongst the Irish poor higher than in any other part of the empire, and unsurpassed if not unequalled in Europe. The very extension of poverty and mendicancy had produced among them a rare and touching spirit of charity, a readiness to share with one another the last crust and the last potato. Domestic affections were more than commonly warm. The memorable fact that in the present century not less than twenty millions of pounds have been sent back, in the ppace of twenty years, by those who went for the most part as penniless emigrants to America, to their relatives in Ireland, illustrates a tide of the Irish character which was already noticed by many observers; and, in modern times, concerning which alone we can speak with confidence, infanticide, desertion, wife-murder, and other crimes indicating a low state of domestio morality, have been much rarer among the Irish poor than among the corresponding olaeses in England." I find these pregnant words of Mr. Lecky, regarding the generosity of the Irish people, borne out as to their truth wherever I go tbroughont the colony. Their hand ia set to every good work, and their charity is unbounded. So far, in general. Bat what have you, the people of Balmain, done, that you should be numbered amongst those who have proved themselves worthy of this praise ? Let me say what you have done for the sake of those who may not know. I will take the whole district served by Father Dillon. First, take Balmain proper. There you have a convent, to begin with, which, in round numbers, will have cost £6500, and I am told that improvements and internal fittings and arrangements have entailed another £1000. On all this the debt has been reduoed to £1500. Father Dillon puts down the schools connected with the church at £1300. Bat my main point is this—for I want my audience to know what these people have done to make me praise them—that the labouring men and the citizens and ship- carpenters have done what thousands did before them in the Ages of Faith—they have given the work of their hands and the sweat of their brow to the Berviee of the Churob. The ohnrch, for one reason and another, had fallen into great disrepair. The schools had become too small. WHAT DID THESE PEOPLE DO f For .fifteen months they worked double tides —that is, after the toil and drudge of their daily work was over, instead of enjoying during the rest of the evening their wellearned' repose, they set to work again on the church and on the schools, and began their labour of love. In the summer time they left off labour at 4 p.m. and then set to working for the schools and the church till close on night. In winter they were not deterred, even by darkness, for I am told they laboured by lamplight at this great and glorious work for God. I say those hands and arms will he blessed, those wearied feet will walk in ways of peace," for our Lord must love such men as these who thus spend themselves in His service. Father Dillon tells me that he values the labours of these men at £400. What have these men given me P A glorious example of Christian workmen, working after working hours, and deep into the night, for the Church of their fathers. Let us now come nearer home still. Look at the ground beneath your 'feet; look at this large property where we are assembled. How came it into our possession ? I say we owe it to the Catholic workingmen. These gentlemen—and they are. THE TBUE GENTLEMEN OF THE LINO IK ITS HIGHEST SENSE— these gentlemen formed a committee and bought the land, and petitioned me to" send the Sisters of the Good Samaritan to' teach in the "schools'they had erected. Two fit these gentlemen held the land till the appointment of father Dillon, and then they made it over to tbe Cburoh. The sohool itself ooet £700, and £300 have been spent in furniture and appliances. The land is valued at £800, making a total of £1800, with a debt remaining of £560. In one word, taking the two centres of labour, the convent costing £6500, the schools of St. AngnBtine £1300, and those of St. Joseph £1800, we may say safely that over £10,000 have been spent in the advancement of morality and religion in the district. And this money has, at least in part, been collected, I think I may say in great part, by the weekly subscriptions of the poorer OUBBSB, who,. together with their religion, have brought into this country that splendid generosity which is especial to tbe Irish people. I think, ladies and gentlemen, that I have now satisfied my imaginary Yorkshire friend; and I believe that even he would be constrained to admit that I have very good reason, indeed, for praising the Catholio workmen of Balmain. And now, if they will let me, I will tell a bit of my mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with regard to TH08E GREAT EVENTS WHICH ABi. CASTING THEIB DARK AND GLOOMY SHADOWS BEFORE. They say in the country that when a storm is coming of unusual violence, the animals become unusually quiet in the fields, and there seems to be a hush in nature till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, and the thunder bellows as the forked lightning flashes on every side and shivers and chars, and turns into ablack wreck the noblest tree of the forest. Though thiDgs cannot well be as bad as this, I will not conceal from you or from myself that there are signs in the heavens of that which of all things else in a free country is likely to produce such a storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I refer to tbe spirit of tyranny and persecution that seems as if it was about to be unchained. Am I not an Englishman standing here before the children of the Irish race? Have I not since the very first day I landed here, now well nigh six years ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you. And did I not tell you that our sympathies were welded together by bonds of ancient suffering, and that the thought ot what your people went through on one side of the channel, joined to the thought of the persecutions suffered by my own on the other—did I not say that this bound me to you with an unconquerable sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death ? And have I not, during these eix yearB that I have been your spokesman and your friend, proved to you tbat those words were NOT VAIN WOBDS, but that they were the expression of a hidden energy that has spent itself and will spend itself to the end in your service ? And did we not congratulate one with another that we had found a home in a bright and sunny land, where " no sorrow nor crying should be anymore;" and did we not think that though the past were painful, still we had put' 16,000 miles*of sea between ourselves and the scenes of ancient suffering and degradation ? Yes, we did. But, alas! have we not been too sanguine in our anticipations P What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home ? Because we preferred torture and death to acting against our conscience, and to be butchered and embowelled rather than allow those for whom we were responsible to be tampered with in their faith. We hoped that we had escaped from all forms of tyranny and persecution by coming so far away—where we were told that all were equal, and all were free. I hoped that by my kindness to you, and by standing up for you, and defending you, and showing sympathy and love to you, that I should in some way make up for all you had undergone at the hands of my own countrymen; and I did hope that they out here would only be too glad to join me and treat you with exceptional tenderness, especially with regard to your religion and your children, with the thought in their minds—with the burning consciousness of all cruel, monstrous wrongs that they had inflicted on you in the past. Bat all this seems to be a vain illusion—a dream from which we are to be aroused by about the most ingenious devised piece of SCIENTIFIC PERSECUTION that has been invented in modern times. The end of the more brutal form of persecution, and of the more cultivated is one—it is to destroy our holy religion. I believe. the scientific method is more effective, and I believe more odious, than the more expeditious way of tearing out the heart and bowels of a living and grown man. Here the plan is to strike at little children—at the helpless little children of the Catholic poor. Do you know that in the days of trial they had a special instrument for squeezing the life and blood out of those Catholics who declined to deny their God ? It was a kind of press, with a screw at the top. The Catholic man or woman was shoved into this press, just large enough to hold one; tbe top was forced down with the screw until it touched the head and back of the victim. Then the real operation began. By a slow, almost imperceptible process, the top was continually pushed further and further down till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and the whole body collapsed into a mangled, bleeding mass. This was called THE SCAVENGER'S DAUGHTER. Now, the modern Scavenger's Daughter is of a different construction. The Archbishop and Bishops have told you that the secularist system and-Bchools founded on that system, so far as Catholics are concerned, are " seedplots of future infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness," for they tend towards destroying the fullness of your Catholio faith, and hence your Catholic morality and reverenoe, and I am glad to see that the newspapers have been fixing that condemnation indelibly oh your minds by their continued and opportune quoldtion of the words of tbe Joint Pastoral. Well, using my private judgment in the choice of an expression,' I would call those schools " Scavenger's daughters," because they are tbe most, effective 1 instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually and almost imperceptibly the Catholio faith out. of'a Catholic people. I have said this before -in .other rwoids; the Bishops have spoken with me; the world knows' what our teaobing isit lias been printed and reprinted In every newspaper in town and country. It is a faet publicly established that Catholioe cannot in eonecienoe send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been in all the newspapers, that we object to sending olergymen to the public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues and tbe ointradiotion of creeds which is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, and I tbink I may pay boldly, spoken out as was our bounden duty, knowing M we did that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to our views. What has been the result 7 First of all, A HUBBICANE OF ABUSE AND " ENDLESS INSULT cast upon what is dearer to us than life itself, on our holy religion. As to those who have abused and insulted me personally, the worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they have the grace to become Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and cleariy to state our case. One thing I believe all will admit—that our case has been stated clearly, and is perfectly intelligible. Next Parliament meets. The outlines of the new education scheme are laid before the country. What are its provisions ? What is its drift ? There is one thing in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evidently attempts to meet the requirements of some large sections of the community. It not only implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also aims at answering some of their wants. The Church of England will have greater facilities for religious instruction; the Non-conformists mil have, it seems, all they want, so far as they are concerned; the League will have several concessions, partial compulsion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom of fees. I admire any attempt at meeting the wishes of large olasses. I am only too pleased when I sea my fellow-colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives them, as fathers and mothers, peace and happiness when tbey think of their children. I would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were tbey tyrannised over, or were their oonecientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of the new Bill solicits my respect. But tbis very quality whioh I admire as bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sense of grief and indignatinn when I reflect that Catholics exclusively are, in a studied move, apparently ignored, whilst IN BEALITX THEY ABE TSAMPLED ON. _ Working men cf Bilmain, I am addressing myself to you, Yoa love your religion better tban your life, if I may jndge from the past. You would rather die iban jeopardise the future Catholic prospects of your children. Yonr Churob and yonr Bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth—that yoa may not send your children to publio sohools. You are poor, working, honest, labouring men, getting your 35s a week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and respeotable as you are yourselves. In you I am addressing all tbe labouring Catholics in the colony. We Catholics represent some onethird—some say more Bome less—of the population. The next bill treats tenderly all tbe other sections. How does it treat you ? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagination, and Irishmen are not defioient in that, can you in yonr wildest moments imagine a single point in that bill whioh shows that you have been tbonght of with kindness and sympathy ? Have you not tbe painful consciousness that 80 far as this new soheme is oonoerned your case haB been ignored, whilst ell others have been thought of ? Show me one single point where there iB a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow of a sign, that respect has been felt for THE CONSCIENTIOUS CONVICTIONS OV ONE- THIRD OF THE' POPULATION of the great Catholio interest in this colony. Thought of 1 Yes, you have been thought of, you have not been ignored. It would seem to some tbat you have been unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that ihey 'might not, even by some inadvertent blander throw you some miserable shred of justice. And they have not kept you in view in vain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have, knowingly or unknowingly, Invented an instrument of scientific persecution exquisite in its per* feotion for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations under foot.. Working men of Balmain, let me explain myeelf. Yon have to live oh hard-earned wages, and you know the worth of'-'emaQ sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf from the. door. What does the hew bill do for yon, for the thousands of Catholic poor? Does it sympathise with your poverty,arid encourage your sturdy faith, and sooth your hard lif9 by giving your ohildren a chance of being inBtruou'd in' secular .knowledge, and being' brought up thorough Catholics 1' I WILL TELL YOU IN A FEW WOBDS WHAT K. • DOES FOB YOU. If. it could speak it would Bay—though, its framers may not mean it—it would; say :—... " I am a modern monstrosity so co'ntrived.aa to; flatter all sections: of the cammanitjp. except the Soman Catholio. These miserable : creatures must be got rid, of somehow,.brtt , first of all they must be kicked and insuttt#*!>. My predecessor, born , in 1866, was a 4ait specimen of persecution /or that day, bat W» O are older now, and have advanced further. j into light. That bill forced thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich, too, to pay - for the Vacation of other people's children, in schools they could not use themselves. But I am an Improvement on that. I am going to build great Grammar schools for boys, and the Catholics shall pay equally with those who use them for thooe also. Palaces for girls shall also be established, where girls shall leara to be discontented possibly with their home and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot use these, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their burden here as well. To this I mean to add about THE HOST EXQUISITE IXSOIiT POSSIBLE, that )h to have eucu Public Mihool, having bo many children, foiui«be>> with a cl«6E-room Wliioh Catholics cannot tisn. In this classroom all the vanone denominations whose Very existence is a protestauatnst the Catholic religion, shall ti-ach their various creeds, and •8 a necespary conBtqienee condemn the faitb of Catholics, so that Catholics will be payiog for the very buildings in which, day after day, aod hour after hour, their religion is, or may be denounced in terms well-known to all ? To this >nr.nlt, perfeot in its kind, I am goir g to itdd AN IN J OKI EQUALLY rKRFECT IN ITS NATURE. Hasii g i|2Dor>d every tingle just demand, having made the Catholics pay, as has been described, I then carry the war into the enemies camp. They still btve ;Denominational schools, they iovo them, they are proud of them, tbey erected tbem at great expense—th^se I tuesn toknookon the head. Fi r, since Ca 1 .holies are (be poorest seoiion of the coaunui iiy, and since their small means ore forced from tbem to PAT FOB THE EDUCATION OF OTHEB people's CBILDSEN, how will they be able, poor as they are, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own as well as those of others ? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees ? They may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their ' b:ith of f-upernatural light,' and if they do not become infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts —and anything, even a blackfellow, is better than a Papist." Such is the language in which the new bill, so far as I know anything of it, speaks to ine. I do not mean to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter the intentions of legislation. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the hill, to any intelligent man who has ears to hear, and lo every intelligent Catholic who has a soul and a heart beating in his body. It is A MODERN MONSTEOSITY of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned; and I believe every fairmi uded man in the community will sympathise with us, assist us to preserve our freedom of conscience, and to obtain our just and self-evident rights. Why should we alone be ignored ? Why should our cry not bo heard ? Why should Catholics, and only Catho'ics be trampled on, and insulted iu the way that I have described ? We do not stand in the w«y of others; we rejoice when they are happy; when they can feel that their children are doing well, it is true pleasnre to us. What pleasure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, and are as outcasts of the people ? What pleasure, in thiB nineteenth century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, as will be produced if that bill beoomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not believe that the majority, the sound portion of the community, will stand by silently and not support us in our just struggle for liberty and fair-play. Tou, working men of Balmain—you, Catholics of this oniony, to whom my voice or my words will reach— BE TBUE TO YOUBSELVE8 IN THIS GBEAT CRISIS. Your religion, the one dearest thing in life, is at stHke. If your children are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools they oannot become thorough Catholic men; and a Catholio who is not thorough in his faith is generally the father of a line of indifferentists and apostates. And you, my own English countrymen, who love fair play and a just measure, why not join me in your own way in seeing justice done P One of you has already Kent his generous subscription of £5, and most kiud letter to Father Dillon. I sepm to see many of you round me, if I mistake not. Let me enlist your sympathy in behalf of a righteous cause. Tour hearts are true and stout, I know ; and you cannot stand by and not join the weaker side in supporting its just rights against what will be, as you know, a terrific tyrauny and oppression. As for myself, it is my vocation, end my most solemn duty to defend and preserve the faith of my people. In me it would be no heroism to lay down my life in itB defence, or to spill my blood out of love for my flock. That is my profession as a soldier's is to go to war and to risk his life for his Queen and country. ItET SOT THE WOULD THINK THAT THE CATHO- 120 FAITH OAU BE BLOTTED OUT. by any instrument however modem and subtle in its operation. It has lived 1800 years and more, and it will abide to the very end- It is my part, during my short epau, to proteot it; and I hope, by God's graoe, to spend my life and strength and such little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remember, Union is strength, and' Perseverance alone is crowned. Let us unite, let us persevere, aud in the end we shall be placed on an equality with our fellow-colonist-", and be puttered to bring up Githolio children thorough Catholics, without being deprived for doing .so of our just help for secular instruction. We are strong in numbers, our cause is a righteous one; and' let (us use every legitimate means for bringing it to ft victorious issue. His grace was frequently heartily cheered daring the coarse of his address, and when he oonoladed three ringing cheers were given in his favoar. Mr. O'Connor, M.L.&., followed, and expressed the belief that there was a very dark time coming in this colony, in which there would be a great straggle, not between Catholicism and Protestantism, but between Christianity and Infidelity. With regard to tbe educational measure referred to by Archbishop Vaugbao, it should be remembered that it had not yet passed the Legislature, but bad merely been conoeived by one whose ingenuity was only equalled by his hatred of Catholicism. There were, however, Protestants in tbe Legislative Assembly who were a oredit to humanity, and who would not lend their sanction to this tyrannical measure, and he had no doubt that tbe Catholios would triumph in the end, as they deserved to do. (Cbeerr). The Bisbop of Armidale also delivered a short addresB, in the course of which he characterised the new Educational bill as an unjust measure in its effect upon the Catholio portion of the community, and trusted that tbe Legislature would yet see the justice of permitting tbe Catholios to exercise their freedom to the full. Tbe ceremony of laying and blessing the foundation-stone was then performed by the Archbishop. During the proceedings contributions were solicited in aid of the building fund with such success that £406 7s. 6d. was obtained, principally in sumB of £2 and under. 