THE LAST OF HER LINE. CHAPTER III. After the importation of the mine workers, her life became more secluded than ever. She seldom left the grounds around the house. The large, thickly shaded yard which was less a garden than a kind of small grass-park, gave her plenty of room for her languid strolls in the cool of the day, and this was all she cared for. The outside world had little charm for her. There were the books in the antiquated library, and when she was not engaged in her attendance upon her grandfather, she could always spend her leisure amongst them, reading nothing more modern than Fielding or Richardson, and ignorant that there was anything more interesting. But one day, she met with a little adventure. Going down to her favourite haunt under the trees, which shaded and cooled the spring, and which was one of the household's most valuable possessions, she found a book lying upon the grass. Having picked it up, nothing was more natural than to turn to the fly-leaf, and upon it she found written, ' Donald Ferris.' She read the name very calmly, and without the least tinge of interest She was no more interested in Donald Ferris than in the dozens of other people who were fond of strolling to ' Duchesne Spring ' for a refreshing drink on the hot summer evenings. The water was the coolest and clearest in the neighbourhood, and, despite the fact that it lay within the boundary fence, was frequently visited by the scattered population. It was not at all out of the ordinary run of common events that a stranger should have been there. But if she was not interested in Donald Ferris, Griselda was sufficiently interested in his book, to sit down and look over it ; and it was not long before the looking over became something else. She began to read it. It was a modern volume, a love story, and not at all a ponderous affair either ; quite a simple description of a couple of emotional people, who loved and lost and found each other again, after some strong pangs and heart aches. It was well told, and fresh, and life-like ; the characters were moved by natural emotions, and stirred to natural follies, and consequently after Clarissa — Miss Clarissa Harlowe, and her rather slow retirement from this vale of tears, and her slight tendency to be mildly reproachful towards her decidedly unpleasant relatives, it was a revelation. Griselda quite forgot herself in her perusal of it. Her colour came and went, and soft tears rose in her eyes. She was all the more readily moved, you see, because this was her first experience of the kind. If she had read modern novels all her life, she would possibly only have said of this one that it was ' very nice.' As it was, however, she read on until she was roused by footsteps upon the path close to her - the footsteps of a man, who walked quickly and well, and with admirable firmness and spring. Looking up, she saw Mr. Donald Ferris. A more modem and experienced young lady might have felt a shade of embarrassment— just a touch. Not so Griselda Duchesne. She closed her book and stood upright, returning his deferential uncovering with her prim, sweet little bow. " I found your book, and have been reading it," she said. " I saw your name, and supposed you had dropped or left it." She held it out to him. But he did not make any move to take it. He simply waved his hand lightly. " I hope you will finish it," he said. " I am glad you found it. Do you thing it good ?" " I am not a judge of such things, only I never read anything like it before, and it has interested me very much. I have only read such things as ' Pamela,' and ' Clarissa Harlowe', and ' Sir Charles Grandison. ' This is quite new to me, and I like it best, I think." " Pray finish it then," he returned. "The fact is, that it is better than most books of its class. It is neither sentimental nor sensational, which is really saying much in these degenerate days. Keep it, I beg you." " Thank you," she began, " but — " Courteous as he was, his own air stiffened at sight of her hesitancy. " I have read it to the last word myself," he said. " It is of no value at all. I did not return for it, but to try the water again, if you will allow me." And he produced a small silver cup from his pocket, and bent over the spring, thus somewhat summarily ending the discussion. Griselda stood and looked at him gravely. " I hope you will come as often as you choose," she said. " We consider the spring almost public property." Then she became conscious of the fact that he had a smile, which was sweet and yet manly ; for he smiled, as he said : - " Thank you." He did not encroach upon her graciousness by lingering. He only remained long enough to say one thing. " My mother and sisters, who arrived last week, find themselves rather desolate. The life here is quite new to them, and it is natural they should feel the change. If you had leisure to kindly give them an hour or so, occasionally, they would feel it as a generous kindness." He saw that she shrank within herself in an instant. " I do not visit at all," she said. " It is impossible for me, at present, though it is very kind in you to put it in that way. You are very good," the touch of stateliness, getting the better of her again. Each went their separate ways then and that same night Harold Duchesne, finding a strange volume on a table, called upon Griselda for an explanation as usual. " It does not belong to us, surely ?" he said. " We have nothing so new." Griselda, who stood at the window gazing out at the moonlit sky, did not even turn her head, as she answered him. " It belonged to Mr. Donald Ferris, grandpapa, and he gave it to me." The old gentleman almost dropped it, in his momentary feeling of wondering horror. " Ferris ?" he exclaimed. " Mr. Ferris ! Griselda— impossible !" And even Griselda's simply-given explanation did not seem to render the matter clear to him. " It was a little presuming in him to venture such a thing," he said, testily. We know nothing of him." The pale little face showed, all at once, a curiously decided expression. " No," said Griselda, " he was not presuming ; not in the least," but added no more. It was ordained, however, so it seemed, that she should go further, and the next little episode which occurred threw her into the very camp of the enemy. On Sunday morning, a few weeks afterwards, as the Ferris family were on their way to the country church, they passed, as their light carnage rolled over the rough road, a girl and an elderly negro woman, at the sight of whom Donald uttered an important ejaculation, which attracted his mother's attention. " Is it some one you know ?" she asked. " It is Miss Duchesne and her servant," he answered. And she is attempting what is beyond her strength. A mile and a half under a sun like this would be too much for any delicate woman and she has only lately recovered from an illness." Mrs. Ferris leaned backward, and lowering her parasol, looked out from behind it with a kindly, keen, maternal eye. The colourless, purely outlined, grave young face she saw was of a very different style to the fresh bloom of her own two fair healthy girls, but it appealed at once to some gentle, generous sense within her. it touched her just as it had tonched her son. " She ought to be at home," she said, even a little anxiously. " It is too much for her. She has no mother, I am sure. Duchesne, did you say ?" Mildred Ferris, who had been looking out from under her parasol also, suddenly became aroused to quite an excited interest. " Donald," she exclaimed, " is it possible it is that queer, proud Griselda Duchesne we have heard so much of ?" I must look at her again. She is the strangest little creature, mother, living all alone in a big empty house, with an old black nurse, and a last century general - who isn't a general at all- for a grandfather. They were terribly important and rich before the war and they would no more condscend to mingle with us than they would condescend to pick pockets." Mrs Ferris glanced at her son, whose eyes were fixed, with a kind of restive sympathy, upon the slight white figure they had left behind. " Is it Griselda Duchesne, Donald ? " she ventured. " Yes," he answered. " It is Griselda Duchesne." They had been at the church for some time when she came in, her pallor making her look like a little ghost. She herself had now realised that she had attempted too much.. The weakness she thought she had overcome had returned to her ; tbe heat and fatigue combined had thoroughly worn her out. She began to wish she had retained Mammy Miranda, who had gone to her ' own meetin.' Donald Ferris knitted his brows again when he saw her, and his mother moved restlessly. " She will become ill again," she was saying inwardly. " It is plain that she has broken down." It was plain, indeed, and became plainer as the service began. Two people, at least, saw that her hands shook, and that she found it impossible to stand until the first hymn was finished. At its close, Donald Ferris bent forward and spoke to his mother in a rapid undertone. " She is going to faint. What shall we do ?" He knew she would understand his feelings ; she always understood him and there never was any need for elaborate explanations between them. Her eyes met his, and then she rose and went forward, with a quick, soft, sweeping movement, and had just reached the seat Griselda Duchesne occupied, when the poor child rose up, white and faltering, a singular sense of terror upon her. " My child," whispered the elder woman, softly. " My child," as if she had been her own daughter. And then she caught the swaying figure as it sank forward. CHAPTER IV. They carried Griselda out, as soon as possible and laid her upon the cushioned seat of their carriage, as it stood in the shade. Ferns himself brought water and gave it to her, while his mother held the girl's head upon her arm. But the swoon was an obstinate and prolonged one ; so prolonged that there was only one thing to be done, to drive her to the nearest house, which was their own. Ferris took the reins himself in his impatience, and when they reached home carried her to a large, cool room, filled with Indian matting and light bamboo furniture. " She is a mere feather-weight," he said, indignantly, as he laid her down upon the flowered cushions of that wide sofa. He was indignant because she had not been cared for more tenderly. " Mother," he said, " look at her. It is barbarous that she should have been left to herself, and allowed to go out on such a day." The mother looked at her tenderly enough. She saw her now, as it were, in detail ; the long, upcurled lashes, the small, fine hands, the delicate oval of face, the short, close curls her late illness had left. " I should like to hear all about her, as soon as you have time to tell me," she said, holding the little hand in her own. " Her face looks as if she has not lived as other girls do." It was some time before Griselda returned to consciousness and when she did, she saw Mrs. Ferris first. " It was you who came to me," she said. " I should have fallen, if you had not. You were very kind to me, madam." Being so far relieved from her uneasiness, Mrs. Ferris found herself smiling, though perhaps, more inwardly than outwardly. Under the same circumstances Mildred would probably have burst into tears, and have been a little hysterical, and a little gratefully effusive. Doubtless, Elinor would have done the same thing. But Griselda Duchesne, who was two or three years younger than either, had awakened to perfect self-possession, and a certain degree of staid readiness of speech and dignity. In a minute or so more, she was trying to rise to her feet, and even managed to do so, though with manifest tremor and uncertainty. Seeing it, Ferris advanced to intervene at once. " We must beg of you to be still," he said. " You must not attempt to stand yet." " I - I cannot stand," she faltered, and sank backwards, her dark eyes appealing to them both. Mrs. Ferris stood over her and petted her in a strong, capable sort of way. Mother and son were much alike in their strength of character as well as in personal appearance. The firm, well shaped, white hand, which was laid on Griselda's shoulder, was wonderfully suggestive of Ferris' own. " You must let us take care of you, my child," said the kind, steady voice. Ferris left the room, and presently returned, hat in hand. " If there is anything you wish said to General Duchesne \- any message you would like me to deliver - " Griselda uttered a little cry. " Oh ! do not go, if you please. I am not so ill as that. I must go home myself." But the other two exchanged glances. " You cannot go today," said Mrs. Ferris. " You are not as strong as you think. As I said ust now, you must let us care for you." The girl had never been in such hands before. She looked from one to the other, and somehow vaguely felt that she was disposed of. Even if she had been stronger, it would have been unlike her to protest, so she remained silent. Left alone with her, Mrs. Ferris began to understand the comments Mildred had made. It was not easy to manage the child, young as she was. Evidently she preferred silence to conversation, so the matron was discreet enough to leave her to herself. " Only it was like sitting watching a little ghost," she said afterwards, whimsically. " She does not belong to your world, girls, nor to mine. She has lived a century before us." Her grandfather came in a great flutter of annoyance, rubbing his hands nervously. " I am really very sorry, Griselda," he said, after his private interview with Mrs. Ferris. " This is very pleasant indeed. I am afraid you will inconvenience these people and necessarily this places us under great obligations to them. I really hope you will make an effort to recover as soon as possible." Something not entirely unlike terror shone in Griselda's eyes, as she regarded him. " Am I to stay ?" she said. " I thought - I meant to have gone home with you." " You will be obliged to remain for a day or two," replied her grandfather testily. " This Mrs. Ferris, who is a very decided person, informs me that your condition is more critical than we imagined. It is very unfortunate." Griselda was even more silent when her grandfather had departed - so silent, indeed, that Mildred and Elinor found her a trifle mysterious, and sat apart conversing in undertones, while she lay upon the sofa with closed eyes, around which faint dark shadows showed themselves. " One cannot do anything with her," said Elinor. " It is just as people told us." But towards night Ferris did something with her. He sat down at the piano and played for an hour without speaking, and when he got up, he found her eyes opened and fixed upon him while her hands clasped themselves tensely upon her breast. He made no remark, however, but seated himself near her and began to talk to her, and the music having affected her in such a way as rendered her mood more receptive, she found, now and then, answers for him, and from first to last a sensitive attention. She did not regain her strength immediately, as she fancied she would. For a few days she was astonishingly weak, and so was obliged to remain where she was. In that time, however, she was secretly surprised to find herself becoming resigned, as it were. Carefully as she was tended, she was never intruded upon, and found no necessity for shrinking within herself, as she was too often disposed to do. When they began to comprehend the situation, Mildred and Elinor veered suddenly from a rather indifferent indecision to a decided interest and predilection. Indeed their mother found some entertainment and spice, in observing how they at last plunged into voluble girl-talk, with perfect good faith and innocence. " It will do her no harm to be talked to about dresses and fadorers, and it will do them no harm to find themselves checked by her sublime ignorance," she said. She was right, as usual. Griselda listened, somewhat uncomprehendingly, but with perfect graciousness ; now and then her youth asserted itself in a momentary lnterest. The grandeur of the outside world scarcely fascinated her, but its novelty aroused her somewhat, and set her thinking of possibilities. " Donald," said Mildred, catching her brother by the arm, and regarding him with solemn eyes, " she had absolutely never been to the opera, or to a theatre, or even to a concert. She was only a child when the war broke out, and ever since she has lived just like a nun. Donald," continued Mildred, " I would give absolute worlds, if she would invite us to go and see her, but she won't, I know she won't. She is so queer and reticent." They could not quite overcome Griselda's reticence, but there was some suggestion of change manifest in her when she went away. She was quiet and grave yet, somehow less quiet and grave than she had been at first, and though the girl's farewell kisses surprised her into a faint flush, she received them with a very sweet submissiveness. " There is no knowing, however, whether to ask her to come again or not," said Mildred. " Of course one can hardly do anything else, and yet she has not said a word, to imtimate that she would like to know us better." But the mother - excellent and wise woman - bravely seized upon the horns of the dilemma. " My dear," she said, with the firm, light hands on the slight shoulders, " because you are so much alone, and have no mother, I must keep a little hold upon you. I shall come to see you, now and then, and give you orders about taking care of yourself." Then Ferris drove her home, but when he bade her goodbye, he said nothing of any hope of seeing her again. " Do not forget that my mother begged you not to overrate vour strength," he said. " She understands these matters so well, and she is convinced you have no power to spare at present." Then he pointed to a package he had brought in and laid upon the table. " There are a few books there I think you will like," he said." 'Mildred and my mother gathered them together." He went away after this, and Griselda was left with General Duchesne, who, having been neglected so long, was out of humour. " Well," he said, " I am glad that is over. Such an intimacy scarcely becomes us." He was rather taken back at Griselda's reply, not unlike the one he had received a few weeks before, when Griselda had stood at the window and looked out at the moonlit night. " Grandpapa," she said, " we have made one mistake, at least. They are ladies and gentlemen." CHAPTER V. Ferris went home and talked to his mother. He told her the whole story of the Duchesnes, as far as he knew it, and he ended with a vexed and anxious air. " And now I am afraid that there is even worse to come. The money they have received might, if it were sensibly used, be the means of restoring to them much of what they have lost ; but yesterday - think of the madness of such a thing - I heard a rumour that some rascal has persuaded Duchesne into speculating with it. It is said that he has bought plantations down in Mississippi, and left them to be managed by these men. If that is true, he is ruined." " Are you sure of that ?" asked his mother. Ferris shrugged his shoulders, as he walked to and fro across the room. " It is one of those miserable new plantations, which, of course, is in the hands of the wrong men — a lot of scoundrels who are bent more upon making money out of others than cotton off their land, and who are too sharp for an unsophisticated old aristocrat, whose day is past." " Can nothing be done ?" " Nothing - unless I find it is not too late to warn him, and even that will amount to nothing, I am afraid. He would be more likely to regard me as an impudent and officious ' Yankee,' than not." " But you will run the risk ?" " Yes, certainly." " For Griselda's sake ? With gentle suggestiveness, her anxious, maternal eyes scanned his face. " I would do it for him, and — in a low, decided tone - " I would do it doubly for Griselda's sake." It was a little curious how they both called her ' Griselda,' and spoke of her as if they had known her for years. There was no sense of unfamiliarity between them when they came to Griselda. For a very few moments, Ferris came and threw himself at full length, upon the couch at his mother's side. He folded his hands beneath his head, and so lying, spoke again in the same decided and low voice. " You understand my feelings ? " he said. " Yes," with the most sympathetic possible inflection. " Quite." " I felt sure you would, particularly after you had seen her. She attracted me from the first day. I was touched and interested, and since then I have found myself drifting almost insensibly into a curious sentiment. The end of it all is this : I must teach her to return my feelings, if I can, and I shall not give up soon.' For the first time in her life, Mammy Miranda was inclined to tolerate the new element, when Mrs. Ferris drove up to the old house, to pay her visit to Griselda. A woman who wore a simple dress, who had white hands and a gracious presence, who did not show a shade of astonishment at the general bareness of the house and who also had the good taste to appreciate choice breeds of Brahmas and Cochin Chinas, was not so bad upon the whole. " You ought ask her to stay fo' dinner," she hinted to Griselda, with grim condescension. " It wouldn't do no harm, 'n it'd look kinder the right thing. Them No'thun people don't live high : no hot biscuit, nor waffles, nor nothin'- cold bread and sech all the time, Tempy Thomas was a'telling me. Bless you ! they isn't used to livin' as we is, Miss Griselda." After this, there came, in the course of time, Mildred and Elinor, and now and then, though rarely, Ferris himself. Griselda found herself taken possession of, and was privately surprised when her first reluctance melted away. The girls adored her, because they found her somewhat difficult to understand, and she, in turn, slowly developed a reticent, sensitive affection for them. Upon the whole, they were rather inclined to treat her as if she had been a child, admiring and caressing her, and making wondrous efforts to amuse her and excite her interest. Coming in upon them unexpectedly, one day, Ferris found them standing about her in great delight, over the effect of a fanciful costume they had dressed her in. It was one Mildred had worn at a masque ball ; a stiff, grey silk, thickly strewn with single crimson carnations ; this, with lace sleeves, frills and kerchief, carnation satin petticoat, and little nob cap, and the effect of the whole costume upon the delicate figure and fine small face was such that any artist might have delighted in it. The way in which she turned, too, as Ferris entered, her slender hands hanging lightly folded before her, was indescribably sweet, and innocently grave and calm, without any touch of embarrassment or trepidation. " Ah ! Donald, look at her," cried Mildred. " As if she had worn it always, you know," said Elinor, and it was not a fancy dress at all. So few people look as if they belong to their fancy dresses. One always secretly imagines they must have stolen them." And then both walked round her in a circle, their ecstasy growing as they looked. " There is a dress something like it in an old chest at home," said Griselda, in her quiet, young voice. " It is all faded and moth-eaten. It belonged to a lady, Abigail Hyde, who married a Duchesne in the old colonial days." Ferris stood apart, and watched her with tender, eager eyes. He could only watch her all the evening. Because the two girls were so eager, she consented to wear the dress until she went home, and it was pleasant enough to sit and watch her move gently here and there. " It is Lady Abigail Hyde," said Mildred, " and we have gone back to good old colony times. God save the King." Ferris drove her home that night, and having assisted her to alight, and accompanied her fo the house, contrary to his usual custom, followed her in. " I have something of importance I wish to say to the general," he said. She opened the parlour door, and then drew back. " He is alone," she answered simply, and went away. She went into an adjoining room, and leaned out of the open window. It was a clear, moonlight night and she was in a happier and calmer mood than she had experienced for many a day. The new friendship had been good for her, in more ways than one. The effects produced by it had been thoroughly healthy ones. She had been cared for affectionately, and treated as a girl should be, with constant regard for her youth. She was beginning to forget her poor childish pride and hauteur, and feel something of pleasure in her contact with the world outside the desolate old house. " They are kind to me," she said to herself in a soft undertone. " They were kind even when I tried to repel them, and hold myself aloof. I am ashamed to remember how cold and proud I was." She was just saying this to herself, when her attention was attracted by the sound of her grandfather's voice, issuing from the window of the next room. He was speaking angrily, and his words fell distinctly upon her ear. " I have asked no advice, sir, and I will accept none, I am an old man but l have spirit enough to conduct my affairs without assistance. The Duchesnes, sir," he said in his grandest manner, " are not in the habit of submitting their intentions for the comment of every uninterested stranger." Ferris' answer was too low to be heard but its tone was evidently a calm one, and its very calmness seemed to rouse the general to greater ire, and more offended dignity." " Sir, I have given you my reply. I require no further - \- I - really, I must beg of you to withdraw." Griselda rose, clasping her hands tightly together, in distress. " Something has gone wrong," she 'said. " Something has made him very angry." There were a few more sentences, whose purport she could not distinguish, and then she heard Ferris' footsteps in the hall. She stepped quickly to the door, and confronted him, her face pale, her eyes full of anxiety. He was pale also, but his pallor was from suppressed feeling. " Griselda ! " he said, suddenly. " I heard," she said. " Come in, if you please." He obeyed her in silence, but once inside, with her troubled, upturned face before him, he lost some little of his self-control. " I wonder if I ought to say goodbye to you," he said. " I cannot ask you not to do so, after what I have heard," she said, tremulously, " but he is very old and he has known so much pain and trouble." Somehow or other, he gained possession of both her hands, and held them." " It ought to be goodbye," he said, with some impetuous bitterness, " but my self- respect is actually not as strong as \- my love, Griselda." The words seemed to leap from his lips, and utter themselves in spite of him. Discretion told him the next instant, that he had spoken too soon and too suddenly. It was as if he had awakened her abruptly from a calm dream. Her hands fell away from his grasp, as she started backwards and a deep flush stained her white skin, dying out the next moment, and leaving her paler than before. But she did not speak at all. Having made his false step, however, he must go on. " The last blunder is worse than the first," he said. " I see that, but I cannot unsay my words. They must stand as they are. I have been guilty of a presumption, and a man's love is a fixed fact, Griselda, if the man is worthy of a moment's thought. The beginning and the end is, that I love you ! " " I am sorry," she said. That was all. She was Griselda Duchesne again, involuntarily ruled by certain rapid memories and fancies, some would say prejudices, that would be better forgotten. He had really done her a kind of wrong, in rousing within her this sudden, momentary repulsion. " I am not," he answered. " And yet it is hardly fortunate for me at present. Do you think you can forgive me ?" She drew herself erect, and replied to him, with the faint suggestion of hauteur he knew so well. " There is no need for you to ask that." " No," he said, in generous repentance. " There was no need. But you see, mine is the ' lost cause,' Griselda, and I I am oddly a very masculine man." He extended his hand, and she gave him hers, coldly and impassively. He held it for a moment, while he gave her a long appealing look. " General Duchesne will tell you how I have offended him," he said. " But when he tells you, remember that I had a reason for my officiousness. Goodnight - or, perhaps, good-bye." To Be Concluded. 