THE NEWTOWN GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—In to-day^ issue you noticed the freaks of some practical joker in Hermitage [ road, who amuses himself by " playing ! ghost." I think I can indicate to you who | the individual is, and so lay the ghost. Ten I days ago, between 11 and 12 one night, as I was going along Hermitage road, accom panied by my wife and her sister, we heard ] someone .scramble over a fence at the corner of Retreat.road. He stopped a few moments, then made straight for us, and stopped so that Mrs W. had - to step behind me to pass him. ■ *1 looked him full in the face, and he slnnk on down the road in a very sheepish fashion. * Onr impression was that he thought it was two ladies only (I was dressed in dark clothes and they in light), and came over with the intention of speaking to them. I was close enough to recognise Him, and will know him again when I see him. He is most probably the same a3 the chostlv -I am, etc., AT. Isewtown, 29th January, 1879. We are pleased to give publicity to tbe following, which appears in the Melbourne correspondence of the Ballarat Courier:— As one of the " curiosities of colonial litera ture," it i3 not unworthy of remark that a series of the most taking and popular pro ductions that have ever been penned by a colonial writer and published in a colonial journal, should have been "declined" by the newspaper to which they were first offered, and only published after consider able hesitation by the one in which they actually appeared, and to the readers of which they have afforded so much combined pleasure and instruc tion. I allude to the able series of sketches recently appearing from time to time in the Argue under the heading of " Branches from the Mail Boute," by Mr J. Uingston, the latest and one bf the most brilliant of which appeared on Saturday last. Their refusal by the journal to which they were offered in the first instance, is said to be now looked back upon with no inconsiderable regret by the proprietor of that paper, while the looker-on is involuntarily reminded of the decision of the country journalist who declined "Gray's Elegy" with thankB, as "not quite np to our standard." 