? Adelaide playgoers had an opportunity on Saturday night, August 2, of welcoming/again to our boards one whoi^ old stagers will remember with pleasure as Miss fiose Kdouin, but who has been for some years Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis. She began her engagement here under some disadvantages, as_ the evening was anything but an inviting one to persons who pick and choose in the - matter of weather, and she comes at the close of a very successful season, during which those who patronise the Theatre have largely attended the performances of Mr. George Bignold. Consequently the house was not so well attended as we might have expected under better circumstances, but from Mrs. Lewis's wellknown ability we feel confident that she will not be long in ingratiating herself with the lovers of the drama. The play in which Mrs. Lewis made her debut is the historical drama of " Jane Shore," from the pen of Mr. W. G. Wills, the iitle-role of which she has had the honour of presenting for the first time to Australians, having purchased the right of producing the drama in these colonies and New Zealand. We gave a short sketch of the plot in our issue of Saturday. Mr, Wills has chosen a subject which gives plenty scope to the dramatist, and has produced an. excellent play,: though one which awakens a mournful rather than a pleasing interest. The leading characters are well drawn, the action progresses in an easy and equable manner, and there are some remark* ably good situations. We have only too many dramas in representation which paint the life of kings' favourites in bright and alluring colours ; but in the case of this goldsmith's wife we have a glimpse of one who bad only a brief lease of power, and the light is thrown rstrongly upon a different side of .the picture, the misery which followed upon her short reign and her agony on failing to regain the ^confidence of her husband being particularly emphasized. The part of Jane Shore as given in the drama isa somewhat monotonous one to interpret. Yery little is seen of the unfortunate woman during her time of power, a passing glance only being vouchsafed, showing how little that power had been abused, when her fate is suddenly changed by the announcement that the King is dead. Those whom she had befriended then turn their backs upon her, the beggirs she had assisted retire slowly from her presence. She is cast out of the palace, and finding herself at liberty returns to her old home, only to meet her husband relentlessly unforgiving, and be disappointed and maddened at discovering that her child is dead. She is sent for by the Duke of Gloster, who proposes to her first to, become his mistress, and secondly to declare the young Princes in the tower illegitimate. Befusing both proposals with scorn, she is ^ first paraded through the streets as a witch, and then cut oS from human succour by the order of the Duke for divulging his plot against the young Princes' lives. Mrs. Lewi3 gave a very powerful rendering of the part of the goldsmith's wife. In her own reception-room, when the Queen enjoins the Prince of Wales to hate her as the enemy of bis mother, and where she pleads that the boy's young heart may not be embittered .against her, she was easy and natural. In the scene-where she returns home and entreats forgiveness without avail- a&ber; husband's hands the grief of the repedtant wife was powerfully depicted, mingled as it was with a fearful anxiety as to the whereabouts of her child; and the collapse which she receives, the news - that the child is dead, was also shown with < much effect. In the interview with the Doke of Gloster, Jane Shore's undisguised contempt for the man and his proposals, and the Bcora'wfith which she refuses to slander the name of a chaste queen, were vividly brought out, as. was her spirited denunciation of the 'tyrant, and his plans and her appeal to the people of England to rescue the Princes .in the Tower. In the last act the interest is well maintained, the misery of the unfortunate creature, compelled to walk the streets in the snow, with the punishment of treason levelled against any who gave her sustenance, being strikingly shown. husbaind whose confidence she had won back by .-"deserving the pity of Heaven" is represented as slain by the soldiers while trying to reaoh-lier side, and on that the curtain falls; bat the denouement is somewhat unsatisfactory, as must frequently happen in historical plays. Mrs. Lewis was called for at the close of each act, and received the hearty plaudits of the audience.' Mr. F. Thorne, who has come to. Addaide to support Mrs. Lewis, appeared as the blunt, stouthearted English baker (John Grist), who befriends the heroine when all others have turned their backs upon her, and eventually sacrifices his life by coming to her rescue with bread when she is being starved under the guardianship of the soldiery. Mr. 'Thorne thoroughly sustained the reputation . l^e "has brought with him of being a really good comedian. The remainder of the characters were well represented, the play going very smoothly. Mr. JR. W. Lawrence appeared as the Duke of Gloster, a part requiring a good deal of study. Mr. W. J. Holloway gave a very good rendering of Shore; Miss Carry George made a good Queen Elizabeth; Mr. Martin appeared as Lord Gootes; and Mr. Beynolds as Castesby. The play of "Jane Shore" will be repeated this evening. D'ABCY BEAD'S GHOSTS.—There was a good attendance at White's Booms on Saturday evening, when Mr. D'Arcy Bead's spectral illusions proved a source of great amusement and wonderment to those present. Frequent applause was given during the performance, and at the close there was a distribution of gifts, one of the spectators becoming the possessor of a gold watch. 