THE A.A. EXAMINATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR,--I road with very great satisfaction an article which appeared some time ago in your paper on the subject of examinations for the degree of A.A., and the mode of awarding prizes to the successful competitors. That article excited considerable attention at the time of its appearance, and this attention has not been relaxed, in connection with the general question I desire to call to your notice, ere it be too late a monstrous absurdity and injustice which will, to a certainty, be perpetrated, under the orders of the Council of Education at the A.A. examination next month, unless some steps be immediately taken to prevent such a result. The absurdity and injustice are those. Whereas in English, Greek, Latin, Mathematics, subjects which carry high marks, it was thought necessary to postpone the examination for three months, in order to obtain a thoroughly accomplished and long practised examiner, and one who, from being a non- resident, is, as far as may be, excluded from all suspicion of favouritism (Dr. Bromby, of Mel- bourne) in other subjects, c. g., French, Italian, German (a knowledge of which languages, or at least of French and Gorman, I consider infinitely more important than that of Latin and Greek), examiners are selected, who have never given any public evidence of special capacity to examine, who are all resident in Tasmania, and who are, therefore, open to suspicion of favouritism. The opinion I here express is one shared by every- one to whom I have spoken on the subject, whether pupils, parents, or teachers. It is probably too late to import examiners for the coming examination, but it is certainly not impossible to follow the practice of former years, viz., to got some extra colonial exports to set the papers, and then to forward the answers to them for their award. The absurdity of employing amateur examiners was, I should have thought, sufficiently borne in upon the Council of Education some years ago, when they found Examiner A. setting a paper in music which none but a thorough musician could answer, and Examiner B. setting a paper in Italian which an ordinary child of 10 years could have answered one of B.'s questions was, "How many letters are there in the Italian alphabet and though I don't suspect the local examiners for next month of equal facility to that of A. and B., I and a very large number of persons view with anything but satisfaction the appointment of gentlemen to examine who are known to be utterly raw and now to the work they will have to do. A large sum of money is annually dis- bursed from the public chest on these examinations, and the public have a right to know that their money produces the best result pro- curable. If some alteration in the programme is not made, the public will not be satisfied oven on financial grounds, But a far more serious question than the money one remains. A strong and most disagreeable idea is beginning to show itself that a "ring" is gradually forming; that the time is near when examiners, if local, will not deal out indifferent justice, but will be at least inclined to favour those candidates who may be supposed to represent the gentlemanly interest." The dictum about Caesar's wife is somewhat musty, but however unfounded and unworthy the suspicion may be it exists, and if by any means whatever it can be crushed out, such means must be adopted. If otherwise, it needs no ghost to tell us this, that our educational system, so far as the Council of Education is concerned, will be an abortion and condemned, and that one of the fairest proa poets of intellectual culture and progress over painted in this or any country will be sponged out. With your permission I shall revert to this subject. Yours, etc., A jMETIS. 