Hy< lnc.y. (from our own correspondent.) May 21. The anniversary of tho Queen's Birthday was observed to-day, and tho weather was all that couhl be desired for holiday-making, being both fine and cool. The review of the Defence Forces was held nt tho Athletic Sports Association Ground, nnd there were various excursions both on (lie Harbor nnd up the railway lino, all of which were well attended. Tuc an nual picnic of the Seamen's Union was held at Schowdcr Bay. and proved very success ful. The city this evening is crowded with pleasure- seekers, and the theatres arc largely patronised, whilst fireworks are observable in nil directions. May 25. A cable message has been received by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, from the Secretary of State for the Colonics, inti mating that the distinction of Companion of St. Miclincl nnd St. George has been con ferred upon Mr. Christopher Rollcston (Audi tor- General) nnd Mr. J. A. Jennings, Execu tive Commissioner for the International Ex hibition. Donaldson, lately employed by tho firm of Wri«?ht. llenton. find CV». ns olnrt. bnu linnn arrested at Wngga upon n charge of em bezzlement. Arrived : Kcilnwarrn, Governor Blackall, nnd Alcxaudrn, steamers, from Brisbane. May 2(1. A young girl named Flanagan, while cross ing the river at Burrngorano on horseback, on Sunday, was washed off by lhc current and drowned. A man named M'Null was heavily fined at the Police Court to-day for assaulting Mr. John Dnvies, M.L.A, for East Sydney, during tlio harbour picttic on Saturday. Sailed : Wentworth, s., for Brisbane. V1 MoitT Estate Primary School.— Miss Mary Gray Jnmicson lms been appointed an assistant teacher in tlic State School for Girls and Infants nt Toowoomba, North. Tiie Toowoomba Hospital.— Mr. Charles George Alford has been appointed a member of tho committee of Hid Toowoomba Hos pital. Resignation. — Mr. G. Th King, of Cowrie, has resigned his position as n Sheep Director, and also as a member of the Mnrsupinl Board. A Victorian Blue-rook recently pub lished says " There is a daily Jfansard in Queensland, published at the Government Printing Office, nnd issued as a supplement to the fonwoomha Chronicle. JpVoLUNTEKR ArroiNTMENT. — -Saturday's rJWmmrnf Gazette notifies that "Ilis Ex cellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to ap point George Glcndowcr Blaxland, Lieuten ant in the Queensland Volunteer Force, to be Major in Command of the 2nd Regiment." Caledonian Ball.— The ball given by the Caledonian Society last evening was not a success. It would Appear that many of tlic older Caledonians, who hare been in Too woomba for some years past, were strongly in favor of a social reunion ns heretofore, and held tho opinion that, iu the present depressed times, a ball was too expensive. If the at tendance was any criterion or this opinion it was certainly shown last evening. However, about forty couples were present, nnd Kreit- Lehman's quadrille hand discoursed the necessary music. The hall was decorated, and those present npjiearcd to enjoy them selves most heartily. Tho refreshments were supplied by Mr. Pnterson, whoso name will be n sufficient gnnrnnlcc for their excellence and for tiie admirable way in which they were served. Conspicuous amid the decora tions ni the stage end of the room were tho i.oolmbcr baitiu axes, and the St, Andrew's and national flags, | Our Local Pulpit.—' The Scotch Presby terian Church (Ilcv. Mr. Rathjen) will nppear in our issue of Saturday next. A Goon Sign. — An item of news reached us in the latest commercial quotations from London, which will be pleasing to wool, growers in Queensland and elsewhere. It is to'thc effect that wool has advanced in price from Jd, to Id. per lb. Crossbill, V'kstorook.— In Saturday's Goeerhmcnt Gazette tenders avo invited for a school house nnd teacher's residence nt Crossbill, Westbrook. Tenders will be re ceived up to the 20th of June, nnd plans ami specifications can be seen nt the Court House, Toowoomba. Tiie Winner of the Brisbane Our.— Wo congratulate our sporting friend, Mr. Finnic, upon Ids success at the Brisbane meeting on Saturday iu carrying off tho Brisbane Cup with Sydney. This demonstrates the superiority of the Downs horse over tliu stables of Messrs. Boll, Tnit, nud Lodcr nt the weights. Sydney's success, we need linrdly state, was received with warm gratifi cation by residents of Toowoomba ami the district, Tho betting nt starting was 10 to 1 against Sydney. jL Fortitude Valley Election.— At noon on Saturday tho rcturning-oillccr, Mr. C. J. Trundle, attended at Corrignn's buildings nnd announced the following ns tlic two nomina tions received for the Fortitude Valley elec tion The Hon. Ratcliffe Bring, nominated by Messrs. E. B. Forrest, Christopher Mills, T. B. 1 tardy, .1. IL Adams, J. D. Ileal, mid 11\. 13. Peace : and Francis Bcatie, nominated by R. Edwards. R. G. Petty, T. Morrow, Joseph Boys, A. C. Council, and D. B. Milne The rctnrniitg.officcr announced thnt the poll would be held at the same place on Wednes day next. Winter Course of Lectures.— The winter course of lectures in conuection with the School of Arts, will be commenced on Tuesday evening next, June 3rd, when a lec ture by the President, W. H. Groom, Esq., M.L.A., will bo delivered on " An Evening with tho Two Stepbensons." The clmir will bo taken by his worship tho Mayor, R. God- sail, Esq. Tho arrangements that arc mndo are the same as last year— namely, admission to a singlo Jecturo, Is.; aud a member's ticket for the whole course of these interest ing lectures will be 5?. These can bo ob tained from tho Secretary, and ns the course embraces increasing attractive subjects, wo trust the public will accord wide support. The proceeds of cnch lecture will bo devoted to the building fund. Her Majesty's Birthday.— Her Majesty Queen Victoria completed her sixtieth year on Saturday. Tho day was marked in Too woomba by tho distribution of bounty btankcts to her aboriginal subjects nt the police-court. But the holiday wns, of course, postponed until yesterday (Monday), when the Government establishments, banks, nnd business places were closed, nnd tho day oh. served asagcncralholiday. There were various ninnin nnrrina nm1 uOinnl fnetivnls TifUrT nnd fine cool weather must have contributed much to everybody's enjoyment. The day wns appropriately closed by a ball at the School of Arts, given under the auspices of the Caledonian Society. The volunteer shooting match was not so great a success in its results ns was anticipated. It was an exceedingly bleak day, nnd the competitors had to put up with a strong cross wind, hut each company fired nt 200, 100, nud COO yards— five rounds each man. The F Com pany scored 387 points and tho G Company 370 points; thus the former wcro victorious by 8 points. The Loranzo Brothers.— This talented company gave another entertainment at the School of Arts, on Saturday evening, before n very appreciative audience. Half an hour in spirit land embraces a very clever exposi tion of the so called spiritualism, and Pro fessor Loranzo, liko a sensible man, docs not arrogate to himself the power to communicate with spirits, as wns tho ease with the Daven port Brothers. Two gentlemen were induced to act as a committee on the stage duriug the ghostly part of tho business, and they dis charged their duty with vigilance. But wo very much question tho propriety, or decency, of making rcfcrcnco to a deceased gentleman nt Sydney, whom ono of the "ghosts" lmd been identified as similtar iu features. Such an announcement is highly distasteful nud unnecessary ; especially ns tbe Professor disclaims any supernatural affinity, and con soles his audicuco that spirits havens much to do with the entertainment ns tho man in the moon ; and ho reveals tho way in which lie disentangles himself in so short a timo from a well secured rope fastening in the cabinet. Tho vcntrlloqunl performance, by Mr. F. W. Millis is tbe best of the kind wo have yet heard, and we need not fear a siinilinr appreciation of his part iu the enter tainment, which wns so warmly accorded him cnch evening here. Tho female imper sonation of an American actress, by one of the Brothers Lorauzo, is nn uncommonly good " get up." Altogether, a pleasant nnd warmly appreciated cntcrtaiincut was given on Saturday evening, uud wo wish the com pany success in their tour. Thoy appear in Warwick on Friday nnd Saturday evenings next. Estimates. — Previous to sending in ten ders for any buildings or public works, Con tractors in "Warwick, Dalby, nnd tho district of Toowoomba arc respectfully invited to in- spect the largo stock of pine, bntdwood, and mnchinc-drcsscd timber nt the yards of Mr. 13\. W. Pcchey, railway station Toowoomba. Tho quotations for all kinds of Timber will l>c found tho cheapest in the district.— Advt. 