Tales and Sketches THE VILLAGE MYSTERY. CHAPTER 1. I ARRIVED at Creston at eight o'clock in the evening. The train was punctual, and I was set down at the little station. My luggage was seized by a strong stalwart porter, who scrutinised me from head to foot, bustled about and seemed to expect me, offering to show me the way to the doctor's house. 'You are the new assistant, I suppose? said he. 'The doctor was down here about five o'clock; he told me as you was a-coming, and said he had to go out somewhere to-night after a man has had his foot hurt by a machine some way off; and so he couldn't meet you; and you was to be so kind as excuse him.' I replied it did not matter, and walked on, the porter fallowing with my portmanteau on his shoulder. The village looked so peaceful. The long straggling street, with its shops and houses on each side, terminated slight hill, on which stood the church, an old gray Norman edifica, long and low, its chancel clothed with ivy, amid which roses twined in great red and white clusters. The square low tower, the arched windows, and the venerable porch, through which many a babe had gone to its christening, many a bride of a wedding morning, and many both old and young to their last long home in the green church -yard, looking gravely and solemnly down upon the village. I gazed up at the church, wondering what would happen during my short stay in this pretty village to shape my career. Anything strange, anything unlooked for or simply the ordinary routine of a country life, wearing enough, but unromantic generally and placid. I said to myself as I stood before the church : ' Shall you have to do with me and with my life during my stay of one short year? Who can tell? 'This way sir,' said the porter, interrupting my reverie, and doubtless wondering why I stood there gazing at the church. 'This way sir, if you please? and we continued our road up the path which skirted the church-yard ; past the village inn The Fox and Hounds, with its gaily painted sign-board- horses, huntsman, hounds all mixed up confusedly together, while in the distance a preter- naturally large and very red fox looked cunningly round upon his pursuers; past the Post-Office, the Brewery, some better-class houses of the well-to-do farmers; past the Rectory, standing in its pretty lawn, dotted with flower-beds, whereupon a group of gaily dressed girls were standing; and soon to the doctor's house, a low whitewashed building, standing in a pretty old-fashioned flower- garden, a little green gate and green palings covered with climbing roses and creepers, separating it from the road. The porter preceded me, and without further announce- ment, walked in at the wide open door shouting : 'Now then, Betsy, here's the gentleman ; look sharp girl.' Betsy, a fair-haired, bright looking lassie, came forward, and courtesied, saying: ' Master's had to go out sir. He was very sorry. But if you please sir, supper's ready and your room and all ; and you was to do the best you could till he got back again.' It seemed to me the quarters were comfort- able enough, and that life would be very bearable for a while. I knew the doctor. He j was an old friend of my father's, and ought to > have risen above a mere country practice ; but fortune smiles on some men and frowns on . others, and Dr. Hamilton was one of those whose professional skill was great, but whose modesty and want of path— if I may so style it— made him content to live humbly in obscurity. When I had visited my comfortable room and washed off the traces of the Journey from my hands and face, I descended the stairs and entered the parlour, where an inviting-looking repast of hot- smoking ham, steak, poached eggs, tea-cakes and cheese-cakes and fresh fruit, was spread opon a snow-white cloth; and an elderly woman, whom I discovered to be Mrs. Wilson the doctor's cook, housekeeper, and factotum, was standing by the tea-table waiting to pour out my tea. She dropped a courtesy and apologised for her absence when I arrived. ‘I was just getting a cup of cream sir, for your tea, from Mrs. Colly,' she said ; 'and her poor husband was took bad with a cramp at his heart, and I had to wait to get him a drop of something hot, poor man! Eh, it is a bad job ! He's that awful when he's took bad, you would hear him screeching' a mile off. And he can't go and milk the cows nor do nothink to help his wife, poor thing. She's my niece, yon see sir ; and this girl I have here, she’s her daughter.' She appears a nice tidy girl,' I remarked. ' Yes sir, she be,’ returned the housekeeper. ‘She’s a good girl. She don't go, like the girls, tearing here tattering there—more's the pity for them. She's one of the best sort is Betsy. We always calls her Betsy sir ; but front ways she's called Elisabeth. Yes, she's a good un, though I do say it, as has almost brought her up, — Now do help yourself sir, and make yourself at home, do. Perhaps them cheese- cakes is not what you fancy?' ' They look excellent,' said I ; ' but I must first ask for another slice of that delicious ham, for I really am very hungry.' 'Ah, that's right,' said Mrs. Wilson, as she bustled about. 'It's the pig we killed last Christmas sir ; and I said to the doctor, says I "We never had such a pig, no never since ever I came to you, and that's twenty two years and more. Ay, he's a good man, sir ; and a good master, and that's more. I am glad you've come sir, to help him a bit. He's not so young as he used to be, and all this night-work in the winter-time is none too good for him. He has a good heart. Bless him ! And so has the Rector and his good lady, and the young ladies and all on ‘em. Bless them all ! I have seen them all grown up ; now one is to be married, it seems strange-like. The other day she was a babby in my arms ;' and the old woman sighed. 'But I won't stop here a-talking to you sir. Perhaps when you be done your tea, you'd like to look around.— And bless me, there's Miss Hilda as a ghost ; running in. — What is the matter ?' ' 0 Mrs. Wilson !' cried a fresh young voice, ' is the doctor in ? There's been such an awful accident, and I have run all the way. The railway bridge has broken, and there are a lot of people hurt.' ' Lord-a-mercy !' cried Mrs. Wilson ; ' the like of that never happened afore.— No, honey ; the doctor's not in ; but the new doctor's come; and although he is but young, he will do his best. I’se sure he will.’ I stepped forward, and with this introduc- tion to 'Miss Hilda,' came out into the little garden, where she stood, saying : ‘I am at your service ; will you show me the way ?’ Shall I ever forget her as she stood there in the soft evening light, her hat swinging by its broad ribbons in her hand, her simple dress, her brown hair dishevelled with the speed with which she had run, her glowing eager face, it's looks of horror and anxiety ! ' Oh, do be quick !' she cried, as she turned and led the way.—‘Prepare your rooms, Mrs. Wilson !' she cried ; ' they might be wanted. Lucy has ran to the Rectory to tell mamma tc do the same.' I waited only to snatch my travelling-flask, which lay on the white table, and I knew contained a little brandy, and sped after my fair guide. At we hurried along she said : 'My sister and I were going up the lane late to see an old woman who is ill. Just as we approached the railway bridge it seemed to stop, and to our horror, half the carriages fell through as the bridge broke like a rotten stick, 0 Mr. Summers, it was awful ; I shall never get it out of my head ;' and the girl's colour, which had returned with her rapid walk, faded again to a deathly pallor. ' I don't think you ought to come on here,' I said ; ' it will be a harrowing sight, unfit for you. Let me persuade you to return, and prepare at home for the sufferers, if they should need your care.' ' O no, no !' she cried ; ' Let me come. Indeed, I am strong, very strong. I won't faint, and be a bother to you !’ she added with a half-smile. I read in her face that it was useless to remonstrate, and we ran on. Already the news had spread ; the crowd had gathered, and every moment new arrivals came. People in these parts retired very early to their beds, and many had got up again and were arriving partly dressed. On the road and on the embankment lay the broken carriages, the centre ones of the train, some third class, and likewise one second. Hardly a piece was left whole ; they were broken up and smashed into little bits. Some of them had fortunately been empty. But there were many sufferers notwithstanding. The usual excitement, confusion, and bustle prevailed ; persons hurrying aimlessly to and fro, women shrieking, men shouting, and both calling in their terror on the name of God. The light was still good ; ten o'clock on an evening in June, with the moon slowly rising, is never dark ; but here and there a lantern flashed its doubtful light on some upturned face lying on the roadside, on those who suffered and on those who ministered to them, and made the wild scene wilder and more awful. I did what I could in attending the sufferers. There were not many vary serious cases apparently; but some of the men had brought down carts, and into these those who were unable to walk were carried and taken to the Rectory and to the Fox and Hounds and other houses which had been hospitably opened to receive them. As I was looking round to see if any had been overlooked, before I went to attend to the poor sufferers, I felt an eager grasp upon my arm, and turning quickly, saw a young woman, wrapped in a long light-gray cloak, standing beside me. ' Come, for mercy's sake !' she said. ' If you are a man come and help here !' I followed. She seemed to fly over the ground, stepping lightly over the heaps of rain and débris, climbing over the carnages, jumping over pieces of wood and wheels and cushions of carriages heaped together in inextricable confusion. I wondered at her j haste, which I tried in vain to emulate. At last she cried in tones of agony : 'Oh, how slow you are! Come, come quickly !’ I made a desperate effort, and was beside her. There, I amid a tangled mass of ruin and confusion, amid planks and broken iron, shivered glass, passengers’ luggage— some of the boxes having been broken by the force of the fall — clothes, heavy boots, wooden panels, and articles too numerous to mention, lay a female figure quite motionless ; and beside her, calmly sleeping as if in its cradle at home, the loveliest infant I think I ever saw, the cheeks flushed with a bright rosy hue, the curly hair upon its forehead. A cherub indeed it seemed from heaven, sent down among all the terror and agony of that night's work. The carriage in which the woman and child had been was shattered to pieces ; but the portion of the seat on which the baby had been placed had fallen, as it was, with the cushion under it, and had become firmly wedged between two great pieces of iron, just beside the child on each hand. A piece of wood had likewise fallen crosswise over the child, so that it was completely sheltered and quite untouched lying as it were in a box. This same piece of wood had struck the woman and had killed her, for I fancied life was extinct. So care- fully and securely was the child wedged in, that I could not extricate it. My companion seemed possessed of supernatural strength ; she tore at the heavy wood with her slender hands ; she ran for a huge piece of iron and implored me to use it as a crowbar ; then flew for more assistance. I scarcely then noticed her ; but I remembered afterwards, her pale face and set fixed expression , her eagerness, even beyond what the situation warranted. I assured her the child was safe, perfectly so, and I continued my efforts to extricate it ; and at last some persons having arrived to help me, we succeeded in lifting off the heavy barriers, and took the child out, apparently quite unhurt. I placed in the young woman's arms. It scarcely awoke, but turned and nestled in her bosom, I heard her say softly : ' Thank God !' and saw the tears fall gently from her eyes as she turned and left me. The thought occurred to me for a moment : Strange that she has never thought about the woman with whom the child was — perhaps its mother. Surely one so gentle and kind apparently, would have thought of her too?’ She seemed to pause after a minute, and coming back, said hurriedly : ' Is she dead sir?’ 'I do not know,' I answered. 'I will remove her to the house. She may be only stunned ; but I fear the worst.' We lifted up the insensible figure. It seemed to be that of an elderly woman, perhaps fifty or thereabouts. Her dress, of a coarse dark stuff, and her tidy shawl, and plain straw bonnet, of no fashionable make, seemed to point her out as a respectable woman of the peasant class, too old certainly to be the mother of the lovely baby who could not possibly be more than a year old. I returned as quickly as I could to the village, and began the sad work of trying to alleviate as far as I could the sufferings of those injured. Some were only shaken and had slight contusions. The worst case, that of a man whose leg was shattered, had been taken to the inn ; and as further medical aid had been telegraphed for, there was little to be done for him till the doctors arrived, as I did not care to take the whole responsibility of amputation. I went down to the Rectory, where I found several of the passengers being tenderly cared for by the kind people there. While seeing to their injuries, the young woman who had called me to the rescue of the little child came to the door and called, saying ; 'Miss Hilda, will you come and speak to me ?’ ' What ! is it yon, Miss Brown ! Come in. What is it? How did you come down so far?’ ' I came down on an errand to the village,' returned she, 'and saw the accident. — Oh, never mind now, Miss Hilda ; take this and keep it safe, for the love of mercy.' The girl started as Miss Brown, uncovering her bundle, disclosed the lovely face of the sleeping child. ' What child is this?’ said she. ' Where did you find it ?' But even as she spoke. Miss Brown, saying hurriedly : ' I once had charge of a little one so like that; and now it is gone, it upsets me to see that darling,' turned and left the room. The two girls Hilda and Lucy stood open mouthed, and I stepped forward and explained how the child had been discovered. ' Mother will tell us what to do,' said Hilda, and she ran off with the baby. I next saw it in Mrs. Morton's motherly arms, and she said, as she addressed me kindly : 'Another time, doctor, we must try and find out who is the the owner of this little treasure ; at present it shall have food and shelter here till we hear further particulars. Some one is sure to make inquiries about it.' All that night the village was in commotion ; the telegraph wires never ceased bringing messages from anxious friends and conveying the answers, in some cases sad enough. Two died that night-one at the Fox and Hounds ; and the woman we had found at the doctor's house, whither she had been taken, and laid in my pretty fresh bedroom, which I little thought, when I arrived a few short hours before, would so soon be the scene of suffering and of death itself. To my surprise, when I returned to my quarters, I found the body had been brought there, and moreover, I found Miss Brown earnestly using every possible means to restore animation. When I entered she looked up. 'I fancy she breathes still, ‘she said. 'I have been trained to nurse, and I have been trying hard. What do you think ?' I examined the patient carefully ; she did breathe, but so faintly that the move- ment was scarcely to be felt ; and after about an hour's anxious watching, she gave a deep sigh and breathed her last peacefully and without a struggle. 'Who is she!' said I to Miss Brown. ' A stranger here apparently,' she answered. 'Of course enquiry will be made in time.' ' I will call Mrs. Wilson, and all that can be done for her now shall be done at once. Your services are required elsewhere, and your time is precious to the living ; do not delay with the dead.' Her face was deadly pale, and she sank on her knees beside the bed. 'Are you able for all this ? I asked. ‘O yes. Send Mrs. Wilson to me ; I dare not be alone. You think me foolish perhaps sir; but I am not very strong, and I have had much trouble ; this shock has tried me a good deal ;' and her eyes filled with tears as she spoke. I hurried to find Mrs. Wilson. 'Go up- stairs to the poor thing, ' I said, ' please. You will find ber rather shaken by all this. I don't suppose the doctor would be angry if you were to take her a glass of wine.' 'Trust me sir,' said the good old dame; 'I’ll see to her poor child. I wonder what brought her into the middle of it all ? Well, she is a good one, I believe, in spite of all they say in the village about her quiet ways. I don't care ; I am sorry for her, she is so young ; and she looks that sad now and then, I could almost cry to see her. I will run up and see her.' ' Do,' said I ; and I saw Mrs. Wilson, as I quitted the house, ascending stairs with a bumper of hot brandy-and-water. At the gate I met Dr. Hamilton. ‘A sad business this, Summers, and a sad welcome to you, my boy. Any bad cases?' 'Come with me,'I replied, 'There is but I one serious case left, and that, I fear, is hope- less ; but together we will try what we can do ; and as we walked up to the inn, I gave my friend all particulars of the accident and its consequences. All through the night we watched anxiously to relieve the sufferers; but as morning dawned, death mercifully interposed in the case of the poor fellow lying at the inn. The others were all recovering; and and the morning train brought the friends of most of them, who were either removed to their homes or remained awhile in the village until fit to travel. The remains of the man were recognised, and taken away by his friends for interment ; but those of the woman were still unclaimed. No one arrived to seek her ; and after the inquest and a verdict of ‘Accidental death' had been returned, she was quietly laid in the peaceful churchyard. Her ticket gave no clue to her identity ; it simply bore the mark King's Cross. Who could trace her in the great world of London ? All particulars were forwarded to the police; but no result followed. There were no marks upon her clothes nor upon those of the child, although a neat wooden box, unclaimed by other passengers, was supposed to have belonged to her, as it contained a few odd volumes well worn, and articles of wearing apparel for a woman in her apparent circumstances, and a 1 child ; all very neat and exquisitely clean, j but homely and plain in their make and fashion. Of Miss Brown we heard nothing more until the day of the funeral, when she attended it, dressed as usual in black. I found her sir,' she said to the rector, 'and I thought I should like to follow her remains.' 'It is very curious,' said the rector, 'that no inquiries have been made regarding her. I wonder whether we shall ever hear any- thing ?' ' If you ever do, will you be so good as to tell me ? asked Miss Brown. 'Certainly,' replied he. ' And now, would you like to step on to the Rectory and have a look at the baby? 'I should very much,' she answered. 'My girls have grown so fond of it,' said the rector, 'I don't know how they will ever part with it ; but some one must be found to take care of it. It cannot live at the Rectory always.' 'I suppose not,' said Miss Brown rather Badly. 'It could not be expected.' J beard afterwards that when she went to pay her visit, baby took to her wonderfully in spite of her black dress, crowed and laughed, and was altogether, as the girls said, 'too sweet a darling for anything.' And the grave of the lone stranger lay under the shadow of the old church peacefully. What secret lay hidden under the fresh grassy mound ? Would it ever see the light ? Was she some simple peasant woman going on a journey to distant kinsfolk, who perhaps were ignorant of her intention, and therefore made no inquiries respecting her? Or was she taking charge of this little one for another? Was it not strange that no clue had been discovered as to whom they were, or where they came from? Or was it a secret known only to one sad and troubled heart, that had been grossly and cruelly betrayed, and only wished to hide its shame ? Such speculations occurred to us all I think in turn ; but the wonder ceased to be a wonder after a time ; and presently good Mrs. Morton made arrangements to place the child with Mrs. Coulson, who had lately lost her own baby ; and after this, the excitement subsided and gradually died away. I settled down also into my appointed place. So strange a beginning to my life at Creston had brought me more rapidly into intimacy with the family at the Rectory than months of ordinary intercourse would have done, especially during the time when the invalids yet remained in the village, I was always welcomed by both Mr. and Mrs. Morton ; and my old friend Dr. Hamilton was a prime favourite with them and with their daughters. Was he not the oldest friend the girls had ? Did they not tease and torment him to their heart's content; and as for the rector, he could not do without him, and they were constant companions. So the intercourse between the houses was very frequent ; and the girls would often come down and have a cup of tea with the doctor in the afternoon ; but generally, to my disgust, they chose the time when I was out on some long ride over the moors ; and when I returned, the old man would say knowingly : ' I see the girls are afraid of you Summers ; they only come down when you are safe off. What a dangerous fellow you must be !’ 'They are right sir,' I replied, 'to come and look after you when I am away. When are we to have Min Lucy's young fellow down here ? They promised me all sorts of fun at the wedding.' 'Yes,'sighed the doctor; 'it makes one feel an old man, Summers, to think of that monkey, that I held a baby in my arms, going to be married ; it seems only yesterday ; but so it is. She is a rare good girl, and will just be the very wife Frank Lester wants to keep his fine house and play the Lady Bountiful to his cottagers. But the warm corner in my old heart is for Hilda. Bless her sweet face and pretty loving ways. That's the girl for me ; I hope she will meet with a real good fellow one of these days to take care of her. Eh, Harry ?’ 'I hope so too sir,' I replied; but somehow the subject was not one I cared to pursue further just then ; so I asked abruptly : ' Who is Miss Brown ?’ 'That is easily told,' replied the doctor. 'She is the governess at the Poplars. You have not been there yet, as Mrs. Nixon and the children went off to the seaside for a while the very day that poor woman was buried ; but they will not be absent very long.’ ' I have heard you speak of Mrs. Nixon,' I replied, ' more than once. Is she a widow ?' 'No, no; not a widow,' said the doctor. 'Her husband is a judge or magistrate in India; and as the climate did not suit his wife, he brought her and the children home, settled her at the Poplars, which was to let, found her Miss Brown, and departed to finish out his term of service. Then I suppose he will retire, still comparatively a young man. growl and grumble at his own idleness, and sigh for India again, like all the rest when they came home. 'We will hope not sir,' said I. 'But tell me, do you know nothing more of Miss Brown?' ' Nothing,' cried my old friend ; ‘except that Mr. Nixon found her in London ; that she was at the time staying with a friend who was at the time stopping with a friend who was lady-superintendent of one of the children’s hospitals, who gave her the highest character; and that Nixon told her she was quite irresistible ; so he engaged her at once. He was right. She suits his wife exactly ; indeed I have never met any one so entirely sympathetic and kindly in her ways ; and the children adore her. You saw yourself how active and handy she was that awful night; and as for the baby, it might have been her own, from the way she handled it.' ' Yes’ said I, rather absently ; for, truth to say, Miss Brown's strange behaviour that awful night, her agitation, and various little circumstances I noticed, had convinced me that she knew more of the strangers than she had chosen to tell, and was resolved to watch her as closely as I could. During the next two months, nothing particular took place, except at the Kectory, where all was bustle and preparation for the wedding ; and on a bright morning early in August, the bells rang out merrily, the churchyard filled with spectators, the village children in their white dresses strewed the churchyard path with flowers; and as the hands of the old clock pointed to half-past eleven, the bride with her fair attendants appeared. Her father, on whose arm she leant, looked proudly and fondly down upon the beloved daughter at bis side, A few solemn words were spoken; the organ burst forth into the glorious Wedding March, and Frank and Lucy, husband and wife now, came down the churchyard path again to her old home. Loud and long were the cheers and many the congratulations that followed ; and after much feasting and merriment, the part- ing came. Lucy's fair face was saddened for a moment as she crossed the threshold, and leaving go for an instant of her husband's arm, she ran back again, and giving one last hearty kiss to her mother, followed her husband, placed her hand trustingly in his, entered the carriage, and drove away. Such a shower of rice and old shoes followed them ; such blessings ! such cheers .1 I looked round for Hilda, but she had disappeared. I turned into the garden, and saw the flutter of her dress as she escaped down a side-walk, and heard the sound of a stifled sob. 'Just like her,' I thought. ' She has tried to stifle her own feelings in the loss of her only sister and the companion of her life. I will not disturb her. But,' I added mentally, ' what a darling she is !' Half an hour later I heard Hilda's merry laugh as she mored among the guests, and was privileged to accompany her when she went up the village to take old Mrs. Watson a a bit of cake and tell her all about the wedding. After this followed picnics and excursions almost every day; and as the weather was glorious and everything favoured us, the time passed but too quickly. Dr. Hamilton insisted on doing all the work, and leaving me free to have a holiday. Was he quite discreet in so doing ? I don t know. I only know that somehow the day did not seem half so bright or the party half so pleasant if any one appropriated my usual seat beside Hilda. Well all things must have an end, and this very dangerous wedding week, with all its festivities and flirtations, its rambles by the shore, its quiet hours at the Rectory, with sweet music or merry games all came to an end; the guests dispersed, Hilda and her parents went on some visits to distant friends, and the village relapsed into its ordinary calm. A few days after these events, Mrs. Nixon, with her children and governess, returned from the seaside, bringing with them the seeds of a sort of low intermittent fever, which, though neither dangerous nor infectious, was just sufficient to require my constant attendance at the Poplars. During this time, I saw a great deal of Miss Brown, and could not fail to appreciate her quiet good sense, her presence of mind, and untiring patience with the often fractions children, whom she seemed to have a special gift for amusing. Their mother was not very strong, and Miss Brown was indefatigable and unwearied in her efforts, I grew to like her very much, and to rely upon her more and more. — Chambers’ Journal. To be Continued. 