SOME ACCIDENTAL' JOKES. \ It has often been said that the best jokes are those which are made by accident, and this i.s certainly the case wifh proper names. Few intentional ' bulls' have ever been more complete than the grave official entry in a list of Scottish landed proprie-t/ tors : ' John Elder, the younger, in right of Mrs. Margaret Husband, his wife.' ' The worth}- country gentleman who, eighty years ago, Limited the leader of tho Eng lish opposition with looking like '*a fox that liad fallen into a pit,' was as much astounded as anyone at the roar of laughter1 which greeted this unconscious pun upon the names of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. The three last governors of the Don Cos sacks have chanced to bear name' which respectively signify Fire, Flood, and Fiend. In tne list 'of the English Navy for tlie last century the reader's eye is still .startled by the sight of the frigate Vengeance, com manded by captain Death, with a first officer calle:! William Devil, and a surgeon bearing the pleasantly suggestive name of John Ghost. But of all the authentic cases of this kind, the most singular is one whish occurred at a wayside tavern in the west of England not many ycirsago. Three rois tering commercial travellers meeting there one winter evening, had a hearty carouse together as a matter of course. Supper over, the three found some difficulty in allotting their respective shares of the bill ; but one of them at length cut short the dis pute by pioposing that whoever had the ' oldest name' among them should go scot five, the expenses being halved by the other two. This amendment being promptly accepted, No. I produced a card inscribed ' Richard Eve,' with No. 2 trumped with; 'Adam Brown.' The No. 3, a portly1 veteran with a humorous grey,, eye, laid down his card vvith the quiet confidence1 of a great „ general making a decisive movem'iut, and reaiarked with a thick chuckle, 'I don't rnuch-think'you'll beat this 'un, gents.' And he was right, for the name .was ' Mr. ,-B. Ginning.' 