CHRIST S CHALLENGE TO THE WORLD. » » qKIÜION BY THE REV. DR. TBENCH, AliCHBISHOP i A OF DUBLIN. » mu^ of you convincath Me of Bin ?-John viii., 48. Be who waa Himself the Word of God spoke many '-»rds oí supreme importance, hat never ono which, » fording as it could be answered one way or tho S iavolved consequences more momentous : « Which of yon eonvineeth Me"-or, as we should now say. "Which of you convicteth Me of sin?" DO bringa sin home to Me, with such manifestation of ft»truth oí tho charge, that I cannot deny it ; or, if ÍIdid that this denial would profit Me nothing? It ««achallenge uttered in the presence of nome who toi known Him from the first, who had known all kii childhood and youth and manhood ; in the pre unceof others who had walked up and down witli gun every day and almost every hour since his actual minÎBtry basan ; of not a few who had watched, and »ere watching still for his halting; who would gladly l»ye slandered his footsteps, if He had afforded them the slightest pretext for so doing. But, ono and all, they were silent. There was not one who took up {nt challenge, or ventured to lay any sin to his door. Thia was much, hut there lay behind it much more. There lay in tßiH challenge of his not merely a confi- dence on his part that hia life had been blameless before the world, that he had given no occasion which any mau coidd take hold of ; but there was involved and ¡Deluded in it his own unconsciousness of any sin, orralher, for this ia far too weak a statement of the ewe, his consciousness that He had no ein. Wo need not hesitate to assert ns much, eince we cannot for an instant suppoEe, nuless indeed we are prepared to pit Him low indeed, that He took advantage of the partial acquaintance of hiß honrara with the facts of his outer life and tho seereta of his inner-even as all acquaintance of one man with tba sum total of any other man's life must be partial-to claim for Himself a prerogative, namely, freedom from all sm ; which prerogative they could not impugn, but whioh all tho time He kucw was not rightfully his ow n. We cannot for au instant suppoee that, conscious of sin in H:m ! self, of that leaven laaveuing Him which leavens all tho rest of the lump of humanity, He did yet rely in this confident word ot his on the fact that this was not known to any other. In this challenge to the world Ho implicitly declared, that, being conformed in every thing else to hia brethren, He was not con- formed to them in UIÍR ; that He was holy, harmless, undefiled, and, iii the matter of sin, separate from all his fellow men. Nor does this passage stand alone. Ho everywhere asserts tho came. Making common eaueo with those whoss nature He bad taken in everything else, He never roakcB common cause with them in this.. He csu teach them, saying,.' When ye pray, say, forgive us our trespasses ;' bat no word implying that He needéd forgivenefs for himself evor escaped hi3 lips. Many words, many aots of hw, on the contrary, are totally irreconcilable with »Dy such assumption, fíe cirea his life a ransom for many, which it could not oe if itself were a lifo forfeited. Ho forcives Bins, and, that not in tho name of another, but in his own. He evermore sots Himself at the point of humanity, an intolerable presumption had he differed from others only in degree, and not in kind. In every other man ot say spiritual mark or eminence, who had allowed os any close insight into tho interior workings of his moral and spiritual being, there reveals itself a stnse of dUcotd, of disharmony, of dissatisfaction with him- self. He sees before him heights which he hos not. reached, nay, of which he has fallen infinitely short, an ideal which he has realised only feebly and in uart. Ha ia conscious of something, yea, of much which is wanting in himself, of relations between himself and (rod, the absolutely Holy One, which have been dis tutbed, and which need to he restored again. If he has attained to any high aud exemplary goodness, thia hag only been through many preceding mistakes, failures, and errors; ho is, at best, a diamond which, if polished ot all, has heen polished in ita o«»n dust. And we further nr.-te J3mt the nobler the moral ele- ments working in anyman'a life, so much the more distinct and moro earnest are these confessions of sin and shortcoming, of an inner conflict, of good and evil struggling within him, with the evil too often obtain- ing the mastery, until all these inner conflicts sum themselves up in one such cry as that nf the Apostle PauV'O, wretched man that I am ! who shall deliver . me from the body of thia death ?" But no lightest con fesuou of this kind ever faÜB from His lips. There areno reaohingsout upon His part after a good unat- tained, no regrets for failures, no displeasure with HiuMolf. So far from this, there is in Him a perfect «elf-ccmplacency. As far aa his own statements are any guida, He ia, and is perfectly, and has always neon, all which Ho ought to be, or desires to be. This must by everyone he admitted, that, from first to last, Christ presented Himself to the world, to friends and .t0 enemies alike, aa the absolutely sinless Ono, de tt&nded; to ba recognised as such by all, and bore Himself aa such, not merely to men, but to God. ?What Bhall we say to this ? what explanation of it I snail wo give ? j There-are only three possible explanations of tho position which he thus^ssumed, unique as it is in the moral history of mankind : and we are chut up to Bosse one or other of those. The first, that He had «ID, and did not know it ; the second, that He had J!°»,RDd. knowing, would -not own it toothers; the jmrd, that He waa whatHeolatmerl, what.the Church ever acknowledged Him to be, the Holy One of v»od; that none could convince Him of Bin, because in sum was no sin. tbs fivat of these explanations, which affirms ? H¡-t ? wns Hici|5olf ignorant of the most important wet oí his own moral being, sets Him infinitely below enumerable others-not merely the saints of the New Aestamont, of whoniono of the saintliest has declared, 4,II.W01!°y we have no sin, wo deceive ourselves, nnd jue truth is not in us ¡" not below these only, but also «Mow tho saints of the Old Testament, who cried ont Vi!« u*r , anRuî«kj counted that they sinnors must Ttl' .p".iL. ousht intt> tho Presence °* the Holy One. ¿"?\V.lf '.j118 explanation were the true one, it would «ot Uim far below any of the chief sagoH of this world, «.In-ilcîi of tfaeso but hftB owned and lamented the wnuiot of good and evil within him, sot hts mournful eeai m one shape or another to the fact that, however Ur. ,° admired the good, he with all ofchors had ?ruften phoBen the evil ? »«í«í}erof Í3. tlien *ua second explanation, that, con wums of his identity in this matter with all tho other ^ o£iîn6n» Ho yet kept it out of sight and con C'l.'V 'M» bowing his relations to God to have IOJSJ ATURBE4 byBÎn» as those of «very other, He al ôtw-î? word Í0 »scape Him which should betray to ! ont J? hvs consciousness of this ; nay, uttered words MM?ï~TUabe.,î' made olalms on hia own behalf which "we Irreconcdable with this consciousness ; and, sot til)g Himself forth os the pattern and exemplar to all other men in their bearing to'.Grod, omitted altogether thoBe humiliations, those puttings ol the mouth in the dust before Him, which, every other man has felt nt the beet moments of his life to constitnto the truest, indeed the only, attitude whioh be can assume in his presence, You -will hardly admit this explana- tion. But then, if you.can accept neither the one nor the other, of these explanations, if, indeed, you reject them with something of displeasure that they should ever have beau suggested to you, you are shut up by a blessed necessity to tho third, that which tho Holy Catholic Church throughout all the world has ac- cepted, that which it utters in those words of adoration and praise, which we Bhall many of us presently take upon mfr lips, 'Thou only art holy, Thou only art the Lord ; Thou only, O Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art moBt high in the glory of God the Father. Are there any among U3, my brethren, prepared to render unto Christ every homage short of thia which the Church has thus rendered to Him, to honour] Him with au affection and a reverence yielded to no | other, with sin reduced in Him to » minimum, the ! greatest religious reformer, the most original religions genius, the man most taught of God, whom the world has ever seen ; I Bay, .to recogniae in Him all this, but here to stop short; to leave out Tho Virgin-born, to let.ve out The Son of the! Father, to leave oui The ii rat begotten from the dead, and all which these names implj ? If any such should be among us to day, I nay to them that there is no standing ground here. Ii the Gospels are in any sense a faithful record of what Christ was and what He claimed to bc-and uniera in all their main features they are so, the whole superstructure of Christian faith has no foundation whatever-they leave no room for any,such ponitioa OB this, half way between the two camps, those of faith and unbelief, whioh now divido the world, anrl, strange to say, divide also the visible Church, When the quotion of all questions, "What thiuk ye of Christ?" pre- sents itself to you, and will not go without an answer, you must leave th's equivocal position as one which it is logically impossible to maintain ; you must declare that He was much moro than this, cr that Ho was much less. Certainly you will not deny that He said Ho was much more, iirescnf.ed Himself as much more to the world. If this Ha was not, there ara but tho88 turo alternatives, either that, in Baying this, Ho deceived others, or else that Ha was Himself deceived. Al- lowing to Him what you do, vou have no choice but to reject them both.. Take Him then for that which Ile announced Himself to be. the one man who could challenge all the world, "Which of you convinceth Me of sin '1 " the one champion, who, enteriug the i list*, and having no blot on his ov.-n ucutcheon, no flaw in his own armour, could win tba battle which every other man had lost ; the one physician who ! onuld heal all other»», inaamunh as He diu not need Himself to be healed ; sole cf the whole Adatnic race who had a right to Eay, "The prince of th is world cometh, and hath nothing in Me." Accept Him for this, and, thus accepting, dwell not in&rely; on the dogmatic sign iii canee of that " without sin" which He thus claimed for HiniKwlf, which the Church claims for Him ; on tho priceless worth which tho cfferÏDg that He, the sinless One, offered for the SÍIIB of all others, thus obtained. But sometimes, forgetting ail else, contemplate with de- vout affection and rapt adoration the marvel nf that life ; and, as you contemplate, render your thanks to Almighty God, not for thia benefit, nor that benefit, cor for all benefits which He by bis life or by his death has obtained for you, but simply for the fact that there has once trcd thia earth r f ours a Man in whom no thought inconsistent with tho moat perfect holiuess ever found a moment's allowance, the pura mirror of whose anni was 7iever rallied by the breath of the lightest temptation, from whoae lips no word but such as should minister grace to the hearers ever fell, whoso every act could endur» to ba tried by the straightest line of God's law, the onn lily of Heaven among all the thorns of earth. Truly "a sceptre of righteousness is tba sceptre of thy khißdota." ' . The upright love Thee." A sad act idertt occurred pa Satnrday to Mr. H. M. Wright, tho acting- secretary of the Agricultural Society, which ifc is famed will have very serious results, «nd probably, if a relapse takes place, Mr, Wright winy lose a leg. It nppoars that on Saturday la&t; Mr. Wright waB looking after the preparations for the forthcoming show at the Exhibition Building, and in jumping from a platform ou to the floor alighted on a piece of timber which had a nail in it point upwards, and the latter entered Mr. Wright's foot, paoNDg Tight through the flash. Afc first it was not thought to be serious, and Mr. Wright con- tinued his woïk afc the building until.he was com- pelled, at the urgent solicitation of friends, to go to his house at Petersham. Ho yielded to their request, and called in Dr. West, who at onoe, fearing that tetanus would set in, did all in his power to prevent such a fearful result, and his effort« were, "happily, suc-.esoful. Mr. Wright is at present progressing favourably; but his medical adviser feais that if he has a relapse, it will necessitate amputation of the limb. The town of Lambton waa thrown into tremendous excitement, ssya the correspondent of the NKWCASTLK HKKAIYD of April 1, by the circulation of a report that a little girl, eight years old, daughter of Mr, Joseph Youug. of North. Lambton, had been nearly murdered on her road from school, The partioulare of tho sad affair are, ns near as I could ascertain, as follow« :-lb appears that tho girl waa travelling through the bush from the Lambtou Behool, and when nearly home she wai set upon by a man, who took hold of her. Sho screamed, and tho ruflian gagged her with ber pinafore. Ile then took ont his pocket- knife, and cut two four ful gnshss in her face. Some peoplo were attracted by the screams of tho child, and wont to her assistance*, when the fellow ran away. News ol' tho afluir waa brought to tli<=» police-station, and Constables Frise, Robinson, and Lloyd at once went in search, but they could not get a description, and were told that tho man had gone to New Lamb- ton, where they followed-Constable Frize having borrowed a horse ; the other two, loaming that they were on the wrong scent, returned, and went out to North Lambton, where they got a description of the mau, who had gone to Jesmond. On the road they met M'wtsara- Clark and Maddock, who infovmod them that they had seen a man answering the description given, and iuvited the constables to enter the bug»y, which they rlid, and went in chase. They overtook their man at Jesaioud, and followed him into tho bnnh, where he was captured. Constable Lloyd at once knew the fellow, who is na->ned George Blackwell, a well-known character in Newcastle. Ho was taken to the lockup, and charged with attempted murder. On being searched a pocket-knife stained with blood was found inside the lining of his coat. Dra. Hill and Deans attended upon the child, and found two very deep and dangerous cuts in tho shape of a cross on the face, extending from the temple to the ear and across towards the mouth. The child was put under chloroform, and the wounds BtStohed np. She now lies in a very precarious position, and the chances are that sho will acfc'seoover. 