Adelaide. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT]. May 10. The steamer Cuzco, from London, arrived off the Semaphore station yesterday, after a voyage of 48 days 8 hours, during which very fine weather was experienced. Two deaths occurred during the voyage, viz., James Bradford, saloon passenger, who died of consumption, and James Hall, steerage passenger, of pneumonia. THE following tenders for the erection of a court-house, Herbert River, were opened at the office ofthe Under Secretaiy for Works on Fri day:-T. Watson, £648 12s., four months ; A. Doorey and Son, £528, six months. THE "Australian Christy Minstrels" are an- nounced to make their first appearance at the Good Templars' Hall, South Brisbane, this evening. THE entertainment known as "Carlton's Ghost" was repeated at the old School of Arts on Saturday evening to a very fair audience despite the unfavorable state of the weather. The performance on the whole was very good, the company having considerably improved since their first appearance. The illusions in particu- lar were very cleverly executed and duly ap- plauded. "Carlton's Ghost" will again appear to-night, and those who have not seen the "apparition" may avail themselves of this opportunity for an evening's diversion. A SPECIAL meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Hospital was held in the Town Dis- pensary on Friday afternoon, there being present -Messrs. W. L. G. Drew (chairman), Bramston, Finney, Forsyth, Guthrie, Raff, Buckland, and Dr. Thomson. The object of the meeting was to take into consideration the estimate of cost for completing the new fever wards and the furnish- ing thereof. The present contract embraces the south wing to contain twenty-four beds, con- valescent and rofractory wards, fumigating room, ?boiler shed, dry earth sheds aud closets, and is let for a sum of £2884, The amount of the original vote for the building was £3000. The north wing, to contain twenty-four beds, required to complete the building is not included in this contract, and it was estimated by the committee that a further sum of £2000 would be required -to complete the building by the erection of that wing, fencing, Sec. The following estimate for furnishing the wing at present iu course of con- struction was arrived at:-Beds (thirty-six), £108 ; mattiesses, &c;, £54 ; blankets, £54 ; ?counterpanes, £36 ; shooting, &c;, £54 ; mos- quito nets, £i8 ; tables, presses, forms, kc, £100 ; incidentals, £46 :-total, £500. It is supposed the building will be ready to be occupied about the 1st October nest. A deputation, comprising Messrs. Drew, Finney, nnd Raff, accompanied by Dr. Thomson, house-surgeon, was appointed to wait on the bon. th6 Colonial Secretary toask. him to have the sum' necessary for completing nnd Jurnishing the building (£2500) placed on the Supplementary Estimates. A MKUTrNa of the Board of Enquiry into '.Diseases in Stock and Plants was held at the museum on Thursday afternoou. Present-Dr. Prentice (in the chair), and Messrs. Grimes, Staiger, and Gordon. A letter was read from Dr. Bancroft excusing his absence on account of sickneBS, and suggesting that, as the pre- sent is the proper time to sow rye, small quantities of the seed bo distributed to the farmers, particularly to the Germans, who are familiar with its bread-making qualities. As the .meeting was a small one it was resolved to defer the consideration of the annual report to a fuller meeting, to be convened for the 23rd instant. An application for some of the grass plates for exhibition at the International Exki .bition in Sydney was grante'd. Mr. Staiger having reported'that there were 198 plates of Queensland grasses now completed &nd; ready ' for the engraver at any moment, it was resolved 'that, as there is a great demand for the volume already published by the board, it be a recom 'mendation of the board that the plateB be placed at the disposal of any publisher who will under- take to publish the whole work free of any charges to the board. It transpired that money had actually been sent to the board for copies, which the board was not in a position to supply, and that two guineas had been offered fora copy. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Munici- pal Council takes place this afternoon, at 3 p.m. The business to be brought forward consists of the consideration of petitions from ratepayers of Cemetery and Amy streets, and from S. Bab- bidge ; of reporta from the Finance, Improve- ment, and Drainage committees ; and of the fol- lowing motions, of which notice has been given : -By Alderman Babbidge,- " Thst the roadway on Gregory-terrace, North Ward, and Boundary - street, from Wickham-strcet to Gregory-ten ace, be metalled with either blue or white metal." By Alderman Hardgrave,-" That the Legislative Committee be requested to frame a by-law deal- ing with public decency and the suppression of houses of ill-fame and gaming-houses." By Alder- man Babbidge,-" That Hartley aud Glouce=ter Btreetsbe putin repairatacostnotexceeding£20." By Alderman Doorey,-" That the City Engineer be instructed to prepare, and lay on the council table at its next meeting, a plan and section showing the permanent levels of Stanley-street, as near as possible keeping to the present level of the crown of the road in said street." By Alderman Babbidge,-"That Thornbury-Etreet be put in repair at a coat not to exceed £10." By the Mayor,-" That Morgan-street, Valley, be put in a passable state of repair." By Alderman Babbidge,-" That Roger-street be put in a passable condition at a cost not exceeding £50." By Alderman Babbidge,-" That Amy-street be put in repair at a cost not exceeding £15." By Alderman Babbidge,-"That Berry-street be repaired at a cost not to exceed £20." By Alderman Bibbidge,-"That Bradley-street be put in repair at a cost not to exceed £20." At a quarter to 3 o'clock a special meeting of the council will be held for the purpose of confirm- ing the minutes of a special meeting held on the 16th of April, levying a separate rate of 4d. in the pound upon certain property in Roma-street. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court commence before his Houor Mr. Justice Lut- wyche, Acting Chief JuBtice, in the new I.nw courts this morning, at 10 o'clock. The follow- ing are the coses for trial :-Je.au Tallerre, Einost Geoffroy, and Alexander Four, stealiug from a dwelling ; Frederick Heam, unnatural offence ; Erneat Geoffroy, larceny from ti dwelling ; Henry Charles Cosier, false pretences (three charges) ; Henry Francis Donaldson and George Edmonds, forgery ; Julius Frederick Leopold Hnlistain, false pretences (three charges) ; James William Dowling, fraudulent insolvency. Mr. Virgil Power will act as Attorney-General during the sitting. At the City Police Court on Saturday, before W. H. Day, assistant police- magistrate, two drunkards made their first appearance and wore discharged with a caution, a third was fined 10s. with the option of twenty-four hours' in the cells, and a Bimilarpeualty was inflicted on afourthfor being drunk while in charge of his horse and cab. The Dalby Herald Bays :-" Two years of com- plications have brought the social and economi- cal perplexities of the colony to aciisis. Two years of blundering in Government have aggravated that, and added a public deficit to private stringency. And now we are confronted by falling prices and failing markets. In truth, it looks very like beginning again. We have no fear of the ultimate result if the people wake from their apathy and uuthiukingness, and will rely more upon themselves and reflect upon the how und why. If Mr. M'llwraith had the wisdom of Solomon, the wealth of Croesus, the patience of Job, and the virtues of Andrew Marvel, he could not lead us out of the dilemma we are in without a very great chango in our system of administration, whether as respects our land laws, our immigration, our public works, or our finances. He cannot effect that change without much patience on the part of the people, without a recourse on their part to that practice oí self-help which lies at the root of all pros- perity. To change the effects of natural laws, to escape the pressure of ecouomio ones, is beyond the power of auy in.iu. Drought and war, and hesitating trade, and failing markets aud falling prices we can neither Hy from nor control.^ What is left to us is the power of adaptation, the Beizure of opportunity, the economical use of resources, the patience to wait, and the resolution to bear. And if this Ministry, or any othor Ministry, will teach us that lesson in public affairs, they will be worthy of the respect of a peoplo who respoct themselves. If all-our troubles and trials lead to that, the price will be little in comparison to the gain." Our ( Wide Bay News) Burrum correspondent writes that the Government have stopped the permanent survey of this line. The news from Sydney is somewhat indefinite, but it is certain that Mr. Hurley will soon be in Brisbane to interview the Government, and will then come on to Maryborough. Mr. M'llwraith promised when interviewed, that Government would enter- tain any reasonable proposal for making this railway by a'private company. It romains to be seen if Government will. No such fall of rain has been experienced in this district (says the Queensland Times) for the last three or four years as that which took place on Thursday and yesterday. Throughout the night of the latter day especially, the rain descended very heavily, and, being accompanied by a strong south-easterly wind, has done a good deal of damage to standing crops. The down- pour appears to have been a very general one, but much heavier along the coast than in the interior, as the following record of the rainfall for the previous twenty-four hours, and which has been kindly furnished to us by our local tele- graph station-master, will show : - Ipswich, 3.77in. ; Fassifern, 3in.; Brisbane, 5.62in.; Sand- gate, 5.73in.; Caboolture, 7.24in.; Beenleigh, 8.13in.; Toowoomba, 1.98in.; Warwick, 1.77in.; Stanthorpe, 1.68in.; Goondiwindi, 2.72in.; Cleve- land, 5.15in.; Gympie, 1.82in. The downfall caused the Bremer to rise rapidly on Thursday night, and yesterday afternoon it was about 25ft. above its ordinary level, and was then still rising. If the rain continue for another night, and the Brisbane River backs up, we shall have a very heavy flood. The One-mile Bridge is already submerged, and all traffic in that direction con- sequently stopped. The roofs of the sheds at the wharves were just above water yesterday, but the coal-shoots were completely covered. As might be expected, the heavy downpour has injured to some extent the streets in some parts of the town, and we notice that the Roderick street culvert has again been considerably damaged. A rather serious slip took place on the railway line near Moggill Ferry early yester- day morning, and traffic was completely blocked during the whole forenoon. The following is the text of the last letter received by Mr. Monk, of the Wombat, which we take from the Australasian:-"Melbourne, April l8, 1879.-Sir, I have seen by the papers that your dam is settled, and you will soon be the same, but it will not be water I will let out, but it will be blood. I am glad that the police are completely off the scent of the Kelly gang, and in the letter I received from Dan he made me an offer of £100 to do away with you, which offer I accepted with the greatest of pleasure, not only for the money, but for the pleasure of the thing. I am not writing this only to frighten you, but I really mean to carry out my threats. I may not do it this month, but I shall by the next. I can only get out of town for a fortnight to do it, and if not when I can. I am not a very crack shot like Dan, but I shall take d-n good care to get near enough to pop you with my air- gun, as it is shaped like a walk- ing stick, and they will not know I did it till they find your worthless old carcass. I will now conclude with my curse to you and love to wife. I remain,-Never Mind Who, Mr. Monk, Mansfield." On the inside of the envelope is written, " Dan sends his curse to you." It bears the Melbourne post-mark of April l8. The letters have been the cause of throwing Mrs. Monk into a state of dangerous illness. We are glad to find from the same source that Ministers had under consideration on Tuesday the case of Mr. Edward Monk, of the Wombat Ranges, who has been subjected to persecution by the Kelly sympathisers. Ministers recognise the necessity of holding Mr. Monk free from loss, and we un- derstand that they will purchase his property, so as to enable him to start business in another dis- trict where he will be free from danger, and that the site of his premises will be used for a police station, the situation being a favorable one to serve as a check on the lawless characters of the neighborhood, and to enable the police to be in proximity to the supposed retreat of the Kelly gang. The following, from the Melbourne Age, rather takes the gloss off Mr. Monk's chivalry and patriotism :-" Ever since it was first reported that Mr. Monk had been shot at whilst travelling through the bush near Mansfield by some sup- posed Kelly sympathiser the police have been actively engaged in prosecuting their investigations in relation to the mysterious occurrence. The result of the investi- gations, we believe, will be found to be some- what remarkable. A strict examination has been made of the spot where the alleged shooting took place, the bullet hole in the saddle has been carefully examined, and also the mark caused by another bullet on the horse's leg. The effect of this scrutiny upon the minds of the police has been to give rise to serious doubts concerning what is said to have taken place. It is stated that the hole in the saddle must have been caused from a shot from above, and that it could not have resulted from a shot fired in an upward or horizontal direction. A bullet fired, however, by a man on foot at another man on horseback must have an upward, and could not by any possibility have a downward tendency. Another curious circumstance is the fact that the bullet has been found in the saddle, which would indicate that the pistol from which it was fired had very little powder in it, or otherwise it must have gone through. The direction of the mark on the horse's leg is also inexplicable when regarded in the light of Mr. Monk's revelations. Besides these facts there is another circumstance which is thought to bear significantly upon the state- ment that Monk was shot at by a man who met him in the bush. It is alleged that Monk fired one shot aud his assailant two. It is rumored, however, that when the police took possession of Monk's pistol it was found to have three barrels empty ; and, what is still more remarkable, the bullet found in the saddle exactly fits Monk's revolver. It is evident that the police will do well to enquire very carefully into the matter, and it is not improbable that when their investi- gations have been completed something altogether different from what was espected may turn up." 