TELE GRAMS. (From our own Correspondents.) POET MAODONNELL, June 18, Arrived ,-Penola, steamer, from Adelaide, Coorong, steamer, from Adelaide, via Warr narabool. Sailed.-Penola, for Melbourne. . Passengers -MesurB, Crowe (2), Mr. A. H. Floranoe, wile andohild. Two in steerage. Coorong, for Adelaide, Six in steerage. ADELAIDE, June 18, The division on the no-confidence amendment resulted in a majority of twenty for the Govern* ment, . It is proposed to enlarge the Adelaide Post Office by extending it over the ground ocoupied by the Police Station, . The foundations for the new Institute, whloh were put in at considerable expense, are con-i detuned as unfit to curry the superstructure,.. A nurse named Abigail Fitzgerald has been committed for t.i i»l for the manslaughter of Mary K'ain, whom she had attended in her eon* flnemeut. ' The Imrque Olifton brings a cargo of Canadian jjaannfaQtyres from Canada. 1, ,It; ift'rumored that Mr, A. Hartfy, M.P., is be made a Queen's Counsel. Wheat, 48, lid, to 6s. per bushel afloat at .Port Adelaide, : , , . MELBOURNE, June 18, i The final arrangements for the reception of Mr, Berry have been made. He is to lend at Williamstown on Tuesday afternoon, where addresses will be presented to him. A special train will convey him to Melbourne, At Spencer- street station Mr, Berry will be met by delegates from the Reform League and the Trades' Unions, who intond in the evening to have a torchlight procession, with bands play tog. Hd will then proceed to the Treasury, where more addresses of congratulation will be presented. The electric light will be used to illuminate the proceedings in the evening. . I Lady Normanby's health is extremely pre-' carious. Sir F. F. Mueller, Government botanist, was entertained at a complimentary, bauquet last; evening, in celebration of the dignity of knight hood recently conferred upon him., ., , ' The Germans at Sandhurst celebrated last night the Emperor of Germany's gulden wedding. 1 Mr, Krupp was present. J Professor Pepper, of Ghost Illusion celebrity, is shortly expeote^ inJvie|bourn$, ' ':i' SYDNEY, June'iBi ' ' A disturbance whioh ooourred at the Infirmary . resulted in the resident medieal officers bajug suspended. Revelations are oxpeoted. It is r&mpred; that sourvy exists amongst the patients, , At the grocers' picnic- un influential affair when the health of the Acting- Governor was proposed only tlirco persons atood up j the others were pulled down by their wives and daughters, op; refused to honor the toast. The tune " For he's a jolly good fellow," was drowued amid hissed and groans, and cries of "No toast" and "Hanging Governor." Tha Ifaecutlvo wore to finally deoide the case of Metcalfe and Wilkinson to- day. Exhibits for tho Exhibition are quickly arriv '' ^hero have beon heavy arrivals of sugars and European, merchandise. The arrivals to-day inducted London and Mauritius vessels. It is reported that an officer of the Lalla Rookh billed a seaman with a marlin spike, The officer lias been arrested. The coffee palaoes. are popular. A projeot (or their establishment was floated in an hour. ; PERTH, June 18. The last quarter's revenue shows an exoess over the. expenditure of upwards of £6,000, 