Tiikkb aro some incidents connected with tho re-baptising of tho premior goltlliuld 011 the banks of the Tamnr which call fur some spceinl notice. Tho clmnfre from the familiar and more1 practically under stood appellation : of BrandyCreek," to the> more aristocratic, titlo of (f Beacons- field," .ib, of , no great couscquonco as a social or' political ovont. It is merely, olovotin" this particular deposit ioLtlio royaloro to tho poerage among jts rival diggings, without any clmnco of increasing, the extent or . tho valuo of its riclios;' As a rulo, aliases aro not to bo commended ; ; but there are .exceptions, and this iis one. But nlthoiigh tlie re-chriBtoning may bo a matter insignificant when taken by itself, still, considoring tho ' position of < tlio ofiiciating celebrant jf a nto so sacred, and tho authority with which i his position impresses his uttorancos, a cortain amount 'of interest; must bo attached to tho words that fell from His Exeolloncy on so inter esting- an- occnslon, and whioli havo gono forth on tho wings of- tho Press, 'with all tho glittering -attractions of vice-regal parentage. It is truo tho Governor, guarded himsolf against being supposed to express any opinions but- his own ; but wo :havo no - doubt . lie , represented faithfully those of a vory largo number of the crowd who had tho pleasure of hearing htm, particularly when ho gave it as his opinion (i that ; I#ord Bcacousfiold ' ,was tho grcatosb statesman England bad over produced, nnd thnt bad he boon better, supported by tho people, at first, thoru would havo boon no war between Russia nnd;Turkoy." Thoro is achargo of ignorant 'or unpatriotio Imbcojljty, or something worso implied in this sweeping and apocryphal eulogy upon Lord Ben- consfiald's : statesmanship, which can ouly bo uccriuniod ;for by supposing that .His Excellency had entirely over looked tho ovouts of tho ,throo yqaqs 'pyccedingj tho. actual conmioncoinbnt of hoHtilitlos 'b'clwoen Russia and Turkey. Tlio ovonts aro fast in tho grasp of history, and- no ingonuity or artifiqQ of ilorid rhotorio,will yimblo LordiBoaoonsfied and Ills ecstatic, worshippers to oscapo, tho force of their logic. ' . . It so Imppons, that among tho people, of England there aro many thousands of intelligent -mid observing -men who aro far ahovo evoti tho suspicion of boing influenced unduly in tho forming of tlioir opinion, and who have attentively studied tho Eastern question in all its latest phases, who hold that it wits Lord Bda- consliold, acting through his but- too willing medium, rt Constantinople — Mr. Layard, thoBritish Ambassador — who pro- eipitatod the- war and , provoked the premature interforonco :of Russia. Tim official documents, mutilntediiaud "crmkfid" though thuy be, fully sustuin this view of I.I10 caso. / /it' is not necessary Dm retrace history ; so', /far back at tlm battle of Navariiio, whou Coiistantiriopfo wax left to tho inoroy of the It i/Mian Black Mea fleet. ! Manly though the notion of tlio Torios of that day, ever shall we revert to tho com plication about Egypt in J8IKI and subse quent year, when a war with Franco, on account of Hyrinf was thought to bo imminent. we shall at present— since it ib all that is liccosaary to nccompliali our purpoBO, and sustain our position in oppo sition to that npat, unaccountably assumed by Ilis Excellency — moroly recall tho earlier incidents of tho period immediately proccding tlTo > orifc- .brcak. of tho -Into .war, and cohfino dursolves to" some whiyli cannot- possibly hnvo escaped tho attention ofj intulligent bbsorvo'rs of so -important nil; episode' in Europoaii as, well as. Asiatic history. -' Now, -lot "us 'study Lord . Beaconslicld's own nccouut of his bolrayal of Turkey.' It is tho report of a part of his speech pub- .lishcdJn-.tho«iLTiuios,".2Ist Soptumber,. 187fi, dolivbrod el an agricultural dinner at Aylesbury. NVe inako no apology for, thq)qiigt)i of tjio extracts', .-a'shey contnini matter of tho utmost importance towards the proper understanding of a subject, tho'grontcst labors' and 'talcfnts'liavo been" employcd in misleading. tho public nboutjl ana v glorifying' on'o 'sot' of tnoh" at tho expense and undesorvud reprobation of auoth'or:— VIA '- ' > : ' 1 ". / What' happoued ? Tlint happened which was net expected. ; Survia. declared" war ngainst Turkoy, That is to sayj tho ficcrot socioties .of, Europo,, declared; war upbn'Tnrkdy;"- I can nasurp.yqii/gbntlq- inen, that iu tho -attempt' -'to "conduct tlio govornmcnt of this world thcro aro now clomonts' ;to' boConmdorod '-whiull our lArodoooBHors' lmd not' to deal with. Wo liavo i now?- to doiil, 'not inorely with Emperors/ with 'Princes/ and with Alinis- tors;h> 'Tlloro aro tho Secret ; Societies, an clcmont which wo must takointo account, and. which at tho lnst moment . may bnfllo all our nrrangembnte — pociqtics whiqh. havo rogular agents" everywhere, 'whicl/ r countenance assassinations, and 'which, if, necessary,1 cou'ld .'prmtiico ' a' ' maasdero '(blieora). ! - NVoll, there was hn, end/ 'of uoiirso, to our negotiations; though this' is hardly an expression which couyeys tho general unanimity of the great power nt the moment., t Var haying .commenced botw'eon : Servia and .tho Porte,; ,it 4wns quito iinpossibloi'of courso, to„ attempt to carry out tho v-ows wo, hocl suggested — views whicli,' though hot' absblutcly and formally adopted, were cordially rcccivod by our allies, and subject to many modi- fications'and improvements that wo should havo' received nnd'nccoptod 'in tho 'spirit in 'which they; woro offered,., would have led) T believe, to as; satisfactory a settle ment of thoso great questions as can bo realised ' with the' immensely 'difficult materialslwith. which wo had to deal. ' 1 ' It will bo remarked that, although speaking 011 the 30th September/ ,187G/,a few months beforo tlio' actual commence ment .of . liostilitios,. Lord Benconsfield novor oiico1 hinted tlidt 'the cause of tho' rebellion of some of Turkey's scini- indopehdbnt provinces' whs to be traceable to Russian influences. Tho wholb biamo of, tho.-disturbancQ is, attributable to the action of "Secret Societies" throughout Europe, who declared war against Turkey. Then referring to the war between Tur key and Servia hia Lordship proceeds — Well, this war lias gone on— this out rageous and wicked war, for of nil the wars that ever were waged there never was a war less justiciable than the war mndo by Servia against the Porte. (Cheers.) Tho 1 Porte may hnvo ten tiiousaiul faults— 1 will not say ten thousand crimes, but ten thousand faults— and those faults, its weak Govern ment, nud other circumstances, may lead unhappily to crime. But still there is not tho slightest doubt that as regards the relations between Servia and the Porte, nob only cveiy principle of international law,, not only every principle of public morality,' but every principle of honor was outraged. The Porte was formerly in possession of the chief fortresses In Servia, 110 one questioning its rights ; and it ouly gavo them up because Servin made strong representations to tho Great Powers and because the Great Powers , pledged their honor almost to Turkey that if ' she would only! give up the Belgrade nnd tho other /qrtressus she 'ulmnld nuvnr lm niihoyed by Servia— it was only through that that tho Somiuis lind tho power of making the resistance which thoy lm'vo mudo. Now you 'have this whr.' I hopo I am not Infringing tho rules of the Jtoyal Bucks Agricultural Sooiety. ("No; ! no," and " go on "), for I oiune hero to talk about tho brightness of your hai'loy, whether1 it had tlio ' brightness which brewers love, and I did not care to touch much unoii theso subjects, (Laughter.) What has happened since that fatal mistake, for eyon if yuu divest tho uVcnt of nll uiond and political considerations, the- Servian war is a fatal niistnkc ? What has, been the conduct of -Rur Majesty's Government? The moment Her Majesty's Government ascertained that servia was bcatcd, exhausted, nnd in .a state of much despair,, wo, .communicated con- :fideiitiaily with " Servia. 'We said:; " Wo cannot offer- to mcditnt« because that would, be linblo misunderstanding,, and it might be ' said horenftcr it was .beoauso of -onr' oireriiig to 'mediate that you did not>mnko:tho defenco of which you Iwero capablo ; but if youfirid yourself in a position in whicli your affair aro desperate, communicate with England, nnd wc will giv you all tho friendly offices wc can." > (Loud cheers.) Well, what happened? In a very short time Servia came to J£tiglntu1 and said : .",D.o Tvhat ,you' can' for us." .-Wo havo done what wo can for them, (joud olioors.) Lord Derby, tlio Minister who does nothing (laughter), carried through a successful me diation under tho most difficult circum stances; (Ifear, hear,)- Turkey was) trium phant. She had crushed these ungrateful subjects of the Suzerain. But Lord" Derby ' not only induced all the Powers to act witlr him in mediation; lie obtained tho most diffi cult thing in.tho wprld— an armistice, because Turkey naturally said, "Wo have . been i inrnded iu the most gross a and outrageous manner : wo havo defended' ourselves . with vigor and success ; wo aro now tlie winning party; and. to ask us to grant an armistice when at the end of tlie armistice thoio whom wo look upon as rebels will, attack us with ronovatod energies, is' against' all- tho principles nnd oxpcricnco of that civilisation , of. which you bq much boast, 1 Who- can uuiiy uiui, urn,, hum a pieu iu uo resjicciiuiiy listened to? But Turkoy said, "Wo 'know tlio < cli flicultios undcrwluch all tlio European' States aro laboring, ospocinlly with tlie prejudices against our Government. Wc aro perfectly willing to grunt peace to Servia on liberal and g norous terms— nay, on terms vhicli/yoq j shall yourselves decide. What wo ask is that whou you domnnd'an armistice yon will nt tho snmo timo let the .principles, /pf . tlmt jpencQ bo ilmontionod." Well, thcro were very great difficulties," Wo havo it horo admitted in tlio plainest tonus that it was manly through .tho interference of Lord Boacqnsfiold and 'liis colleagues that Turkey was proventcd, from tanipipg out jnsiiiTOotion in her rebellious provinces, nnd Mottling, for a timo at least, the Eiustorn Question iu 'such'a inntnior as to deter Russia from again assailing. Turkey for many years to oomo." But for tho < armistico V thcro would liavo been no war. Tho Turks would have occupied all tho fort resses of Sorviq, lier/egnvinn, and' Bosnia ; and . Russia, far ' from . boing . at tho1'' timo "proparod for war/ would have been deterred from' attacking or provoking tho Sultan to q : conflict in volving in its issue tho vory existence of his; Qtupire... Ever, ninco tho Into Lord Dorby's Ministry cauio into; oflicy, ,th, British AiubasHauoi' has bean oniployod to involve tho govornmonts of Ruhhiii and Turkey 'in compliiiatidrisi bET every kind. Jn fact/lit has been a trial of diplomatic duplicity botwocn Layard and gnntioff,< nnd it is ovon , now difficult' to decide which Ins proved himsolfj'to bo tqo most fatal enoiuy to tho Turk and tho fntnro poaco of tho : world. His lordship thus concluded his ronmrks . You cnniiofc do nlway that which ,is..jiisfc or right. You mnat do that which on tho wliolo you think is for tho benefit of Liirop and for the general advantage, J may say, of itutnau nature, (Cheers,) Lord Derby, has exerted tlio influence of England on thoso points, nnd ho has absolutely iiidifccd/Purkey to rigrco ton virtual armistico— a suspension of .arms , without dato, atul to " leave the scttleincat/bf the termst of peace, botwoen Sorviahnd Turkoy to tiie decision of tho six Powers. (Cheers.) Now this is tho Mitiistcr whokloc3 nothing. (Laughter.) . I whut to know what Kuropcon Minister. lias 'done so iiiuch or has done it so efficiently ? (Bear, hear.) I havo tried to place before my friends hero what is tho real state of affairs. We liayejgqfr-ft-jjncccssfnl "mediation 'an'dran effcetive armistice. (Cheers.) Now, what iq tho ijcxt stp ? Why, the uext etep is foi-, .Lord jJcfliyi .on thoparb df.-the Govcrninoht)/ to recur exactly to the position which he occupied before thu Servian War. What -was- thnt position? It was' an1 attempt to" sottlo with the concurrence of all the l'owors ofr Kurojic tho future relations that, should subsist between tho Christian s\ibjccts;of; the, I'orto nud choTurkish Government. ' ' Wo hnvo got a successful mediation ntu nu effective armistice." Yes! ns it {sub sequently turnod out to bo, quito ns " successful and oflbctivo" as tho.Borlih Treaty Mil bo found to 'socure " Ponce with' honor." Turkey partitioned! like Poland- - Russia aggrandised nt her ox- ponso— Austria.a sharer in tho spoil; and England herself,; following obediently the counsels 'of . " tho groatest ! atitcdin an sho ' over gave birtliito," although invited. do . attend the . sick patient, Jiolped to) riflo his pockets. Wo should not 00 surprised tOj hcnrthnt.peorgo Canning's ghost was 'scon -flitting about ihd Benconsfield dig gings, 1 sifico it must bo sorely disturbsd,. to lienr tlio fame of its once fleshly, owner tarnished by:the assertion tlut 1 any 'British stntosman of, tho presont' conturyj was considnrod a: compeer-rto1 him1 as/ a foreign Minister, statesman, orator, 'or lovor of his country. 1 : T ! : . : . . . '!' ! friii CTrr I'olicf. Court.— There was nielean sheet at this court on Saturday morning. 1 ' 1'iucK or Tin.— An advance lias takon plnco in tho price ' of tin, and the Mount- BischoffCoinpariy,'nr6 'liow giving 10s. Od. per unit'.— Launccston Correspondent, 1 ,.,7, vlcehkoal and mrnrstkrial. — TJlO Col, Sccrotary, Hon. T. ItciboVj 'M.II.A.,1 pro-' cecded by express on Saturday to tho capital.. His Excellency tho Governor and suito, and the Hon. C. O'Reilly, Minister of Lands, will arrive nt-Evandalo on- Monday- from tlie North- West Coast, .in/time to catcli that' day's express for Hobart Town. — LaunbcBton: Correspondent. | Fall from a Vkiiicle. — A man named; Frederick Eagan, aged 60, was taken to. the hospital yesterday, afternoon, suffering! from, scveral slight wounds to'his face and nead Ho was driving a waggonetto in Elizalictli- . street,'. when. the".horso3'.bolted:and he ; fell from the box receiving the injuries | men tioned. The hurts woro attended to, and ho left tlie institution. Thf. Artilleuv.— A full parade ofj both batteries of the artillery is called for this evening nt tlio drill yard, and directions nro given as to the uniform. to be worn, atd. Wo understand that' tho members of the Ministry hnvo signified their intontinn 'of1 being present at tlie ' parade, ainl it is par-, ticularly requested that thoro shall bo a good attendance.- The liaud- is nlso 01x161011 to nttend. Crrv; Council.— TI10 .Municipal- Council meets .this afternoon; at 4 o'clock, whou tho following business will, bo transacted : — Town Hall : On application, j of librarian, Public Library, for cowls, brought up.at Inst mcot- ing and referred back for furthor informa tion. \Vaterworks s'On.Mr. Gracie's repre sentation; alleged overcharge for meter. Oil report of. Director of Works, on the present means of supply. Public Works ; On appli cation of Mr. K. Gifford for repairs footpath, Hampden Road. On application Mr. J. E. llisby,: < dnugcrouH i 1 condition of retaining wall, corner of Elizabeth and. Davcy-stroots. On application . of Mr. J. Bcaugardo for repairs to footpntii, Batliursttrcot. Police : On application from Sub-inspoctorH-McCon- noil and Pitman, for usual oxtra pay, conse quent on 20 years' service. ; St. Patrick's. Dav.— ' To-day, it ia scnrcoly necessary that wc should reinind'oiir readers, is.tho. great Ifiborninn holiday of tlio! year, and our Trish fellow citizens have deterininod to colobrato tlio day with all appropriate festivity. This morning, as soon as the clocks had proclaimed tho midnight i hour, tho St. Patrick's Society's band, followed' by a largo number of persons, paraded tho streets, playing lively , national melodies, To-day the. Domain will lie tho principal scene of. amusement,' , whero; athletic sports will bo held uiidcr tho auspices of the St. Patrick's' So'eiely, and in tho e'vetiing there will bo a dramatic and musical ontcrUih- 'tnent in tlio TasihfuiianJ Hall,. /and, a tea meeting qndr concert, in the St. Peter's Hal), the latter givtm 'by tho mombers of .the H.A.C.B. Society. j , i-ANOniRii Stowaway. — A - young man named Simpson was taken out of-, tho pail Inckor of the barque Sou thorn., Cross' ::on Saturday morning, by .Constables Gadd ami Bcllaine, previously to. that vessel getting uudcnv'eigli' for Duncdin. ' Tho intendiiigi lovnnter is an apprbntico to a carpenter iu Hobart Town/but wished to evado further service by clandestinely leaving tho colony; but his movomen'ts wcro dotcctod, nud, on the offiaors mentioned boing mndo aware of his intention, they searched tlio bnrqiio and found him concealed tinder some spnro'snils in the 'looker, Ho was removed from his hiding plnco. and sent homo. Attempts to stow away on' boimV outwnrd bound sailing vessels and steamers haVe' become rather prevalent lately,- ns we have' heard 'Of several instances - in which1 the : efforts of 'porsqns to. socrete'thomsolves havoiboon frustrated.. . Sunday kuvicpa — Canon 'Brownrigg, of Laiiiicoston/ prencii'ed nt 'St/David's Gathe-, dral yesterday morning beforo aj large, congregation. <.Tn>v(i "poworfnl'sornioir , no, especially advocated tho cause of' the Straits Mission, whicli .tho rev. gentleman i stated was languishing for, lack of/ assistance, and his a)j)cal was liberally responded to;1' In tho cvdnihg il)0:Rev. Caiion'occiipicd tho pulpit at 1 : Trinity Church, who/e l ite idsn . drnwn mfctoiltioili t to i' tllQ mission. and .invoked, the ,. aid . of , JiiSnfienrors. At St; Jolin's Churchj Macqunrio-Rtrcot, tho Rev. James Doiifrom Victoria, officiated ill tho in'oniing,'prcnohiug aii oxceficnt sormon,; to wiiich great attention was paid by a largo congregation. - iii 1 tlio; evoning at tlpisam churcli thoro was 0 sorvico of Hong"Jor juvoniles; the. ltov/vJamcsi Scott/dolivorlng an a npproprinto nddross to a largo number of children who wore presont. Thorp was a1 collootion at the eloso of each sorvico in. aid ,of. tho Sunday school. r;, Tho Towil Hall was! crowded in the' ovcfiitig,' vi'lion Mr, Vnrloy, delivered r a ' very, eloquent , add reus, Tho platform was' oeeupibd by a number of , tho leading oitizens. and , great interest was ninnifostod by ail present ill tho discourse,. During the evening tho United Evangelical Choir sang several of! Moody and nan hoy's Iiy&uiS;'c.vsn of BKowjiiso.— Aiinthor ittiilfiil in'stinco of tlio (lunger which nUcnda nniliiifj (111 tho rivor'hy inoxiwrioncoil puraoiiH oc curred on Sntnrdny nftornoon, wlion a.yniilh lost his lRo, nnd twp.othors nuri-owly cscii|icd drowning.' iThrod'/oung men, 'named dolin Stantoy, h'roiloriok Jsitnam, nnil hrncst Stewart," r- who ' are 1 otnploydd as cAmniisitiira at thoJ-" Mercury )' olllco, chartered a Imat from, Whitohouso, at, thu ferry, for tho piu- poso'of having' a sail dli the river, A strmig snuth-i?cHlcrly wiqd wns blowing ull tho nfLcrnoon', hiid wlieii <»fi" Drmighly I'nfiit, .tho boatywasslrqoU byia; sqqnl.l ami nvnitumnd,' 'J'ha hucupaiitH" wci-u thrown into llm water, and after ' Woriio' Irouhlo thuy rmcccuded.in gaining hold of tho boat, which wns drifting vory slowly towards the shore. After a timo it; righted,; full of; water, but Llm two woro unable to get into it again, , In tliismvnmped condition,, with, the. strength of the young hien'fast .failing/, tho dorel lot wnn tossotl nhput for nioro than twolimirs, but when uoar tiie bVnoli she again .turned over, nnd her adherents were washed away from hor. Two of them,' Stanley and Latham, managed to reach the shore ; but poor Stewart, who was in a very weak condition, wns not1 so suc cessful. When his companions gained the beach they could not see any trace , of him, r ;i»; tio i ' ' : and concluded tlint ho hnd succumbed. By this timo it wns nearly dark, and.thpyset out for assistance. After wan'dbrihg for some time thoy reached tho, houso of Mr, Josephs, who treated thorn very kindly, and thoy then proceeded oil to Belferivo): ' After giving information 'of the occarrenco to the police they caiue on to 1 Foliar t Town. At tlio earliest possible opportunity a search for Stewart was commenced, and yesterday morning his body was found near where ho was last seen. The boat was also dis- rcttVercdrbiitverymttehMhSgedTrr-TIiefiSily- was removed to the Bellerivo police station, .q'fioro, at IJtoclppk this morning, an inquest wiil.bo IioMa Stewart was a few monlhs over 10 yoars of ago, and was an npprcntice at the " Mercury " office, where he was very highly TespcctcdrHo— wns"lsd'"ft"'m6mbc"'bf", lodge qf Quod .' Templars, j and", one; of r.tho, .players in.thc Uilles;Ban.il,a /Jlccoht occur- ren_ues(havo assuredly provon tlie 'necessity wliicli exists for placing some restriction on , the letting of. boats to persons who have -no knowledge' of how tlicy aro to1 bo' managed';' and we recomtnchd, to tfie consideration of tho authorities, the question- as -.tq ,wliother 'or hot watcrmcii 'siiould.bp 'allbwcd' td hire their boats so iiidlsoriminately, J n Tub Mauinb .Board,— \Votharo to I com plain this.morning«»f the action of tho offikors. of tho'Mariiio lloard/ wh'o have committed .what has evety appearanco.f being. a.breach , of faith. Feeling thcntercst-that- attached to the resuIt (of ( tlie deliberations -; of /the united boards, and knowing, that, it 'was not the' practice of 'tho' Southern' b'oily to admit the Press to" their meetings, ono of our, re porters w'aited'upontho/secretary and1 re-' quested information ns' to when and How'we1 couj(l i obtain) a'>resumb of -tho prdcQodinga.1 JIoiIi:intcrviewcd >:'ithati'gehtl«'nmnj j and Mr. A. G. Webster, 'ioneioMtho. (Wardens, | ill';,. tho. -office', of/ the board, i< nnd wns assured ,; byi:', tho lattery gentlemnn ' that tho members of tlio body had not the slightcst.desirc to withhold, any information- from tlio. press, .but; added ) tlint' thoy could not "understand' what advantage; there was to/be dorived by engaging tho attention of 'tho reportera 'during their length sittings, when nil that was of- interest could 'boob-, tairtod froiii " the secretary at their bloie.' Mr, Webster furthor stated that lie would move, and thatiMr. C. M. Iaxwell would second, a motion to the. effect that after the meeting of that .day thnt the. secretary should fpiqvnrd roports ;oft the. proceedings, to both: journals./ Upon the understanding that wo' wero'to bo supplied witii tho desircd-inforhi- ation, our representative retired,' Wo'didnoti .recoivo any cominuiiichtion from any.person 'on the subject; but in its Saturdhys |issuo our. contemporary containod a- liiinute of tho, meetings1 hold/ which) r it ; was i'statcd, had been obtained from the 'secretary/ who had .despatched a' messenger to .the ofiice, inform ing them that tho required, iusiglit »to the doings of tho Board was available. -<Wo have- detailed the facts of the case, t which wo' leave forthe, judgment tof our, readers, and, conclude by expressing the hope/that tfie ignoring of the ' " Trifiun'o " was 'uninten- tional; ' Triii Rf.v. A, D. Ktninmont.— Ah enter tainment was/field on Tuesday evening last, at tlio'-Meclianics' Institute, Launceston.'in ' aid of the City Band Fund. ,The programme consisted of readings by the ltev. A. -D/ . Kininniont, and vocal music f by.' lady and gentlcmon residoiits. There was a vcryilarga audience present, nnd tho funds of the!band must ,havc been considerably augmented by tlio' amount of cash taken at the door. ; Tho rov. gentleman contributed 110 less ' than clevor items, most; of . thoin being of con siderable length, in fact they proved too long and uninteresting for a large portion of tho audience, which became impatient, and would insist on trying to- get encores for the vocalists, notwithstanding tho fact thnt Mr.: Kiiiinmont had stated at the commencement that nono would he allowed, Tho uproar, howovor, continued, and at last became so great that tho rcv. gciitlcman rather lost his temper, and threatened to stop tlie biitcr-, taininent: altogether, amidst cries of " shut up tho readings nnd giro us; the singing part'!; froni< the ; far/ ondof tlio hall, After the noiso had partially subsided' Mr. Kininmont addressed thu tuulionce, and said that it was the first time in his life that ho hnd ever boon .insulted, and his rendincrs in Lauticeston would be memorablo oiics to him. Several of the people then left the instituto, and tlio cntcrtninmonb proceeded. Tho loudly expressed opinions of the di9con- tontod ones woro no doubt not' right, but at the same timo 1 think it ,was very injudicious of.Mr. Kininmont to appear so rnnn'y timos, before' an audience. 1 Had ho contributed. , three or four items instead .of .cloven, ho would, I. nm certain have been listonod to -with great pleasure, but, tho continuous re currence of the readings was provocative of great monotony, hence the.disturbqncei I'he Arab's Farewell ' to" " Ills' Steed)" by) AIFss 'Archer, was the gem of tlio' evening,' and was greeted with a perfect ovation, ""pallor . HcrrinY.'l by Miss; Ada Webster,) rwns also very/prettily ,sung botli. thoso( ladies I bejng very evidently;. great favorites.; /f Nancy Lee, " by Mr/ . Boston, was, well 8ung,.nnd-thej finto" solo ' . by' Mr. . E, W. Wboclgatc, ' was splendidly rendered/ as .wns also the "jlick- hiig Trib." My/First and Last , Visit to the Play " was Mr.1 Kininmont's best effort, and wns' very well read; Miss A. Hart gave grcatsatisfactionasncbompanyist, and Mr;'A.' Wallaco made an able conductor. — Launcca-' ton Correspondent. j ;; y; ; » | -fy" "'LiCuitino' thf/ 'Leadino Towers/— Tlio: necessity, of lighting, tho lending toworst. th'o'entranco to tho river 'Tahinr lias boen: further shown' by the faot. that during tho heavy storm !on' Thursday 'night, tlie'steamor Esk from Sydiiey, full of passengers/ and the s.s.1 Avon from 'the North- West - Coast, had to lay outstdo tho Heads the whole bf/tlio night. ;? Had. tho. Icading>to\vcrs boon liglitcd :tho9oyeasols. could. -have ; run in/ and have not only obtained shelter ? from the storm, but liavo saved a considerable > portion of .time iii thoir discharge.— Launccston ;Corre- 'apondbnt; , ) : .'i -i ' A" SkiiTous CirARfiR. — At the Police Court .on Saturday.Clmi'lcs. Richards was brought up on romand; charged wifeh' having thrown corrosive fluid 'upon the bed of a noighbor, Mrs. Jane Giddins, From tho ovidenen it appeared. that iSlrs. Oiddins liad proceeded against Rud .obtainod.the conviction of 'two women— great friends of Richards— for ( breaking her windows, nnd tho cowarilly ruffian pi rcvon'go obtained a quantity of :8ulpliurio acid, which ho, at a Into (hour nt niht, poured througli one -of tho brokaii windows on to tho bed, wherein Mrs, Giddins mid' her two' daughters slept. , ; Fortuiiatoiy, tho family had been staying' 'up to) watch that no furthor'damngo was done tlie win- down hyltho women before alluded to; otlior- wiso thoy would have 1 been drenched with .,tho.(.ncid, /which ,i«: inost /injurions | in its, natni'o. - Tho accused .was fully, committed for trial. — Launccston Correspondent. . . Floohs at Launckston.— With tlie heavy doVnpnur'of 'ji'liursday nioht'enme tho psqal ncconinvnitnent /of/a flood. The alterations recently effected hi 'the street' crossings !>y covered earthen wxrodraihs liad tho ebntrary! effect' to what thoy werb intended' for. Iii. tlio iiight' time' tho pipes1 became (choked with Hand and dohrisj-nnd in conscquonco the watcr. u'nablo to' find1 its proper outlet, (Spread: over-. the |straots) i rendering locomo tion over thorn far from delightfull Over tho cross- street, cftt, the foot of those road- ways ,in n high situation, heaps of(sand and; debris 'wero siltcd'hp/ mid on -Friday and. yesterday tho corjwratiou'.labQrors.werq em- tilbycd in effecting, elearariob) / The houses' in low-lying localities woro) I learn, partially flhuilbil, ' but ' tlio greatest ''damage wcer-j Uincil wns occasioiied "" by' '.'the i waters (Ininmed - by ' tlie r.ohokod drain (at tho junction of York: nnd -Charles strcots — Mr. .A\M,T,;iBoll .having ihad '-£200.1 of stock dnmngud, and Mr. Stophensqn, printer, £20. Qni.F.riday.ihnt . slight showers; .were 'ex- jjoriehccd, and tho wcathor.as I write shows, Hi'giis .of breaking, although -n weather-wise' individual hns just prognosticated a week's " lioavy wot." If so, "it will bo a great boon to tho country, ns, from what I have learned, stock hnvo been falling off in condition,' in consoqueiico of tho poverty of feed.— Laun ccston Corr«s|H»ndcnt. Tho secretary announces that payments for tho Good Icimdai-H Permanent Mutual Bouofit BulldiiiK and Investment Society nro to be I made this evening from 0,30 to 8,30 o'clock 