I8THmE2ffdBALMIirGILEA3>l To THE J&DIXOB.; Sib,—I am a comparative stranger here, but I have now and then to transact bufflness with the Commercial Bonk. On approaching the premises on my last visit my olfactory nerves were attracted by one of' the most pungent and disagreeable odourB it was ever my misfortune to ex-, perience. Upon further observation I discovered the cause of this perfume in the shape of some poind slimy moisture which oozed a'ong the side of the road, ' seeming to itself a passage through earth, - stones, and grass by the very strength of its poisonous stench. I am told that this is not unusual—in fact, that it is the normal condition of this portion of.the town. Shafehpeare must have had Borne such scene as this in his minds eye when he made Hamlet's ghost talk of " the fat weed that rots itself in ease on _Jtet;be wharf." ]E* there no remedy for this 1—ho means of preventing this noxious death- dealing matter from poisoning the air we breathe 1 " Have we no Board of Health J—-no District Council ?" I asked of a Mend of mine {who, by the way, is an inveterate punBter). " No District Council 5" he replied, " Have wejaot Full-a-ton of them; do they not shingle and mak-lpud noise like ^gunning, and rise like mountains peak on peak 1" "Come, come," I Baid, ** stop that^ or yon will be banished to the seaside" to keep company with that . prince cf nuisances, the Kingston punster. Recovering himself from the effects of my stern rebuke and the horror of the thought of such a future, he said—" Til tell you what you..do: write to the paper." What fWPCr 7" I asked. He gave me a look of withering contempt, mingled with pity, an<rsstci '* Whoi paper ¥—why, the Narrucoorte jHtrald # Course." Then Ke . began a lectifrc upon the pow&j-; ol the j Press—the digrw/ of theFoiirth Estate, j etc., etc. I sal \ "You are right: the] Press is a nfighr -power. In proof, itis l currently-repeat-i I t 'England that Tjon^j '"BeaconsfieJdJbufHinrea-was caused by) ier'a lading-articles uponEngljsh-polmes^. and the enormity of the crimes -of ihd Conservatives." My Mend shook me warmly by the hand, and, pointing to th.? slimy little stream, said " O River and was gone. So, Mr. Editor, I determined to write and ask your help in this-matter. Can you not use your powerful influence to remedy this wretched state of Affairs. We have bad our warnings. ■. Sickness and _ death bare been amongst.us, and we ar$ caluily looking on inviting their approach ^ again by leaving tins nuisance unchecked \- uiatil by and by we shall rival the great ritv of stinks. ^ ISarracoorte, Nov. 22. COLOGNE, j 