TO-DAY 5B not exactly big with the fate of CATO end of Home. Bat, at the same time, the ceremony which will take place at tbe top of Boorke street, Melbourne, this afternoon, will, as a preliminary to what has to follow, hara a very great influence on the future of this country. In other words, the third and last session of the present Parliament will be opened to-day by his Excellency the Marqais of NOBILAKBY ; and momenta lis events will, beyond all question, be associated with- its proceedings. Usually, when a new session begins, the first consideration which presents itself is, whether there will be a Ministerial crisis. Daring the recess, parties generally undergo more or less disintegration; and s trial of strength usually follows between Minis terialifits and the Opposition shortly after tha House has been reopened. Whether this " is done openly or covertly, however, depends altogether upon how the Opposition think they stand with the Honse and die country. If thay are of opinion that the Ministry are weak inside and ontside the Assembly, then the Opposition don't delay tabling a rote of confidence to oast the Government from the Treasury benches. If, on the other hand, tbe Opposition are doabtfnl of their ground —by no means convinced that the Treasury benches can be carried, though thinking there is something like a prospect of this end bang attained—then they eet to wort in a different way. Then the Opposition endeavor to get to the same end a little later on by quietly manoeuvring amongst the Ministerial supporters who have manifested signB of dtssatisf action with the Government proceedings. One or other of these contingencies is nearly always associated with the commencement of every new session; and until the Opposition are - satisfied that there is no chance of disturbing the Ministry, the House does not settle down fairly to business- But there- is no risk to the BEHBY Ministry in these commonplace doings at the commencement of a new session. Nor is there anything pending of this kind to give to tbe session which opens to-day the importance that has to be attached to tbe reassembling of Parliament on this occasion. As far indeed as the Government are concerned in this connection, they are ss safe and soond as though their continuance in office depended wholly and solely cm their own will and pleasure. There has been no disturbance daring the recess in the ranks of their followers. _ Or, if there has been, it has not shown itself, owing to its biffing nature. Consequently, nothing Eke party scheming ia to be feared ; or anything like an attack on the Treasury benches from the Opposition to be expected. Nevertheless, the aessioa which will open to-day win be of the greatest public importance—of more interest, perhape, than any of Its predeceseacs have been for yeas past; mud a ray fqw remarks . will give pant and force to these observations. The session which opens this afternoon wffl practically decide, once and for all, two questions. The first is, whether there is to be constitutional reform after the Liberal desire. The second is (and it is wholly connected with the first),^whether the affaire of this country are st91 to lie controlled by a small and persevering c&qoe;, or by the people—osing the latter temfai ito broadest possible signification. Hitherto the Assembly has always been playing, so to speak, with this great enbject It has been fsi t by all Govenm^nta which have taken it in hand, that there was only one rhanre of doing anything in this way, and that was by obtaining the consent of die second Chamber to whatever was proposed fot the purpose. Conseqwntly, only half-and-half measures were tabled; and whatever was attempted to bring the two Hocaee into accord, displayed % very tanqroos spirit oo the part of those who aasodsted tfaemsdves with the venture. But the matter assumee * totally diffiarsnt aspect now, notwithstanding all the MWIIW which the Opposition journals wi&e; oo the enbject As a totter cf fact, Oh Hhrisfay now bow that whatever shape reform takes daring this session, it will become law, if endorsed by the people. All this will be attained, in spite of anything that may be done to the contrary by the Causal, because if the bill cannot be pushed into law here, the step requisite to attain the end desired will then be taken by the Colonial Office. The subject is, consequently, put in a well- defined shape at last for bong settled. This is very diSereDt to the condition it was ever in before; and, therefore, whatever excuse there might have been previously for trifling over this great question, there is none now why the task Ehould not be taken in hand briskly and with determination, and everything done, that a Ministry can put in motion to get it thoroughly disposal of by tbe Assembly and the people. Well, this is precisely how the Ministry mean to deal with die question of constitutional reform, by which the rule of the majority will be assured, and the power of the Council for evil be entirely removed; and it is precisely in this circumstance that the session which opens today assumes so much importance. It wiil bring the whole movement for reform to a focus; it will Bee a measure tabled that will realise aH the ends eo long desired by the Liberal party when passed into law; that measure, beyond sll donbt, will be affirmed by the Assembly; and, if rejected by the Council, then it will be submitted to tbe country as the final step to be token to have that bill carried into law either by the Conndl or the Colonial Office. This is a great piece of work, indeed, for a session of Parliament to witness and perform. But it is the work which is martod out for the season which wBl open this afternoon; and hence the great interest and importance that are associated with its proceedings. Of course there will be other questions to consider and dispose of; and these will be duly set forth in the Governor's speech to-day. Bat they all fade into comparative insignificance when set side by side with the greater question that will f*'imp op for consideration in a few weeks. Constitutional reform is the piece de resistance of the session; and upon it hinges the future of the Government, as well as the power, or otherwise, of the Liberal party. The session which opens to-day has, therefore, a great work to perform; although, thanks to Mr BEBBY'S viEit to London, the way is made pretty clear and smooth for its deliberations. Bat whether matters go on smoothly or not. it is to be hoped the work will be gone about in a businesslike way; in a staunch spirit; and in a mnwnftr satisfactory alike to the Assembly and the people. This is the duty that devolves npon the Government ; and we hope they will show themselves equal to the occasion. THESE was a very remarkable debate in tbe House of Lords, which yet came to nothing, some few weeks siaoe. It arose from a motion of the Marquis x>f HCSTLT, for the appointment of a .Royal Commission to enquire into the present depressed state of trade and agriculture in the old country. The Prime Minister answered the proposer of tiie motion, and in doing so put an extinguisher on the proposition. An enquiry by a Boyal Commission, Lord BEACONS- FIELD argued, would do no good. Trade and agriculture cannot be controlled and regulated by legislation; and, moreover, the causes which have produced tbe existing depression in these departments of the national industry are world-wide, not local, and are therefore wholly beyond remedy. Now, the point that concerns og Victorians in this debate is the fact, which, though of a negative kind, is very instructive— that there did not occur in it a single reference either to the tariff or to the conduct of the Government. Tbe Marquis of HCKTLY did not charge the distress he deplored on the fiscal system of Great Britain; neither did he tax the Government with being tbe authors of the paralysis that has fallen on commerce, and the distress that has overtaken the farmers. He knew better than to do anything of that kind. On the contrary, he spoke like a sensible man, and referred corresponding effects to their proper causes. As to fanning, for instance, the reasons for its present low state are obvious enough. There has been a eucceeaion of bad harvests; the pries of com has fallen, inatryrt of rising, in the face of thia fact, simply bom the circumstance of there bang an over-abundant influx of the staff of life from the United States; freights from abroad have been very low; the cost of carriage from foreign ports has decreased folly 35 per cent.. All these adverse inflnflnfaw have been working together against the fanner, and their combined action has brought him to the verge of ruin. It is calculated that the deficiency in the harvests of the past three years amounts to £30,000,000 per annum. Then, the American corn-growers and graziers can land cargoes of wheat and of fresh meat at London and Liverpool cheaper, by a good deal, than the English agriculturist, with his high rents, can grow either staple. These are the reasons why the latter is reduced to such straits at the present time. Bot here the Times cornea in with a very shrewd and significant remark. If the Euglieh fanner, it says, finds that he cannot face the competition of the grower of corn or breeder of stock in Michi gan, the question becomes more SL owner's than a fanner's question. This is quietly taming the tables on the Marquis of HUN TLX and his class with a witness! The short and tbe long of it is that rents must come down, if English agriculture is to be saved from perishing altogether. A moet formidable competitor has spring np on the broad prairies of the Western continent, and the time has passed when scarcity and consequent high prices, with the concomitant drcnmstance of starvation for the working millions, were the of the farmer's fortune. The Michigan cultivators and graziers have no heavy rent to pay. Thar land is their own property—not that of _ and revelling in an income of princely amount. Bat, in the meantime, the Amnrtran wheat and freeh carcases are admitted into British porta duty free; for such , is the fixed principle of the free-trade system which English statesmen have all set their hearts upon. We don't in the least quarrel with them for that; but we simply point to the fact that American competition, free-trade, and high rents, cannot possibly go together. The landlords of England—who are also its lawmakers—mast make their choice which of the three factors they win select to stand by. All the maxims of ADAM SMITH, all the logic OF JOHN STUABT WRR.R.^ all the postulates of the science of political economy, caoDot help them here. Either they most keep oot the foreign products, by means of a restrictive tariff, or else they nmstredoce their rait rolls very considerably. At tha point the matter stands for the present, and it wffl be bothinstrective and interesting to watch its further development As to the causes of the depreesion lnbaae, these have been too frapientfy enumerated to need rmtHtwnmt. There has been at m««jsll iww^jmiliaptfiin fa mambctOIEB, anl tte ttmmerce ct ifce whole th&A; wprid JMr » MOW or ltas djsluibad state. 1 The Prime Minister dwelt much, in his reply to the Marquis of HUXTLY, on the effect of the altered value of gold on commercial transactions, arising out of the large sapplies of the precious metal sent from this country and California daring the past thirty years. These eEects, he thinks, have helped ranch in disturbing trade and commerce in every part of the globe, and have thus aggravated tbe easting stagnation in Great Britain. Other witnesses testify that the waste of capital in foreign losni, the excessive consumption of intoxicating liquors by the working classes, and the growth of manufacturing industry in other countries, have all had a share in bringing about the same result. In short, the causes are manifold and complex, beyond the skill of tbe most expert political economist to enumerate and trace oat the action of them alL So the Times itself confesses. It argues that the exact nature of the effects produced by the influx of gold, as pointed out by Lord BEACOXS- RRRR.T), cannot be estimated rightly; and yet, antil the real nature of those effects is known, all inferences based on the Tallies of exports and imports must be leavened with uncertainty, so that the very foundation of any enquiry into the existing depression must be unsafe. Here we reach the very core of the whole argument. Over ] and over again in these columns have we set forth the very same conclusion which has now been acknowledged by the House of Lords, endorsed by tbe Prime Minister, and upheld by the Times—the conclusion, namely, that the causes of disturbance commerce, in agriculture, and in the general industrial pursuits of a nation, are not simply due to the operation of its fiscal system, or to the policy of its Government Common sense teaches the same troth. Xevstheless, we find the leading Opposition journals of this country almost daily asserting_ the reverse proposition, and charging the temporary hardness of the times in Victoria, now to the protective tariff, now to the BESSY Ministry, and at another time to both together. Surely it is high time that thia line of ridiculously false logic Ehould be dropped for very shame, and that something like a rational process of caoee and effect in the commercial concerns of tbe national life ehould be set before the readers even of Constitutional and Conservative journals. The address in reply to the speech of His Excellency on ibe opening of Parliament to-day, will be moved in the Legislative Assembly by Mr A." Deaidn, member for Wat Boaike. and seconded by Mr W. Clark, the member for Footscrey- The mayor of the city, in his report at the council meeting yesterday, dretr attention to the forthcoming election to be held according to the Act IS76, for the ratepayers to consider whether or not there shall be any increa«e in the camber of publicus' licenses within the city. This is a matter only referred to the ratepayers every third year, asd it is important that the deliberate opinion of tbe ratepayers should be obtained. Cotmcillori Wilson, CUxton, and Gray expresKd their opinion, dcrinp the course of the meeting, that there were snfficienl pnblicfaonses In the city for the reqmiementsof the ratepayers, and that it would be injadiooos to increase their number. The following motion by Councillor Wilson was supported and adopted by tie council: "That this conndl is of opiaioa that the licensed houses in the city are already sufficient for its requirements, and recommend to all the to Tote against increwng the number of publicans' licenses." Mr Thomson, P.&L;, and Mr Macaw, JJ?, tided at the City Police Court yesterday, and remanded Wee Coy for one day on a charge of bagging- 3>smeL Sutherland was remanded nntal Friday on a charge of stealing a pair of blankets, the property of Messrs Campbell and Blyth,i boggy rug, the property of Messrs Buick, Haider, son, and Co, and eighteen pairs of trousers, the property cf Mr T. Taylor.- At the Town Police Court John Lee pleaded to the charge of stealing three coats, the property of Mesas Wbykes and Luterbetger, and was sent to' gaol for three months. A meeting of ratepayers in tbs Central Ward favorable to the return of Mr J. Graber to the City Connot, took place last evening at the KorHmmberisnd hotel. Start street. There were about twenty-five persons present, and Mr Malcolm was voted to the chair. The candidate cm being called upon, stated chat he was in favor of a thorough reform of the council, and opposed to the present lavish openditnre. Be was also in favor of water being given as cheaply as possible to miners and manufacturers, and reform of the Water Commission ; and opposed to tbe employment of prijon Ubor- Mr Graber also stated that more msoey should be spent on improving the western portion of the ward, and that be was utterly opposed to the payment of the mayor. A vote of confidence was passed to the candidate, and Mr Malcolm was ripctrd permanent rfwim,^ witfc Mr J. Green secretary. The whole of those present then formed tbemselves into a committee to secure Mr Graber*a return. We regret to learn that Mr Mniiken, late of Sandhurst, yesterday lost by death his son, ten of age, tbe cause bong congestion of tbe fhe committee of the National Reform League will meet this evening at die offices of tbeseoetaiy, to receive the report of the delegates to the late conference. The Gty Council intends to improve and mite fit for the heavy traffic passing through it that little street connecting Bipon street with the Wesdouree parade. Frazer street, as it is called, has seen many wayfarers during the last tew months, but the wayfarers, as a rule, werenot supremely delighted with the thoroughfare, and flie proposal of the council to improve it will be heard with satisfaction by the numbers of ratepayers who periodically make their way to the lake and gardens via Frazer street. At the usual half-yearly meeting of Court Foresters* Home, A.O.F, Smythesdsle, held in the lodge-room at the Court-house hotel, the following members were ^ gog^. S mentioned offices for the ensuing torn: C-B Br A. Camming, jun.; S.C.B., Br B. GOhodey- P.D.CJB.; treasurer (re-dected), Br 3. Spivev' P.D.C.; P. secretary Br By. Procter. P.CB. • S.W, Br C. BarteUa, P.C.B.; J.W, Br EL Hanson; &B-;, Br J. O'Meagher; J3, Br E. Mansfield. Surgeons, Drs Stewart and Jordan • diemiit, Mr H. Procter. The balance-sheet and auditors' report were received and adopted, the former showing a hilinre to credit of £36* being an increase of about X18 for Ibe 'term, despite «n unusually large amount of eicknoss. Councillor Wilson, at the noting of the t Ctromfl yesterday, referring to the necessity wL^ existed for digging end trenching newgronnd around oak trees, said that he had examined some of tbe dead trees which the raretaker bad removed from the city plantations, and found that the roots, as a rule, after striking out about 18 inches, could not make way into the hard ground surrounding and was forced back and compelled to wind round in the loose ground near die trunk, until they became invetoateSy convolved, and formed a compart mass of intertwisted roots. It need not be Stated that the plants wootd sot thrive when tbe root* were so confined and tramped, and tie good of the work done round the trees in Sturt street will be better understood when it is seen tbat on til the roots have become ray strong, ttey an unable to enter the ground immediately surrounding the loose soil in wbich they were placed. Tbe foregmng no doubt explains rhy to large a percentage of tfce imported trees planted in our reserves bare failed to come to maturity. A sale of Crown bads wOl be held to- day, at daron o dock, at Mr C. C. Shoppee*s CHy Hall auction mart, when amongst other lots the Camp frontages In LydEsrd street wffl agam be submitted. We an requested to state that Mr T. P. Hill is at present suffering from an attack of pleorijy ud asthma, and is tmsHe to leave lus room. Major South has granted Mr HOI a fortnight's Iweof absence, at the end of which time the toctoea at tbe Central State school will be re- ESBW ne hang made to get the railway re- serves within the city planted with shade and ornamental toees, and a letter has been forwarded by tbe City Council to tbe Cbmmisaioaeraf BsSvamnaaertSng that the nawsyreaem* tbrougbont the city «aay be planted, and to supply lhe necessary trees if the reqoest be OnTridayerarfng Jut, very successful eonrt wmshtJd fnthe mechanics'baj] at Myraioiw. G ' Gt * ot , the tftssCwTtfe fdlowmg uaia and frentlanai_took part in the audience. The proceed* are to be devoted to tbe Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, and great credit ia doe to the ladies &sd; gentleaen vho eo kiodlf gtre their aerrices to be&efit; MO noble an inftznztion. A tea and public n>pptTT*g in connection *ith tbe half-yesriy effort services was held last night, is tbe Bible Christian Church, Armstrong street. There -were abont seventy present-at tea, which was provided by the ladies of the cosgrEgt&H;^ aad presided over bj Mesdames Trewroick, Beanette, and Himrwfr, Misses Baker, Pollard (2;, and Clemence. After tea a public meeting was bold, when the chair wee tskeo by Mr Whitehead, who delivered the openiag address. The Bevs. J. Walker, A. T. Gfesson, Blarney. Teagne, and Cory also addressed the meeting. The choir sasg daring the evenicg. Hiss Bessette preading at the harmonium, Mr Cox choir leader. There was a very good attendance at the meeting, which was altogether a TEXT rnecee^M one. We hare received Mr J. J. Miller's pocket pamphlet containing the last season's principal performances of horses nominated in the Hawfcesbary Handicap. Melbourne Cnp, Champion Race, and other leading racing events. It is well compiled. and a handy book for reference. Daring the time of the yew Santh Wales Exhibition through and return tickets (inctaave of coach and railway fires) will probably be issued from Detdliqais to Sydney, for aboct £6 10s, and allowing one moath's stay. A very handsome and valuable service of silver plate, comprising eix pieces, and rained at thirtyfive guineas, is on view at the establishment of Mr Flegeltanh, jeweller; tbe service being the one tbe employes in the locomotive department intend presenting to Mr Troop, superintendent, previous to bis departure fot Sandhurst. The secretary of the Technological Commission visited Ballarat on Monday, and gave instructions for fitting np tbe new ball of tbe Public library for the general exhibition of the schools of design, which is to be held on the 22nd instant. The school conducted in the Library will bold an exhibition of the drawings and paintings is oil and water-colors executed there during the last term. This will come off on Friday, 11th instant, when tbe prizes will be distributed to tbe pupils, and addresses wiil be delivered by several gentlemen on tbe occasion, commencing at eight p.m. Arrangements bare been made with the Bail way Department^whereby pupils, will be carried on terms eimflar to those on which children from the schools were conveyed to tbe exhibitions. The annual meeting of tbe Ballarat Fire Brigade was held last night, and office's were elected for the enuring twelve months. At the conclusion of the meeting, the health of the newly-elected officers, and also of tbe retiring officers, was drunk ia a very hearty manner. The brigade decided to turn out on Friday evening at a torchlight procession to the Allerding concert in (he Acatieoy of HBSIC. Mr B. Ward, confectioner, of Bridge street, is establishing a business at Qoeenscliff, and on the eve of his departure tbe committee of the Benevolent Asylum, with which tbat gentleman has long been connected, presented him with a handsomely illuminated and engrossed address at the boardroom, Camp Btreet, but night. Mr Fitzgerald, the president of the asylum, made tbe presentation, and Mr Ward, in a few wordi, expressed his sorrow in leaving tbe tows in which be bad lived so long. A report of xhe proceedings wOl be fotmid elsewhere. A well-attended lecture, entitled, " Tbe Franco- Prussian war," waa delivered last night by tbe Rev. H. Bath in the Macartbur Street Wesleyan Church. Mr Pratt occupied tbe chair in the absence of Mr J. BosseU. Tbe lecture was in aid of the harmonium fund. Hie choir rendered selections of vocal znojic daring the ereazag, and the customary rotea of thanks were accorded at the conclusion of tbe lecture. A rehearsal of ladies and gentlemen engaged in the forthcoming Comish Distress Fund concert will take place this evening at tbe Dana Street Leo ture-halL Mr J. M. Troup, who has flTTed tbe positioH of locomotive superintendent at tbe Westers railway station once tbe formation of the line, will be entertained at a complimentary banquet tfrfo even* iflg, at Craig's hotel, previous to bis remand to Sandhurst, to which place he proceeds to trtp charge of tbe new locomotive sheds. Tbe soiree in connection with St John's Church anniversary ig to take this evening in the Alfred Hall, when, besides addresses by a cumber of clergymen, selections of music win be given by die choir and readings by members of the congregation. Tbe anniversary of tbe HomfEray Street Mutual Improvement Association will be celebrated thin evemng by a tea meeting, to be followed by a real and instrumental entertainment. About five o'clock on Saturday morning the Purnim hotel, kept by Aan Wicking, at Purnim, seven miles bon WarroambooL, was totally destroyed by fire, and the remains of a human bong were afterwards discovered in the ruins. At a magisterial enquiry held by Mr A. B. M'Kay, J.F., on Saturday (says a telegram in yesterday's Argus), it was elicited tbat the remains were those of a man named Walter Gordon, enployed at Bryan OXynh. There was no evidence to show bow tbe fin originated. Tbe bu3£ng belonged to Mr John Neylani, and was partially insured. The " octo- miraculostu " exhibition was well at* tended yesterday, when, in addition to the other attractions, tbe lady clairvoyant gave two or three teaaees daring tbe day. Mr Sharrar hat got together a good collection of cariosities, which are worth inspection by lovers of the marvellous. Mr Hckner, the blind musician, presided at the piaix> 1 and each visitor received a gift, as usual. A meeting of butchers' employes is convened ta* this evening, at the North Grant hold. We are compelled to bold over a number of letters until to-morrow. We remind oar readers of the intercolonial football match to be played on the Weston Oval this ;aftemoon between the Ballarat district and tbe South Australian team. Prom tbe-visitors' play oo Saturday last in Melbourne, we expect to wee some superior play to-day, inasmuch as tbe team picked to represent the BaUans district an all very good men, and should be abbe to sake the game exciting. The intercolonial f 0 *™ arrive by tbe morning train from Melbourne, «nd win be net at tbe station by some of the prominent members of the TUttirat football Clab, and, veatbo permitting, will be driven round to see some of the sights of our city. Aa tbe ground is in very fair condition, and ehould it torn out fine during the morning, the lovers erf the gan>e can anticipate acme fine fun, as tbe ground is sure to be a little greasy, and thereby cause some ludicrous spills. We are happy to state tbat through the courtesy of Mr B. H^>burn, president of the Caledonian ociety, tbe Ballarat club hare been kindly granted tbe use of the grand stand, capaUe of accommodating 2000 people, which will be thrown open for the nse of the spectators, free of charge* ao, in case of boisterous we&lba-;, it wiB a favorable shelter, sad at. the timo a point of vantage for seeing the play. The following will represent Ballarat district — Etby (captain). Cooper (vice- captain), Howard, Vettch, Sherard, Sparrow, M*Qregor, Graham, M. Lyons, J. Carr, Dean, W. Tbotle, Grant, Barns; Watkiaa, C&almen;, Jenkins, C. Lyons? Lynch, Berry. Emergency—Harriot, Webb, Davis, O'Sbaaauy. Tbe match will commence ^punctually at 2.46, and any player not ready at that time his place is Gable to be filled np from the emergency list, as the game most be finished in good time to allow of the visitors being entertained by the Ballarat team prior to their return by the 7.10 train. We trust to see a large attendance of onlookers in order that Ballarat may show that they are not behind Melbourne in taming up to see a good football match, .and at the same time do honor to a team coming so far to play the game., llie timer will take place at the Stork hotel at a quarter to aix, and anyone desiroaa can obtain tickets from member* of the com mittee on the QTBL. We have received the first number of the QteaudSff Saixmei, a weekly journal published by Mr T. 8. Goode, late of Bnninyong. OieSea*wi ia ** loflepwiflfwt" in ppwujf^ to be a welcome addition ta tbe newspaper literature of the colony, besides supplying a want long felt in the particular locality which it raproenta. TteCiwwick District Conning dob will hold me third meet of the season on Thursday. 81st Juy, at Sheehatfa Comberiand faotd, fa^tm Jbe stake will be for thirty-two all-aged grey, hounds, at xs 3s each, particulars of which appear mom advertising columns. A secular concert and readings wiH be given at AB Saints' achootroom, Drummood street, tha evening. Tbe company includes some of our favorite amateurs, and Mrs SficboUs ud Mr G The revenue from theVictorian railways fer the REM MJI ending 30th Jose wai £10,0*416s Id. Magnmt£729710s Ud far three days ending the same period last year. • OSie stie which was to have ben held at Linton by lb Lyon yesterday has been postponed, as per ad vertisement, mafl Thursday next, when, we are informed, it will positively take place. Aaimportaut legal opiaioa, which aootmU . b» given by Mr to the Wynrtbamdwre cogncB re- &e; napooilbiftyof tfcat body ior the mrtenaef gates cpon any surveyed road. Ac cwfingio the Bacdms Monk Eqsm, "Mr Higftiwwhtm wy^tha* any shire council which ypygg «o etist upon any nrmedand pwidBefi wdlage51fcyel5MS«aea wtoZSL fe-ts"todiity to^m^nSSS float foomds. Se says farther ttatt mncSa ao allowing gates to exist are responsible for any loss or damsge caused by than. This is an important matter to all shire councils throughout the colony, Ic has hitherto been thought that tbe responsibility rests with tbe person erecting the gate, but it appears it rests vilb tbe local governing body as welL Perhaps shire councils wQl think the matter is of no importance, because accidaits at gates are not likely to happen. Perhaps it is so: seoessary for an accident to happen to make councils responsible for allowing a nuisance to exist; and relative to accidents, the one which happened at Wyndbam shows that ttey may readily oscnr. That accident occurred in a gate closing upon one of a mob of horses being driven ihrcngb it, and the leaping over tbe gate of others, which thereby injured themselves. Tbe Wyndbamshire Council sboald not lose any time in divesting itself of responsibility for gates. How it can do so is a lawyer's question to a considerable extent. Whether other shire councils will seek advice for themselves, or await tbe issue of proceedings at Wyndham, is a question for them to consider." Tbe question is not yet decide! as to who shall represent the Government in the Legislative CosnciL It is the Age) understood tbat tbe Ministry would prefer to be represented by their former colleague, Mr H. Cuthbert, and ic is sot improbable that that gentleman may be asked again to take the position, tbe duties of which he eo satisfactorily fulfilled for some time. Tbe meeting of tbe Australian Coursing Club was finished on Saturday, tbe principal stake felling to Joan of Arc, tbe property of Mr John Wagner, Barmaid IL being the rusner-up. Tbe Railway Stake was won by the Hon. Thomas BrcmeU's Pretty Jane. A few gentlemen in Melbourne (says tbe Scmld) are making an effort to collect a little money for tbe widow of the late miner White, who lost his life by falling down the shaft of the Kew Band of Hope Company, Ballarat. There are a widow and four children left. Messrs WtUder Griffiths will receive any sums for the above purpose. The company is a purely Melbourne proprietary. £We shall be happy to receive subscriptions towards tbe same desirable object.—ED. B.C.} During tbe past fortnight (save the Gedong Advertiser) persons who ought to know better bare been dragging the bay on the north shore for oysters. The bivalves bare been found in abundance, and those persons who have dragged the bay have unscrupulously sold th^rr to the public. When it is recollected that a large sum of money has been spent in the endeavor to cultivate tbe oyster by a few enthusiasts, with the object of making the trade a source of profit and benefit to the town, it will be admitted that the offence com plained of deserves censure. We ((reeling Advertiser) mentioned recently fVf the Industrial School girls would shortly come to Geelong. Arrangements have now, we believe, been finally made to tbat end. The boys from the Boyal Park will proceed to Sanbury, and probably the Reformatory boys at Pentridge will also be transferred to Son bury as aoon as arrangements can be made to keep both classes separate. At Wallacetown, Southland, Kew Zealand, yield of oats was equal to 120 busbds to the acre. They were of the Danish variety, and put in following turnips and potatoes. In tbe list of imparts by tbe steamship Itelson, from Fortlaod to Melbourne on Saturday, was tbe plough with which the late Mr Edward Henty practically «* turned the first sod " in Victoria, at Portland, in the latter part of the year 1634. Among the passengers by the Lusitama, which arrived at Adelaide on Saturday, was Professor Pepper, of " ghost" fame, tbe ^r^-nt^ ^pptrrrer and illusionist Potato-growers xrould require to guard against using seed potatoes from New Zealand, if there is any troth in the report that the Colorado beetle has made its appearance at Oamarn. In the boat race between nWpty of Toronto and Hawdou, rowed on tbe river {Tyne, on 12th May, the Canadian won easily. Hanlon aubsequently received a telegram from the Marquis of Lome, beartSy congratulating him upon Ins success. 