GEKGKiL NEWS. In tiie Kilmore County Court, £10 damages was awarded against a landowner for shooting a greyhound coursing on his land. At a rabbit battue at Mount Hesse, 5000 of the vermin were destroyed, after being driven by stockwhips into an enclosure. BFrom Armidale we hear that the squatters and farmers alike complain of too much rain. The sheep are getting foot-rot, and fanners cannot plough. There are squattages in North Australia as large as Ireland, but in the latter island last year there were 4 million cattle, 4 million sheep, and 1 4 million pigs raised in it. We notice in the Times of the 8th May that the Hou. Robert Henry Manners oucbon, son ol uue iai<e xugub duu. » iswuuu Canterbury, bag been called to tbe English Bar. A sea-bird was caught at Lorncr, Bridge- water, last Thursday, and tied to the bird s neck was a piece of tin, on which was scratched the latitude and longitnde in which the American ship Invincible was on the 1st of Juue. The appearance of the crops in the Benalla district is extremelj gratifying, and if all goes well, thcie will probably be a splendid yield this season. The Fniyii says that one fanner anticipates twenty-five bushels to pie acre all round. Mr. Hogarth, who has been recently on the spot, found flax growing tall and broad at Mount Cole. The plaut appears all over tiie mount in patches. As the sample is .said., by competent judges to be equal to the cultivated article, Mr. Hogarth's discovery is of some interest and importance. The .mblisUerof the song, 44 Nancy Lee,' in Lon Ion, made £3000 profit, of which a large jH>rtion, however, went to the composer, on sharing terms, the publisher having ori ginally refused to give £6 for the whole copy right. Mrs. Lockwood. the first woman admitted to practice in the United States Supreme Court, is said by the Tribune to be 5U years old, tall, erect, gray-haired, and the possessor of fine eyes. She made her first appearance in the court dressed in a semi-mannish blue cloth sacque, with brass buttons, and a plain velveteen skirt. Goulburn must be a good place to live iu jnst now. Bread is quoted at 3d per 2ib loaf, weighed oil delivery .prime beef aud mutton, 2d per lb ; veal and pork. 3d per lb. The ladies of Sydney now wear lasting" boots, w hich are scored across so as to expose the stocking, and thus attract attention to the earth which the dear creatures sanctify by their tread. III these days of bank failures the following paragraph may not be uninteresting to a number of our readers: — 44 When a bauk fails in Cbina, the heads of the directors and officials are chopped off and thrown among the assets. These heads do not fail to bring a large price from their relations, who are usually very wealthy ; consequently a bank failure in China has been a tiling unknown for hundreds of years past.7 Tl(o nafifimi wf 4lia unomnlnrA +£» tlll» Chief Secretary, praying for work, has been signed by 100S mpn, comprising 39S laborers, 114 carpenters, 57 blacksmiths, 35 engineers. II moulders, 13 tinsmiths and plumbers, 34 painters. 27 bricklayers and masons, and 319 of various other trades. Formerly the Catholic papers were filled with announcements of the conspicuous sums of money continually placed at the feet of Pius IX. Now, instead, we hear as re peatedly of the munificent amounts given b3' Leo XIII. for charitable purposes. On the occasion of Easter, his Holiness distributed 2fi.000f. to indigent persons and pious insti tutions. without taking into account special subsidies granted to convents aud educa tional establishments in Rome and else where. : 4 Not to be beaten" (hazardously remarks the Crtxincl: Advertiser ). 44 On Tuesday, Mr. Hector, of Mount Prospect, sent us sixteen potatoes weighing 25f lbs. A few days ago we reported receiving a like number from Mr. A. Anderson, which weighed 231b ; and subsequently a similiar number from Mr. Robinson, weighing 24lbs." Surely potato- growers in this district are able to beat this. We shall be glad to acknowledge receipt of a ton or two of fine tubere. A large mob of store cattle, the property of Mr. Jas. Tyson, of Warrego River, and con signed to Messrs. Fiskcn and Gibson, was on Friday stopped from crossing the Murray at Swan-hill by the Victorian inspector of stock, on tbe ground that they were diseased. Mr. Graham Mitchell, veterinary surgeon, was despatched yesterday afternoon to examine the cattle, and report to the chief inspector of stock iu Melbourne on the nature of the disease. It is reported that 96 of tbe mob in question have died within tbe last few days of pleuropneumonia, aud of a sort of low fever, tbe nature of which is not accu rately known. The inspector at Swan-liill has been directed not to allow the cattle to cross the river until the report of the veter inary surgeon has been made. There seems to be some probability of Mr. Berry's anticipated Ministerial speech on the reform, question being postponed until the debate on the subject takes plaoe in Par liament. He has definitely derided not to address his Geeloug constituents unless a very urgent request is .made to him to do so, and it is bis present intention to reserve his official statement of the Ministerial policy until after the opening of the. session, l&e; has resolved to comply with , the request of the National Reform League to deliver an address at the banquet in connection with the conference of leagues, which will posi tively take place on the 1st of July, but on tbat occasion he will deal with the question of Constitutional Reform only in a general Detective Duncan on Friday brought Robt. W. Bennett, the alleged forcer, . before the City Police Court, and applied for "the pri soner's remand to Horsham, vdiese the alleged offence was committed. Mr. David Gaun- boo, who appeared for Bennett, < offered no objection to the application, but protested that the prosecution had been instituted -on purely pmitical grounds, and he prophesied that, like the majority of political prosecu tions, if the case went to a jury, his. client would be honourably discharged. He applied for a reasonable baiL The detective informed the Bench that the prisoner was charged on twp warrants with forging and uttering ac ceptances, one for £250 and the other for £500. Mr. Panton, P.M., after some delibe ration, fixed the amount of bail at two sure ties in £250 each. A writer in Truth of 17th April says : — 44 Mr. Berry has not yet succeeded in gaining his point with the Colonial Office, and 1 doubt whether he will ever obtain the assent of our Ministry to the revolution he desires to cany out in the constitution of Victoria, as tbe inevitable result would be tbat when ever or wherever a difficulty took place, Downing-street would be beset with peti tioners with gimiiar derire«. He declares he is in reality much more conservative he-; is supposed to be, which, however, is usually tiie case with a ma" in office." A perusal of > Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's dispatch proves the sagacity of the judgment of the writer in Truth. Mr. Berry's "success" is a demon strated failure now. ! / . . The Gabinet met on Friday afternoon; 'and was occupied for a couple of hours with the consideration of various matters wbich' have to "be " dealt with before the opening of Par liament. Mr. Berry is now discharging the " duties of Chief ijecretaiy, bat Major Smith is to continue to act as Treasurer for a short time, until Mr. Berry is fafrfy abreast oLtoe work of tiie tirsLmeutioned office. With . regard to the notice of removal of the Go- veament moneys from the ten j associated banks, we are informed that it will not ne- -cessarify be acted upon, but the issue of tins notice places the Government at liberty, at the end of six months, to rnnV<> other arrange ments should they (hen deem it desirable to do so. The Government may desire to codfer tiie benefit of their account upon other bank ing testations, or it is possibly thought that the threat of such a proceeding would secure for them better terms than are at present given by the associated banks. So far as the Tichborne estates are con cerned, it would- appear that there is another colonial claimant. At the City Police Court on Friday, an aged, and decidedly disrepu table looking party, giving the name of ; Bernard "Rogers, alias Sir Roger Tichborne, ; was brought up by Senior-constable McCor- : mick, of the South Yarra Police-station, | 'charged with being a vagrant. The arrest- : teg officer deposed that the prisoner was a confirmed vagrant, his sole occupation ap parently being the solicitation of alms. His idiosyncrasy lor some years past has con sisted of Ms asserting that he is the only genuine claimant to the Tichborne titles and estates.. .He stated that he was a thorough hardworking man, his chief means of sub sistence being the picking of oakum and the cracking of road metal for the benefit of the committee of the Immigrants' aid Society. The Bench decided to give the old fellow an opportunity of testing his peculiar talents in the Melbourne gaol for three months. An examination into the estate of Mr. William Brown, fellmonger, was held in the Insolvent Court ou Wednesday. The insol vent underwent a lengthy examination, during which he stated that his account books were always open to his inspection, and he sometimes looked at them, but not being a book-keeper he might just as well have not looked at them, for all the information he ob tained. His wife had money of her own, and in the year 1S70 he speculated in wool for her, at ber request, and the result was a profit of £8000. At the date of his insolvency, Messrs. George Martin aud Co., held a bill of sale over some of his property, but he was not then aware of it, as he thought the lia bility had been paid off. In the years 1S70 and 1871 the profits of his business amounted to £40.000. Late in the da' the examination was adjourned to the 2nd July. An extraordinary adventure happened to Mr. Black, of Traralgon, last week, whilst out kaugarooiug on Mr. Row's run. The Gipps band Times relates that he and his part', which included Mr. Russell, the station-master, had run down a bulky old man, which, as usual, stood at bay against a tree, and waited bravely for the attack. His appearance was so formidable that for a mo ment the dogs hesitated. Mr. Black took up along -sapling, and made a poke -at the gal lant marsupial, 1)14 .struck one of the hounds instead, mid broke the stick. The kangaroo, ignoring, the dogs, made at once for the man, who incontinently .ran for the nearest tree. He had scarcely ascended 5ft when the fnrious kangaroo. was upon him, and actually succeeded in clawing the trousers off his body. The dogs were too many for the kangaroo, which was killed by them just as the rest of the party came up. Air. Black was in the picturesque condition of the celebrated Brian O'Linn. and was obliged to adopt the ex- pedient of putting his feet through the sleeves of his coat, in order to avoid hyper critical remarks as he returned to the town ship. A little orphan girl named Welsh, aged 7 years, died very suddenly on Thursday morn ing whilst in her class of St. Alipius' il.O. school, Victoria-street, Ballacat. She fell down in what was taken to be a fainting fit bv the teacher, who had her conveyed to a neighbouring house, but on the arrival of Dre. Usher and King, whose services . had beeu sought, they found that the child was dead. At a magisterial enquiry held in the afternoon, the medical evidence showed that disease of the heart had been the cause of death, that oigan having most probably been excited by the child's fear lest that she should not pass some examination wiiich was to come off shortly. The deceased :was board- ing-out from an industrial school with a Miga Byrne, living in East-street, and a malicious rumour having been started that the child was half starved, the Star is pleased to state that the medical gentlemen who saw the body found it to be well nourished and clean. It is nainful f remarks the Daufajifard M,-r. eury) to have to record -a death from starva tion, but we regret to say that such a case has occurred at Old Tom Gully, near Flat. On Thursday morning, a Ohinaman named Ah Fooey was found dead in his bed. and a magisterial inquiry held by the mayor went to show that the deceased was actually starved to death. Deceased's mate stated that for the last twelve months they haJ lived on bread soaked in water, with occa sionally a little sugar. Considerable excitement was caused in the neighbourhood of Armstrong-street at about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock on Satur day morning, by a woman clad in nothing but a white night-dress rushing along towards Sturt-street, and screaming loudly all the way along. .Ou arriving at Craw ford's corner (says the Star) she met two constables, into whose ears she poured the wild tale that burglars were breaking into her house in Armstrong-street, near Eyre- street. and she and two other females had had to leave the premises. The woman, a Mrs. Nicholls, who seemed to take no heed of the biting, frosty air, conducted tbe officers of the peace to the house, but they failed to find anything peculiar there save other terrified females in their night-dresses, like ghosts among some out-houses. They were soon persuaded to re-enter the house, and the cause of the excitement is thought to have been nothing but strong drink. 44 Atticus" in the Leader writes : -The ap plication of one of tiie ten commandments Lag been . the subject of a religious difficulty in one of the peaceful cantonments of India. The choir of the local church consists of lady and gentlemen amateurs possessing vocal ability, and the oiganist, for the sake of effect, decided to introduce a novel coloring into the choral service. Ou a certain Suuday the res ponses to the commandments were so distri buted that the ladies sang the first response, the gentlemen the second, the whole choir the third, the ladies commencing de novo. Every- tiling went off well until the seventh com mandment was reached, when, according to the sequence, the ladies alone were made vocally to implore that 4 their hearts might be made to keep this law." Everybody was surprised, and the fair vocalists so disagree ably so that after the sendee they repaired to the clergyman, and protested against a repe tition of the responses in the same order. The clergyman spoke to the otgauist, and suggested, iiuat tue oraer oi ranging snouid be so altered that tiie response to the seventh commandment should be rendered by the gentlemen. To this the lords of creation, who realised the frill significance of the change, strenuously objected, -and were backed np in their refusal by the organist. So hot grew the dispute that the whole of the choir, as well as the organist, resigned their posts, and it is not yet settled to which of the sexes the unfortunate commandment espe cially applies. Says 44j£gles" in the Australasian Mr. Berry made & specious speech at Chelsea, but it had one curious aspect, which, perhaps, may not have occurred even to tbe speaker. He paid, I suppose, nn consciously, the highest possible compliment to his political opponents. He stated ( inter alia), speaking of Victoria as a whole : — There is scarcely an acre of ground which we have not placed under municipal government, and our Educa tion Act, which is one of wiiich any body of people might be proud, established the three principles — that education shall be secular, compulsory and free. (Cheers.) The colony, as the chairman has said, hag cost the mother - countiy nothing. Its trade with England is inferior only to the trade of a very few European commimities.' Nothing could be- more true than -this; although- Mr. Betxy'e conscience must'l think; iiavecpricked him , when die remembered his own adverse/votes : on the -education -question. These: cheers fcnould have etung .him a liffi" Arid-who 'really have done -klt: the. work Mrj (Berry, so - eloquently describes £ . Mr. Berrydeliberately dissociated from.it the liberal party whichrbe represents. .The: matters of wiiich he justly, boasted are oertainly not the outcome jof i the last 24 .months? and here. .are-. Mr.. Berry's words It'/was ouly two years ago, on the 1 1th i of May, 1877, that the popiuar party really obtained control over the Legislative Assembly. Jt was represented in the As sembly lteajorities before, but that was the first ttime that it returned a majority which sound at hearty and would tekembtiiSng short£ of whafc they reaUy obtained-' J Tbe best ' Work 4ter done in ' the -bblony-that' which elicited tbe "cheers of Chelsea— has not, on Mr. Beny'e own anthority, been done by the pjlitical xtreinirtBWboare his rankand , fi!e, but by- -bis jiestilent opponents, who, Until that wonderful 11th May, held the nine cfgevtiumenfc- 