LEOTURE' ON THE LATE PASTORAL. Os Wednesday night a lecture entitled the Pastoral Weighed tnrd Found Wanting was delivhrod in the Wesleyan lecture.hall, Goldsmith.street, by the eov. Dr. Kelynack. There was a Tory largo audi once, the hall being crowded in every part. Mr. William Davies M.P. presided, and there were on the platform theo rIo. Iraucis Tait, 11ev. Robert Johnson of Crookwell, Rev. P. Tweedio, 1Rev. J. G. Taylor, and Alderman Caldwell. ' A hymn having beeoon sung, the IRev. ,. Johnson offered up prayer. The Rev. Francis Tait after a few introductory re. marks said they were to hoar a lecture from their old friend and his very old and esteemed friend, Dr. Kelynack, lie was very glad to seo Dr. Kolynnek once iaore in (Goulblun. The member forArgyle was to preside, and ihe would call upon that gentle. mann to come forward anl occupy the chair. The Chairnian said he presumned that that moeet. ing would not he the last of the kind hae would be privileged to attlnd, and lie would reserve what he hal-to say for a. subsequent opportunity. Perhaps if he behann to speak on the subject he should rob his friend of a cuonsiderable portion of his time and rob them of a considerable portion of their pleasure. He did not desire to do this ; but slhould he have an opportunity of speaking for three minutes after the lecture, ]o would do so; but if not he would take some other occasion for doing so. He had much pleasure in calling upon his old and esteemed good friend Dr. Kelynack to deliver his lecture. The l1ev. Dr. Kolynacl, whl was received with cheers, said it gave him the very greatest pleas?uro to ppoear once again before a Gonlburn' audience; and the pleasure was not at all lossened by the fact that he had his old friend and their old friend Mr. William Davies in the chair. The occasion of the gatlhering was one which was in defoence not only of their own liberties but also in the defonco of the liberties of others whose liberties had been seriously placed in peril. In speaking of the, subject of the pastoral recently issued by the hierlrchy of the Roman catholic church he could not forbear the ex. pression of his satisfaction that they should have this the essential policy of rlomanaisln expounded by an emphasis of utterance and a weight of authority sufllaient to convince the most sceptical and rouse thi most thoughtlossas to the principloes of the policy that has unmistakably chanracterised the. lomish ohurch. In certain quarters there had bee an nu at. tempt to decry the efforts of some of them as out. siders, and they had sometimes been lput into the pillory of public reprobation as vile disturbers of the peace, pelted at with cruel epitets, on the one Ihand recoieving censure front trimiming protestants, and on the other hand poisoned arrows and revengeful words from the heated partisans of Rome. But now the logic of facts was doing for them. what sound reason, argument, and eloquent appeal had failed 'to acconmplish; for the accumulated evidence that the church had begun to pile up herself mtight be safely, left to expound the principle of liomanism. What liberty of speech meant in the mouth of tie. emissaries of Rome they had seen in the conduct measured out to the brave old man who had lately, come amongst them to expose lier errors. '(Applause.) Ho had challenged the whole of the flomish church to come down to him and answer his arguments and refote his facts. But instead of availing themselves of this opportunity they met him not with the logic of argument but the logic of bluestone and quartz and shillelaghs, and the only champion the church found. was the actress, Miss Joeyr Ougenheim.; (Cheers.) On the heels of this display they had :witnessed another circumstance that strikingly ex hibited what liberty of action meant in tha vocibu lary of Roume. (Cheers.) The Bathurst case showed them a .dying father who, when he pleaded so pathetically.with the bishop, though nothing could to urged against his general character that might fairly constitute a. bar to deprive him of what ever virtue lay in sacrauental rites, yet because he dared to be guilty of the unpardonable sin of choosing the school which his son should attend. was debarred the rites of sacred burial, and with the clurcis's bal resting on his ashes, was committed to a lonely and unconsecrated grave. And while men wonder~ n and flamed with indignation at this goss outra.ge upon human feeling-at this dis grace and dishonor that was wrought in the holy name of religion-the spirit of the church was re vealed again in, the manifesto, the simpleness of which no one could mistake, and the boldness of which it would require the most astute to defend. In that manifesto tboh had a' full and' frank and fearless statement of the clurclt's views upon the great education question; and he quite agreed with those who thanked Archbishop Vaughan for thus * putting them in pos.esson of. what was the deliber. ate view of their church upon the public school system; and also for putting them in possession of the policy of that church in-the future in regard thereto. Now, briedy summed up, the position of that pastoral might.be thus stated. It branded with condemnation their educational system because it rested on what was called the vicious and base foundation of secularism. It condemned it again because the character of the teaching given therein was designated as godless, asd .as leading to indifferentism and infidelity. 'It `denounced it again because of the results which flowed from it, and in words that made their, blood stir by . .their boldness those public schools were called seed. 'plots of future immorality and infidelity anid law lessness that would debase and lower the standard .of humnaul excellence in their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and individual life of their future citizens. And o'n that basis=iccpatilng those premises"-they proposed to do what? They proposed to do that which was an invasion of the rights of the parents,. an infringenent'of' the liberty of the tranehise, and an attempt to direct the policy' " of the goviurment; uand they darid to do that upion :tsis'question, ,which of all,questions was the most :fundamuental and vital to the honour, the unity, ,and the future well-bEing of the eommonwealth. : (Ohirs.) The timte had come for bold speech and decisive action. The days of willing blindeuss and of ?indolent non-intervention were past. (Cheers.) For allliberty-loving citizens-for all true patriots there was, as it's..emed to him, but one course and one duty-and' that was to stand up against thisi alien power with a courage and strength that would treat all her threats rith inwavering defiance, and by 'a discernment which her sophistry could' hot beguile, and reasoning which would answer her arguments as fire dealt with stra, an an'a sturdiness Sof political resistance that would guard their political ,.ights with a defence of. triple steel, show' by signs that could not be mistaken that bishops and priests must respect the laws and the institutions of a Sormtry that were the expressions of a free' people's will. (Prolonged applause.) Anything less than ''ithat would be unworthy of their ancestry and of :.their traditions. They would leave others to cower under the .thunderbolts that have beers tlrveatene iessorw propoal to deal wi'h sousa of the ialient 1a'pints ofa the pastoral in the order in which they st ,)a, The ihnt charge against their public school ':esyste. was thLt it was salar-that it ,ass todlk,; .aoE ase.oaly, Shit it 'ic uld ut .:lie an eut eod?cn lest, for .tloe etnenscUlieCce, tEm Lat and Lthe w.ill " d ths yieer.i HBy e anisthesau l tha?et ld alirmoation w:itih iac equally .oit and ls't dite al.I "lit sin?es as iema de oct li in c'th ,nies comld not i. msnt y 's~~uisi iny the dther, hieUIld t?rth at.. u?? s to iraif?f?tii~ ale~ tfe era~i? .stlienn of clasa-ows in nse in thma , thboles. Wie l t lodlabops eover 'that ,afieiaha ntl dtay roust ltoes parbs th isorgely opohen dktheputm,?c aedsility 1! "sy ktcslsag.el thatg oheqi pass mnoltssufantpusd; cfmr woudie lee omurned tshoe ie unks tibothlmu es lhe ual, da -that thee. 'wIhxresalsh ofe duStys 'ae awaire i tlts lesso.ns the i?t t ese 'bss eTay iamad. Tchcu mingl the smcsrodnsmse of ratusi sned 'dhE'thesia otfSnlilssedr they ismegt the blessaehes o*af ige~ssueu us and thel;liutatoes o sa onicg; ;ant unututiol ti?p, snS t?Lr evils thai ls.d lofwinr 'arfieumslact tof icasus alioirsg thry stailghe ot duty uff iti adiosmec ad the 'jouiltics that Lmil'a m rs adiscmlmudietmes'.; in osis 'rwisd tdssey 'pldimiud ibifoes 'thei muuiindlii 'tlme unymmgp.illiuho sglitiesdilt unrcsnd atie grime Ito 'ymimth :amd 'sunure to. rstpir.'ymen'zrsd \','thidilii'tlmJ 4 i hut asuuitmlsiss the ijze'$steuiltcmedhls mdl lif ,couid lnimt fail ash the sa et'possilehai lansults. j.nll tthlmuim :1h ims's' dosed dreui n e he'ismdc~huig',t these nusteil nusthi tim e jrm'tt facts and doctrines of mrsiligios, here 'ugmlamu aicderiaro of hooks 'niost :nctilurivuly provud that ltb s'staect was r :lct. trom lhinig the gmdiosm 'thing 'whic it was, re prsented to lith. If the hilile ditstl5 ursasot io usein athe schools as mm teztelmooli, tiles seciltnus from the bible covered utho mwilotti nuauge $iaert hear) ant dusts' with the Lmoost 'ssential triths. They gave the story of the 'saceaticu, the reosmd of the fall, the tragedy of the fhslusgo, hmo felis i o blshrsharsi, dide history of Gnod's smticeat poepler th e Rgau'c the cSaulimest strains of flea pselmaisit, the 5stevog obese statements of time :raerivese mie. anti ti2 doctrcs at ofthe empeatles. T!m y nsre, the life of Jesus aidmasitis death. Hils otening 545a11, sasnd His odhidrtoiul reIgn; they gsve them ilhti ab rt 94nae of church itroey .furnishaei in pstssctn of uSeApoes-in a womt, all that was sad in human sin, ball that- was precdous in ,divine grace, all that was glorious in the divine convenant -all was thero-thcre without note and comment -there in the words of that grand old book that liveth and abideth for over. (Checrs.) Although not wishling to, tax their patiencehoe -would read a few extracts which would oriduence this: The pine If]rAnd to thls oepilotltou haset t be to take the tistoriali nareative of ecriptnrn as the fLoundtion, and to attach to it Other peechos of eriptr lelating to the narrative, elther frne the Old or os' Testamteent. Thse 'after the narrative of the croetion, cstralc froms ihe bhook of peacl retoeunig to the ?rioaes have beesl ntroduae? ; acd teer. the oarrative of the delge theUre Ihae a nIs norrted tloso ommculdi on that event which ane to be found in Ice lNwcTecstnmcc . This mnuhod seemn to be caliulatad at once to teaeh- the rise of the saetrd histaory, and to Its merit of moral ald religiots instructtion on thes heart, by asnscitnge with it a eital of most int.resti?cg fartsa. T"e translation Ihal oeun made by a oinmlritou cd. the anthorared caid Deuay versioti with the orlgioaL The language eometilce of the one and ere?ticlnc e of theo ther; tilis ?oln ante,l nted ca orro? siolyv deviatioes )oe iCu otatide lone both. tOn this pint the translator frete thit he wouli reauiro mere Indulgct than ius likely to be graoted tor him; but he wa ocmi. t!iotd bicy hr cxligncy of the case to oundertak the tooask he has done his lbet to eecute it with fidelity, ncd he han ben mon ntaltly ulner the eye Of psirnun purl?rtily omit.tent to correct any 'rores iIto widclt hemight oIadvneruterty fall. Thiel te aor?n, tatite siot it h has not lueod i n hii rinng of nn lanerano y rodenmoee to any peculiar religious views. A'lsw noteir chiefly exrlaantory and leacti?al tihe iurn added, . ' The present lnmo Is one fI a ?.rieu, whlth it Is prolatina ashlt be rcrsilid on similear lincipled. It ibrLng down the history to the iettlement for a time of the Israoerits In Egypt and Tue death of Joseph. The inext unc?ctr it is intended srtle be drawn from thoe New Testament. The oo??rmisaiers offer t uese strerts from scriptre to the careful attention of tersihrs and ohillter, not ocly as truth, but as tUti ronerd l nwider theI re ofi uspimtuchr ;lou t and truth with ?ltich it tis of tlhe"utmos iottportace for them to tbe wel naelnaitert And to the religious inotrcetors of the ctildtdr then free, il ConnCniRating tht in strltioC tl se o the curial volenn Itself, as eousnuiang Udonn doetriatel and precreptsc, a knowledge of which mnst lie at the founodtpon of alh ilru rulilou. "uhe law of the Lord is letpnterd; coupertcig scals; tho tstimonny of ithe Lord is taithful, giving wisdom to tittle onee.' Well from these statements what'becamu Iof tho charge, of the gross impeachment, made by tihe bishops? It. broke down by. its own:. weakness. (Applase.) .-t was found .to be a. meundacious libel, .or which they ,might fairly demand etrsae. tion and apology. 'And to him hierarcha who haveo uttered it, and who r havt e tamped it withi the stamp of Pins IX. to get it into gnesral cirulation-to these Ihierarcr s we hand it backnd we say " gentlemen, you stand convicted as the utterrs of base coin (cheers) -coin which we have tried with the simple test of truth and have found to be wnorthlelss--oly mere Vntican branss in the place of genuine gold." (Laughter and applause.) Bunt if theo charge was dilsprevd by these quotations from the books, it was still mor conclusively. disproved when theyv called attention to the fact of that pro. vision which hwas made uuder the Public SchcelsAct' for dogmatic mreligious instruction by tile authorised representativaes of the various religious denomina tions. We might fairly plead that the abrece, fCn any doumatic teaching from the cmrriculum of ourw public'schools in a mixed 'communnity such as oures wasn a necessity of tie case, and we might sltee plead that if the bible 'as::not in our schools it was because of 'thoe ncoutnpromisiug opposition that the church of lome had to it. Did noet the state irtu ally say to the' peopledof the colony, e" we cannot teacha dogma, but we commit ourselves to the tedna tion of the children who are to be the future citizens of this laud.with the help of auch broad moral and religious truthslas nmay be said to belong to any! nation that is Christian, leaving to the parents ofl the children to teach their offspring in such import. ant subjects as religion and to teach them in their' .own way." Could anything be less open to cavil or furtherremoved front godleesness than that? It took care that the conscience of: no child should be violated, not even the conscience of a pauper's child: and yet the air was mado to ring awith the ranting! of those mitred traducers who' would make believe that the ystoem of education was: secular, godless,' and reprobate. It seemed to himt as if it rere the duty of those lordly priests to come down from their' high places and vwith'the 'aid of all' the priests to rush into the breach and save the country, from so' dreadful a catastrophe as was predicted. But that did' notsuit thoploman eibholic church; the thinig vas thatp it brought hcr1 tia positidn of equality with all others.: (Applause.) But what they desirel was government assistance, and if they obtained . thatthey Would be satisfied. It was utterly 'utiseenly and outrageous that such a calitmny should be perpetrated, hfor he took it that the development of our public school system was a result of which' we had no reason to feel ashamed, and it had been accomplished- by those ho had the task of,. making our laws, and it had beenaceompanied by, a magnifioenoe of endow-. meat that was creditable in the highest degree.. It had scattered throughbout the far interior the advan tages of educatin'nwith wonderful solicitude'for the young. It had brought:into 'existence. a system of toeating and inespection, the best 'that th , state could command; and. it invited the different repre. aentatires of religion to join handein, hand to give educaltiof its crowning blessing; and, though foul epithets had been flung at it, they would be nothing more than the mist of, alpassing. squail, and when the storm was over the' public school system of the colony would be seen like some nble pile'. firml rooted in its foundations, because it had been built up in the esteem of a community who had lived to learn and appreciate its vale. ' (applause.) Then again we were told in another allegation that the 'system was not onl' vicious in principle,.but also in the results which it developed..: It was really a most sevuere strain 'n obe's'. self control' to read those precious words of' :th' a chbishops. , (Laugter.) Wed hear that ourpublio schdols,?which we prized so highly, were the seed-plots of inmoralityand in. fidelity. .It was weae k in some parts, was that pas. tocal cf thyn tman'catholi archbishop , hut it was strong in othzls-strong in the statements it con tained. The'evidence by WIhirci these ,statements wereoto be proved did no(t appear to have occupied the opiscopal mind t'all ;"and the holy fathers ap. peared to'have been eqcaliy parethesi with regard to arguments als?.: The fact wos that f one looked at the argumentative side of it he must come to the con clusion that they had been accustomed so long to be blindly obeyel, and .to have all. that they hare stated received withfecsn hmek and unquestioning submisf un, that they could not understand thit'botd .ness of the protestant position so alien to the calha. lic'mind:' (pplausice.) 'It was juet open you mouth and ehat'your eyesand sae xhat GJe will sud yo. (Laughtrc.) The statement as t muas that the children who were brought up in our public tehails were in strange contrast with the childreni who were eductl in the .lscools of the church--tha they wera immoel, that they were wanting in ge liness, and resp ctfor religion, and they had no neepect for prayer or for the sacraments-in other wonr f;th?se wild and unc eebed chldren sere looked uon, n with the greatest misgiving by the eler, . Be made bold to answer such sals nen? e as sthe frona the Iotnish hiemarcha, and ha 'tieysi' to say that he, would not ontstep.the Loadar of ,uth . 1. 1,e !d that, in the jaument o arll.tu ether aeitimo od the Ceme=cuiaty. excpt the Lta Biitlai,?'e, seth statemntse were gcns sand?yrs ?that carried thear eaur refousthema weih treom. hUlerL) '.Wra'ir'seas-o. adbe to supos tiaa them aituesta sc,'an h c o cndI blno me nsd be ParIesn to sChf < diLalu-- a a laad that ? eg h twod's)snhaat quiet byo ard'usee tLe ellen of a hhiereehan.draen faing wo (Gr t et sa eye. ter ad o perio l ie the liotifath mu iai eogIi cn of It has enough to take one's breath away to hear that this goodly tree that was so fair to look upon hahurd reall thc·e profiuc. "fhe ealt thnt . sot rak and t sil~ ithe 'l.?' g?:brranew dJ the Bovrmie hierais 'as . t hey deeer vect tce-and of tid. ease coul w telalc of , en misfroic irncp oherlands l P iliad woul, he. upon Lsrcuail p~nnnplth of cuml~ic justice·, nod there was a direction in which the church of Rome did get more than her fair share of the state-money. It received for her-paupers and criminals more than was fairly duo by the law of proportion, and yet tlihe bishops wore fond of the rule of three. (Laughter.) SFor the support of her paupers and felons and orphans the church of itome drew very heavily in proportion to what'she contributed. He wonld ask them to note the :figures and they- would find that the facts were in strange' contrast with the stato ments made. The bishops had groaned- about injustice. Let them consider the fact that last year the church of BRome received as a subsidy for denominational education £10,900 16/6, and that all the other denominations, exclusive of the Churclh of England, received something loss than £8000. But the bishops said' that the catliolies' could rioat use the public schools conscientioualy, as.they-warb so galling and oppressive.-- On the rolls of onr schools .there were 13,3,850 Roman catholic children, anud oni the 61lls bof certifled deioninhatidnal achodls there w ereo Dily'970'.: -iiud yeti the li atholics' coubld not useo tlisapblii schools. Ho had` notodone with their loi s o yot. ;'(Litghlltdr.) Last? year.the council of education received: 1790 applications for new schools other than denominational. The parties making; them were reprsented. by,, 2118parent and guardians who had pledged themselves to send their children to the schools,, and ,this .number included 655 Roman catholics. Thii? children who were promised to be sent uiimbered 6404' of all denominations, and of that number 1989 formed the Roman contingent: and yet thoycotild not use public schools. (Laughter.) He hnad not done with their lordships yet. ,The total number of children of school ago in those districts represented by the applications was 7304, of: whom' 2224 were Roman catholics; and out of those 2224 Roman catholics 1989 wore pledged to attend the public schools. And yet the conscince of the catliolics was Opposed to the public school system. (Prolonged laughter.) In the face' of thsio' facts what 'became of the strong statements of the bishops? Their value faded away like the baseless fabric of- a dieam. Who had heard of the groans of oppressed conscience or of the murmuring of a' people ground down by a pressure they were unable to bear, until this docen mnent was manufactured and put forward as a decree of the church of Romeo , The tRomanceatholies had availed themselves of the state machiinery to have their children- educated, and had never had a sue picion that they were participators in wrong-doing. Now they were told and the, government was told and the country was told that the Roman catholics had beeoo stooping to drink at a foul stream, and the decree had gone forth thit. those who' would not drink of the waters of edtention which was carried through Roman aqueducts should be treated as heathens while they lived and when they died, and were told that at the last they would go to the depths - of that perdition which Rome declared was the des. tiny of all who disobeyed her mandates. This was the gracious mother, who longed td press to her yearning heart her erring children (Applause.) It made one sad to reflect what the offoot of .all this would be upon the Roman catholic mind. Whether Roman catholics would or would not' resist the pastoral that: to- his siind liadi doine s'o much to, damage their interests,'itwas not for him to say. It was not for him to say. whether- they would bend down to the yoke which was, sought to hbe placed upon .their shoulders. Butho he ould say that the community- generally'tbould not stand tamely by and see this :outran perpetrated: on the rights of free men. (Applauso.) . In.the face of this great system so nmighty in'its claims, iso imperious and intolerant in its demands, which threw into their midst the torch of discord in the name of religion, and struck against their rights, they must sink minior differences: as their fathers did in the bravo days of old. They must stand up and declare that the in dependence of their political institutions should not be tampered with, and that they would value as a blessing beyond all price the religious liberty which the blood and sufferings of their fathers secured for them' and their successors for over. (Prolonged applause.) He would read to them a few extracts taken from the spiritual exercises of Loyola: " That we may in all things attain the truth, that we may not err in anything, we ought ever to hold it a fixed principle that what I sc whito I believe black it the hierarchial church define it so to be." He would give them another specimen :--" Ques. tion: Of what use is the sign of the holy cross? Answer: To destroy all sorts of sorcery, and to drive away the devil, ghosts, and all temptations. (Laugh. ter.) Question : Is it allowable to take one's wages or anything else due to us in a secret clandestine manner? Answer : He who would act safely in this must ask his priest. (Laughter.) Question: Is its sin not to pay tithes? Answer : Yes, it is a great sin. (Loud laughter.) Question : How does the church punish the non-payment of tithes? Answer: She commands that such as do not pay shall be excommunicated and not restored until they have repaid all. (Laughter.) Question : What if they were wicked priests who should get the tithes? Answer: Honor is still due to them, for they remain vicars of God." He would give them the results of this kind of teaching. Dividing Italy into three great provinces-tnorthern, central, and southern- we find in the first, thlt is in the old provinces of Lombardy, there is a school for every 521 inhabit ants, and the total number of its scholars is at the rate of one pupil for every 13 of the population. In the central region-the Marchies, Umbria, Emilia, and Tuscany-there is a school for every 1407 of the inhabitants, and one scholar for every 42 of the population. In the provinces of Naples anid Sicily there is but one school for every 2481 persons, and but one scholar for every 75 of the population. Thus it appears from the tables of Signor 3fatteucci, xi-minister of education, that of every thousand males in the old provinces and Lombardy 539 were more or less able to read, and 461 did not know their letters. Of every thousand females 420 could read and 574 could not. --That is to say, about one.-half the' population was able todrehd._ ;Bt inasier td HBome--in. Emilis, Tuscany, the, iMarshes, and UTimlria--f cver thousazid males those whorcould rend were only ,359; leaving= 641~fwho could not; of every thosasnd females 750 were unable to read. So that in those provInces alittle over one.fourth only of the population could read. 'In Naples and Sicily -'where the reign ofi the priests was most umir tridied- those who could not.read were--of - er Sthiiando- iinl 835; of'every thousandfemales; ,9358. In other reids, in the Neapolitan provisaee in every ?andzreof the population ten only were able to read. esarer,to ?ome they itherefoms found something in iinerse ratio to whathe ,bisis owuald,lead them 't expert. And thisw? undera the Pope's very nose. He would girve theim st iaptii of 3fr. Lecaio: "It was the ?tom then a it is the e?atom zow-for the etr?Tlirc 'riesti to utamin the imagination of 'young faildcom by gloasftlyeCrismesa of fituer misery;;to \--hi r lies - they ei-o si r~a~mily oght prove indelible. Fer Englivhmen I imagtse, are aware oiffh infain? pshlications iritten iwith this object the pns .sH zecited ,M. Fsita.shbsi :-?"After be-th pauSie d of my bookon Ireland in 1888, my attestiso was ca~etd to gems scthtl histories written by theheni'for the'e use ~f the childrne in Rlomran ea is selscia$~ . Sd I added a chapter te the sestnd ,sdition of mny liooki: in which 1 commentil on the purra.ionendfaiatdcattonof bi?tory in those backs, oan ns:eof:-hichs A-rchbthcp W 'Colyas comanent was that- - 'nothinsg could excezos the unbl thing aaictit~ f its f tlsehoods Lrelt the a:trocity of i psinciples,' and that ' the pe?,seorin of its ntorsl ii atill wuase than its psnverasion of ts.c:s.'" Tak:e ,illiam Earat GCladetsnaes teostiito:v--fr. (;!fl ste, thes grasrtest eta1t:n, nl A nj7 of EnGLatnd ontce? ingltcl'y--- it wa-i a i?,l Cf Itihrte in which 1e had 'seen pga?ry--:he dtaugltr of fr--u, the motlr of c?ue-ai' andl rmcv--vt.s a?,r-d un:,er the s-sceiion o0fits geroreraet:t. Act-u:r : v..hr., ir y means 6f ?, philooph:cal clechitira for :hie uti of of.rehigion p-ntin?tce at ore:- fa!-:-, l,s-. a:l d' moralizing, and where tlhre w:o shiow a r-ial reaintion to prooccnpy nl! mniih in theo time of _tenr and waxen youth and i:fo,,i tl l capicit" of 'thoght with trhse pri?cipe's." Of this te::m!inl fnr primary echoels ?Lr. IGlrot,-ne hli-im- f with a righteo?ns indignation th-it does hit i.,nx,,r, recoris his delibiate?s judgment that .o nor. c5inntng plot wasa eer devised, a lt lt y tlioin, agot.iist t, free? dom, the happiner ss, the sirtue of mconkind. (Lftnd heers.) One of thm mea.s ly w'hicit tho IRoman Catholic prelates hero pro,;sed to rcmedy the grat and cryingwronngs of which ;they comrnpliied s;a tihe eerecion of itnrnlt. The p-iests were thus in strctll in the pas~tni:- Lot ttmme t rtittora .oLIt ts-i r h i- ststt: t!,t ssy.er et tltthtty (Goi; t l tl t theit ' q t' s--to tr-uc t' sa=? tat t-. t to -ti d, C- t t s ,ttttios to 5.sr's,.,a a eeat? ., nsi ns l aiois clesi,.ts is Kits acq~ ~ ~~~~LI si lttleatosse o et in tlsis stoat1 a eLeoi.CC Lot ono and all racember that their: tathon of oad sserod for the faith, sand let thue not show thamslrrs unworthy of their own fleshand hbloodScale which aacn ii fredonndod, and blood hichd was fmeely spiti ,rathe th m la i icj in pe rinlple or seenlsotlaele Cieutertt faith. Yet another extract from the pastoral:- Let all Catnteli parttls oeew that they cannot, withont serios gnolt, place their chlldren iO rozimate danger of ptr version. Let them bhear In mind that to do"so is to set at dente the taehligs of the catholic hourch; and tat, tunless there be eccpitisondl reas ansn, o thed daner be remotof which thingsi thoe hoch li the Juloge, no enseasor can absolve ouch Intia as are willing to expoe their thildren's sonls to the llighting influecne of an alien cred or a soenlariet 'sytem. ie thought that they world regardn these, directions as a gross outrage on parental authority, and an in. voion of. the holy domahin of home that ought to in yoke the stoutest resistance.; - (oheers.) To the parent belonged the bringing up of the child, the care of its body, its mind, and its heart. The parent was God's delegiate to do, or canso to he done, for the child tlhat'whieh would culture its intellect and guideo its nioril naturoe, so thatit'would beocomo fit to acceptably; perform its work in the' world. He had within th last day, or two heard a very good story about the pastoral which he thought worth repcat. iig. A Itoman catholie mother had her son at the pOblic school ih' Sydney, and one day horeas absent; Silo went to the school during thle dLay and, aw the teacher. The teacher asking her what had bhnomo of her' boe she said, "hoe i not herd to-day b6clanu he has gone tomnsos; but the will obe back to-morrow; I am not going to remove him becauso the pastoral says I must." The teacher saaidt will you not obey your pricst?" "I will not," she said. "I told him the other day. that it seeomed to me that the pastoral sliowd that our religion wr like very bad paint; and that if weo rubbed against the protestants it would all rub off." (Laughlter and prolonged cbers.) And yet another story. A little boy had been removed from the pub. ic school, but presently lie came back and the teacher said to him, "have you come back again ?" The boy replied, "nmy father said this hero pastoral allowed catholic teachers to be in the public schools; and father says if the bishop don't drive out the cithboic teachers out of the public schools he is not going to drive his children out." (Cheers.) If this manifesto could be translated into fact, they would have a dramatic representation of a most pecoliar nature. They would have the Archbishop n all his glory and grandeur, and with himt the ur bane James of Maitland, the relentless Mattlhew of 3athurst, the weak and somewhat obscure Viilliam of Goulburn, each with his mitre on, and each with a stout ecclesiastical stockwhip in hris lhand. They would eio deans, archdcacons, and priests ruslhing hero and thero labouring for one end, all inspired by one spirit, all flaming with one zeal, all deter mined that they would round up and nen in their indolent, wayward schep that had given the overseer so much trouble. Theya would sen these individuals determined to drive out all their lambs from the scabby districts of public schools, to enclose thlcm in IRomn lhurdles, and drive them off to a Iloinan statiocn. (Loud eheors.) Marke the pastorlm whip end the long lash of excommunication at the end of it. Remember how its echoes had been hceard ic every part of tlhe country in which a Iriest was stationed; heard in the confessional, heard at the foot of the altar, heard at the rites of confirmation. They would see that the intent was to coerce tihe judgment and break down tie righteous authority of the parent. It was a movement so gigantic that it was enough to convulse the colony with astonishment and indligna tion. (Clheers.' The second means by which the prelates soiuglht to attain tlceir ecds wa;s by coercing the voter and the palcliament. The prelates said that with politics as politics they had no desire to intermeddle. (Laughter.) They must Ihave looked at one another when they said that. (Laughter and cheers.) "Let catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities ; let them bring legiti mate pressure to bear in the right qunrtcer; and never cecaso in their persevering, their organized importunity, until thely lhave obtained those rights which no man can refuse them witihout self-evident injustice." They laew that the prelates of the cathlolic church dcabbled in politic, if not personally, by prozy. (Applause.) They ]itad sougilt to exer eise undue inllcuece in ocur claritablo icstitns titons, and by every means, some fair and some foul, had sought to push their men into the boroughl coucils. Their action meant the dcera.latioo of the franchlise, the violation of the sacred character of the ballot box, death to the indepeninlce of the voter, til des traction of parliamenttary institutions. It ceant that not only the religious liberty, but the political rightcis of a larg sectio of the community cere to be handedl over to the priests, that a mau should think as the priest thought--should act as the priest taught--and vote as tie priest commanded. a Were they lrelpared for this in this fair dependency of the l'ritish crowu ? lie was sure tlhat they had sense and spirit sullicient to say no. (Loud cheerlng.) They must fight at this mnttcr at tie lostings, if tic priciples of thie pastloral were proceeded with and pressed to a practical issue. They must say to the anoidcate., "are you for pocpe or parliament?" (cheers)--" for RIomo or Australia." tVha.t nad the great eoot, Shakespeare said of Encgland ? He said, This Ecrlnnnd never did, aer tlever rhtoll Lica t thes hroce foot of it cofqoler, h fnought hnll c nai ko l h r le, II Ecglanic to hIcrsclf do rest but trce. They must fight at the ballot-boxes, and for the time sink all milnor differences and joinc hanids to defeat this priestly conspiracy. (Loudl cheers.) They must toll the represecltatives of the people that they would wcotch tiho action in parlia. ment of this spirit ol tie IRoman catholic chllrch-k (checrs)--andc they would see to it that ill that supreme court of the nation tihe watchword lshould be "jcstico for all, anod preferential legislation for none." (Cheers.) And i thley thus stood together, and worked togtlcer, and battled together for the saceredness of their righilts, the freedon of politics, the freedom of conscieoce, which was their best hirthright, victory woulid crown their unicon, and they would save tihe country from thie lshadow of ca great disgrace and a great peril. If they all worked on the winning aid. tihe victory would coon all tle sooner. (Loud anod irologced cheering.) A collection was then madole and between CS and £9 were realized. Mr. W. S. Foxall in a few appropriate remarks proposed that a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to Dr. Kelynack for his able and interesting lecture. Mr. F. Armstrong had much pleasuro in second. ing the motion. The motion was carried with much onthusiasm and a'cdnsiderable display of Kentish fire. Dr. Kelynack suitably acknowledged the vote, and proposed that tie tlhanks of the meeting be conveyed to Mr. William Davies for presiding. 'lie was very much pleased thiat his old friend cMr. W. Davies had occupied the chair. They all knew his courage in coming boldly forward when tie right side had to be supported. (hlear, Iear.) . The lev. R. Johlnson seconded the motion. He had come in from Crookweil at great inconveniience just to showr which sid ie e was on. The Chairman in thanlkini thie audience for their approval of hisi conduet reminilded them that Rome time ago he had been chareld with ,belonging to societies whichi are supposedl to Ie anctagoicstic to Roman cathollirism, and hie Ihad deniedc the clargc. But he then said thalt it might be hlie would Ie forced into an attitude of oplpositioc and that then the public would know of it. He thouglht tie present a. timne wien it was his duty to scow hlimself on tie Eam s ids cOc thioe who were opposed s thie claims of the lRsoman catholic hierarchy. Wicat thile bishols dcy to Iloman catholics as to their relative positicons d:.! duties I:e hivd nothing now to ohser'. But :thcere was uh cl mrorl than thish in tle pastoral. If it hlad cnfincd itself to a simple conmmand to tihe pjeople ov'er iwhom its aulhor.s have the rule and had ?.iver the sinIle reason for withdrawal of olcman ciltholic chilclrnc from tle public schools tlst the l:Rn,'n catholic doc:rines could not ie tauight thlcre, thie puil!ie would largely have applauded so candid and clear ca ectatlment of the crase. (Hear. Iear.) Again, hInd tilhe pastoral been rcevI in Roman cathlo lic chicrihes or pulliscedl only in Roman ceatholic journ.ls he Woullldi have bc cc unwilling to interfereo; but ch, piastoral hlad been pnb!ishlcl by authority in ia.o .-,L(I~I !,z at o o om 1i,,pI.sl ,l, CciqLtd into cTcrc news:pap(,r, and aso a public document onciC to eri:icisle. Not only so; it was ruldresse-d to othcers cthc:i ioman cati:olics, and the co.ocmratiocn of others wia asccume.l in this crnciule ngainst public schools. Thu'c evrery Irerson in thie colony :acs intc:restedl ic the pa';toral, and each one was at lilety to p1lce ulon it his own constrnction---to n0irm thle tnIrtl of its alleclatians or to qmestioc their accuracy. (Clceere.) lie di tlhe latter. (Prolnged cheers.) Hie did so because he ihaA during inearly tcecntiy-five coars boeel endeavor'ilg to teslch chicldien to "' fe:r dli achl I;eicp ]is: c conuicnan' cvc st.." ' (Cteerls.) Ilundredosi of youneg impeople lhad Icn entrestc,.d to lois care on the WhhS;ath who 'ere tau.'hlt ic our tnlic sclhoo.l, c:rod he fucsrl?ssly as eairted that the terrilIe indlictinc.ct of th;: pa;=toral could not be pirovel. Surely the Iic:ture painted of our pubilic school was not a trutlhful one! Ife hal kuownv the teachers of our public ,chool from its coaacacmemnt, and he was sure they had not contributed to bring about such dicas. trous results. One thing the public schools were not charged with,that was proselytising; and the audience might be sure if one case could have been laid hold of it would have beeon made the most of and dealt with in the pastoral But if they were free from this in our public schools, let them go back to ia denominational school system and this prosolytising would be rampant. (Hear hoar). In England there were villages with only one school, and that a den ominational one, and children of non.conformist parentage had to go to Sunday-school and learn a catechise which their parents objected to as the condition upon which they could boe admitted to the day-schooL He felt keenly as a parout for the parents whose sons and daughters have been stigmatised on terms that could only apply to the worst and vilest. He contended that the clharges could not be proved, and it was not attempted. As a parent, as a teacher of youth, and as a member of the public school board, ho protested emphatically against the children of Goulburn being characterised in terms of the pastoral. (Applause.) And he hoped the meetings would be continued and the public voice be heard in zintagonism to the pretentions of the Romanu catholic hierarchy on the subject of primary educa tion. (Loud cheers). The National Anthem having been sung and the benediction pronounlced, tie mecting separated. 