COMMUNICATED. ; 1 [Correspondents jvbo are good enough to forward newspapers : containing theatrical items 'will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and: when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and thedate.J ' : ADELAIDE, AUGUST 18, | The rain, with datapi peraiatenoy, apoiljfc last week from a playgoer!a point of view. Fob some unexplained . reason, 'heavy ahowera began to fall regularly^t half-past 7 o'clock each evening, 1 continuing till aftet the theatre opened. ; A "grandbenefit" tendered to Jupiter Fluvius by .the Jupitera Adepa of colonial. managerar,.might k I poasibly «Jdjuat the ^difference, a.nd;lt>ok/iin|>ofeing on the billa.. "Bluebeard'i otaketi *r*ytto»night for "Clottda/'iand ^.Led'rtAUir&y;',J.iB thb subse quent ditih on iheudratoatic eitieboabl' D'Arcy Kead'B ghosts have vanished from and Thompson's Confederate tiottima of the American Wat will appear tot tile first time there this evening. The Acadenfy ffemftifis shut, but a benfeflt concert oft ttccoufifc bt the late lessee Is announced. StDNET, AUGUST 19. At the Theatre ftoyal, Mr. Creswick eon eluded hie eiigngement.on Friday last, playing " William Tell" and the Jealous Wife" for his benefit, In his address to the audience he complained of his want of success, attri buting it to the opera, and the press not having taken sufficient notice of his per formances. This, I think, was unfair, as the press hare always spoken highly both of Mr. Greswick and Miss Ashton, The real reason, in my opinion, is that Mr, Creswick on his first visit to Sydney played a very successful engagement for live months ; on his return, instead of starting with something new, he produced his old repertoire, which had beeh seen by every playgoer in Sydney. The only new productions were " Julius Ctesar," " llichelieu," and " Love's Sacrifice," and these were produced too late, when the season was already a failure. Of course the op position of the opdra company assisted to confirm the failure. On Saturday we had " The Bohemians," a French version of "After Dark." Last night Mr. B. N. Jones (the stage manager) took a benefit, and played "The Ladies' Battle." Miss Remote made a genuine hit as Miss O'Leary, for which she was thoroughly suited, aud the Eress of this morning speaks very highly of er performance and ner costumes. Miss A. Deorwyn as Mrs. Flowerdew also dressed well, and if this young lady would get rid of her mannerisms, of rolling her eyes about, playing at the audience, ana generally guBh mg, she would be a capable actress. Mr. Jones as Dimple, the light comedy part, was in his element, and the rest of the cast was well filled. At the Victoria Theatre " Carmen " is all the rage, and iB drawing crowded houses. The feature of the piece is Mr. Verdi as the Matador. He has now fully recovered his voice, and the public rush in crowds to hear and applaud him. At the Queen's Theatre the Mammoth Minstrels opened on Saturday night week last, and are a veritable success. Mr. Frank Weston, " the Johnson," has become a great favourite, as are also the four corner men, viz., Messrs. Cheevers, Kennedy, Brown, and Newland. The public opinion is that this is the best minstrel " show " we have seen for years, and on Saturday last money was refused at the doors. At the Guildhall Mr. Martin Simonsen has arrived with a company he calls " The Fro liques." They are drawing great crowds, and are highly spoken of. STYLOS. Wellington journals of date August 7 and 9 speak very highly of the Ophelia and Pauline of Miss Annie Mayor, who, it will be remembered, made her dAbftt at the Academy in this city hardly more than a year ago. 