ri he question of water .supply is one so closely affecting our particular interests in these Northern Districts that it is a mat ter of great importance t.o us that some steps should he taken to guard against a water famine. South Australia unfortu- nately, is very deficient in natural supplies of the indispensable fluid, and it becomes a necessity for the Government to take the matter iu hand for the purpose of mak ing some arrangement for the conservation of rain water at least, for th" use of the populace. From all parts of the eolony ppmes the cry of a scarcity >!' water, ami there is every probability of a recurrence ! throughout the northern districts, of the disastrous famine experienced by residents j on the Peninsula some two years ago. That there is every possibility of obviating j the distress resulting from a scarcity of water there can be no doubt, and if tint : Government were to exeicise forethought ! and the expenditure of a paltry sum, com paratively speaking, there is no reason to doubt but that the distress, inconvenience, and a vast amount of illness and number less premature deaths would bo prevented. We are almost out iivlv dependant upon an artificial supply of water, and in the event of a lengthened drought such as we are just experiencing, we must expect to suf fer gieat distress, unless indeed some steps are taken for the proper conservation of rain water in such quantities as shall at least mitigate the suffering and distress : experienced by a large portion of the com- 1 munitv. There can be no more serious ' thing than for large centres of population j and thickly populated country districts to j be without water, and we submit that it ' is the duty of our paternal Government to ; make provision against the recurrence of such a calamity as that which occurred on ; Yorke's Peninsula some two years since, j From Port Augusta we learn that the dis- tress is very great in consequence4 of an entire failure of the water supply from the Government reservoir. The surroundings of the case, however, point to the fact that gross carelessness has been shown by : the Waterworks Department in this mat- ter 3 and, what is worse still it. has been : shown in the face of a possible drought, j It becomes the duty of the heads of any ! department, to provide for contingencies, and this the Waterworks Department has very evidently failed to d >. We hop the ' Government will deal promptly with the Pert -Augusta difficulty, and thus guard j against serious consequences. In our own districts there is every probahili'y of a scarcity of water, and seeing that by a little judicious expenditure the distress consequent- upon a failure of the supply might he obviated we would suggest that, . ! as we have as yet been ignored in so far as the construction of a reservoir is con- i eerned. the Government should, without delay, send a party of men under an e> - j perienced borer for the purpose of testing the country for supply upon the artesian principle. This is a serious matter, and will not admit of delay, ami we would urge our suggestion upon the Government, especially as there is every probability i that the trial would prove successful. A ! gentleman experienced in well- sinking in | America told us a few days ago after j examining thelay of the country, the strata i and other .surroundings, that he was conti- I dent that good fresh water would be struck j at a comparatively moderate depth on the j flats south of the town. Upon being in- j formed that trials had ben made and that, j the result had been anything but satisfac- j lory from the influx of brackish water, lie j replied that that was nothing but the drainage water from the surface of the earth, which contained a large proportion j of salt and manganese, ami that if wells ! upon the artesian principle were sunk this obstacle would be easily got over, as the pipes would prevent the brackish water going down with the borer, and that the probable result— nay, almost certain result — would be the discovery of an in exhaustible. supply of good fresh water. The late discovery at Wilmington points to the accuracy of this statement, and as the necessity fur a supply of goo.d water is not only felt by the inhabitants of the town but by the railway- authorities for the engines, we would urge in the most emphatic manner the necessity for taking immediate steps to meet the requirements of the district in this respect. We are subject to droughts, and none can tell when we may suffer most disastrously from a water famine. Under the.se circumstan- ces then we say reticence on the part, ot the Government in this particular will be both inhuman and uisgraoetul. In commercial life itwmiid be taken as a sign of incompetent administration to manage matters connected with business in such a manner as to entail a maximum of cost, irrespective of the character of the returns ; and further, it would be sheer madness to inconvenience customers in the transaction of business. In this respect wo confess that South Australian Governments, and the heads of departments especially, have not been altogether blameless, for instead of making the convenience of the subject a study tliey seem absolutely helpless to manage matters in keeping with the wishes of the people, and transact business in such a way as to produce the greatest expense and inconvenience. We confess in the years that are past it became necessary that great economy should be exercised in the conduct of the business of the country, but with our improved circumstances, extended popula tion, and subjugation of the interior, what was applicable in the days of our juevuility should necessarily 'become obsolete. The Government, are hound to bow to the public voice, f>>r it has been held ever since (.''insti- tutional Government, was enacted— aye, and long before recognised, nationalities existed — that tile welfare of the people was or should be the lirst great law ; and whatever form their united petition, took the riding power was bound to take cognizance of it. The old Latinists very aptly put it when the) advanced the thesis, " vox populi vox Dei," and we maintain that the voice of a large and respect able section of our community is raised against the injustice they at present labour under by living compelled —we use the word in its fullest signification — to visit Clare quarterly under certain conditions. If the the voice of the people i.-, to b> recognised as right we say that the authorities in the administration of affairs are bound by all that is just to listen to that petition and grant its prater. We may very possibly have laid ourselves open in the foregoing remarks to a charge of sentimentality : but : if so we plead as an excuse the fact that ; we are advocating justice ami right. We : were particularly struck whilst visiting Clare upon the occasion of the sitting of the Licensing Bench, last week, with the un fairness of the uraangement. For we no- ' tieed that persons from Saltia, Eurelia, and j other places in the remote interior, who were j desirous of obtaining -licences for new houses : or transference of old licences were compelled : to be in attendance at the sitting of the : Bench, and in cases where objection had had been taken to renewals the objector as , well as the publican was forced to attend. This, we presume, in addition to numerous ; witnesses, meant so much expense to the Government : and we look upon it r.s so much unnecessary expense. Bur apart alto gether from this point of expenditure m; the part, of the Government, we submit that the subject is entitle. 1 to some slight considera tion, atul that some means for removing r.t least a portion of the existing inconvenience and expense consequent upon attendance at the Court at Clare should be devised. Judge I from a point of fairness we can arrive a: m> i.rlu»r (Muplimio!) flinv. rh if 1 1 » hr;n t ;i iii in ;i distance of 'Jul miles for the purpose of obtaining a licence is the heigh: of unfairness- The expense of travelling where railways are unknown, with coach tr.iv -lling inconvenient and fares high, means an enormous amount. It certainly is a mat tor t eq airing no slight atten tion, and We would suggest as the settlement of the country cxten Is inkm 1 that arrange ments should be made either for a Court to sit in one of the Northern townships, or to enable applicants t > appear by attorn y. V\ o | have not unnecessarily expatiate 1 up m the I details of theeasi, but. have sai 1 sufficient to 1 show that the mitier needs alteration. Oar i suggestion could be very easily carried out. as the constitution of these Courts virtually I means little or no expense to the Govern- i mcnt. We trust the matter will receive j attention at no distance date, ami are confi- ' dent that the innovation would be hailed i with pleasure by th: class :n >st intimately : connected with tin- matter. \ There still remain ''remarks " Atticus") s<vnc specimens uf brave old "" salts with the full ; flavour about them ot the days of I olrmgton and Nelson. 1 lie Commissioners of the Harbour . Trust and several guests proceeded down the j Uav iu the steamer War'nawk to wju mi: the i Marquis of Nonnaaby on his arrival iu \ ictoria, ! ail I having some time to spire a visit wis pit 1 : to Her Majesty's ship Danaj. Tluv Were e ui liiete-l o ver tile ship, an I one of the g ici.s, j the Mayor of a suburban b irough, after mspcet- i ing the guns, asked an assistant gunner, who | wis acting as eieerone, to show liiiu the spikes, j The gunner, all at sea, scratched his Ilea 1. and j ultimately produced a cutlass for inspo -tion. j " Oil," said the enquiring municipal dignitary, ' " I don't me in that. I uii.au things with which i the can- in are reii lere ! useless wh :ii in d mger of being capture 1 by an enemy." " Why," j cuno the reply, coineidmt with the conventional j hitch of the trousers an I roll of the quid from j the left cheek to the right. "I can't do that, j for the British sail >r never spike -: his guns." , A correspoii lent of the Port Aug i-mi Dispatch | says: — "An engine drawing eigiit wagons, eou- i tabling railway materials, it:., left our local i station at about 4 o'clock on Mmi-l iv morning | for the Fifteen Mile ( ' imp. Several persons on j the train were admiring the beautiful effect j produced by the sparks from the engine, when j just after entering the hills this side of Saltia j their admiration was turiie 1 to dismay as tile ; guard from the end trucks was seen leaping . la j from one truck to .another in an excited manner exclaiming, 'A tire iu the powder truck.' Of j course the driver stopped the engine at om-e. ; The truck in which the tire was contained. ' besides tools for workme", twelve kegs of guu- i po.vdcr, each containing lifty pounds. The j g lard before leaving tiie cud trucks uncoupled ; the last three tin 1 -r the impression that there w is m i other chance of escaping destruction i than bv leaving such d ing .-roils eoni'i.in v behind j " . j as soon as full .speed could do it. Mr Harrison an overseer on the line was a passengir. He 1 took a bucket, lille I it from th : tea L-r, an I j rushed to the sixth truck containing the powder, j and after using four buckets of water the tire ; w is extinguished, the other passengers leaving the train an I running in various directions ; Tiie only covering over the powder was two ' bags, one of which was totally destroyo I and I the other partially. The end of one keg con- ' tabling powder was vharre 1 almost through, a j sscone! one being als" slightly damaged. A I more mir.a uilous escape can liar l!y he im igined, j and had it not been for the presence of mill. I of i Mr Harrison it is doubtful if tins w hole train ! would have escaped total destruction, together j with the loss of seven or eight lives, besides i damage to the permanent way. Mr Harrison said he would risk his life to save the train, and ' lie did so. When tin; danger was all over seme amusement was caused by recalling the ex- : clamation of the hero of this incident upon liear- ; of the lire, ' Oh the train is spoiled !' when under the circumstances a hasty prayer would i have been inure in season. Perhaps more are . "til! h" taken in inturc win p lor warding c ei- . r-oivdt r by rail A man named Richard Torpy die-1 suddenly ! at Wilmington on Tuesday last. The jury | returned a verdict of ' died from heart i 1 disease." ! A little son of Mr \V. Stnallaeombe met with a sevdrc accident on Thursday last, it appears ! the buy was riding after some cattle when he i | was thrown from his horse and sustained a j ; broken arm. His hand was also fearfully cut, : and the medical attendant who was soon on the I spot found it necessary to amputate a linger. The Mount Pleasant- Agricultural .Society's Show on Tuesday last was an unparalleled success The. Rev. II. J. Lambert delivered his famous lecture on the "The Great Pyramid" at James town on Monday evening last, to a fair : audience. The Baptist Association held its half yearly session at Jamestown mi Monday last. A frontage of twenty-live feet to Ellen-street, | Port l'irie, next Mayor's Hotel, was sold on j Saturday last at auction at £25 4s. per foot. i A Mr. Lovelock, a farmer, resilient at ' Ardrossan, has sustained a severe loss. Seven - of his valuable horses, estimated as worth £10 apiece, got among the wheat and ate a quantity They all died. Every possible effort is being made, by the Committee of the Great Northern Racing Club to have the Course in apple-pie order for the 26th and 27th. The erection of the Grand Stand is nearly completed. Several men are actively engaged in preparing the running ground, ami altogether the Racecourse presents a scene "f great activity. Some additional arrests have been made of Kelly gang sympathisers in the Benall.a district. The black-trackers who have been dispatched in search of the Kelly's are spoken of as small wiry men confident i.f success. It is to be hoped that ibis notorious gang may be speedily . exterminated. Our readers are reminded that a celebration at Ge.irg.-town takes place on Monday next, St. Patri- -It's Day. Extensive arrangements have been made tor providing an attractive pro- ; gramme, and we have every re.uum to believe that the efforts of the Committee will result very satisfactorily. We expect to see a very large gathering. The ( ooRRittee of the (treat Northern Jockey ! Club met at Host Blake's Booyoolce Hotel, ; win.-ti the acceptances for the forthcoming races - were n-.. civ ,1. Out ..i' tiie 32 nominations for: the Great Northern Haii.li.-ap. only eight have a--. -el. fed. ati i t i i . s - : a poor lot in comparison ; With the > npaa." tii.it was expected. Neither ' B-iswortli. i' hi" is: Nerissa. Device, nor The i Hook have accepted, and it is a mystery to us j that Device should have slipped nut of this big ra especially when she is engaged at the B Ilia a tew days afterwards. The Flying Handicap — i out of 22 nominations -supplies live acceptances : whilst tiie .Steeplechase has dwindled down j from 14 to seven. Viuoria will be represented f . in the Steeplechase by Selector only — a rare i : good horse, as lie has often proved himself. ! : Altogether the entries iu this race are satisfae- ; tory as far as quality goes, for what with I Sar -hedoii, Hamlet, Frank Hewitt, and Selector i at tiie timber we should u itiie .a splendid race. ' The Areas Handicap has brought out a tield of : fourteen horses, ami we have every reason to believe that the greater portion of this number : are starters. We notice among ntl-cr names a ; representative of Victoria in Warlock, whose performances have liot been without merit on ; . Victorian ground. The Town Plate sees 10 i j ! nominators, and ought to be an excellent race. | , There is a good show of lo ;al horses, and it is to | ! be hoped that for the honour of tile " North I : count rie" they may take the laurels fr.un some | of tin; Metropolitan cracks. i The Hamilton Spectator asserts, on tile authority of a surveyor no-.v camped on tiie Drouiu track, t'-. it M irtiu Weiberg is still at large in Gipps bind, an I .apparently in very little dread of l!i: ji.di He visited the surveyor's camp in c uupauy with another man oil the evening of the 20th iust., about 10 minutes after a policeman and detective had passed on horseback. Weiberg seeim- I quite aware of the proximity of the police. He and his companion, after remaining a few min ites in : the camp, started off along the track at a trot. There wer : six men in the camp at the time, but the survey -.-r apparently did not think it , worth his while to capture Weiberg, whom lie ! admits lie recognised. Tiie lien ligo Advertiser is responsible for the 1 foil owing A few days ago a line specimen of the feline race, belonging to the landlady of ; the well-known hostelry, the Royal Duke Hotel, : Hargrea ves-street, caught a large rat, but was unable to retain it, and the disagreeable animal ; escaped into a hide, much to the chagrin and disci ir.fi t ure of puss. The cat spent hours in i wistfully watching the crevice which had cheated | liiu: of his prey, until u b me with scant supply i.f licsli on it was given lo it. Grimalkin took it ! in her mouth, but. instead of eating it as usual, was observed to carry it to the hole where tiie ; rat was ensconced and carefully place it a few inches from the aperture. The cat then ; retired a few feet away, and crouched behind a i saucepan. Presently she made a treuiendou ; i spring, anil a shrill squeak, such as can only 1 emanate from an impaled rodent, proclaimed the cat's stratagem hail been successful, and her enemy hung lifeless in her temi;ious clutch.'' Atlas is responsible for the following : — " I ; suppose the ' dear loaf ' is inevitable — as if Eng land had not trouble and destitution enough as : it is. But Mr 'Jim' Kcciie means she shall j have no more ill the spring. It must have ro- j quired some nerve, however, financially speak - : ing, to do as Mr Kccne did a fortnight ago iu ; New York. He put his waistcoat pocket, drew i 1,500,000 dollars, enclosed it in a money-express ! envelope to Chieogo, with orders to buy up i every grain of wheat in the market. These i details are literally exact, and the order was j tilled, ib" Keene thus becoming possessed of all the December wheat which the grain-grow dim | prairies of the West have yielded. It is said j that the Speculator 'intends to hold and to con - ; tinue buying until the shipping season opens in : the spring, when he expects to unload judioious- ! ly at not less than one dollar a bushel, and j pocket the proceeds.' Ho pays SO cents a ! bushel. This will give him a profit of tenpence English on every one of the thousands upon thousands o! bushels he ini" bought and will " j The following strange affair is reported from j Me Donnell Bay in the "South Eastern Star." j An extraordinary supernatural occurrence which ! is said to have taken place oil the coast between ' here and Rivoli Bay, is creating a great sensation j here. Walter and William Garrison have been | at work for some time obtaining oil from the ; whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tent till after night fall. Just at the twilight William Garrison was : loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once | lie heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in I the direction from whence the sound proceeded j he observed what appeared to be a man of rather ' unusually tall stature making towards him. i Garrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, j and it appeared so weird and unearthly that his | blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On ; it came, and as it approached yelled again, j Garrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking j aim tired at the object, which appeared to sink j ;nto the ground out of sight and left no trace j behind. At the same instant Walter Garrison, j who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition and, having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they j were seen." | From several stations (states the Border i | Watch) we hear reports of stock suffering ; : severely from want of feed and water ; and j ! there is no doubt if rain does not come soon the losses will !>e very heavy. Already -sheet) arc ' dying in considerable numbers, and in some ! cases the waterholes are getting blocked up with j their dead carcases. Farmers, too, are com plaining of scant feed, and their big haystacks i are not likely to prove any too big by the time : -prill" collies. ; We understond that Mr W. Tucker, whose 1 promises were recently burned down, has at ' length received his insurance money. Mr G. M. Tucker has scarcely been so fortunate i as yet, but it may now be expected that his ' claim will be speedily settled, i The weather gods are very evidently dis- ! pleased with us, and during the past week or two have followed somewhat the course im- puted to the deities of heathen mythology : ; " those whom the gods would destroy they : first made mad." Wo arc short of wator, and i have been tantalized times innumerable with ' threatened downpours : but, iiiif- irtuiiatoly ; so far, the atmospheric disturbances have j passed quietly away, and the heavens have ; maintained their unrelenting character, re- j minding us of a scriptural statement " the : heavens are as brass." Residents in our j community have been on the tip-toe of expee- j tatioii at intervals for many weeks pmst only j to have their lmpes again east down. On Wednesday evening, however, there were uu- j usual atmospheric disturbances. The wind i blew from the north-west, accompanied by I impenetrable cloiuls of dust, and the sun | sank to rest behind a huge sombre-looking j cloud pile, to which its last rays imparted a i lurid glare. Everything portended a heavy i thunderstorm, the .atmosphere was close ancl 1 sultry, and we were certainly delighted to j think the long drought was to lie at length | broken up. About 8 p.m. a few drops of I rain fell, the wind blew furiously, and the | dust clouds were absolutely suffocating, j When the storm of wind and dust abated the j atmosphere was decidedly pleasant, but all j signs <-f rain hag disappeared. It has been : threatening almost ever since, but as yet the refreshing shower has not fallen. 