SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ' (vaots obn own connKsroNDENT.V ADELAIDE, August 12. We nrc nt present in tne enjoyment of very seasonable wCallier, the sun showing himself occa sionally, while' light rains fall at intervals 'and pro mote the growth of vegetation. ' The ap|ienrancc of the erops 'is spoken of favourably in all direc- tions ami iiign nupcsuruciiLcn.uiiicu ui an auuutiam. harvest. In Parliament the Bills to which I have pre viously alluded have been under debate, and the Hon. A. Hay has brought forward liis proposal in the Council for the amendment of that body. He contends that when a measure lias been passed by the' Assembly and rejected by tlie Council tlie Government should have power to nominate and appoint additional members to the Council, but not more than piie-third the number of the elected members of that body, and the whole of the nomi nated members shall retire when tlie first batch of elected members retire by effluxion of time, when, if tboy are desirous of still sitting in tlie Council; tlicy cun go to the country for election. Mr. Hay's object is to throw tlie responsibility on tlie Government of resorting to the expedient of nominating members to the Council. The Budget- '-speech, was delivered by the Treasurer (Hon. 0. Mann, Q.C.), on Tuesday, August fi, and liis- figures showed that there was an actual deficiency on June 80, 187'.), of £285, HIM, which is about £1200 ions than the deficit at the close of lust -year. This does not include the supplementary estimates, which ' will probably increase the deficit by another £-10,000 or £50,000. As compared with the actual results of last year's operations, the estimated revenue shows an increase of £198,192, and the outlay, not including unexpended bulnnces, of £80,179. The Customs arc estimated to bring in £11,000 more than they did- Inst year, and land sales to produce £02,000 more; It is proposed to expend on public works about £0-1,000 more llinn last year, and £30,000 less on immigration. To meet the deficiency tlie Government propose to levy a properly and income tax of sixpence in tho pound on realized and invested cupital, and threepence 111 the pound on business incomes nnd salaries above £300 per annum. From £80, (XX) to £100,000 is expected to be realized from these sources. The tariff will remain untouched. , A newspaper warfare between the two dailies has sprung up over the case of one George Plum- ridge. Tins man who is a vegetable hawker, was accused, of stealing a carriage lump, hut was honourably "acquitted ; but before Ins acquittal, although unknown: to tho police, ho was treated like an old offender or a person charged with a very grave crime. His accuser was a mere hoy, but the man was looked up and bail refused. He was escorted .home by it policeman, nnd his neigh bours testified that lie had not loft his house at Glcnclg until after tho hour nt which the alleged offence was committed. Notwithstanding this, lie was- detained in custody for two days, and three policemen -searched his house in n very ruthless fnshion.'gsFinnlly lie was discharged, . there not being tho smallest doubt ns to his inno cence of the offence imputod to him. Whilst he Wits iUUIWUU . UJ,.WV UMUttU Ul JjUUUO IJU « 1W> vending, which tho police seized, were spoiled, nnd When Plumridga sought for redress from his prose cutor the hoy had -disappeared. One of tho papers blamed the police for their 'action in this matter,' and the other, defended them, and then the writers fell out and abused each other. Two or three cir cumstances lately have strengthened the belief in tho minds of many that tlie bunds of the police de partment hero want waking up. Thorn are some smart incn in the force, but ns a body the police are sleepy over big mnttors nnd very officious in ' Bmnll things. . A"'number of burglaries have taken place lately, and the offenders have cleared away with their booty. Quito recently a jeweller's Bliop in Hindley-street was brokon into, and over £1000 worth of proporty tnken away. As tho police could'not trace the robber it was given out that tlie jeweller, Mr.: Hallmun, had concocted the. Story for reasons of his own ; but one day last week they were astonished to. find that the Melbourne police hod captured two incn in that city who had some of Use stolen.jewellory in their possession. This set the detectives on the alert, and they have since arrested nt l'ort Adolnidc a innu named Clins. Wnlt, nnd his assistant, George Ambler, who arc charged with being concerned in a. systematic . course of robbery. A nuiubor of stolen articles, tho pro ceeds of seven or - eight burglaries, were found on the premises of Hurt, who was regarded ns a store keeper in. a goad way of business. Hart nnd Ainuler have been charged with " receiving," and remanded Until tho other mon are brought round from Melbourne, While these oilonces were being perpetrated the police have been showing their vigilance by capturing stray puppy dogs in the streets, as the -provisions of tho Dog Act are to bo strictly enforced. Tradesmen and others have been victimized by. thieves, while the " forco" lias lieen expending its strength and ingenuity m an occupation that would ho better' performed by Chinamen. An invention that is likely to be of incalculable benefit to your squntting community will be uinongst tho. Adelaide exhibits at your big show. I could explain the working of tlie machine nnd iffi construction, but nm not at liberty to do so, be cause the -inventor is applying for n patent for the colonies; It is a machine for wool-wnshing, and although you will only sco a roughly-con structed model, the process has been in practical operation on 'the station of Messrs. Warren and Ifogarth, at Strangwny's Springs, for the last five or six years. I. have 'it on the testimony of the Hon. . Thomas. Hogarth, and his son-in-law, : Mr. Warron, the inventor, that without the aid of this machine -tliey would not . have bean nblo to stock their station, which is Bituntcd GOO miles from Adelaide. > You will see. it on the mnp on tlw overland telegraph line — a building on the station having been lent for the use of tho operators. At that distance from a labour market the old process- of wool-washing- was slow, uncertain, and expen sive, and : Mr.' Warner, being compelled by that necessity which sharpensniostmcn s wits, to find a bettor plan than, tho ancient fork process, evolved a very ingenious mid most cffcotivo apparatus from the depths , of his .inventive imagination. Mere than ..this,, ho had to construct it himself out of the ndo appliances at hand, and aided by his equally intelligent and practical' partner. By tlioir united efforts. tlicy/ made u plain, simple-looking affair, with Very little, mnchinory about it to get out of order,' but'which, when1 dnvon by a single horse- , power, nnd1 tondod' by two men and a boy,- will joloanSo morc wool inono day and in a more oven ; sad efficient ' manner ' than twenty or thirty men with forks,' Indeed, the one-liorse would furnish power enough to drive two machines, or at least a drying machine, which the inventor is just perfect ing, in addition to the washer; By this process ihe'wool is so thoroughly washed thst no dirt or debris is navried to market,. and, . Messrs.! Warner and Hogarth have realized from !2s 2d to 2s 5d per lb for their wool at the sales in England. Tlie Hon. T. Hogarth, who is the father, of Mr. War ren's partner, arid I believe has an interest in tlie station, assured me thai they could not get on with out, the 'machines, and that it will .become to the woolgroiver what Kidley's reaper is to the . wheat- grower of this colony1; He says it is just as much superior to the bid fork process as the threshing machine is to the flail. ; > . Tho various racing elubs have not yet effected an amalgamation, but endeavours arc being made to bring about the desired end, and to put tlie affairs of the 8.A..I.C. (who owe £3000) in better order. At the last Newmarketlraccs, on August G, Mr. Barnard bad the totalisator in full operation (not Franck's patent instrument, but curds and hooks kept by clerks), and about £1 100 was invested. Barnard made a charge of 10 per cent., wliich was regarded as an imposition. 1'jie police threatened to take action against hini, but nothing has been done up to the present. Tlie steamer Itidge Park, with tlie first instal ment Of exhibits for your Exhibition; leaves Adelaide to-day. A number of articles arc on board that will be of interest to visitors, but many others are to follow. Our silversmiths, for in stance, are lit present at work oil the exhibits which tlicy intend to forward. ' Musical and theatrical matters are in a dull condition just now. The Academy of Music is still closed, hut the burlesque of " Bluebeard at the Theatre Royal is drawing moderate houses. D'Arey Read is! showing his ghost at White's Rooms, but will give place on Monday to Thorn ton's Diorama of the American" War. 