Sydney. [FOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] May 8. The tender of Messrs. Amos Bros, for the construction of a railway from Tamworth to Uralla, at a cost of £610,000, has been accepted. Professor Pell, formerly of the Sydney Uni« versity, died yesterday of paralysis. The P.M. Company's Australia, s., from Sydney via Auckland, arrived at San Franoisco on April 23, one day in advance of contract time. The case brought against the proprietor of the " totalisator" at the late Randwick meeting has broken down, owing to the magistrates disagree- ing among themselves. Henry Zeplin, charged with having set fire to an hotel in Castlereagh-street, has been discharged without a stain upon his character. A letter published to-day at the instance of Mr. E. Du Faur, and dated Bourke, April 10, states that the writer, while on the Bulloo river, met a blackfellow who gave him information justifying a belief that several years since a white man was living with the blacks in that part of the colony, and that he had been with them for many years previously. The Legislative Assembly resumed to-day the consideration of the Land Bill in committee. It is expected that Parliament will not be pro- rogued until June. An action has been brought by the City Bank against Sir G. W. Allen to recover £4700 paid by plaintiffs on behalf of the Pheonix Building Society, of which defendant was a director. The case, which was partly heard to-day, arises out of the late Raynes and Treve frauds. At a meeting of the miners of the Hunter district to-day, at which there were seven hundred present, a resolution was passed ap- proving of the vend system as the only means of securing to each colliery a legitimate share of the trade, and of preventing ruinous competition. Arrived : Elamang, s., from Brisbane. The Chronicle announces that his Excellency the Governor has intimated to the race com- mittee that it is his intention to be present at the Toowoomba annual races, to take place on the 15th and 10th of this month. It will be Been in our advertising columns that No. 1 Battery, Q.V.A., have decided on a trip to Moreton Island on Monday, May 25, for which purpose they have chartered the s.s. Lady Bowen or Queensland. With the excellent band of the Battery a pleasant day may bo expected. Owing to the unfavorable state of the weather the cup match, which was to have taken place at the Hamilton between the Albert and Milton clubs'to-morrow afternoon, has been postponed by mutual arrangement between the secretaries of both clubs, there being a desire that the game should be played on a fair true wicket, so that the last cup match between these clubs shall be contested on its merits. In our advertising columns will be found an * amended list of players chosen to play at Ipswich, to-morrow against the victorious eleven that played at Beenleigh during Easter week. As the Ipswich men have been practising together for some time, they are in very good form, and fancy themselves for to- morrow's contest. The Brisbanites are equally sanguine, and a good match ia anticipated. Should the weather be favorable, a pleasant day's outing will be afforded the Brisbanites, and a very fitting occasion to wind up the cricketing season of 1S78-79. All the players selected are requested to put in an. appearance at the Brisbane station at half-past 7 (" wet or fine"), as it is intended to proceed by the 7.40 train. It is necessary that all Bhould be at the station at the time specified, notwith- standing the weather ; and if it be unfavorable the entire team will have the opportunity of de. ciding upon what action to take. A LDNAHo named James Ule effected his escape from the Woogaroo Asylum on Tuesday last. The unhappy escapee is an Englishman, about 36 years of age, of medium height and build, with brown hair, and gray hazel eyes. Ha is still at large, and if any person should happen to see him they would do well to communicate at once with the police. Wi learn from the Obsencr that a meeting of the Agricultural Society was held in Ipswich on Wednesday afternoon, but iu consequence of the small attendance the consideration of the erection of the new buildings was" postponed until Tuesday next. Mr. Chubb submitted a draft of the show proposed to be held in July» the discussion of which was also deferred. Fbost the Examiner of May 6 we learn that Glen Innes was -visited by a heavy fall of snow on Saturday last that continued for several hours. A coRRESroSDEifT of the Warwick Argus writes that there waa a slight frost at Allora on the night of Thursday, the 2nd instant, and that on the following (Friday) night a more severe one played sad havoc with the more backward of the i potato crops. He adds that, fortunately, the greater portion of the crops were so well advanced I as to be beyond the influence of the frost. There seems a strangely Btrong prejudice in England against marriage with a deceased wife's siBler, and considering in how many of the colo- nies auch a union is now legal we are surprised to find the pertinacity of the opposition to what appears on this side of the equator so harmless a proceeding. We believe feminine sentiment in England has long been in favor of legalising such a marriage, and this feeling probably will be much intensified by the august advocacy of the heir apparent. It is bo unusual for tho Prince to speak in the House of Lords that we conclude he must have strong personal convictions on this question, though we cannot help commiserating his Royal HighneBa upon the necessity of speak- ing on a subject about which the arguments, pro »ud con., have been bo hopelessly exhausted. As will be observed by our Syduey telegrams, our old friend has turned up again, this time on the Bulloo river. This white man who livea with the blacks ia a perennial source of interest that may fairly claim to rank with the sea serpent, and other tantalising marvels. Who is he who has passed years of his life on this outer verge of the civilised world ? Is it our veu érable friend Clasheu again, solemnly awaiting the return of poor Hume, and yearning to unbosom himself of anecdotes of Dr. Leichhardt! There is perhapB only one figure that surpasses this gray-haired long-bearded solitary in interest ; and that is more from the fact of unsatisfied curiosity failing to stimulate imagination suffi- ciently to depict a shape for which there is no .¿ular precedent, whereas one of our species is easily imagined iu any state or condition. We allude, of course, to the bunyip, of whom we trust soon to hear good accounts from the Bulloo. The entertainment which goes by the name of c' Carlton's Ghost "was decidedly more success- ful lost night, as far as the performance itself was concerned, than on the previous evening. The main attraction of the entertainment consists in the remarkable mannor in which figures, often suspended in mid- air, are presented to the view of the spectators, these figures being made to sing, dance, and perform antics that set the laws of gravitation entirely at defiance. The illusions are undoubtedly clever and well executed, and this part of the bIiow alone is worth the money charged for admission. It must not be supposed that the visions presented are all of a ghostly and repulsive nature. One old gentleman, who insists upon making his appearance very frequently during tho latter part of the enter- tainment, is ugly euough in all conscience ; but his place is occasionally taken by creatures of a most captivating description, who occasionally treat their audience to a specimen of their vocal abilities. The " business " with which the in- tervals between the appearance of the " ghosts " are filled up is of a rather inferior order, but ns this íb only a secondary element in the show theBe defects are likely to be overlooked. At the sittings of tho Petty Debts Court yes- terday, before Messrs. T. Illidge and M. Ward, JJ.P., verdicts for the plaintiffs for amounts claimed, with costs, were given in each of the following undefended cases :-A. Shaw aud Co. v. F. M. Knowles, claim £4 12s. 6d,, for rent ; Alfred Shaw and Co. v. J. Fountain, claim £3 8b. 6d,, for goods sold ; and W. Berry v. A. Simpson, claim £0 8s, Od., for money lent. These is one man in our community, and a very respectable man too, whoso caso we com- mend to universal commiseration. That he has made no complaint, given no sign whatever that he regards himself as the victim of a miscarriage of justice, is of itself, to our mind, an additional evidence of the hnrdncss of hU case. We are sure that all who know Mr. Tully will agree that no worthier citizen dwells amongst us ; and yet it is against this man that all the machinery of the law has been brought to bear so long and so persistently that the phrase "verna Tully" has become familiar in our mouths as household words, We can conceive of nothing more directly »ubvorsive of belief in the moral government of the universe than the fact that this man, whose youth and manhood, as we have every reason to believe, have been alike guileless, should be singled out as a target for the arrows of the law and the strokes of adversity. With regard to the heavy judgment which has recently been given against him, we can only say that, from all we can learn about the case, he is as innocent as the babe unborn. We learn with indignation that his advocates took no pains to clear him of any personal share in the matter in question- called no witnesses to character-did not even attempt to prove an alibi. We begin to have a shrewd surmise, though, that Mr. Tully is acting the part of a hero ; that he hnows who did it, but that rather than inculpate a certain exalted per- sonage, whose sex and station he regards with equal loyalty, he allows his name to be Bhadowed by a ". versus" and covered with an ignominy of defeat. If this be thuB, the age of chivalry is not dead. We are not sure that it is not even far surpassed. Many have been the knights who have died for their Queen ; but what knight of old ever suffered himself to be transmogrified int» a legal fiction rather than that " Regina" should be blasphemed amid the jargon of legal technicili £"es ?. If our surmiBe be correct, it is to be hoped that such a unique act of self-renun:ia tion will not go without its reward. Ii is something, indeed, to have stood for royalty ¡ to be considered even for a time as una persona lum regina; to be able to claim legal kinship with Rich mighty shades as John Doe and* Richard Roe ; but these honors can hardly be deemed sufficient compensation for Mr, Tully's sufferings. L(t it be ours, at all events, to see that he is no bser pecuniarily. Happily the advice is not needed, and we are glad to be able to announce to Lim that an admiring colony has resolved that, if the money be paid at all, it shall come out of the public purse.-"Specialities," in the Qucets lander, WE (Bulletin, May 1) are informed that the mob of 1200 head of cattle, recently sold by Mr. Chauvel to the owners of Oxford Downs station, and which have been detained eleven weeks on the south side of the Fitzroy at Yaamba, owing to freshets in the river, succeeded in crossing safely yesterday. They had to swim the river, but no great difficulty was experienced in cross- ing. The mob are in charge of Mr. Gilbraith, but ooing to the wet weather and the sloppy state of the country, the journey has been an unfortunate one, and the cattle have suffered extensively from pleuro-pneumonia, 300 out of the 1200 having died. It appears that the great mortality and the protracted delay encountered on the journey induced Mr. Chauvel to send up Mr. M. Jordan, from Tabulam, to ascertain pre- cisely how they were getting on, and, if posible, to expedite their progress. Mr. Jordan having accomplished his mission is now returning to the Clarence, and informs us that while the cattle were camped near the Yaamba crossing inocula- tion was resorted to with good results, the pleuro being now completely stamped out of the herd, which is in a fairly healthy condition. He also reports that another mob of 600 cattle, and also 70 bulls, which had been detained in a similar manner, were moving down to the river to cross as he was leaving Yaamba. The D. D, Oazdtc says :-" The majority of the farmers are busy preparing land for what, "nany ploughing their holdings for the seccad "?na ; others are busy harvesting their coil. Potatoes are being planted laigely this seascn, and promise a profitable return, the crops loot mg remarkably well. Grass is in abundanie everywhere, and of course stock are consequenty becoming 'rolling fat.' Round Spring Creé district, as at Allora, the farmers are very buiy ploughing for wheat and harvesting maire. Tb yield of the latter crop is very good in man; instances, and everywhere the lucerne fields an heavily cropped, but the low prices these pro ducts realise is of course a serious matter afte the numerous bad seasons we have had." 