SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, As bearing out the opinions of my last letter on the above subject, and hoping to induce a study of Shakespeare among the native youth growing up around us, I take the liberty of sending you a few extracts from the writings of some of the greatest names in literature. The time chosen for this purpose may be considered as very appropriate seeing that the accomplished Mr. Creswick has just entered upon an engagement at the Theatre Royal, the object of which is to present, mainly the plays of Shakespeare. Here, then, is what Lord Jeffrey says on the subject: More full of wisdom and ridicule and sagacity than all the moralists and satirists in existence, Shakespeare is more wild, airy, and inventive, and more pathetic and fantastic than all the poets of all the regions and ages of the world and has all those elements so happily mixed up in him, and bears his high faculties so temperately, that the most severe reader cannot complain of him for want of strength or of reason, nor the most sensitive for want of ornament or ingenuity. Everything in him is in unmeasured abundance and unequalled perfec- tion, but everything is so balanced and kept in subordina- tion as not to jostle, or disturb, or take the place of one another. The most exquisite poetical conceptions, images, and descriptions are given with such brevity and introduced with such skill as merely to adorn without loading the sense they accompany. All his excellences, like those of nature herself, are thrown out together, and instead of interfering with support and recommend each other." Thomas Carlyle says : " Of this Shakespeare of ours, perhaps, the opinion one sometimes hears a little idolatrously expressed is, in fact, the right one. I think the best judgment, not of this country only, but of Europe at large, is slowly pointing to the conclusion that Shakespeare is the chief of all poets hitherto ; the greatest intellect who, in our world, has left record of himself in the way of literature. On the whole, I know not such a power of vision, faculty of thought, if we take all the characters of it, in any other man. _ Such a calmness of depth, placid joyous strength- i all things imaged in that great soul of his, so true and clear, as in a tranquil unfathomable sea." Hallam follows with this : " The name of Shakespeare is the greatest in our literature ; it is the greatest in all literature. No man ever came near to him in the creative powers of the mind ; no man had ever such strength at once and such variety of imagination." Sir Walter Scott says : " Nothing went before Shakespeare which in any respect was to fix a national drama and certainly no one will succeed him capable of establishing, by the authority of genius, an excellence so exalted. Other dramatists have studiously lowered themselves to the tastes and too often to the vices of their auditors, but it was the singular honour of Shakespeare, by enlarging their views and Trade- ating their understandings, to elevate his auditors to him- self!" Schlegel, the great German critic, says : " There never, perhaps, existed so comprehensive a talent for characterize- tion as that in Shakespeare. It not only grasps every diversity of rank, age and BOX, down to the lispings of infancy ; not only do the king and the beggar, the hero and the pickpocket, the sage and the idiot speak and act with equal truthfulness ; not only does he transport himself to distant ages and foreign nations, and portray with the greatest accuracy the spirit of the ancient Romans, of the French in the wars with the English, of the English themselves, during a great part of their history : this Prometheus forms not mean merely, but he opens the gates of the magical world of spirits, calls up the midnight ghost, exhibits before us the witches amidst their unhallowed lives, peoples the air with sportive fairies and sylphs, and those beings though existing only in the imagination, nevertheless possess such truth and consistency, that even with such misshapen abortions as Caliban he extorts the assenting conviction that were there such beings there would so conduct themselves." Thomas Campbell, the author of a " The Pleasures of Hope" speaking of the inimitable play of " Cymbeline," says-" It introduces us to a feast of the cheapest luxury. In the sleeping scene, when we gaze on the shut eyelids of Imogen, and that scene-how ineffably rich as well as modest-is followed by others that swell our interest to enchantment. Imogen shallows to the imagina- tion everything that loves her and that she loves in return and when she forgives Fosthumus, who may dare to refuse him pardon ? Then, in her friendship with her unconscious brothers of the mountain cave, what delicious touches of romance ! I think I exaggerate not, in saying, that Shakespeare has nowhere breathed more pleasurable feelings over the mind, as an antidote to tragic pain, than in Cymbeline." I can scarcely refrain from giving another short extract from Carlyle. " Whoever looks intelligently at this Shakespeare, may recognise that he too was a prophet, in his way ; of an insight analogous to the prophetic, though he took it up in another strain. Nature seemed to this man also divine ; unspeakable, deep as Tophet, high as heaven." "We are such stuff as dreams are, made of." That scroll in Westminster Abbey, which few read with understanding, is of the depth of any sever. But the man sang, did not preach, except musically. We called Dante the melodious priest of middle-age Catholicism. May we not call Shakespeare the still more melodious priest of a true Catholicism, the universal Church of the future and of all times. No narrow superstition, harsh asceticism, intolerance, fanatical fierceness, or perversion; a revelation, so far as it goes that such a thousandfold hidden beauty and d vileness dwells in all nature ; which let all men worship as they can ! We may say, without offence, that there rises a kind of universal psalm out of this Shakespeare too, not unfit to make itself heard among the still more sacred Psalms. Not in disharmony with these, if we understand them, but in unison !" Mr. Cowden Clarke says-" Shakespeare is the photographic transmission of the created world, animate and inanimate. The Quarterly Review says-" The mind of Shakespeare was as a magic mirror, in which all human natures, possible forms and combinations were present intuitively and in- herently; not conceived, but as co-natural portions of his own humanity." The Retrospective Review has this: " Shakespeare's works alone, leaving there science out of the question, contain more actual wisdom than the whole body of the world's literature." Lord Brougham has this comprehensive sentence: " Shakespeare, in his beauty and grandeur, and marvellous instructive power, is an exception to all rules." Mr. Knight says : " It is to Shakespeare that women owe more than to any other human authority the popular elevation of the feminine character by the most matchless delineation of its purity, its faith, its disinterestedness, its tenderness, its heroism, its union of intellect and sensi- bility The great poet, Alexander Pope, finely says: "The poetry of Shakespeare was inspiration indeed. ' He is not so much an imitator as an instrument of nature and it is not so just to say he speaks from her, as that she speaks through him." The Rev. Mr. Sherlock speaks thus : " There never was a poet who had such sublime beauties, so great a variety of beauties, or so great a number of beauties, as Shakespeare." Rankin says : "' The tendency of Shakespeare's works is universally of the highest moral character, and they abound with the highest possible wisdom, namely, Christian philosophy." The Rev. Thomas Price : " There is one thing of special observation in the morals of Shakespeare, which present his character in a very interesting light. I refer to the strong tincture they have of Divine truth, affording evidence of his mind having been deeply imbued with the pure morality of the Gospel The Rev. Dr. V. Knox : " The Bible, the Iliad and Shakespeare's works are allowed to be the sublimest books that the world can exhibit," and, to conclude, the celebrated Rev. Dr. Adam Clarke bravely says, " The man who has not read Shakespeare ought to have public prayers put up for him." The Earl of Beaconsfield, speaking at the dinner of the Royal Academy, says this " But we must remember that England is a great and undivided country, that has a vast and ancient history. I see no reason why the history of a country like the United Kingdom should not inspire the pencils of our admirable artists as well as the legends of a church or a religion. Take for example a single instance take the War of the Roses. The War of the Roses is to English history what the Siege of Troy was to the Grecian. The War of the Roses has been commemorated in this country by a foot greater even than Homer. (Cheers.) If you take the works of the greatest of poets, Shakespeare, from Richard I to Richard III. inclusive, you have the War of the Roses treated with a vigour, a variety of conduct, and a multiplicity of incident which the Iliad cannot equal, combined with a human interest which no ancient work ever yet arrived at. I wish to see some of our artists commemorate some of the noble historical pictures of Shakespeare a poet before whose marvellous genius all nations how I have taken the trouble to collect all those fine extracts in the hope of stimulating the study of Shakespeare among our rising youth, and if this purpose than any degree attained by the publication of this letter, I doubt not for one moment of the good result and I have the honour to remain, Sir- jrcmr» van sincerely, .. , , . DAVID BUCHANAN. July 2: 