A look at the",C)tier 1 feidei . .. I ?ni,.dfarSir)2'; r ?,'?',; i - Yours Veep'cotfulljr, ONE .OF..THE FEATKENITY. West Moitlana, 'Aug. C, 1879. (7i> the Editorrf the Singleton Argvt,}..,, Dkau tliej eopplejnent to jonr iBsue bf 25th June,..you.,have' pub^-, liehed, from the QUtqoyoWeekly SeraUj, ?Tcry lengthy acraunt'jot!two. entertain-, mtntj Riven by Mr.. Bishop,'' in Hbe Public Hall or' tjjat'; ' which, entertainments purport. .to- w W %: "|An exposure of Spitituali?rn." 'jThbe'oentQrr; iiinrocni? miiy liaye l>cen t nn,,expo?nre of ; tlio trices of Bomc.p'rofcfl?ionnl mcdiunis ; or i Tcry clever imitnlioii bf tho.genuinof fpirilunlis'.ic plichbmdh'e." that -ip Tciy different from .an , oxppsuro -of, epiritunTieni. However,! nm. not. .about; to expatiate upon Jir. J BJBhop|a]perform- anc?e, but oiilj fa the; tnbjoined letter for tho ~Bako' ?nJ lbnt your rcidere,^may .havo ail, opfortnnity of seeing wjirit','Bp.irituniiBm. is, and thereby\ discriminate .j between troth and falsehood, fact and fiction. ]f immortality'be n truth,'is it reason iblc to look for, : Visible and proof of it 7 And if Bpiritunjiem under lioe all religioiie, surely its' pheiibiuena, Tflicn rightly understood, ,must. proTo a Weening to tine ln'atoriali?lic.'pge. ? In tho report of one of llt. 'Bishop!b cnUrtoinmcnts in Edinburgh,- ho saye " tliis ghost business is oiio ol ; tho greatest humbugs the mediums attempt." In Glangow ho shid *f ifc/is'.'nli shern," ?nd " tlmt the Eo-callcd phenomena pro duced by tho mcOiume ncithor more nor less than 'cleTcrly', contrived tricks performed, ?by hunian ingenuity. ?lone." ..'''' ?;" '.'. ' ,".!;', : ;.:.? : 'Sow, Sir,' if, ilixo. Vtestirnony, of Dr.. \7ateon is worthy.,of..cfcdpncb,/I'think, that, aftcr'a careful perusal of iis lottor, your rentiers will comq to tho coriclneion that Mr. Bishop: .has only','Bucceeded in. deTcrlj.'iirjitaling. Borap-of v ihb' genuine, Bpiritualisiicphenorhena. .. !'"'.,,'. i ? " , ['I ho following letter ; is. copied from the Melbourne Harbinger qf.Ziffht',oi\d\ was republielied by, that journal from'on' American paper./'Tfify-Editor-'of tho Melbourne paper Bays',:' , .' DrV,/Watson". Iran lor many ycars/oW .of" the ln'ost' prominent leaders'/of /'theV "Wcslcyan Clinrcb in America,,'. President V of thp State Female College,' and editor of the Oliritlian Advocate—tXia church, orgim of the Methodiets.- Dr. .Watson was oho oi the earliest . investigators of Bpiritunliem, arid; although/intuitively believing in the niinistralion of .'ongbis, whom ho regarded.; os identical iWii.lv tpirite, he 'discredited/tho. modern mani feeUtiops, and his.firstexperiments wcro ?n endeavour to detect and expo?O it. Through tho medinmsTiip. of.,an unso phiPtlcnted , colored 'Bcivant .in .Ins employ, he was first, convinced that tli'o phenomena could not,be' explained' hy ?ny law of physics or mplephysics known to him. Thia led to .the 'formation of a l?rgo and .influential circle, 'which, in cluded in. its nieiiibcrs five',physicians, three ministers',, and' several influential uijinen, the loader; being tlio. head of the Episcopal Churcli'in .l'ennes?e, the oedium being a. . pious young lady member, of the Baptist. Cliurch.; : Very Mtoundirig.and iraprcsiivb rosa'lts wpro obUined in this .circle. . An interesting ?ccount is to be'found in. Dr..' " Clock Struck' One," .tho publicalioij, of which led .to his., severance 'from ..' ih'e VTc?l*yan Church, ? allhough"previous to this eTent he, ha'd-.announce'd .' his; b'clioi from the pulpit, ,'witiiout '? anj.[ actiyc interference 'with ..llio/biahop".; Ho.baa from the .first aiiscricil.'.'ancl ?maintnuiecl wio .identity, of , 'Bpiritualism I .."with , true (or primitive) Christianity.'; aiid in/.his life ia a noble cxarnplo'of what ho pro- Ics?ci."] ..... ??..;' s.. DH. WATSON V. DR. EDWARDS. Dear Brother,—l-havo just Been ah fdilorinl in tho North Western' Christian ?ddvocalc, published in your city, : Her. Artlinr Edwards, 1 chief editor. ; This ?rticlo hns the heading " Murdering. *aith." If "trnth" , hnd been irieerted m?c?d ot "faiih," it would; havo ?pproximatod nearer n proper heading.. -1 do not rememter to have aeon r grtweer pvrvereion of facte; combined wiili to much, eopliialry and Un- Mrnes, as this rererend editor has given r** K?deni, I propose to notice. soma points in this remarkable production; i I have to .totno' extent, r 'thonghndt-' wjth T that '?> spirit l he manifests, > entertaineoV similar opinions in-regard'to somo of the ?news ho expresses relative to spiritualism.' ?' His first paragraph ie a vein of ridicnle of-tho facts- attested by multiplied ?hou ?sands of Jiving witnesses in'our country, that- " spirit faces'"arid forme" appear, and that they -write 7 spirit messages ]on ' the insides of slato? screwed 'together." -'7 This editor is far behind the times. ? I had snppoe'od that there was scarcbly'an 'intelligent; poison '-who pays any atten tion 'to the events; of- the: day, who did not: acknowledge ' the ?'phenomena ' of 'Spiritualism, ??' These,' ? after admitting that there are tricksters and-'fraudulent : mediums;- ! -are ~ acknowledged,- and- jho | same reason assigned that the Jews gave for ' the" works 1 done by Jesus-!—ty the; ?Bovil.i But as 'our friend -is still in his 'swaddling??? clothes,'' I riiueti address ?myself to' him; ob ono of -the babce' at leant in regard to the Groat Truth ofthoj ? nineteentli'centuryj which has engirdled tho world with' its phenomena j and' as ?he'says,''" It will not'do to-eneeri at these deluded people, who number- rail-v lions 'in-this country."-'l' take-it for thatho/as n Methodist preacher,, ?believeeHho?iblo history, and holds the opimons'of tho ? of his church r 'an'd'of his'ehoico as worthy of respectful r consideration; I shall therefore 'notice 'his article from a Biblical Motliodislic Btnndpoint, as being -the ono' that would > bo most likely, to'reach his olnss. " That ?book (the Bible) begins and closes ? with . spirit manifestations. Its history;: from 'the men called angels, who vieited and dined' with Abraham j ? to the old prophet: called "an angel," who appeared to John on the Isle of Palmoe, and-made remarkable revelations in-the closing: book 'of-Revelations, is filled with,the phenomena of spiritualism.'' . ?: :'? ' 'I'asscrt, fearless of successful contra diction,'there'is scarcely n phaso of: 'modern' spiritualism from the Buhlimo; to tho ridiculous, that its countorp'nrt ie not ? to be" ; found in tho Bible. Under every' dispensation^men called angels appeared by night and" day, and hold ? converse with' mortals, ' Bomctimc? in; 'regard to-important "matters, at others, relative to' very insignificant things ; but all demonstrating tho ! fact that coiu munication"?'between the- natural and spiritual worldsi -was' open, and' that which"wn? typified by "Jacob's ladder," ?of'their' , first ascending" and thon ne scending, "was " illustrating the groat truth of spirit communion." ? : I need not stop to provo'.ihe identity of angels' and'men' from 'the Scriptures. This is ac clearly demonstrated' as any thing can bo by. Biblical' histor)'- I will," however, mention a few cases. The arigel thnt appeared several timee to Mnnoah's' wife, and conversed with her relative to the birtlr of Snmson, said W was a , man, when asked by her hus band'who ho was. Two of the Efango . lists-' call the persons whom tho women "saw at the ? sepulchre' " angels," The other two-call them " men," ono of them " a young;man clothed in a long white ?garment." Two men appeared ;, at his ascension—they arc'called angels;- rTho I. mnn"-who appeared to Cornelius, telling, himrtoeend-for Peter, is called " angel,", for ho was.a mossengcr on an important mi?sion, the..brooking do\yn Iho middle, wall of partition between the Jews arid ?the Gentiles, elibwing,that the. latter :Wero equally entitled to the. Gospel.. ?,'.; . The man of-Macedonia who to' Paul, at riighi. was an angel,..though hot bo called,., for through his 'agoiicy! tho .Gospel - was /preached on the-, continent of Europe by P.anl,'"who, at his request, went > over to' his native ,''country* and planted, the church (it Phjlippi, to.whom lie. wrote-an cpisUo"naw' r rccoguieod ns a port of thp, Bacrcd. scriptures. ~\Ye might mention Moses arid E|ia?,; who. . appeared to,;.and 'talked with" Jesus, , 'Peter, Janice, and John on'the Mount, with niony others, b'ji't wo must adllress oursolvcs to.t?ia qiicer documqnt oma-: hating as it doos from church authority,' .The first.phase of spirit.manifestations which.o''\ r . editor, .denies, is that, forma ? appear." .Ho bplieyes, , and I presprap tho; Biblical liiatory where; af> Ifhav.e shovn, forme.liave.appeared.uridercy'ery.. dispensation'of t'bo O(d .and ,'NoTr"Tceta r meut. Hβ believes qpcm the'?ohe-thon- , Hnndth part bf . thb evidehco that wo liave, that such tbirigs. as occur, now, did occur'thousands of years 'ago. "VVhat .< ever'phy ecological law that.will explain the'modern phenomena, a tics ted by mil-, iions'as ho admits in bur day, will sweep the last vestige of. tho appearance? snid to,have occurred in a dark age, .among V an ignoviuit and, supe'retitious people, 'witnossod by, comparatively a few and; 'recbrdod by we know not whom. O, consistency, thou nrt ; a jewel, very [ rarely found, among, the clergy when writing on (thissubject. Hoar our cleri calj?!3cpositor:Of the Advocate : "There ie not a singlo performance in any one of-" the cabinets or dark circles in Europe, , America, or England which lias pot boon or cannot bo duplicated and ex plained as hollow and cheating tricks." \- \Vas. there e.TCr co : reckless a sentence ..penned by , a minister of ,tho Gospel as this? Shame, where is thy blush 7 I hnvo epent Borao moritlie in Europo and England, but cannot,-say . what others may hare seen, bnt I can say I baro seen, handled, and talked to a matoria- Iraod form known as \ John Kin?,' in London, .while. I eat by and hold tho medium myself, and with a light.saf- Qcietit for his photograph to bo taken, which, I have had in my library for yoarf. ._„ ? 1 havo Been tho ennio individual in America at the Centennial, while the gentleman meJium wus confined in an iron cego, come out to mc, gUnding by mo for some time, talking freoly of our former meoting in London. Hie fea tures are'ae-strongly marked as any I ever saw, mid when onco seen an impro?siori on the memory that' time can ' scarcely >'? oraso. ?-' When.; we parted he squeezed my hand bo hard that it pained mc for several minutes. At' tho sahio lime Bishop Polk cameout'wilh his,eur plicc, looking about liko ho did on oarth life; when a Oonfede'rata. General. Whilo ho was ? commander of ?''this department , he occupied in thie- city tlio Bnmo bnilii— ing that I did. I know hiui.intimniely, andCrccoghlsed him .?ihsn I wo met; at Philadelphia. I "have been forovorton years investigating this phaso of spirit-: ualism with a number of mediums and in several States] under tho best conditions. .Often in tho day time, and under cir cntnttoncc? whore fraud was impossible, I can. unhesitatingly assort-, that j thcsi) manifestations , havo been of Buch a natuiq as will meat tho..most exacting demands of ecionce., ; ~; , ~ ~; '-??" I havo had many .matcrialization? in : iny, library, whero'thero was only a cur-" tain huugnp'in. the corner. fpr.n oabiriot, with a..brick/wall.on each sido, and nothing behind; it but. a -chair, the ' medium, having boon carefully- eoarched before taking her scat. In a fow nccouds after sho passed . behind tho -curtain, three forms dressed in white appearedin a good light. ? I have had tax many as fi.va coma out and; stand,with',their backs to Uio.wall; to liavp their height marked thereon, varying from 18 to 20 inches, and none of [them the height of the medium. . In: theso cases there was'no possibility of trap ,- do3rs :i or Eocrot 'en trances, as; below our library- is the' dining room, and no entrance is, possible only through a brick wall and the. enr ,tain iv ifront, which is. often raieod and tho medium seen apparently dead. . .1 hayo; had; my., spirit i wife hold the curtain up.and ;call us.to osaminp and sec that tho medium was ihoro nil in'the [daylight. ;j Shq haeishownihorselffjofteu' in the day- time,in tho presence.of scores of living witnessc?, has.. taken.a chair and: sat down by,-my,sido, talking ns of ? other dajrs. . I have oftuu eucn somo of niys'eiiildrcn ac . thoy -were.', when they passed.over.. In' a few .minutesi they.' wonld bocomo grown up to full maturity,' without boing out of sight during tho" itimo. I. havo taken their little hands'in mine, nnd bade. them act in my library OB they, did a few months before , in mortal life. ' ~ _ ! I have four times soon these mntcria lizntionsron a vacant lot, two andthree por?ons walking and. kneeling withtho' medium .several, times, whilo wo j'wero only a fow steps away. At one time fire fell from:, above . consuming tho gra?S' around for sovoral feet. This >vns pub lished in. tho JRelit/io Philosophical Journal, and written by Mr.: Peebles. Tho time ho was present, Ihoro were two . female forms there besides tho I medium, and a man in Confederate uni form ?; they witnessed the independent slatowriting in , sovernl , rooms in my house, where tho materialized -.- hand would bo extended and 6huko. hands .with nil present in sunlight. \- I-hnvo seen the double Blnto held by ' sceptics,' close ; together whilo writing; trntlifnl messages were written-lon both slntcs when thus confined together. On ono occasion a marked jcssnniino ' leaf anil a paper on, which ! questions werb taken out of tho. slato thiis, held and -oarriod o'vor, a.raiio to my yardj and the placo of deposit,told, -allv'qf; which . was found just as the Bpirit said, it.would be. Wo could notico other phases but hayo not time- or spare at present. - : ..: ; Wo have heard ,no" ; Bupernavural mueie," for wd ,do; not bolieve iv tho supernatural ; ;but wo hoya sung 'old Methodist Hymns with bpirits , often, and havo seen .them whilo singing with us. Tho happiest soasune wo havo ovor experienced havo been when we have realized tho declaration of Jqsus, that wo should sea tho angels descending in the latter day, Ihat was ..what wo referrod to a fow days before Moses and Elias appeared when ho Raid, " But.l tell you of a truth tlioro bo somn Htand ing hero which shall not tastd of death t:il they sep the ICingdom.of God come with. power." , Spirit manifestations constitute the basis upon'"which the wholb'fabric of Christianity has boon'built. Tako that away; from the-Bible and you dcetrpy ; its spirituality-—its .vitality. ?' Priinitivo Christianity, as taught by its Founder, and pure spiritualism aroidontical Theso manifestations constitnle the basic principlo of all religions, and upon them -they have roared their magnificont superstructures, controlling tl\o deetinic? of nations, kingdoms and empires, in pait ages. Nor is Methodism an exception to the universal rule; Tho church to which the reverend editor, belongs, -and-to -which I consecrated thirty six of the best years of my life, owes its existence to the Wesleys having been controlled by spirit influence. They wcro as much despised by tho Church of England as our editor affects to despise spiritualists* "yet they are now the most numerous and influential body of Protestant, Christians in tho world ; so spiritualism is destined at no distant day to be the religion of tho future, Well may our editor declare that it is capturing more human beings than any other " ism," and that the converts are as rapid 'now as they were twenty years ago. "The "reason "is" obvious. Tho church has not, nor can it meet the demands of the age. The age of faith is rapidly passing away. This age demands knowledge, such as the church cannot give, with its imposing parapher- nalia of religious ceremonies. This materialistic age demands demonstra- tions upon all matters capable of such proof. Spiritualism only can give such proofs of immortality as the longing aching hearts of the people require to satisfy them that there is another stato beyond the present that will fully justify the ways of God to man. If the editors of Methodist Church, papers, and preachers would read the works of those men who founded their Church, they would find , they were spiritualists, I cannot see how anyone can believe the Bible and be a spiritnulist. They are cbmpelled to acknowledge the phenomena of spiritualistn, and that is all thnt is necessary to constitute a spiritou'iUt. " It is a matter of astonishment that Methodist preachcrs who qioto in tho pulpit these authors as tho highest human authority can be so much opposed to their views in regard to spiritual manifestations. What I claim is, the Hev. John Wesley, tho founder of the Wesleyan Church, did fully believe that 'the spirits of persons who had lived hero had returned and identified themselves to their frieuds on earlh. If tho reader has any doubt on this subject he should read. "Tho Wesley family" by Dr. Adam Clark. He cannot question tho belief of those distinguished divines. Then let him read Mr. Wesley's Journal and he will soon ascertain what was Mr. Wesley's belief by the numerous cases he gives upon the " best human testimony." I will make an extract from' the London edition of his works, Tolumo IV., page 858. ' He says : : " I willingly take this opportunity of entering my solemn protest against this violent compliment which so many that believe the Bible pay to those who do not believe it. I owe them no such such service, I take knowledge that these are at the bottom of tho outcry which 'has been raised, and with such insolence spread throughout the nation, in direct opposition; , not only to the Bible,' but to tho suffrage of the wisest and best of men,in all ages and nation. They will know whether Christians know it not that tho giving up of these things, is in effect giving up the Bible. And they know that on tho other hand that if but one account of the intercourse of men with separate spirits be admitted, their whole castle in the air—Deism, Atheism, Materialism—falls to the ground.- I know no reason, therefore why we should suffer even this weapon to be wrenched out of our hands. Indeed, there are numerous arguments, besides, which ; abundantly confute their vain imaginations. But we need not be hooted out of one'; neithor reason nor religion requires this." - ; Mr. Wesley gives in his Jonrnalj an interview ho had with the Indiana when ho camo over to Georgia in July, 173 G. Ho says they told him : ; "We talk of them and to them at home and' abroad, in peace and in war, before and after wo fight, and indeed, whenever and wherever we meet together." ; Again ho snys :—" Meeting with a Frenchman, of New Orleans, on tho Mississippi, who lived sevcral months among the Chickasaws, he give us a full and particular account of many things which had been variously related. And hence he could not but remark, what is tho religion of nature, properly so called, or that which flows from natural reason unassisted by revelation ; and that even in those who have tho knowledge of many truths, and who converse with their beloved ones day and night." I copy from Wosloy's journal, pago 3G-1, what ho' stales' on the best huuinu testimony. ' ' .'" ?' ; "A little before Michaelmas day, 1743, my brother, who was a good young nia'tii went to sea. The day after Miehnolnins day, aboat midnight, I enw him stand at my bedside, surrounded with a glorious' light, and looking earnestly at mo. That night tho-ship in which ho sailed split on a rock, and all the crew woro drowned." "On tho 1 9th of April, 17G7,' about midnight, I was lying aweko and saw my brother John standing by my- bed side. Just hi the timoho died in Jamaioa" Mr. Wesley says, in a footnoto, : " So a spirit finds no difficulty in travelling 3 or 4000 miles in o moment." Page 800:— " On Friday, July 3rd, I was sitting at dinner, when I thought I heard some one coming along . tho passage. I looked about and saw my aunt, Margaret Scott, of Newcastle, standing at my back. On Saturday I havo a letter in forming inn that she died that day." I could give niony pages from Mr. Woeley, showing his belief in these things, bnt it is unnecessary. I think I have given sufficient to chow bis belief to be in harmony with similar cases, which havo ocenrrod in our midst published in " Clock Struck Oho." Tho manifestations', niado in tho Wosloy family, in England, commencing iv the. year 1746, contain many features de veloped iii modern times. Thcee 'coil-, tinued with somo members of tho .family for over thirty 'years.' I pur chased Iho ' ; Memoir of the Wesley Family," by Dr. Adam Clark, from tho Methodist book establishment iv Lon don, in which thero is a full of theso things given in del a)!, by a membor of. the family, .nnd endorsed by ,Dr, Adam Clark tho most critical: cornmpn . tator that over wrote. Hear what ho has to say on .this swbjeot, J, "I believe there is a. supernatural and spiritual world in which human spirits, both' good nnd bad, live in a state of consciousness." , 2\. "I believe there ie an invisible world, in which various orders of spirits not human livo and act." S, " I believe that any of these spirits Hiavj according to the order of God in. tholaws of tlu-ir plneo of rpsidbnce, Jm I, *? | intorconrso 'and become yisibld to mortale." [_'._ -, 800 liis commentary on Ist Samricl,'. 18th Chnpterl '.. .;?; This IB modern apiritnalisiu uofarastlio phenomena arc coticorncd. It embraces tho highest phaso of it. To sco our friends and cotivbrse with ilium fnco to, face, is now tho privilege of thonsnnds. Lot us notice what Richard Watson, tho most intolloctuul man the Methodist Church ever had, Bays upon this sub ject. In hie comvnpntary oh Samuel, ho eaye : "Tho real Samuel appended, and tho message littered is ci much in character and bo ijuuiifcs'..; tho spirit of-the divine commission, that containing, ?R it. docs, an explicit pre diction wllicli was exactly accomplished, wo must conclude (lot looso and scepti cal comniontatori" do what they please), that there was no decoptiou 1i0.r0..' Tho account not only shows tliat, tho Joivs believed in the doclrino of apparitions, but that in lact such an appearance vii this occasion did autunlly oeciu, ; which answers ull tho objections, which wero ever raised or can bo ruisi-d, "Irani thu philosophy of the case against the pos-, eibility of the appoarauce ?of dcpai'tod spirits." . ' Can this editor question tho bcliof of cither of these three founders ol the Methodist:; Cliurch rolativo to spirit communion 7 Truly does Mr, Wesley ? say : ' That tho giving up of those things in in eflVcL giving up tho Bible.' . " And now, iv conclusiou, I wish to say to this brother preacher thutl, too, was brought up, nflor the strictest Kecf, a:Methodist. Aly father was for about forty years n clusu leader iv that chnrcli. I dedicated uiy,younn,heart to her altar, consccrutcd my rarly life . nnd/ riponed manhood to hor service. Sho honored mo more than I dosprved, by giving mc olncial positions, and continuod them until I- voluntarily withdrew from hor communion. In other. , days I knew officiully and personally some, of, your predecessors ns. editors of your paper— one of them with my name. We held sweet communion together. I love their memory still, and expect to moot them in tho better-, land. I read > the works of Wesley, Watson, Clarke,,Beu son, ' Fletcher, and others, and from them found the truth of spirit commu nion, as thoy uudorstood it was taught in the Bible. ~ ;, What I onco roceivodby, faith I havo now: by knowledge, as inspiration ex presses it—r" faith is lost in eight." This has afforded mo.moro real happi ness than I havo found in ull that lever experienced during more than forty yeurs I claimed' n membership in the Ohu'rcli which was my fostor mother— Yot her my team shall fall, For her ; ray prayers descend j that she may know Uint Rpiritnnl Chris tianity and Chrislriun epirilualiem aro identical. 'Samuel Wathon. Memphia, April 1, 1878. ' ' []As n matter of fairness- wo give iti- BortioVi to this letter, a hoplilo criticism on Spiritualimh having been printed in our cdlutnns as Btatod , nbovo. ; Tho in tclligout render will put'his own valno on the arguments need, in ''support of wlint sceptical obsorvore regard ns. tho greatest delusion of modern times.- — Ku, :s. J..1 