The Storyteller. Hickman's Story. BY OLD PICK. IT is not much of a yarn that I have to spin, but it is the only story of my life —the only story I shall ever have to tell. I am no scholar, and could not so much as write my own name until I was a grown man; but perhaps, with the assistance of my old mate Pick and the gentleman on the Queenslander who puts the rough-hewn ideas of us bushmen into proper shape, we may manage among us to make what I hare to say of some interest to those who do not know how things were in the old times in these colonies. I was born in London, as I have been told, in a place which I have since been glad to learn has been swept away by the progress of the improve ment of the metropolis—the Rookery of St. Giles. I do not know who my father was, and I do not remember that I ever cared to know. As to the woman who called herself my mother, perhaps the less that is said about her the better. I have often thought that she could not really have been my mother, but must have adopted me through caprice, or for pay ment ; for there was no woman I came in contact with as a child but what was less unkind to me than she was. I must have been a tender-hearted little chap in those days, and a very small quantity of love would have gone a long way with me. I instinctively hungered and thirsted for it, but none of it came to my share. I know that when I went out into the parks, or the more respectable parts of the town, begging or trying to find on opportunity of stealing something, and saw mothers, fond, proud, and happy, caressing their children, and talking to them in sweet loving lan guage, my eyes would moisten, and a sort of yearning would come over me that I cannot properly describe. And yet I was then considered to be a hardened young villain. They could thrash me—they could cut me up into pieces if they liked—but they could not get a tear out of me. Those who know me now will scarcely believe that in my early childhood I was a gentle-spoken boy, small for my age, with black-brown curly hair and big dark eyes, which they used to say always gave out a piteous kind of look. For three or four years my so-called mother and some of her associates must have lived well on my natural gifts for begging, for under their directions I was very successful in obtain ing money, or articles convertible into money, from the charitable. I cau remem ber one cold rainy afternoon in Novem ber, when there were so few persons about from whom anything cduld be got by beg ging that although I Had been wandering about all day, wet to the skin and shiver* ing with cold, my Receipts amounted to only a couple of pence. The woman who had been sent out with me was virtuously indignant at the want of my usual success, and told me to go into a cheesemonger's shop, where no body seemed to be on the look out, and to "hook" something. I obeyed as a matter of course, and was just tucking under my pinafore a fine piece of bacon, when the cheesemonger himself, who had been hidden from view by a tall desk, sud denly pounced upon me. Having perhaps before experienced the troublesomeness of police-court prosecutions, he determined to take the 1 aw in his own hands and dragged me unresistingly by the collar to the other end of the shop where there was a piece of stout cord suitable for the punishment he intended to inflict upon me. I kept looking at him in the face—not in fear, for a severe beating was then an everyday occurrence with me, and my feelings had hardened so that I scarcely felt it—but only in curiosity to see what he would do next. He had doubled up the cord and was raising it to strike me, when he paused, and the expected blow did not come. " Don't look at me in that way, you young villain," said he, in as angry a tone as he could manage. And then, to himself, " Hang me if I can hit the boy." After staring at me for some time in a curious sort of way, he asked me what made me take to stealing. Thereupon I repeated the story they had taught mo to learn by heart, and told him with tears — real tears —in my eyes how my father had been for two months without work, and was in hospital with a broken arm; how my mother was lyiug in a sick bed, with a young baby that must die from the want of its natural nourishment; how I had left another little brother and sister crying from cold and hunger, and how I had gone out to b#g a few halfpence to buy food for them, but being unsuccessful had been tempted, for the first time in my life, to steal. When I had concluded the piteous story and began sobbing as if my little heart would break, that good simple cheesemonger, much affected, drew me to him and tried to comfort me. He gave me not only the piece of bacon which had been the cause of our first becoming ■ acquainted, bat also a small assortment of 1 the articles in his shop—indeed, as much as I could conveniently carry—in addition to which he sent his apprentice to the neigh* boring public-house for a bottle of wine (their fine old crusted port at two-and tour) for my sick mother, and promised to come round in the evening with his missis to the fictitious address I gave him, and see what could be done for us. When we took the plunder home, all I got for it was abuse for not having brought more. Most of the things were exchanged for gin, as could then be done in several places in the rookery. My share was a bit of dry bread, and I was dismissed to the old rags and rotten straw which constituted my bed. It answered their purpose to dress me in the well-patched but clean clothes of decent poverty; but they never allowed me more than enough to keep me from being so Iweak that I could not even walk, and I was so well watched that I seldom had the chance of eating any of the food that was given to me in charity. If I had not been pale and thin, my appearance would not hare worked so much on the feelings of the charitable. What a little liar I must have been in those days! of course you will say. Well, Ido not altogether admit that. Lying was my business then, and the only faint praise I ever got was when I did my work well. If at any time I was guilty of the vice of .telling the truth, I was severely punished; but to tell a lie is to say something that you know to be untrue, and in my most abominable fictions, even when I was obtaining goods under false pretences from that soft-hearted cheese monger, I fully believed, at the moment, what I was saying, When young children are playing together, they almost lalways act parts. They 'pretend' (or 'gammon,' as some young colonists say) to be what they are not; and it is surpris ing to see with what earnestness and .fidelity to truth they fulfil the characters 'they assume. When I was very young I was allowed no time to play with other children, and the power of imagination and the faculty of imitation, peculiar to my age, jhad no outlet except in performing my allotted part of being the mendicant but innocent child of poverty-stricken parents. It came natural to me, without any delibe rate intention to deceive, to shed tears in that period of the performance where they would be most effective; to tremble all over with excitement, where my part re quired it; and, as appropriate to the cha racter, to look up in tne face of the person I addressed with a piteous and appealing expression in my big dark eyes. But, I repeat, in all this I was as thoroughly in earnest as if I was a reality, and not a sham. That was the secret or my success. If I may bring into conjunction great things with those that are small and mean, I would remark that from what I have heard from others, and know from my own observation, the came principle seems to apply to every case where one person exer cises an influence over the minus of others. In the pulpit, on the platform, on the stage, and in the Press, no success can be at tained unless what is spoken or written is not thoroughly believed in, for the time at least, by the speaker or writer. It would do no good to go into all the wretched details of the life of one bred, if not born, to the career of a London thief. I would like to forget all that time, but I must make some allusion to it, in order that the rest of what I am about to say may be properly understood. As I grew older, I was driven out into the streets every morn ing to beg, or steal, or starve. I dared not re turn to what was my only home unless I brought with me the price or value of a cer tain quantity of gin. In a year or two more, however, I got too tall and strong to stand this sort of treatment. My so-called mother and I had a quarrel and then a fight, and I fear that I did not treat her much less savagely than she had many hundreds of times before treated me. Our positions were then changed, and when she had no money she would come begging and praying to me for the price of a quartern of gin, without which she could not live, and I always gave it to her, for by this time I had taken high degrees in the profession of larceny, and was generally in funds. Afterwards, when I was in gaol before being sent out, I heard that she was dead. In those days I was always fond of dress, and being strong and bounceable, and ready at any time to fight, I got at last to be called ' Flash Bill.' I was very proud of the name, and thought that I had arrived at the height of human am bition, and took airs upon myself accord ingly ; but my career did not last very long. After several short terms of imprisonment I got convicted, along with another, of highway robbery with violence —for the man would not take it easy, and got rather knocked about accordingly. In passing sentence the Judge expressed his regret that by the mistaken leniency of the Legis lature an Act had not long before come into force which prevented him from send ing me to the gallows, but said that he would inflict all the punishment in his power, which was transportation for life. I thought he had done pretty well under the circum stances, and told him so. Some years ago a clergyman to whom I told this earlier part of the history of my life—a very good man but one who, until he had arrived at middle age, knew scarcely anything of human life except from the glimpses he had caught of the world through the gates of the university where he was brought up—asked me if I was not sorry and ashamed of my career of crime as a boy. Sorry, of course I was and am! Sorry that I was not a member of the Sothschild family. Sorry that I was not born the eldest son of a Duke, and married to a royal princess. Still more sorry that I had not the intellect and the eduoation which, combined with energy and perse verance, can conquer everything. But most sorry of all Deoause when my eyes became opened to the difference between good and evil I found that domestic happi ness, which I am sure must be the greatest happiness in the world, was barred against me. I could not invite a pure and virtuous girl, and I would have none other, to the contamination of a union with such a one as me, brought up from my earliest recol lection in an atmosphere polluted with every vice and crime. And yet I have felt it to be hard, very hard indeed, when I have seen little children kneeling around their earliest and dearest home, their mother's lap, praying God to ' bless dear papa,' and to know that such a prayer would never be offered up for me. It was not my fault that the accident of birth, or whatever it was, made me from infancy an outcast of of society, and shut me out from such blessings. I am an old man now, and have got over all such regrets, and live in the hope that whatever goes wrong here will bo made up for hereafter; but I must admit that atone time I entertained wicked doubts as to the justice of Providence in this re spect. ' Ashamed ?' Well, it depends how you interpret the expression. I have known some weak-minded persons who have been ashamed because their hair did not happen to be of the color that was popular at the time. I have known others who appeared to think that because Nature had been un kind to them, and they had come into the world with some physical defect, they must therefore hide themselves in the background. But I think there is a wide distinction be tween being ashamed of what you have wil fully done wrong, and the sad knowledge that circumstances which you did not yourself create have made you different from other men and prevented you from associating with them on equal terms. In my young days morality was turned upside down in the world I then lived in, and virtue was vice and vice was virtue. I was brought up to believe that there was nothing so honorable as success ful crime, and when I was praised for an ingenious theft mv feeling was very much the same as the glow of honest pride that comes over a Sunday- school boy when receiving a reward for good conduct. I cannot take shame to myself for tho crimes I committed in those days. I was so utterly ignorant, and there was no one to tell me I was wrong, and that there was a better world to lire in than that to which I belonged. The people who used to attend the week of re ligious meetings at Exeter Hall were then devoting a great deal of time and money to the conversion of the Hindoos from pagan ism to infidelity, and to spreading the Gospel amongst the natives of the South Sea Islands, who, so far as I could learn, were a happy race of savages if they were only left alone, having plenty of fruits and vegetables that grew wild to live upon; whilst if they fancied a little animal food, by way of a change, they could eat one another. Those very good people to whom I refer did not seem to be aware that within a few hundred yards of Exeter Hall there were thousands of white savages who stood quite as much in need of in struction ana help as the more picturesque black ones at the other end of the world. There were streets upon streets where even policemen did not care to venture unless two or more went together—dirty unwhole some streets, crammed with a fetid popu lation, where every house, and every room in each house, was full of slouching men, who had no honest way of getting a living; of bold- faced evil-spoken women, and children who were foul-mouthed and know ing of everything that was wicked from the time they left the mother's breast. Streets where no one ever penetrated on a mission of Christian love and charity. These savages, unfortunately for them selves, were so near Exeter Hall that they were quite overlooked ; besides which they were squalid and repulsive. There was nothing about them to interest persons of delicate and refined feelings. Had they lived thousands of miles away, amongst groves of palms, and surrounded by wild tropical scenery, they would not have been so ne glectea. All that eloquence and business talent and money could effect would have been devoted to improving their condition But they formed only a portion of the vulgar commonplace pauper or criminal population of England, and as such were quite unworthy of the notice of any genteel person who was a Christian by profession. The period of which I speak was half-a century ago, or thereabouts. Charity did not then Degin at home, nor even next door, but a good many streets away, in a distant parish. It is, of course, quite different now in these days of railroads and telegraphs, when the "march of intellect" —to use the favorite expression of Radical orators in my early days—has brought society so very much, in advance of what it was before. For many years I have lived on the goldfields a long way from the large towns, and must admit that I have taken but slight interest in what are called public questions. There appears to be a continual struggle between sets of rival politicians as to which shall obtain office and power. It will show how little I know of politics when I confess that I never cared which side won. It has seemed to me that, let whatever party which had the upper hand do their worst, they could not stop the progress of Queens land. The colony is like our young corn stalk natives. You might fasten a couple of half-hundredweights on their heads, but you could not prevent them from growing. Little as I know of public matters, and notwithstanding that I have been away from the metropolis for I do not know how many years, I am sure that the progress of the age has been quite sufficient to prevent even the earliest beginning being made of the establishment or a pauper and criminal class in Brisbane. lam thoroughly cer tain that the good people of that city find that the proper field for their philanthropy is the one in which God has placed them ; that their best endeavors, and what money they can spare for the cause of Christian charity, are devoted to helping the poor and reclaiming the erring who are near them, instead of keeping all their sym pathies for unsavory savages for whose welfare they are in no degree morally responsible. This must be the case, for we all know that people are much more just, and wiser, and more enlightened generally than they were forty or fifty years ago. During the voyage to Botany Bay, which we convicts all understood to be the place whero we were to be sent, I began to find out that when a man arrives at a high posi tion in the world he must make many sacrifices to maintain his standing. Having been dignified with the name of Flash Bill, I felt that I had a character to keep up; but my flashness had the unpleasant effect of putting me in irons at frequent intervals during the time I was on board ship, and of reducing my diet to hard biscuits and cold water. I had even greater adversities to encounter when I got to the barracks at Sydney. An officer was there called the flagellator, although that was only a sub ordinate title, his proper official rank being that of the common hangman; and he earned his pay well in those days. I was handed over to his tender mercies several times. He told the superintendent that he would take the flashness out of me, aud it is only justice to admit that he tried his best to do so. A friendly soldier of the guard that was over us on board ship gave me a bullet he had flattened out, and when I had that clenched between my teeth no pain could make me show any sign of suffering. The flagellator considered that he did not do his duty to his superiors unless he made bis victims roar for mercy, and grew furious at my obstinate and silent endurance of the punishment. But he might have cut all the flesh off my back (and he made a very fair attempt at it one day) without a murmur passing my lips. You see, it cost mo some thing to maintain my character for flash ness. Let me here say a word or two on the subject of the punishment of criminals, and I promise I will then finish my yarn straight off, without wandering off tne track any more. A great deal has been written on tho subject by amiable gentlemen, who can build up theories and work out social problems in the comfortable seclusion of flic library or study; but the argument has been all on one side, and I am not aware that the opinion of those for whom such punishments are intended has ever been invited. Ido not now belong to that class, but a long experience justifies me in acting as its representative. Wo all think that there are some men who are fit for nothing but to be put to death. They are God's creatures certainly, but so are snakes and the man-eating tigers they have in the East Indies. Nothing con reform them; nothing change them from the wild beasts that they are. It is beyond doubt that capital punishment only could have crushed out bushranging in New South Wales, and prevented it from extending farther in Australia. We have all got to die some time or other, and when a man is neither of use nor ornament in the world (even if he does not belong to the dangerous classes) it is not of very much consequence, either to himself or anyone else, whether he leaves tho world this year, or next year, or a score of years hence. But it is different with the punishment of flogging. It used to be in flicted for a mere trifling act of insubordi nation, but it left indelible marks behind it. It was not merely the punishment of a few minutes, but the punishment of a whole lifetime. Take my own case for instance : —When 1 was in the Sydney Barracks, the only offence I ever committed was ' giving cheek' to some of the petty officers, and for this I never had less than two dozen lashes, every one of which left a brand that I shall carry with me to the grave. A few kind words—any sort of remonstrance that ad dressed me as a human being—would have brought me under quiet discipline, but they knew of no other system than that of hard repression in those old convict times. I have already given one reason why I have never married, although I know I should have been happy in domestic life, and fancy that I should have been a kind and considerate husband. That reason might have been got over, but there is another one that is insurmountable. It would be impossible to conceal from a wife those white streaks that cover my back from the neck to the waist. If I had to tell her that, after having been trans ported as a footpad, I had been scourged like a dog, again, and again, and again, by a hangman—how could I expect her to love, honor, and obey me? There are some crimes, more especially those in which the sufferers are women and children, where the lash ought to be used without mercy; but for less serious offences it is not just to brand a human being with an indelible mark of infamy. I was never flogged for anything worse than tho mere impudence of a boy (for I was nothing more), and I have to carry with me for my whole life a record of punishment which it would bo difficult to persuade people now had not been inflicted for some disgraceful crime. There was some sort of system —I forget now exactly what it was —by which prisoners of the Crown were assigned as servants to the settlers or squatters. But, as ' kissing goes by favor,' so it was that some influential people were allowed to have the pick of tho men or women who were waiting, like so many slaves, for a master. I had not been long enough in the barracks for my turn to be sent out when on one memorable evening the superin tendent came around, accompanied by a brisk, elderly, dark-eyed, and red-faced little gentleman, who was Mr. Tyrell, a squatter, of Liverpool Plains, and related to tho Governor-General of that day. We were at supper, and had to stand to ' attention,' the same as if we were soldiers. When the little gentleman came opposite me he stopped, and, looking into me as if each of his eyes was a gimlet, said, in a quick decisive way—' I'll take that young fellow. That will make the four.' The superintendent said something in a low tone which I could not catch. ' All the better,' replied Mr. Tyrrell, with a short quick laugh; ' those wild colts are tho easiest broken in. I shall be away taking up new country at the back of Moreton Bay—a place they call Darling Downs —but my wife is in charge when I am not at home, and there have never been any of them but what she was able to tame.' And then they went away. After I had got over my first surprise, I was highly amused at tho idea of a female taming me, when so many men had failed in tryiug to do it; and at night I had to put up with much chaff from my room mates, who drew all sorts of pictures, more or less offensive to myself, of the way I would be treated by the supposititious psalm- staging old woman -who was going to take me in hand and bring my nose to the grind- stone. I am sure that there was never any time in my life when I so thoroughly enjoyed myself as during that period of careless happiness while travelling from Sydney to Liverpool Plains along with three other " Government men" (as we then used to be delicately termed) who had also been as signed to Mr. Tyrrell. We were under the charge of a bullock-driver who went by the name of' Red Peter.' I can remember on one occasion afterwards when he was suddenly asked what his surname was he had to stop and consider —for he was not aware of the patronymic, if any, to which he was legitimately entitled, and adopted from time to time any one that sounded well or otherwise took his fancy. Peter was a man of some consequence on the station where we were going to, for he had ' served his time' there, and was thoroughly trusted by his employer. He had taken a load of wool down to Sydney and was returning with rations —which consisted in those days of sour "Valparaiso flour; of sugar very much darker and containing more dirt than anything of the kind the present rising generation have ever seen; and of a curious description of tea that went by the name of ' posts and rails,' on account of the stems or stalks being more numerous than the leaves, and showing themselves thickly on the surface of the water in the ' billy ' in which the infusion or decoction was made. I was very young then, and everything I saw in my journey was new and strange. Brought up as I had been in the worst ventilated, worst drained, and foggiest part of foggy London, it was like heaven to me to breathe the pure exhilarating atmosphere of the finest climate in the world—that of Australia —in the winter. In the close confined towns there is nothing that irritates one more than sleeplessness at night; but here it was a luxury to lie awake under the trees, and look up at the dark-blue sky, studded with stars; to watch the slow-revolving Southern Cross; and to see those cold, quiet, brightly shining planets set one by one, leaving the eastern firmament in the darkness of the hour before dawn. There had never before been air so pure and fresh; never before nor since wnen merely living and breathing was joy and happiness. Peter was a teamster of the old school, who exercised his lungs a great deal more than was absolutely necessary, and made himself hoarse in using language unfit for publication to his bullocks. But I noticed that when he got near the station he made a much more moderate use of expletives, and on the last day dropped them altogether. He also took particular care in shaving himself, and put on, in addi tion to a pair of moleskins of dazzling whiteness, a bran new Scotch twill shirt that no mortal eye had ever beheld, except in the shop where it was purchased, or the factory where it was made. When we arrived at the home station he introduced us, one after the other, to Mrs. Tyrrell, as gravely and respectfully as I suppose a gentleman usher serving a queen would have done. I was the last of the four to go in. Whilst I waited, I was trying to prepare myself for any possible contingency that might arise, lest I should miss an opportunity of showing my independence, and maintaining the reputation of one upon whom popular judgment had conferred the honorable title of Flash Bill. My dear, dear mistress !—how can any poor words of mine describe you as you were that first time I saw you r She is up among the angels in heaven now, yet still I can see her just as she was then. She was seated at a table, with books of ac count and papers before her, and her little daughter sitting demurely by her side, sewing, or engaged in some such feminine work —a woman who, I was afterwards sur prised to observe, was under the medium height of women, and with the appearance of delicate health. She had large wonder ful gray eyes, that looked through you; and, although their expression was one of only kindness and pity, and I had thought that I had braced myself up to be inde pendent and ' cheeky to any extent, my eves fell before hers. I felt, to my shame, that for the first time my flashneas had failed me. 'My poor boy,' she said, ' you are very young to have nad such a severe sentence passed upon you. I am glad to see from my husband's letter that you have erred only because you were not taught better. If you will allow me, I will try and teach you how to be a happier man than you could ever have become in your old life.' My independence and cheekiness were gradually, but certainly, slipping down into my boots. I had no answer ready, but stammered out something about being much obliged to her. ' You do not know,' continued she, those resistless gray eyes of hers lighting up with animation, ' what an opening there is for honorable ambition in this country. Hun dreds who have been sent out like you are now wealthy and respectable colonists. Forget tho past and begin a new life, and what you did when you knew not what was good and what was ovil will, I am sure, not ro against you either here or hereafter. There was One, who said, while in the agonies of a slow and torturing death— 11 Forgive them, Father, for they know not what they do;" and you, who have been reared in ignorance and crime, need not despair of forgiveness from the mercy seat. But I suppose you know all about that P' By this time the last tinge of flashness was fading out of me, and I replied, in humbler tones than I had ever used since I was a child begging in the streets, that I had not heard of the party to whom, she referred (which was the truth), but that I would like to learn. A visitor was then announced, and I had to leave. When I went outside I was like a man dazed; everything had turned out so dif ferent from what I had expected it would have been. Peter showed me the way to the Government men's hut, but before I got there I stopped, thinking. How was it that this woman, who had full control over my liberty; who was not bound to treat me better than some ill-conditioned dog; who could have sent me with a note to the nearest police station, which would have been equivalent to an order to receive three dozen lashes ; how was it that she wasted her time in speaking to me im that way P What object had she to gain by it P Since the days when I was very young, and the business of my life was deceiving the charitable, I do not think that I ever had one kindly word given to me. Society and law treated me as a wild beast, and a wild beast I became. It seemed quite incom prehensible that this gentle soft-spoken woman, evidently equal as a lady to the highest in the land, should take such an interest in such a ono as me. Whilst I was thus endeavoring to collect my thoughts, the cook of the Government men's hut, a big red-headed North of Ireland man, came to the door and, ad dressing me as a sanguinary new chum, shouted out that if I did not come to my supper at once he would be somethinged if I should have anything to eat before breakfast next morning. If twenty-four hours before he had made the remarks he did, they might have led to an unpleasant ness; but I walked into the hut quite meekly—'Flash Bill no longer. But I am lingering too long over this part of my story, and will run over the events of the next few years as briefly as possible. We stopped at the head station tor some time, ana my mistress gave up much of her time and spared no trouble to instruct such of us as were willing to learn. It is dreadfully up-hill work for a full- grown man to begin his education from the A B C—to go to school as a child, without the child's aptitude for learning. But by degrees I got on. After going through all the grades of service on a large sheep run, at last I arrived at the position of storekeeper and head-station overseer. As a boy I must have been good-looking, judging from what I remember people said of me; but now I am grown into a hard-featured man, with my hair pre maturely gray, and many wrinkles on my face. lam not liked by those of my own class, because I am what they call a "master's man" —which, in the days of conviotism, was considered something quite disgraceful. lam not generally popular, because I take life so seriously. Mr. Tyr rell says that I am ' rough but faithful, but have no idea of humor.' Perhaps so. He was the most restless man I ever knew, always on the move and always* laughing at everything. But I rather think that it it had not been for bis wife and others (perhaps myself included) he would not have found that there was so much to laugh at in life, and would not have pros pered as he did. It was a wonder to me why my mistress thought so much of him —almost worshipped him in fact; but I did not ever dare to say as much. I believe I was a greater favorite of hers than any one else in the employment; but I had sense or instinct enough to know that, if I had remotely hinted that the angel Gabriel was in one or two of the minor points of his character somewhat superior to her hus band, my error would have been treated as an unpardonable sin, and I should have been an outcast from her favor then and thenceforward. I think I liked my mistress all the better for the blind and unwavering love she had for her husband. There is nothing that becomes a man more than manliness: nothing more attractive in a woman than being womanly. And what in a man would be weakness gives strength to the influence of a woman and makes her more loveable. Women are different from men in one respect —fortunately for our sex. With moat of them a kiss and a kind word, now and then, will blind them to every fault or failing of a hus band. I speak as an outsider, and as one who, from naving had no personal experi ence on the subject, has hardly a right to speak except with diffidence; yet I cannot help thinking that when kind words can be as easily expressed as un gracious or harsh language, and kisses are so much more pleasant to give and receive than blows, it seems strange that so many cases should como under the observation of all of us of unhappiness in married life. During these years the daughter of my mistress, Miss Nellie, had grown up to be almost a woman. As she was an only child, of course such parents did every thing, unknowingly, to Bpoil her. The mother, who was full of love for every body and everything, seemed as if she could never show love enough for her daughter; and her father was proud of herbecause she was so like him and was bo high-spirited and clever. As for me, she took a hold on me from the very first, and ruled over me like a little tyrant as she was —as all womenkind do when they get unlimited power in their hands. If she had told me to lie down in the mud and let her jump upon me, I should have done so as a matter of course. But lam no longer a prisoner of the Crown and an assigned servant, for Mr. Tyrrell has got me a conditional pardon, and I am in the receipt of good wages. We have left the station on Liverpool Plains and formed another one on Darling Downs. Some other time I may tell you of the privations and even dangers people had to encounter when travelling in those days, and what a change settlement has made in the appearance of the country. _ I have been too long-winded in the begin ning, and must hurry on to the end of my story. We had not been many months settled on the new station when I noticed that a great ohange came over my mistress. She became sad and thought ful, and no longer had the same old pleasant smile for me. I worried myself greatly in trying to think how I had offended her, for my love for her was the great feeling of my life. When I was young, and before I was sent out here, I never heard any allusion made to love, except as the animal instinct that we share with the beasts that perish. I had no op portunity of even guessing at what any other love could be. Even now, I have no right to speak on the subject generally, for my experience is notpersonal, but has been derived from what I have observed and read. For all that, however, I will still Bay that if you take the love of sweethearts, and married love, which is stronger and more enduring, and parental and filial love, and the love that great leadors of men whose intellect is genial as well as com manding always inspire—if you were to boil all those loves down into one, it would not be stronger than the love I felt for my mistress ; not purer nor more unselfish. It was not long before I found out what was the matter. For several days I had not seen her, for I was told that she was unwell. At last she sent for me. She was lying on the sofa, sadly altered in appear ance ; hollow-cheeked and hollow-eyed* and evidently very ill. She gave a faint smile of welcome when.l entered; but it was only the ghost of one of her old smiles. ' I have asked you to come here, William, because I have a favor to request—one that I could not ask except from an old and dear friend.' No; there is not a word of a lie in what lam telling you. She did not address me Flash Bill, the London thief • she did not call me the convict who had been assigned to her service like any other slave; she called me her 'old and dear friend!' My mistress continued: 'I fear that I shall not be here much longer. I think I have heard it said that we can see the world most clearly just before it begins to fade away from us. It must be so, for I can now see as I could never see before now ill I have performed my duties. Most of all does it come sharply home to me that I hare been a very neglectful mother to my daughter. I am afraid that I was wrong in thinking that love alone could have the effect of training and discipline on a child. My dear husband has so much to think of; he is working so hard for us, that it would be unreasonable to expect that he would devote much care to forming the character of a young girl. Don't you think so P' And she looked up anxiously at me, as if she thought I was going to dispute her assertion. If she thought so, she was quite mis taken, for I made an answer that seemed to give her satisfaction. Since I have known the difference between good and evil, I have made it a rule to speak the truth whatever the consequences might be. At all events, I have never said what was untrue in order to benefit myself. But, unfortunately, occasions do sometimes arise in a man's life when it would be brutal not to tell a lie. My mistress went on to say:—'l have no mother, no sisters, and there are no ladies yet in our neighborhood in this new country to look after and advise my daugh ter. I have no one but you to ask to do your best to protect her from harm. You will not leave her, but will remain faithful to her as you have always been to us P' I did not tell her that I would be faith ful unto death, for we both knew that I would be so; but I expressed the surprise I felt that she should talk of dying when there was nothing seriously the matter with her, and when the pleasant bracing climate of the Darling Downs winter was just com ing on. ' I cannot explain to you my reasons for talking so,' said she, with another sad smile, ' nor would yon understand them if I did. It will not be long before you will know all that I mean.' It was only three days afterwards when I did know all that she meant; when my dear mistress was put into her coffin with her baby, which was born and died within the same hour, clasped in her arms. Bit terly did I know it when I was helping to carry her to the grave. [TO BE OOMTIMUXD.] 