BAPTIST UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. The annual session of the above Union was commenced in the Bathurst-street Baptist Church, on Tuesday, September 2, at 75s p.m. The Rev. P. H. Cornford preached, and a united Communion service was celebrated at the close. On Wednesday morning the ministers and delegates assembled for prayer, from 9.30 till 10.30 a.m., after which the retiring chairman, Rev. P. H. Cornford, in a few appropriate words introduced his successor, the Rev. A. Burdett. Thanks were awarded to the retiring officers and were duly acknowledged by the Rev. P. H. Cornford for himself and colleagues. An application was made by Mr. Morgan, on behalf of the Baptist Church at Tighshill, to be admitted into the Union, which wascomolt'ed with, on the nomination of the Rev. W. Taylor, seconded by the Rev. P. H. Cornford. Twelve personal members were received on the motion of Mr. S. Llewellyn. The election of the officers of the Union was proceeded with the Rev. W. Taylor, being nominated chairman for 1880-1 ; Rev. F. Hibbard was re-elected hon. secretary; Rev. A. Burdett, hon. treasurer. The following gentlemen were appointed an executive committee with the ministers of the churches Messrs. R. Taylor. J. Wells, J. Overton, i J. White. R. Bubb, T. Craven. W. H. Newman, A. T. Ru«, T. Hawkins, J. Selwin, S. Barton. J. Palmer, J. H. I Knibbs, T. Pepper. J. J. Stone, G. D. Brown, and J. Old I vim. The Rev. F. Hibberd was appointed preacher for 1,1880. 2 The affairs of the Baptist Evangelistic Society called forth an animated discussion, resulting in the following resolution, which was carried unanimously "That this meeting considers it pre-eminently necessary that the Rev. F. Hibberd should accept the office of travelling secretary to this Union, and in such case will useitsutmost endeavours to sustain him in so important work.'' The subject of evangelistic efforts in the suburb. 3 was introduced,. and, after being freely discussed, resulted in the appointment of a sub-committee to prepare a plan which should be submitted during the session. The reports of associated churches were read-, and told of cheering progress in connection with nearly all of them. The Armidale and Gunnedah districts were considered with reference to the establishment of Baptist interests there, and the following resolution decided the question for the present-" That this Union rejoices in the success which has attended the labours of our evangelist. Mr. Llewellyn, in the New England district, but having under consideration the appointment of a travelling secretary, the question of founding a cause there be referred to the executive committee, with instructions that they take it in hand at the earliest, opportunity. The Revs. F. Hibberd and P. H. Cornford were appointed to resume their labours in the book department, and thanked for past services. The editorial and financial reports of the .' Banner of Tanita " were rendered, and showed that the circulation had increased, but the financial position was capable of improvement. It was decided that a canvasser should be employed to secure advertisements. Thanks were accorded to the editorial staff, and they were re-appointed to fill their offices, the name of the Rev. W Taylor added, and Rev. R). Fenwick substituted for Rev. P. H. Cornford. Mr. T. Pepper was thanked for his services as financial secretary, and requested to withdraw his resignation and continue in the financial department for the present year. The half-yearly meetings of the Union were appointed to be held at Parramatta in response to an invitation from, the friends there, and it was resolved that the proceeds shall be devoted to liquidate the debt on Parramatta church. The SECRETARY submitted a land fund scheme which had been prepared by a sub- committee, and was held over for future consideration by the executive committee. The report of the sub- committee appointed to visit Leichardt was at this stage submitted, and was followed by a spirited discussion, which issued in the passing of the following resolutions :-"That this Union recommend that the money resulting from the sale of the Glebe Island Church property shall be devoted to the Leichardt Mission, with the understanding that the property be vested in trustees, who may he appointed by the Union to hold its properties in trust." " That the Rev. D. Fenwick be empowered to sell a portion Of the land at Leichhardt to Mr. George Bulley and that the money proceeding therefrom be devoted to the erection of a Baptist church' " That Messrs. J. White, T. Hawkins, A. T. Rees, J. Palmer, and G. Bulley be a sub-committee to assist in the building of the church." The Soir TARY read a statement of receipts and OT. meditate on Denominational literature, which was assented to. The constitution of the Union was amended in several particulars:, and it was resolved that the constitution, as amended, be published in the Banner of Truth." The Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund was again considered, and the subjoined resolution passed,-" That the Union recommends our ministers and evangelists to contribute towards this fund." It having transpired that the second emendation, of which due notice was given at the last annual session, had been lost through informal voting, the CIIAIIUIAV made a declaration to that effect, whereupon the Rev. D. FrN wicK gave notice that he intended to propose the emendation referred to at the next annual session. The evangelistic work at Lawrence and Casino having been introduced, it was decided to await the arrival of Mr. T. H. Tarawera and the Rev. W. Coller, before deciding what steps to take, and it was resolved that the Revs. A. Burdon. P. H. Cornford, W. Taylor, D. Fenwick, and F. Hibberd be appointed a sub-committee. to confer with Mr. T. H. Jaggers and Rev. W. Coller respecting their work, and to arrange for future operations. The following resolution was also carried : " That the following gentlemen be appointed trustees for all land and church properties belonging to the Baptist Union of New South Wales, viz., Messrs. R. Taylor, J. White, T. Pepper, T. Hawkins, J. Palmer, and A. T. Rees." ANNUAL REPORT. In presenting their report of this year's proceedings, your committee are reminded of the ' diversities of administrations' by which God communicates His blessings to the Church. In some respects this year's report comes behind that which it was their privilege to render at our last annual session ; but in others it possesses greater interest. Some of our churches which contributed greatly to the aggregate results which then cheered us have taken the lead in progress this year also, while others, which reported, little apparent success, have reaped more abundant fruits. Doubtless there is a time to sow and a time to reap, and the ordering of their seasons £3 regulated by the only wise God and our Saviour.' " The statistical returns show that the general progress of the associated churches is greater than it has been in any previous years. These results are far from satisfactory, and are only referred to in passing to stimulate greater exertion. They are partly due to the systematic effort which has been made in several of our churches, and partly to the maturing of a work for which preparation has been made in the past. We dare not rest in such results while myriads are living without saving faith in our Redeemer; nor are we justified in estimating them slightly. since they assure us of the blessing of that God who gives the increase. " Our ministerial strength has been recruited by the advent of the Rev. H. Phillips, formerly of West Melbourne, under whose pastorate the church at Bathurst has greatly revived and increased, and whose prospects are brighter than its results ; likewise by the coming of the Rev. Isaac Williams, who has laboured for some months past with very paris factory results, and succeeded in rousing the' Lambton church to duty and diligence. The church at Bourke street has been deprived of its pastor, who in resigning severed a connection extending over eight years and a half. May the Great Shepherd send them another pastor after His heart, and strengthen his hands for the arduous service needed in that difficult field. "Among the evidences of material prosperity may be mentioned the erection of a place of worship of Lawrence, whom our good brother, Mr. T. H. Jaggers, has laboured with so much diligence and SUCCESS during the past year; and the enlargement of the church at Parramatta, which was rendered necessary by the growing congregation. Other churches are making timely endeavours to liquidate their debts, and soon we 'hope our principal church properties will be entirely free. The " Banner of Truth" is supported by a con plants growing constituency. Its friends are more name remand devoted, and its field much larger We trust that more ample support will be given to it so that its funds may be able to gradually improve it and make it a woitliY enntempotfin of the best periodicals of the day it is claims not only on account of the service it a renders to our denomination hut-for its contributions to this the progress and triumph of the gospel of the ever blessed God ' Onreianrrolistshavcpuisucd then sacred as cations with dauntless cour the untiring: energy and noble S"lf-sapiinro 1'iopaiticulais of their labours will form the material for a son of ale report The Union has every re ism to he gra useful to God that the condition, of the Tvnn dist Society have e induced so large lv to the ev ini*eli?ftiion of this fee colony and have resulted in blessing; to many who are" not reached by the ordinary ministrations of the Church ' BY iMiPcrl additional labourers to o" Ivy th1 posite um oppi d ton i v tliclibuiiis a" to st, and nuçiiiPiifcl rejoin 5s to nice our crow me lab 3? Tins Y on one Parry. the ii mt of which has been inner; It has 1 "til 01 Pirani class , the ladies' auxiliary Your mind to feel that far for the promptitude with which our fur sister despatch to the respite t to 01 arise themselves into a so much for the outpost of prev ding a regular in once for our evangelistic enter an serial for the spirited acting as they had iii had" no idea t i n able us to penetrate into the appoints become Judging from the results vUiub. line of allotted the endeavour-. of devoted women in Am nea and allied countries this is a step in the right direction for besides finding r mploMiipnt f M i fat toilet lines is inch ones in it they all say task, to too r who by nature and STEP Me that I to die n HOME with efficiency in the odour of tin-, soon as any fill the house of God stimuli uni ship and its influences is in among the weary 1 labourers after a t will be found in Isolate 1 line of on extensive rains Rpqup are of us an 1 busy all dinner and may He who 1 n is how to % due the same POLI trained by him the love lenard the endeavour-, of every member of this infant son etc DV HI recognition of then is the best and pine t md notices of nature can possibly reach and fill every heart with so by attending- Ils commendation She hath done what she could " "Death has removed some of our aged members, amongst whom we may mention Mr. Thomas Jones, one of the pioneers of our Denomination and a devoted friend of our Union. Such events call upon us loudly to improve the day while it lasts. They remind us of our mortality, and so impress upon us the supreme importance of doing what our hands find to do with all our might, since there is neither work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave whither we go. But the grand inspiring motive of all acceptable service is the love of Christ which passeth knowledge. And the proper apprehension of that love will be promoted by daily fellowship with Him. Thus shall we become assimilate! to Him in beauty of character, in tenderness of disposition, in fervour of spirit, in consecra- tion of heart, in long-suffering: and forbearance, in unfail- ing love, and in high-principled toil and thus impelled by His love, mightier far than Strength of nerve and sinew',' are shall be fitted wondrously to preach the Gospel of the 1 Kingdom, which is righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' " 