LONDON GOSSIP. London, January 17. sroiiiicB just sow are at a discount, Tso Afghan war is tinmarbed by any really stirring incidents; and even Mr. Archibald Forbes has h?d to fall back upon camel races and life at the camp generally for materials for his correspon dence. Afghanistan, politically considered, has proved itself to he a veritable house of cuds. The Indian Government fondly hoped that in Yakub Khan they conld find a pliant tool. Lord Lytton and bis advisers have too readily assumed that the young warrior woald consent to sit on the throne ss the vassal of the Indian Government, whereas thus far'there is no reason to believe either that he has any desire to play the traitor, or that if he had he would be of the least nee to ne. Nobody appears to know what has become of the Afghan Jtooope, bat experienced froptidr officers with whom I bare conversed daring the last day or two express the opinion that they hare been sent to Hint. We. are not likely to attack this important place, but of conise the Amir has ho means of. [mowing what our intentions are. In fact it would be impossible for tu to reach Hirat before April or May next, and then only after an expenditure of several millions of money. Meanwhile, as Sir Henry Norman's article m the Fortnightly Review clearly shows, the policy of the Government meets with, no more favour from the highest Indian authorities now than it did at the outset, and it is therefore certain that when Parliament assembles next month the Opposition will be prepared to attack the Government along the whole line. LOUD LT1TON AND HIS CRITICS. The Friend of India has made itself con spicuous by the fierceness with which it has assailed Lord Ly tton's policy; and indeed it is seldom that more trenchant articles have ap pe&red; in any quarter than those which have been published from day to day in the columns of this journal. Its editor and proprietor, Mr. Knight, was formerly Secretary to the Govern ment of Bengal, and ought therefore to know a good deal about the secrets of the prison-house. One of its principal contributors is Major Osborne, who a year or two ago wrote a work of some merit on Islamism, and who is still in the military service of the Government. The Major appears to have made no attempt to conceal his detestation of lord Ly tton's frontier policy, although no one knows to what extent he is re sponsible for the line taken by the Friend of India. Whatever the truth about this may be, the military authorities have ordered Major Osborne to leave Calcutta, where he has long resided, and to proceed to the very distant and disagreeable cantonment of Quetta. In India servants of the Government are en couraged rather than otherwise to write for the newspapers. The Major therefore is punished, cot for writing articles in a political journal, but for expressing opinions unpalatable to the Viceroy. THE CONDITION OF INDIA.. Scandal also just now is busy with the Vice regal Court, but as India is a country in which malicious tongues are apt to take liberties with great names too much importance mnst not be attached to the personal gossip of Simla or Lahore. Bnt I am afraid that other stories which reach us are only too true; that, for example, the use of torture in criminal cases has been revived by the native police, and that the condition of the great mass of the popula tion is gradually getting worse. Indian finance promises to become the perplexity and torment' of English statesmen. Sir Richard Temple has suspended the prosecution of public works of every kind in the presidency of Bom bay. hio fact could more conclusively shew what he thinks of the situation. The Indian Government can only hope hereafter to frame anything like a decent balance sheet by reim posing the income tax, which in Lord Mayo's time was so assessed as to drive the poorer classes to the verge of rebellion. In the epinionof many persons the remedy is worse than the disease. India unquestionably is not in a position to pay the expenses of a great war, or even of extensive military operations; and this naturally brings me to the view of those who, like Mr. Favrcett, believe tbat as Lord Beaconsfield sent the expedition to Afghanistan in order to maintain the prestige of England, John Bull himself ought to pay the piper. Unless England pays a large proportion of the expense occasioned by the advance into Afgha nistan and the annexation of districts which mnst for many years to come be held by our troops, the financial difficulties of India must cul minate in bankruptcy. THE BASTEBN QUESTION. The prospect nearer home is hardly more hopefuL It is greatly feared that when the Russians evacuate Eastern Bumelia that pro vince will be reduced to a state of anarchy, and that indeed the Turks may be the first to wish their old enemy back again. The Slavs in Eastern Bumelia are endeavouring to get rid of the direct rule of the Sultan, and the success of their design is manifestly only a question of time. The JiDgoes are exulting in the prospec tive withdrawal of the Bussian troops from the districts routh of the Balkans; but, as I have already intimated, their rejoicing is a little premature. The Czar is determined to keep his word; and indeed it is said by those who know him well that if he is told that a thing which he thsaks it is right and necessary to do is unpopular, he becomes only the more determined to do it, If the Sultan only had a similar temper there might be some hope of getting ithe long-promised reforms in Asia Minor executed; but I suspect that long before the Turks grant equality to their Christian sub jects constitutional government will have been established in Russia. From time to ting, in deed, there have been rumours of great political changes in Russia; and as the Emperor must ere this have become painfully conscious of the fact that no one pair Of shoulders can be equal to the government of half Europe and Asia, it is possible that there may be some foundation for these reports. X know that our Premier's system of personal rule has found many ad mirers in Russia, and that a very influential personage in that country lately wrote a letter in which he remarked that "as Lord Beacons field appeared to be able to do what he pleased vfithj Parliamentary government in ii!ngiaw<i he did not see why Russia should not try the ex periment of ruling by a constitution." THE ltXTRDER in CRETE. The murder of poor Mr. Anderson, the superintendent of the.telegraph sta* ";:^n Crete, will excite some stir in the House of nSommons during the ensuing session. Details have bsen received here which distinctly point to the murder having been committed by Bashi Bazouks. It happens that the unfortunate young man and his clerk were done to death near a Turkish fort in the suburbs of Oanea. It has also been elicited that they were shot by bullets which had been fired from a Winchester rifle, and that the Circassians are the only people on the island who are armed with this weapon. In the next place there is good reason to believe that the bullets came from the direction of the fort. An official enquiry been held, bat I need hardly say without any result. Although everybody believes tbat Anderson and his companion have been shot revenge for the murder of two Turks whose lives were sacrificed a short time previously the Foreign Office is taking the matter very coolly, and apparently holds the life of a British subject very cheap just now. ffleanwmJe every telegrapwc clerk in tne Medi terranean from Gibraltar to Constantinople is iu a state of , alarm lest the Turks, growing bold with impunity, should find victims at some other telegraph stations in the Levant. What makes it more incumbent upon the Government to interfere is that it was by special agreement with the Foreign Office and the Treasury that telegraphic communication with Crete was esta blished a few months ago. Mr. Gladstone takes a warm interest in this case; but X fear that we shall have to wait for the advent of a Liberal Government before justice is done. 3HE LIBERAL PARTY. The prospects of the Liberal party are much better at the present time than they have been for many months past. There has been, it is true, no very decided manifestation of public opinion against the Government, but still the latter have palpably lost ground, which it is impossible for them to recover. Much of the existing depression of trade is directly caused by their restless foreign policy, and by the uncertainty which exists as to the new surprises they may have in store for the country. The belief that their influence is rapidly waning gives importance to every by-election which takes place, notably to the one which is about to come off in North Norfolk, where both parties have made gigantic efforts to achieve a suc cessful result. Although the people are suffering greatly there is too much reason to fear that there are for more evil days in store for them ; and, moreover, unless the Chancellor of the Exchequer goes on borrowing money it will be absolutely necessary to lay new burthens of taxation upon the backs of an impoverished nation. lord ehacohsfield's health. Calculations with regard to the political future are a good deal baffled by the uncer tainty which surrounds the health and the plans of Lord Beaconsfieid. A few. days ago the Standard announced that the Premier was very ill, and at the same tame: published a lead ing article on the subject, which was manifestly intended to prepare the public for the worst. The Standard is a very well-conducted paper, and the public naturally attached importance to its intelligence; nevertheless a correspon dent of the Press - Association declared that the Premier's illness had been greatly exaggerated, that he was only suffering from a comparatively slight attack of gout in the leg, and that, in fact, he had found it unnecessary even to call in his medical attendant. In pro portion as Lord Beaconsfieid progressed towards complete recovery the report that he had been dangerously ill was denied with increased em phasis; and the public, therefore, have come to the conclusion that there was at no time axy cause for alarm. It is, however, vrorthy of remark that the Conservative organ has never admitted its error, but, on the contrary, has more than once repeated its original statement ss to the critical state of the; Blender's heritSuTfheee "face suspect thathe wdly hada riioct itnflMkrp attack of goat, from which he unexpectedly rallied, and that the bronchial • eymptn>Tiii«™«». ._. . .. .. - - - ■jj. careful treatment, it is probably quite tenet Lord Be&consfield;'s medical man was not inatten dance. He practises homoeopathy, which enable* a man to be In a great measure his own doctor, and to swallow globules and tinctures at his own discretion. WIIX HH EH8IGW? Lord Beaconsfield has: entered upon bis seventy-fourth year. (A writer in the Gentle maris Magazine, on the faith of a certain Jewish register, however, alleges that he is a year older than this.) It is therefore necessary that he should take care of himself. No one can look npon his ghastly face and tottering form with out feeling that years are beginning to 'tell npon him, and that indeed the time has come when be ought to begin to think of patting op the shutters and retiring altogether from busi ness. Such inclement wi&ther; as we have reoently experienced is moat dangerous te a man who suffers from chronic weakness of the chest. Daring the winter months Lord Beacons field needs to lire in a warmer climate—say on the shores of the Mediterranean, or, better still, in Asia Minor, where, as an extra-official member of the Tory Cabinet, he might watch over the execution of the Anglo- Turkish Convention. An eminent medical authority recommends Mm to live at Clapham, just as Sir William Gull ad vised the Prince of Wales to build a Boyal Nursery for his children at Hackney. Wherever Lord Beaconsfield may decide to go, it is hardly likely that he will continue much longer at the head of affairs. While I write rumours of his probable early retirement from office reach me, and speculations as te whether he will be succeeded by the Doke of Bichmond or Lord Salisbury are passing from mouth to mouth. Into these speculations it would he unprofitable to enter. "Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof." KB. BPUBQEOK. The health of a very different man from the singular person who now roles England—I refer to Mr. Spnrgeon—has also occasioned much anxiety of late. His present attack of rheumatism is so severe, and has been attended with so much pain, that his only chance of restoration lies in his leaving England as soon as he will hear removal, and taking up his abode in a milder climate for an indefinite period. He has, I believe, began to realize this fact, and is accordingly making arrangements for a prolonged absence from the scene of his useful labours. His congregation fhave lately held a bazaar at the Metropolitan Tabernacle for the purpose of raising him a testimonial of five thousand pounds. One fact in connection with this bazaar is particularly worthy of being mentioned. Mr. Spnrgeon has for years past shown a warm sympathy with the butchers of London. Hot to be behindhand in good feeling they sent to the bazaar- such large quantities of meat that a butcher's shop had to be fitted up in the Tabernacle, and all day long the well-known cry,"Buy, buy,buy,"was heard in the sacred edifice. She testimonial far exceeds the pro posed sum of five thousand ponnds, but Mr. Spnrgeon, with that perfect mwelfiahnpan which characterizes him, intends to spend every shilling . of it in the endowment of his almshouses for the aged poor. SPUEGEON-'fl SBBMONS. The copyright of his sermons is a valuable piece of property; and apparently his inability to preach must tend to limit, if not to stop, the farther issae. Mr. Spnrgeon, however, in spite of acute pain, has been engaged for many months past in dictating sermonB from his sofa. By this means he is able to keep up the regular weekly publication of his sermons, whose readers, I may add, live in every part of the world, and are to be counted by hundreds of thousands. So long as be can write sermons he will find an army of readers; and indeed there is reason to believe that he has exerted as great an influence over multitudes who have never heard his voice or seen his face as he has done over the 6,000 persons who have been accustomed every Sunday to listen to his ministrations. Although hoping for the best, Z fear that his pulpit work in this country is now drawing to a close. A. FROSELTTIZIira MONSIQNOB. It is true that a great gnlf is fixed between Mr. Spnrgeon and Monsignor Capel; and indeed the only two points of resemblance between them which g I 'can discover are—(1) That they are both popular preachers; and (2) that they also both enjoy a great reputation for their agree able social qnalities. Monsignor Oapel, although the son of a Hastings lodging-house keeper, is a born gentleman, a man who can talk delightfully for a whole evening without oned approaching the one subject which all the while is uppermost in his mind. An ecclesiastic who can exercise so much patience and SCO.* control is sorely " a fisher of men" well deserv ing <?f thfi confidence placed In him by Ids superiors. Notwithstanding his plausibility of manner and fluency of speech, he is a failure in the pulpit. His true sphere of action is the drawing-room. fie has recently visited Oxford on a religions mission. There he angled for undergraduates, and with no little success. Meetings for conversation and enquiry were held by him in private bouses, and the youth of the University were there drawn towards Some by an insinuating mode of attack far more likely so accomplish its object than if a vulgar line and book had been used. Monsignor Oapel eschews rough controversy. XBO XQIi Monsignor Capel naturally suggests the Pope, whose proceedings are becoming a source of much perplexity, no less to his friends than to his toea. Leo XIII. has no sympathy with asceticism,"and sets his face steadily against those bodily mortifications which are so much in vogue amongst the English TJltramontanes. A friend of mine, who has been brought into intimate relation with the Papal Court, assures me that His Holiness has no intention, if he can help it, to remain a prisoner at the Vatican, or to continue on bad terms with the Italian Government. On the contrary, his desire is to march with the times, and,if possible, to reconcile the Church with the necessities of the age. The consequence is that the Pope is in bad odour with the Jesuits and other ecclesias tics of the reactionary school. Their belief in his infallibility has also been a good deal shaken by his having heavily taxed the incomes of the superior clergy. Leo XIII. has encouraged the Eoman Catholic laity to unite freely with their political opponents in fitting out a new expedi tion for the exploration of Central Africa. Strange to Bay, in this matter the Qnirinal and the Vatican appear to have joined hands. The' most extraordinary part of the movement is the formation of a Ladies' Committee, in which the very "blackest" of Princesses and Duchesses have agreed to act in concert with, other B oman ladies whose politics are of a totally different colour. They all meet, it appears, in the palace of a neutral Countess. The world may yet witness some 'strange events in Italy. A reforming Pope may possibly make unex pected use of the dogma of infallibility. He is not necessarily bound always to employ it against human progress; and at the present time there is undoubtedly an impression in Borne that Leo XlfL is likely to disappoint the expectations of Cardinal Manning on the one hand and of Dr. Gumming on the other. PEOPOSHD COLONIAL EXHIBITION. The Italians are sending an expedition to Africa in order to open up hew channels of trade and to establish colonies for their over flowing population. The merchants and manu facturers of Lancashire are also' turning their attention to Africa, in the hope that, assisted by British capital and enterprise, they may succeed in discovering new markets in that undeveloped continent. Mr. H. B. Strangways on the other hand looks to our own colonies for the means of reviving British commerce, and as one effec tive means of promoting this desirable object be proposes that at an early period an exhibition of the manufactures and products of our colonies shall be held in London. Mr. Strangways is careful to exclude India from his project, wishing it to be confined exclusively to the colonies. The- Duke of Manchester wrote a letter to this gentleman, in which he warmly approved of the proposal, and suggested that it should be . brought before the Council of the Boyal Colonial Institute. Mr. Strangways has promptly acted on this hint, and the Council, after some pre liminary discussion, has decided te convene a special meeting of its members to consider the matter. If the Prince of Wales woirid consent to put himself at the head of this movement of course its success would be assured.. Mr. Strangways may he trusted to_ throw _all his well-known energy and.ability, into this good work,and.I have not the least doubt that he will attract.to its rapport many of the' foremost commercial men of the kingdom.. He has been employing bin leisure moments lately in making improvements in the microphone, so that be can transmit through It most of the sounds of the human voice. He is also able to reproduce the tick of a watch more loudly than It can be heard through the ordinary Bell telephone. A similar amount of skill and.assiduity if applied to the proposed Colonial Exhibition will make it a success of which both the mother-country and the colonies will have good reason to-be proud. KB. BEOWH M NEW BMZAER. The "little wax" which the Bev. George Brown waged several months ago against the can nfcal natives of Hew Britain has excited a good. deal of attention here is official eireles, I hear thatMr.Brown's proceedings have been brought before the Colonial Secretary, and that he has found it necessary to cons alt Sir Arthur Gordon, who is still on a visit to his relatives.in Scotland. It is rather fortunate that Her'Majesty's High Commissioner in the Pacific should happen to be in this country at the present moment. The question to be decided is whether Mr. Brown his violated the provisions ef the Pacific Islanders' Protection Act, No. 2; and if he has done so, whether instructions should not be sent to the Judicial Commissioner at Fiji to institute la judicial enquiry into the missionary's' conduct. Ube case is one of great importance, both on its own account and also because the decision of the Secretary of State will form a precedent. TH8 HEW OPHELIA. Turning to lighter subjects, I may mention that the dramatic incident of the month has unquestionably been the re-opening of the Lyceum, where Miss Ellen Terry's Ophelia effec tually silences the disappointment that might otherwise have been felt at the failure of Mr. Irving to come forward in his managerial capacity in any newer character than the Hatnlet of which so much has already been said and written. About Miss Terry's Ophelia there can be no two opinions. So tender, so graceful, so human, and yet so poetic a representation of the hapless victim of " my Lord Hamlet's" ill starred love has certainly not been seen within the recollection of the present generation— with the exception, perhaps, of Christine Nilsson's performance, some ten or twelve years ago, on the lyric stage of the same part in Ambroise Thomas's opera of " Hamlet," which created a temporary furore in 1 ondon and Paris, very largely due to the incomparably pathetic singing of the second Swedish nightingale. Mdlle. Nilsson had, however, to deal with a part that was confessedly the chief role of the piece, for the French composer's Prince of Denmark is little more than Ophelia's lover, whereas it has been too much the custom here to regard Sbafe speare's Ophelia as merely necessary to furnish a love episode for Hamlet, and the public has been generally content to see the part played with sweetness and refinement, without de manding strong individuality or much power of any kind from its representative. But Ellen Terry's ..Ophelia is a bona fide creation, quite removed from the commonplace category of girlish grace and propriety of gesture. She does not Bimply act well, and so adequately support the Hamlet of the night. She is for the time being Ophelia herself, a real woman, with an intense though exquisitely shy nature, who, unlibe most Ophelias that I have seen, does strike one as capable in her reverential passion for her gifted and augnst lover of being goaded to despair and madness by the terrible spectacle of her mental alienation. Wits ELI-EN TBBRY IN A LUNATIC ASYLUM. How determined she was to be governed by no mere tradition or professional examples in her desire to give reality to her impersonation may be gathered from the fact that shortly before the theatre was reopened she, in com pany with her husband, Mr. Charles Kelly, paid a visit to a lunatic asylum at Banstead, in Surrey, expressly to observe cases of melancholic insanity for herself. Her performance seems to have taken even her own family by surprise, for her sisters, all of whom are or have been on the stage, wept as freely as their neighbours in the stalls over the scene between Hamlet and Ophelia, ending with " get thee to a nunnery," &c.;, while they confessed one to another that they had "never thought Ellen could act like that." irving's hamlet. Mr. Irving's Hamlet has decidedly'gained as a scholarly and intellectual presentation, bat unfortunately retains those defects which to many persons, myself among the number, greatly mar the effect of his really fine acting. The old trick of producing his words with apparent difficulty, commonly called " mouthing," re mains in full force, as well as that imperfect enunciation which makes it almost impossible for persons not very near the stage to follow him unless previously well acquainted with the text; he is declaiming. He, moreover, stands by the habit of speaking Shakspeare so very slowly tkat indistinctness is the less excusable, even small prepositions being given out with an emphasis suggestive of nothing so much as an extemporary preacher waiting for the right word to come. When, however, he does rise above these mannerisms he carries his audience away; and such is notably the case in the scene with Ophelia, which leaves absolutely nothing to he desired in the way of mournful, heart rending pathos; but here he had, as I have said, an Ophelia to play to such as has not before beeu seen in our time, and was evidently carried beyond his often too manifestly studied manner. Mr. Irving has made sundry new rules which deserve respect, among them being the peremp tory abolition of fees to box and seat keepers, and the inclusion of programmes in the price paid for admission. The public are indeed •' entreated" to support the management in this -wholesome innovation; and it will be [the public's own fault if the underlings of the Lyceum, starting with cheerful voluntary service, gradually acquire the ugly look of mute snppliancy which I have seen steal over their faces at one or two other houses which started with equally generous programmes. Irving, like Macready, has a profoundly pious mind, and, unlike most of his profession, is ascetic in his own habits, though most generous in his conduct to others. He has a strong leaning towards fatalism, and is as Calvinistic in his views as Toplady or John Newton. If he had not been an actor he would have been a preacher, and those most intimate with his leanings pre dict a distinctly religious career for him when ever he shall retire from stage life. FAMOUS POETEAIT8. The Exhibition of Old Masters at Burlington House (the Royal Academy), which was opened on Twelfth Bay, seems to justify the idea that the art treasures scattered up and down in English private houses is all but inexhaustible, for, notwithstanding that similar collections year after year invite our inspection, there is as yet no perceptible falling off either in the quantity -or qualify of the works contributed. This year's Winter Exhibition is especially rich in portraits, and much interest is naturally felt in that- of Miss Polly Kennedy, by Sir Joshua Reynolds, because the artist considered it to be the very best face he had ever painted; but, perhaps, apart from this recommendation, the picture wonld not win any special amount of notice, for though doubtless an excellent like ness, Miss Kennedy's claims to be a reigning beauty are not of a striking order. More attrac tive in every way to my thinking is Reynolds's portrait of Charles James Fox, the original of many copies, and evidently "a speaking" resemblance of that brilliant and generous statesman. Another very attractive portrait is the beautifully painted picture of Lord Nelson's mistress, Lady Hamilton, as " Euphro syne," an exquisite study of a very lovely woman. Italian and Spanish painters also are largely represented, Murillo's wonderful kneeling Magdalene, with its intense expres sion of grief and humiliation, being the most remarkable of this class. The Dutch and Flemish school have the magnificent portrait of General Velasquez by Rubens, a marvel of splendid free drawing instinct with life, in con trast with Jan Brueghel's queer picture, " The Eve of the Deluge," which is crowded with elaborate detail and droll anachronisms, such as Cashmere shawlB and an Italian villa, which, however, cannot destroy the fine handling of the beasts walking to the Ark. Never perhaps have there been so many good pictures in the market as at this particular season of depression and distress. Only the other day a collection bought by a private gentleman for thirty thousand^ pounds was sold, on account of the hard times,'which make money scarce, for fifteen thousand; and one has only to look into the? windows of well-known shops devoted to artistic objects to note thennnsually large number of really fine works offered at prices which testify either that the dealer has bought them very cheap or that some depositor is willing to let them go almost for "a song" in order " to raise the wind." IFTEHABT GOSSIP. It is said that Mr. Tom Taylor will shortly retire from the editorship of Pvmch, and that he will be succeeded by Mr. F. C. Bornand, whose ghost stories now in course of publication are likely to rank among the best things which have appeared in Punch since the days of Douglas Jerrold and Thackeray. The Duke of Argyll's work on the Eastern question is now completed. I hear that it is admirably written, and that the Duke makes a very vigorous attack on Lord Lytton. The Duke is still at Cannes, suffering from the gout. The world has been startled by the announcement of death from suicide of Mr. E. M. Ward, the historical painter, who was a great favourite of the Prince Consort. Mr. Ward's death will be a loss to the women's suffrage movement, of which he was a warm supporter. Mr. William Black intends to write a story the principal scenes in which will be located at Brighton. He will, therefore, reside at that London-hy-the-sea during the next few months. <3olD SpECntEMS AT THE PABIS EXHIBITION. We understand that Sir John Lubbock is i treaty for the purchase of Mr. W. H. Stratford collection of gold specimens, which were muc admired at the Paris Exhibition, either ft himself or for some public institution. 