BITTER SWEETS. .'??: AL-5VEj3TORY. By Joseph Hatton. CHAPTER XVIII ? BICHAED GREY AST0KISHE9 MAT DUKKCM. At the end of the week, when Mat Dnnkum re turned to tha caverns, lie found Richard Grey com fortably ensconed in, the cottage. Richard said thehousa was warmer, and more civilized. The cavern parlour had given him the blues. So. he had not been reading much : the books which Mat noticed were from Beaclutone'a. ' And is this from He-icbstcne's ?' asked Mat, stooping to pick ud a pink ribbon, fastened to a little let brooch, that lav upon the floor. Richard Grey snatched at the trinket, without responding to Mat's lau^htor. 1 Softly, 6of tly,' said Mat, holding the -ribbon above Kicbard's head. Richard looked sullenly upwards, and event tually Mat dropped the waif upon the table, and Richard put it into his pocket. ' Welljl'Il not be. inquisitive,' said Mat, sitting down astride a cbau, and looking at the prot6g6. ? You needn't,' said Richard, upon whose cheeks there was a little extra colour. ? Verywe.ll, then, Iwon't. But it ain't the thing, you know, to be having visitors when tba master . ot tne nouse is away — an, an, an,- tma. jsiai lauguea again at Richard. 'After a momentary consideration, whether he should laugh 6rbe»angry, Richard joined in Mat's ioiigh guffaw. ; . .'..'. ' Now, then, tell us your news, and never mind my visitor,' said Richard. - ? . ' Well, then, what would you lite It to be !' ' I don't care a buttton;' said Dick, putting bis bunds into his pockets, and singing a stanza of tap song which was held In such high favour at lieem'd .Harmonic Bowers. : ' . . ?Tou don't care? -. ' Not a stiver, not a farthing.' ? Very well then, I've put every tbiagail straight ior you at Maryport ; and I've made arrangements for the future. Your brother Frank has gotyou ,ia -*tlaAaci0 a lriviH nF inarMwifvii* in iniafino tnr Walft\\*i1 and Co., and ? ' , v ^ ' ?Blow my brother Prank— hang 'Welf-ord and Co.,' exclaimed Richard Grey, with a contemp tuous toss of the head. ' You may blow and hang who you like,' said Hat ; ' I've done xny best for you.' * And bad's the best, if that's it,' mid Richard. * I thought you didn't care a button just sow low it was to be ?' '-?'?' * No more I don't.' 'And yet you ain't Battened.' ' ?? ? ' . ' Kb— I am satisfied with yea, yvyu ieow. Mat — much obliged to you, and all that; but blow my brother Frank and that humbug, Welford.' 'All right; then you won't have the situation P' ' 0, I'll have it,' said Hicbard, as thouga he ?were conferring a great favour upon his brother Frank, the Messrs. Watford and Co., and upan;Mat too. * I'll have it. .They'll pay toy fare out, I sup pose f. - ? They'll pay your fare, and do what is handsome in every way.' . * Whateolary will they give me P' * They didnt say how much; but I understood ! from your brother that Mr. TVelford had said.be would Baa to that himself,' ' J ;0&.,ind.eadi' ?-? ' ' Yes ; and your brother tfeemed to think that Mr. Welford was showing » very great interest in ? you to have troubled himself' so far in tke matter.' ? ? ' 1 dare say ; I never thought bo much of Wel-j f ordas Frank does. And when ini I to go 1' ' * You can bid your mother good-tee in.two days from now, and I'm tc put jou aboard ebip at Liverpool.' ?Oh I' ejaculated Eichard. 'You're as coot a band as ever I came across,'! said Mat, looking at Dick with what would have been an admiring smile.had not Mat felt a little annoyed. 'Ami?' ' Yes; you don't ask me how I've manscred to get you out of the Commodore's clutches.' *0h, that* beggar Burps, you mean— who cares tor him.' 'Cares! well, nobodv as I .know of* said Mat: ?but there was a ?warrant out against you, Dick.' ' Ab, I forgot that— is it out now ? — is it coming here ?— will it be at home -on Sunday if I should call ?' ' You certainly are n.-stunner ; but I think I'd rather you weren't such n stunner,' said Mat, look ingat Richard thoughtfully. Dick snapped liis fingers, and roared out at the top his voice — . Let's be merrv while we can, livery jorloifsllow. lsVei-4 lad will be a mail, (Tuleas lie's sometimes motion-. I ill - our cups up tolbe brim, ; Drain y^urflnwInirElasst-s, Sown witfi. taira who. Jink orYwIm. Will not pledge the losses. Mat sat starincr at bis nrnt/iac in amazement until he wos called upon to join in t'aechorus. ' No, no — look here, Dick ; what the blazas is the good of tbisnonsoCBe ?' 'Why, you'ra getting ,eavage, Captain,' said Bichard. ..';.. . ' ' Xo, I'm not ; but when a fellow has been do ing his best to cet you out of a Ecrape, you might listen to what he's got to eay.' ' iiitrht you are ; well, and' what about the war rant, Captain?' ' Why, Barns has given up the prosecution, and you are free.' 'Hooray!' exclaimed Dick with mock enthu siasm. Mat said no more; but commenced to light his pipe. We shall leave him to smoke it. Richard Grey, you see, received Mat's news with utter indifference. On the nest evening he took leave of Eeasie Martin. ' You will write to roe, , very, very often,' she said, trembling on his arm, whilBt the sea was moaning under the starlight. 'Oh. yes. of course,' Dick replied, ? I'll write, you know.' ' How often, Richard ?' she asked, in her soft^ little trusting voice. 'Well, how often would you like me to write, Bess!' ? I dare not say how often,' was the reply. ' Once a month ?' asked liichard. carelessly. Bessie bad thought of sayiug once a week; ehe1 was glad she had not said so. 'Once a mouth, sweetheart?' Richard asked' again. ' Yes.' eaid Bessie. ' And how long ?will you be away, Richard h' . ' 1 don't know, Bess — perhaps s- year,' ' Oa, it seems such a long time,,such it very long1 time,' said B9ssie. .????? ' Perhaps I shan't be away moretthan eis. or nine- months.' ? ' . . ' And we are to be married wliemyou -come back, and never, never to be psrted any moro ?.' ?That's it,' saidKicbard, -' I'Jl get eoine money you know, and then Til come back, and we'll have the belle ruug, and ? ' The'soa was bo boisterous thatiits roar, drowned tbe remainder of the sentence. But it did not. drown thp .voice of ilrs. i3eachstone that nieht. when Bessie returned. If sue tlid not alter, Bessie Martin should stay in that house- lio longer ; she would not permit her to be out alter dark ; such a beautiful night, indeed. Well, only let her com mands be disobeyed once more, and then Bessie should see whether it was a beautiful night. The little assistant did not disobey Airs. Beach stone again lor months, but the time did come when visitors at lleiswick saw those black eyes, and those glossy curls no longer behind Mrs. Beachstone's counter. AVo shall have-to tell indeed how poor Bessie ran_ away, as many another eirl had done before her.;:.how she had not sufficient strength of character to bear the trouble that fell upon her ; and how it overset the little brain, as many another brain had been overset. the intellipeut reader will almost be prepared to learn that Richard Grey broke his promise to Bessie Martin the first month. When he reached his journey's erjd, he would write to her immedia tely, Bessie thought— write a fond, tender letter that she would carry nbnut in her bosom. .Richard tirey did nothing of the kind. It was quite a month after his arrival before he wrote, and when tho letter was put into those-eager, trembling hands that were 'stretched over Jlrs. Beachstone's counter to receive it, what was it?' Only a few hurried lines, badly written, .and nothing like a lov.e-letter. lie had had a pood deal of bother, Richard told her ; it was a queer, rackety place, this New York, find he thought he had better gone for a soldier. However, he liad given up bis situation under Welford and Co. — he didn't like it — he never had liked Hnybody con nected with Welford. Ho should have been workdd to death, one way and another, if he hadn't given it up. ? lie had thought of going back to England once much good in New York, everybody was in such a deuce.pf.a hurry to make money there, that he didu't think there was much chance for him. Perhaps Bessie would expect this to be a love Jetter of the old sort, which he wrote when he was a boy, and bad just left lleiswick. But he really hadn't time to write about love, and all that — though of course he did Jove her— ano «he must excuse him. Didn't know what Bessie would find to write about, but if she liked she could tell him all about tbe people at Denby Rise, as she was so olose to the house where his mother lived. The same post carried a wretched scrawl fj-om the same quarter to Mrs. Grey, asking for money, and a draft was despatched to JTew York that same day. Mrs.'Grey ciied over the letter she had re ceived, and it kept her nwake all night. Welford and Co, did not like her son Richard, she was sure, working him so very hird. .She almost wished now that he had sought a situation for himself, and had nothing more to do with Welford. it was no use talking to .Frank about it, Frank did not understand the boy's nature. And the mother's heart yearned- to iier youngest son, yearned to comfort him in the distant land. Bessie Martin i could scarcely comprehend Richard's letter ; but there were one or two loving words in it, and it there were no more, was he not sorely troubled ? Had he iiot -been overworked ? And was he not already ibin^asg oi coining hack to his Bessie? : ...... ? . . So, at night, the vulgaj, ill-written, ungrammati cal letter was placed under Bessie's jjillow, and in the daytime it reBted next her poor little flutter ing heart. \- CHAPTER XIX. ' :...;? .= BEHINW TUB MASK. In tbesuprems happiness of her married life, in ?the fond devotion of her husband, in her motherly love for the chlia'wHcTriiBtl?bles'sed'her'uhi6n with; Paul, five years -had' nearly wiped ouftbe sorrows -which,- at the -outset; had been coupled with Anna's joys. | '.?;?' - ; ; . . ' ; There were times when ead memories would crowd into her heart and claim sorrow's custo mary tribute; .but the brief. 'shadows only heightened 'the-eunahiiie of her settled happiness. She could talk about her uncle, with that loving familiarity which- lapse of - time enables us to speak of loved ones who are gone. Buttbemention of Harry Thornbill always brought such a cloud upon Paul's brow that sue seldom mentioned the old, old friend whose ihtg she still wore. : Sometimes she 'wondered at- the change which marriage appeared to have wrought in Paul, and ehe often told him that she wondered at it. Not that the change was a subject of complaint. On the contrary, never had wife more affectionate husband. Paul's high spirits, his love of novelty, his delight in adventure,' all appeared to have gone. All hig thoughts seemed to be centred in Anna and her child, and- Anna often said he would spoil them both. /'=*??-' When the silver bells at Ilelswick rang for morn ing and evening service, none responded to them more punctually than Paul Massey and his charm ing wife- There was not an Object of benevolence -n the district to which rani did not contribute lavishly ; them wag not a scheme which had for its purpose the improvement of the poorer cl&Eses; that he did not aid. In good truth, from the day that Paul Massey married Anna Lee, be had given himself up to a life of devotion to her and all that was good. And yet Winford Barns was a frequent visitor at Denhy Rise, and would startle the servants with oaths, and course jests, mtb. llassey fmd ouce, in her affectionately frank manner, asked her husband why he did not give up the acquaintance of a man who seemed so wicked and so vulgar. This question waB the only onetbat had ever elicited iiom her husband anything like a command. ' You must not ask that question again, Anna dear,' said Paul, varyseriouely ; ' I am under great obligations to him, and he must come here when he pleases.' Anna bent her head, and then looked up at her nusoana, wita a sorrowful inquiring glance. ' Don't think me unkind, Anna,' Paul went on ; ' Barns was a different man once, and I can never be out of his debt.' ' 1 don't think you unkind, Paul, and I will'do whatever you wish, dear ; but would it not be better to pay all you owe to him, and- — ' 'I cannot, Anna; do not ask it. I will relieve you of his society as much as possible. There, there! Let us take a walk upon tho beach, and don't think any more about my grim cigar smoking friend.' Paulkiseed bis wife, and suddenly became so gay. that Anna speedily forgot that such a person as ifinford Barns was in existence. Bat Paul's forced smiles were gone when he was alone, and a settled melancholy put a seal upon his features. His was a dreadful state of existence. It was only his strength of mind, and bis determi nation to make 6oine atonement for his crime, that enabled him to sunnort it. His terrible secret tortured him at all hours. The memory of the thing seemed to boni into liis heart. His wild nature was subdued with it, though the old spirit which, in bis youlbful dnye, hud prompted him to travel, would, in lonely moments, when his wife was not with him, frequently rnke Kerca possession of him. But it was the restlessness of the soul which seeks to liee from itself; the longing for goiiia lonesome spot where memory should bo overthrown. And now a new misery, a new dread, a new peril was before him. With tbe acutoness that seemed to come, .cbielly from his big secret, he knew that Wiuford Barns would betray him : lie felt that through him would come his punish ment. Tlie day of retribution appeared to draw nearer with every fresh &utn; of moiiey which tbe ?voracity of bis ' friend' drew from him. lie knew that this was the price of Winford's secivcy, and that some day, when he could no longer pay tbe price, Winford's malicious tongue would babble. Had it not been for Anna's sake, he could almost have prayed for the relief of this great exposure. Like many a malefactor, who has found it impos sible to curry hia load of guilt about with him, he would fain have given himself up to justice, but wueu he remembered that dying request of old Mountfoid's, 'Be iiud to her — love her always ,' and when Anna put her arm in bis, aud her cDild came clinging about his knees, come of the old deliance kindled in his eye against Winford items. For J'uul ilassey loved those two beings, with all tbe fervour of his ardent nature. And it galled him to tha quick to think that he wag rob bing them to buy the silence of his arch-enemy, — robbing them to lay a ghost with gold. Already his estetfl oa the Wear had gone to bay Winford's silence. Mrs. Massey was easily recon ciled to the sale, when Paul told her that bis object was to settle the amount upon (heir child in such B-way that it would be more beneficial to him than it could otherwise be. lie told his wife lie uuon He, in order to put off the dreadful day which be knew would come. No moral nor religious com punction stood - in the way of there falsehoods. Paul bad no hope of salvation. lie was a castaway, a wretch who could not exoect it: but he had re panted of his great: eia; and he loved Anna, his wrie, and prayed that her life, and her child's futute .might not be blighted through him. He prayed, but hop's gave him noencouraRement. Hu l'elt tbat his right was u battle with Fate, and he knew tbat in the end hewould be wor&ted.; In order to counteract Winford's attacks upon hie purse he lisd speculated in various ways, but he lind always been unsuccessful ; and even such a contingency as poverty dawned upon him, to make the torments tbe Greater. ' Let me buy your silence with a final sum.'he said to Winford one day, when Barns had solicited a further loan, with more than ordinary insolence, 'Same your price.' 'How buBinets-like we are to-day,' Winford mockingly replied, ? we were not wont to bo so matter-of-fact.' ' There need be no longer any disguise about our positions,' said I'nul. ' Hie manner of your ask ing for money has been too peremptory, too arrogant, to make any other than one impression.' 'And that impression,' said Winford coolly, lighting a cigar. ? Is that 1 am paying for my safety ; that were I to refuBe, you would curry out tbe threat which you have more than once made, howsoever vaguely.' ' You were not always such a good interpreter of other men's intentions, Paul ; you have read mine rightly.' ' Coward ! miserable coward !' exclaimed Paul, ' Have you no compassion, no feeling, no gratitude no humanity?' 'Ah, ah, ah,' laughed his tormentor, 'that's asvmsn good, x ou are abundantly blessed witn all those virtues, I suppose.'. ? I ! I am more despicable than yourself, and ready to bend to the most terrible punishment; but there are others, Winford. You cannot be all stone; think of them. Fur myself I ask nothing, but for them, I say, ueme the eura ac which your silence is to be purchased, and I couple with it but one condition.' . ' Well, 1 don't with to lie hnrd,' said the lieart .968 spendthrift : 'but 1 helned vou into xour new estates ; I advised you to aiuko up to the girl, you know.' Paul's love for Anna Lee had been no sordid one, and lie bore tbis assumed partnership in her for tune with a heart ready to burst, and with fingers itching to seize his tormentor and hurl him to the earth. ' It was a pleasant silting down for you, as they soy northwards, und it's only fair that you should deal handsomely with me,' und Winford knocked u long ash from bis cigar, and commenced a cal culation. 'Let me Bee, I owe .i.iOO in b little matter of rouhtte, another instalment of i'SOOO to wards the . composition with those attentive creditor* on tbe Tyne. certain fair ladies of Mary port must have .±'200 this week, and— but what uoDdition is this you speak of r' 'The condition is that you write and sign a document whictt 1 shall dictate, describing Harry Thornbill's accidental death, and confessing therein that you were once wicked enough to try and make capital out of me, by basely and' maliciously charging me with jnurdor; all of which you sow rogret, pronouncing the truth of this declaration, which you make on condition that I do riot pro secute you for slander; and that you leave Eng land for ever, or permit me to do so. This will save ifae-nsme I bear from a terrible blot; it will save my^wite and child from a greater misery than poverty. I ask a great thing —I -will pay a great price jor it.* ' ?la that all J' inquired Winford, with a grim mocking smile. . ' ?Tbati».ali.' . . ' And how much will you pay for that ?' 'Perhaps til you may have the conscience to ask. And I will also in writing, ngree to take no ad rantftge whatever of the document, and sever to use it in any way, unless to produce it in a Court of Justice to which I may be summoned on any charge relative to Harry Thornhil!.' -uucypu waaE me cocommiE penury, ixo.no, I can't consent to do tbat. 1, Winford JBarns, perjure fuy self, stain my fair reputation with crime! -No, -no, Paul Massey, that I cannot do,' said Winford, in a bantering, jeering way. ' But if we can agree as -to the Amount, and you will accept my word of honour; why, then I am open to negotiate.' Paul made other propositions in which be en deavoured to secure himself against his tormentor ; but Winford Bams was too keenly alive to his power over his o'd friend to accept oay terajs which did not leave him a free agent. 'No,' he said at length, 'I may come to that pass, Mr. Massey ; the time may arrive when a pile of gold will tempt me even to a worse crime than perjury, but it is not yet. my friend. So, for the present, if you will just let me have, eay ten thousand pounds— at five per cant., you know— a simple loan — I'il trouble you nn more : this two rp&i;, at &n;$ rate, find if t'tst ia luck, I'll trouble you no more for ten years, perhaps. There ! Now can you say I'm selfish and sordid P' Paul felt that it was useless to struggle further with bis fate, jnst then ; so he consented to this twentieth loan. ' If you leave here to- night I will order tbe money to be placed to your credit, at Maryport, by the next post.' ' It e unkind in a. host to give his guest notice to quit,' eatd Winford, emptying the brandy-bottlo into bis tumbler and tossing off the contents, 'but I'll not oppose you in that : so we'll part at once.' If Paul had taken particular note of the un healthy, besotted, and generally dissipated appear ance of his unwelcome guest, he mipbt have eeen a cause for hope in Winford's trembling hand and glaring eyas. He looked like a man who would some morning be found dead in n gutter, or who would go off raving in a fit of ddiriwn tremens. He had utterly sunk into tbe deptbs of debauchery, and his extravagance had gathered around him, in Maryport, depraved men and. women who gladly encouraged bis wicked orgies. But Paul received no hope from Winford's debauchery : once, for two days, when tbe news reached Denby that he was nearly killed, Paul had hoped tbst his wife and child* would be rescued from the pitfall to which he was leading them. It was little that Bessie Martin could tell Richard Orey about Denby Rise. Mrs. Massey often came to Beach&tone;'s to buy book*, And was a beautiful kind lady, and wore lovely dresses, and real diamonds, Mr^Massey often came with her, aDd he was ft very kind gentleman. They had a little girl with bright curly hair, and a very im pudent groom named Wittle, who had assurance enough to joke her, though sbe had not disliked him half so much since he had said that Richard Grey was a fine follow. It was impudence, how ever, Bessie went on to say, for tbe man to tell her tbat Richard was rather fast; but sbe hoped soon to be awny from Helswick. She had met Mr. Massey on the beach once or twice, and although people said he was so happy, she thought he looked miserable ; he would stand staring at tbe sea, as if be should like to be far away upon it. So she thought, however, when she saw him; but when he w»s with .Mrs. ilo^ey he was 80 kind, eo good, so attentive. Oh, hi»w delightful it must be, ?when people loved eacii other, to be always together ! * Not to be separated as we are, dear Kichard,' Bessie continued ; ' but you will soon come, won't you, and fetch your poor Bessie ? I am sure one of your letters has been lost ; for I hare only had this short one. Do write often to me, and be sure to come soon.' Kessie's wns a true description of Paul's oc.asional solitary rambleB ; but how incomplete! Paul had thought all sorts of wild tuinps in those reveries. Once it seemed as if a voice -whispered to him thvt rest could only come throuph tbe deatb of Winford Barn', nnd then the prompter advised tbe forcible removal of his tormentor. 1'flul checked the murderous thought, and shuddered at tbe horrible suggestion. But tba whisper came again, and seemed to ask what was the death of a worthless wretch such as Barns, compared with the happiness and safety of Anna and her child. 'Crush him out of your path — trwple upon him,' the tempter seemed to say, until Paul went home, in a frenzy of fear and dread, and lay seriously ill for many long weary dnve. CHAPTER XX JOE W1TTLK DISCOVERS THAT 'THINGS IS SOT EXACTLY AS THINGS OCGHTBB, BE.' 'Supposing I were to turn out to be a very bad man, Anna,' said Paul, after he had sufficiently recovered to be enabled to take exercise ; ' suppon ing you should discover that you had married a mau of infamous character ?' ? You alarm me, dear,' said Anna, bending her clear bright eyes upon her husband, half fearful that the delirium of lever mieht be returning. ' Don't bo alarmed, my love. Suppose, I say, ypu should discover, or it should be discovered, that I, Paul Massey. your husband, had been guilty of a great crime?' Anna, who w&b; standing by Paul's chair, before the bright fire which blazed up tbe library chimney, laid her arm fondly upon his, and sodded for him to proceed with his question. ? Khnr.lri vr-u love m« then, an denrlv as vnu do now?' ' I shall always love you, Paul ; but tho supposi tion you put to me is altogether out of my power to imagine, much more to accept as a probability,' said Anna, her open countenance, full of confidence and love, endorsing every -word she said. ?But I wiBh youto try and realise it,' said Paul, looking into the fire. ' Don't frighten me, dear,' Anna said gravely. ' Suppose it, Anna. J ust suppose it, for the sake of supposition, love,' said Paul, taking her hand in his. ' Well, then. if I must humour you, Paul, I should love you more than I love you now ; I should pity you so much, knowing that if you had done any thing wicked, your hot fervent nature had been to blame, aud not your kind loving heart.' ' God bless you, Anna V said Paul, taking her face between his two hands and kissing it. ' Why did you put such a strange question, my pet ?' asked Anna, looking up at tbe pale, hand some face of her husband. ' You say I said Such strange things when I was delirious, Anna ; tbat I prayed so earnestly for forqivenesB, for your sake ; tbat I— that I—' regard to his ravings during tbe fever, overcame him : he covered bis face with his hands and threw himself back into his chair. 'You are weak, my love ; you should not excite yourself in this way. I am very, very sorry I told you about what you said ; but you were so anxious to Know, Paul — so anxious. Don't think of it, dear. Surely you do not imagine that 1 believed you had done anything wicked. Dear Paul, I have heard that when the mind of a man is burthenad with some droadful weight of guilt— which is not your case, my love,' said Anna, smiling lovingly upon him — ' ( have heard that, when such is tbe case, a man does not disclose it in delirium. Oh, Paul, Paul, dear Paul, I kuow your soul to be un cmltipd 'nnd vnur love to be lie truest, the best tbe fondest.' Paul removed his hands, and looked up at his wife, as though he had just awakened from a dream, ' How foolish I am, Anna, dear ; I have been asuing some silly question— I am not quite well yet, love, and my thoughts are a little wandering. How the wind blows! it must be a stormy night at sea.' Anna bad knelt down and laid her head upon her husband's knee, and Paul stroked her fair brown hair. ' However foolish I may be, Anna, and even if I were very wicked, I love you truly, do I not?' Anna turned her face towards him, and kissed the hand that caressed her. : ? ? A few minutes afterwards thoy went arm in arm to the di-iiwine-room. and Anna lulled Paul's un happy thoughts to rest with that exquisite melody, the sprite's song, from ' Oberon,' which rose and fell, like the gentle murmur of an inland lake, when a summer breeze moves it with lullaby ripples. It wbb j ust at this time that Joe Wittle unlocked the door of Harknwuy's stable, and entered, shutting out the wind that made an effort to follow him. A candle was burning in a sconce on the wall, and UarkawAy had been duly. ' suppered up,' as Joe designated the last offices which the favourite mare required at his hands. 'Yes. old cal. I'm. come to think lust ten minutes, and then we'll put out the light, as they says ia the play, and tea to bed.' Job perched himself upon an old corn bin, and kicked it with the hoelB of his short legs. ' ' Suppose I should turn out to he a werry bad man; suppose your husband had committed a werry great crime -' Them were the werry words,' said Joe, looking straight at tbe flame of the candle. ? Harkaway turned, her head, and stamped her off foreleg, as though she wished to attract Joe's attention. 'All right, old gal; for you are agettin' aged, my pet ; I'm just a talking to myeelf. Harkaway turned to her oats again, and was silent. ''Supposing I had committed s werry great crime I' Them's werry queer words, master, werry queer words. It's not for me to know ag you've said 'em, of course ; and I'm aa hinfernal a spy and eavesdropper, as Mat Dunkum says, perhaps, to hare 'eard 'em ; but the Iiisteatipn being good, the act ain't so bad. All right, my beauty.' Tbis latter expression to Harkaway, who stamped her foot again. * Two and two don't make five,' went on Joe, thrusting hia hanffs into his waistcoat pockets, 'and five and two don't make six;' with which arithmetical observation he dropped bis legs upon the stable floor and dropped his little body after them, and tbe twain went to Harkaway, who rubbed her nose against Joe's cheek. 'Yes, old gal, things is not exactly us thinps onghter to be ; but your 'art's in the right place yet, and your hose tuo,' and Joe patted the sleek neck so vigorously, that bis patting roused up in the next stable, a fast-i rotting cob, which plung ing violently in its jealous rrge, Joe was obliged to go to it and say 'So-bo,' and 'Gently, my sweet,' and ' So-ho,' until the cob was quiet again ; and then he turned up tba stable bueker, and appeared to be mentally examining the hay loft, as wo saw him on that night, long ago, when he drove Mrs. Grey to the Denby caverns. 'If I could circumwent that 'ere fire-eatin' friend of master's, as has got him in his clutches somehow, I Ehould eay, Richard tirey, I'm werry much obliged to you for being tbe cause of my getting a taste for acting the spy.' It may seem absurd to some of our renders . that Joeshould have talked aloud to himself of matters evidently so important ; but he had so long been in tbe habit of talking to his horses, that tbe stable had become his ' tbought-box,' as ho called it, and it was an assiBtancs to him to speak his thoughts. 'It helps me to arrange 'em,' ho said to Hark away, who occasionally seemed to put in a protest against these thinking talks, ' it tielps me to dot my ideas down and put 'am straight, and look at 'em, old gal; and as they are werry important ideas just now, I must beg to be excueed for arranging 'ena so often in your presence ; so jest go on with yer supper, and don't mind Joseph.' 'Master's afraid of that 'ere Barus; that's idea one,' Joe continued after a pause, during which be provided himself with a piece of chalk. 'Barns is o-rnininp; master, in consequence — IVo hterd wine of their private confabs ; ilmt's i'ioa two. Cirns has threatened to split— I've bteid him ; that's idea three. Tbe last time Master Barns c;inie tlie beivy money dodge to the tuno of a, good mp.oy thousands, mnster was so overcame he toolc aud li nA « I' .iTiiiv ? *-lin1?O li^OO fi'iilr* 'M JI&I;'Pt* fift lrf fill API* things in that 'ere iovor; idea Hve. lie lias just now asked missus (God bless her!) suppose h3 had dona a great crime ; idea six. That's enoutf H ideas to botber a fellow, auJ quite enough for to-nijlir, ;' with which after-thought Joe rose from tbe bucket, patted Harkaway abstractedly, blew out the light, aud went out himself. CHAPTER XXr. TATJI. MASSKY AT BA.Y. A few days after Joe und chalkod up these ideas, a letter arrived at Donby Rise which soruly troubled Mr. Massoy. The hand that liad directed it bad trembled wbilst doing so, and tbe envelope was blotted, and badly sealed. I'aul had grown very mujh excited after landing it, sipd tu!d bis wife that he had received pome bad news. Ho feaTed they would have to reduce ibeir estublith raent, and live more economic/illy, lie wus most unfortunate, he said, in his investments. Mis. Ma6sey looked becomingly grtivu about tlio UJllvLUi, LUUU^ll C!U13 IvaQ UUiy blUULllcu ku Ci.o J. tiui troubled. But when their child came into the room to show mamma tho little whip which Joe Wittle had been commissioned to puichuse, with a new set of pony harness aud n side- saddle, fit Mary port, Paul's continual losses touched Jier, for a moment, throuch her daughter. Tor ber own part, she could bear and endure anything, but Paul's unsuccessful speculations might interfere Tv-illi Katy's prospects in life; so blie asked J'uui wba: these losses were, and how they were produced. A vague statement about the fluctuations io the price of money, Stock Exchange panic?, the failure of a bank, and tbo mistake of an asfnt iu the matter of 6ome railway debentures, ciid not; niako nffairs at all clear, in boi' estimation ; but what should she know about such things P Sbe asked Paul whether it was neceEsary that ho chanee, or with railways, Paul, with a sip.li, said money must be invested — must be put to account, aud bo only wished lie bad better luck, or a wider financial knowledge. It wos uselosa, however, to repine— his losses, ona way and another had been very great, end thoy must reduce their expenditure accordingly. They mistht, perhapp, have to leave Donby Kite. Anna's heart beat quickly, aud the tears camp into her eyes at the thought of tbis ; and an observer might easily have noticed what a severe Struggle Paul had had with himself, before be liad summoned up sufficient couaa^e to indicate ko much of tbe reverse of fortune -which threatened them. But be was evidently bent on preparing liis household and his friends for a great change. iVnen hia doctor carno that morning he told him be had received very bad tidinps of serious uiouo tary losses. The rector of lleiswick and bis wife, who dined with them tbst dny, received a similar intimation just beforo their carriage was called for their return home. And the next day Mrs. Mas»ey, following tbe instructions of ber husband, 101a ner mmu iuai uiey wouia oo uuiuponuu w re duce their establishment. Thus it speedily got abroad tbat tlio MaBseys were in difficulties in consequance of losses by railways, and losses in a bank, and Josses on the Stock Exchange, and that nobody knew what the end of it rrtiglit be. Mrs. Msssey bad said to her maid, who told the housekeeper, ivho had informed the grocer's wife at'Uelswick, who had mentioned it to the post-office, which had alluded to it tit a private party, tbat, perhaps, they might leave Donby Rise Jor several years. Tbe news did not come so suddenly to Joo Wittle as to tbe rest of the household ; but it IT^lllDU vurj M iVblO U1U1D HlOiU (dij* UbUCl lUUIilUDI of tlie domestic staff. He went with it to bis thought-box, and tmt on his bucket, foraa lull half hour, without speaking. Uarkaway had gone out with tbe master, which enabled Joe to take unin terr'ipted walk9 about the stable, ween he was tired of sitting. He contemplated the marks which he had made a few days before, and wliicli he had several times endeavoured to add up, and divide, and subtract, to his satisfaction, but always without success. ' It's a aggrawatin' thing when you've got the ideas and can't make notain' of t!i3iii, after youVe made so much, to speak contradictory like',' gaid Joe, his little eyes looking inquiringly up at the bay. rack. 'There'ssomething werry wrong somehow, and Winford Boras is ai the bottom of it; but how ii's to be set right, blessed if I know. Joseph, Joseph, if you'd only a wife of your buzzum to argue the point with ! But thon sbe might go a hargifying of it to somebody else's wife, and Ibat wouldn't do.. Perhaps it's better as it is. It's quite cer tain as master's done something wronc, und that's my difficulty. It would be a werry hard thing it I weretogoonainoddlin'until 1 brought tbat to light. Them as lives long enough will see some thing, no doubt ; but what 1 shall do, is jsst to kuui, though he do swear he'll be the death of ma if 1 don't mind my eye. There's no doubt tbat letter, which was from that devil BarnB, us I see tbo well-known carricters when the post-office was a putting it in the bag— there is no doubt that ere letter is the cause of all the trouble just now, and Mat being Mr. Barn's head man, which office he must ha' got the -Lord knows how, aud which be keeps in the same way, considering how he talks to the commodore, as he calls him. Yes! I'm getting all 'abroad in my ideas; my thoughts is bolting awfully,' Joe went on, alter a pause, finally giving himself up to the bucket and a careful examination of bis boots. . Paul MasBey's energies seemed; for a time to strengthen with his difficulties. Tbe fact that he was being punished for his crime, might have had its goad influence, even though it were coupled with the punishment of those who bad not deserved to suffer. ? We will get away, love, to some distant place, where no one will know us ; a few years of careful economy may bring my affairs round again,' he eaid to Anno, rising his head, and looking like a man at bay with obstacles which lie was deter mined to overcome. 1 It makes me happy, Paul, to seeyou bo cheerful. I have not seen so much light in your eye, and such a hopeful expression in your face, since your illness. I am ready toco wherever you wish, and at any moment.' Then Paul sat down, with his child between his knees, and Husband and wife talked together about the future, as happily and hopefully as though thev Were 'OnlVi USt miinn-.tn h« mnrrinrl unri hnnin the world'aaew. For Anna; felt her lovn for Paul increase, iEtUaf'were'posMblei now that they were no longer yery rich. There seemed to her to be newjiie in her affection, fresh reasons for it bud ding anew ' and striking out mare tendrils that should cling nbuot her husband and their child, Paul felt that it would be a, relief to leave Denby for ever, to leavo it for behind hint, with its dark associations -winch overshadowed its brighter ones. He thought that be could now make such an ar rangement with Barns us would satisfy his tor mentor, and leave himself at peace to continue his atonameat, and administer to the happiness of tbe woman to whom be had devoted himBelf. The first shock of Barns' letter, in which another sacrifice wes demanded, had been depressing ; but when it beguu to dawn upon Paul that tbis might be tbe left i-bock, tbut thisniight be the last sacri fice, his old determination to make his wife's days happy, aud to cany out her uncle's dying request, rcFived ttron^ly within him ; and imagination Hogan to picture a quiet, happy home in some rural spot, within sound of the bells of a village church, where he cou'd devote himself to Anna, mid to works of religion and charity. Tbe next day he went to Maryport to make these final arrangements with Winford Barns, — who was not likoly to live long to trouble anybody. Barns had conveyed »s much to Paul in the letter, but liRd coupled with it his intention of leading a jolly life while it lasted, for wbich purpose he wanted more lunas. lie imtuer inumaieu mai h was ms intention to visit Denby, wilh sundry friends of his, and to spend a month there. Paul Massey, Esquire, need be in no hurry to prepare, for he did not intend to come until the weather was wanner, Paul had at once conceived the ide-t of letting Denby llise, or selling it, and leaving the locality altogether: and, full of this plan, he went to see Barns, to settle tbe terms. 