FI10M $|xc (State to ffj.c fefai: A Narrative belonging to tlio Nineteenth Century. BY A CIIU11CILIIAN. \ ' CHAPTER L. — (Continued.) vAlIi TIIT3 JIArrV INCIDENTS OF CONVENTUAL LIFE. Mary auil her mother did indeed earnestly desire to learn something of Florence's history, but they dreaded the effect of its recital on her weak frame ; she implored them, however, to ' return to their hotel, leavim? her to recover her- self a little, and to como back to her in the afternoon, that she might at least commence her narrative. Mr. Chichester, who had been intro duced to Florence, by whom his hand was pressed affectionately, now came forward and proposed prayer, to which the sick one readily assented. After which the visitors retired for the present. ' ; ;ln the .afternoon they returned, accompanied by Jane Bennett, who was determined to remain : with Florence as long as she could bo of any service to her. The poor sufferer appeared somewhat stronger and more' lively, as if she had sought arid obtained the physical power that she needed for the task before her. Mr, Chichester again commended her and his little party to the Lord, entreating that special strength might bo given her ; after which she began her sad narrative. " Priest Curwen," and sho slightly shuddered ss she mentioned his name, " has becri a viper in my path ; he has instilled his virus into all the springs of my moral nature— he has cor rupted all my young affections — he has blighted my whole being— 1 lie here and wither in my ; prime' because that viper has crossed my way and fastened his deadly fangs upon mo body and soul. At my first confession his hellish work began. Oh, what vilencss did he then pour into my mind, teaching mo horrible things of human depravity,' concerning which I ought never to have known anything, and would not but for the demoralising practice of auricular confession and the foul questionings of a profli gate. who gloated in the filthiuess which, for his own evil purposes, he poured into the ear and heart of an innocent girl. " From the confessional to the convent is but a step, as it is from the judgment-seat to the place of execution. The vile priest know that I had a considerable fortuno at my own dis posal—lie knew that ho had absoluto power over me — he knew that by becoming a Roman Catholic I had severed myself from my family and from all interference by them — and he know— it's all over now, and I may say it — that I was fair, and so from the first he claimed me for himself. Oh, the wretch! well do I now remember the looks and tones, yea, and move ments, of that man, revealing the base passions that vibrated through every fibre of his body and lurked in every corner of his depraved heart ; and yet he spoke to me, as I knelt before him and felt the trembling of the foul storm that raged within liirn— ho spoke to me of the holy retreat of the convent — the freedom of conventual life frorii the evil thoughts and corrupt desires engendered by intercourse with the world — the absenco of all moral contagion — the relief from all carnal temptations and entice ments — the calm retreat from earthly passions — tlio cultivation of intercourse with God and His saints and angels— the patronage and presence of the Virgin Mary, whose child I should bo, and whose holy love 1 should specially share — and the opportunity afforded forlioly meditation, prayer, and preparation for heaven, which was . sure to be won by the self-denial, the auster ities, and the religious exercises of the convent. "Then ho described in vivid and repulsive colours the evils, the dangers, and sorrows of married life; the arbitrary character of husbands, their rudeness, ill-temper, and caprice, their indifference and often aversion to their wives after the first few months of married life — the quarrels of married couples: the frequerit unfaith fulness and desertion of the man — the tempt ations, arising from solitude and visits of gentlemen, of the wife — the cares of a household, " difficulties with servants, anxieties arising frorii extravagance or poverty, disorders and evil tempers of children, thoir disobedience and ingratitude ; in short, there were no can s, sorrows, or temptations that fall to the lot of a married woman that ho did not depict and dwell on, and repeat, until I felt terrified at tho idea of encountering so much misery and ruin, aiid rejoiced in the refuge which the convent walls presonted to me from so sad a destiny as wedded life, " Curwen is a practised villain, and there are many lilco him in tho ranks of tho llomish priesthood. All the' time that ho was thus pleading the advantages of celibacy and the safety of the conventual cell, lie was only plotting to get me into his toils, and to make me his victim, as he has done many others." Florence had got that far without much apparent effort, but now she threw herself back in tho bed in a sort of hysterical fit, which : greatly alarmed those gathered around her. Mary ran and held up her head, whilo Jane Bennett tried to got her to swallow a little water. Mr. Chichester was so frightoned that ho proposed to call in the landlady and send her for a physician.. At mention of this, however, Florence aroused herself, and was just able to raise he'r hand and say, "No, no!" so he desisted, and in a short time she came to horself, and would not bo prevented resuming her narrative. "Forgive me," she said in a whisper, "I thought that all that emotion was past, but I am a poor weak creature. . Now lot me go on 1 I entered the convent as a postulant and novice, and then took the veil. The bishop pronounced the horrible curse, which seems to ring in my ears now, against any nun who attempts to escape, ' Let her porish in the day of judgment, and let everlasting fire devour her, with tho devil and his angels 1' — but this is only a part of it. Then camo tho triple vow of chastity, poverty, and obedience. Oh, what a mockery ! You must go to a nunnery to find what these words .mean — profligacy, starvation, slavery. The one I entered is called the Convent of tho Mother of Mercy, not far from Heathfield, and near to an establishment for priests and monks. The mother superior, |St. Rosa, was a 'fat, vulgar woman, with a remarkably red face and a scowling brow. She had an instinctive horror of gentility, and could not tolerate anything ladylike. During my novitiate sho was particu larly kind to me, and her otherwise repulsive face wore a kind genial expression when I was in the room. I heard of her cruelty to some of the. nuns, but I thought their conduct provoked it, or that the accounts were exaggerated. I painfully learnt her real character from sad experience afterwards. When I was coinpletly in her power the mask was thrown off, and a series of insults, indignities, and petty cruelties was commenced that rendered life almost insupportable. Her object was, she said, to humble me. 1 1 thought too much of myself — I presumed too much on my former state and my- aristocratic relations — I was too fond of disphn ing my' accomplishments and high mental cultivation. There was no. place for such things thore. She would see that T.was brought down, and mado to feel that others : were as good and great as I was. ' To do .' this she resorted to every means of mortifying and degrading me, I was - made the drudge of the convent ; if coals were wanted I must go to the coal-cellar downstairs for -them j if. any vessel required cleaning I was sent to the scullery to do it. I was ordered; U> scrub the ; kitchen flags,: to scour the pots and saucepans,' to sweep out the dusthole, tolight;the kitchen and other fires, to carry hot and cold water to. the mother superior, and often to the other nuns, to clean the boots and shoes for two hours in tho morning, and often to wash . up the breakfast things after. I had also to take my place in the laundry and- at . the mangle. In Bhort, such ; drudgery was laid on mo that existence became - unbeai-able. My health gave way, audi oftencd' wished and prayed for death to release me from my grinding, crushing slavery. " All this time I was almost starved. While the mother superior revelled in luxury, feeding on tho choicest dainties, and she and her com panions, the visiting priests, indulging in the costliest wines and spirits, I was compelled to eat hard mouldy crusts and lumps of mutton fat, often from the plates of the other nuns after they had dined. Many a time I havo stolen into the refectory, seized upon the first article of food that presented itself to me, and rushed back to my cell to devour it. Often have I picked up the scraps thrown on the kitchen floor to the cats and oaten them with tho greatest relish. Oh, I cannot describe to you my_ sufferings from hunger and thirst, and all inflicted upon mo, as that cruel woman said, to humble me, and to save me from hell, into which, she seemed never weary of telling me, all aristocrats should bo cast. "Shoalso inflicted on me a hundred petty indignities during the day, and as many hard ships. Often I was kept kneeling for hours together, until sometimes nature gave way and I fainted ; sometimes she would make mc stand with nothing but my undergarments on in tho midst of tho other nuns while she put me into all kinds of postures for their amusement. She would stretch out my arms, make me open my mouth, thrust her fingers into it, place my head in this position and that, and then I should lie flat on tho floor and make the sign of tho cross on it with my tongue. On two occasions she made me drink some of the water in which she had washed her feet, hut upon both occa sions I became so ill amd was seized with such repeated fits of vomiting that tho physician who was called in despaired of my life, and she was so frightened on both occasions that after the second attempt she desisted from that species of torture. Many a time in tho day sho plucked my hair ; about once awcek she compelled me to retiro to my cell and use 'the discipline,' which means a scourge made of platted cords with wire hooks at the ends, and this was to be used on the bare back and shoulders, often till the blood spring forth. "During all this time Priest Curwen was in the habit of visiting tho convent. Ho seemed to be on very familiar terms with the mother superior, so that he could enter at any hour of the day or night. His bedroom was always ready, and he was also very intimate with the nuns, chucking one under the chin, tapping another on the back, and playing tricks with them, calling one of them ' Honey,' another 'Birdie,' another 'Goody two-shoes,' and so on. The mother superior, it seemed to me, did not quite relish his familiarities with the other nuns, but she submitted to any amount of romping or rollicking with herself. It was soon evident to mc that she was of an exceedingly jealous disposition, and that for some reason or other she thought sho had a right to tho exclusive attentions of Priest Curwen. "'JJiiat wicked man, though closely watched, contrived to let me know that 1 was the princi pal object of attraction to him in the nunnery, and that he longed to enjoy more of my society. This at first ho freely communicated to me in confession, but as he did not wholly succeed in escaping the lynx eye of St. Rosa, and it was evident that he dreaded her discovory of his sentiments towards mo, he was obliged to exer cise the greatest caution even in the confessional, as_ he know that were lier suspicions awakened sh'o would insist on learning what transpired even there, and would stop at no means of gratifying her jealousy and her hate. " Much of my Bhamoful treatment at her hands was in consequence of a suspicion that I was a favourite with tho priest. Ho had let fall in her presence one or two words of commen dation of my refined manners and accomplish ments ; these proved olio source of all my misery, it set in motion every contrivance on her part to 'humble,' in other words to mortify, me, and make me feel that I was in her power ; no doubt also to remind him that should he give her any reason to suspect a preference for me she had the means of vengeance in her own hands. "I must confess, though I confess it with shame, that my heart was drawn more and more towards the priest. He was the only one in all that convent who loved and felt for me. I was not a favourite with the sisters — very likely I did not conciliate them. I know I was of a proud, independent disposition, and I stood aloof from them, first as strangers, and after wards from some real or fancied defect in their manners, morals, or religious character. I own I was disappointed, grievously so, as I saw tho folly, frivolity, vanity, vacancy, spite, jealousy, backbiting, hypocrisy, and abject servility to the mother superior, which were conspicuous in each of them moie or less. The more I saw of the inner fcolings and the inner life of those recluses from a wicked world, the more I was disgusted with tho pretentions of the conventual system, and the more I felt the absurdity and egregious imposture of the plea that these women were thus enclosed within barred windows and iron-cased doors to preserve them from the world without. I found, alas 1 to my misery and ruin, that bad as the world without is, its vilenoss is purity itself compared with tho foulness of the world within. Active as tho devil is among men and women at large, it is with steam-power and steam-speed he works in the hearts and actions of the imprisoned victims to the hellish policy of Rome, which shuts up confraternities of men and women in huge institutions that ought to be called lunatic asylums, -with all ' their corruptions strong within them, to fester and ferment in mutual contact, until tho moral atmosphere .becomes polluted, and every moral sonse depraved, and the orgies of hell are more fitly represented there than the enjoyments of heaven. " It was >vith unspeakable joy that I heard of my deportation from this English convent to one affiliated with it in Tuscany. Anything to escape from the intolerable despotism of the reverend mother, which- was quickly carrying me to tho grave — a consummation which, she often told mo, neither she or any one in the convent . would deplore.' They had' raiy money, or thought they had it, and it mattered not to them how soori I relieved them from the necessity of applying even a small portion of the interest annually to my support in tho convent. The cause of my removal I did not kriow at tho time. I know it now. Major Knox, who is at present in Florence, and who most kindly i found mo out. a day or two before your arrival, has told me all about the ohargc against good Mr. Steele, and tho signal defeat of tho Jesuits, together with their flight frorii Heathfield. I know now that Priest Curwon's departure from England involved my transfer to the convent of St. Lucia at Prato, a few miles from this city. There, to my surprise on my arrival, 1 found this daring man, who had contrived that in his forced departure from England lie would not leave me behind. How he managed it I cannot tell, but being relieved from the mysterious influence of St. Rosa, mother superior of the Convent of tho Mother of Merey, and being appointed by the influence of his friends at Rome chaplain to that of St. Lucia, ho culti vated assiduously the attachment between us until the end of all his vile strategy was reached, and I fell a victim to his consummate hypocrisy and profligacy." Florence hero covered her eyes with hor poor attenuated hands, and a fresh gush of tears came to her relief. " Oh, do not despise me," she cried, passionately, "I am indeed a poor degraded wretch ; but, Mary, I could not bear your contempt. You know how proud I was. Yon know what admiration I received ; and you, my mother," sho added, fixing her eyes on her mother's face, " you were over proud of mo. What do you think of me now? No matter, mother, I shall not be long here to disgrace any of you ; the clay will soon cover my sorrows and my sine, You will sometimes think of me, will you not ? but oh, do not despise my memory; think of me as Florence, your own Florence, not as tho dupe and castaway of a vile Popish priest." She again sunk back in bed, and remained for some time silent, tho big tears rolling down her wan cheek. Mrs. Rumford was rushing to throw herself into her daughter's arms, but both Mary and licr husband restrained her, knowing how perilous any excitement would bo to her just now. Presently sho recovered herself and resumed : — "Oh, the abominations of these Italian con vents. Well is it for the wives and husbands who reside in the vicinity of them that laymen are excluded. I say it advisedly, and let a dying woman say it plainly, the brothels of a city are loss daugerous to the morality of husbands or the peaco of wives than these so- called holy retreats would bo to those husbands and wives if they wore not barred and bolted as as they aro ; to monks and priests they are fully available, and the result is horrible to contemplate. But do not let mo say too much on this subject, fori wasapartakoririthe wicked ness, which I now loathe from my inmost soul, and against which with my dying breath I warn parents who, in their ignorance, and often in their unnatural selfishness and criminal love of case, doom their daughters to a conventual life. Could these parents only see with their own eyes what goes on within some of these iron-bound establishments, they would far prefer adopting tho custom of tho Chinese, and cast their female infants to the dogs, thau to rear them to bo the victims of malignant mothers superior, envious and rancorous sisters, licentious monks, and profligate priests. "Dear Old England, which I shall never see again, my heart bleeds for you. Thank God the scales have fallen from my eyes, and I now bless you for your glorious Bible, free as the light of heaven ; your blessed Reformation, that released you from tho grasp of tho foreign priest; your national Church, so rich in Gospel truth, in piety, in learning, in the success of the preached Word, in the labours of its faithful members, in the zeal, purity, and Christian in tegrity of your clergy — the noble body of non conforming ministers and laity emulating tho piety and zeal of their Church brethren, and tho principles of civil and religious liberty, so clearly understood, so highly prized, and so faithfully maintained throughout the land. But oh, my country, you are becoming wearied of tlieso blessings, and of Him who has so richly bestowed thein upon you ; and you aro allowiug the foul Jezebel to bewitch you, as she be witched me, by tho abundance of her wiles, and with the intoxicating cup of her sensuous vanities. Oh that I could stand up for one hour in each of your Houses of Parliament and recount tho horrors of the system to which your great and noble men and women aro openiug their hearts and arms — I think I should recall your senators to thoir senses, and terrify them back to tho wise legislation of former days, when Popery was known as tho natural arch enemy of all national liberty, prosperity and greatness, and tho natural source of slavery, poverty, degeneracy, and decay. This dreadful description of Tuscan convents is irre- \- sistibly authenticated by documents emanating from some of tlio nuns who have occupied them. "Italy become free; and among the first symptoms of moral and mental emancipation was her suppression of the monastic and conven tual systems. Tho prison-houses of Rome were thrown open and the prisoners were set at liberty. In this way! found myself outside tho convent walls, in shattered health, in . a strange country, and with a small government peusiou to subsist upon. Through the kindness . of a servant in the convent I found this lodging j tho landlady was a friend of hors, and as the convent is only a few miles from hence, and Prato is on the railway line, I easily made my way hither. You will ask me about the priest ; the ruffian, ho betrayed, ill-treated, and aban doned mc. Oh, if God did not give me grace I would hato that man with a deadly hatied ; to him I owo my apostacy from God, my shame, my mental agony, my bodily decay, and my death ; but in spite of him I preserved my Bible, and, . by God's gracious dealings with me, the memory of what I learned in my eirly days. To you, Jane," she said, fixing hor eyes on Jane Bennett, who sat near her, and taking her by the hand, "I owo those sweet lessons of; a Saviour's pardoning love to which I turned in seasons of solitude and anguish ; and blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, He Bent tho Holy Spirit to prepare my heart for them : I awoke from my horrible dream of Popery, idolatry, blasphemy, and impurity. I was enabled to look to Jesus. My Bible opened up to me a new world of thought and feeling. A light shouo upon its pages which,, to my eyes, had never shone there before ; but I have found out the reason : I had never . sought for God's, pardoning mercy there until now. I was not j prepared to find Jesus there. Blessed he my heavenly Father 1 I have sought Him in the agony of my polluted soul, and He has revealed Himself to my groanings ' a lamb as it had been slain' in tho midst of. the throne of God : His sovereigu remedy for sin aud all its bitter conse quences, able to savo to the uttermost — I know it all now. To the cross, to tho blood, to the 'precious death and burial,' to the 'glorious resurrection and ascension' of Jesus I now look, and to those alone. "iMajor Knox tolls me, Mary, you have three dear children. 1 wish I could see them, but I nover shall. Como here, Mary dear, bend down your head, let mo whisper something iu your ear. My two babies are down in that deep hole near the coal-cellar, and heaps of lime upon them. That villain baptised tbem, aud ho and the inothor abbess strangled them. Aud there- they lie— or all that remains of them — with, scores of others, new-born ones disposed of in, tho same way. Oh, liow different my fato and, yours !" To say this much seemed the last effort of which tho dying one was capable. Her eyes closed, licr hands relaxed, her head fell, and sho- was motionless. Jane and Mary together leant over her. Firs. Rumford seemed to loso all power of exertion, and Mr. Chichester looked bewildered. They thought all was over; bnt. presently sho opened her eyes, and with a faint 3inile on her lips said, " I fear I have alarmed you. No, I am not gone yet. I liave still something to do. Will Mr. Chichester just bend down his head tome?" Ho did so and she whispered, "When they got me into that English convent they drew up a will for me,, which they mado me sign, leaving all my property to tho convent. I want to revoke, that, and bequeath my property to my relations. Will you telegraph to Mr. Boyd, No. — - Via dclla Croce, at Rome, to come to me at 'once. He is an English agent. Major Knox has told me of him, and ho will do everything for me that is necessary in the case." Mr. Chichester did as ho was requested. Mr Boyd camo quite in time to receive Florence's; instructions. The will was made and attested in due course, all legal forms being complied with, and Florence declared herself happy that, she had accomplished an object on which she had set set her heart even within the walls of the Tuscan convent, when the true light began to dawn on hor soul and sho was able to discern the real character of that deadly system of which she had been the dupe and victim. In God's gracious providence she had retained her Bible when sho entered the English convent, but more becauso it was her father's gift to licr iu childhood than for any relish sho had for its contents. For years it lay at tho bottom of her trunk, wrapped up in paper — unread, unheeded. In the dark hour of sorrow and desolation, when the "vile priest," as she correctly named him, spurned and abandoned her, aud in the solitude of her cell, when sweet dreams of youth and home visited her, she began to turn over some little tokens of lovo which sho had received from relations and friends in early days. Then tho loug-forgotten Bible was unwrapped, and sho seemed to hear a voice such as Augustine and Luther heard, " Take up aud read." She read and read, and as her soul soized upon one pre- . cious truth after another, the mist of Popish darkness rolled away, and the true light shone in on her beclouded intellect, and she was free. Sho now restod all her hopes on Jesus, and His perfeot sacrifico on Calvary. She saw no mention of other priests or other sacrifices in the Now Testament dispensation : all that Ritualism and Popery had taught her which she could not find iu God's inspired Word she now ascribed rightly to the inventions of men for their own purposes, aud she folt sure she never could havo accepted such teaching, by which so ., called priests rob God of liis glory and man of a free and full salvation, had she not been blind to her own state before God, and therefore un prepared for the simple truth proclaimed by Jesus and His apostles. Now sho knew herself to be a sinner, and by the teaching of the Holy Ghost clung only to the death and resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Her end was peaco. Dear Jane Bennett clung to her with unwearied devotcdness until sho closed her oyes in death.. Biblo in hand she sat day and night besido her pillow, and rehearsed to ber all tho lessons of her childhood, which now seemed to her like sweet music from afar. Marv and her husband remained with her to. tho last, and her almost brokeu-hearted mother strove, in spite of bodily infirmity, to retrieve in some measure the sad errors to which her dying .child might well ascribe all tho sin and sorrow through which she had passed. Both now knew better. God in His infinite mercy had snatched them as " brands plucked out of the fire," whilst others with whom they had been associated, , there is reasou to fear, perished in their sinsT T This .was the doing of Him who, givetli no account of His matters, but who still proclaims in, the midst of a rebellious aiul dying world, " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketn away the sin of the world." Prom that humble lodging, far from country and home, were soon borne to the cemetery, the remains of the lovely, intellectual, and accomplished Florence Sackvillo llumford, a victim to tho impostures of Ritualism and the " blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits " of the Church of Romo. She found peace in her lattor end, only because God in the exercise of His mercy and grace opened her eyes and showed her the internal corruption and vilonoss for which neither Romanism nor its wretched Anglican copy has any remedy, but which tho blood of Jesus once for all shed on Calvary can entirely and eternally remove. ( Concluded. J 