Carters Cross. A LEGEND OF THE BLACK HILLS. Fifteen years ago, at the close of a lovely September day, a certain lieute- nant of Engineers, of the United States army (who need not, for the purposes of this narrative, be further indentified, found himself riding, solitary and fatigued, along the northern edge of the Great American Desert, in the then territory of Nebraska, returning to his station at Fort Laramie, still two days' journey distant, from a hunting excur- sion to Long's Peak. At the moment when he attracts our attention he was casting about him for a place in which to encamp, and pass the night. Inured to the hardships of life on the plains, even the sterile desert would have contented him as a resting- place for a single night ; but water was a necessity for his horse as well as himself, and he now inclined his course towards a range of lofty hills, the blue outline of which was distinctly visible on the western horizon. An hour of swift riding brought him to the foot-hills of the range ; and, leav- ing the barren plains behind him, he entered upon a broad savanna, carpeted with a luxuriant growth of the famous mesquit-grass of that region and watered by a brawling steamlet, the head-waters of a branch of the South Fork of the Platte River. Pausing only long enough to allow his horse to drink, he continued his course along the northern bank of the stream, and soon entered a narrow valley, whence the rivulet emerged, and which promised better shelter than the more open meadow-land. Gradually ascending as he advanced, this valley at last brought him to a level with the crest of the foot-hills, and into the mis't of a noble grove of red- wood trees clustered at the base of a lofty cliff forming part of the main range. Here were water, wood, and shelter, — all the requisites for forming a comfortable hunter's camp ; and our lieutenant lost no time in taking possession of his quarters for the night. His fire kindled, his horse picketed where it could obtain abundance of grass, and his own simple meal dis- cussed, there was still an hour or more of day-light left, which the lieutenant thought could be profitably employed in exploring the neighbourhood of his camp — not so much because he feared molestation, either from Indians or wild 1k-- ?? «p ?* .? . i:\rd against being \- tat!feinfnTsrw:izv.V-. — z — r-da-.j,. .- '? -~^ present itself. The scene presented was grand in the extreme, but gloomy and peculiar in no ordinary degree. On either hand, and behind him, towered lofty masses of rugged rock, black and bare and seer as if scathed by lightning, and piled in bewildering confusion, one upon the other, as though gaints, in sport, had there built themselves a monument. No trees, or verdure of any kind, relieved the sombre barrenness of these black pinnacles and mounds, and the still more gloomy chasms that divided them seemed a fit abode of gnomes, and the very abomination of disola- tion. In front of him, and far down be- neath his feet, stretched out the broad expanse of the green savanna, gently diversified by the rolling foot-hills and beyond this lay the sterile waste of the desert, its stony surface half obscured by clouds of arid dust and wearying the gaze with its never-ending sameness and monotony. Over all the scene the full, red sun, descending in the west, cast a lurid glow that rendered its effect upon the mind still more depressing. But upon the platform itself there were other objects, plainly disclosed by this ruddy light, more strange and awe-inspiring than even the sublime disolation of the vast landscape. Under the overhanging shelf of rock at the rear of the platform the lieutenant now saw a large hut, rudely built of rough logs and plastered with clay. From the manner in which it rested against the cliff it was probable that this .xlriii'teil masked the mouth of a small civo, which thus served as a part of tlje '.habitation. . Tho inirow doorway of the hut w.as eSosetl by :i luinging curtain of tleerskiK sis was also :i smaller opening at the side, answering the purpose of a window. There was no chimney, and the still Mucking emliei-s of a large lire in front «-f iire? doorway seemed U~- assert that 1 i«- euUn.-iry oj^ratious of the inhabitant «.-f flu- Jiut were perfomed in the open air. Br.t all 11io.tr things, though surpris ing lierttuw? thi-y were unexpected in tt'.-M i;;i:'hiti-d ::p«»t. r-xciteil much less Wi)iid*-r in th« lieutenant's mind than an ol-jt'i I .of u -truly jtnmge :md start ling character ?* hieh Le saw in the fore ground «f tls^ ^krturo. This was a jiujre and cumbrous cross forau-d of twrt votighly hewn red-wood lojts, morticed together at right angles :md supported in. an upright possible by rLe siuipie p«pen«wnt of thrustiu? the ':' -.-f of its j«:.i.'«-:*t !iiiib into the mid^tof ?a pile of Iaree sfco;i»'s. Ut^in this ni'te cnieiCxhung the body r,{ a mar. — or -w hat had one*1 been the 1-odv of a man. for it was now little n-orn than a skeleton covered and. held tnqether bra-f»sfe*»iEent-iikr skia tanned almost to Madsaess by exposure to t!ie sun and air. . ' ^ \ It was evident *$* glance that this unsightly renmaut of mortalit.7 had hun« there for a long time, gradually drying and withering away in the salubrions air which would not permit it actually to decay. Bewildered by thisshocking spectacle, the lieutenant advanced to examine it more closely, and as he did so, received the Anal surprise of that eveutful even ing. A man, who had been seated up/on t'ue pile of stones which supported the cross in such a manner as to be fconcealed by it the officer was close upon him rose up suddenly at hi* ap;,^, and' confronted him with mc-nacing aspect A tall, gaunt roan, almost as fleshless as the skeletal thrjc hung above him on the crucifix, with hollow cheeks and deep-set ey&i; that glared from under the peDthous^sofhis black brows with a vivid £re betokening a crazed or fevered brr^m ? Not an old man, for the tangled locks flowing in matted masses down upon his shoulders, and the long, luxuriant beard which quite sovered his breast, had no trace of gray amid their jetty blackness ; hut his thin, sallow face was marked deeply with the furrows that are always drawn by the cruel plough share of sorrow, and there -was in his ?whole aspect the unmistakable expres sion of a corroding care which kad sapped Ms physical and mental man hood through long years of trial and grief, until he stood there the mere wreck and shadow of humanity — a soul with scarcely enough, bodv to hold it down to eartn. That soul, it -was plain, filled with remorse and despair, had fretted long to be realised from its mundane im prisonment, and, like a sharp sword continually moving in its frail scabbard had cut and worn away his once stalwart frame, so that it needed but a few more struggles to free itself entirely. This startling apparition — for he looked more like a ghost than a man — was clad in a tattered dress of deerskin, the ordinary garb of a hunter on the Plains, and his attenuated hands grasped a long, heavy rifle, which he instantly presented at the breast of the astonished intruder. For a moment the latter had good cause to fear for his life ; hut if he vras a madman, as his solitary residence on that rock, his surroundings and his ap pearance, seemed to testify, it was with a madness not without method ; for when he perceived that the lieutenant made no effort to touch ths revolver, with which he was armed, he lowered the '»-?♦*? o£ the rifle to the earth, £aud his susp^ on gave way to inquiry. *' 'Who are you %' he asked, in hollow tone° ~ ' curtly, when he had fully eV imined the new-comer. 'Ralph w»~t-Hr-li«-a *i«t many visitors nowa J.iys, and I don't know j'ou.' His hearer at first thought, and very naturally, that the name he thns meu tioned was his own, and that its use was intended as au introduction of him self ; but the glance he cast at the ghastly object on the cross, and the manner in which he uttered the name, seemed to prove that it rightfully be longed to the dead man. The subse quent conversation confirmed this idea beyond doubt ; and the lieutenant soon found that the most singular thing about this strange- recluse was his invariable reference of everything to the dead man rather than to him self. ' I am a officer stationed atLaramic/' said the lieutenant, in reply to the abrupt question addressed to him. ' I am here by accident, and without the slightest idea that anyboiy lived on this barren l'ock. I hope I don't in trude r The hunter seemed to ponder for a moment ere he replied. ' No,' he said, at last, in a musing tone ; I don't think you intrude. No body does live here, you see. Ralph Carter is dead here ; but X don't think he cares whether he has visitors or not,' ' Don't you live here, then V asked the officer in surprise, glancing at the fire and the hut. '? We stay here,' returned the hunter, cooly, ' Ralph and I. That don't look much like living, does it V he added, abruptly, 'waving his hand towards the cross. ' It would be rather tiresome if we had to live that way always. No ; we're dead, as I told you before. There can't be any doubt about it.' The lieutenant began to feel de cidedly uncomfortable, not to sayafraid. Th5s constant identification of Linuelf -»vith the dead man on the part of the h voter filled the officer with an involun tary dread, as if he reali V stood in the presence of a ghost. 'WTio are yon?' he asked, nervously, receding a few paces from the other as he spoke, 'I'm Jlalph Carter's gaoler!' he cried inockh-gly. ' My brothers keeper, d'vesee? Ho, ho, ho! I've kept him safe now, for A^ven long years.' There was n-» longer any doubt in the officer's mind thai the strange hermit, upon whom he hivd thus accidentally stumbled, was a lnuatie ! and lit was equally clear that insanity was con nected with the mystery of the body on the croes. Great ^as our adventurer's curiosity was to solve the enigma of the spectacle before him, prudence dictated that this was neither the time nor place to make the attemot. TheTsun had descended beneath the horizon* and the grimson glow of its setting was rapidly vanislung before iJje approach ot. night. The; gray shadows of iirilight already enelojgid the njosintain, and vrere swiftly creep ing over the great plain at its foot The hour -was ghostly, and the situation still more afwul and depressing. Be sides, the wild glare of hate and rage which had at first saluted him in the eyes of the madman was now returning to them. It was plain that the con tinued presence of the lieutenant began to irvitate the recluse ; and while he ?dentally resolved that lie would return and investigate the mystery, the wise engineer decided that his best course, now, was to beat a retreat as speediiy and disoreetly as possible. But when he attempted to put this design into execuution, he found, to use an old adage, that he had reckoned entirely without his host. With that curious instinct which all lunatics seem to possess in a greater or less degree, this one intantly divined that the lieutenant was afraid of him. Nor was it any shame to the officer's manhood that he should fear the wild recluse; for to use violence againse one so afflicted was repugnant to him, and he knew it would be a struggle for dear life if the madman attacked him. Perhaps, too, the lunatic's cunning led him to suspect that, if he allowed his unbidden visitor to depart, he would return again to discover the secret of his solitary life in that lonely spot. Be these things as they may, it is certain that, at the first movement the officer made in retreat, the hunter levelled his rifle and commanded him. to halt Promptness in action was the only thing that could serve the hitter in this dire emergency and he drew his revolver on the instant Wildly the echoes rattled from crag to crag as the two shoots simultaneously broke the silence reign ing in that wilderness. The hunter's bullet providentially missed his adver sary but before the latter could ascertain if his own shot had been equally useless or prepare to discharge another, the weapon was stricken from his hand, and his throat was seized in the madman's deadly grip. Long and desperate was the struggle that ensued ; well was it for our adven turer that his muscles were strong and his body trained to endurance. Though worn and wasted, his antagonist was a man of iron, and now he was endowed with the double strength of the despera tion of in insanity. To and fro they reeled about the rockv -nlatform. now approaching near its dizzy verge, now trampling among the smouldering embers of the fire — scattering the sparks in a whirling shower high above their heads — and now bruising each other with crashing force against the wall of stone behind'the hut The sinewy fin gers of the recluse fcighiened about the lieutenant's throat, until his brain whirled with the agony of the thought that he was dying. Still Le. continued to struggle, as became a man and a soldier, but hope was fast deserting him ; and, indeed, nothing could have saved him if his adversary had been unwounded. Fortunately the lieutenant's bullet had taken effect, and just at the critical moment when he could no longer resist loss of blood from a severe wound in the side conquered the lunatic's strength The grasp was suddenly relaxed so that the officer ^could inspire a breath of refreshing ah1, and one lost, desperate effort enabled him to hurl his antagonist senseless to the earth, though he fell beside him almost equally powerless. When the lieutenant recovered con sciousness, after a moment or two of complete oblivion, he started to his feet without realizing his situation, but urged by an undefined feeling of fear, as if he had awakened from a hideous dream. A single glance around him restored his recollection of what had passed ; and the scene itself was scarcely calculated to banish the terror that had seized npon him. At his feet lay the body of a strange hunter, and above the dreadful tableau hung the dead and fleshless body on the cross. Seating himself on a stone of tho old breastwork, the engineer endeavoured to recruit his exhausted strength, while he pondered over the startling events of the evening, and attempted to decide his future course. Believing that his late antagonist was quite dead, he had deemed it useless to examine him ; but, after the lapse of several minutes, a groan and a movement of the postrate from made known to him the fact that the hunter still lived. In an instant he was at his side, and raising the fallen man's head, he poured between bis lips a few drops of whisky which chanced to remain at the bottom of of his hunting-flask. It was an immense satisfaction to find that this scanty stimulant had the effect of reviv ing the wounded hunter ; and having assured himself of this lieutenant ven tured to leave him in order to light a fire. It was now dark, andit wasnecessary to procure a light ot some kind, so as to be able to examine the injured man's hurts, and render him assistance, Tliere was plenty of fuel near the hut, and in a few moments a bright blaze streamed upward into the night, enabl ing our adventurer to move about treelyand search the ruins sf the hut for anything that would aid him in caring for his late adversary. Fortun ately the quest vras rewarded' by the discovery of a* feeg of whisky, and filling his flask from this, he hastened back to the Eunter's side. When the latter had swallowed a few' mouthf ids of the potenr liquor, he re^ gained sufficient strength, to sit tip witfe his baefc against the rock ; but it' was plain to the experienced eye of &e; officer that he had bnt a short time to lire. {To be Ccntbraud^ 