TUESDAY. DECEMBER 10, 1879. The educational controversy has brought j about some strange combinations. On the j platform it has exhibited a union between | Protestants and Roman Catholics, and in the j Legislature it has led to an alliance between j Denomina tiona lists and Secularists. Heads of j Churches whose interests have been supposed to be as wide as the poles asunder have begun to quote and to commend each other, and j politicians who, on this subject at least, have ; hitherto had nothing in common, arc ¡ now agreeing to pull together. A euri- j ons illustration of this new order of j things was furnished in the Assembly on Thursday. The clause under discus- sion provided for the general religious teaching which has hitherto been a part of the ordinary school curriculum. The extreme Secularists voted against the' clause, and in .doing so were at least consistent. Tho De-' nominationa lists voted against it also, and in doing so were anything but consistent. The complaint of this class hus been that the Public school system secularises primary education. Tiley tell us that it is the business of the State to couple godliness and learning, and to entrust the task of doing this to the. schoolmaster. The extra religious lessons have been objected to, because thev do not come within tho ordinary school eour.se, and because they impose upon the clergy a linty which belongs to tho teacher. But tho general religious teaching is open to no such objection. This teaching is given by the teacher, and conics in as uart of tho regular school work. Not only so, but tho quality of tlie work is tested by the inspectors, and its results are'tabulated in the annual reports. Last year no less than lo,ODO children attending Public schools were ex- amined in Scripture subjects, and ] :i,000 passed the examination creditably. It is natural enough that Secularists should hold that ail this is beside tho object for which Stn ta sup- ported schools exist, but Denominationalists hold no such views. They tell us that tho State is bound to subsidise .religion, and.yet, when the PIIKMIKU propones' to retain a reli- gions provision which has been tried, and which has done nobody any harm, tiley form common cause with the Secularists; and vote for its exclusion. It is surely not to the point to say, in de- fence of inconsistency of this kind, that the Denominational school teacher is the only person qualified to undertake this function. The very class who would now have us be- lieve that thc I\iblio school teachers are unlit to teach religion, have of late been asking us to admit that there is no difference-, whatever between the two classes of teachers, that they are made of the same materials, that they undergo the same training, and are subject to the same discipline. Tho "real secret of tho opposition of tile Denomationalists to the general religious teaching is not found in the superior quálilieatious of Denominational teachers. Captain ONSLOW hit the nail on the head when he said that if the Iidman Catholics could not get religion taught in their own way they were resolved that it should not be taught at all. Much of the talk about religion which this con- troversy has produced looks too much like « pretence. What is wanted is not the teaching of religion, but the establishment of eccle- siastical control. Xo one maintains that tho Scripture lessons which have been so long taught in Public schools are all that could be desired, and if an improved series of lessons were introduced the advantages gained might still be comparatively small, but from the standpoint of men Who would have us believe thut it is the business of the State to support religion, and that they are afraid that Christianity will die out of the land, these advantages must surely be held to be good so far as they go. Tho Oenominationulists tell \is that such advantages are worth nothing, because they do not como through tins Clnuvh, and tho PnnMrKit, who, much to his credit, has been expatiating on the importance ol' a national faith, is denounced as a Secularist and what not, while those who would clear the Public school course of everv vesLigo of religion, claim to be moved by a regard for tlie interests of Christianity. It is to be feared tliat they are moved ratlit by a spirit of hostility to the Publi school system, and by a determinatio: to resist every effort that will increase it efficiency. It has lately been pointed mi that the extreme secularism of tho Victoria; system is due rather to tho perversity ol' th Denominntionalists than to the tyranny o the Secularists. Heads of Churches have per sistently refused to lend any aid towards tin j improvement of the system, apparently o; the ground that tile more obnoxious Publii schools aro made the. stronger will be Un excuse for demanding a separate syston for Kornau Catholics. The debate ii the Assembly on Thursday last woulc seem to indicate that this policy - ii to be attempted here. If so, ii behoves all those who are concerned for tht success as well as for the efficiency of om Public schools, not to lend their aitl in thc currying of it out. There can be nothing in common between the two classes of members who voted against the provision for general religious teaching. The one class wonts to perfect the Public school system, tho other wants to destroy it. The one desires to place primary education under the control of the State, the other wants it kept in whole or in part under the management of the Church. This is exactly the meaning of the excited oratory with which Dr. VACGHAÏT favoured his audience at St. Mary's on Sunday evening, " Christi- anity is to become a ghost, tho empty mockery of what it was, and tho old pagan- ism is to taite possession of the world intensi- fied by modern refinement, and the vices of the nineteenth century," not if religion is not taught in schools, but if the schools are not left in the bauds of the denominations. That is really what the issue of the contro- versy amounts to. The question to be settled is whether the State is to control tis well as to pay for public education, or whether the payment is to remain with tho State and t.ha control with tho Church. Wo aro fighting Bald Dr. VAUGHAN, " for fair play, for Geniality with others, wo claim to hi ing up Catholic children in Catholic schools, and to receive our share of State assistance for secular instruction as tested by Govern- ment inspectors." Tin's is just what others do not reçoive, and what they would not get if they wanted it. Other denominations do not bring up their children in their own schools, and do not receive their share of State assistance for secular instruction, and this Dr. VAUGHAN must know as well as everybody oise. What Dr. VAUGHAN ÍB fighting for, therefore, is not religious equality, but religious domination. He asks that Haman Catholic schools may be kept up at the expense of the public at lurge, and not at that of Hornau Catholics themselves. This demand is now' urged, not by argument merely, but by open throats. ? The Hollian Catholics an; commanded to listen to their bishops, and the Legislature Í3 warned of its fate if it does not listen to Roman Catholics. " Mark every man who votes on that 2üth clause ; remember that a day of account will inevitably como, let us return no more bad Catholics to Parliament to trade on tho Catholic name and disgrace the Catholic cause ; let us support good tried Catholics and liberal Protestants like Mr. TOOTH, who will stand up for Denomina- tional schools or for paymont by results." It is probable that tactics of this kind on the part of those.'who are resolved to have Deno- minational schools will load to similar tactics by those'who are resolved not to have them ; but whether they do or not, they show to what extremes tho Roman Catholic hierarchy are resolved to go to compass their ends. These extremes Juive failed elsewhere, and it will be for the people of this country to say Avhether they shall succeed here. It is clear that the points in dispute are fast becoming, not whether there is to bo religious educa- tion or not, but whether this part of our public policy is to bo settled at tho dictation of Archbishop VAUGHAN or by the delibera- tion of tlie Legislature of New South Wales. Tile fresh disturbances in Afghanistan wliich we reported yesterday show that the entrance of the British into Cabul has not boon followed by the tranquillity which was so confidently anticipated. General HoBKiirs has done Iiis best to persuade tho Afghans to accept tho British yoke, but they aro not disposed to do this as long as they can see a chance of resistance. Tito British General hus done everything in Iiis power to bring the mass of thc people to listen to reason, He hus called their chiefs to his counsel and luis directed thc existing authorities to carry on their local administrations as heretofore. Notwithstanding the attack on the i Residency, the city of Cabul has been spared, uiul in uur treatment of tho inhabitants justice has been tempered with pity. But clemency is a quality which is aa little prized by tlie Afghans as it is practised by them. Tlie hill tribes aro deter- mined to conquer tho British or to be conquered by them, and the extent to which tho war spirit I In« now taken possession of these semi-savage , people is a serious one. Hitherto our troops have ! been attacked by marauding tribes, which they I havo had no difficulty in dispersing, and very little fear has been entertained of a general rising. Such a rising, however, appears to have now taken place. General ROBERTS has telegraphed that there has been a coalition of tribes hostile to the Eng- lish. From the number that attacked the British troops, under tlie leadership of MAHOMED JAX, it is to be infoiTed that there has been a rising of the population as well as of tho army. About tho ultimate issue of the conflict there am bo little doubt.-For the moment, however, the situation seems to be critical. The force under the command of General ROBERTS is said not to oxceèd 5000 ; and although victory hos fallen to the lot of the British, the struggle seems to have been a pretty equal one. It is clear 'that tlie project of tranquillizing Afghanistan by sur- rendering the government to a native ruler is a less likely one than it w¡is some time ago. The recommendation of somo of tho Liberals of the motlier country is that wo should retire from tile new frontier, go back to the Indus, and leave the Afghans to take care of themselves. The next scheme for the settlement of our difficulties is to annex tlie whole of Afghanistan, and to keep' the Afghans in subjection as we do the Hindoos. Tlie most likely policy, however, is one of disintegra- tion, by which Western Afghanistan will be handed over to some friendly Power, perhaps Persia, leaving tlie eastern part of the country in the hands of the British. Tho first question, how- ever, is that of pacifying or conquering the turbu- lent hill tribes, and the information that we have been receiving for some time past tends to show that this task is becoming more and more difficult. The Appropriation Act which passed in May of last year contains three items voted for thc purpose of encouraging tho gold mining industry of tlie colony. One is a reward of a thousand pounds for tlie discovery of gold in payable quantiles ju quirts-veins, lodes, or reefs between certain depths. Auother is a reward of a siinihu amount for the discovery of new gold-fields. Thc third is a sum of live thousand pounds to assist in prospecting for gold upon tho Crown lauds of the colony under rulc3 prepared by the Executive and approved by Parliament. In replying to a question upon tho matter a few days ago, Mr. BAKER intimated that tho two tirst-nmned sums had not yet boen appropriated, but of tiie last there had been ¿'2040 expended up to date, and tho whole amounts appropriated were £11)57 for tlie Southern gold- fields, £47» for tho Northern, and £343!) for tlie Western, the whole having been sanctioned by Iiis predecessor in office, Mr. W. H. SUTTOR. What result ha3 the colony gained as a recompenso for this expenditure Í Hitherto, it must be confessed, the results have been very unsatisfactory, perhaps necessarily so from the character of the prospect- ing' agencies employed. Private enterprise may do" well enough for testing and working fields known to bc auriferous. But for tho sustained, persevering, scientific exploration of a district it is too desultory and quite incompetent. For such an exploration the first requisite is an accurate acquaintance with the geology of the country ; the second a good practical knowledge of gold mining under various condi- tions. The Government has in its employ already gentlemen fully competent in respect of tho first, and if they had been naide responsible for tho exnendituro of these stuns, there would have been a butter guarantee for thorough ana sysnsiiiunu prospecting. Three-fifths of tho whole vote have beeil appropriated for tho western district, and so far tile colony possesses no better knowledge of its auriferous wealth than it did before. There ara other tilings besides gold that should be the subjects of geological research ; for a large part of tiro interior nothing isso much wanted as permanent water. Could not the diamond drill be employed by the Government on some portions of that great estato of which they are the guardians, so as to anticipate the settler and render his acquisition of. a homestead easier and less precarious ? On this point Mr. RUSSELL'S letter in our issue of Saturday is well worth j perusal. In the metropolis itself, also, there is a j geological problem well worth solving. It is the probable existenco of coal-fields connecting those of tho North with those of the South. Already experiments have been made by private enterprise in that direction, but with results not yet satisfac torj'. It may be that the process of denudation in remote ages has swept away the coal treasures from the basin of the Parramatta and the Hawkesbury ; or it may be that those treasures still exist at a payable depth from the surface. In either case < Ji« nniVilniu ia worth aolvintr. And it is just one of tho» which the Government, as the greatest land- owner, might probably take up should private enterprise Begin-to bo discouraged. j 