Hay Hosiutal meeting this afternoon. .PuRmTuitE.— Mr. Entterworth's sale^ at '?The Club,'' announced to come off yester day, has been postponed until to- dny. CSee ad,vt.);:;:; /'? ; ' /-;' ' ?' ? ????'?'? -?' ' ? : Ckiokbt MATCic.-r-The match betwoen an eleven cricketers ^froin Booligal and an elevon of the Hay Union Cricket Club, camo off on Thursday-last, on a piece of ground near the race paddock fonce, aiid resulted in a victory for the visiting' team by 15 runs.. The Booli galites arrived on Wedn esday, in a fourin h'ahd trap driven by Mr T. Patterson, of Ulohgo, haviiig done the ..distance, we' are' in formed; in tho short time'of -JJ- hours. They will probably leave again for Booligal to-day, and a return match) to be played at Booligal at .E^ster-tide, i6 spoken of. Our report of the match cannot appear in this number, ow ing to pressure on our space, but. will bo pub lishcdon Wednesday next. , ?;..?.. Rainfall.— Tho following is tho rainfal at Booabula during the year 1878 :— ;'; Month. :?' No. of Days. ?...;????? :; -. .... . i . Inches. Juunry ............' 0 ? :..... oo February.'...;....*.-.. U ? .i.;.823 Mkrcli.............. 5 ...; ? , '4 88 April...........,;.. 5 ? .......': ].C0 M»y.. -.'..).. ? 4, ? 031 ' June: ;.;....;..:.... 8 ? 120 : 3a\y. ? 9 -..' ? 3.05 August ? 5 ? 0.01 September .......... (i ? .....0.75 October ............ !) ? i...,. 2.11 November ? , 4 ? .;........ 0$a December ...,,..,.. .0 .................. o.O Totar.t;....j..l.. 01: ? '24 04 The greatest amount of rainfall during 24 hours was 0 In. 20 pts., during 4th and 5th Fobruary. The least U In. 02 ph., on the27tb April.-Booabula. Wangauell., !(!? Jan., 1879. _-„. tfttrt.iag.B .-«. , ; Mr. Stanley's Afmcan ExrLoitAiioNs.-— Mr. H. M. Stanloy had, on AVednerday even ing, at St. James's Hall, London, ah-audienco so numerous and a welcomo so hearty and eij* thusiastic as must Jiave gono far to'-? ' ,1 pensrttin'g hini for' the per'''- ...,«rtfqtSttfti-' had endured dun''- ' .-» md ilM'ditetts h'o 'dark co-1- ? -.# his |l«J t^rottgh tho n-' .-.meijt. H-a tWSe ifot ]\te 'tatiic on .uia ocoaBttMi IWS la-st Aftica-h jo-t-irnoV. and bftVittg ftnttottittod that h'6 Wottld W6t detain ! the audienco With £eogrtphicai '6r scientific '? details, pWceeded to describe lug ioumov to the mouth, of of the Cgr,g0, or iivi^stLe Many of the moments o.ttU adventures that followed xiave nlrt'ady been made familiar 0 cue public through Mr. Stanley's book,' but they derived fresh interest from feS quiet, and unpretending r -Jci&l.; Previous lo Iheleti;,. ^'W«'3 favourite page, a»ve, ' .ecraed much imp ,3ed with tbo Idnd , .-earty reception au orded him. ClIAlH-lOK Wre.TLJN-G W M\V ^isALASb. — ihe lJ«nedin Gon'espoudtint or the Nfew U iS V mi* WftbtlihS matcU for *M a l *™ f f ^° «*nmpion belt of Otago took ^ between John Tyson, the present cham pion, and lhotnas,.of Eaglehawk, tho Vic torian champion. Thomas wus challensdr, and came to Ota?oui,ddcfentt-d J3iitt« for 100 buys , auouc a lonnight a-o\ riWinsccmence ?Uousiderabld play took place when the men came together but it W,is ovfdum tHitt Hife-t would acveMnktt wM.Wtfteff o*n 'motion, and Vheu they We ^ut Ingether by the judges f-ysoti tVetiuently slipped his :. hold, and his wresthng throughout was marked by great want of pluck, and the crowd hooted. How ever, by sheer brute force he twice m buccos sipn. threw Ihornas, and during the stniggle Lysoiidono the same, he would not lmVe \VoiU Os toVen^er iftlij W bheiupt was m'ule ^^MVo K^.Huibert. APmaTrir!y dVeSe^, approached the royal carnage and endeavoured to poinard His Majesty. Sig nor Canola, the Premier, in grappling/with the assassin, was wounded in the thigh. His Majesty, who drew his mvoi'd, hlso t«»'e!Ved ascratch.' The mail, who is 'a coble, and tweiity niiie .yeatti at age, on being examined, said he TOlonged to no society, but being poor, had cherished feelings of hatred toward the Kin-' The poinard, with which the man was arrta* was attached to a flagstaff whfcR liore a rod flag with the mc'tyttbti, 'Viva la-repuhlicia universal.' Later intelligence says that IVilig Humbert has received more than two thousand telegrams, congratulating him on his escape from assassination. Passanante, it is asserted, reiterates his regret that he did not succeed, and says he attempted the deed in tho full expectation that he would be torn to pieces by the mob. He had no malice against the King, but loathed the monarchy, which had become so popular m His Ma|u-ty''s pel-son-. The Pope Was 0110 ot1 the first to congratulate tho Kin* on his Ustiajte, ami has since further doim so I-J- letter. Carioliia re covering rapidly. It is stated that the Pope will Bhoi- tly issue a special encyclical letl-er, denouncing socialism, with special rel'i'iviu-e id 1110 attemptou assassination of the tim poror. of Germany and the Kings of Spain ami Italy.' His Holiness will also draw' the at tention of the Government to the crime com mitted against the State amf society. Lord Goooh has been brought- up at Marl borough-street police court, and several times remanded, on a charge of cons-piracy to palm ofiV.a child upon Sir F. Gooch as his own child, but which had been obtnintd from a hospital. The evidence against Lady Gnoch appears to be conclusive. The child, il'lcgiii mate would have been heir tni?2f),0U0|ieryu;ir. Ministerial.— The re-election of Minis ters is proceeding satisfactorily. Messrs. Lackey and Suttor have been returned unop posed. . Sir Henry Parkes defeated Mr. Wheeler by an overwhelming m.ijoi-iiy. Messrs. Hoskins and Baker will each Iwvh'si walk over. Two persons have been nn'ii tioned as likely to oppose Mr. Watson ; tlioy are Mr. Burns, of the Durrowa Times, ami Mr. M'Lean, of Sydney. Tub ' Herald ' Biiiivkd fWr -n,,, office of the Melbourne Herald was. totally destroyed by fire at 0 30 on Saturday morn ing. The whole of the machinery was ren dered useless. The proprietors of the Argus and Age newspapers both promptly olfcicl their assistance, and tbo use of their tvpe and machinery in order that there should' In no stoppage in bringing out the paper. The plant of tho Argus was at once thankfully accepted. There is as yet no clue to the origin of tho fire, and the premises and plant were fully insured, so far as their value is concerned, but the delay will disorganise the working of the paper, and thereby cause serious loss. ' The £100 Prize Talk.— The invitation issued by the proprietors of Ihe Sydney Mail to colonial authors and literary aspirants to compete for an award of £100 for the best serial tale, has met with numerous responses. The editor of that journal says, that although tho timo- during which work would be received' did not expire until the close of the year, nlready more than thirty manuscripts had been received, most of which' are of con siderable length, and have a very business-like appearnnco. The labour of perusal has al ready commenced, but necessarily with such a mass of matter to get through will occupy a considerable time. A few of the competitors have omitted, to comply with tho condition requiring a sealed envelope with name, &o.;, enclosed : title of story written exteriorly to be furnished ; and it would bo well for them to repair tho omission while 'there is yet time. At the rate at which manuscripts continue to bo received it appears not impiobable that by tho first of January tboro will have been forty separate works sent in. It is plain, therefore, that tho amount of literary ambition which adequate reward for purely literary work would evoko in tho Australian colonies is very con siderable, and it is reasonable to suppose that among so many aspirants some of distinct merits must bo discoverable: Australian Exploration. — Wohear that Sir Thomas Elder, \\-hohas already shown so great liberality in promoting tho exploration of the unknown regions of Australia, intends shortly to dispatch another expedition into thointerio.1, under ihe command (of Mr Jess Young, who was astronomer to Mr, Ernest Giles's expedition. Mr Young has been in England for Rome timo past making1 preparations for his journey, and sailed for New York, eu routo for Australia, a few days ago. — Academy The Cuampion Eace. — F'11 ' 1 account given bv ♦'? , . ^.yvring'-la tl-8 mial pv ' ...«':d« nf tbSg gFeilLhiU ;i ..cms on fm Y'eHB' DAy \— *- Ohnjil-, pink -stabs 'oFjb #«?; wih-, it) ft.;,ttith *m*' --y fight;- ft* M', Stta'lionoto re'eeiVfl ?(M js«ysv, and tlie third 1(56, so'vs. oiU 6,T the stake. - Throe milcp. Horees foaled, north of ttip liriq allowed .fify , Forfeit to bo/declar'ed and paid to the V.E.C.seure tary h'efore t»A A.m. on the morning of the vfice, or the nominator will be liable for the whole stake. 40 subs, E. E. Jolin«on-Boe'obreW;clHngtol)! aywiibvir I 1 -PAnl&TFro-i;,l'l(bu,i7.i^{3|b.5.,..,1i(Mur^V 1 ?h Wet-son's ell H ITnrloPk,^ yrs, 7«t 3 Hi (Walker) 2 II. Power's br e Bosworth, 0 yrs, 7st 8 Hi (KilduiT) 3 ?I. Hi! Mcstrc's b h C.ilamin, 0 yrs.. Oat. 71b (Brown) 0 .)'. White's b c Ron-loo, 3 yrs., 7st 31b. (Piireott). ... 0 E. De Mestrc's bl e Vulcnn, 3 yrs, 7st3lli (Ivcmy) 0 E. Drcwitt's b f Nerissa, 3yr,sby Hercules— Jessica 7st ? (Milliinison) 0 W. Brown's bl'Mis3 WbiiHer, 3yrs, by Tim Whifller — Mnry, 7st ? .' ? imntri V. Wllljnin't {re Coonprnnln, 9 yrs. 7st31li (Uavls) 0 Betting !,{!..t0 1. Vulemi' t td 2 Weliirig toti1, 4 to 1 Warlock, G to 1 Bosworth, 8 to 1 Calamia. No sooner did tho flag fall than away went Wellington to -fhe [wnXi io\\]oVtcft Vulcan, Warlock and Bosworth, Coongoola, Miss Whifflor, Roodeo and Oalamia, and in this order they proceeded up thd.Hvei1, but befow fe^in)+,,bii*i bfidgB iVelilHgtoii had nea'ded Vulcan, who was three lengths before Warlock, Bosworth and Nerissa, At an in terval might be recognised Coongoola. This order was maintained entering the straight again, and passing the stand Wellington hold a sound lead of Vulcan, Warlock, Nerissa, Mlss- Wljifjjerj jBostfdftllj 6ooilg«)iJiii, Koodits arid Calamia, that being the order, although the lastnamed had made up a considerable quantity of his leaway. Making tho next turn, Warlock headed Vulcan, and Calamia was now witlrhis horses. In the rim up the river Vulcan again headed Warlock, but could not reach Wellington, and leaving the river fpi' thd .ttbattoirs they otico mofo changed jliilcgs; feissit liejilg . fdi-tlf, Udsfrdrttl fifth. LettvhJI^tUtJ gl^ds-Ueliiiid VdldaH ffds beitten, Sii'u g'avbwdyto Nerissa and Bosworth, the latter taking third place at the half-milo post. Thus they entered tho straight, Wellington continuing to lead Warlock, Bosworth and Nerissa — all that wero now left in the race. Wellington came on with a commanding stride and won easily by four lengths, a fine rnee between Wni'ldtik ilrid fldstfdrtli ending in favour tif tho formor by a liec'if; Xciissa1 a bad fourth, followed home by, Yiilcilri'.rind Calamia. Time, 5 min, f-4 set.' OlIISKSfl A^U JAl!AJ-ESt! ' MATERIALS IN Pilillfl.— There is quite a glut of Japanese materials in the Paris market. His Majesty the Mikado having decreed that all his sub jects holding official situations shall dress 'al' Enropeeiie,' they and their wives, the Japanese milliners, who have not seen fashions change for a thousand years, have consigned to Paris the thousands and thou sands ot native dresses which they had in stock, and Parisian ladies are now wearing them as dressing gowns. They are very be coming, and it seems the bright dyes in them will staml any amount ot' Waslildg-j Chinese silltmi skirts, so flue that you can pass. them through a wedding ring, are also being sold in quantities ; but it is comfortable to note that the attempt to introduce Chinese peaked straw hats into fashion has failed hitherto. There is no saying, however, what may hap pen next year, for an exhibitor from tlm Great Moon Empire has importe.l 30.000 of these monstrosities. They are hideous to a degree, resembling the thatch of a hayrick mure than anything I can call to mind. Source of Pbusonai. Brauty. — A. beau tiful person is the natural form of a beautiful soul. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of tho fnires face. A sensual disposition deforms the handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all tho character out of the countenance. A cherished hatred trans forms the most beautiful lineaments into an image of ugliness. It is- as impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad pas sions feeding on the blood, a set of low loves tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit cnlhrowued in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegant mansion with a litter of swine in the basement, a tribe of gipsies in the parlour, and owls and vultures in the upper part. Badness and beauty will no more keep company a great while than poison will consort with health, or an elegant carving survive ihe furnace fire. The experiment of putting them together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvarying result. Tliere is no sculptor like the mind. There is nothing that so refines, polishes, and ennobles fact' and mem as the constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives.in the region of ideas, moonbeams though they be, beeo'mes idealised. There are no arts, no gymnastics no cosmetics which con contribute a tithe so much of the dignity, the strength, the enno bling of a man's looks, as a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an un quenchable enthusiasm. But more powerful still than any of these as a beautifier of tho person is tho overmastering purpose and per vading disposition of kindness in the heart. Affection is 'the organising force in the human constitution. Woman is fairer than man because she has more affection than man. Loveliness is the outside of love. Kindness, sweetness, e-oodwill. a -orevnilinn' rlno'i./, nn,i determination to make others hnppy, make the body a temple of tho Holy Ghost. The soul that is full of pure and generous affec tions, fashions the features into its own an gelic likeness, as tho rose by inlierentimpulso grows in graco and blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal. There is nothing on earth which so quickly transfigures a per sonality, refines, exalts, irradiates with heaven's own impress of loveliness, as a per vading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angels are beautifnl because they aro good, and God is beautiful because Ho is love. ? Christian Globe. Thk Hancock Will Cask.— Tho lega tees havo received within the last few days a sum of £33,000. A fourth of that amount goes to George Hinksman, and a liko amount to Mrs Paine (now Mrs Trance) and Mrs Hinksman gets tho remainder. Thero will bo a few thousands left for subsequent distri bution, but tho whole business will bo wound up in a fortnight. A fbw days ago (reports tho Dubbo Dispatch)', a strange adveijture befel Mr Richard Ridge, superintendent at Monagee. He was returning from an inspection of some country at Cooper's Creek, belonging to Mr W. Wi Richardnon, In his buggy were two coi,life fkifijljes; ft flUitllittf tff felidfts,- W, te VdHleil ertrll'ldges,- fi potind carrier of pow Uer; hiid ii uve-barreileit. revolver, loaded *iyii!Httlr{vin& illonfr jjie War^'|o';, tie hWrd b'Hb 8f Uti? - flogs gtlTwillig, aiid ltiokiiig down discovered the Buggy oh firei Ho .jumped outsat onco itnlinj-ncssed tho horses, and led them nwitf, .Qomingi kcV;. lie found', that Mo lie Ms tiling file AqtieS oik tlie Ap- ples had been burnt to death. He then at tempted to save some of tho luggage, but just as he was leaning over tho buggy the cartridges commenced going off right and leftl,. Bujletfl^eje flying about in nil direc tions; iiiid Us tt/ts.Mt Hi thfee.plaee3,-^pntthe shoulder, skio, and thumb. The wounds wef'o not severe, foitunately only breaking tho skin. About this time Mr Robert Neal, of Cooper's Creek, who was travelling in com pany with Mr Ridge, came up in his buggy. Mr Ridge waved his hand for }\\{Jf SSj.fc?ffi ,,bnc-. buf Mf fetl did not understand what Ma ffie'Htit,' fffid t'-e first intimation ho received of tho stnt-? of affairs w«s fr-?m a bullet, which wished past his ear. The revolver had by this commenced to discharge its leaden load, and iii the meanwhile Mr Bridge (who went to the hoi-ses) had toji'enwlh jn close proximity— the animals being tod ir'igli toiled. £/y tils re port of the catiidges to move. The canister of powder now exploded, and shattered the body of tho buggy, pieces of it flying in all directions. Nothing was now left but the wheels and undercarriage, and Mr Ridge had to travel the remainder of his journey in Mr JNeal s buggy. HuXTINa WITH THK NiZAm's CHEETAHS'. — We movo forward, bound for some knolls and rocks which command an uninterrupted view of the whole plain. Herds of deer' aro scattered about, lazily couching under the treos, or feeding upon the finer herbage on the margin of the pools. Two cradle-like native carts (hackeries), made of sticks and rdrJe,1 eritli 'driWn by a small bulloclcj are liovei-lrig db'dilt lit dip ijistjliiddj itiid each has lying down on- its floor a liuiititfg' (jife'titiiJJ hooded, fastened, and dinnerless. Tho chase begins. From our vantage ground we see one cart cautiously driven towards a herd of antelopes, and approaching them unseen and unnoticed, When within some forty or fifty yards the cart stops, a keeper jumps into it slips and tlnlloods tho cheetah, who is down on tlio tilrf in the twinkling of an eye, Ho sees tile gf-'asiing aiiiiiials: aiid foi-t'lmith lie begins to work towards diem: Step' b£ ste'p1 stealthily he adva'-.ices, stalking every inch with measured, cat- like footfall, and taking advantage of every inequality of the ground, every tuft of grass, and every little boulder of. rock, to cover his approach. Pace by pace onwards — now a dead stop— down for a moment ho crouches. Inch by inch, he creeps nearor and nearer, behind a granite boulder he lays crouched for an instant, then on to its crest he crawls, and now with an overwhelm ing leap, a tremendous 'bound, and ho is fly ing, feet through tho air, into tho very midst of the herd. A largo fat buck — the consort of many does, the paterfamilias of numerous fawns, and Who has been browsing a little apar't from his household, has attracted the cheetah's attention. But the buck has seen his dread enemy just in lime, and flies for dear life over the scrub, over the turf, amo'ni*; the palms. The cheetah follows close, now gaining, now losing ground. The chase is most exciting, and from our elephant's backs wo see every yard of it. Now it seems cer tain the deer, fleeter of foot, will escape; his springs and bounds aro telling on the heavier and slower cheetah. But no; tho 'stay'' of that animal is greater, and his thirst for blood insatiable. For some minntos more the hunt continues ; the deer doubles back from a tope of trees, and comes into the open — a fall in the lay of tho land gives the cheetah a momentary advantage ; he sees it — one, two leaps, and he is on the deer's back and pins him fastly down. , There is a cry, a struggle, an endeavor to bring the sharp horns into action ; but the weight and strength of Jtthata is overpowering, and it is all up with the lord of that herd — tho hinds are widows, and the fawns fatherless. The keepers come up ; they cut tho throat of the dying- stag, they feed with his life's blood Jubata aforesaid, who now releases his hold, and suffers himself to be detached from his quarry. — St. James' Magazine. 