§jvLmfmx. REMINISCENCES.' ? Br'-E. A. ScniKur. .Tub piece known a* "The American Coiuin, by Tout Taylor, wu put in ruhearHul. I won c*u>t for th? part of X*ord Dundreary, a fourtr.-rate old man, only fcrty-rievcn linen. I refused the part, , but .finally agreed with Mr. Burnett, tho utago manager, to play Oα the condition that 1 should entirely letcrite it. Slim Koeuo was alfco full of objections, wliioh, howovor, thu finally'yielded. In rewriting- tbo part, I throw into it everything that Htruck mo an vrildly nlwurd. - There bi not a eingle look, word, or aut in Lurd Dundroary thut has not beou to iixe by persona, whom 1 have kiiowu aluoii"! wm Avo years of age. It has boon frequently auid.toat I biivo cut tlio -piece down for the purpose of Dun droaryising- the po'r/ormiuiw. Thia in not true. I have eimply but out tlio dollar ecouo, a drunkcu act, wnioh wiu nov'or popuhu , , and so rearranged tho play, that instead of noven te?u ucenoe, whloh it had whou it oamo from the hands of tlie author,- it is now ia four aote ' of one eoeno each. My part the first night wan by no moanH a pronounced nuooees. In foot, it was two or throo weeks before tho pooplo bog- an to undurstand what I won about. I haU acted so niany eorions purt? before, that tho public evidently oonaldorod that ovory touo of my voioo ought to bo pathetic, juat aa tboy now acom to think thut every tone' ruproeonte some mud eccentricity. "How," I have been askod, "did you happen to hit on that Htrung-o hop, akip, and j uuip buamem, which - haa - been niouo - so effective in your duliacatiou of tho char actor." "Why," I roply, "it woh tho aimploet tiling in tho world; it -waa a moru accident. I luivo naturtilly lin elastic disposition, aud dtirinir a rohuuraal ouo cold inoniiuir I vuit hupping at the book of tlio etugo, whim AOiw Xoeuo earuoatiually iuquirod if I waa going to introduce that in Dundroury. Tho aotom and autrcxaoa ittuudinjj around lnug- hocl, nnd taking tho ouu, I replied : ' Vue, MjSh Koctio ; tliat'a my viow of tho character.' Having eaid thin I waa boimd to atiuk to it, and ax I progrosNod ivith tho rehcaniul I found that tho wholo company, inoludiug econo-aliifterH and property men, wcro roaring with laughter at my infernal nemwnso. When I now that tho public accepted tho aatire I tonod it derwu to tho broud cariuuturu which may bo soou at the preHOnt day by anyone who has a quiok Honjio of thu absurd." You reuioiiibnr that in one oot I have a by pluy un my iuigcrs, un which X count from ono to teu, and then revoreiug, bogin with, tho right thumb and count ton, uino, eight, aeven, six anil live iiro cloven. This has fro quoutiy boon deuouueod by critioe an utterly out of plaoo iu Uiu nharauter. But I took tho incident from aotuul life, having- aeon a notorioualy cluver mail on the Kngliah tiu-f, ox (jtiick iw lightiiini; in calculating odds, completely puziled , tluK ridiculous problem. My dintortiou of tho old aphorisms haa liko wiae buoii frc<{ucutly oavillod ut hh too noneun-iical tor an educated imui. Now aee how easily thin thought was .suggested. A number of ua ttoino yoara ugo wcro taking supper in Halifax after a porlormanco, vvhon a guntloman who han now retired from tho stage, but who is living in Now York, suddenly entered tho room, and said : " Oh, yei), ,1 800 ; birds of a foathor,"&e.; Tho thought iuatantly struck mo on tho weak aide, and, winking at my brother acton and aaaum ing uttor ignoranco, I ?aid : " What do you mouu by birda of a foutlier F" Ho looked ratlier atuggercd, and replied : " What, have you nover hoard of tho old iingliah proverb, ' Bird* o£ a foatlior flock togothor r' " Every ouo uliook hia head. Ho tliou said: "X never mot auoh' a lot of ignoramuses in my life." That was my cue, and I began to turu tho proverb iunido out. ? I said to him : " There novor could havo beon auch a pro%*orb —birda of a feather '. Thu idea o£ a wholu flock o£ birda Imriug ouly ouo faathor ! Thu thing ia utterly ridiou!ou.i. Bo.iidra, tho poor bird that had that fonther rnuxt have llowu ou one aide ; consequently, aa tho other birds couldn't fly ut ail, they couldn't flock together; But. ovou accopting- tho absurdity, if they Hocked at all thoy munt flock tuguthijr, as no bird could possibly be nuch u foul <u to go into a cornur aud try aud flock by himself." Our visitor began to moo tlio point of tho logic, nud was greeted with roars of laughter. I made a lucmoraudiuu of tho inoideut, nud years afterwards elaborated the idoa in writiuKOnndroary. X have quire* upouquire* of memoranda ol a aiinilar chamctor; but whenever X play tho purt tho public sooni i*o disappointed at uul, hearing tho old linen that I four I shall never havo the opportunity of getting them to acuopt what would really be a lunch better vorsiuu. Let mo tell you about u certain aupper iu QlasLr<)W. It was one of thoso lute uttaira which sometiuies occur after theatre hours, and X had around mo a number uf excellent friends aud bons vivants College, several barristers, mid two or'.tfiroo army men. This professor wiw a siugularly olovcr aud jolly fellow; but ho Imd a peculiar way of leaving- a company, very froqiioutly without suyiug guud-uyo to any persuu preHOnt. It wn.s a pure mutter of politeness ou his part, huwuvor, bouause, haviug dutinn to perform either on hia own accimut or that >if utliors, ho didu't choose to niako a feature of his departure, aud so disturbed the remauder of tlio gueats. One of tho otllccrs ;wa-s Minor I won't mpntiou his uamo—a sploudid npeciincu of a Willi, ?.umest-hpokeu old .Enirlii.h gentlumtiu. table, lie remarked : "I went to see the world-famed ooujuror, to uight; and what a pity it i.s that ho should fionthutstugu m bueli a Mliainoful condition !" naked him what w?h tho matter. " Why," wiid he, " ho was druuk, eir, disgracofiuMy druuk !" Tho demon of mLsoliiof insUmtly took possenrtiou of mo. Thu mnjor was not acifuaiuted with our eccentric guoet, tho professor from tho Ohmgonr College. Them niy knoes, I managed to touch tho major on tho leg, and at tho name timo softly " Sli.sh sh!" Ho turned around quiokly, looked at me, became very red in tho face, evidently taking a hint tho reason of which ho didu't comprohond. X saw at ouco that ho was In a mcnt-'.l mudiUe, aud winking iu a suggeetivo manner, as much" as to eny, '* lUook out for yourself," remarked totto roce: "My dear sir, you've mudc a mistake. You surely don't menu ho was druuk P" "No, uo," ho replied in a disconcerted oort of way, '' not oxuctly druuk, but—bnt— ruther eoufiisod. you uudorstaud. I've ?een a good lruuiy of tho Knglish jugglers, nud I don't cousider him aa good iuh several whom I know." At tlus juncture thu professor took his hut and walked out, which we, who know him, recognised as his quiet way of absenting-liim aolf without (foiug through tho formula of breaking up a ewial party. You seo, ho had his lecture to prepare for tho next day, aud we of tho club, being aware uf the fact, paid uo attention to his exit. When the professor was fairly out of hearing-, I observed to the """'wiiatisiti- wLitdidl snyf" ho enquired, anxiously. "AVhy," Miid I, "didn't you seo tho iu dignant way iu which he got up and left tho rooraf That's the sou-iu-law of the con juror—married Ilia daivghtcr only two days ago, and of course he feels naturally indignant at tho remark which ho heard you mako." "Hang it," wiidtho mnjor, "why didn't you tell me r Yuu '.kicked mo nud confused "Nonsouse," I replied; "I looked nt you nnd winked at you, and shoo- ed nt you. nud triiil to stop yon us nn intelligent beiug unpnblo of takiug a hint." ?' Oh, well, well, well ; who tho douoooould follow a wiuk like that ? But wlutt am X going to do about it t" I suggested that ho alvould writo tio pro feasor a nice letter, and explain tho affair, in a semi -apologetic way.- stating that lie waa a trifle under the tnfluenoe of wine, -et_. Thereupon tho major went to my desk, and at.my dictation scribbled off a note and properly addrcsaod it. "Now," I said, " I will send this by my ?own nervaiit, so that there shall be no mis carriage." Of course, I didu't send it.at all; but tlio next day I wrote" a letter and had it copied aud signed in the professor's name, which was one of the most grossly insulting in its character that I "could, con ceive. It read 'something like this :— '.'Simply because you happen to bo a cavalry officer and I a quiet university prO-. fessor, you think you can iiinu.lt mobyas-sail ing tho purity of my father-in-law. As yon yourself confess, you aro only a drunkon cad,!* &0., &a.; The major came the next morning trembl ing with rage, and showed mo the letter. " What do you think of that *r" said he, excitedly. "Ho call mc a drunken cad," I sootlungly replied: " Oh, that's only his classical method of expression." <* D v his classical mothod. I'll go and kick him out of his lecture-room." I calmed tho major as well as I knew how, and aa soon .as* no waa gone, sat down and wrote a note to tho othor professor-— tho oonjuror in tho name of Major So-nnd-So, 'to tho effect .that ho had rooeived a letter from his son-in-law, saying that he would cowhide him nt tbe first opportunity. Tliat brought another com munication still more mixing up matters. Of'course you understand that X wrote all theso myself, and ( consequently held tlio trump cards in. my own hand. Thoso fatten* wont backwards and forwards for several days. Finally, X sent one from the professor challenging tho major, and at tho same - time caused a number of tolc gToghic. inoH_ugos to bo transmitted from different parts of Scotland from men with whom I know ho waa intimate, expressive 'of their astonishment that a genttemau so well known for lus high courage should have been I guilty of conduct so utterly luibeooming his i position. Now tlio major was a man of warm temperament, who in bygouo days in India and elsewhere, had been fighting duds about onco a week, although such a pieoo of ? absurdity, at tho - present ? hour, would only havo rosultod in his being cashiered. As a oousoqucuco ho waa thrown into a state of oxtromo uxoitcmont and per plexity. Just about this time X started for London, leaving behind mn n batch of letters ' and.telegrams, to bo sent to the major ou the following day. Thoy woro of tho most slighting tuxd insulting description. Ren dered utterly dosporate oy theso, ho followed mo to London, sending mo a telegram iv advance, saying that,ho desired to'not on my advice in tho promises, and .would raoet mo at a given hour for cousidtation. X then arranged it to havo the profossor from Glas gow to dine with mo tho very day tho major was to call. As the hitter .walked into, tho room ho was completely staggered when tho professor advancod and shook liim by tlio hand in tho most cordial and amioable manner. Of course tho major couldn't resist what ho now regarded us an evidence of good will, uud commenced to make explanations. Tho professor listonod in speechless astonishment. Not having tho ghost of an" idoa what it was all about, ho thought tho major was drunk ; and as I kept making signs to him, ho treated him accordingly. Tho wholo thing was so ludicrous that at last wo all of us burst into a hearty, good-uotured luugh, which waa redoubled whon I told tho wholo story. I ought to say- that I novor would havo indulged iv this little joko had it not boon that tho major, somo weeks previously, had got mo into comparative trouble by a practical joko of his own, of which I waa tho victim. Mv revenge was natural and most complete. I think that ono of tho most rockloes affairs with wluoh I havo over had to do occurred at tho house of a friend of mine who was himself fond of a joko, and had at homo abundant opportunity for tho making of oue. A regiment had just arrivod from tho Crimean war, and was forwarded to Glj_*<row tt> bo quartered there. My friend asked the officers, to dine immediately ufter their arrival, although ho was a ntraugur to thorn all except by reputation. Ho invited mo to go with him, remarking: "Now, Nod, let us havo some fun ;" aud wo at once concocted a plan. T knew his residence vory well, and.could do uuythiag I pleased in it. With liis leave X scat for a stonemason and told him to ascertain, whore the fiuo from tho ilregrate made its exit on tlie roof, as I wanted him tliat night, during tho dinuor, to call dowu tho chimnoy in answer to any question I might ask. My friend, tho host, meanwhile, was to introduce mo to his gu'osts us v celebrated Amerioau voutriloqnist who was about to uppear in Loudon, and waa acknowledged to bo thu most extraordinary artist,of the kind in tha world. While tho .meal was goiug on. Colonel ——, a very uristocratio old man, gnuluaily bogau to throw out suggestions and to load conversation iv tho dirootiou of vontriloqnialsubjeots. X, of courtM), protondod to bu very bashful, and to avoid any allusion to the thome. .After much -solidta tiou, howovor, X consoutod'to spook, as ho said, ouly two or thrco words. Murk you, I had timed tho experiment so that it .should ho exactly eight o'clock, or within a few minutes of it, whon X know that my mason wotdd bo keeping" his nt tho. othor end of tho chinuioy. Going to -the fireplace, I shouted at tho top of my voice— for it was a deuced long way up—"Aro you thoro r" but thoro was no ? response. I camo to tho conclusion that as by tfiis -time it was rainiiig vory hard, tho stono-marfou had* got sick ot tlio wholo business, and left- tho roof- Imagine my surprise when, in eight'or ton ' seconds afterwards, just us I had turned aud ' was going to .toll tho colonel that my failure was duo entirely to an ulcerated soro throat, a deep voice was heard hallooing* down the fiuo: " I dou't hoar a word!" Tho colonel, ofilcers, nud ull the guests looked perfectly stuggorod. X immediately took ad van ta go of the si {tuition, and remarked : "There, you see how badly -I did! Yqu notice what a guttural touo thoro was in my voice ;" .but thoy all crowded round mo,' aud said it was the most dxtroordinary thing thoy over heard in their lives, und * begged mc to repeat tho .experiment. I had previously mado tho arrangement. witli tho ' mason that whon I said '/Good-byo!'*. three times ho would understand that I required him no more. . .1 theroforo shouted .out "Good- bye!" three. times, and, getting no response, concluded that ho had gone, and thought no moro about tho mutter. About au hour after tlus tho colonel wns leaning against tho mantelpiece, smoking v cigar, when ho turned'to rap—l was on Uia. opposite nido of tho room—and said: ** Coloucl Slayter" (by which namo I had boen intro duced to tho company), " X havo no hesitation in sayiug that you are tho most extraordinary ventriloquist ulive.' ? Now?-in* my own littlo way I oceit_ tonally' try to omu-O my childreu in the' some] manner; but it is really übsurcl, after tho wonderful effect you luivo produced, to give you an illustration here; still, I will try. For iuxtauce, when at homo I sometimes put my head up tho chimnoy aud shout: * Arc you coming down?'" and tho old gentleman accompanied the action to the words. Judge of our utter auuuemcut when a yell was hoard in the chimney: " Oh, gotothodovil I I havu had enough of this." tt so happened tliat I was clmttiug. with a number of tho officers at tho moment, mrd tho colouel almost reeled up ?igiiin>.t tlio table in his ustouish meut at such an unexpected reply. Every body looked ut him,, as if for an explanation. Taking iv tho situation quickly, and earelnssly stepping forward, I said : "Thoro, gentlemen, that is my hist effort, T am suffering so much from bronchial affection thut you must really excuse mo from auy further exhibition." Ono and all of thorn gathered around- mo and wrung my hands, expressing . ? their ' amazement at tlio high art 1 had evinced, and pro mising mo a maguifioient reception whenovcr I should appear in public. It waa as muoh att X could ,do to preserve*'at serious face. Tlio joko waa too good to koep long-, and ia a little while aftenrardii, in the course of con- Tenvation, the hoet said : ? "By the way. Sothern, do you remember So-and-eoP' - ' ??? " "What!" eaid all the officers, looKngup ; " Sothero P I thought thS? waa Colonel Slayterf" , : : ? " Oh, no," replied my mend, " that's Lord Dundreary." That wan my first and last exporienco aa a Teutriloquiflt. ......,.._. ? 