D O N N A Q U I X O T E . BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY. Author of "Dear Lady Disdain," Misanthrope," &c.; Miss CHAPTER XVIII. P4.CIJKA. STOOPS TO COITQTJEH. The day after the arrival of the unexpected guest at Gabrielle's, Fielding—perhaps we may still describe him simply, as we have always e hitherto known him—was on his way to. pay a visit to Paulina's hostess. One result of Gabriellefa good offices between the brothers naturally was to place Fielding in the position of a recognised friend. The new phase of Fielding's existence was very delightful to him. fie would in any case probably have enjoyed the novelty of it as he did most novelties, and would have liked the West-End London life if only as a change after the Southern States and Bolingbroke-place. But he had now one or two particular reasons for liking the change. He was greatly touched by his brother's way of receiving him, and of renewing their affection, or rather making way for an affection which before had had no chance of existence. Nothing could have been less (ike what Fielding might have expected than the ways of his brother towards him. If Wilberforce had discovered some entirely new and incomparable way of lighting his house, he could not have been mote pleased than he was with the novelty of having a brother. He was never done talking to all the people he knew about " my brother, don't you know?—my brother Clarkson; just come back from somewhere; splendid fellow, you positively must know him." He took Clarkson all over hiB town house from garret to basement, to show him all the recent improvements. He proposed to take him down to his country place presently, where there were still greater wonders to be exhibited, for the genius of practical science had to do there with gardens, grounds, and game, horses and stables, dogs and kennels, as well as with fireplaces and windows. Meantime he hurried him down to Sydenham, to show him a little place he had there quite near the Crystal Palace, and where he was trying plans for the acclimatization, of various foreign shrubs and dowers. He was always telling Clarkson they must have a long talk over old times together; but the long talk never seemed likely to come off, for whenever they were alone Wilberforee had always some new device in the way of industrial science on which to consult his brother. He persisted in the assumption that a man who had been in so many foreign countries as Clarkson must be an authority on all subjects connected with the building, furnishing, lighting, and ventilating of houses. Fielding fell into all this in his usual companionable way. He declared that he was getting already softened and spoiled by civilization; and he persisted in retaining his old lodging in Bollngbroke-place, and. in going there to paas a night when he felt inclined; but for the present at least he was in a manner taken captive by his brother's kindness and good fellowship, and he liked the new life remarkably well. He was always saying to himself that such a life would never suit him, that he was made for a gipsy or a tramp; and he was always making up his mind that he must go somewhere and do something to- morrow. But meantime he was like that son of Cato the Younger, of whom the epigram set forth that he had passed we know not how many days in going to- morrow. One other novelty in which Sir Wilberferce took a manifest and undisguised delight was the society of Gabrielle. He made up his mind to go to Lady HoneybeH's whenever there was a chance of her being there; and he called to see her sometimes at her own house, and talked a great deal with her whenever he had the oppotunity. Fielding was generally with him on these occasions, and therefore grew to be quite an established friend of Gabrielle's. It sometimes seemed to her as if she surely must have known him for years instead of a few weeks. This particular day, however, Fielding set out to call on Gabrielle without his brother. He was anxious to speak to her about the Vanthorpe affair. He had heard or come at the knowledge of something which made him suspicious more than ever of Paulina's movements and purposes, and he thought it would be of great importance to put Gabrielle on her guard. He little suspected that at the very time when he was making his way to Gabrielle's with this object-, his name was on the lips of her and of the woman from whom he would if possible have kept her wide as the poles apart. If Gabrielle Vanthorpe had been dealing in unholy arts and had conjured up, to scare her friends, some abhorrent phantom she could not now exorcise and banish, she could hardly have felt more painfully responsible and selfreproachful. She thought with sickening misgivings of the part she had taken, slight as it was, in bringing up the spectre of Paulina to vex the future life of Mrs. Leven. Why did she meddle or make in the matter ? she kept asking herself. True, it was at no call of hers, and by no quest of .hers, that the extraordinary Paulina presented herself. But Gabrielle had long been wishing to find some trace of Philip Vanthorpe, and had thought, not surely in any ignoble way, to find her own account in it by commending herself to his mother; and now she seemed like some unlucky creature who, by a single unhallowed wish, has summoned an unwelcome apparition that will never cease to haunt. Every hour she spent in Paulina's company more and more convinced her that it would be absolutely impossible to induce Mrs. Leven to endure such a daughter-in-law. If she could only believe Paulina to be an impostor but there was no use in thinking of such a thing. Paulina had referred to Fielding as a witness to the truth of her story. Indeed, it would be impossible to doubt it. She had told Gabrielle a hundred things about Philip Vanthorpe's younger days and his quarrels with his mother, of which Gabrielle remembered to have heard in a vague, half-hushed sort of way before, and which certainly Paulina could only have heard from Vanthorpe himself. There was something uncomfortable, uncanny about the woman, which made her companion i-hip more oppressive to Gabrielle than any mere lack of education or good manners could have done. There was something sinister about her when the surface of good-heartedness was rpffled for a moment by any hint of contradiction. Gabrielle had seen her eyebrows contract and a light flash from her eyes once or twice as she looked at Miss Elvin, which had alarming suggestions about it as of the cage of s wild animal or a maniac's cell. Then, where was the child ? It was now well on in the afternoon of the day a|ter her arrival, and Paulina did not appear particularly anxious about the child. The whole world seemed to have grown perplexed for Gabrielle since this ill-omened visitor came inside her threshold. Yet to her Paulina was only exuberant good-nature and gratitude. " I must do something, I must send for some one—take some one's advice," the troubled Gabrielle thought. " Major Leven ? Mr. Fielding surely would be better." " Had I not better write a line to Mr. Fielding, and ask him to come and see you, Paulina ?" Gabrielle asked. They two were alone." He will wish to see you, and you will like to see him." _ " Law, Gabrielle, send for him as soon as you like, if it's any ease to your mind, my dear; if you don't feel quite sure about yours truly. Fielding will soon give you satisfaction on that point. He can't deny that I am myself anyhow ; he can't say that this girl isn't the wife of Philip Vanthorpe. But don't send for him on my account, I beg of you, nor on his, my dear. We dpn't particularly want to see each other, I can tell you." "But he was such a friend of your husband ?" " Just so, but the friend of the husband isn't always the friend of the wife, dear ; especially if the wife should happen to be too fond of the husband. Anyhow, Master Fielding don't like me now; I dare say he wont have a good word for me; but send for him as soon as ever you like, Gabrielle; I see it would be something of a satisfaction to you, and I don't blame you. Why should you take my word? although I know I could take your word for anything once I looked into your eyes. Send for Fielding, dear, right away. It don't matter to me at all. We are not very good friends; but we shan't come to words in your presence, I dare say." \- Gabrielle found this sort of talk unendurable " Perhaps . if I were to consult Major Leven"— ! " That's the husband of the old lady ?" " Please, Paulina,, den't call Mrs. Leven the old lady. I don't like it; she is not old." " That's only my way, Gabrielle dear. You'll not mind me when you have known me a longer time." Gabrielle's heart sank at the suggestion. Mrs. Leven is a lady many people find it difficult to deal with," Gabrielle explained. "She is a noble woman at heart, but she has strong predilations—strong likings* and dislikings I mean." "IH bring her to reason, depend upon it. Aint't I her eldest son's wife ?" " But then you must remember, Paulina, that her son left her very early, and she may not admit any claim on her; and she is married again—and I think we had better make our appeal to her feelings and her heart." " You leave it to me, my dear; Fll bring her to reason soon enough," the complacent Paulina said. " The sooner she falls in with my views and the quieter she keeps me, the less talk and exposure there will be, don't you see? Folks like her don't like family affairs talked .oL" " I don't think that would have much effect on Mrs. Leven,'Paulina; it would not have any on me," Gabrielle said firmly. Paulina was afraid she had been going too for. " Oh, for that matter," she said softly, " I am well aware I .haven't any sort of claim on you, Gabrielle, only what your kind heart and your nature give. You are very good to take me on my own word even. You have been only too good already. The moment you say 'go,' I'll go,Gabrielle; and I shall still owe you goodwill for some happy, happy hours of shelter and kindness." At this moment it was announced to Gabrielle that Mr. Fielding had called. She huled his coming with delight. * Here is Mr. Fielding, Paulina; we will see him at once. I am so glad!" "Nowfor a nice piece of acting," thought Paulina. GabrieUe went forward to welcome Fielding with speoial cordiality. The room was somewhat darkened, for the summer was growing on, and Paulina, for all her southern experiences; declared that she could not bear the sun. Fielding did not at once see who was with Gabrielle, although her manner made him sure that she had something out of the common to say to him. . " You have come at the very time'when we wanted you, Mr. Fielding," the almost breathless Gabrielle said. " You see I have an old friend of yours with m# You have not forgotten this lady ?" " If you have forgotten me I shall take it unkind of you, Fielding," the lady said for herself, half rising from her chair in a languid way. And Fielding saw that the woman whom it was his special effort to keep from touching Gabrielle with even the slightest contact was under her roof, and seated in closest companionship with her. His mind went back in a moment to some of the scenes of Philip Vanthorpe's later life; to the fierce quarrels he himself had witnessed; to what hie had. seen with his own eyes of Paulina's savage temper, animal love of food and drink, revolting coquetry, and almost brutal vulgarity; and as he now saw her by Gabrielle's side, his first wild feeling was regret that she was not a man whom ie could thrust by force from that sweet and gracious home. He did not even speak to Gabrielle at first. " How did you come here?" he asked sternly of the unabashed Paulina^ " I came to see my sister-in-law, Mrs. Albert Vanthorpe—why shouldn't I come to see ? She is not ashamed of me because . I wasn't well brought up and wasn't born a lady. And why ? Because she'jB a lady herself." "How on earth did you find her out?" he asked, turning to Gabrielle. " I thought you gave me your promise " "I have not broken any promise," Gabrielle said, rather coldly* His manner was a little too sharp she thought. It was hardly the manner he ought to assume to any woman. " My sisterin-law is here on her own wish. She cane to see me; and I have welcomed her." " Who told you her name he now addressed himself once more to Paulina. " How did you get to know it ?" " I don't suppose my whereabouts was very hard to find out, Mr. Fielding," Gabrielle said, still cold in her manner towards him. " There is a ' London Directory,' and the name of Vanthorpe is not quite so common as that of Smith." " But 6he never knew your name." " My name is her name, Mr. Fielding." *'• Yes, yes, it is now; of course it is her name by right—but she never knew it. She never heard the name of Vanthorpe; she was always called Clarkson; it was a whim of poor Philip to suppress his own name— a whim at first, but after his marriage a very serious purpose. When I saw her the other day I told her that no one but myself knew anything about the whole story, and that I would not tell her your name unless on conditions—that she knows." "That's all true enough, Gabrielle,"Paulina said meekly. " My poor husband did go by the name of Clarkson out in the States; but I don't see what's the odds of that now. I am Philip Vanthorpe's wife, Mr. Fielding, his lawful wife; you won't deny that ?" " Yon are his wife ; that's only too true." " Well," said Gabrielle interposing; " I think that is all I want to know, Mr/Fielding. She is the lawful wife of my husband's brother: she loved him, and he loved her, and he is dead; and she comes to me. Let others do as they like, HI not refuse to own her, and she shall always be welcome here." Paulina seized Gabrielle's hand and covered it with kisses, and then pressed it to her breast. Fielding made a movement as if he would pluck the hand away. But he stopped. " Stuff! play-acting," were his genial words. "I told you, Gabrielle," Paulina said; "I said Mr. Fielding didn't like me. I told you he would not have a good word for me; he was always trying to make my husband distrust me. He knows why he den't like me, and I know it too, but let that pass." Fielding was about to break in angrily upon her. But he checked himself. He was not going to wrangle with such a woman in that presence, or to condescend to vindicate his motives or his conduct by a word. J" Let that pass," Paulina hurried on, seeing with joy that she was gaining something of an advantage. "I can be generous if he can't. The only thing I told you that he couldn't do, Gabrielle, was that he couldn't deny that I was Philip Vanthorpe's wife, and that Phil Vanthorpe loved me. Yoa see he don't deny it, and you see he would deny it if he could." "Yes," said Fielding, who saw that remonstrance was now useless," I would deny it if I could; I only wish I could." " You see!" Paulina exclaimed triumphantly. " Now, Mr. Fielding," GabrieUe said, returning to composure not without an effort. " You see our minds are made up here, and I am sure you have too muoh sense to think of arguing with women when they tell you they have made up their minds. I hoped my sister-in-law would bave found a warmer friend in you; but I am glad that at least you don't refuse to help her to establish her identity. I want your advice about her. I am sure you will give me good advice." " Yes; I will give you good advice; but will you take it when it is given ?" " I should like first to knew what it is: I don't intend to commit myself, Mr. Fielding." " My advice is this—about your brother's wife I have only one advice to offer"-'— ' Shall I leave the room, Gabrielle ?" Paulina asked. "I don't mind at alL You can talk about me more freely perhaps when I'm not in the way." " No, no; you must stay,"Gabrielle said. " I had rather you heard what I have to say," Fieldine added. "My advice is this—don't have tms woman staying in your house. Buy her off, if you will—I don't advise it, but if you like buy her off or get Mrs. Leven to buy her off; but don't keep her under your roof. She is not a woman to be a companion of yours; I am not talking now about -what she calls bee character. If she were as good as the goddess Diana in that sort of way she is not a companion for you; and I tell you some harm will come of having her near you. Do anything you will in the way of kindness or charity; but don't allow her to remain in your house." " What has he to say against me ?"' Paulina asked still in her meek fashion. " Let him say anything he will, Gabrielle; I don't mind; I'm not afraid. Ask him what he has to say against me; it's only fair he should speak out." "Yes, that seems only fair, Mr. Fielding," Gabrielle said. " I believe men always hold to some principle of not insinuating a charge without giving one a chance of defending himself; is there not some such principle among you ? Why should I not be a friend to one who is so nearly connected with me, and who wants my friendship ? Would you act so in such a case ?" "I hope I should listen to the sincere advice of one who knew more than I could know" " No, Mr. Fielding; you would do nothing of the kind. I don't believe you would; I am sure you would not. You would never turn your back on any one whom you ought to care tor merely because of some vague hints and objections. You would not do it; neither will L" "I suppose it is useless, 1 ? Fielding said warmly, "to expect a woman to listen to reason." "See the way you treat us," Gabrielle said, epeakicg quickly and with an emotion that aow and then seemed likely to stop up her speaking altogether. ^ We are never done hearing ifeat wefeaen have no principles of honour, ana fairplay. and.all the rest of it; that they listen to stories told behind people's baoks and hit people when they are down; and that only men are opea wad fair, and meet things face to face, and I don't know what else! And when we try to act on your principles of manly fair see what comes of it. Then you tell us that we never can be reasonable, because we don't simply do as we are told, and cast off any one who has a claim on us without asking why or therefore; because some man chooses "to say she is not worthy of your help, but I won't tell you why! You can t have all of us this way, Mr. Fielding; you must take some of us one way or the other. I choose to act on your own principles; and I will stand by a friend like a man." Gabrielle looked exceedingly unlike a man at this moment. Her eyes were sparkling with' tears, and her voice .was all tremulous; and she looked strikingly handsome and intensely feminine. ' She took Paulina's baud the while, and turned towards Fielding with a look of something like defiance. . " I should like you to stand by your friend," he said, "if that was all;.I am not a man to. turn my back on a friend, or advise any one else to do such a thing. But is she your friend? You see her for the first t£me; you know nothing of her—I do! She broke poor Philip Vanthorpe's heart." " If s not true," Paulina protested in tones of injured and melancholy innocence. " He died! in my arms. If he were alive you wouldn't talk" in this way. But I don't want to make any quarrels, Gabrielle, between you and your re~ spectable friends. I ain't a respectable person, £ know, in that sense; I am only a poor woman whom Philip Vanthorpe loved, and made his wife." " Stuff," interjected the ungracious Fielding. " I'll go away, Gabrielle; I'll go away. God bless you always, anyhow; for you believed me, and were kind to me." "You shall not go," Gabrielle said.; -'you shall stay with me; you are my sister-in-law, and you shall have a home here as long as you want one." ' "Look here," Fielding said, turning suddenly 7 on the now flushed Paulina, "what will you. take to go away ? what is your sum ? It will come to that in time—why not give us the figure at once?" . ' "You don't understand me, Mr. Fielding,"' Paulina replied in tone of noble scorn. "You' never did. You mistook me in more ways than one. What is my price to go away? I'll tell you. One word from the lady of this house. Let this lady say the word' go,' and I'm gone. Now you have your answer. "These are my terms." "I say stay," Gabrielle declared; " I say you shall not go. And now surely we need not say -any more about all this ? I am sorry if you are offended, Jlr. Fielding, or if I seemed angry. I am sure you meant well and kindly; but you don't understand women." " That he dont," interjected Paulina. "" We have some principles of fairplay, and we have our code of chivalry. I heard you'talk once of. somebody with whom it would not be safe to go tiger-hunting. He would back out, I suppese, in the moment of danger, and leave his friend in the lurch. Well, I think there are women you might go tiger-hunting with. I am one." Fielding remembered the illustration to whieli she was referring in her emotional way. It was,' indeed, rather a favourite illustration of his. own. It was meant to picture the kind of man who, good and worthy enough in other ways, could not be trusted to stay by his friend to the last out of pure companionship and loyalty. It touched him now te hear her cite his own words even in objection to himself. " One thing will you do ?" he asked. " Will you put her a plain question—where is Philip Vanthorpe's child ?" "I do not mean to ask her any question now," Gabrielle replied. " She will tefl me all that I want to know, I am sure, time enough. -1 think she has had questioning enough for one day." Gabrielle was now very angry. She could not understand how Fielding could act what seemed to her so unfair a part. She could not understand how he could expect her to'sanction it or join in it. She felt hurt to think that he could have known so little of her. A man must despise women in his heart, she thought, who could expect them to act like that. If any drop of poison from Paulina's half-spoken hints about the cause of his recent dislike to herself mingled in any ivay with Gabrielle's feelings then, Gabrielle was not herself conecious of its influence. She was grieved and angered that Fielding Should have misunderstood her, and expected her to play an ungenerous part towards, the unfortunate Paulina. It came on her mind with a flush of pride in the recollection that it was only the other day she had heard insinuations or charges against himself, and had refused to believe them. " 'Well," Fielding said," I suppose there is no use in our talking of this any more, Bin. Vanthorpe ? You asked me for my advice, and I gave it to you honestly. You won't take it, and there's an end." "I know what you would think of me," she answered," if I were to take such advice in any other affair. We should hear something about the high principles of women then." He presently left her. Each was angry with the other. Paulina was doubly, trebly delighted. She had made her game, as she would have put it, to her own entire satisfaction. If she might have ventured on such a performance it would have greatly delighted her to execute a wild dance of triumph in the very face of the discomfited Fielding. As it was she could not refrain from flinging at him one saucy look of exultation as he passed out of the room. He saw it, and she meant that he should see it. She would have lost half the joy of her cleverly won success if she could not have thus taken Fielding into her confidence, and let him know distinctly that she had been only playing a part, and that she considered herself to have won, and therefore wasfree|to mock at his confusion. _ That night Bobert Charlton and his wife were sitting in their room in Bolingbroke- place rather late. Bobert was seized with a fit of hard work, and was toiling away assiduously and in silence, hiB head down. Janet was engaged in some sewing. _ She was very much depressed and out of spirits. She had not seen anything of Mrs. Vanthorpe for many days. Mrs. Bramble, her aunt, had come to see Janet once or twice, and had brought her some scraps of gossip, but they were not somehow of a nature to gladden Janet. Suddenly a knock was heard at the door. Charlton started from his work and stood up like a man who fancies he Bees a ghost. Hii wife started merely on seeing him start. " Was that a knock, Janet ?" " I think so, dear. It's late; I wonder who it can be." " Don't you go," he said, motioning her back. " Don't you go." He was moving towards the door. The knock was heard once more, and there was a certain impatience in it. " Do you think it is some woman?" Bobert asked. Why did he not open the door at once, or let her open it, his wife could not guess. A voice was heard out»ide. " I do declare it's Mr. Fielding!" Janet exclaimed. Her husband drew back. "Fielding?" he said. "So it is—you open the door, Janet." Janet promptly opened the door. " Why, Mr. Fielding, I said it was you T* " Well, Janet, are you glad to see me ?" " Indeed I am." For a moment or two Bobert kept far back in the room, almost like one who expects to have to stand suddenly on his defence. Then seeming to take a more satisfactory view of the visit he came forward to meet Fielding. " Well, Charlton, here you are as usual, working away." '' We didn't expect te see you, Mr. Fielding." ' Didn't you really, Mr. Charlton ? Why not now, might one ask ? A man may occasionally •visit Lis rooms, mayn't he ?" * Yes, but when one has become a great swell, yoa know, and lives with one's friends in a grand West-End Square, one isn't expected to come back very often to a den like this." " Piff-paff. I have been back to the den several times lately, only you didn't know anything about it. I come and go, follow my own whim as usual, Charlton. Don't you remember the talk we had one night about the rollingstone and the mill-stone ? I like the den; perhaps it suits me best." " We are glad to see you again, Mr. Fielding, at all events," the meek Janet ventured to say. " Thank you, Janet, I do believe you are. I don't quite know about your husband, but he is such a surly old bear one never expects much gladness from him. I say, Charlton, are you well acquainted with the History of Ireland under the reign of Queen Elizabeth?" " No, I can't say that I am." "Because if you were you would know that there was a distinguished Irish chieftain of that time who went by the of Surly-Boy. Z should think yoa must he a descendant of his." "Well, there's nothing to make a man particularly lively here. You have more the luck of it, Mr. Fielding." "To be sure; yes, you're only jig-maker! Well, I have come now to hale you and Janet— Wis. Robert Chadtoa o{ coarse I mean—bj orce of arms, if need be, down to.supper in my little den, just as we-had it ohoe before; don't you remember, Janet ?" : Yes, Janet remembered very well. That was indeed a pleasant night. - The young man's voioe sounded sweet and cheery in her ears that had beard scarcely any but repining and melancholy tones for a long time, an^T Janet had always greatly liked Fielding and his kindly, companionable ways. To-night, however, she looked at him with something of a doubtful expression. His gaiety of manner did not seem quite like the old thing somehow; it appeared to her to be forced and unnatural. Perhaps, she conjectured, he is t>nly doing this to show that he doesn't think any_the less of his old friends because he lias gone back .to his grand family. It was kind of him all the same «he thought. > Bobert accepted the invitation much to his wife's, surprise. "Come, Janet, be quick,'' he.said; "don't keep Mr. Fielding waiting." a Keep Mr. Fiddlestick." said Fielding. " We need not to be so high and mighty in bur politeness—need we, Charlton ?* " We have been hearing such wonderful thinss about^you, Mr. Fielding," Janet said in her ' delight, as she was preparing fb go down stairs. "Truly, Janet? Anything good? That would be odd nfews, indeed, wouldn't it ?" " Oh, yes, delightful news, all about you and your broths', and how fond he is ~of you, and how you are always going to live with him, and :be always a gentleman ; oh, I beg pardon, I don't mean that," and Janet bluslied. ... " Don't mean what, Janet? Don't mean that I am going to be a gentleman ? Why, now you ;are hard upon me." ; " Oh, no, no! I only meant tbat of course you . were always a gentleman; there's nothing new in that; money can't alter that." " Janet, you chatter too mach," her husbanfl caid. , "Not too much for me," Fielding said. "It gives me pleasqre to hear a friendly voice. "Go ahead, Janet; chatter iaway, if your husband will call it chattering." No modest little woman ever yet found her ;fiuency of speech increased on being told by one of two listeners that Bhe chattered tao much ! and. enjoined by the other to chatter away. Janet became silent all at once. You've stopped her up," said Fielding ; ''see what an unlucky fellow you are r Charlton.". . " It was you stopped me up more than Eoberi, ;Mr. Fielding," Janet said in great good humour, i" for you 1 told me to chatter away ?" . "Very well; and why don't you chatter iaway?" • " Oh, because I seemed to be only making a fool of myself, and one does not like that." " I wish I could make a fool of myself," . " Why so, Mr. Fielding ?" : " Because that would prove that the thing had not' yet" been- done, Janet; there would be soma comfort in that,"' : " Talking of people making fools of themselves," Bobert interrupted, " is it true what we hear about Mrs. Vanthorpe ?" . " What do you hear about her ?* " They say she. is going to be married." " Oh, I don't believe a word of it,"jsaid Janet. It's only some nonsense my aunt has got into her head c ; I wouldn't repeat such things, Bobert." " Why not ?' Where's the harm ? Mr. Fielding is sure to know whether it is true or isn't." ; " Why shonldI be sure to know?" Fielding asked.-'- - - * i " Well, because the story goes that she. is to be Lady'Fielding—that' she is going to marry your brother." ; ""Oh. Bobert 1" Janet protested. | "I know nothing about it," Fielding, said carelessly. " I am not by any meansiny brother's keeper; and Mrs. Vanthorpe isn't likely to eonsuit me. Come along, let us have, supper, and jet who will marry -or talk of marriages." He drew Janet's arm within his own, and swept her down the stairs, leaving Bobert to follow at such pace as suited him. Janet looked timorously into his faee as they went down. She wished her husband had not talked in such way ; she could not understand why he had Sone so; it was so unlike Bobert to repeat what he.was fond of calling women's silly gossip; and he generally professed the poorest opinion of anything said by Janet's aunt, even when it happened to be good sense. But Mr. Fielding aid not seem to have paid much attention to Robert's words; at least he talked and rattled all the way down as if he were in the highest spirits. 