JOHNNY GEDDES ; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER XXV. — I ESCAPE FRAE THE AUFU' PINNACLE, AND GIE THE DEID NIP TO THE TWA CHEAT-THE-WIDDIES. It was fell strange and eerisome, I can tell ye, to be on ane's back or side on sic an elevated point, feared to sleep or budge an inch, and yap enough to have eaten chuckie stanes and thoucht them baith sweet and saft. It was true that the bonnie clear starnies — the same that the great men of a' ages hae lookit up and all but worshipped — were glistering doon in my face, and the clear mune, wi' its calm and passionless face, undisturhed by my wild cries and prayers, was sailing majestically across the dark lift; and what were these lights to me? I was hungry, cauld, robbit, and doomed, as it seemed, to a fearful death. I was, indecd, past a' consolation from earthly scenery. Yet these surroundings were not without their influence upon me. Gazing tearfully up at the mune, and calling to mind the numberless wrangs, and woes, and griefs that it had lookit doon upon since the warld began, my thoughts were insensibly drawn frae mysel' — I got calmer, and a soothing feeling of trust in my Maker, who had hitherto been as a father to me, and who keeps a' thing sailing straught and majestic through the universe, let puny maun dae what he will, creepit like a heavenly balm oot owre my mind. I could even look un- disturbit owre the hedge of my prison doon on the greedy surf lapping the. rocks as hungry to get at me, and oot owre the calmer sea beyond, flashing green on the munelicht, feeling nae bitterness when no a vestage of a creeping sail rewarded my scrutiny. I could also, gin the hinder end, hae sleepit, but for the dreadful pangs of hunger. Of a' the griefs or afflictions in this warld, fend me frae that of an empty wame. Other troubles may be tholed, or, of themsel's put ye past feeling, but this one will not be repressed. Philosophy and religion are alike powerless at some ex- tremities to assuage or support its fearful cravings. Nae wonder, then, that under its influence I was soon to be goaded to exer- tions after liberty, which afore I would not have daured to put forth. At last the first creek o' day begoud to pale the sky towards the east. A deevil of a craw or a whaup cam' flaffering into my face just as I was dozing owre into sleep, and, thinking it was a ghaist or a spirit I started up and roused mysel' to survey mair anxiously my terrible surroundings. The mune was now white and shilpit-looking – like an auld man shrinking afore the young and rising generation ; and the starnies, following his example, were now melting and papping ooten sicht ane by ane. Look- ing towards the east, I now saw that great yellow forks of light were beginning to stream athwart the grey lift, tinging the snawy clouds doon at the horizon, deepen- ing the ruddier crimson, catching the sea itsel' at last, and causing it to glow and flash like ten thousand smiddy forges put together. Farrer and farrer owre the sea gaed the glorious and.gazing streams of light — chasing the shadows afore them, like evil spirits afore the angels of heaven, till all the placid bosom of the ocean was ae mighty, gently-heaving mass of molten gold, such as I, Johnny Geddes, could not look upon athoot winking and blinking like a hoolet or a bat. At the same time, every dark crevice on the rocky shore around me became lighted up and revealed ; the birds begoud to scream and chatter and flaffer awa' doon' to the sea, over whose cauld bosom they swept in search of their eaily chack of meat ; and looking doon from my resting place, I saw the tide, which had washed the cliff in the night, far back— showing a dark belt of rough rock owre which I could see mony a free and joyous partan scampering and running. "Oh, that my limbs were only as free as thine, O partan !" cried I, looking doon with an envious and hungry e'e. "And oh, that I was doon aside ye ! I wad eat ye up raw." The thoughts at last goaded me on to a pitch of madness in which. I hardly kent what I was aboot, and then I straggled and pu'd, and rowed, and tuggit, at the risk of tumbling owre and drappiag tapsalteerie doon on the ground, till with an awfu' wrench I got my arms free o' the cruel bonds. This accomplished, to free my legs and feet was an easy task, and then care- fully putting the rape of cloth on ae side, I took a look downwards. To driep sic a height I cud see at a glance was impossible ; it wad gi'en a cat her death though she had ha'en a thoosand lives. My e'en cam' wearily back again, and then they lighted on the queer rope that the scoundrels had drappit doon after me. Still I didna exactly jump at the thought of using it. To be forcibly lowered wi' a thing is ae thing, and to willingly trust your life to its frail tenure is another. While I hunkered there, swithering whether to use it or no, my e'e wandered to the sea, and there I beheld — oh, glorious sicht! — a fishing boat gliding smoothly across the bright waters, manned with its full complement of fishers. As sure's death, my heart gied sic a stoun' that ye could hae knockit me owre on the beach below wi' a strae ! This only lasted a minute, and then I was shouting and yelling blue murder to them to stop and hae me rescued. The fishers heard me, and looked anxiously and eagerly a' owre the sea doon the coast and up the coast ; but the doited fules never ance lookit up at my queer nest on the cliff. I screamed and yelled till I was hoarser tban a roopit craw ; but on glided tbe boat wi' the fishers laugh- ing and joking amang ilk ither at what they dootless considered a false alarm, or merely the deceptive cry of some whaup or craw. My feelings as the boat melted away on the sunlit sea I will not describe, for the simple reason that I canna. A' I ken is that I was now rendered desperate and reckless of all danger, that I faund mysel' busy fastening the queer rape to the trunk of the sturdy boor tree which grew out of the cliff close to my side; and the next minute, after a silent prayer to heaven, I was dangling in the air — scrambling, stotting, scarting, and dunting doonwards owre the rough cliff towards a sloping shelf farrer doon, which I had nae suner reached than I had to let go the end o' the rope and went shuddering doon on my hunkers at a bonny rate I can tell ye ; and then, wi' an awful dunsh on the hurdies, 1 felt mysel' stop, and found that the descent had been accomplished, and, though considerably scartit, dunted, and shooken, I was free ! My first feeling was frantic joy, and de- spite my sair hurdies, my skinned hands wi' the sudden friction of the rough rape, and my ain penniless condition, I shouted my thanksgiving abroad to the winds, with baith airms raised in ecstacy towards heaven, and my een filling with joyful tears. Then 1 danced and loupit and funkit like a' that—so exuberant, indeed, was my joy that I never ance thought of hunting for ane of the partans I had before lookit doon at sea hungrily, but at ance started west alang the rocky beach, in hopes of finding some opening in the cliff hy which I might ance mair reach the road I had been forced to leave. This I did successfully accomplish, though not without a sair fecht and a lang, lang tramp owre rough stanes and far past my destination, which of course was naething but the inn I had expectjt to put up at the night afore. At length, by cutting awa frae the shore, owre desolate tracks of sterile ground, covered wi' whins and varied wi' deep slopes and rocky hauchs, I came in sight o' the pickle hooses, in the midst o' which the wee bit inn reared its modest and ken- speckle front to welcome the weary traveller. A bonny, disjaskit-like figure I maun hae presentit — wi' my bare heid, white face, and torn claes— to say naething o' sundry scarts and clours on my usually soncy phisog — but at the door of the inn there was nane to see me but a wheen hens, pick- ing awa' at their breakfast, and painfully minding me that I was ready for mine. Inside, the warm scent of fried ham and eggs, wi' toastit scones and steaming coffee borne hurriedly ben by a servant lassie towards the tap room, set my mouth a-watering on the instant; but, afore I could follow her or mak' a snatch at ony o' the meat, the maister himsel' cam' oot frae the bar at the sound o' my step, and nae suner saw me than he stottit back against the wa' as if he had seen a wraith. "Gude save us a' ! is that ye, Johnny Geddes, or is it yer ghaist ?" he cried, turn- ing as white as a cloot in the face. "Od, sakes, man, ye needna' hae come to haunt me, I ne'er did ye an ill turn." "No, that ye didna," I heartily returned, "and I'm no come to haunt ye, but to seek your assistance in a waefu' plight. I've been robbit, man— and my life has been attempit — and a lock mair awfu' calamities has o'erta'en me that I hae'na breath to relate. But first tell me, did twa sailor like chaps — the taen wi' a treeleg, and the tither wi' but ae arm — stop here last nicht ?" " 'Deed did they," quoth he, starting at the description, "and what's mair, they're here noo — ben in the taproom, wi' a break- fast afore them fit for a king. But ye surely haena aught again them, for they've paid for everything forehanded, like princes." "Ay, wi' my gude siller, and what they may hae nippit aff other puir folk," I bitterly rejoined. "Lead me to their presence, and ye'll very sune see whether I hae aught against them," and withoot waiting for a reply, I impulsively left the bar and glided ben to the taproom. In the lobby there happened to be a wee pane o' glass which lookit into the room, and at this I stoppit to glowre in, in just fury and in- dignation on my twa dispoilers. They were seated as crouse and happy as ye like afore the steaming breakfast I had seen carried in — as thick as doug's heids thegither owre the spoil and siller they had ta'en frae me and ither folk, which they were busy divid- ing and tying up in their handkerchiefs for the greater care in carrying — cracking awa like pea-guns aboot their ain cleverness and my misfortune. "The fool will he half dead by this time," said Onearm, proceeding to pour out a luscious cup of coffee for himsel' and another for his chum. "Hunger and fear will soon settle him," "I hope so," grimly and savagely re- sponded Treeleg. "I hope he tumbled off and became food for the fishes. If he did there wouldn't be much of him left to accept our invitation and come here as a ghost — ha, ha, ha ! that was a good thrust, wasn't it ?" Maister Onearm didna seem sae muckle at ease as to be able to laugh owre it — he skailt a lock coffee owre the cloth and on his ain hand — and then said rather gloomily — "Well, they couldn't say we killed him; if he fell over it was his own fault — let's speak of something else." "Bah, what are you always in the shakers about ?" harshly continued Treeleg. "We've got his money, haven't we, and I got my revenge, and we're eating a com- fortable breakfast after sleeping in a soft bed, while he is shivering and starving on the cliff — ha, ha, ha! that's something worth laughing about." "So it is, ha, ha, ha !" laughed the other, and he lifted the big plate of ham and eggs to help his companion, but just as he did sae his e'e litted on the pane o' glass, dis- closing my white and wrathful face. The plate fell smash among the dishes on the table, couping the sugar basin and scalding Treeleg's hand and face wi' coffee maist un- mercifully ; and, then, wi' his een starting ooten their sockets, he gaed slowly back- wards, carrying chair and a' thing wi' him,, and flappit doon on his hurdies, the maist abject and pitiable spectacle of terror that a man could gaze upon. Tree- leg's temper, however, being nane o' the best, and his back being turned to- wards me he couldna be expectit to either understand or appreciate the sudden move- ment; and, without taking time to think or enquire, he uttered a roar like a bull from the pain of the scalding coffee, snatched up a jug of hot water frae the table and banged it bodily, water and a', and with unerring aim, at Onearm's heid, on whose hard cone it splattered into a hundred bits, causing the scalding water to play wheeshle doon aboot his lugs, and making him yell like a stickit soo. "Blast you, what did you let the plate drop for ?" yelled Treeleg, blawing wi' all his might at his scalded arm and hand ; but, as might be expeckit, his chum wasna in a fit state to reply. Still, terrible as was his agony, fear was yet uppermost, for in spite o' the pain he keepit yerking his thoomb towards the pane o' glass till the other turned and lookit, and saw naething, I having left tne spot with the intention of entering the room by the door. "What the d— l do you mean ?" I heard Treeleg thunder oot as I disappeared, and then faintly came the reply — "The ghost ! the ghost of the murdered pedlar ! I swear I saw it there this minute." "Fool! You're always croaking about something of the kind," growled the other, drawirg in his chair, and sitting down to breakfast. "Open the window and throw out these broken dishes, or we'll have to pay for them — quick now ; and wipe your wet hair and sit down comfortably, and let's hear no more silly stuff about ghosts. Good God ?" He uttered the last ex- clamation as I banged the door open and faced him. Then his jaws drappit apart, and let oot the moothfu' o' food he had been about to swallow, and then uttering a long stuttering roar of terror he went crashing backwards. I raised my hand and was about to speak, when, with a scream, he sprang at the open window — through which his chum had already vanished, dashed through, and dis- appeared at a speed that I never saw equalled afore or since. Fain wad I had followed, but the deli- cious scent o'.tbe breakfast was owre muckle for me. I stoppit — I sniffed — I sat doon. Then the astonished landlord cam pappin' in, and owre tlie neglected breakfast which I was rapidly putting ooten sight I related. the adventures of the night. These could not but deeply interest him, and as soon as I had concluded — that is, finished my story and the breakfast for twa — we turned our attention to the bundles left by the rogues on the hasty flight. Here a surprise awaited me, for not only did I find all my ain siller, but a lock mair forbye, which the landlord insisted on me taking as just compensation for the loss and damage I had received at their hands. This ended my second pliskie wi' the genteel beggar ; but I was to meet him ance mair, and the relation of that maist awesome and terrific affair I maun keep to anither chapter. (To be continued.) 