A:5oung ( Sailbrfs/Story. ..T ft Tj'iBwe| years, ago I. shipped-.on board ,' the ;J!?ig>'r|v Gaptain Phillips. ' !; Qnr ; voyage was?.to Hilo,' Sandwich Islands,' -i'.'andVback to.'Paget ;Souhd, ' whonceiwe '*,' B_ailed. Tlie captain,' officei-B, and crew' I.? aware, .wbeii'-I'joined, all 'Americans ami f. (iWest jjhdinmcri .; ;but; as another hand . wa?vwanted, besides tmyjielfy J;. persuaded JaVk a jovial" Englishman with whom 1 bad* become friendly, te fill.'up . '.the"vacancy. Our captain was a Tartar ;; ..arid.; no;, mistake ;.and:ns he .had. the jeye of a hawk, no fault committed by rjinn or boy escaped'him. ' '1 his was especially unfortunate for mi English shipmate, who it wiis j-.bi.ii, ha' not been bronght up iih a salt, Hu hnd shipped on'.nj/le ,i':'soaSrien's'''wag_H ; but his deficiencies ,*i,,wi>rb(.'B6'Uiiony -and glaring that .our enptuin,' who s/onied.to wntch his move-. . merits more curelullyj than tho?O of ihe '. .rest of.tho,crew, often inflicted ,iipon him' punishments painful to witness. One night, when I was at the wheel, the wind roso into a gale. The captain came"on deck nnd Bet all hands to reef tho topsails. Tho mon were manning . the halyards to hobit away, when poor ?Chester, instead of letting go the reef tackle,; lot go the weather fore-topsail ',' .brace, and away wont the yard fore and , aft. - .By-.luffing up/ smartly, however, ? we-managed to get it checked without ' carrying anything away. But Captain ~ Phillips,.frothing', at ; tho mouth, swore "lie would tnn tho foolish lubber'n hide who .had done, bo clumsy a thing. . Saying which, ho rushed at Chester with a picco of ratline, which ho brought jivdownKupon his!back ? and shoulders, .giving:; thcni a fearful cut. -, Ho was in 'the act of raising it again, all 'hands -looking "it in silence, when a voice from aloft roared out, " Hold your hand 1" Tho voice wns wonderfully loud and ! clear, seemingly coming from tho main top. Tho captain fell back, and looking up cried, in great rage, "Aloft there!" "Halloa I" wns tho answer back. ," ,Cbme down upon tho deck," was tho captain's imperious order. " Como up hero and see how you like it," was the contotiiptuous rcsponab. " Cown down, I say, upon the deck," foniricd the cap tain. " Como up and fetch mc," re turned tho voico from aloft. "Who is up there, Mr. Kassoui 1" criod tho cap stan., appealing to tho first officer. " No onu. sir," wns the reply, "as far ns I ran ? i'seb j all; seem present on deck." Tho captein's rage was now terrible to wit ness. " AIT seem present, Mr. Rassom ? What do you mean by that, sir ; I ask . you again, who is up there ?" " No ono : known to mc, sir, returned tlio mate, " all are present; all are on deck, in sight." Such was the case. But the " second' mate, without awaiting orders, Bprang up the rigging, anil looked over the.top-rim, then made the.circuit of it, "'looking nil round tho mast-head, and ;:> "then reported himself alono. "?" Then the ; i, ship,niust bo.haunted I" cried tho chief mate. The captain horcupon dropped tho rope's end which ho had held in his hand nnd "wont, below. It wns ovident that ho wait strangely affected by what hnd occurred. And ao my fcllow countryinnH escaped further punishment that night. .But in a few days our, skipper hnd forgotten his -ears, and looking out for ~ another object upon whom to vent his spleen, I had tho ill-fortuno to feel his 'jf.Syrathy;.? He, ordered iri.., to make, a knot In the bud of. an .old fugged rope to be nrised'fwr.n lashing. 'In-'a ! little while I returned, sayiug, that I bad made the best job I could of n ropo which was quite fagged out. "Fagged, is it?" '?"-.cried ho acornfully ; "then I'll finish ir, over your lubberly back." " No you i won't, roared out a voice from behind the.'.longboat. " VVha won that?" he 'cried,- in a storm of wrath, adding— "Let mo know who it is, and I'll thrii?h liiui within an inch ot his life." ", Will you ? hah 1 hah 1 hah 1" was tho mock ing reply,' dropping seemingly from tho .maintop. It was broad daylight when this took place, so everyone could boo that there wns no ono up there. I was , as much startled and mystified by tho. occurrence as was tho captain ; but he went below filled with more fear than \- ?? rago, throwing behind him, as ho stepped upon tho cabin-ladder, tho ropo's-end 'which, had so vexed him. Erom that '~. day ii was clear to us all that Captain „'Phillips was tormented by apprehensions of coming dian?tcr An idea was fixed in his mind that bis ship was visited by a spirit from tho invisible world, who preferred to make itself heard rather than seen. And this idea wos strengthened by tho fact that when ho was on deck, and became nngry nt tho conduct of any of tho mon, especially when his anger ? was made manifest in oaths and blows, tho unseen but over vigilant visitor from afar would—perched apparently upon the top of tho mniumnst —utter the insolent laugh or the dolorous warning. Thus matters wont on until wo were within two days' sail of tho Islands. ; „ All the whilo our poor captain had boon ,-? kopt from tyranny by bin fears of the ; ybico j but now, exasperated by. some fault of seamanship on the part of Chester, and being the worse for liquor, bo hurled a bolaying-pin at.him, which struck him on tho head. Clapping both hands thereon, with n yell ho rushed into tha forecastle. It was-evident the ' gypper expected to hear the tolcc, for .lo looked nervously aloft; but when all was silent in; : that? direction,?hisi courage returned, and ho .desired tho second officer.to call Chester back to the deck. Getting noanswer to his cull, the mato went below, when he, found tbo poor fellow delirious. Returning to tbe deck, ho reported him to be in a dangerous condition. . This Ailed the captain with '.fear. Ho ordered .that every' attention should be. paid him, which done. T|iat night it became necessary to havo all hands on deck to reef, nnd whilo wo wero on theyards an awful cry, liko that of a maniac, arose from the bows of tho vessel, and next moment Beveral of us saw a human form on tho rail near tho, fore-swifter, and then a.loud splash was heard in tho water tinder our lee. . Tlio captain and chief officers who wero,on deck'rushed to the Hide. A hat was; seen fora moment hobbing oil tho crest of a wave ; the maniacal scream was repeated, when Captain Phillips, himself uttt-ring Q cry, fell senseless on tho dock. Forty-eight hourslafter this wo entered tho port of Hilo. A vast change had come over the crow. Tho captain, knowing their peculiarities, hod supplied them with money and copious libations of whisky ; ho, instead of reporting him to tho conHul, as they declared they would, they were ready to shont his praises all day long. In this, however, I did not agree ; but unable to bring the tyrant to justice singlerhanded, I resolvod ;to quit tho Niger. I did so, but after hiding in the woods Bovoral days - , I was caught and brought back to' tho ship. ? Wo. sol Bail on.our return voyage. Captain. Phillips Syas an-, altered roan. He abstained from spirits, he controlled . his toniper, 'and this, with tlio addition ol a lino -sternly breeze,'.nlndd onr lives on board'happy.' But, oliis I we were doomed to' a sod ? ending-rup! of tho voyngo. Keeping too near. ,tbo land, and a squall laying ?|old on tlio sliip,' we wore driven on a lce-Bhoro. It was just after midnight when wo struck, and- the darkness was terrible. Tho shock aroused mo from my slumbers, andicnp ing out of my hammock I ran on deck. I could,see nothing save tho wild waters racing over the deck. I cried out to my shipmates, but got no answer. It was not possiblo to rench the nftor-pnrt of the vossel where the life-belts were kept, so, acting on tho impulse of the motnont, I leopt into tho sea. Catching hold of a friendly rock, I was Bavcd. Daylight came after a weary waiting. Tho first thing I saw was tho dead body of poor Captain ..Phillips, and not far from it that of our Chinese cook. Tho rest' wero saved.' Wo'made our way .to. Portland, whero we wero paid l off. Thbnce I proceeded to San Francisco. I had often asked myself whenco came thoso strange voices and fearful words which had so alarmed our captain nnd put most of tho crow in torror, and 1 had bo opportunely on ono occn?ion Rnvcd mo from the vengeance of our captain. . But it was beyond my powor to answer the inquiry, neither could the mate nor nny of the survivors throw light thereupon. Poor Chester, whon with us our most intelligent shipmate, seemed to bo ns much in the ilnrk ns tbo rest of us, but ho wns not iv the least put out of the way by tho occurrences, though ho fore showed in others the supernatural idea. Strolling nlimg the streets ot Ban Francisco one night, about a yonr after the wreck, ready for oiiything in tho way of amusement that might turn up, my oyo caught a large poster which announced tho wonderful doings of Pro fessor Meredith—" the unrivalled; nnd world-renowned ventriloquist." "This," thought I, " shall be tlio source of my evening's enjoyment." Turning my face in tho direction of tho " Hnll of Science and Emporium of Amusement," I wns soon seated in a snug corner in tho.body of the building, and wns not long in being carried away by tho wonderful sayings and doings of tbo professor. At last ho told us that ho would libld an imaginary conversation with a person up the chimney. Ho did so. When in the midst of a diulogue, tho person up tho chimney gavo a derisive ?'Hah,; hah, hah 1" I was startled, and sprang from my sent. " Surely," said I, half.aloud, " that is tho voice, and tone, nnd words which more than onco came from tho maintop of tho Niger." And while I wns staring at tho professor, with eye's ready to leap out of their sockets, ho came to-tho front ot tho stage to perform his part. Tbon, in spite. of bis flowing' ?beard and other decorations, I saw iv Professor Meredith tho identical; Jack Chester, who, over twolvo months before, was beliovod to have leaped in a fit of madness into the sea, and was drowned. " Chester 1" 1 cried out, in my oxcite ment. " Sit down I"' cried oiio : ?" put Imih out," said'.somo -others. In the "nioanwhilo I had como to. myself, nud resumed my scat, but not before I hud got from the professor'- n sign of recog nition. ? When tho performance was over, my. old shipmate, for it, was he,- beckoned mo to him, and taking mo to'bin private room, ho grasped? my hnnd in all the fervency of ardent friendship. "Sit' down, Henry, my boy," ho said,." and you Bhall havo tho solution of the mys tery which hangs over mo and tho post." " How came you to bo saved frotii n watery grave on that awlul night when you plunged into tho raging sea ?" I impatiently asked. " 1 did not pimp overboard," replied Chester, laughing, " neither wns I any less snuo than I am at this moment. Tbe entire nffnirwiiK a trick of my own invention to frighten tho captain, and then got away from his clutcliC?. My madness was n shnin, and tho .man overboard wns simply n bundle of old logs, topped by my old hat, which I had just put together. The moment I pitched them over the rail I slipped down into tho fore-peak, whero 1 lay hid until tho night aftor tho ship entered tho port, when I stolo out and went on shore. I hnd taken euro to lny up plenty of jnnk, nnd I mannged to avoid detection until tho Niger sailed. Tho cries which you hoard from the innintop, from behind the long-bont, nnd in the cubin, I need not now explain." " No," said I, " nil is made clear by tbo doings of this night."? "Exactly so," : said ..ho { nnd then ho continued—,"X hnd performed aa a ventriloquist in most largo cities'and towns in Europe before you knew mc ; but Incoming somewhat restless in my habits, I look to tho sea, and in tbe capacity of a sailor found my way to Paget Sound. But I had not in' mc the stuff of which sailors are mado, so: after, my adventures on board- the Niger I went back fo my old profession, in which I.have done well. I f?nnot say that I pitied the cnjitain," added Chester; " his cruelty to mo was ter rible, and he would possibly have ended by killing mc, but for my fortunate gift of ventriloquism. All's woll that ends well." " True," I returned ; " nud I rejoice that-you aro - nlivb to?,say so. You kept your...-secret famously, for nailer, Captain Phillips nor, any, of his crew ever suspected that incapable Jack Chester was the ghost that' haunted tbo W\£or\—Abridged from the Argosy,' 