NEWS OF THE DAY. THEED of tho Republics of South America-Chili, Peru, and Bolivia-are now thoroughly in for a war, the two latter being allied with each other against Chili. Tho quarrel originated between Bolivia and Chili regarding certain guano and nitrate deposits, which are a source of revenue to the respec- tive Governments of both countries, and this resulted ia the occupation of Bolivian territory by Ohilian troops. Peru, between which country and I Chili a largo amount of jealousy is said to exist, I remonstrated on behalf of Bolivia, but her remonstrances havo been unheeded. According to ; latest accounts, the utmost exasperation prevailed in Chili against Peru, aud tho authorities had great difficulty in restraining the people from outbreaks of violence. A trial of the naval and rnilitaiy strength of tho three republics is the result of the dis ' puto. Our cablegrams of this morning inform us of a naval engagement between two Chilian warships, and a j Poruvian ironclad. As all three vessels sank, the I result may bej'egarded as indecisive. Whatever the Chilian vessels were, Peru has lost her best ship. j The ironclad frigate Independencia . was the most im [ portant vessel in the Peruvian Navy. She was built in London, and, according to hor description in the I Statazman's Tear Book, had a stem constructed as a ram. The armament,consisted entirely of Armstrong guns-twelvo 70-pounders of 4 tons each on tho main deck ; and two pivot guns, 150-pounders, weighing 7 tous each, on the upper deck. The loss of such a vessel in war-time cannot but provo serious to the Power that owned her. With regard to the Zulu war, it would seem that tho .British Government seo no immediate prospects of peace, when they givo orders for the embarkation at once of additional reinforcements for the Cape. From onr own correspondent at Gaile we learn something of the health of Mr.. Berry, who is on his return journey. He is said to be in much better health, and to have recovered the uso of his hands. Our commercial telegrams give us the state of the London markets on the 28th and 29th instant. THE total aroa of land conditionally purchased at Armidale, Bingera, Glen Innes, Inverell, Tenterfield, Walcha, and "Warialda respectively, from the 1st January, 1868, to the 81st December, 1877, inclusivo, ia thus set forth in a return ordered by the Legislative Assembly on the motion of Mr. Dillon :-Armidale, 818,154 acres; Bingera, 10,517 acres; Glen Innes, I 08,248 acres; Inverell, 191,510 acres 8 roods; Tenter- field, 50,888 acres ; Walcha, 16,060 acres; Warialda, 253,805 acres. The districts of Bingera and Walcha were proclaimed on the 20th April, 1877. THE following is a oopy of a petition which has been presented to the Legislative Assembly, from a meeting held at the Haymarket, on the 17th'May, 1879: " That your petitioners, alive to the calamitous results of the Lands Aot of 1861, and the Lands Act of 1875, which have led to the accumulation of enormously large estates in the hands of a few rich individuals, and the almost total extinction of bona fide free selectors, view with alarm the present Lands Amend- ing Bill, which, if allowed to become law, would not only aggravate the evil a hundred-fold, but causo the country to lose many millions pounds sterling. That for these and other reasons, your petitioners particularly object to clauses 2, 3, 4,0, and 12 of tho said bill. Tour petitioners therefore pray your hon. Houso to throw out the said Lands Amending Bill on its third reading, and grant the country enlarged representation before the great question of tho lands is taken into consideration." Own hundred and fifty residents of Paddington and Woollahra have again petitioned Parliament on tho subjoct of tho Glonmore and Point Piper Hoads. In tho seventh paragraph of their petition they allege: " That your honorable Houso granted, during a recent Bession, a sum of monoy which was to be applied to tho repairs of the two roads which are tho subject of this petition ; and that such grant, amounting, as your petitioners are informed, to a sum of £6000, has not as yet been applied to the purposes for which it was granted, and by such delay your petitioners feel them- selves aggrieved." A nsTOBM laid beforo Parliament shows that the value of tho iron supplied for the International Exhi- bition by Messrs. John Macintosh and Son, up to the 9th May, wns £352 5s. Tns International Exhibition Commission met, yesterday afternoon. Sir John Hay presiding, The Bxeoutivo Commissioner's report contains among other nows of interest, » communication from Sir Daniel Cooper, chowing what is being done in London on behalf of tho Exhibition, and enolosing also an oddross ? made by the Prinoe of Wales to tho Eoyal Commission for the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions. Plans, and spécifications for the two maohinory halls referred to last week wore submitted, and tho Bxeoutivo Com- missioner was authorized to call for tenders for their ereotion. Tenders will bo oalled for on Monday next. A report brought up by the Finance Committee shows that the sum of £1809 16s. ld. has boen oxpendod by tho Cotnmission up to the present date, and that there ors accounts outstanding amounting to about £600. ME. P. STANLEY, the Mayor of Redfern, in com- pliance with a requisition adressod to him, couponed a meeting to be hold last night at the Municipal chambers, to adopt a petition to his Excellency the Lieutonant-Governor and tho Executive Council, praying that tho sentence of death passed upon the prisoners recently convicted of rape may be commuted. A good number of persons, considering the inclemency of the weather, assembled on the occa- sion. Mr. G. Renwiok, J.P., was called upon to take the chair, and the meeting was addressod by the Eev. Messrs. Slatyor, Moore, and Curtis, and by Mosers. F. Lee, H. Hudson, Williamson, H. H. Newman, and Ohristie. A form of petition was read and unani mously adopted, which tho chairman was requested to sign on bohalf of the meeting. A vole of thanks to the chair- man dosed the business. THE Mining Department, we are informed, have adopted a very simple and effectual plan to cure an evil that has long existed with ' rogard to the non fulfilment of the conditions attached to gold-mining leases. Great complaints have long been made that the labour conditions in many instances have not been duly fulfilled. In order to remedy this the department has prepared statements which have been printed-ono for Hill End, ono for Adelong, one for Braidwood, and another for the remaining portion of the Southern Gold-fields; and another is in print for the Lachlan. These statements show the date of tho leases, the names of the lessees, the area, and the' number of men to be employed. These printed forms are now circulated in the several districts, and published at the local courthouses, so that any person can see at a glance the number of men that ought to be employed on any particular lease. If the proper number are not so. employed notice, can be given to tho department, and steps will be at once taken to cancel the lease, and thus put a stop to the pernicious practice of " shepherding " these leasoE. THE weather about Sydney continues extremely changeable and unpleasant, though very seasonable. Yesterday morning broke dull and heavy ; but glimpses of sunshine about 10 or ll o'clock gave hope of a fine afternoon. About noon, however, a light rain commenced, and continued more ot leas throughout the night. ? At intervals the rain came down heavily. The streets, »9 they always are in such weather, are extremely . muddy. As for the footpaths, the rain has served to bring out their defects to the apparent discomfiture of every one, but the officers whose duty it is to seo that the side- walks of the main thorougfares aro kept in good con- dition. AN appeal has been made to the publio on behalf of Mrs. Morgan, who charitably sheltered Mrs. Ogilvio and her child when the latter was dying of scarlet ' fever, and has been liberally responded to. The Hon. Thomas Holt headed a subscription list in oid of Mrs. Morgan with £5, which was supplemented by a sum of £2 deposited in the hands of the Inspector-G-eneral by an unknown person, and the list has since been aug- mented until it has reached a total of over £18. More subscriptions are coming in, and it is probable, that Mrs. Morgan will not suffer by her charitable action, as it seemed likely at first that she would. A EEtrsioN of members of the N. S. W. Academy of Artj will take place thiB evening, at the hall of the Academy. We understand that, as on former occa- sions, Herr Kretschman, and other talented artists have kindly volunteered to render some classical music during the evening, which will, no doubt, bo appre- ciated by the members. As will bo seen by our advertising columns, subscribing members have the privilege of introducing the ladies of their f amities. THE ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of the chancel end of SS. Simon and Jude's Church, Campbell street, Surry Hilis, by the Eight Rev. tho Bishop of Sydney, will, as per advertisement, take place this afternoon, at 8 o'clock. THE general sittings of the Central Criminal Court were resumed at Darlinghurst yesterday, before his Honor Sir William Manning. Mr. Lee appeared for the Crown. Several prisoners who had previously beeu convicted were brought up for sentence. William Wells, found guilty of manslaughter, he having killed a man namad Higgins, at the Grafton ferry, on the Clarence Uiver, was sentenced to fivo years on the roads. The evidence against this prisoner was circum- stantial. He crossed the ferry with Higgins, in the absence of the ferryman, and returned and informed tho police that Higgins had been drowned, and that although he had seen him swimming in the river he had mado no effort to save him. It was supposed that they had quarrelled in tho boat-about a £l-note which Wella thought Higgins had stolen from him. Higgins's body was recovered. Tho nose was swollen, and bruises were on the head, which appeared to have been inflicted by an oar or some other blunt instrument. Wells, it seems, wa3 very excitable under the influence of drink. Thomas Johns, alias John F. Edwards, found guilty of bigamy, was sentencod to two years' imprisonment. His Honor appeared to think that the punishment usually inflicted on bigamists was not sufficiently severe.-Thomas Leybourne, the mild-mannered youth who had been found guilty of assaulting a Frenchman in Kent-street and robbing him of some gold coins, was sent to prison for threo years. This is the case in which his Honor said tho assault amounted to garoting. Robert Davis, alias Emmet, alias Johnson, alias Thomp- son, aa innocent looking young man, found guilty of ¡ garotting a man almost double his size, was sentenoed to seven years on the roads, the first two of which he will have to serve in irons. He trembled visibly j "while his Honor proceeded to pass sontenco upon him, l and evidently dreaded a prospectivo flogging moro than any term of imprisonment. He seemed intensely relieved when he learned that his punish- ment was reduced to imprisonment only. His case was a bad ono, and there were several convictions against him. A short term of imprisonment and a taste>of the cat would appropriately meet the sort of crime this prisoner was guilty of.-Joseph Izrael, con- victed, on the previous evening, of having conspired to defraud Isaao Himmolhock of a large sum of money, was sentenced to three years' hard labour. Peisley, his companion in tho misdemeanor, was sentenced to twelve months. A serious record of crime was proved against Izrael. Tho police know nothing ,df Peisley. It hos been stated that Mr. Himmelhoch will institute civil proceedings for the recovery of some of the money he was defrauded of.-James Bolger, late publican of the Cornstalk Inn, and Timothy J. Kelly, charged with forffJUtand uttering, were found not guilty.. His r Honor will sit this morning, in Order to finish the business of the sittings. Three cases remain on the list. Two only are likely to be dealt with. The third, in which a sailor named Talbot is charged wdth man- slaughter, will probably be dealt with during the approaching Quarter Sessions. I Is tho action Eoberts v. Clay, tried yesterday in the ' Banco Court, in which the plaintiff, who had obtained licenses to procure and export guano from the Lough Ion and Purdy Islands, was suing to recoyer damages for tho breach of a charter party, wherein a vessel had been chartered from the defendant to proceed to those islands and load guano, the damages were assessed at £3185. TUB following is the order /'of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral for Whit Sunday, 1st June : Magnificat, Arnold in A ; Nuno Dimittis, Arnold in A; anthem, "0, Holy Ghost, into our minds," &o.; (Creighton). THE Princo of Wales brass- band'will perform on Smith's Hill, Balmain, this afternoon, the following programme, under tho leadorship of Mr. J. Summers : I.March, " Remembrance " (Hartmann) J 2. Waltz, -" Nelly Gray " (Summers) } 8. Quadrille, " Covent Garden" (Coote) ; 4. Schottische, *' Castle of Flowers" (Summers) i 6. Lanoers, " Carnival " (Budd) ; 0. March, *' Thy dear voice " (Smith) ¡ 7. Polka, " Prince ' of Wales" (Summers) ( 8. Waltz, "Adieu" (Snol liing); 0. Schottische, "Frasendine" (Mills;j lu. Quadrille Promenade (Coote) ) ll. Galop, " You may Was me/' ¿¡o. (Summers) ; 12. " God save the Queen/' TUB Surry Hills Young Men's Christian Association h4ld their first Gospel-tent service on Thursday even- ing last, on a vacant pieoe of land off Biley- street, and opposite St> Uavld's Churorii The inauguration service waa precoded by a tea-meeting, whioh was hold in the gohoolroom adjoining, tho assembly repairing to the tent ot its oloeo. Tho proceedings, os may be antici- pated, wore o£ an entirely devotional character, and wero interspersed by tho singing of several appropriate hymns. Tho Messrs. J. Pepper and.. W. Harris, proaident and ex-president of the Association, briefly reoountod the circumstances. under which the Gospel-tent idea had originated, traced its working, and referred to the great spiritual blessings whioh had resulted from these services at Melbourne, being conducted there in a tent of very large magnitude. As illustrative of the success of tho Surry Hills Association it was stated that it had grown from 9 to 93 member i, and that from this number several were engaged in suburban localities, carrying out its principles. Referring to matters financial it was said that after paying for the tent tho society had a balance of £6 los., and that this, supple- mented by tho proceeds from tho tea-meeting, would probably cover the expenses of both the Boating and lighting now required. It also transpired that it was not intended to contine the work of this tent to one particular locality, the inten- tion being to visit various' portions at stated times. Each speaker spoke of tho good praotical results which had followed from the formation of this association and others of a kindred charaoter, and anticipated still better ones in the pursuit of these Gospel-tent services. The Eevs. J. D. Langley and Colvin delivered two short addresses | this, with prayer by Mr. Harrison »nd the singing of a hymn, bringing the., proceedings to a close. A srEETrs-o of . gentlemen was held in the Tem- perance Hall, on Tuesday last, to consider the propriety of opening a Coffee Palace or Temperance Hotel on a large scale. A resolution affirming the necessity for such an institution was adopted, nem. con. It tran- spired that tho promoters had the offer of a suitable site, which it was determined to accept. It is proposed to establish the hotel on the joint stook principle, and a prospectus will shortly be issued. Mn. JOSES, jeweller, of Hunter-street, has just completed nine very neat gold souvenirs to the order of the Hon. G. Thornton, M.L.O. They are to be pre- sented to tho winning crew in the Intercolonial Match which takes place to- day, and will form very pleasing mementos for the victors. Eight of the trophies are of shield form, with gold cable all round, and plain gold outer rims. On the one side gre a pair of SCUUB coupled by a wreath in bold relief, and on tho reverse is in- scribed that the medal had been presented in honour of the colony. Tho coxswain's trophy is a Maltese cross also Of gold. ..¿AT .a recent meeting of the New South "Wales Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society, it -was.decided to hold the annual exhibition on the 29th, 80th, and 81st July next. The preparation of the schedule is now in the hands of the committee, who will shortly issue it for the information of intending exhibitors. It has been decided to double tho amount of prizes awarded at tho last show. Tho following list of flying matches , for tho next quarter has been adopted:-May 81, Douglas Park, 45 miles, for young birds, for all- | comers; Juno 14, Douglas Park; July 5, Moss Vale, 80 miles ; July 26, Marulan, 117 miles ; August 16, Goulburn, 134 miles ; September 6, Gunning, 169 I miles. Tue Commissioners of the International Ex- hibition, in order to encourage tho breeding of long- distance Antwerps, have offered a large silver medal for competition from Binalong, 204 miles, the race for which will take place in October. Os Tuesday last a salo was held at tho Presbyterian j Church, Regent-street South, Redfern, for the disposal ¡ of goods left unsold from bazaar in aid of the building fund for the new church ; and in the evening a concert, | at which the Rev. T. J. Curtis took tho chair, was.given in conneotion with the sale. Mrs. Ourtis and Miss Spenco presided at the fancy goods stall, and assisted at the concert, in which Mr. T. Spence, Mrs. Wainright, and Miss Rachel Watson also took part Mr. Paterson kept a refreshment stall. There was a good attendance, and the result was satisfactory. Six very fine Clydesdale draught entires (says the Argus of Wednesday) arrived yesterday from London, j by the True Briton. They have been imported by Mr. j J. Trestrail, who had a previous consignment of four a short time ago, and the present horses are quite equal to those which preceded them. Pour of them-Sir James, The Gentleman, Rob Roy, and Pencot-are by the celebrated sire Prince of Wales; the fifth, Robin the Laird, is by Lorne ¡ and the eixth,- Royal George, is by Prince of Kilbride. They are all in splendid order and condition, and have evidently been well carod for on the voyage out. Yesterday they underwent the usual veterinary examination before landing, and received a plentiful application of Sullivan's disinfectant. Four handsome Shet- land ponies, quite tiny animals, and a greyhound also came out by the same vessel. A very fine specimen of a Shorthorn bull has just arrived for Mr. G. W. Scrivener, of Caiwarro station, Paroo River, Queens- land, to the order of Messrs. King and Cunningham, of this city. He came by the ship Tithonus, from London, now lying alongside the Sandridge railway pier, and goes to the quarantine ground to remain the necessary time before starting for Queensland. He is named Masterman, is a beautiful red and white, was calved 5th September, 1877, by Model (34,861), dam Prairie Bird 5th, by Cherry of Sarsden (21,408). Before leaving England he won first prize at the Devon county meeting, held at Honiton; also first prize at Royal Agricultural Society of England, at Bristol, 1878. AN official communication from. Mr. Chester, Go- vernment Resident at Thursday Island, in reference to the Torres Straits pearl fisheries (says the Rockhampton Bulletin, of May 22), was some time since forwarded to tho Secretary of State for the Colonies, and in ac- knowledging ita receipt Sir Michael Hioks-Beaoh re- quests that, as the fishery, from which this colony would appear to derive a considerable rovenue, is now carried on within its boundaries, Sir Arthur Kennedy will impress upon his Government the duty which is thus entailed upon tho colony of making provision for the constant supervision and control of the persons engaged in this trade. He' further requests that Mr. Ohester be instructed to make a further report, in which it should be stated whether any establishments for the prosecution of pearl fishery exist outside tho Queens- land boundaries, and also (if it is possible to give .this information) what becomes of tho South Sea Islanders and'other natives when they leave tho j fishing grounds. The Secretary ot State by the same.opportunity trans- mits to the Governor of Queensland a copy of-a . report by Commander Digby, respecting these.fisherles, which has been forwarded to thé Admiralty .hy. Commodore , Hoskins, and, in conclusion, he expresses ,his satisfac- tion at the testimony borne by.Commander Digby to the good treatment experienced by the natives at the fishery, as well as to the comparatively orderly charoo . tar pf.^B; pearl fishers as a body. 