The old English story of King Canute and his courtiers has a deeper meaning in it than most readers saspect. Its' true moral is, not the gross flattery which is sometimes lavished on royal personages by their servile minions, tint the absolate powerlessness of even regal authority to alter the conree of nature, or to check the tide of popular progress. -Campbell, in hi? " Pleasures of Hope," catches np the right interpretations— "Tyrants! in vain ye trace the wizard ring; In vain ye Jimit mind'j unwearied spring.^ The world advances always in spite of a}' obstroction; and'tbey who attempt to stay its onward -movement run imminent danger of being themselves crashed; joist as old Canute, instead of compelling the waveis to retire by his command, come'very near getting drowned by them. A very striking illustration of the trnth of the ancient legend is seen "in* the change which is' rapidly coming over the relations between the landed - aristocracy ,and the_ land they own, tn the old country^ -The forte of this change, and its-certainty, are scarcely yet apprehended " by" Australian ' readers. Bat the facts are indubitable, and their significanoe is eomething astonishing. We have already lin . these •, columns dwelt- on the magnitude of the agricultural crisis which at present prevails in England, and pointed oat the canBes of it. Say after day there comes fresh intelligence from the other side of the world corroborating the statements Eighty farmers from Yorkshire, we learn,, with, on an average, £500 each, have started in a batch for the Far West, and many others from all parts'of England are preparing to follow. This wholesale exodoB means-that farming, as-a profitable -pursuit, is dying ont in the mother country. But this is not-the only symptom-of the impending\Tevolntion:in regard to landed property. A Royal Commission is'enquiring into the'' whole subject, with a view to a remedy for the existing depression. Bat, whilst It is pursuing its labors, -there are many of the leading-joarnals and leading statesmen who do "not hesitate to express their belief that nothing will come, of the,same. The malady liestoodeep, andistoo far gone, for cure of any kind that even Parliament can devise. It is of no use for landlords to redncetheir rents, or to grant additional privileges to their tenantB. The simple fact is that tenant .farming no .longer pays. . . What, then, is to be done ? 'is the next question. Is the land to be flowed to go out of cultivation ?• Is the whole country to become \--like Eiveriaa—one vast pastas ground ?, Ia the. immense population of the small island to be -thrown upon foreign eapplies Tor the very bread they eat ? These are suggestions of even painful interest. But the troth is, - even these suggestions do riot meet the case. Supposing alt these things to happen, the landlords would not be better off, but worse. They would sink at once frim aristocrats into sheep and cattle-breedere, and with no very bright prospect of maMngthe new avocation pay. What, theD, is to be done ? Must the aristocracy resign their -Htnk and -privileges, -and come down irom their lofty elevation to mingle witfc tbe common crowd ^plebeians ? Most dotes and earls become-merchantej lords and r nobles take to shepherding, and barons and baronets «pen shops like vulgar tradespeople? 1 in b word, must England conEQit to abandon heir illustrious Nobility ? Really, it^seem's aslf thiBgs were fast coming e ' to "this " pass. For, "several "men" ,6f Lord TTATtTIHGTOKj apd 3oHN BBIGHT tove been publicly uttering their, opinions; ion- the matter; and they one iill^tyjree . fhat eotae raQic^l In: ' die.. taibre'. of landed;, -jtmperty lias. 1 • jat length " tecome : ' imperatively neceasary, -TEtie^ j.hint. plainly at =fiie "emandpation of ttie land." Aajl^fet does this phrase mean ? It means nothibg L^.tiwn" t}ie atiolitioB ; bf thWie laws^of IMib^geEltuna e n t a i l , C h e whole, aristocratic' ey«tran rests as im a ioinidatiphi .Were $$$ laws toly repBded, England- would at once cease to . bel a ;governed -ty b tociacy. ': -She would- sink—6r rise-4ritb the position of a repnblic, -like fee::Dni^ed sovereign: It.is-the law of-priinQgetittore. winch Jhan^te down the feeredihuT Bite' to ^Jeld^' jigD, jErbrn; =to „generation- It is the law of wentail iwhieh ; hMida down, in ^iirilar ^ oidjBr, the family estate, by means of which" the family title i^ to lie upheld in aU^te ancestral glory. ^Abolish the first, and 3ie title dies "odt mlii ite living possesion. J Abdish iiie second, and tiie fttfasrWay ffivide iiisHEistate, to pleases, between his BouB,„pr...beqoerfh. itjsv^y.. fa But, 4n^4he' ^rt»eBce snedficlatn^ ttte hereditar^ -^gtti' 1: to 2 ItoW tide and tellte woulfb: vanish. "'"Bisas things towi^whk^^tiie old country' is Qrafth^lisotitis that the for"the:«&aa; ^ seems to propose, i quite will have to be adopted. There is no other alternative. It is not tbat the pursuit of agriculture has become nnremanerati^e D&r; even that England's stout yeomannf' are preparing to leave tbe conntry tn whim battalions; but it b that $ib conree eventa has bnxight aboat a state of thiiigs 'which rendecB- abaolately neceBeary a vision of theland Iaira, in older toeAve^he conntjry from'rapid "decay and total ruin. This is the truly serious problem that has to be faced, and solved. . The. crisis is not agricultural alone, but national. Will it end in the "dbwn|aO of the prohdest aristoccacy. that this world has ever eeen i It 4s as well the public should understand: the stonewalling which occurred in the' Assembly last Wednesday night and Thursday morning; for bo far the case haB not been 'either fully or fairly reported. The impression? which the newspaper reports convpy is that tire -Government ' were en-- deavoring-to impose 'a duty of 25 per cent.- on /reapers and binders,' and that unless' stonewall tactics ' were employed, this tax would be imposed upon the farmers.' Nothing,, however, . could be farther from the fact. The item of the tariff under discussion was " machinery not otherwieeennmerated." Reapers and binders had no more to do with the item proposed than the 'equator bisects the south pole, because ,.agricultural implements , are -not touched by the new tariff in any way! Under the old or present tariff, 'reapers and binders are taxed 20 per cent.; and' the question really is, . shall this duty, be repealed or continued ? The proper tfme| therefore, for the question-to-be raised is when {the-Souse is reviewing the exemp-j tions; at any other time it was simply creating a disturbance over a matter which had no tangible existence. Not -anything would more clearly show the justice of this statement than this—that if the item, over which all Ahe quarrelling took • place, had been passed on Thursday morning, it wouir not have aifected the duty on reapers ani binders in^the least,-any more than its rer jection would have disturbed the impost which this implement has to bear. Reaper^ and. bind^s wonld have been entirely jun^ected ,either way ; -and, therefore, the farmers' interest had nothing hate ver to do with the "quarrel." It will thus be seen that Mr Casey and his coadjutors had no Miis¥^wTiatevier for the stand ffiey"took op. They might just,as well^ indeed, stonewall the Licensing Bill in'ord^r to get an amend- 'mept carried in theiieftigtm BUI, for one proceeding would be qtiite as inconsistent as the other. The whole affeur of Wednesday night and Thursday morning was, therefore, j huge mistake on the part r of, the Corner an] the Opposition proper ; and it is to bp deeply regretted. in the.intereBts of trade, and the"respect dde tb parliamentary debate, that anything bo Kbildish happened. 'A pablicinneting of persong favorable to supporting flie JLducalion Act was beld at the'assembly room of the Alfred Hall last night, when over 100 persons were present, and Hr fi.-B, Fincham, M L.A., occu> ifd the chair, l^he Eev. Joseph Walker and Ueser. Sames and.SeD, SLL.A., were alep on the -platform. The chainnan in a few words etated the object i f the meeting, and called toon the Bev. J. Walker, who wai 'very warmly reoeivod,and who, after expressing his high opinion of the Education Act, and the necessity tor keeping it inviolate and secure against the attacks of those who would undermine it, moved the following resolution— " That ^his -meeting resolved to form an association,, to fee known as' the National- Education League/ltae otneot of which shall be the preservation of thejuwHplesof the present Education Act Inviolate, - via, - free, .' secular, and com- The resclotion was ably ly Hi B.' T. Yale, and strongly 'supported by Mr Henry BeIl, JIXA., and tha-Bev. J. W. Inglis— the last-named , gentleman ^making a telling aid effective Bpeech, which evoked very loud and frequent tokens of assent from tLose present. The resolution was earned unanimously, and Air 3. Semes, ALL.A., then -propoFed—"ThU this lekgne'shaU consist or any persons lavorable to the present Victorian Education Act; and"t>e:%n five vice-presidents, secretary^ treasurer, and a committee of twe'.va; and thu the payment of an . entrance fee of «d, with , a hatf-yeariy subscnpUon of 6d, oonititute memberehip " » Mr James. in moving the above, stated that the facts of what the Roman Catholic priests were doing, in regard to the people of their, church, would speak for themselves He said* that examples of the pressure they were putting on the parishioners could be seen in ins own district, where they had taken away their childrec from two State schools until the schools were closed, viz, the one at Wallace and the other at Orjnond.. .Only recently a State tchoolteaoher told him that a parent (a Soman Oitholic), had waited upon him tnuch havingto take awaj hls children from the Etate school: but the pressure'put on him .was more than hecouU bear,and be must doit With each (acts before Hiem. ha thought they were justified in feeling that the AotwaB beingattacked, audit regmrad them to be on the alert to preserve the Act intact. MrTutton in seconding the motion, said that as the cry of " cocsebnee"had been : gotupasa retson why the cHIdtim of Soman Catholic parents should not be obllgsd to go to State schools. It was only reaeouiVie lo snppoi6e tbat Protestant parents wcnld obj- ct l to" Diving iheir children' taught by Bcman Oathijic feachere in JState echools.. (Applause.) - The resolu Hon'nab then put ac'd'oarrml nnanimoufly. The enrolment ofmembers was then prooeeded with, and 102 names were enrdUed. S he following wore elected officers:—grnmdnnt, dents, the Eevs. J. .Walker (Oongregational). w. A. mctMiji air a. aoss; oomiblliee, Messrs K. T. vde, Stalker,Kason, J.James M.L.A.,'.J. IVsrgneon. Valline, Thos. Woods, >S. Onming, ;Birtoinell, Whitehead, a fisU, and Bean. 1 he proceedings then closed with a votsof thanks to the ohatr. ; The Clhampion Sheep^Bhow yesterday was well attended, the addfUon^ attraotionflf tho exhibition of -horses and fineweather bringing folly 1000 visitors to . the yards. The ehow of enUree was very good/miii handsome anionls being brought oot for iaspntfanl sn3 several of the enttres will fceon view at O'FktnU yards to-day, where they will be offered for BJe. Ti sales of sheep were also .^ood, and high prices were cealiaed.'tha champion mecinO'nm. cJianguie hands- MeswsTiikeltfandGibson selling ltto U r T. Armstrong of Ooonaok, on accouht of the Hon Bobert I im=on tor IB0 guineas. Two of the Srm. P. Bussaire merino rams were sold to Mr D. M^PhBrson. at 30 guineas and lS^uineae raapecHvely;and s^vanl other hUh Bales.were catalogued, tia msrinoes being in the best demand. The eocieiy haB everyjresaon to feesatisfl-d with its fourth champion show. for the exhibits and competition have been "hitherto nnequalled here. •Bhortly before eix oVacmk last evieuing.' a pair of small .piebald ponies, aHaohed to a light cartiage, started dft, In' tte absenoe of the driver, trom Humffeay Btreet'" Thfiyinrned the corner ct Virtorfa stree splendidly,atdiraooeeded iu pissing eirery obstniction in Bridge street, being ultimately captured in Btprt Btreet,-nKltIi»i' Hie-animaN'nor -vehide-su injury. Bteps an'dagila heing takan in the Town Oonndl to have the night expose train stop at the stattan.; Oo^ieUlcr Bob^rlsbn, inVe^rring to the matter last night, said that the reason assiJiiM by the Minister of Bill**; " irafn at at the-tratii Uad'to go ontbBtawell . .'e^ernBfatlQnl -ponnifflor Bobertsbu satdttfB cnse crold not bs urge} any ionjer^aHthe-traJu did W>t"*>!furtlier than the' Western elation,' and' thereforeEedian pt eee - - - - not stop at the _ .for t£e convenience of Tthose -Hvjng »; anil: moved •• Thai -the .ftUlster: of rrquerted to grant ^hfs CotieaSSc(n.'' , ^ _ Jdlllps Eeomded the mdHon, wWoh Hns" libWe^r.'MloWedto Remain abeyance ior, fte'present' fop «b~ feqoe^ed to ^ate' that^.lieltl^." Patter Barry jias lx)en called unexpectedly away to Alel^ 4>our^"jwd igriiIrluf bQable to d^iver his^leotore en the day "annoniioei. Jthie lecture is therefore post- Ur Sut^l, pradded at the Town Folioe Qourt vesterday, sad aoed. Bernard Sana SOs, in idefault three d^s' iinprb'mment, for asfaultfng-Constable Owera.' . Stephen Kane was fined5s for using obsoenelangnage,and John Jones was sent togao^for one month on a similar charge. John Davis I, charted &Suaginnqy;, WMdisohuged. <0antabi i Stobbs -vi- ited Oluues on Thnrtday ; to : smplete arran^nezits for theTeorgKiisitian of jtha. - Btobinsonv'and M'ttmald.. He ««id Golorol Anderinn was not salieSed 'with theiett&r; of the town ^"Sl-t " " etaUng-thitttoe oounca 'osnU not gire pern . 7 occupation**itfaBjiite^celaetedao the east J*radBfar ted^l^odm^MlgrountU atad unless lthatjaiiBonlty^.^mk txemoted,' Shs^UtB .aMi)9 have to ' ~ ^ " " - V U -was unnecessary, and ml fulfilling its finannialobligations It was the opinion of all present, that in addition to the action already proposed, it would be nquisite for ihejrorough oouncfl. to; oommunioate with tha paTliamenlary representaUrcn'Of the district, with the view of^et&ng; a grant from'-Bovernment for the v^reoti(ni Di' the orderlyroom.' The matter was brought before, the borough council at Its meeting the sams jevehing, when ft was unanimously agreed to take the steps mentioned. Ifc was rumored yesterday that i breabh of promise case will shortly engage the attention of the law courts, the falthtess one being*' commercial gentleman well known ia Melbourne end Bftllirat, and the lady a prepossessing widow living, near' the latter city. The fire-bells rang out an alarm last eight, a bltze being visible to the south-east of the oattle-yards. The Oity Brigade went out some distance, but returned again. ... The Erdldoune State Bchool, of -whlch Mr Hubert Duffy is the head teacher, was on Wednesday visited by A' r Inspector HpUand, who expressed hie eatiefac tton at the proficienoy displayed by the pupils. The inspector's report is as follows:—" This school has: again passed an exceedingly creditable examination.' The work done to-day afforded ample evidence that the school has during the past year been conducted with zeal and efficiency." The number oi children present at the examination was sixty-six, and the percentage obtained within a fraction *)! 90—a. very' high one fi. r a country school, and one which pays a high compliment to theelfioiency of thesUS, v . > The residents of the Bmythesdale district have a', treat in store for them, in the shape of three concerts, at which the best talent in Ballarat is to appear, 'i he first ia to take place in the mechanics' hall, Smjthes dale, next Monday evening; the second at fheTown' Hail, Scire dale, on Tuesday ;'and the third at Linton; Shire Hall, on ^Wednesday.. The names of the performers (which app:ar.inour advertising columns) are a guarantee that the entertainments will be 'enjoyable, and it Ss hoped that a large attendance will respond to the efforts of the singers. in addition to the presentation of the dominated Bddress by the mothers of Ballarat to Mrs Thornton,' mentioned yesterdayr Miss Faterson had .also given to tier a fclack marble tlme-pieoe and a teacher's bible, as a mark ol esteem from the mothers. The Right Bev.' Dr Thornton made the presentation in a few happy and weI!-chosen words The clock was purchased at Mr Fiegeltaub's establishment. Start street. A conoert was given in the assembly-room of -Murrell's Prince of Wales hotel,-"Happy TsllBy;-i)ii Monday evening last, for the benefit of Mr Joshua Pea-t, who lost his leg through a mining accident eome months ago. Messrs L. and J. JLewia, F.' Heath, F. Tonng, J. Smith, W. Brcntoa, with Mrs Hog;, and Misses Burrows, and Waugh, kindly astistedin the movement, and very ably rendered an exoellent programme. There was a good attendance; although the weather was "unfavorable, and votes of thanks to all the singers, and to Mr Barrowolough (the chairman), were carried by acclamation at the close. , .':"•'.. j. L ' •'• '. .' ' '" - "-'• The ordinary monthly meeting of the Sm- Volunteer Fire Brigade was held op Thursday evening last iu the brigade rbom. Oaptsin'^Shepherd presided, and there was a go:d attendance ofmtmbers. A letter was received frcm -tlie Smytheedale -Mechanics' Institute, asking for the 'patronage of the brfgt de at a concert on the 15th instant, on behalf of the institute, and it was decided.that JLhe patronage of the brigade be granted. Mfessrs D. Oameron and 0. Bishop were elected .members pf the brigade.. The secretary reported on the progress made foiheforma. tion of a band, ani the band committee were authorised to expend a small amount in putting the initror ments in repair. It was decided to send a letter thanking the Ballartt Fire Brigade 'lot thrfr attendance at the funeral cf the late ex- Cap'ain Bang; also, to stand an apology lo the Oily lire Brigade, who were ot invited to attend. Sunder other items of routine Snsiness were-attended to, and (he meeting closeS. The committee of the Clunes Distriot Hospital have now a debit balanoe at the bank of ever £600, and It has resolutely been agreed to cut down expenses, by changes and reductions in the staff of servants, and by dischargiig such patients as are not suffering from acute complaints. Doling the last month there were admitted 16 males and 10 females, 10 patients were discharged, and 4^ied; leaving in the hospital cn the 31st' ultimo, -24 males and 14 females. During tl month there were 877 visits ol out-patients, G7 beii newcases. . ; ... > 1 he appointment of the Bev. Colin Campbell, 01 Ballan, to the parish of AU Saints', Ballarat, will be accepted with much satisfaction by his numerous ftiends. Mr Campbell, though not a long ordainefi minister of the church, is historically connected with the progress of education in this colony. Mr Campbellcnmns i.o Ballarat with.. the cepuUii&n; of being-an earnest worker. His gentlemanly courtesy and -varied experience will renderhim an acquisition to the lankB of the clergy of this city. . . The muoh-needed alterations and additions to the Enreka 'street State School are about to be proceeded with at once, the neoessary arrangements, having been made by the department. We understand that while the repairs are being effected, the work of the cohobl ifill be carried on at the Town Mission Mr L Jonas, who. has .with his usual spirit of enterprise Btarted a Ghost" entertainment .similar to D'Arcy Bead'f. gave aprivateexhibitionjat the Ballarat Bast Free. Library, building on Thursday evening, which was verysnooeesfaL We unierstand that Mr Jonas intends: starting jan a .^tour through the colonies, and there is JitUe -doubt that the entertainment will meet with the approval whioh it well .deserves, iabd we hope that the plucky proprietor will receive a commensurate return for his speculation. At the meeting of the -Town Council last night, the -mayor -reported that, while fn Melbourne lately on -private matters, he waited-on the Postt}ffloe authorities with reference to a .raqaest forwarded previously by the council for ah increase in the circuit of delivery from the Ballarat East Post Office, and an increase of the number of street pillars, 'ihe mayor stated that he could safely say die request had been' "favorably reoeived. , A meeting of ratepayers, conveied by ment and circular, to recoup Mr Edw.rd Murphy for the disinterested action and oonrteous behavior be exhibltedin" connection with his defeat at the late contest for munio'pd honors In Ballarat Eact, was held at Gabbett's Imperial hotellast evening. .There were it was confipreaent that the testlwtsihy. of a citizen who.oontributed in no small measnre'to assist in the promotion of mining in Ballarat East. . Mir J. J. FB^arald. J.P., waaappointed ohairman and treasurer; and Mr John Levis was deoted hon. secretary. It was also resolved that collectiog cards be fssuod.. and ihaee" present immedlUely contribnted handsomely The gentlemen present were confident that the undertaking would be maAed by a grand result. Er Marr, and other gentlemen who were absent, sent apologies, all promising substantial assistance. The meeting was shortly afterwards closed with thanks lo the chairman, alter wHch Mr Murphy's health was proposed in suitable and complimentary terms.' ufce next meeting will take plane on Friday next. A lecture on " Prophetic sosnss from the Mount of Olives" was delivered last sight.by Ur a QUingham in the Town Mission Hall, toa large and attentive audience. The Bev. Mr Bigg prmided and introduced the lecturer, who treated his subj et in a masterly manner, showing—Scene 1, to refer to' a wide-Epread antagonism to Christianity and re-roiled religion in general. Scene '2 —The removal iof Christ's followers prior ie the greaLtribulation, including the living and . dead cainte. "Bcene 3—The cnlmication of atheism as a system producing Ita. legitimate Jrcits .on jociBty^ _ Scene.. 4 - U errible national calamities. Ecene fi—The extinction of all oorruptocoleBiastical eysteme. -Scenefi—TlM«4hfiring of aU the Jewish'tribes in their own land. iAt, the oonduSon the leoturer ai»d chafrman reoeiveda he »rty voto oT thanks . ' ; , -t : i Sm aaci for this week is waUy a-mMi^refceworthy ^publication- It oontains some half-dozen l^strationa, all o! ihem -weU choaen.andBklllallv irterasfing. if thls its present standard, its saooeBs wfflbi"undOTL_ , Mr SpTHnB.batchBr, of Scaredale. had on view vta to^ a toffer torn Mr ManlMdTs Matlen, whlA is beuevedto be the fattest beast everkffled 'in the dist^ iSSi^ t . J^.f^^L^? O^shBelief Fund met last 3£r tmt «» «*dianios' Institute; Mr DaselU iathe „Onr»dverUrfiig columns anhonnce thatportraits of S 6 . rn ret * zn P os tor and " wife" can be obtained of -SHs b ' Pl>otographer, ofJSandhurst; .or of Mr W. A. J. Wenborn, ata iouar, .of that dty. Tha wholesale prioe is Sj|nrd(E9r. r : . " : The annl versai Church V Spencer prea^morning and evening: A tea and public meeU "•K™ 1 follow on Tuesday evening, at which there WUltw the usnal singing and addresses. ' r skating rink will be open this afterooon and -evening,--atrtho Academy of- Mirfn- - -Messrs -fcaHpur and Forrester will sisg^uiiigMie evening. ] The Secretary of thff Ballarat qity Fire Br'nda -oaatras to acknmrledge.- wlth thmiks. the reoeiSof £2 2« each from Messrs Ohalk and Marshall. SUie auditors of ths.brigade, as a donation to its fundr.^- ."A. Subscriber's " letter, would be too dangetpa OS to poUIsh, and .therefore We have to lay it aada. ' .....:..- .; ^ .l . . * a rAn^ertibttfan of Mr Gmbanlrf-fianoramlcvUws ^ giran at B^ta school Ho. SS on ThnredayevojLg, and afforded •ajrrra.meni and insfroctfoli. to a We number of little folks ai d -their pueats.-whb aeemed dallgMedwitbtbe entertainment pnrrH^^ f^ " ^laiiOTrtgr^arii^ •i'wMiJiii^'S^i^i.ag bb eveoingi—fMdfallOBB'.HaU. Albert atreel; Bndsties' Hall, Skferton atreet; and Alfred Bail. , r { • fla Bev. Mr Thomson tirjll tetturpin Ebaatjuit Preabytorian oung-®en^Mpetianytovitoa - • .^ Mnneoaoh with; th» TTcBtd Mtethoffl^ BVee Ohiirch -to-mc*T»w,- the «ev. - W. I. -Carttoa Aria ^n preioh at Momt Daren at eleveB kbl, atT.il Lai Sf in Pouth ttreetJBaltaiat,Mr;^Bent»tt will preach in'the of the fine musia A the prioe of admission 1 only a fine attendance. The prooeedsof the evejjring will go to the building fond of the church. ••Jfc! Mr Edgar having resigned the appointment of auditor to the boroufb council ^of Browns ana£earsdale, nominations will be received by Mr J. JSdgar »t the Town Hall, Scarsdale, np to Monday nex^ at lour o'clock. ,'.'"•'. '•' The Bev. Dr Brsmby, who will preach in Bt, John's Church, Soldiers' Hill, to-morrow, will leoture in theschoolroom adjoining on Monday eveniag on "The Eddystone Lighthouse." 1 here will be music Iby the church choir, and a collection mide in aid of the church building fund. We have received-the firstnumber of fy/Vofaon and St. Eilda Ckronide. It is well got np, and is pu lished in the interests of the Opposition. ! The annual meeting of the Wendonree Cricket Club; \- win be held in the Burabank Street t choolr.om next -Monday e"VBning,atefght o'cioek. j Divine service will be h&d; in St.Stephen's! Church, OJayton street, at seven o'clock every Snn-i day evening In future; the Bev. W. H. Geer,and the Bev. A. Allnutt oSciating-alternately. The latter gentleman will officiate' to-mon-ow,. and ' administer the sacrament cf baptism during the even-| ing. ' The annual meeting of the Ballarat Junior Cricikit club will be held this evening at eight o'clock, at the Dutch Harry hotel. ' By advertisement elsewhere, Miss Bosina Oarandiut's third concert Is annaninced to be given at the -Academy ol Musio on Tuesday next, the 9th- installt| when Madame Uarlotta Tasca the -eminent pianistej will appear for the last time. Miss BoBina Caraodtni, Mrs Cutter, and Mr S. Lamble will take part, also a new tenor .{Mr Fred, lineker), who has kindly giveq hisservioes. j •Miss Lucy Gough announces -in another oolumn that «he will produoe the play recently written by ierself, entitled," All Hallow Eve," at the Academy of Music on Monday, the 29th September, in which the authoress -will appear, supported' by the'-full •strength of the Phcenix. Dramatic Club. ' 1 he lie-: .hearsals are ' being vigorously pushed toward, and appropriate scenic^ffectB arranged. A full house ia -expected, as euwoi'i is promised tickets are already isened. . . The OastUmalne Education. Defence Association (Bays the. Argvs) hais invited the Hen J. B. Fattsrson Major Smith, and Professor Pesrsoii to address a public meeting-an the subjectat* the fdocAtion Act '^hg' have consented to do eo at'Ithe' Theatre lioyal on Friday evening, 12-h September. * A meeting (says the Age\ wafi lield on Thursday night iu the Protestant HaW Stephen street, to form a league in defence of tbe'-'Zdlfoation Act.' Mr J.' B. Crews occupied the.chair, and explained the. objects of the meeting. The Dean of tojclboucne,although disapp oving of the aot so far as it excluded the Bible from the State schools, wished it toh^parti- .calarly andaratoui lhat-he .did .aot desire any inter- ference with that act, ae it was jiow the law ofthe land. Mr Boony remarked that the clergy had done bat little towards promoting general education daring the long period they bad the control and management of teaching; Alr.-Moti, a teacher under the old and new systems, urged the maintenance of the pretion, and -the ..children taken away bulk afterwards, when the priest's denunciations had blown over. The Rev. Mr Langley -advocated the introduction of the bible into the schools as the only safeguard against the spread of popery. He wished the Protestant bodies to unite in making a demand to that effect against the compact phalanx of Catholics and infidels. Mr Trenowith opposed the arguments advanced in favor of making the Bible a class book. After other speakers had addressed the meeting a resolution was carried," That a league be founed to protect the Education Act.'' A meeting of oreduors was held (eaya the Argut) .on Thursday afternoon in.'the estate of. Mr Qeorge Meyer, storekeeper, Ballaiat.. The liabilities amount to £3100, and the assets to £2200, the deBd-ncy thus being £200. An offer of UDs per JE1 was submitted but until the stale of affairs could he; Investigated, It was-thought most advisable, in the meantime, to assign the estate toMessrs S. Kiiig.andH.' W.'Dauby, for the benefit of all concerned. ~ " ' -On 1 hureday evening-Mr B-- Tracey, the agent for the Gippsland Goal Mining Company, delivered a lecture at ths-Prahran town ball, entitled " A^Vtt^ torian Ocalfield." .. There were about forty gentlemen (says the Age) present, and Mr. Tracey explained thaf the seam, as at present prospected-on the property, was 2 feet dinchesin width at *-depth of over 4a feet It was situated about three miles from the Mbe rai.- way station, over which It was -proposed to construct a tramway, and when all the arrangements weracom^ pletedli was estimated that the coal, which was ported to be of exoellent quality for iiouEehtid purposes, could be delivered in Melbourne at a oost of £1 per ton. Already 5000 shares had been taken up, and It was proposed to p'aoe the remainder among the boussiholders of Melbourne and the suburbs. The capital wo aid be £12,000, in 21,000 shares cf 10s each bnt when 7000. more were taker; up the oompany would be foaled. In addition to the ooal, there was carboniferous shale, ironstone, and superior pottery clay on the company's -property, which were stated to be of good quality. The lecture was listened to attentively. We findthe following in yesterday's "Geebng Adv tiser:.—" Mr S. H. Oonnor, mayor of lhe_towa, vbi fcaUarat on Thursday, for the purpose of collectin money and exhibits for the Gealang Industrial and Juvenile Exhibition. He had interviews with a number of the leading residints of the goldfielde city, and -from them he obtained promises of assistant towards furthering the objects of the Exhibition. At the show yards, Mr Connor waa successful in collecting a very fair sum of money, and getting promises cf cheques for various amounts, as follows:—Messrs Andrew, Ghlmside, Werribee ; Bnssell, Oamgham; J. D. Wyselaikie, Wickiffe; M'Fheraon Bros, Hamilton; each £o 5s. Mr T. Armstrong, 'toorak, £3 3s;-Mr B. G. Armstrong. Wcorndoo, £2 2s; jnersrs L. G Calvert, Oolac; F. Feppin, New Eouth Wales, eaoh £1 Is. Messrs L. M. Oalvert, Avoca; A, M'Kenzie, B. Austin, Winchelsea; B. Hepburn, Ballarat; Thos. Bath, LBarmonth; J, F. Dicmors, Sitanga, each £L Total, £33 7s" The Age says that a lad sixteen years of age, named William A. Furnlton, committed suicide on Thursday at Healeasille.- by ityjiig a string to the trigger -of a gun and blowing his brains cut. The t opposed cause is Us having been chastised by his father for -misaoniuoi 11 A horrible case of suicide (says the Telegraph) o curred in Hotham on Thursday morning, it appears that, shortly before twelve o'clock, information .was given at the looal-polloe station tliat a woman named house, and found the woman lying in a pool of blood; quite dead, with a large Wound in her throat. The deceased had been drinking, toexoess for some time past,'which may aooount for the rashaot ' The Ararat Advertiser learns, that, notwithstandi the. dryness of the present winter, the appearance of ihe crops in all directions is most enoouiagia g, »nd Indeed gives greater .promise of an abundant harvest . thin for many yeaiia past 'One gentleman, who has bad-a long connection with the fanners in this distriot, and nas lately been milking a business tourin the agricultural areas, says that.-not only is the aapearBBQS of the crops extremely satisfactory, but that a large area cf ground is put undftr cereals each year and that, in Us opinion, m the course of a Jew years as large a .portion of the arable land ofthe district wiU -again be devoted to the growth of csreals as was the ca^e when the selectors firsttook possession. JLt« conference on the subjact of the education crisis between the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballant, -witiitwelve with twelve clergymen mdtwelve end-twelve laymen fronraither diocese, i-.i held - on - l uesday, . —.. 26th August, at . the - Bishop's -- .. registry, William street, the following resolutions (says-ths Church of England Mestagsr) were carr —" l: That this meeting deplores the abwlnte ignoring of all religionin the present system of public - TnatraoBbn. 2 That the efforts oflhe church should be -directed to securing the (etching of the ficts and the motals of the £ible In the State echools by the school tecchere; or, where such an arrangement is found to be Impracticable, by the Christian denominations. 8\. That the assemblies of the two dioceses be Invited each to appoint twelve members of a committee to take such steps as the committee may think desirable to give effect to the abeve resolution." 