orrr •iaIjI) TO W S GOSSIP. By "Quntca." t- Varv mudi Ugb-falutin hasbeen indulged in la « ffiette, iiSe probaWresults of the nnrt «to^ou»ndtto feelneof * the Virions constrtnendee aunt th« Ber \-- KiiJSry. I hiveheerd it »g»iti sua ag.tn toBion -don, that the Major, cui-ide of luo Wiy,Wal Bopop and thought littleof inmostof the country distn e. But as a little straw in thestreamshows the w current L; Sowing,an ela-ostunimportant Inadcn which 1 wasan eye-witness, ftOly exemplified my miid the falUcy of the statement,and prov k: uinistakatly 76s ti^t not only is the Major popular outside 45s, thebounas ri bisown constHntncj, but he , is positively walspoken of by the majority 10s; of those who inmany unimjwrtant maters differ JCS with him politically- Only a few days ld, ago O think la=t Friday week) I was standingn rthne there talking to the editor (please, don'tbe shock the officeof anewspaper,pubKahed in a lar.se ci gnatmany miles inland from Ballarat. As I sto the ; " devil"came out with paste-potand brush aan, commenced pastingup a written notioe just received by " wire." In acrowded inland thoroug 8<mtb fare anything posted outride anewspaper office in day, thisway during the day always attracts aoonri 6s, ablecrowdof passers-by. 1,among the rest,m for theboard toread the news,whichwas to the lers thatMajor bmithwas dangerously fll.andfa con quence 61, the address tobe delivered that evening , Balarat was indefiutely postponed. Now the yers assembled fiity-or (sixty persons attracted to the sp 60s; on- like myself, out o! curiosity, Ten not selected pa . cans, or,as the Oppositionists wrnld fiij,"a pick -ne lot," but casual passers-by at luocii hftir—CActma 80S— gers,oommsrdalmeu,and others. "WeU," nid rm, "Iameony for this, for after all there arewo Sd; fellows than 'W.C.'" "Her,' said Na 2, "H e is, without mistake, a capital worker,and bas done his quata ofwork as a IStni.ter well; and Ifhe does kickup bis heels this time, his rks willberemembered in the political history of Victo us- formany a day tooome." "After all." says N Ss; "the Major has agood dealof the rightgrit in e; and dees (let the folk say as they like) 'acton ck square' to friendsand foes alike-" *' By gerra," port a big, stalwartson of trin, -I dlsMke the who crowd ol 'em, from fclrrey to Woeis;and man. 111 vote aginthem. By japers, that I will." " For why?" said a quiet locking individu who up to this timehad said nothing, "Is 11 fo h-i you axes me? By ay eowl,and 111 tell ycupu qujek. IwaepromUodabDletontbeline.andmyeeoond o jusin Phil,who lanScd sUmonths agofrom th sod, as well; butdam the chancewe Ivor g "What did you ask for ?" said the quiet marL ehare fellowwae fit for. " Why, anyihing,froman fr drivel's billet to a stadon-master^e." "Andwhat ; Woods but say to yon,my man?" a 11 Oh, nivsrmo that; that's private.One thing, howsonever, Im tell youhe did say—thathe hamt aay spud-digr e« undlr way jtst thin, but whin hehad 6s6dith for a billet again, be will thinkme fit for socae hewould lit meknow. Whin I axes him betterthan Sal- tater-4igging. But mmake it hot tor patent-breakmanand his mates, nexteltotien, or, s myould Sd. grandmother's ghost. I'llknow thsiaiso sff why." at " Wel, gentlemen," Bail the quiteman, tu ad ing to the crowd, "ifJohnWoods hasn't put ra patent breakon that ales ( loafer,' I'mno judge ofpaym by results;"and offhe started amidst the rear erton merriment caused by the reply of the Irishmanw sing thoughthimself fit tobe a station-master. aeha g's Iwas told in a quietway the other day by ione in authority, that the onlyway for the Bast-ende 9s get 9d, the engine-shedswoold ce to have the Eas , stationdoneaway with,and as a totaUm for the get add thewo fahops But if Iknow anything of feelingsof lis. the "«itemen." I don't think it proba thsywOI be caught In this trip Our stationm rs remain whatever other saczifioes wemay make. , X hardly think the milk-and-water resolutionof sawderpassed s 3d, at a recent oouneil minting will l ales thehoped for rifecL A little back-handei flat may sold godownnowand then, but anyone whok theOonumsdonerof dosed Bail waysmust by this time orth aware thathe Is sot tobe caught like aHew Wilie-wag-about by shaking salton his taD. Tr other tactios,Messrs Eobertsonand Co., if yonw rse ton, and At a-church, not farfrom Baddy street,BaD Eastone and Sabbath morning, the preacbar (a local ers brother) Ht out hard|at the unfortunate scribbler 31s dated, through thecolumns olTU Cov'ur to ventila ssal Us grievances anent thebad conduct ol the ch at Now, although believing the " warning" was w sted administered, for the life of me, I cutmake out et " Jamis"managed at towedge in The Cornier c spondence into hissermon, very likely he,on leav «nd for the kirk,hadprepared himself (like another hday "britfaerbcoVofwhomwe read,when caledup btd to give a speech, said—"My friends,my speech evening la. is notas yet put together; itmay torn o sang,or itmay turn out a sermon—firstcoma served." had However, Iamof opinion there are cho in £5 Balaratwho 5s, deserve ceusure for a little fli outh muchmore than tbeonecomplained ttf inTSe Co on and this Ican say to its praise—that there are fe ther any, choirs in Balaratwhocan-oome up to s6d, standard of excelence in theharmonious rendering th sacred song * 