MISCELLANEOUS. In America the effects of the last Presi dential campaign have not disappeared—the air is still thick with scandal aod threats. ; And one result of it is that the unsuccessful aspirant to the officebas been ruinej}. We " read that the "appearance of Mr Tilden himself ion the eland was one of the moat dramatic sceneB imaginable. To an eye witness it bad many of tbe most pathetic elements of tragedy. The anxieties and dis appointments of the contest have utterly broken down Mr Tilden physically. One aide of his body aqd f$celiad been paralysed, and remains still and motionless, while the limbs of tiie other side tremble with palsy. His countenance "is* more like that' of a mummy than of a living man, and it is only with "hesitation and difficulty tbat he can turn his head. He speaks usually in a hoarse whisper, scarcely audible thfee feet away." Nor does Mr _Tilden stand alone, as tbe victiffi:of a popular election. It will be re membered that Horace Greeley died a few days after his unsuccessful attempt to oust General-Grant,'and that tbe clergyman who spoke the funeral oration declared with vehe ment indignation that tbe great journalist and politician bad,been killed by the malig nant fierceness of the opposition to him throughout the Presidential campaign. Against ail that, place the dignity, and calmness with which recent changes in Governor ships have been effected in these colonies.—Sir Hercules Hobmson has gone.to New Zealand, tbe Marquis of Normanby has crossed to Victoria, and Sit George Bo wen has*departed to the Mauritius: but not a ripple of sociil, •commercial, or- political dis turbance can be traced to this itinerancy. In short, the colonists are proud of the links wbich bind these communities to tbe mother country, and so long as the connection is maintained, it is only reasonable that the custodians of Imperial interests and repre sentatives of the supreme power should be chosen by the Imperial authorities. This little story is told by a Dunedin paper, of one of the " grand unpaid.'1 who not irofrequently deal out the terrors of the law . against the drunk and disorderly of a certain Southern city. When called upon on one-occasion from his ordinarj' pursuit of traffic in dry goods to take his place on the. Bench,, ho, in a dignified manner, asked the Clerk of the Court what was the first case. " Regina v. Tomkins." replied that function ary. Well," said Justice Shallow, " call Begina!" N.B.—Laughter, which was im mediately suppressed by tbe police. Dr. Erank «tates that a tincture of tbe leaf: of the 3£ucalyptu8 is made in Germany, and has been used successfully in the treatment of intermittent fevers,' He even asserts that under its u9e relapses do not occur. Dr. Maclean inclines strongly to the opinion that the action of Eucalyptus globulus is on the nervous system, particularly the vagns. He has never seen it cause flushing of the face,, warmth of thfe head, face, o_* neck which follows the inhalation of nitrate of amy] in such cases. The smoking of the leaves of eucalyptus does not induce effects so sudden and striking as those which follow the use of the nitrate of amyl, but it has tbe advantage of being perfectly safe, so that the patients may be allowed to use it at discre tion. He has been told, that asthmatics in the South of France, where the properties of the^eucalyptus are known, mix the broken leaves of the plant with their tobacco. He thinks that the practitioners will be grateful for an agent that, without risk, can secure for their patients aome hours of rest and oblivion of their sufferings, even though it should prdve only a palliative. The phctabgraph hM affeady befcti put to" a" practical use, according to May fair, which states that the following story is good and quite as true as need be:—A- well known manager received a few days ago a letter from Paris enclosing the photograph of a lady and what appeared to be tinfoil neatly folded up curiously indented. The letter was to this purport—" Sir—I enclose photograph of my self in ' La Traviata,' and specimens of triy voice.- Please state, by wire, terms and the date when'I can appear at your theatre. I have tbe honor to be, sir, yours, F.B." The poor manager, whose scientific education, had evidently been neglected, was puzzled. The photograph showed a lady of attractive pre-' seuce, the letter was to the point, and the spelling'American- But bow to discover a lady's, yojj.ee from tbat tinfoil curiosly indented passedhie comprehension. He consulted his friends, one of whom had seen the phonograph at the Crystal Paiatte. An ad journment to that popular resort was unani mously voted.. The. foil was adjusted to the instrument, and after a few revolutions of the machine the notes af Ah Jots' e tut re sounded with crystalline clearness i An im mediate eh gagqment of the lady - was the natural result. T of Land.—If a farm of 160 acres is divided' by fences into fields 6f 10 acres each; there are 5 miles of fences;: If each fence how is one" rod wide, no less than 10 acres of land "are occupied by them. This is equal to per cent of the farm, and .the loss of the! use. of the .. land is exactly equal to a charge of per cent on the whole value of the farm. But nearly every fence now in the country is madea nursery for weeds, which stock the; whole farm, and make an immenseanionnt of labour necessary to keep Jthem ffotq smothering the crops. Much damage always results to the crop from these weeds^aod, if theae expenses ate added to the first one, the whole will easily'sum up to 20 per; centi Or a tax of one-fifth of the vaiue'of the farm. To remedy this wei would have fewer fences, or we would clean and 80.w down the fence rows to ^grass oir clover, add mow twice a year. Ten acres of clover or timothy Would si least supply. ;a farm with - seed afld a tewr, tons of; hay every year. We would in short consider the fence rows as: a valuable part of the farm, and use them as such,—iHounit Perry Mail. Thb BbsSt Cow Fob Smali, Farms.—It is not supposedthat co*s kept on a .small farm, aro placed th'Sre' for the purpose of raising calves for sal& They are placed there for the butter they produce; The question is often asked. " Which shall they be. blooded or scrub stock P" The question is easily ..an wered; keep only such stock as is best adap ted-for the purpose.' Our opinion, and also that aof the principal dairymen of the country, is that the iJersey—commcihfy called iAlder ney-r-ls, above all others, the best butler cow. They are-easy .kept, are wry docile—a point not to be .overlooked—-and beautiful, giving, milk of eaperior richness, from which. is pro- ■ ^uced ^nerccilored. solid butter, - having .an equal texture aud flavor..; Butter in ade from. >acb-mflk has been knowbV,to keep, when placed m"a dairy—but not cold—cellar, with- ■ out tlie i&e; 'ql icevaBd wben taken oat was in aliard, iirnr fcondition /arid was then sold seyeix to nine pence a pound higher than the best ordinary butter. The cosjt of Jersey^ is not mnchtaore thin for: scrubs, and they .will more jthan make,up; the differ^nbe in tPB DtaOfc mdtttfas> 8todfc lsecord« iV V a •}. ki, A COMPTOSOEY INSDKANCEV-T-An " essay/In C late number ofihe Nineteenth- Centuryrvjhhe Rev. William Savery .Blackley, ^proposes a system of compulsory insurance as a remedy for the evils of pauperism, which ing in threat Britain at an ilarinjog irtite. The writer assumes that there is a period is the life of the working man,. wJie^! hia jvorking capacity is at ita prime, and'bcfbre he is bur dened With the Care of a family, in which bis earnings-exceed his necessary expenditure, and in which he should be compelledto make aprovisicinfor the future, isnfficidiat tjppr fi ve^ b im from:becoming a bprden upon poqiety whenever apcident or advancing years de privies him' of the. liberty to .labour, Mr Blagkley; thinks that1 the coiftirtilsbry insur ance of the whole mile population, between 17 and 21 (nor does he indeed see any logical reason why youngWotbehiBbouldb&excluded;), would go far to extinguish pauperism through out the kiugdoon The plan contemplated would constitute, the General Government the insurance company, and operate it through the Post Office department^ . At the age of 17 a certain portion of the Wages of the working man or woman, or the income of those exempted from the need of labour, should be paid to the Government until the . accrued sum became sufficient, when improved at Interest, to give to each person the right to 8s per week during sickness, and 4s per week after the age of 70. This sum, according to the calculation of actuaries, need not exceed £15, s6 that a payment of £5 annually between 17 and 20 would entitle the payer to a receipt from the Government, and the assurance of sufficient support in illness or age. The scheme looks ratber plausible on paper, but it is doubtful if it will work. England will find the only substantial relief from the in creasing pauperism resulting from a general breakup of her industries, in emigration, and Vie will seek it in vain through' any other means, She has no longer room for a!i her workmen, and a portion of them, add no small one at that, must seek new Homeland new fields in which to labour. r; A military man, who is regarded as a species of volunteer Havelock," vfery kindly'" acts occasionally as lay reader in an outside suburb. ' By some mischance he got;.hold .-of. an old prayer .book, and before he was fully aware of what he was about he bad fervently prayed for the bodily health of .William the Fourth, and then ^tumbled over Queen Ade laide. Discovering his error he tacke^l pn a supplementary prayer for the .Prince of Wales, Her Most Graciotxs Majesty, &c.; This trifling mishap disturbed his compla cency during the *est of the. service. As, a friend walked from church with Mm, said the former—in the pleasant way affected by dear friends—** How did you mariage fo make such a mess of the prayer for the Royal family?" And then tha^martial lay reader, forgetting at once, hjs cloth and his , Chns-_ tianitf•, said, angrily,^ '» Oh 1 bless the vRbyaF family." •. Only the -active Verb was differ ent—2EgIes. , . Doctors are men with eye-glasses and black coats, and shiny hats, and ,^end& i?,, their backs. They have sbft voices, and speak; as if they had just left off singing '"v^ry solimn music.' They smile softly when they -inept you, and shake hands with" you 'in a dlbw deliberate way. They Iqve the. society of canary birds, leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten- They drink-cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oi^onrfhefr hair for the good, of'trade. A man once told, me that -np one eyer yct saw the ghost of a doctor, for tbe'tnothent a do^r dieYalrthe other ghost s "gathera round his (ghost, and treat.it, so. badly that itjs as haived to show its face to respectable people ever afterward. He told me thfet the reason of this is because the doctors .made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most un grateful class of people. 