DONNA QUIXOTE. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY. Author of "Dear Lady Disdain," Misanthrope," fltc. : Miss CHAPTER XII.-Continued. WBBBR FIELDIHG WENT HHXT, AND HKXT. Janet was accustomed to go to bed early and leave her husband sitting up. She usually arranged a small rapper for him, and then took herself off- at some seemly hoar, leaving him to outwatch the bear if he felt inclined. It seemed to her only the proper and natural thing that a scholar, as she firmly believed her husband to be, should sit up to-a late hour and read, unvexed by woman's chatter. But then, when she went to bed, Bobert was always in the sitting-room, and there was the' genial sense of his presence and his nearness. She could see his lamp full on, or at least could catch its light streaming into the room where she lay; and it was an assurance that her husband-was near and was, one might say, keeping her company. More - than once when a he could not sleep she had glided softly out of bed and crept to the door of the room, and looked in upon him as he read and worked, and she felt happy because he was there and she could look on him. But this night Bobert had not come home, and that was a strange thing to her. She had not seen him. since the forenoon, and then his manner was strange and hard and she did not understand him. The spell that Mrs. Vanthorpe was to work had clearly not begun to operate yet; but Bobert and she were to -spend an evening soon again with Mrs. Vanthorpe, and then perhaps something might come of it.. So far almost everything was unsatisfactory. Robert had never been out fro n his dinner before without Janet's knowing in advance that he was to be absept, and he had never been so late,. She remained up beyond her usual time, andthen she thought she had better go to bed lest Bobert Bhould be angry. So she made for him a very neat little supper out of the dinner that had been prepared in vain; and she wrote on a scrap of paper the perhaps not wholly coherent words," With Janet's love I'm gone to bed," and so left (he room. She spent a long time undressing and arranging her hair, the beautiful hair which it used to delight Bobert so often to see her unfold and let loose around h*r shoulders, and which now she was arranging for the gratification of no one. At last, when she had protracted the process to the utmost reasonable limits, she went to bed, and for a while lay awake, looking out on the light of the lamp in the sittingroom 88 it shone through her doorway. For she had lowered Bobert's lamp, and she knew that the moment he came in he would turn it more fully on; and then,even if she had fallen asleep in the meantime, she would know the moment she opened her eyes again if he had come home. Often she closed her eyes and tried to make believe to herself that she was sleeping, and then opened them again in the hope that she might be gladdenel by the stronger light, and she was each time disappointed. At last she really did fall asleep, and slept for at least two hours. On first reawaking she forgot for the moment that Bobert was not with her. Then as consciousness began to struggle against lingering sleep, she thought he must be in the sittingroom; and then she became aware that the light was still low. She jumped out of bed, and undressed as she was, ran into the sitting-room. Tne light was still low; Bobert' was not there. The little meal she had set out for him looked dismally full of ghastly suggestion as it lay there lonely and untested. She looked at the little clock over the chimney-piece, which Bobert himself had tinkered at until he made it a very marvel of correct time-keeping, and she found that it was nearly half-past one. Then a reassuring thought occurred to her. Nothing was more likely than that her husband, when returning heme, had seen Mr. Fielding's light burning in his room and gone in, and that they were now sitting together talking. The idea reassured her, but she was longing to be convinced that it was the truth. She feared her husband would be angry if she seemed in anyway to be looking after his movements; and yet she could not remain in the condition of uncertainty which then tormented her. She thought go out on the corridor and listen, the would and perhaps hear their voices. Mr. Fielding often talked out in a very loud pleasant sort of way; and if she did hear them she would go back to them contented. She opened her door and crept out cautiously on the landing, a little astonished at first to find that the stairs were quite bright in the moonlight. She heard nothing, and so she went down a few more of the stairs and listened. When she came to the first lobby on her way down the full moon suddenly looked in apon her threugha window, and Janet was almost as much startled as if some ghost had appeared and turned the pale light of its wan eyes upon her. The little 6tart, however, reminded her of other possibilities, and she thought she had better go no lower down then, for it would never do if Mr. Fielding or any other of the lodgers were te come upon her and see her in her night-dress. She hurried back to her room and put on clothes enough to make a colourable presentation of being fully dressed, and then softly went down the stairs again. She stopped at Fielding's doer in much trepidation. She listened, but for a time she could hear no sound except the quick b.atingof her heart. There was certainly a light inside, for she could see it streaming oat under the door, but she could hear no voices. She was all trembling, and in her agitation she caught the handle of the door and it rattled loudly, and she heard some one start up inside. Her terror became unbearable. She was longing to fly from the spot and run madly up theatairs, but she could not move. At that moment the street door opened and her husband entered; and, in the same instant, the other door opened as well, and Fielding stood before her. " JanetCharlton cried, and his face became white and he caught her fiercely by the arm. " Hullo, what are you doing here ?" Fielding said, not yet understanding the scene in the least. "Ob, Bobert, I was only looking for you; I thought you were here," Janet moaned, as she looked in terror into her husband's face and tried to twist herself from the tight clutch of his hand. " I say, Charlton, take care," Fielding said; " jou are hurting your wife. What are you about, man P Let go her arm." At the same time Fielding put his hand on Charlton's shoulder. Charlton flung his wife from him and slruck at Fielding wildly. Fielding put up his arm and stopped the blow. "Oh, Mr. Fielding, don't mind him; oh, pray, pray don't!" Janet supplicated. "He doesn't mean it; he doesn't know what he is doing." Charlton, a little flushed at the consequences of his passionate outbreak, had fallen bade a little and seemed as if he were standing on the defensive. " I believe he doesn't, indeed," said Fielding. "Don'tbe afraid, Janet; I shan't harm him. Look here, Charlton; hit one of your own size next, will you, there's a good fellow ? Only Janet came between, I might have done you some harm and I should have been sorry after wards. And now will you tell me, if you we not mad or drunk, or mad and drunk; what this is all about!"' " I only came to see if you were there, Bobert; that was all, indeed," Janet pleaded piteously, looking up to Charlton, whose arm she held, with eyes in which simple truth shone yet more than even terror. Charlton had collected his senses now, and was quite satisfied in his own mind that she was speaking the truth. " Well," Fielding asked again, " what is it all about ? Have you been drinking more than was good for you, Charlton?" He spoke with a certain sternness now that made Janet again move between him and her husband. "Itwas alia mistake, Fielding," Charlton said at last, gasping for breath; "I haven't been drinking, but I came in suddenly and I couldn't imagine what Janet wanted here." What a cad you make of yourself," Fielding said composedly," I begin to think now that a kicking would have done you good. I &m; almost sorry I didn't follow my first impulie; if TOU had been a stronger man I would hive done it." "I was in the wrong, Fielding; X admit it; I can only say that I am sorry and tint I apologise." " Apologise to your wife," Fielding said, • you owe her an apology. When I ask you to apologise to me you can do so. I have to apologise to you, Mrs. Charlton, for bursting out oa you so suddenly and frightening you. I didn't know who was there; I heard some noises, and I have had an odd suspicion lately that people have been coming into my room. I an afraid I frightened you, and I ask yoa to forgive me." He looked handsome, and brave, aid genial, and very like a gentleman then indsed. He must have appeared, even in loyal Jaret's eyes, something of a contrast to Bobert Charlton, who seemed small, cowering, and conf used, and at the same time malign. Fielding boned to Janet and went into his room, and the dejected pair were left to make their way up thesilent stairs by the light of the moon, the sudden intrusion of whose great white face had so much alarmed Janet. " I oughtn't to have gone down, Bobert," she began, when they had got into their room; "I know I oughtn't, and it was all my fault. Only for me this would not have happened; but I did not know where you were, and I was frightened, and I_thought perhaps you might be with Mr. Fielding in his room as you are sometimes, you know; and;so I went down, and then"—— The^ poor little beauty was really alarmed. She did not know what strange mood might show itself in her husband. Perl aps the mood she least expected was that wbivh showed itself. Charlton sat down wearily aud seemed hardly to be listening to what she was saying At last he lifted his head and spoke te her, but without looking at her. "It isnt any matter, Janet : I mew I don't blame you; it was all my fault. I don't well know what I was thinking of when I saw you and saw him. Go to bed, dear, now; that's a good girl. Go to bed, Janet." " I have kept your sapper for you; it is yoar dinner,in fact," Janet said, trying to look cheerful, and to put off leaving hiin. Shu longed now to throw her arms round him and kiss him so dejected and deserted did he seem. "Thank you, Janet—thank you. You saw how he treated me?" h° said,changing his tone and suddenly looking up. " Well, Robert dear, you kuow you lost your temper, and you were very wild, and Mr. Fielding is tall and strong." Janet would have said, if she could see her way to it, that Fielding being attacked without rhyme or re*son by her husband had, according to her feminine idea, behaved with wonderful forbearance in not employing his superior strength at once against his assailant. Bat although she never could quite get at the man's point of view for most things she had a sort of suspicion that Bobert would not care to hear much about forbearance of this kind. Still it did seem to her that it was altogether Bobert who had treated Mr. Fielding badly, not Mr. Fielding who had thus treated Bobert. " He didn't strike at me in return; yoa saw that?" 'Yes, I saw that, of coarse," Janet said eagerly, rejoicing in the belief that her husband was, after all, looking at the thing in the right Tight.^and about to launch into a panegyric on Fielding's magnanimity. " Yec, of course you saw it." Charlton said bitterly; " and you heard, too, that he wouldn't receive an apology from me? Yoa know why, I suppose ?" " Because he knew yoa didn't mean anything, Robert" " Because he considers me a cad; because he looks on me as beneath his notice, because I am not strong enough for him to strike, nor enough of a gentleman to be asked for an apology! Oh yes, he thinks to degrade me in my own eyes, and—and in your eyes, I dare say—yes, I dare say in your eyes" " Oh, Robert:" and Janet attempted a caress of assurance that nothing could degrade him in her eyes. If she had said that no one but himself could do it and hardly even he, it would have been only a truthful expression of the poor soul's loyalty. He put away the caress. "Yes; it was done to degrade me—in everybody's eyes; I daresay he will tell it to—everybody. How can I look—anybody in the face again ?" "But, Bobert, who will know? There was nobody there; the people in the house were all in bed" "I wasn't thinking of the people in the house," he caught her up almost fiercely. His quiet and broken mood seemed to be passing away. Janet could do anything but restrain herself from trying to put things right where so useful an operation seemed to be within her pjwer. She said in a soothing tone:— " But, Bobert, we don't know anybody out of the house except my aunt; and Mrs. Vanthorpe—and Mrs. Vanthorpe wouldn't cure, you know, even if she did hear of it—which she won't." _" Who is he," Charlton said, jumping up, " to give himself airs, I should like to know, and put on the ways of a gentleman, and think he has a right to call on people, on an equality, and not like me, taking orders for work ? Who is he that has a right to degrade a man as good as himself in the eyes of—of people ? I'll find out what he is—I'll show the world what he is. I'm on his track; I'll not fail, that I can tell him. Ill take down the pride of my gentleman. I have not had my suspicions, for nothing. I'm glad I struck him. He can't deny that. Go to bed, Janet; ifs no fault of yours. You are a good girl—much too good. Never uiiad, only go to bed just now." Poor Janet could do nothing but creep to bed and feel very miserable. She did not go to sleep, but lay wondering why things all seemed to turn out so unpleasantly. She was uneasy about Bobert's change of moods, and once she stole out of bed and peeped into the room where he sat. He had his head in his hands and he was crying—positively crying, like a child or a woman. Never in her life had Janet before thought of the possibility of a man crying for anything but perhaps the death of some one he loved. She ran to her husband and flung herself on the ground at his knees and clasped him in her arms, and begged of him io sobbing tones to tell her what was the matter. " The matter is," he said at last, " that I am a fool, Janet, and not like myself to-night. I ought to apologise to you for putting you out so, and I do apologise, Janet. You won't refuse to accept my apology, will you ?" They had no more trouble for that night; but Gabrielle Vanthorpe's spell did not seem thus far to be working with great success for the happiness of the Charltons. 