TALE ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you!" SHAKSPBARB. " Quamquan) ridentem dicere veram Quid vetetr-HORACB. Mr. Berry is not comfortable-neither ia the Major-nor are the rest of the office' holders. There are, however, some men who have greatly mended their position. Those, for instance, who early on Friday morning gave their convictions free play. What a relief after being eo many weary months fettered with servile chains to the Jugger naut-car. They must surely breathe more frfeely.' And having once asserted the sweets of independence, is it likely that these men will go back to slavery and fetish-worship ? The experiment of the plAbi&citum; was tried on the municipal election day, and it, I think, miserably failed.' The average elector cannot, it appears, differentiate two clear propositions. The whole of the retnrnB on the licensing vote show an immense number of informal ballot-papersand yet I think it did Hot require any extraordinary keenness of intellect to do what was re quired. Take one case for alL In . one electorate of more tbah -average intelligence the following is from the ballot-paper used *' BOROUGH or MXMXWBWXXT.-. "L Hie numberof publicans' licences ia not< to be increased. , .. "2. The number of publicans' licences may be increased by licences; " mbeotionb. " The voter is to strike outithe name of the proposition forwhich he does not intend to vote, by drawing a lime through the same with a pencil. " He must be Careful not to leave un cancelled more than one proposition, and if he votes in favour, of .the -seoond proposition .he mnBt'fill in the blank ^rith. the given num ber for .which he wishes to Vote, otherwise this ballot paper will be void." Now, aurely this is plain enbugh to be under stood. Beyond' the printed* directions the returning officer; for whom I cab answer as for tnysel^, was careful 4q '-explain to every, elector who looked *s if he needed guidance tWe tyodvt optfrawii. v Yet the result was, that out.of 686 bsdlot-^apers &stfed; 169 were taken-torn; the baUo^bbr invalid through the indifference or tmintelligence " of the TQterB. ' fir other woilds.nearly^ per cent, of those ,called upon tb fcqpreas a choice be tween/two distinct proipositlobs were in capable of doing Boiqtelligiblf; 'And; mark 7ou !r irrespective of tbe"169 Informal votes, a number of persons rtfnirtd to take ballot papers, as they didi't; they Midi a farthingabout the matter. How much better or mbre satisfactory in its results would bea pWftwc&tmrunder; Mr. Beny's Reform Bill? Alto!- for' tfoe decadence of ancient families t' This ihteresting -obituary notice 'graced a country journal last w⁣ S O'LOGHLEN.-On the7th July, 1879, at his residence, Cherrytee, Smythesdale, deeply; lamented by his family, Thomas, Hugh O'Loghlen, Esq., aged 76 years, grandson of of Malachi O'Loghlen, son of Terence O'Loghlen, by his wife Anne Galven whose niece was married to Judge Fletcher, of, Dublin, and nephew of the late Peter O'Loghlen. who left two daughters and one son, Hereditary Princes of Bwyrune, County Clare, Ireland, leaves a wife and two children, one son, Peter Nelson O'Loghlen, and Maria Josephine Reed, relict of the late James Berryman Reed, Esq, of Ballafat, formerly of Redruth, Cornwall, England. Two correspondents have written to me to know whether I can discover any other " ti frted ifcnff I'HncM" df I life flamfe"Hereditary Princes" of the same name in Mtllmithit. i fnay fit Mine tmy tliftt 1 don'tMelbourne. I may at once say that I catty an Irish Peerage in my waistcoat pbbket. The luck of Ihe fleceMed lloyal fibMohage tvns decidedly bad, foe he had, I titn informed, to feflth a precarious livelihood by the honest but bumble device of Jobbing In pigs, rfeturhifig nightly to his castle of bark upon bin l'J acrc estate-fi residence more remarkable for dirt than dignity, all of which must have been depressing to the spirit of U.K.11. the l'rince of Bwyrnne, al though he appears to have reached a ripe old agfc. There is something like an old-fashioned stir in the mining market. Within fourteen days the stock of five companies shows an increase in value of £67,000. Of this £28,800 is in the shares of the Long Tunnel Com pany, Walhalla, and the rest in those of the Catherine United, Ellesmere, New Chum Consolidated, and New Chum United com panies. The improvement is attributed to genuine mining prospects, which, if borne out by actual results, should open out a new era of mining prosperity. In Sydney they propose to gild Marshall Wood's bronze statue of the Queen, as a special attraction to the Exhibition! A writer in the Echo properly suggests that the gilding should be upon a replica in ginger bread, which the accommodating artist would doubtless furnish at a price. As an alterna tive I propose the gilding of Mr. M'Elhone, and that Her Majesty be left severely alone. The Queen needs no gilding. When the Earl of Mulgrave (father of the present Governor of Victoria) was Lord Lieu tenant of Ireland, the usual I4vee was held at the castle immediately after his lordship's arrival in Dublin, and his assumption of the reins of government. The ceremony was largely attended by the nobility and others desiroua of doing homage to the vice-regal representative of Great Britain, and amongst those who presented themselves on the occa sion was no less a personage than the O'Gorman Mahon, who was about the same time the representative of an Irish con stituency in the Imperial Parliament, and is at preeent the sitting member for Clare. On the O'Gorman Mahon presenting his card to the aide-de-camp, that officer, who it may be remarked had not yet mastered the proper accentuation of Celtic names, announced in a loud and distinct tone "The Ogreman Mahoon!" The man of many duels-who had probably stood up at twelve paces for a less trivial offence than that of which His Excellency's gentleman-in-waiting had just been guilty - drew himself up haughtily, and pointedly correcting the officer in a clear and somewhat peremptory style, ejaculated, "The O'Gorman Mahon, Bir!" The aide-de-camp's reply was prompt and pungent-"I thank the O'Gorman Mahon for teaching me to speak Irish correctly." We never, or hardly ever, miss an oppor tunity of exposing the geographical darkness of our English friends, when with inno cent confidence they address their letters to Melbourne, South Australia ; or Laun ceston, Victoria. Upon my word, we have no right to throw stoneB. The following is clipped from a clerical newspaper, ably and learnedly edited: " QUEENSLAND. " Bathurst.-The first session of the third Diocesan Synod opened on Tuesday, 20th May. The Bishop, in hiB address, stated," &c.; In Queensland there is no Bathurst, certainly no Bishop of Bathurst, and this is a Bathurst with a bishop in the western district of New South Wales. Is nicety of doctrinal dis tinction incompatible with geography and the use of the globes ? Down at Napier, N.Z., the proprietor of the Herald sued the Town and Country Jockey Club for an advertisement respecting the Kaikoura Races. Mr. Tye, who has lately taken the benefit of the act, was called by the plaintiff {very plaintive) newspaper as a witness. When asked who were the com. mittee, he said only himself. Other people had agreed to take an interest in the matter, but none of them came forward or took any ..part in the affair; BO he, as steward, had ap pointed himself to be committee, and as their committee he had agreed himself to be trea surer and secretary, and as secretary had given instructions to himBelf as auctioneer to sell the booths and cards of the races, and as -auctioneer had,instructed one of his men to buy the cards. There was one thing, how ever, he omitted Jo dp, and that was to instruct himself as treasurer to pay the account for advertising. . : , , Ar^ observer/outside one of Mr. Woods' .barriers the other $ay noticed the following: .-A little girl .was pressing one of the wealthiest of the tyegt&rn; district landholders to buy her. matches... " is it money ye want?" saidhejn the rich Doric of his native Scot land,, and fumbling in his trousers pocket he of the match-seller. The little girl (as, in .deed, difl the onl^okfr) thought,that the coin was intended to be a gift, and she turned to importune another intending railway pas senger. It was simply terrible, said my in formant, to see the clutch that great cattle breeder made at a box of matches in the child's hand. Of course he captured what he had honestly purchased. A genial dignitary of the Church of Eng land, whoee appearance is that of a pros perous English fannpr, and carries with it suggestions of stubble and turnip fields, lately occupied the iront seat of a waggonette. Thp 4riy§r, a Londoner, with a quick appre* ciation of the fitness of things, and a large disregard fortepirates, recognising the doth, agreeably opened a conversation thus*: "T^hereaint much 'igh Church Tiout'ere, sir,'* Themerend passenger, wljio is over 6ft. in h^stocltinga, suspecting some personal alia-1 sion.aaked him what he considered 3gh Church. " Why,", replied he, "like tjhey 4oes ,at Maoopochie'p,, bqt thejf w7tbern comespretty close up at ^AndfieLd'a j" A lew weeka ago, in a <$b rwxnuig ; Rdtifllittffll to fcngteliitWk, fiftt ft fitdtwfttt On(? iilblimti ati<1 ft eotfi&iytotfig; wortiifi. On flift trlfi llift w»1nftMi tit? Mr. hawWftB, the gtfitlfefnafily hwplM-collebiot Ootiilti Jnck ofahBiflfetwl tbfe oomnioii onte oppbrtflrtfe for nmoMtift, and pfadttced hifl pipe and tobftecn. "Surely," enid the gnllaht Da^kifiS (who hateg tobacco smoke), " you arft not gal rig to stnokfe with this young worn an ih the cnh! You should be more polite in the pf#sfefice of ladies. 1 object, Cousin Jack !" That tofnwHr passenger for a momenfc seemed taken aback, anfl theh with an injured air replied, " Not smoke afore ebfe! Why, her belongs to I. Things must be pretty had when a man can't smoke for fear of ill-conreniencitig his own wife 1" The plea was unanswerable. Kiewa,N.Z.., asks me whether Professor Pepper, now performing at St. George's Hall, is the person to whom, when the invited were waiting for a move to the dinner-table, Douglas Jetrold whispered in an audible aside, " Mr. Pepper, your guests are all mustered 1" I can only say that, if it be not the same Professor Pepper, it is beyond doubt his ghost The irresistible energy of Madame Ver-a-loie is known, and has made itself felt, n#t only in Australia, but in London, Italy, and else where. Where the silkworm spinneth there hath fluttered the unconquerable Madame V. Prior to a late Agricultural and Pastoral Show she had, in her overwhelming way, compelled the committee to offer certain prizes for cook* ing, preserving, &c.; She waB herself an en thusiastic competitor, and, amongst other toothsome things, contributed adozen oranges candied whole in some especially delicious fashion. Now, in the neighbourhood there was a youthful Bon of a well-known Melbourne surgeon. That youth and thoBe oranges were in a room together unaccompanied. Five minutes later there was still a youth, but no visible candied oranges. Shortly their prema ture fate came to the knowledge of the fair competitor. Without the least hesitation she telegraphed to the eminent surgical father in Melbourne, " George has swallowed an exhibit-send a Btomach-pump !" In the mind of that agonised parent there passed in review the probable exhibits at an agri cultural show, and there flitted before him a gloomy array of possibilities, from a greasy fleece to a coil of fencing wire-a pair of sheep-Bhears to a patent dam-scoop-his un easiness being at last relieved by a second message, from the show secretary, describing the nature of the swallowed exhibit, and that " George " was " as well as could be ex pected." On this day week I was engaged in Geelong upon a business mission, requiring the written assent of a number of people who had no per sonal knowledge of me to a certain important document. Amongst these was a lady. I called at her residence, and was ushered nto a pretty drawingroom by a neat-looking maid servant. I asked for a few minutes' con versation with Mrs. Blank, and was left for about five minutes admiring some excellent I pictures on the wall. The maid-servant then ' returned, and addressed me thusPlease, sir, missus says she has spoken to Mr. Blank, and she isn't going to give anything to the Bible Society this year V I promptly disclaimed the worthy occupation of which I had been unjustly suspected, and again re quested an interview, which was followed by the entrance of a lady of pleasant manners, evidently amused by her own misconception of my pursuits. " Madam," said I, as a preliminary to explaining what J had come about, " are you a woman of business?" " At present," said she, with a merry twinkle of the eyes, " I am a woman of scones in the kitchen!" A reply so expressive of the need of prompt action that we were soon on ex cellent terms. My mission was accomplished, the lady hospitably offering me "a glass of port," which I told her 1 was quite sure the Bible Society collector wouldn't refuse the next time he called. iEGLES. 