RUBENSTBIN'S PIANO PLAYING. JUD BEO WIN'S DESCRIPTION TBEREOff. "JVD they Bay you beard Bubenstein play when you were in New York. Well, tell ub about it." "What, meP I might'a well tell you about the creation of the world." "Come, now; no mook modesty. Go ahead." "Well, Blr, he had the blamedeBt, biggest, oattyoorneredeat planner you ever laid eyes on. Somethin' like a dis tracted billiard table on three legs. The lid was h'isted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a-torn the intire inside olean out, and aoattered'em to the four winds of heaven." " Played well, did he P" " You bet be did j but don't interrup' me. When he first set down he 'peaved to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wisht be hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on the treble, and twoodle-oodle le oodle'd some on the bass ; just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in hia way. And I says to a man aittin' next to me, a' I, what Bort of a fool playin' is that ? And he says ' Hee'sh 1' But presently bio bands commenced obasln' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rats eoamperin' through a garret very owift. Farts of it was sweet, though, and reminded one of a sugar squirrel turning the wheel of a candy cage. "' Now,' I says to my neighbour, . he's showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of nothin'. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other, I'd-' " But my neighbour says 1 Hee'sh!' very impertinent,' "I was just) about to git up and go home, bein' tirea of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling sleepy-like to his mate, and I looked up and I see Buben was be , ginnin' to take some interest in hia busi ness, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light oome faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh; some more birds waked up in the orohard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, and the gal opened the Bhutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms, a little more and it teoht the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day j the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats; all tne leaves was movin' and flashin' diamons of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a breakfast in every house in the land, and not a siok child or a woman anywhere. It was a. fine mornin'. And I says to my neighbour, 'that's music, that is/ " But he glar*d at me like he'd like to out my throat.' " Presently the wind turned ; it begun to thioken up, and a kind of grey mist eome over things ; I got low-spirited d'reotly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touoh the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away liSe round rubies. It was pretty, but melanoholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaoes, and then they melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined eaoh other at the bottom, and mad) a brook that flowed silent except that you oould kinder see the musio, 'specially when the musio went along down the valley. I oould smell the flowers in the meadow. But, the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The moat ourious thing was the little white angel boy, like you Bee in piotures, that ran ahead of the musio brookj and led it on, away out of the world, where no man ever was-I never was, certain; I could see that just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunset, and shono on the grave yards, where some few ghost.: lifted thoir hands and went over the wall, and between the blaok sharp-top trees splendid marble houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but oould never get anigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-oried, beoause I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with the guitars did. Then the sun went down, It got dark. The wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I oould a-got up then and there and preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to liv9 for, not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want the musio to stop one nit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable, I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my hand kerchief and blowed mv nose loud to keep from oryin\ My eyes ia weak anyway, I didn't want anybody to be a-gazm' at me a.snivilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my ,nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tuoker. Then, all of a-sudden, old Reuben changed hiB tune. He ripped and he rar'd, he tipped and ta'rd, he pranced and he ohargod Hke the grand entry at a circus. Peered to mo that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look anv man in the face, and not afeared of nothin. It was a oirous and a brass band, and' a big ball, all goin' on, at the same time. He lit into them keys, like a thousand of briok; he giv'em no rest day or night; he set every liven joint in me, agoin', and not bein' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my seat, and just hollered,' Go it, my Rube I' " Every blamed man, woman and child in the house stared at me, and shouted, ' Put him out I put him out 1' 'Put your ! great-grand-mother's grizzly, grey, grfiou 1 ish cat into the middle of next month I' I Bays, ' Tetoh me if you dare I I paid my money, and you just oome a-nigh me.' " With that some several p'lioemeu run up, aud I had to Blmmer down, But! would a fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to bear Buby out or die. He had changed his tune agin. Ho hopt, like ladies, and tip-toed fine from eond to eend of the bey board, Ho played soft and low and solemn. I heard the ohuvoh bolls over the hills. The oandles in heaven wca , lit one by one; I saw the eta rioc j tho | greater organ ol eternity began to play from ! the world's end to the world's end, and all the angela went to prayers. Them ti - musio changed to water, fall of fsolin' thfc'". oouidn't be thought, find began to dropK;; drip, drop, drip, drop, olear and sweet like teara ol joy iallia' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that, it was an sweet as a sweetheart aweetenin' sweetness with whlto sugar, mist with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell youtho audienoe cheered, Rubon bo klndor bowed, like he wanted to say, . Muoh obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt me.' Ho stopped a minute or two to fetoh breath. Then he got mad; be run. his fingers through bis hair, he shoved up his sleeves, be opened his ooat-tuila a leetle further, he drug up his stool, ho leaned over, and, sir, he just went for that old ftianner. Be slapped her faoe, he boxed her aws, he pulled her noBo, he pinohod bo? ears and soratohed her cheeks till sbo fairly yelled. He knooked her down and stamped on her Bhameful, She bellowed like a bull, she bleated like a oalf, she howled like a hound, she squealed like a pig, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He run a quarter etretoh down the low gionacU o2 the bate, till be got oleaa into the bowels of the earth, and yon beard thunder gailopin' after thunder through the hollo wo »oa oaves of perdition; and then he fox ohased his right hand with hie left, till he got way out o 1 tho treble into the olouds,. whar the notes were finer than the points of oambrio needles, Bad you couldn't hear nothin' but tho shudders of 'om. And then he wouldn't let tho old pianno? go, Ha 'or ardTtwod, ho oroe't oyer first. gefltlPJPHIW ores t over first lady; ho balanood to pards; «0 ohaaeade right-loft, back to places; he all handa'd aroun'; ladioa to the sight; promenade all, in and oat, here and there, ? oaob and forth, up and down, perpetual motion double and twiated and tied down, ftftd turned and taokod and tangled into forty, 'leyen thousand mistory. And then he woald'nt let the old pi&nner; go. He fetohti up his right wing ; ho fotobt up his left wing; he fetoht up his contreu; he ietoht up his re serves. He fired by files, he fired by plat oons, by company, by rogimoato and bjL' brigades. Ho oponod bio cannon, oiege guns down thai'-Napoloono horo, twelvo-pounder^ vonder, big gnua, litilo gaua, middle-sized guns, round shot, shells, grapnels, grape* i oonifltov, mortars, mines end magasineat every livia' battery and bomb figoia? at the^ eatoo time. Tbo houae troaiblod, the ligblt danced, tho walls ohuk, tho floor coma up,".' tbo eeilia' come down, tho sky split, the ground rookt, ho&vons; and earthy orea-' tion, sweet potatoos, Mosea, niuopenees, glory, teaponny nailo, jay Msry Anaj Hallelujah, Samson in a 'eimmona tree Jerooaal'm, Tramp Thompson in a tumble-1 cai'fc i,oodle'Oodle- oodlo*oodle'Oodle'!ruddle« uddle- uddle . uddle - raddle- addle-addle-ftd«I dle-addlo-viddlo. ladle - iddle -seetle-eetle-( eetle=eetle«e8tlo»eat]ie'P'i'*r'r-r*Iang J p-rir»:'* r-r-lang! per lauj I per langl p-r-r-r.r.r.r-r iRHSl.UAW&l; '?. "With that bang! be lifted himself bodily into the air. and he come down with) hia knees, hia ten fingers, his ten toea/hio elbowo, aii(i hia nose, striking every singly., solitary peg on that planner at the same " time. The thing buatsd and went off into seventeen hundred and Qffcy-eovea, five hundred and. forty-two haim-demi-aem quaverB, and I know no ino'. Whenil come two I were under ground about twenty foot, in ji place they call Oyster Bay, treating a Yankee that I never eyes on before, and never espeofc to aginj'4 Day waa a-breakin' by the timo I got* to tho St. Nioh'laa Hotel, and I pledge'you my word I didn't know zny name. The man asked me the number of my room, T t.nld him. 'Hot mwio on th$ halfvshtil, for two!" I pointedly dld.r .Detroit Free Press, THEEB lives in , Kentuoky, a clever gentleman and an excellent lawyer as well, Judge D--. This gentleman was intimate with, an old gentleman, Governor R--, living in an adjacent county. Governor R-- "was and is (for I believe ho ie still '? living) what we are in the habit of calling an;l old-tiiiao Virginia gentleman of stately, dignity. Well, the judge waa on a visit at-') tho old governor's houso, and it happened : that tho governor took him out riding in hiau 'buggy, and that iu packing along the turn*;It pike they approaehed a toll-gate, when the judge. taking out his purca aa if to pay the .1 toll, the governor aaid, in hie stately way* " I'vo been a long time trying to make you a gentleman, to littlo purpose, I see. Ton . must know, cir, that when a gentleman taket a gentleman out riding, he does not expect' him <\ to pay his passage.1' The judgo put up hia a o pooket»book and oaid nothing. After a-, while they came to a gate on the governQr'^y/ placo, whon the govornor stopped the buggy for the young judge to get out and open the gate; but tho judge oat still, and-waa.j ailent. After a while, fctill waiting, the,,; governor said, ', Ahom I ahom I" waiting,u tor the judge to move, and then again,, t} " Ahom I^ahem !" After a good long pau^e. the judge said, " Governor R-~, you muss .; know, Bir, that when t? gentleman takes g gentleman out to ride, ho doesn't cxpcct him tQ,<\ work his pasiage /" and thero the judge hpd him sure-don't you think ao.-Harper's. , , ,i;( HEEE are two matters of a thoologloal nature, one from Tozay, tho other from ''' Ireland, which illustrate phueea of, belief BA to the ultimato destination of tho parties to v the dialogues. Tho flret io of two old- Ttfxas rangero who had just helped bury a neigh" .>y bpur, and -were talking about religion, and ono aaked tho othor how piouo he thought'it wati poeuiblo for a man to get in thiB world} if he were in real earnest. ' . .'>*t " Wa'al," aaid tho othor, reflectively, WJot think of a man gets BO 't he can swop Bieerp va or trade hoauea without lyin', 'at he'd better pull out for tho better land afore he has a relapse." ' .. The neat is of an Irish labourer who was lying in a ditoh, very much the worse f6rV> liquor. He was encountered by the jpriesfcin; of his parish. Very' muoh enookecf, "'hia reverence turned the drunkard over,, -who muttered, utos "Where am IP" Z '» " On the road to hell," replied the priest*. sternly. '. . ? . Wf " I thought so," said Pat. H when. I heardvi iPjftther Murtagh's voice on the road ,too.'.' > 1. 