International Exhibition. There are a good number of peoplo poing to the Garden Polaoe this morning', and CTCrythinc is in splendid order for the reception of visitors. This afternooH the celebrated ' Clustering' pianos will be performed on in the American Coi'rt by Sig nor and Sifrnora, Giorza, and Miss St. Cioir will sing. lieasrs. Barron, Mozham, and Co. aro the agunte lor these, nianos. The attendance at tho Garden Palace yesterday was: — Season ticket holders, 418; general public, 2521 ; children, 32S : exhibitors and attendants, S12 ; Parramatta Protestant Orphan School and attend ant*, 272 ; total, 4351. We have to acknoyrledRd the receipt from the Japanese Commissioner, Mr. Harno Sakatu, of tho offioial aatalogue of the Japanese court at the Garden Palace. It is exceedingly well got up, and contains a large quantity of valuable information about the various exhibits. Tho wool show at the International Exhibition will be held in the Agricultural Hall on the 20th. December. The number of entries received are already upwards of 400, inclnding wools from New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, and America. They are classified as follows: — Fine combing wool (merino) in grease, clothing- wool (merino) in prcase, floe combing wool (merino) washed, clothing wool (merino) washed— New South Wales, 83 ; Tasmania, 23 ; Queensland, 4fi ; Victoria, 12 ; South Australia, 2 ; total, 1GG. Strong combing wool in grease and strong oombiBg wool washed — New South Wales, 10 ; Tasmania, G ; Queensland, 20 : Victoria, G; South Australia, G; and New Zealand, 4: total, 52. Wool, in grease, from any variety of sheep other than merino, and wool washed, from any variety of sheep other than merino — New South Wales, 13; Queensland, S-, New Zealand, 3; total, 21\. Bales of merino wool— New South Wales, 39 : Tasmania, 12 ; Queensland, 10 ; Victoria, S ; South Australia, lj and New Zealand, 1; total, 71. Ertra exhibits of ordinary commercial bales, fleeces, samples, or collection of foreign or colonial wools — Ncvr South Wales, 19 ; Tasmania, 22 ; Queensland, 12 ; Victoria, 7; South Australia, 3; New Zealand, i; United States, 2*; total, 91. Altogether New South Wales contributes lfrt exhibits ; Tasmania, G3 ; Queens land, 93; Vie term., 33; South Australia,, 12 ; New Zealand, 12; United States, 24; total, 401. HCaiC AT THE GAItDEN PAliCK. On Thurcday the orchestra, of the Garden Palace, under the direction of Signor Giorza, gave a concert of instru mental music at the base of the southern tower in t!ie Prenob Court. Tho proerammo contisted of Freunh music, or, at least, of music written by Frenchmen. Tl-e opeaing number, the overture to tho ' Crown Diamondc,' was nicoly played, and as the nnibic is of a ' sparkling' character, it was very pleating to the lis teners. A Berceuse, both solemn and melodious, was dune full justice to, asd was fallowed by a Breton dnnca by Jules Meilhan, but whether composed, or merely s.rrau?eii for the orchestra by him, we do sot know. It is u. quaint and curious composition, apparently original, sad uot without merit, but so heavily instrumented as to be very noisy. Owing to this preutlemau's anxiety to iriva every instrument a part, all the com positions by him. which we have heard ore over inBtrnnionted, and eonseqvently more or less noisv. We wish it, however, to be distinctly understood that his eompetltioQS are vnor& original than any other so-called original compositions vhich have been played in the Palace. As we are pious and devout believers ill the exist ence of wizards and witches, and dancing goblins, ghosts, and all other monstrous and prodigious things, we sfcronely reeouimend this Eretonnese dance to the atten tion ot ell snoh amorphous buinga, for owing to its weird, ness it would be extremely suitable fora dance on a blasted heath by the light of a thunderstorm. A selection from 'The Huguenots ' was given with Brent strength, and no doubt, byreason-pt tke vigour displayed by the performers, it pleased many people. Some of tho airs wore nicely played, but-tbe foi*ei»8»ages were executed in accordance with tbe motfco, '^Browfcwjndp, and orack your cheeks.' BoiWieu's overture to ' Tbe White Lady ' was lluely ren dered. Though arranged by a Frenchman, the music is essentially Scotch. The most prominent melody in it is the air of the well- known Scotch br.llad, ' The bush uboou Traqunir.' The rost of the overture is pervaded by the spirit of Scottish music. We do not know whether Frenchmen ever eat porridge, but if they do, prob ibly Boildicu had strains associated with bannocks and barley meal careering through his brain when he wrote this overture. Let us act justly— take it nway from the French court and give it back to 'Auld Caledonia stern snd wild,' tho rightful owner of the greater port of it. The remaiuiug numbers on tbe programme we did not hear, but we understand they wore very finely played. There was a large audience, and all went merrily like a marriage bell. Mr. Daniel O'Connor ?willask tho Colonial Secretary to-night what pension the late constable Bowon'B widow will receive. Quite right, Mr. O'Connor! The tolis derivable from the Blacktown-road Toll gate were said on Wednesday by Mr. C. 11. Bedwell, on behalf of the road trust, and realised the sum of J2169— Mr. J. E. Okub, pnrohaser. The officiating magistrates at the Water Polica Court, this morning:, were Mr. Marsh, W.P.M., and Messrs. Leater, Goodridge, Fowler, and Arguimbau, and the following is ths manner in whioh the cases vrere dealt with : — Ambrose Fitzgerald, charged with using threatening language towards his wife, was ordered to find sureties, self in £20 and two sureties of £10 each for his peaceful behaviour during tho ensuing six months, or, failing to find sureties, to undergo three months' imprisonment. An elderly nan named Kiohard JoneB, alias Smith, was brought up aad remarried to Monday neit on iv nharga of fraudulently obtaining the sum of .£13 from Mr. William Street. The accused was ar rested at WollongoBg on warrant, and forwarded to Sydney. George Arthur EaBtoa, a tailor, but more frequently following the oooupation of a street musi cian, was acetified of stealing a puree, diamond rug, Bilver ring, gold bnokle ring, seaman's discharge, half eovereigfc, and 15s in silver, value is all .£10, the property of Thornae Anderson, steward of tho steam ship Zsilandia. The proseoutor affirmed tho t he had notioed the jewellery safe in his cabin abont 9 o'clock in the morning of the 1st instant. _ A whxlo after wards the articles and money were miBBed, and abont noonton the same day the prisoner pawned the diamond ring s-t fily's pawn-office, Bridge-street. Eastern's defence was that he had found the ring amongst some delfts in King-street. The magistrates, with some hwttaney, oosamitted the aooused for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Ellen Bisby, 35, was fined 40s with the alternative of one month in goal for ob scenity in Albion- Btreet, in addition to a fine of 10e or four days' gaol for drunkenness in Fitzroy -street. Charles ^Thompson, of the vessel Union, was sum moned by Sergeant Donohoe for not having a tar paulin spread when discharging ballast, and fined 20a, with costs. In the Summons Court, on the prose cution of Inspector Seymour, Mary Hughes was fined £Zt witb 5* c»BtS, for allowing rubbish to remain in a oaniase way; and Edward Wilkinson was fined £2, with 5s costs, for neglecting to keep his premises clean. A cabman, named Martin Walsh, was snm moned by Inspector Onun, of the Transit Commis sion, for overcharging. It waa shown that the de femdant had been hired by Mr. Alfred Eose, agent to Madame Summerhayes, to drive that lady from the Exhibition to the Circular Quay. The cabman was paid his fare of Is before he started, but demanded another shilling on arriving at the destination. The demand met with a prompt refusal, and tho defendant became offensive. The bench (Messrs. Fanfold and BobinBon) held that a clear case of extortion liadbenn made out against the defendant, whom they fined £3 with oosts, or, in default of payment, one month's imprisonment, and aommondod the lady for having legally prooeeded against the extortionist. 