Tlio fiftomaii Cnffiulles nnd JBdiicatioii. We (5, Al. Herald) have received from his Grace Archbishop Vnugbnn tho following Po3loml Letter of tho Archbishop and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales 44 To our dearly beloved brethren and children iu Christ, the Clergy, Secular nnd Ilegu- lar, and the Faithful ttuder our juris diction. "Health and Benediction in tho Lord Jesus Christ. 41 Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education arc steadily increasing so as to become nbsoluto perils to religion, and thnt unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice; wo, tlio Archbishops nnd Blshopshnvingjurisdiction in New South Wales, who are rcqionsiblo to God for the souls of parents nnd children confided to our care, deemed it onr duty to meet nnd take counsel together rcgardtug tho present con dition of nffnirs, so that wo might then, by tlio authority of our united voice, instruct, want, nnd. direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. 44 The erection of costly Pnblic Schools Iq ovcry direction, which is conliunally going on ; tho steady systematic way in whiclt our Denominational Schools are being weakened and extinguished ; the treatment of Catholics at Bandwick niul'thc Benevolent Asylum; tho prospect of secularist Grammar Schools springing up at the public expense in AInit- land, Goulburn, nud Bntlmrst ; of a secularist High School for girls being established in Sydney, nud partially endowed by tbo Go vernment; of £1600 a year being spent for five 'years on tho education at Grammar Sohools of boys exclusively from Publio Schools ; this lavish expenditure of publio money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of . others who cannot in con science avail themselves of it, is, in a free community liko our own, . where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot bo submitted to iii silence. 44 And more thnu this, this expenditure ou godless education, this studding the colony with schools which . the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill tho country with indiffcrcntists, not to sneak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic rands — of taxes paid out of Catholic jxrckcts — for establishing n system of education through out the land, which not merely Catholics cnunot safely make use of, hut which they firmly believe is calculated tosap the foitndn- iiou? 01 vjunsiuuuiy, is nu nci so gniung 10 every feeling of fair-play, that we do not sco how any frco mnn, with nuy spirit iu him, cnt) allow it to pass nnchnllcngcd. 41 Not merely as Bishops of tlic Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that same even- handed justice ; and bclicrc it to be the duty of the Catholic body, not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fcllow- colonists. Wc, Catholics, who represent one-third of tbo population, do not ask for or scok ouo jot or title more considera tion than our. fellow tax- payer? receive; and we do not seo why we should be content with one jot or title less. ' Let it be boruo in mind that this is dis tinctly a religious question. With politics, ns such, it wns never our taste to meddle. Wo prefer to do our work iu peace, and avoid tho conicuuon 01 nvni panics, imc wucn not iuBtico alone, but tho future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain posi tion ; when tho question of education is in point of fact the great religious question of the day; wc should be prevaricating against our bomulcn duty, nnd should prove ourselves unfitted for our truBt, were wo to hold our pence ; did wc not, nt the present juncture, set forth the teaching of the Church with great distinctness, nud point -out to yon, your duties n? interpreted by that teaching. ' 44 Christ came on earth to renew tho world by tho graces ou His spirit, by His perfect law of life, nnd by thcsupcrnntnrnl rovelntiou of IBs will to man. What tbo highest pagan ism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that IIo did, in nil its fullness and pcrfcctfou. The first chapter of Kt. Paul's Epistle to the llomnu? gives us an outline of tho degrada tion to wliich ntnu con fnil under a civiliza tion which is based upon the passions ; whilst tlio higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, nnd Cicero has proved to us how impotent nro literature nnd philosophy nud intclicctunl cultivation, when they tot themselves to purify Lho spirit of tho inner man. The tiidcous blots which disfigure the highest morality of ltomo and Athens are as so uinuy lingers which point to the niter imbecility of man when ho thinks to civilize the heart, in struct the couscicncc, nnd direct tlio will, apart from tho iuflucncc of truo religion. And what tho liistoiy of the post has proved to bo llic case, the history of the present is ever more and move confirming. Wtrfiml on nil sides, Hurt where philanthropists hnvo at tempted to educate the inuer life of mini by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual culture the effect 1ms always been the mure. Every civilization which has not had Christianity for its basis lias been dwarfed, stunted, nncb deformed ; ami every effort. from that of the most remote paganism to thnt of the most modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience the will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in tho dcgnulntiou of man, and in tho collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. The rcasou may have been exercised, and tlio intellect may have been informed ; but, apart from Chribiumity, the moral nature, on which rnnn's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor bis powers, passions, and motives elevated or refined. 44 wbat paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into the world. What legislation cannot touch, or philosophy shape or sustain, thai our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify and to ennoble, through tho gifts and guidances of the Christian dispensation, lie, and lie alone, was able to convert and re generate, and deal effectually with, tho inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required tho power of holy baptism, with its interior ami super natural effects; tho light of faith illumina ting tho intellect and inforuiiug the con science ; a nd the grace of the Bncmmenls, espe cially of pcnauco and tho altar, together with a siqiemnturnl life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before man could gain nny adequate notion of what Christian civilisation really meant, and of tho effects ou the entire man of Clirist'an education. 'These things, it is plain, arc spcclnl gifts of God to fallen nature ; they arc graciously bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist hitn iu withdrawing himself from the tyranny of passion nnd the thraldom of pride ; away from thnt brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, the devil, and the llesli. besides thc«o gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect kind, com pared with tho obscurity of the past. It taught man thnt in comparison with tho next world, this world nnd nil its wealth nnd knowledge, are ' as dross ; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the pre- scut life can offer; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, beforo all things else ; and whatever he gniu if ho lose God; all is lost ; and whatever he lose, if he gain God all is gained. Christinuity brought into' tho world, also, three iuvnlttnblc gifts ; a true knowledge of God, a Divluo living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of lovo towards God and man. " On these teachings, all civilisation nnd legislation, all morality, public, social, and private are ' founded. Without these men falls back inlo paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates to wards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with Christianity thus acting as a moral forco upon mnnkind, through supernatural grace, tho etlicacy of tho sacraments, nnd tho teachings of llcvcla tion, man in llftcn up ; his reason energizes iu its fullest freedom, his consclcnco is trained to a sonso of highest duty, ami Ids heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulnca and ripeness which nro never to bo found under less favorable conditions. " Now wo arc bound, both by tho natural nnd tho revealed law, to educate children In the kuowlcdgc of God, in Ilia love, ami in His commandments. As Christians wo arc bound to oducnto llicra in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which tho Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nnlure parents arc bound io train their children ; nnd by the law of Christi anity the Church is bound to sco thnt parents do their duty. Aud whilst father ami mother on the one hand, arc obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from tho dawning of their reason: the Church is bound, on tho othor hand, to complete the work which the parents have begun. 4 Go ye therefore nnd tench,' or umkc disciples of all nations, baptising them iu the name of the rather, nnd of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe nil tliiugs whatever I have commanded you/ is her commission. I tore the duty is imposed upon her, and sho receives the necessary gifts nnd powers. Thus both parents and tho Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they arc in perfect harmony ; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone iu the Christian schools, but developed and 1 e completed. Through the whole period tho graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of tho Christian child ; tho heart, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, aud senses, the complete personality becomes saturated by a civiliza tion, of which Christianity alone can bo the origin. 44 Thus it is self-evident that education without Christinuity is impossible ; you may call it instruction, filling the mind witlin certain qunntity of secular knowledge, but you cannot dignify lb with tho name educa tion;' for religion is an essential part of education ; nnd to divorce religion or Chris tianity from Education is to return to pngnnism, and to reject tho Gospel of Jesus Christ Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that: method of leaching in which the religious element Is divorced from the secular. Sho knows thnt instruction is not education, nnd that a system of national training from which Christianity is bnuislicd, Is a system of practical pngnuisin, which lends to corrup tion of morals nnd loss of faitli, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. "It is not, therefore, surprising that Popo Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people nnd our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on, Iu it they will find no new doctrine, hut the old teaching of tho Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. 4 Tho greatest injury is inflicted on society/ says tho Supreme > Pontiff, 'when the directing and solidary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church nnd of common wealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of thnt truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure tho foundation of peace and public order.' nnd promote and direct the truo nnd useful progress of civilization, nnd give man those helps which arc necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And iu truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to tho know ledge of natural things, nnd docs not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from tho truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by (ho spirit of error nnd untruth ; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, nnd of its salutary moral precepts,- instructs the miud and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly pro duce a generation which will hnvo no guide hut its owti wicked passions nnd wild con ceits, and which will bo a source of greatest misfortunes to the common wealth nnd th?ir own families. Who does not sco that tho same system will give rise to still greater evils if it bo introduced into primary schools ; for it is in these schools above nil that the children of the pcopto ought to be carefully taught from their teudcr years tho mysteries aocl precepts of our lioly religion, and to bo trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilisation. In such schools religious teaching ought .to have so leading a place in nil that concern educa- ka .; Hon and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, arc exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore since primary schools nro established chiefly to givo tho people a religious education ami to lead them to piety and Ctiristinu morality, they have justly at tracted to themselves in a greater dogrce than other educational institutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. 'The design of withdrawing primary sehoo's from the control of the Churuii, and the exertions made to carry the design into of- 'fect,arc therefore inspired by a spirit of hos tility towards her, and by the desire of ex tinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy fuith. 'Those who protend that the Church oughtlo abdicate or suspend her control and her snlutnry notion upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobuy the commands of her Divine Author, and to lm false to the charge 6he 1ms received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this jiernlcious design of removing tho schools from ecclesiastical authority should be entertnincd and carried into exe cution, and the young thereby exposed to the daagcr of losing their faith, there the Church would bo in duly bound not only to u>o bar Injat efforts, and to employ every menus to sccuro for tlicm tho necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to wnrn all the faithful, aud .to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools us being adverse to the Catholic Church.' 41 Wherover tho question of Secularists1 schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached the smno doctrine, aud hnvo urged upon the peoptc the same truths with the same warnings. How the Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod nnd out of Synod, again and agnin, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy has more than onco considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to the same effect. Iu one of the recent joint pastoral letters they nay: 'We have already declared that education without Christianity is iinpoi.dblc; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular nnd religious elements of education are inseparable ; that education is essentially religious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there Is no education. Ilold fast by tho old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may givo instruction, but education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, lot It not be called education. Not only is education without religion im possible, but instruction without religion is instruction without morality A people to whom morality is not taught cannot be moral ; but Christian morals cannot be taught without religion ; for wlint is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour ? And how is it possible to teach this law of duly without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this— unless men arc going to reduce n Christian people to the level of Deists— Christianity must be taught hi our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the knowledge of Christ, ami that again, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history, Jlfs teaching, His command ments. His incarnation, His divine per sonality. Aud what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity, In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not tnught ; nnd where morality is not taught, the heart, thu con science, niul the will of children aro not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. Wbat can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families, nnd to Elates, than to call this education ?f "Such, then, being the emphatic tcacliiug of tho Catholic Church, we, tho Archbishop and Bi.shops of this colony, with nil the weight of our authority, condomn tho prin ciple of Secularist education, and those schools wbicit arc founded on that principle. Wo coudcm tlioin, first, because, they con travene the first principles of the Christian re ligion ; aud secondly, because thny arc seed- plots of future immorality, infidelity, nnd lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human cxceltcnco, and to corrupt tho political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, iu the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realizes the true position of affairs. They should bring beforo tho minds of pnrcnUtho terrible calamity to their children 111 exposing Ihcin (o loss of faith and morals, nuu endeavor to make them feel thnt they could not do a greater service to rcligiou or to tho Slate tlrau to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, pro mises to be a source of Incalculable evil to tho colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents who through a spirit of indifference or worMlincss,. arc exposing their chiklrcu to proximate danger or pervision and of ruin, that tbey arc tempting the anger of tho Al mighty God ; ami that tbey aro jeopardizing the fnith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who arc too young to help themselves and who have been confided by mature itself to their guardiauslfip and protection. Let them often remind tho people that they are gravely responsible if they givo encourage ment to such schools, for by so doing, they arc helping to perpetuate a great crii, nnd are standiug as obstacles in tho way of Christian men who arc bent on bringing about n change. Let ono aud all remember what their fathers of old suffered for tho fnith, ami let them uot show themselves unworthy of their owu flesh nnd blood — flesh which was freely wounded, nnd bloou which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. "We arc profoundly conscious that a Intent sense of fair play exists iu the com munity at largo. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before tho minds of their fellow- electors, nnd their representatives iu Parlia ment these two facts, first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they ennuot safely use, aud which they consider an evil to tho country ; and secondly, that avhUst they arc thus made to pay, no equal provision has bcou made for them ; let the country fully com prehend pur grievances/ami a sense of com mon even-banded justico will assist lis in working out a remedy. Would Secularists hold their pence, If without cqunl provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, aud Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Cnlbotic institutions ? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordi nary injustice and unfairness? And would not the whole world agree with them ? "It will be urged that tho State leaves religion to pareuts and priests, aud lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. "True, the Stato do<u not, and cannot, claim a commission to educate. It is the boimdcn duty of the State to protect, not to usurp, tho moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers ami mothers nro required by tho natural and Divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp, the parental rights, aud to coui|icl parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is iaught. To doso would be to indulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. The Stale bus no rights higher or moro sacred than those of i>urents. Nor docs the authority of the Church cross or thwarL the natural rights and duties of parents: its commission is to see thnt those rights are not invaded, and that those duties are performed. " Tho Catholic Church coiuteius godless schools aud Secularist education because they nro solvents of Christianity, and teml towards depriving Christian children of a prioolefu treasure. And t;n man can be a sound Catholic aud support that which the Church condemns. " Tho Stale may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is not adverse to Christianity nnd to the Catholic religion. Rut in mntters of rcligiou. arc Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Docs not the Cliureh know her own true interest bust ? ilns not she had ex perience of centuries, iu point of iitno;nml nil over the world, in point of space ? Arcnot her professed opponents ou the side of secu larist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, ho far as it has gone, fostered and de veloped a Christian spirit ? Has not the Cntholic episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench kucIi a npirit ? "What is our own experience, and thnt of the Catholic clergy in this colony I To their shame, it must be said, some of our people do semi their children to I'uhlic schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is a marked difference between them mid children, who have been educated in Catholic schools. 'Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality, their manners arc rough and irreverent, they have little sense of respect ami gcntloncw, they have no at traction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell n class which is already far too large in number. Our Clergy look ou the future of such wild, uncurbed childrcu with grave misgivings. " If iu nny country iu the world signs arc being held out on every side of the necessity of an especial school of self-control, reverence piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Aus tralia. If in any conutry Catholic children require a Mroug Catholic education it is here. At home Hie ancient traditions ami monu ments of piety aiul reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Cntholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in tho training up of the young in a Christian spirit ; but here, where all is new, the clergy few, I lie population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting, it is most dillicult, with the best efforts of the bast Catholic training, to rear up the children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Cbristlnnity out of the schools, nnd to confine it to a .Sunday catechism-class, under I such circumstances as these. " The only fair chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men nnd women in this colony is for them to bo most carefully and conscicntionsly taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years; and then for them to be scut to thorough Catholic schools, where the home teaching is continued, and the mind and heart and conscience nnd senses of tho children arc impregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. 44 It may be interjected that some Cutbolics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are goiug to them. We reply, because a certain number or Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, and teach them what is right. Wo declaim ngnint and condemn intemper ance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we arc inclined to fear the Catholics arc begin ning to feel less aud lo-s horror at drunken ness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices of corrupt views of bad, or iudiffcrcnt, or iguorant Catholics, but by tho successor of .St. Peter nnd the Bishops of the Church who arc in communion with htm. So long as Catholics obey, in faith nnd morals, tho voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge iuto darkness, nnd finally, to make shipwreck of tho fuith. 44 What, then, aro our practical recom mendations ? I.— Firel, let nil parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God with regard to the Cutholie cducntion of their children. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; and, until they are 111 for school, exercise them in Cntholic practices, ami fill them with thoughts, aud foster within them Catholic instiucts, aud, by exnmplo as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, am! reverence. Let all parents look upon care lessness or neglect in these duties ns matter forconfcssiou, aud as can-re, for grave spiritual alarm. 44 1L— Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit ago exclusively to to Catholic schools. Lei them regard nil other schools as no places for their children who have to leant, beforo everything else to sare their souls ; and who should bo sedu lously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers aud companions, nnd by an ex clusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually he thrown, 44 III. — Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cnunot, without serious guilt place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind to do so is it to set at defianco the tcachiugs of the Catholic Church ; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be re mote, of which things the Church is the judge, no Confessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the biightiug influence of au alien creed or a secularist system. 44 IV.— Fourthly, lot those who arc so un happy nstobc tcuding their children at the present moment to Public schools, withdraw them ns soon ns possible. Let them examine their children's religious instiucts aud moral condition; and if, as is to be oxpcctcd, they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawlessness apparent, than let them with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the timo and to remedy tho evil. Let them especially prepare such childrcu for thu Sacraments, tcacli them to hear mass do- voutly, to say their morning nnd night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model/ to pray to our Blessed Lndj, to love the lioly See, aud to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who arc placed over them. 44 V.— Fifthly, let the clergy tnakc such in structions ns these the frequent subject of their sermons aud their private exhortations ; nnd let tbciu uot wcarv till godless mul non- Catholic schools have been cleared of Catho lic childrcu, aud uutil nil the Catholic children iu the district ate rccciviug a sound Catholic education. . "VI. — Sixthly, let bishops, priests, aud people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render tlieir present schools as ellioicnt in every way ns possible ; so ns to be equal iu secular instruction to nou- Catholic schools, while they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, tho con science, aud the senses. 44 VII. — Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they lmvc, let Catholics unite as ono man, and insist, by means of Icgitiinnteyct persevering ami earnest pres sure iu the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow tax-payers. 44 What is the present position of affairs ? .Catholics nro paying for tuc support of schools which they can neither approve of, nor make use of, whilst no analogous provision has been mndo for them. ,4\Vc may lie met with the cry of the "re ligious ditUculty.' Wo admit the religious difficulty : but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraor dinary unfairness to a large section of the community. 44 The 4 religious difficulty' exists in Ireland, nnd stilt mora in England. But whilst the Cat holies of Ireland me receiving alargerslaira of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony arc receiving a less mul less share of justice. Whilst tho small Catholic mino rity in Etiglmul is rejoicing, with regard to education, iu even-handed justice, we, bore, nro retrograding, and me aggravating that onc- sidcdncss and unfairness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberally has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of cvenhand- cdness ? Why should not we walk into the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve the religious difficulty by the British panacea of fair play? And how can this principle of fair piny Ikj applied ? Tho answer is simple, Introduce payment by results in place or the present unjust mid galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each suction of tho community receives equal assistance with tho other, according to ascertained results (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Tlnn the common funds arc mmlo use of for what all admit to be common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would lie deprived of a monopoly ; hut, then, n wide-spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happi ness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Cntholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which tlicy condemn :'nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair-play and no favoring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. — Is not tins a l»ro:ul, tin intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally lake his stand ? If there be a wide-Kprcad sense of justice in the land, as we firmly be lieve there is — Is there not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? 44 We recommend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England aud Wales, with the New Code of Itcgulations ; aud Sir John O'Shan- assy's Bill to further amend the Law relating to Education. 44 In matters of vital importance and com mon justice half measures generally turn out iniscrablo nnd cowardly failures. Jf it be worth while for the Catholic body to assert Its rights at all, it is worth while for it to assert iu full nnd entire rights. Let us all realise this fact ; and then we shall not be content till our prcscut humiliating position is exchanged for ono of fairness nnd equality. It is a great cause which we have iu baud, nothing less than keeping alive, iu its Intcrgrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jems Christ, aud thus far sccuriug tho snlrntinu of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsi bilities; let (hem briog legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ; and never cease in their persevering, their organised im portunity, uutil they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them with out self-evident injustice. 44 Dearly Beloved,—' Watch ye, stand fast iu the. faith. do manfully, and bo strength ened.' ' Keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of i>cace ; one body, one Spirit, ns you arc called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; One God nnd Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us nll.'t 44 May the God of Pcaco Ilimsolf sanctify you in nil things; tlmt your whole spirit, and soul, nnd body, may be preserved blame- less in the coming of oar Lord Jesus Christ/ 44 Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June. 1870, nnd ordered to bo rand in all churches and chapels on Sunday. ltoGRii Bedb, Archbishop of Sydney. Matthew, Bishop of Batlrarst. James, Bishop of Mnitland. W illiam, Bishop of Goulburn. 44 Appendix. " Decrees on cducntion adopted by tho Arch bishop and Bishops assembled in Pro vincial Council, at Melbourne, in April, 1809. 14 1. Since the Church cannot rightly dis charge that most solemn duty entrusted to her by Christ our Lord, namely of instruc ting the faithful in sound doctrine, and pre serving them from dangerous nnd poisonous pastures, unless she enjoys the fullest liberty nnd power of imbuing them with tho principles of Catholic fnith, and of training them to good morals, we cannot approve of nny system of education which either iufiicts an injury on that power of tho Church or in any way whatsoever impedes its exercise. 44 2. Hence we condemn that education of Catholic youth which is separated from, Catholic fnith, and from the power of the Church, nnd therefore we shall take care to remove Catholic children from these schools, since in them, according to the civil' law, the Church can exercise no authority, nor have any power in regulating the studies, selecting the books, or in the choice of the teachers. 44 3. We admonish all the clergy nnd the faithful committed to our care, tlmt they arc bound to use exertion to erect, where pos sible, Catholic schools in which the authority of the Church will be fully recognised, nnd that method of instruction observed which has for its object tho eternal welfare of souls nnd where the true teaching of religion is wisely .combined with knowledge and pro gress iu literature, 44 1. For tho erecting aud conducting of these schools, we shall assert our right to our just proportion of tho public revenues which are yjarly set apart for the education of the people, so that the claims of all may bo respected, no prejudice being offered either to the faith of Catholics, or to the conscience uf non-Catholics; nnd we shall make every effort to provide Catholic oduca in every riUtrict for our Catholic youth. 14 5. lint for all thnt which lias been as serted of the authority of the Church iu this matter of education, by no means prevents the different Governments from inspecting our schools, through their officials, and of making themselves acquainted with the fit ness and qualifications of the teacher. 44 (5. Siuco tho education of youth greatly depends on the choico of teachers, it is right that they should bo not only adorned with purity nnd zeal for the Catholic faith, and imbued with good morals, but they ought also to be very well iustructcd in nil that they arc bound to tench iu the Schools. Tho teachers possessing these qualities may be had, it is quite necessary that training schools bo erected, hi which they shnll be proiieriy trained in tho principles of the Catholic faith, and diligently ncqniro a knowledge of human science necessary for the fulfilment of this office. But wo affirm that it is only just tlmt assistance should bo granted from tho public Treasury for the building and thu couductiug of these Schools. 44 7. Bat that tho clergy may have before their eyes sound principles of education, iu which the faithful are to be continually iu structcd, the fathers desire to insert here there propositions condemned by the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius IX., happily reigning, which nro of tho greatest importance :— 44 4 15. Tho entire government of public schools in which tho youth of nuy Christian state is educated except (to a certain extent in the ease of episcopal seminaries, may aiul ought to appertain to tho civil power, and belong to it so far that neither authority whatever shall be recognised as having any right to interfere in the discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees in tho choice or ap proval of tho teachers. 41 ' 47. The best theory of civil society re quires that (wpular schools, open to tho children of every class of tho people, aud generally, all public institutes intended for instruction in letters and philosophical sciences, and for carrying on the education of youth, should be freed from all eccle siastical authority, control, nnd interference, aud should lie fully subjected to the civil ami political pb'wor, at the pleasure of the rulers, and according to tho stnudard of the prevalent opinions of the age. "MS. Catholics may approve of a system of cdiiontingyoutli unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, aud only, or at least primarily, the ends of earthly social life.' " 