The jovial company who. held a sort of session of Parliament cm Fri day, and proceeded en masse to the hills for the purpose of inaugurating the pala tial structure on Marble Hill, as the future .summer residence of the Governor, see mod ;o have thoroughly enjoyed them selves. It was not perhaps because the lay was perfect for an outing, that the rn'm-tainineiit was a irratis one. or that the host was a gentleman so Ihuruughly master of his duties as the Hon. G. C. Hawker is ; hut it must have been on account of the heavenly frame of mind they habitually cherish, or at all events determinedly put on for the occasion. It was perhaps a happy thought that as the hatchet was to be buried for good and all, the emblem of discord should be carted away to a hitherto unknown region, on the summit of the Mount Lofty ranges, and by a road which has taken a power of money to make passable, and is still by all accounts s, most dangerous one to traverse. Many an uncomfortable quarter pf an hour will Sir William have y,'ith the viceregal coachman on the subject of this dreadful road ; and many a painful pil grimage will " Society" have to make in waiting upon its head in this lovely but quite too awfully inaccessible region. B,ut the hatchet-burying seems to have been effectually accomplished at all events. Morgan and Mann, and Avers and Bray, vitiii wiui cacii uiiua in uib ceieurauoil. Playford, Townsend, and Hawker, and the Press (metropolitan of course, no others need apply) ail were impressed with the beauty of the site, the excellence of the building, the grandeur of the prospect, and t — the hospitality of the Commissioner of Public Works ; and so edifying was the spectacle of the universal accord thus established, that a visitor from Queens land almost shed tears at what he saw of (.he " happy relations of political parties to each other," and expressed his intention of returning to Brisbane, and straightway calling the attention of his fellow colonists to the smallest of our funded debt, and the bigness of the future before us. Amongst the " admirable fooling" in dulged in by the Speakers, one source of satisfaction was apparent — that the Gov ernor was nailed at last — that the ques won \> ijttre n« uc luiuiu m suuim tr time was for ever set at rest. Govern ment Cottage, Port Elliot, Kobe, or Mount Lofty, need no longer distract the mind of the anxious speculator as to His Excellency's whereabouts. He would be found here, on Marble Hill (so called on the 1 ucus a non lucendo principle). Here where the j-ocks had been level. ed, the roads made, the stone, the very sand, carted all the way froiq Adelaide, and a lofty tower raised for the sake of a better pros pect of the surrounding box an4 pepper mint trees. What more car: a Governor want ? Said Sir Henry Ayers, we must make things so complete that good Gov ernors, first-class ones in short, would con- decend to accept the appointment to South Australia. More of the sort we had already had, yes, raising tis voice above opposition — lor opposition there was even in that serene atmosphere — we had never a Governor with a Black Wednes day as other men had. The Governor is the leader of society her:, and it is proper that he should have a healthy placa to lead them to. Tle-re is a deal of bad Society in -Adelaide, if lata accounts are true, and if the Governor can now and then lead them into ll e p' r air of AL unt Lofty, it may do tlimn good. But after < i lie uincneon, uii-t me excitement, alter | the terrors oi the long descent, and once ; more roiling safely along the loafv lanes of . Burnside and Magil!, our legislators, ofli- | cials and press might give a little sober : reflection to the question, Is it a good luir- i gain ? I W e are no advocates of a parsimonious application of the puMie funds in the case of a public work of well-ascertained necessity. But in view of the pressing wants of the colony we doubt whether so lavish an outlay on a summer residence is justifiable. It i.s ali very well to have a condecending Governor, who will lead Society worthily, but it is more than questionable whether we can afford five- and-twentv thousands nounds to nild the 4 O bait just now. If ITis Excellency can lead us into anything good we are willing to let them try, but there i.s less chance of it now, he is so comfortably fixed in Ad '- laide both for summer and winter. If the Governor would have trusted himself to. us in the North for the snnrnei months we could have found him heights on the Flinders Range, quite as salubrious and with a prospect quite as lovely as that at Marble Hill. We would have built him a " lordly pleasure house" for less than five and twenty thousand pounds ; and we would have shown him plenty of uu bridged creeks, plenty of dangerous un- bridged rivers, like the deep Willochra, and the rushing Rocky, where the money might have been better spent. AVe don't want to go all back to Governor G-iwIer's days, like Charles Simeon Hare, in search of a good Governor; we have an admira ble administrator of the office at this mormut, whom we have no wish to ill use or to pet, but we beg to assure the gay company who assembled at Marble llill on Friday, and managed to get safely down again, that there is more than opinion in nie country on tue expenditure that afforded them such unmixed gratification. The Year of Grace one thousand eight hun dred and seventy-nine has nearly run its appointed cycle and tn-m<»rroiv will usher in the anniversary of the most memorable and important event this world's history discloses —an event esteemed by Christendom as the grandest and brightestand sublimestevidence of the sympath.C and love of the Great Inex pressible. A season of rejoicing ; a gladsome merry time. Old King Christinas, with Lis attendant joys, his round of merry-makings, wrapped in a cloak of rich and holy associa tions, will pay his periodical visit. Who can think of the advent of the merry monarch" without heing carried back in 1 1 memory's flight" eighteen centuries ago and viewing a pirture rich with the purple haz>- of antiquity, ennobled with the confiscation of Divine touches from which flashes out in even bril liant hues the greatness of that love that gave to this world the promised Regenerator. We can but view with the complacency of delight that scene on Bethlehem's plains, where the lonely night watchers .astounded by the dis- I tant strains of hnavmi-lmrn Roncr — flip rrrpnf ocf 0 V>-WW, noblest, and subliinest ever chanted oil sin- stained earth — sat enraptured as the angelic host attuned their harps and sang in unison the glad and glorious refrain — " Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace and good will towards men" — the natal song of the Christ- man. Such a day, surrounded with such holy associations, cannot, even after the lapse of eighteen centuries, fail to awaken in the hearts of men those pin er and nobler and better feelings which were the primal charac teristics of the great progenitors of the human race ; hence, throughout the long round of years which have passed into " the insatiable forever" Christmas-tide has been recognised of all times of the, year to be the most suitable for those happy family ronnions so necessary and so delightful to those circlt b sundered by circumstances throughout the other portions of the year. Who of us can ever forget the happy, gleesome times in the dear old land, when the reunited family circle has met around the old hearth-stone, and as the cheery tire hurned hnghtly, and the beautiful feathery anowflakes beat against the window-pane, or the cold, biting, wintry wind whistled through the keyhole or howled through the leafless trees, and the pitiless, pelting nfin played its incessant tattoo upon the roof, we have sat with delight and listened to grandpa's wonderful tales ; or when the gray-haired old patriarch recited in deep sepulchral tones Borne weird and and wild tale of horror and suffering in consonance with the wildness of the winter's night, how we have shuddered and crept nearer the parental knee, and our infantile iiqagiqatimis — ever fervid and creative — have oonjured up innu merable armies of ghosts and goblins until kindly Morpheus, with considerate hand, smoothed our straightened hair and granted ; surcease to our mental terror. Can time j obliterate the delightful periods when the ; family joined in one glad song and trilled out t in sweetest strains one of tliose soul-inspiring 1 carols, which rung qpt upon the cold crisp ! night air blended in unison with a hundred others were wafted heavenward in one great I gladsome song of praise 1 Time was when ; the hoary -headed monarch was greeted with songs of revelry and scenes of debauchery. , When wassail bowl went the round, and yule Ion burned brightly and furiously, and men 1 and maidens in a wild frenzy of joy aban doned themselves to torpsichorean devotions : around the burning pile. This ia a more i refined and decorous age, and our pleasures are tempered with propriety. We prefer the i gentler and (to he ambiguous) the more plea- snrable forms of pleasure. In this it'-w land ! of ours — this greater. Britain — old Christmas is shorn of many of those associations with : which it is enveloped in the old land. We j are antipodean, and in liop of " beautiful snow" we have the inevitable dust ; a burning I sun and intolerable hot winds are substituted | for the " cold, biting; blast." and instead of | a hoary-hhaded monarch, clad in robes of j crystalline white bedecked with hawthorn- j bloom and berries, we have a cheery noble j visitant wreathed with the gi>lden-hued pro- ! duet of Ceres. We ini.-s the former, and whilst confessing the residents in " merry old England'" have us at a great disadvantage in many particulars, we record our impression that we have much in common here that is both delightful and agreeable. Our social position laKen coneetiveiy is niiien oetter,ana we lack those painful scenes of squalor and misery so predominant in motherland. But although removed far from the scenes of our younger days, the vecuvrynee of Christmas- tide brings them back with renewed force, and fosters in our heart of hearts a great and j lasting love for the " dear old land," a love j which shall become intensified as the years j roll on, and lead us to the determination to | make this Australia of ours A fairer Athens and a freer Rome, a noble and worthy offspring of the greatest ana noblest of nations. There are " wars and rumours of war" in which Britain is involved, but let ns hope that in the ensuing year the burden of the song " Oil earth peace, and goodwill towards men" ma- be adopted by the nations and permanent peace established ; ai;d that the prophetic utter ance with regard to turning spears into prun- i big-hunks is near its fulfilment. And now. j j as the " glad time" is upon us, we trust our | I readers will acknowledge the advent of Old j i King Christmas" as a time of rejoicing, and : I that the season may be viewed in its highest : | and truest significance. We join the " mil- ! lion and one" of our fellows in the orthodox i greeting, ai d wisli our readers one ami all I A MERRY CHRISTMAS ! I _______________ At the Booyoolee hay -yard an occurrence worthy of lioHec happened 'during one of the very severe storms experienced a short time i ago. The hay -shed stands about the middle of the yard, with the chaifcutter and horseworks so placed as to form an abtuse angle. At the base or long side of the angle stood a tree that had weathered many a storm, anil no doubt afforded excellent shelter under its branches to those employed hay cutting. Tho tree, though quite sound to the core, was completely shat tered about six feet up the trunk by the strong winds or by being struck by lightning. In its fall the higher branches just reached the shed roof and the machines. Had tho breakage been three Jeet lower, the chafiTeutter and horse- I works would both have been smashed. As it | was, the escape was a narrow one, and will per haps act as a warning to others from placing I their machinery too near to trees that may in ' this country by sudden changes be shattered and blown over at any time. Our attention was directed some time ago to a beautiful crop of barley grown short distance Out of Gladstone. About eight acres were under crop. We learn now that it has yielded over 45 bushels to the acre. Barley heing good for horse- feed, would it not be well for some of — _ r i» - j uui iiuiuurb to oceabionmiy try a naney crop, which would rest the land, and enable them to j secure a return of wheat the following year I equal to that of fallowed land. A very serious accident occurred on Monday, the 15th instant, at Yairowie, to a son of Mr. P. Clarke. He fell off a horse and sustained a compound dislocation of the elbow. It was at i first believed that amputation would be neces sary, but under the care of Dr. Forsyth, of Laura, the case i3 at present progressing very favourably. Pence, electro- plated to look like florins, aie flying around Adelaide. They may be easily de tected by a glance at the reverse side. They lack the milled edge, also. The black bitshranger Campbell recently ap peared in King's Scrub, thirteen miles from Pine River (Queensland), and more than oqe hundred miles from his old haunts. He stuck up the house of a settler named Taylor and ransacked it, but carried nothing away. Oo Wednesday morning he stuck up the house of a settler named Giltner, at Mount Mee, and stole £20 in cash. The po j lice are searching King's Scrub for him. j Recent telegrams convey the impression that the situation in Afghanistan though still strious, is not so alaqning as was feared. General Sir Hugh Gough has been able to start from Giuidamuk to the relief of General Roberts ; and General Sir Henry Norman has in turn reached Gutidamuk from Jcllalabad. with j a strong force, with which he is able to keep ' open Sir Hugh Gotigh's communications. If j communications between Jellalabad and Pesha war can be kept open impending disaster at Cabul may be averted. At |the Adelaide Police Court on Saturday, Joseph Ind, beer-bottler, was charged with sell ing Simins' stout in bottles purporting to contain stout of the well-known Guinness' brand. The , article was sold at the English price. In the i course of the hearing it came out that this kind of fraud was common in the colony. Defendant was committed for trial. An accident which might have terminated more seriously happened oil Thursday night. A man named Ferguson, who was sitting on the end of one of the trucks of the ballast-, ci-air,, fell off, and the wheels of tho trucks passed over his legs, nearly crushing them. He was removed to the Burra Hospital. Mr. T. Spurgeon, the son of the celebrated English Baptist minister, returned to Melbourne on a second visit to the colonies by the Sobraon on December 18. The postal authorities in response t-.v a peti tion from residents at Crystal Brook for a new Post Offico, have commenced the erection of a weather-board structure within the railway reserve opposite Host Davey's ITostelrie. The UUUHIII \Wli UilltUUUlL'Uiy UlUL'b Lilt; »C«JUliC ments of the community that it is intended to serve, although we cannot say much for the ar chitectural beauty of the structure, and commi serate the official who will have, the pleasure of conducting the business of the department. The disgraceful disclosures at the inquest on Sarah White show how thin a veil hangs over the immorality existing in many quarters of the City. The inquiry, unsatisfactory as it \va;, sufficiently disclosed the fact that the woman took the drug which caused her death in the hope of hiding her shame. It is difficult to believe that the sister if not the confederate who procured the drug at the instance of deceased had not a guilty knowledge of the nature of their errand, and if so a lamentable failure of justice has occurred. And "again the inquest on a child at Hind marsh is anything but satisfac tory, The circumstances are to say the least of it extremely suspicious, where again and again inquiry has to he made as to the deaths of infant children of women engaged as house- j keepers tp a widower. j The Wallaroo Times says — "We areinformed that Mr. T.'Burtt. solictor, of Moonta, who has been so long and favourably known in the district has been offered(and will in all probability accept the appointment of Special Magistrate, Deputy Sheriff, Clerk of the Local Court, and Govern ment Statist at Palnierston in the Northern Ter ritory, in the place of Mr. Donaldson, who will officiate at the Edithburgh and other Local Courts at the lower end of Yorke's Peninsula." The Wilmington correspondent of the j Northern Argus is responsible for the statement j that ten acres of land in the Hundred of Wil- | lowie have produced 320 bushels of wheat, j The crops fn that hundred popularly supposed to he one of the driest in the North certainly mads a magnificent show. The same corre spondent says that one faun in l'imla is produc ing IS bushels, and that at Wilmington and Iklee Iklec the aveno- i.s much the saino. Life in this colony will become very burdon" sonic if the present system of nomenclature of new townships is persisted in Johnluirgh, 8teph.ento.vn, Snowtown are bad enough ; and now we get in last week's Gazette, Thrington and Chapmanton. Where no appropriate name can be found surely euphony might be a little studied. At the meeting of the CYntral Boaul of Health on fhp Chipf S<»iT,.tnpv r.N — „ -..w, j j turned the correspondence relative to tin: nui sance at the Dead-house Creek at Port I'irie, together with a report from foe Crown Lands I Ranger, and a minute from the Surveyor- | General to the effect that Mr. Warren, of Port i I'irie, being responsible for the nuisance, should | be called upon to remove it under the direction of the Board of Health. The Board remarked on the unfortunate delay that had taken place as the letter of complaint had been forwarded ; to the Chief Secretary oil the litli October, en- ! dorsed to the Surveyor-General on the Sth, and J acknowledged by him on the 10th, and the nui- I sauce (which was of a serious character) being j on Crown property the Board of Health could | only t'eal villi the actual inhabitants, regardless ! of the persons, whosoever they may be, who ; had caused the obstruction. It wa.s resolved that the Chief Secretary be written to, with a request that directions may be forthwith given for the removal of the nuisance, which was serious, and might be detrimental to health, and, in addition, (hat measures might he tak ni to prevent its recurrence. | The City Coroner (Mr. T.Ward, J. P. ) held an ; inquest at the Destitute Asylum on Friday | afternoon, December 19. on the body of Samuel i Boyd, who was found dead on the Anstey's Hill- j road on the previous day- Deceased was j driving to .vards town, and it is thought that the horse bolted in coming down tho hill, there being no break oil the wheels, and that he was thrown out of the cart. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Saturday last Host Dennis' Hotel was nearly destroyed by lire. The circumstances attending the origin of the lire are a little singular. It appears that in the store room, a quantity of Iueifer matches are packed against the window. The heat on Friday was intense, and it is sup posed the window glass became so hot as to ignite the thin paper wrapped around the boxes, thus setting fire to the whole. The window blind caught fire and fell on a chest of tea, burn ing it, and the amount of smoke issuing from this penetrated into some adjoining rooms, and through this the discovery was made. On the alarm being given Mr Dennis rushed to the store-room and found it fairly on fire. He called for assistance, which was readily given, and the fire was kept to the store-room until it was thoroughly extinguished. Had the smoke not attracted attention it is probable that the lire would have gained so strong a hold on the build- I ing as to render all means of saving property futile. We beg to direct attention to the large sale advertised in another column, to take place at Port I'irie, to-day (Wednesday), by Messrs. Moorhouse & Co., consisting of the stock-in- trade of Mr. Fitzpatrick. i Mr. F. Kauffmann notifies by advertisement in another column that he has personally selected a large and well-assorted stock of Fancy Goods, suitable for the present season. Some little excitement was caused on Friday morning last, owing to a spark from the engine pf the Jamestown train firing the grass ou tho line close to the township. The grass where the spark fell is unusually long, and at this sea son would find little difficulty in burning. A qumber of men from the gaol worka were at pnee told off to the scene, and in a few minutes prevealz-3'l the spread. The seventy-three mile ride by Mr. Davis, of the Hallett Hotel, which was mentioned in a recont issue, is thus referred to in tho Kapunda Herald of Dec. 16: — "Some excitement amongst admirers of a good horse and a plucky riiler, as well as amongst othors who conceived that such a feat savored of unnecessary cruelty, was caused in Kapnnda on Friday forenoon, by the news that in order to the settlement of a wager for £20 between Mr. Davis, of the Hallett Hotel, and Mr. J. Morris, the well-known importer of horses, the former was due at Kapunda that day on the same lior -e on which he left Hallett that morning at 6 o'clock, in other words, to a distance of 73 miles in seven hours- M r. Davis took every one by surprise as he put in an appearance on his big bay horse 21 minutes before the appointed time, the horse coming in a canter, though evidently somewhat fagged. The excessive heat told against it, but it had not been at all punished, the rider not even wearing a spur, and no one would have thought it had done such a journey. Mr. Davis rode at 15 st. 3 lbs. He left Hallett at 6, and reached Waterloo at 9.56, where he stayed 13 minutes: Marrabel, the next stopping place, was reached at 11.5, and after a stoppage of 10 minutes a start was made for Hamilton, which was reached at 11.45, when another 7 minutes' spell was indulged in. Mr. Player, of Hamilton, rode in with him from that place to Kapunda, which, as we have said, was reached at 12.39, so that- the time on the road was 6 hours and 9 minutes actual travelling. Mr. Davis was rather knocked up on arrival, but a good wash seemed to sot him all right. The horse was well taken care of on its arrival at Cullman's stables." A meeting was held in White's Rooms on Fri day, December 19, \vffh, a view to organize. a committee for the purpose of raising subscrip tions to relieve the distress now existing in Ire land. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M. P.,) took the chair, and there were present, amongst others, the very Rev, F. ! Bryne, Y.G., Yen Arehcleerm Russell, Rev. ! Father Prendergast, Rev. Father Peters, S.J., Rev. Father Eeshawer, and Mr. J. C. Bray, i M.P. There were over 200 persons present. I Tiie meeting was addressed by the Rev. F. | Bryne, V.G., J. C. Bray, M.P., Mr. Mont- gomerv, wh i read lengthy and strongly worded j extracts from the Irish newspapers, describing j the distress, Mr. McCarthy, Reilly, Honlahan, | Archdeacon Russell, ami Grainger. A subscrip ts -n was started, and £150 promised. An influ ential Committee was appointed to carry on the movement. It is a standing joke to recount the sufferings of young benedicts at the hands of their mothers- in-law. Sometimes the complaint lies the other way. We have rarely had to chronicle a more ' impudent attempt on the part of a son-in-law : than is disclosed in the following extract from . the Adelaide Police Court proceedings of Friday : last : — "Robert Stuckey was charged with as- | Banking Benjamin Henry Cross, at Adelaide on i December 12. Mr. C. C. Kingston for the i complainant; Mr. Ingleby, Q.C., for the defend- | ant. Prosecutor said he was standing outside i f.lir MYflifliiffP mi tliA in niiM<fi.iii wiiK \tf ; " " e " v J " M " »v. - » j Whitington when the defendant came up to him j and struck him in the face. By Mr. Ingleoy- - I Admitted writing the following letter produced j to Mr. Stuckey, dated December 2nd : — "Sir j — I unclose copy of a portion of a letter I have i received lately in reply to my application for an ' agency that would have been worth £500 a year | to me. You will observe that it is refused to me j solely because you have continued to tell lies i about me, and to vilify me. I think your con- ; duct to me is anything but what it should be. ! Yon must be aware that anything you do or say : detrimental to me rebounds with double force I upon your eldest daughter. You may profess I Christianity, and partake of the Holy Sacra- ! meut till you are black in the face, but you will I go to hell for all that. I pray that God will j damn and blast your sonl to all eternity." The j writer went on to talk of the treatment he and | his wife and chil Iren had received at the hands | of Mr. Stuckey, and wound up by saying — 1 ; " You are a liar and a thief, and whenover you | j use your influence against my getting on in the j ! world I shall write to you in the same spirit as j I now write —Curse you. Your son-in-law, B. j H. Cross." The following is the extract of the I letter referred to: — " I should have been very i glad to have given you the agency in Adelaide for my firm, but I went to M r. Robert Stuckey, : whose eldest daughter I understand yon | married, and he informs me that you are a bad i and wicked mail, and therefore not to be trusted, i He ako states that though a married man you kept a woman. I need hardly add that after this testimony against you I must decline all. business connections on behalf of mv firm." Mr. Ingleby — Now, Sir, what is tho name of the firm to which vod allude ? Withess — Need I answer that ? Mr. Beddoine — Certainly. Wit ness — Well, it was no firm. Mr. Ingleby — Who wrote that letter ? Witness— A friend of mine. Mr. Ingleby — What is his name ? — Witness — It was myself. There was some other correspond ence which was immaterial to the case. Mr. Kingston here said that he certainly could not proceed with the case after such letters had been written, and ho left the room. The com plainant then conducted his own case. "William S. Whitingtan, mining agent, said he remem- bered December 12 being under tho Exchange in company with Mr. Cross. He was talking to I him about the letter which he received from Mr I Ingleby, and he asked Cross what reply he had sent. Cross showed him the reply, and he told j i him he was a fool tor his pains. Ihey then saw i Mr. Stuckey, the defendant, and witness said to i Cross, "Come with me and shake hands with i Stuckey." He replied he would not, and said ' to witness in Stuckey 's presence " that Stuckey j was a liar and a blackguard." With that j j Stuckey came up to him and put his fist in Cross's face, but he could not say that he struck j him, as there was such a crjwd. Edward j Charles Longson, share-dealer, said lie was just j coming out of the Exchange when he saw \ Stuckey strike Cross a very hard blow in the i face. Never beard Cross say anythiug before j the blow was struck. The Bench thought an j assault had been committed, but as it was made I under great provocation, they only inflicted a j fine of la. On a oroas-informatiou Cross was j : bound over to keop the peace for six months, himself in £200, and two sureties of £100 | each. j 