THE DE CROIX COMBINATION TROUPE. The first entertainment given by this troupe at the Odd Fellows' Hall last evening was the occasion of a crowded house, and the company in their first efforts succeeded at once is establishing themselves as favorites. The company comprise, in the first place, a young lady, said to be only eight years old, styled Baby Osborne. She certainly is a clever little danseuse, her various performances last evoning, more especially her sailor's hornpipe, meeting with rounds of genuine applause. She was also happy in her other efforts, encores in each instance being demanded from her, and which she gave, despite the exertion. The lion of the party, however, is M. De Croix, who, on the slack wire, slowed wonderful balancing powers. On a loose wire, almost invisible to the audience, sus- punded across the stage, he disported himself as coolly as if on terra firma. He spun plates, tossed globes, knives, and even lighted torches suspended on the wire, concluding with donning the kilt of a Highlandman and going through a sword exercise, the performance closing amid the blaze of fireworks. Altogether his wire balancings was a treat seldom witnessed hitherto, and at its conclusion, as also throughout, he was rewarded with loud applause. Patsy Gill is also of the com- pany; he is an old favorite amongst Launcestonians, and his character songs last evening were given in his well-known style, being encored in every instance. His happiest eoffrts were perhaps " The Launceston Policeman," and " Fish out of Water." An Ethiopian comedian is also included, and although a stranger here, his performances were warmly re- ceived. Mr Hugo's song and dance " She's every inch a Queen," bringing down the house. A stump speech "What Odds," as is usual in stump speeches, created a great amount of amusement, and his Negro speciality "The Squeedunk Warrin" was also provocative of mirth. Mr Harvey concludes the list. He is a tenor singer of fair capacity,and his songs last evening were appreciated by the audience. Professor G. Lister is the imusical conductor, and plays the accom paninments in an excellent manner. Taken altogether the performance is a good one, and one which no doubt will find favor with the public of Launceston. Thie performance closed with tile farce " Darkey lteoves's Ghost," which sent the audience home in high good humor. A change of programme will be given to- night. 