THE SEOBET OE THE WHITE ; ^ CHEST. IT was.jnst .the house I wanted. In Bize and situation^ it . united me exaotly, as the s; phrase goes, literally down to the ground. Facing Hyde- park, and placed back from the' high-road, with nothing in front of u but the broad strip of garden .belonging "to the terraoe in which .it stood, 1 and tbe open stietoh of turf and trees, it was the very abode,for a London season. It's rent, too,' was extremely moderate,;, it -.was in sound: repaits;.- drainage without- a flaw; fixtures,: furniture,i.and decorations in the best taste ; thesowner only desiring to let it ocoasionally, beeauae he went.away f rom town each spring. : Why, then, did I hesitato to -take it? Why didioverybodyThesitate -to take it ?-\ For the - last seven,years.and more it had never . been let. All the house-agents at tbe West End had had it in hand one after another. Tbe ; ierme had been rednoed each season -that it came intOithe market; and still there was no findings tenant font. Everybody who went' over the house was charmed with it. •; The entrance being invthe rear, all the best roomsbada delightful southern-aspect; and goiog ' up from floor to floor on their first TiBit of inspection, everybody grew more delighted the higher they got The apartments in-' creased in oheerfalness, if° not m Bizc, ,the. oatlookfrom .the: - wiodows: -beoazne -more extensive-and airy, -whilst, .when one reached the topsstorey, andasoended by a narrow stair on to tbe loaded flat roof, with a high balus-'^ 'trade running round it, :th«) view waBi as-the ' house-agents expressed it, "quite unique" Nevertheless, everybody having reached the roof, and having looked round for a -minute or two, descended with a firm deter mination not to take the: house,: Now .wbat^ was the reason 9 It waa not haunted, so ghosts bad ever been seen, or mysteriouB noiBes beard—sucb things^rere never hinted at. There was nothing -about it in appear anoerhke!the gloomyi forbidding mansion m -SeVernsSquare,- csnoerningSwhioh so manyj queer.! stories: are -told,'.fand: which, like-the houaeaniqu^Btionjvnoxonerwill take. . No,at' waBithr'Very/rev^rse. , 'in^ll reepects, of that loag{i^md'^t^)£.dlrte&ated.;<aboderr-I had heardiithegrumoursMahout the Hyde Park houBBfiCften^iwhen' Iihad "been in London; .and m^iunoBitylhad always' been piqued, so' ttliatsnowi-When-I wanted just such a houBe forcthe season' I determined to g<5 and look at it for myself. •'' Finding allcsatisfaotory- and just as I expectedfrom^ bottom *to lop, I was stepping out oar to the roof with Mr. :Crumble, the) agent, and was saying to him— " Well,:. il.r!can'it^r -perceive., why • people won't live; here/':,when: my, eye fell upon a curious iobject erected:upon!the leads at the rearji and surrounded by,;a.high-railing. It lookediike a huge sky light.or ^laBs lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and;: three broad. But instead of forming-a light for a, staircase -or- 'iroom -.beneathi 1 it .. seemed ta hare been, built for- thp,purpose oE covering another .-curious, objectj which,: .occupying' nearly the,- whole iOt the-jspace.,jiiider the glass,.was plainlyf?fieible tbiough -it..;' Tbis was a long white box, resembling a seaman-«s-.chest~.'more ,,than- -anything; -only muchlarger.-Jj.I't-rested upon-the four legs: or. feet,: which raiaed.it about a foot- from the flat surface of the roof It was painted a creamy white and varnished, and, apparently notheing mtended.to open, any. more than.-lte.glflss covering; had no hinges or lock to its top or lid. ' . "What the .deuce is that?" said I ,to Mr. Crumble " Ah' replied that functionary, with an. odd expressioa-snAis-face/.'?.that'B it, Eir-l" ivi^Wh»t'sit pray.?" r j ."Why the secret, sir " 1 -"The secret'' How is it a secret f Whaij, do yon mean?" " " Well, MI, what It is, what it's meant for, what's inside of it ?" -.1 V frpn't you know !"' "AV&r.; f s ' ( )Boe§n?t anyone know f" :.„-^SJ.auppo5e^omehoay-does,-but we.dto't^ :w.e :are1fofbi53ea,:-to inquire, or-to,.attompt to' find out, If iremeif we Bhauia be able to , " BKwIong &e; it been there F"" ~ J'„A.<long while, I believe, sir—ten or iweire yeais^'B^&re; toy tune " ."?Vell, Mr. Gayling,; we suppose ; nobody seems to know exactly when it first appoared there " "But the servants," I protested, "they must know" " Oh! I hare heard there were none in -the house at the time; they were all dismissed Jast beforeit wag put up. Mr. Gayling never keeps many servants; sometimes he has - only one, sometimes none .- Nobody lives in the house when'he's away, but he always leavCB the keys with us. ' He is always changing his servants, Mr. -Gayling is; I have often ke&rd;'him"Baythat he likes new brooms." -•".' , "VEhat IB he, or what was he?" \- " A gentleman m the naval line, I believe, sir.; they are rather rum 'ahs, I'm told " " Humph 1" I eaid, " very odd. But do you mean-to tell me that nobody will live; herjB because they don't know whaVe in that . box?" ? But there's a clause in the agreement about it; ,that:s what does -it, sir." "Explain," I said. ' - . "Well, Isir, here is tthe'clause, and he: produced- the document; "perhaps you •would like'to read it yourself?" : Thus it ran—. : . ' . " • : , "And in taking the house at the rental, - and for the term .specified as above,. I hereby -, solemnly pledge my- oath ..never, .directly, or: indirectly, through my own' agency, or that of others,- to attempt to meddle with-or disturb the white chest under;the ;gla,ss case on tbe roof, or to seek m, any way, to discover for what-purpose :it has been placed there, or what it contains; .and.I further, guarantee that no person m , my employ, or anyone entering the • house during my tenan^. thereof Bhall make any such attempt, and I hereby undertake that in,.the 1 event of their being detected in doing so, or of. my doing so, to forfeit the sumof; one -thousand pounds, and-- in accordance with;. this agreement have, m proper -legal form, lodged the said sum with the. bankers of Thos-: Gayling, Esq., the lessee, as a guarantee of my good faith:" : f But:for that clause," went on the agent, .as I finished reading it with some surprise, " ,we should have no difficulty in letting the house."... ,. „ . „ . T , , owner ^ut-of his mind?" I asked, in aminnte. " Not that I am aware of, sir; he is a very pleasant, . affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling ,is, only,, as I .say, ..a little rum on some points;,.nothing will induce him to strike out tnat clause, for mstanee- Lor' bless you, sir;. parties never entertain it for a moment when they,come to that part of the business; lh9y drop it like ahot potato" ' "Humph !" said I, again, ."it's queer, certainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce; it doesn't matter a rap to me what's inside the chest; I should never want to meddle with : or disturb it, and I'd take very good.care no one elsedld; I would padlock the traprdoor : on the roof, and ibat would settle: that; A b I continued, after walkingiound thestruotureand lookingabout me a bit—" ah I I see : precautions-have been taken to prevent any aooess to this •roof from the ethers on either side, by this" iron ohevanx-de-fris; yes, no one can get owr this. Well, it's an odd freak, but I am not sure that I am going to be baulked by it; .I'llthink about it, Mr. Crumble-" -• ,, . And the result of my thinking was, that I signed the agreement two days after.' wards, having conformed to the peculiar stipulation regardmg. the deposit. : I had no fear of losing the thousand pounds, the interest on .it .was a.mere addition to the rent, and the house was so exactly what I wanted, that it would .even then be cheap to me, with my large family of motherlesB children. : Nevertheless, • I do not deny, : that after all . was v, signed, sealed, and settled,: I was conscious of a lurking curioEity and . suspicion regarding • that mysterious creclion. What could 'it be ?- : What could, .it contain f I' was : constantly saying to myself.- What strange freak could possess the man to. take such strong ;-.measureB to guard-, against any penetration into the Becret—measures, bythe-bye, which- in -themselves were -rather calculated to provoke: investigation, to draw attention to the rery -thing that he wwhed one to overlook? 'Was Mr. Gayling a miser, hoarding up -some' iinknown trea-'' eurea: m this Btranee.fashion? -Probably that : was it. Well, if it was, it was no -business of mine after J all. -•!My Parliamentary duties would be too nrgent, I-hoped, to let me dwell upon much else, go ;I-would dismiss it, andBO beyond putting the padlock-on the trap-door of the roof as threatened, I-.took no measures to: prevent -any ot-my- household- indulging in- speeulationa. I at least would not direct attention to-the matter, as Mr, Gayling did, and contented myr family and domestics by saying that I uidn't consider it safe for people to go onto the roof. --* ' •..- Now,-in spite of my resolution, I found' myself perpetttally reournng to the strange chest. For the mke of qoiet and air; I had appropriated the two large back and front rooms at the top of.-.the house for my bedroom and study; and thus slept every night just beneath tbe white chest- Before I had boen in the house a month, it began to act SB a nightmare on me, an lnoabus I could not shake off. I was : oppresses and depressed byit. in a way quite unaccountable,. - I was puzzled at myself. - I could not . have- believed four weeks before ihat I should ever have become so affected by such contemptible restlessness, disquiet,-: and distrust. • These feelings at lastjreaohed : such a pitoh that|I: finallychanged my bedroom; T would not sleepanylonger directlyunderneath this aocursed,' mysteriouB fabric . - Another month passed,"during which; more than once, I was tempted to go secretly- on to the roof and :look -at the thmg • again; .-there .was :nor.harm; in*that, r that' Was. not: forbidden mthebond,-widl'needhardlyiay; I saw nothing to -provoke- any. new comments \- -"About a week &ter.;:.my; last' visit'-to' the TOO/, a lengthy debate kept - me late at the House of Commons,: and walking home for . the sake of fresh air, I found the midsummer- • dawn breaking, as I , struck .into Park-lane: Beaching Oxford-street' I- vras startled byobserving m the western sky a'strong h'ght, not due to reflected sunrise..- -Atthe moment I eaw it, .a -fire-engme- passed.-me at -full., speed, .and -preBently- the ..first' signs of the commotion which a -conflagration-icauseBi'in the streets because evident. No man- undergoes this experience, when he has - been away many houraj-:»Tid. s6es ; -the red glare rising in thei direction of 'his: Own house, •without a pang of anxiety, if not :o£'.terror ; How .well-foundedvwa6 tliis:8eDeation:m the presenti-case.^was.'jmade. -evident-ere^-P-had walked'-- another,-,i200--yatds';.- yes; ".merciful, .powers J.-it..was:-myjhouse 'that -was tom-fire'-li I can soarcely record what followed; I only' 4nows4hat-'.somebow. I'tound myself in the' midst 'of the polioe and firemen; That 1 explamedJtO'theiEnpermtendent.whO'Iwas, sand thatzunder his escortiI»b6ii""B8oertainedthat alltbemmatesflf my^houseimychildrenf their governess, and ihe aervants, were 1 in safety, andbadbeeniaken into a^neighbour's at IknHtj tbat,cas'soon.as I found' this"to' be the case, I, accompanied still,, by the superintendent, j.piounted : to ^the top of an adjacent leBidenoe,'whence tiiefiremenwere direotogtlre bo^ppon fta flumep. „ Once. on this vantage point, my mind reverted to the whit* chest.. Was .it still •there ? Yes; the flames, thongh bursting oat from all the windows of the upper stories, backand froni. had not y*t done more than wrench and cratk portions of: the glass case. Eor a.time it .seemed as il:this would be the:most that might happen.. The water seemed to be getting the upper hand, andaa it fell in torrents on the hot roof, euch [clouds of steam ware thrown up with the Btaoke as would have completely • hidden everything from view, but that our position had been skilfully selected, and was. well to windward of the burning mass. But presently, amid the roar of the flames, there came ft dull, heavy rumble for a moment, and then with a tremendous crash, the roof fell in. With it of course went the fragments, and framework of the glasBroase, and - the; now charred and blackened chest itself/: I had my eyeB upon it at:the moment, and: down it went .deep into the ntter-^smj «ucceeda.:to this climax or. a con- .flagrabon.v -For ; several minutes ' nothing was to be discerned. through" - the overwhelming wreaths of black-grey fumes. But presently, :though the light from the fire lad been clenched, there began-'to' be visible, by the aid of the increasmg light of the mormng, the depths of this pit of Acheron. -Yetit wasnotso very deep after all, for the fire having orignated on the second floor,' the falling toof had only crashed down as yet as far as the drowmgroom, and there, when my eyes had become accustomed to the - spectacle of the indescribable dibns, I plainly beheld, resting slantways across a- stubborn remnant of wall, what lad been the White Chest; it was. now split and smashed, and. its contents were revealed. "Good heavens! -"What.-was it-that I looked down upon? I turned away my face for a. moment with a -shudder, for there, • protruding through the splintered fragments of its once creamy-white wooden - case, was a huge leaden coffin, which, in its turn melting and bursting with- the heat, displayed mthm the unmistakable form of a shrouded corpse! I was m the act of drawing my companion's attention to it in horror, when suddenly there flew up around it with redoubled fury, such a mass of flame and smoke, that it was entirely hidden, and soon the fire had so spread and burst out again, that the horrible epectacle of this unintentional incremation was shut from sigut, and the house was finally burned to the ground ! I pats over what immediately followed that I had made my-way baok to the friendly abode, where .the members of my family were sheltered. In a few days they were snugly settled again in another, home, fortunately not very mu«h the worse for theterrible soare. In doe course tbe time arrived for looking into my loisei, and while l was doing so I received a letter from Mr. Gayling, who had come to town requesting, an interview. I was glad of this, tor I foresaw it must lead to some explanation of: the strange circumstances Burroundmg the agreement I had signed. My curiosity as to the coutenta of the white cheBt had been rudely satisfied, it was true, but what had been the reason for placing suoh an object in such :a place? and this I was determined to find out. Unexpectedly Mr. Gsylmg disclosed it to me immediately we met. "I have asked for this interview, sir," -he said, abruptly, "because I am a rvuned man." : "But," I mterposed,J'I am told you were fully insured.'" - " That has nothing to do with it," he answered; "no insurance can restore the three thousand a year which I lose by what has happened. I am simply going to.tell youcertain facts; because, when you have heard, them, I shall put it: to you whether yon will not, out of your ample means, feel that some compensation is due tome. The fact is, that - it has been: during your tenancy of my house; and through, accident, or negligence on the part of some one for whom yoi^ are reeponsible, that my ram has been brought about." . "I don't understand you." " Listeni sir," he went on, "andyou will* I ,was brought up to the sea and tfollowed it tall mid-life, for I was entirely dependent on my own earnings. My-only . relative at this tune.: was an old uncl«, also a-sailor, and a most eccentric man, as you will presently see. Fifteen years ago he suddenly came into a large sum 1 of -money —I never knew -how—but he retired and took that house. He had only been in it three years when a mortal sickness overtook him. He Bent for me. Tom,' said he, *I am dying, and I don't like it. I am terrified, not so much at the thought of death as at the thought of burial. A sailor's grave I would not mind, but to be. boxed -up and thrust into the earth.; 110, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to see that it doesn't happen; and I have taken measures to make sure that you do see it doesn't happen. I've made my will, Tom; I've left.you all I possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you are my heir so long as I am well above ground, .and no longer—mark the words, " well above ground." - Directly I am buried, ormy remains are allowed to mingle with mother earth, as she is called—she Wd,s no-mother to me, the sea was my mother, fori was born at sea—all my money, mind, goes straight to the Seamen'e Hospital, every penny of it.' " ' But what am I to do f' I asked of my uncle; 'how Bhall I be able to carry out such-a strange- condition? -..Have you so expressed it in your will P' Yes, indeed I have,' he answered, 'and legal and binding you'll find it, as expressed in the words, "so long«s I am wall above ground." ' "•But what am I to do with you?' I r 0h> run me up aloft, masthead me, anything you like, but don't bury me-' v " Well," went on Mr. Gayhng, "to make a long story short, -I- found. ttS,t the conditions of the old magi's will were binding, and his. executors and myself hit upoii jbe plan-of hoisting the coffin on to the roof of lua house. Hnder . certain • conditions we found that it; was possible for us legally to . do . this. So I dismissed my three servants,' employed a country undertaker, my old ship's carpenter, and a foreign glazier; in order.that the matter should hob be -talked of. m the neighbourhood, and personally saw -.the - arrangements : carried out You can now understand my reasons for not-having it meddled " With :'yes, sir, and you can:now understand that the con^ difnons of tbe will must take-effect 'No sign of.the coffin,or the body evenwaa to ba discovered 111 the ruins of that house I hav« had a rigid search' made, io no purpose; the old .gentleman's remains have been consumed, have mmgled with motherearth, and th6 money passes as a matter of course to the Seamen's: Hospital. " I have not a penny in the world. What can yon do for me ?" • It ia..not.necessary-,-for me to say-what I did for Mr Gayling, but finding by a visit to Doctor's , Commons, and- by other evidence, that his story was substantially correct, I felt his case was a hard one. certainly a strange one, and I acted, I hogo, not if tmcl« Km. 