AMUSEMENTS. ..... . THEATRE KOVAT,. Sbal;ci|)carc'H "liiclmril tliu .Tliird " .was pro duced at Hie Theatre ltoyat on .Saturday oiplit in -the presence of n lare nudiciice. The voiaion of the trnecdv presented was that of CoRuv l.'ihber, inli'odiieiii.ix all tbo peculiarities of arranjo nicnt and effective but, strictly spcahiu<r, illejritinialo dramatic points and incidents which tho eighteenth century dramatist aud ppcl-lauroiitc has allied with 'his master's work, and .the hero pour- trayed was that ot William Shakespeare, and the traditions upon which Homoe Walpolo so siic'eessfully endeavoured to throw discredit. Mr. Groswick played Richard : and lie evidently lias worked out the lundinff lilies in Hie picture lie presents under" the main influence of that old school of aclitiR of which ' he is so noble an exponent. His Richard -is the grim, smiling hypocrite: the sardonically satiric cvnie: the insulting guller of his friends and foes alike, nml the despicable Mcpbislophehau villain, rather of the actors anil the stage than (lie records of authentic history.. In lliis tragedy tho dramatist, then comparatively a young man, followed up the idea or plan of his immediate forerunner among the lenders of dramatic literature, the author of Hie Jew of Malta, and of "Faustus.' Kit Marlowe, and endeavoured to present vividly, by means of a single character, in whoso interest lie all tail saenlied t lie remainder ot the plnv. the terrific workings of 011c single gross and pre-eminently denominnnt passion — that of ambition. And this purpose Mr. ( rcswiek makes evident at even' step, but Mr. Lreswick is not content with merely developing tins trait in tho character, for nil those dealings Willi the other persons in the plnv ni which Gloster s most base and sordid motives are placed before us— the scenes with' Henry VI.. with Anne, with F.lisaboth, nnd his own mother, with Jiuekniglinm, with the young I'miccss. and with Hustings — receive that minute-, iicss of attention- and result in thai excellence of cltect winch only n scholar aud an actor of .Mr. Drcswiek s experience can allord. Mr. Greswlck s trained and admirable expository power is seen to great advantage in tlm telling dramatic situa tions of this tragedy, and bo contrasted most splendidly (lie repose anil coolness ot tlie. earlier scenes with tiic turbulent impetuosity niul storiny violoncc of the latter. Wc must particularly indi cate. as among his most superior pieces of line noting, (lie scene 111 the lent, where, after the appear ance of the ghosts. -.Nothing could be more com pletely successful in depicting the eoiiRciencc-eow- arilcd' monarch. than tho hurried expression of his words ; tho, wild staggering of his fear-sl reckon frame, ami the quivering-horror of his features. llien again wo must also ' mnkc nn'nllusioii to the capitally rendered violence arid desperation of the energy of the drcam-hanntcd king upon the fatal field of Bosworth: Miss Asliton played the Lady Anno .with her accustomed quietness and expres siveness of manner — that manner in which, how ever, there is never the leasttrace of exaggeration to lesson the symmetry and roundness other per formances. Willi the exception ot Mr. C. boagrave, who was again unacquainted with lus. text, all. the actors and actresses . engaged 111 llie production w ere well suited with their various parts, and played them — with" . proportionate eill- tuncy. .:. Mr. Scagrave, .who n. specially to ho commended for the coiieintratcd intensity of his emotional display as the unfortiiiiato Hciiry. "V I., Mr. Douglas, Mr. 0. Brown, and Mr. Dconvyn, all merit, particular praise.- A little child, whose name is not given, . was a very (me little I'nnce.- of fork; .Miss Alice Dconvyn an interesting Prince- of Wales ; the Misses- Melville and Mainwarmg played respectively and respectably tho parts of Edwards Queen, Ulijiabcth, and Richard s mother, tho Dueliess of York. The tragedy, was very care fully and effectively placed upon the . stage, aud the performance, but for one or two inevitable lirst-night blemishes, was very successful. ;:To- night .Shnkcspenre's "Merchant of Venice " is to be produced; ' ' 