ilELBOUUNE. (FHOJI OUll OWN' COIillli.Sl'ONlJENT.) Tuesday. Hl&t; A deputation, consisting "of ;i number'" f managers ot lit-i insurance societies waited uti the hou. the Chief Secretary to-dav—Sir Rrv"" O'Loghleu also being present—with refereuee'to the proposed tax upon life insurance premiums It was pointed out by Mr. Templetou, Mr' Salter, Mr. Martin, and other members of *tl ' deputation, that the premiums on life policies stood va a very different position from tho-e oil fire policies, as while the latter were renewable year by year on any terms that might be agreed upon at each time of renewal, tile former °,vere fixed for the whole period of life, once agreed upon. Besides this, the practice oi life iSUr. ance was, like placing money in the saviu,., bank, 0110 of those habits of thrift which it was contended ought not to be sub jected to taxation. So far as could [,j ascertained this was the first instance in which such a proposal had been made in any country while ill Ureal, Britain the only tax in cuii! nection with life insurance was by way of stamp upon the policy of onlyls.percent.fi the amount insured; -Moreover, tile tsx won! be retrospective in its action, since the centra t* already entered into with insurers could not no be disturbed. This was a very serious cn^ sidcractou for the company, inasmuch as tr, number of insurers in Victoria was abo'f 25,000, whose aggregate policies amoiiuted !*' something like seven mil'ious sterling. It ahoul t also be Considered that it was the comparative poor, and not the wealthy classes who usballr insured, and that as it was there w. a probate duty 011 the policy of m cent, when it became payaule. Jj" further urged as a reason against tf$ imposition of the proposed tax, that the ohje'°t of the insurer was a purely unselfish one as h insured {or the benefit of his widow children, -while depositors in Savings' Hanks 0 building societies were usually actuated by iuore seltish motives. Mr. Berry, in reply, sDjd t|uj. with regard to taxing thrifty habits that was what uufortunately all Governnients had to do because unless they did so there would be no' thing else to tax. The unthrifty jtaid „ ' their drink and their tobacco, and other tliiui's which they consumed without benefit to tliem selves, but for other sources of revenue Govern meutsmustiieoessarily turn to the thrifty clasps Of course it wo'il'd be a very good thin" if every body could be exempted from taxation, but in that case Government could not be carried on. In conclusion, he s?.id that all that the deputation had brought before him should receive everv consideration and be laid before his colleagues Beyond this he v.-a-i unable to make any promise' He hoped, however, to be able to make a sta'e meut in the House on the subject, if not tliV evening at all events very shortly. Mr. Teinnle. ton suggested that in the event of the Govern ment still deciding to impose the tax, it should be mailo to fall only upon premiums 011 new policies, so as not to afl'ect existing contracts Mr. Berry promised also to consider that suggestion. A simple aud effective mode of signalling in mine3 has recently been br&ught; under the notice of the Government by Mr. Matthew Barker, of Sandhurst. That gentleman in his letter on the subject to tile Secretary of .Mines states that tho system in question is in success ful operation at the Unity Company's mine Garden Gully, and that by the use of the tele phone aud a simple contrivance with the ordi. nary knocker line, instant communication cnll be made to or from any depth, while tile cuit of the apparatus is merely nominal. On receipt of Mr. Barker's letter, Mr. \V. H, Grainger, in. spector of mines at Sandhurst, was instructed to visit the Unity Company's claim for the pur pose of reporting ou the subject. Having complied with the request, Mr. Grainger supplied the Mining Department with a full description of the invention, with which he says he is much pleased aud sitistied thinking that it may be so improved as to be made applicable to all mines. He adds that the cost as given by Mr. Barker is £0 10s. tur telephone and wire for 1,000 feet for 0110 "plat," and for every additional "plat" m the 1,000 feet 10s. 0d., while the expense oi adjusting the signal lines to each "plat" is 7a. Sydney lias been drawing upon us rather heavily latety for her supplies of reporting talent. The Hansard which i3 about being established there will have 011 its staff at le.vt three Melbourne men, whilst one or two ethers have lately gone over ou engagement to the daily papers. Tho Chief Justice this morning dismissed tho application made in the case of the Daily felt graph v. Berry', for libel, to have the demurrer argued before the case is heard. I hear that the action is get down No. 35 in the list of cases, the hearing of which will commence in about a week from the present time. .Mr. Purves and Mr. Williams appear for the plain tiff, aud Messrs. C. A. Smyth and Billing, Q.C., for the defendant. Lord Salisbury's most remarkable spccch at Manchester gives great reason to hope that the crowning triumph of the Beacons/ield policy has been attained, and the ghost of Russian aggression in the East finally laid. The Foreign Secretary's reference to the " rumored" alliance between Germany and Austria was too significant to admit of any other interpretation than that such an alliance was virtually a matter of fact, and Ilia expression that it would be "hailed with joy hy all lovers of tho blessings of peace'1 showed the importance he attached to it. It may at least, it seems, be regarded ascertain that Austria will undertake the task 01 standing oa permaneut police duty, watching the attitude of Russia, aud prepared to step in at a moment's notice in case that, power attempts a repetition of her game of 1S70, lS5i, 182!), and previous occasions; and that the vast hosts of Geriiiauy and the naval forces of England will be ready to support her with an overwhelming power, which must finally and emphatically dispel these Russian dreams of aggression which hardly anybody, Mr. Gladstone excepted, can bring themselves to believe could have anything hut a peruicious effect on the welfare of both Europe and Asia. Should the news be confirmed, by the way, we may expect shortly to hear of a general election 111 England, as Lord Beacons field would not bo likely to allow such a pro pitious moment for an appeal to the country to pass by unused. The City of Melbourne Bank held it3 half yearly meeting tc-clay. The report alluded to the period of pressure through which the bank had passed, and states that the run made upou it 011 the oth of Juue had reduced the amount of the half-yearly profits by the temporary diversion of a portion of its resourcos, and by the necessity of maintaining larger resources of coin than usual to meet contingencies, 'l'ho shareholders were congratulated upon the fact that a severe strain had been successfully met, thus affording proof of the healthy condition of the institution. It was thought inadvisable to recommend the payment of a dividend. The gross profits for the hali-year were shown to amount to £10,752, from which, after making all necessary deductions, .£0,74-1 was left to the credit of profit aud loss account. After a ii'tlo discussion, in the course of which one share holder advocated tiio payment of a dividend at 6 per cent, to prevent shares from depreciating, the report was adopted, Votes of thanks were passed to the officers and a soecial one to the manager (Mr. Young) for his conduct during the crisis. Another postal card libel case was tried in the County Court to-day. The defendant Chas. Oonnop, an estate agent, addressed a postal card to the plaintiff John Watsuti, also an estate agent, and upon it he sent a message asking .Mr. Watson to mind his own business and threatening that if he did not lie might hear something that would not be pleasant to him or to his credit. He also insinuated that lie had been guilt}' of mean, dirty, underhand work. The jurj gave the plaintiff a verdict for £0 aud costs. 