THE TWO BROTHERS. [Duriig the Peninsular War a strange and mysterious incident occurred, to which Napier in Lis History passingly alludes. In an assault on one of the strong places, and when the t " forlorn hope" was advancing to the attack. a " tall figure, dressed completely in white." rushed forward in front of them towards the rampart, and though so conspicuous an ob- I ject, and the most exposed of the attacking party, lie seemed to bear a charmed life, for whilo numbers fell under the shower of bul lets that rained from the defenders on the walls, he was the first to ranch the ditch, aind was then lost to sight in the crowd of assail. ants. But his body was afterwards easily found by his white dress. No one seemed to know who the tall ghostly volunteer was that -like some of the old Roman generals, who " devoted themselves to the infernal gods" in s a critical part of the fight-rushed upon his I fate; but not a few people surmised when t the remarkable incident was mentioned in tihe English papers at the time, that he was some man with a dark secret, who had committed a great crime against friend or family, and I going out to the Peninsula, took this way to I atone for it by an act of romantic self sacrifice. It was not unnatural that in any place or neighbourhood where a person had suddenly disappeared at the time, consjectnre should busy itself in trying to identify the missing man with the mysterious victim of remorse ; and an explanation of the " secret" may be found in the following "owre true tale," which we copy front the Bristol Times ] Robert 3Mandell lived in one of the gabled houses in the Horsofair, Bristol, when they were inhabited by moro sub- i stantial tenants than now. From the i front windows lie commanded a view of St. James's church and churchyard, t and at the time of the annual fair it was I said he increased his hoard by advanc- i ing money at a usurious interest to those who through the chances or mis- t chances of trade were forced to seek his aid. He was a Bristolian, but as I was then not unfrequently the case I with younger citizens, had been absent in foreign parts in the earlier years of I his life, and there were stories whispered i about by the neighbours of his having t acquired wealth' by questionable acts with which a daring disposition had I more to do than hodnesty. Ho had a brother William, who resided not very I farfrom him, a widower with it family, but one who, however well-inclined, I and with a kindly nature, was not for- I tunate in any of the numerous projects for making money or earning a living in which he engaged. William, when in distress, had made nimany appeals to Robert's fraternal af fection, but without success. Hard as a rock, he refused him. At length one1 night, when the miser was engaigedl with his account books, William called. I "The old story, Will," said the elder brother, "come to beg mnoney; but to I cut short what your importunity might make'a long talk, there is not a coin for you." " I come to beg," replied William, "not money, but my life. It is in your hands." "Your life in my hands," repeated the other with surprise. "Yes, I forged your name to a bill which falls due to-morrow. I did it in a sore strait,' when ruin stared me in the face, and holm told me I could pay before the appointed day, but to-mor row it will be presented, and I am pon niless. Robert, will you see me-" "Hanged1" interrupted the miser. "Aye, ten times hanged before I inter fore. I will pronounce it a forgery the moment it is shown to me, and you will pay the penalty." William pleaded hard to touch, if lihe could, the brother's heart; but Robert was relentless and rnthleas. They do acended the stairs together, the one still entreating the other sternly refusing, when William's eye alighted on the portrait of their mother hanging against the wainscotting of the hall, for the old house in the Horsefait had been the family homn, for three generations. In his deslerate dilliculty lie caught at the incident. Pointing to the Iiettrl he said, " Can you hope to look in that face again, In anotlhr world, if you bring death and disgrace upon hier youngest and-" He checked himself; but Robert supplied the word with the same bitter. ness of tone in which he had been speaking, " Herfavourite son-her pet son I Aye," he added, " but her favour could not keep you from being a beggar." William with a deep groan went out into the dark night through the door which Robert held open for him, and the latter had locked and bolted it, when a noise was heard. Looking round Robert saw the portrait of their mother had fallen from the wall. He took it up, and fastening the string anew with nervous fingers, replaced it upon the nail. To say that Robert Mlandell was wholly and unredeemably bad and bad hearted would be almost to say he was not human. The love of money had a terrible grip upon his soul. He had risked life often in youth and in foreign lands to get it; and without ever ask ing himself the question what lie was .to do with it (forhe was a bachelor) he went on amassing with more and more eagerness when le returned home. If he died the next day it is possible his brother's family would be found in his will as succeeding to his wealth. Nevertheless you must be altogether surprised that he saw that brother on the point of disgrace and conviction for a capital offence without being able to part with the money that would save him from both. Yoe see this phe. nomenon in a lesser form daily-people accumulating mon3y which they know will go, and perhaps intend shall go, to relations, but who while in life wonld not part with i pound to save those relations from the bitterest distress. Robert having secured the house, went to bed, and although the last word he said to himself, as if to encour age his determination, was "Let him hang," it was late before lie closed his eyes in sleep. How long lie had been wrapped in uneasy slumber I cannot say, when a dull sound, but one that echoed through the house, awoke him. Those were days of daring burglary, and nMandell was known to be wealthy. He leaped from bed, struck a light, and taking a sword from the wall (his early life of adventure had made him fearless), he descended the old oaken staircase, for the sound came from below. When lie got to the hall the noise was ex plained-his mother's portrait lay on the paved floor. It had again fallen from its fastening. Robert was pale, and trembled a little as once more lie hung it on the nail, and as he did so (doubtless he wished to think it was caused by the flicker of a candle) the painted countenance seemed to change its ordinary placid and formal expres sion to one half of anger and half of sorrow. Rebuking his own nervous ness with a " Humph," he once more retired to bed, but to get little sleep; so that when he sat down to his early breakfast lie felt fagged and in no way refreshed. In those days the habit of tolling for a departed parishioner, whose relatives the ringers believed would be able to pay them, was more common than now. If they heard from the family or other wise that a death had taken place dur ing the night, they gave the earliest intimation of it to the neighbours from the belfry of the parish church. Robert Mandell's old housekeeper had placed his breakfast on the table and was leaving the room, when a tolling sound boomed out from the tqwer of St James's opposite, which lie could see from the bay window of the apartment lie occupied. "For whom is that 4" he inquired. "I'm sure I don't know, sir," was the answer. "Thisis is the first stroke of the bell." She descended the ,stairs, and lie heard the street door open and close. He knew the old woman's curiosity would not let her be at rest until she learned who was the last departure for eternity ; and though usually indif ferent to gossip and news, he himself was this morning conscious of a rather uneasy interest in a not uncommon parish event. Accordingly when the street door was again opeined, and hlie felt sure his old housekeeper had re turned, he made some excuse to sum mon her to the parlour. After some little delay she made her appearance, but pale and with a frightened look. " Who is dead 1" asked lier miaster, with a composure that was forced ; for a mysterious and terrible apprehension liehad hold of him. "Your brother, sir," site answered, with difficulty. " William I He was well last night." " Yes, sir; but he was found dead this morning." " How-of wlhatl" But the old woman did not hear, or afhbcted not to hear him, and walked slowly to her kitchen. Oh, terrible suspense l The half-a. life of agoniiy comnpressed into these five minutes I Rolert Mandell sat motion less in his chair, loolting over with lack-.. lustreo eyves at the old church tower, from which at intervals camse those awful tollings. RIeader, lhas it ever Iallppened to you to hear of the sudden death of one will, whom your last wo'ds were words of difference You may have been right, over so right; aiud he maiy have been wrong, over so wrong: still there is thi feeling that the utterances cannot be recalled in this world, and if youll meet in the next, you meet with the shadow of a differ ence undispelled. Robert lIMandell's feelings, if his heart was not wholly millstone-and it was not wholly-may, therefore, be imagined. A black tor por, the sense of having done a dread ful wrong, which was unalterable, lay like lead upon his son). The words spoken with such fearful effect the night before appeared to him to be re peated by every boom of that appalling bell. " Hanged - hanged -aye, ten times hanged," he muttered, repeating that sentence of his which now burned upon his brain. He took up his hat mechariically, and as if labouring under stupor left the house, and crossed the iorsefair to William's residence, in one of the small streets leading out of St. James's-barton. He placed his hand on the knocker and paused awhile, for the booming of that death-bell reach ing him as he stood on the doorstep arrested him. But the door was opened. William's daughter had seen him from the side window, and admitted him. Up to that moment he had hoped that his brother's death was natural, though it might have been hastened by the unnatural reception he gave him. Once, however, in the house, he learned the terrible fact that William had hanged himself I "He came in late, greatly disturbed," sobbed his daughter, who apparently did not know to-whom her father's last visit was paid; " went to his room, and this morning was found hanging- " The girl could not finish the sentence. " Hanging," repeated Robert, with a groan, his ghastly speech of the night before ringing in his ears with that still tolling hell, and seeming to deafen him; but his strong, hard nature ral lied to his relief before he committed himself further. It was evident from his niece's manner that the knowledge of their last interview was now con fined to himself. William carried the hideous secret with him out of the world: Why should he (Robert) dis close it I Re could not recall the words that had killed his brother, but he might hel1, the penniless family. It seemed as if his wealth had all of a sudden lost its value for him with that terrible incident, as pinchbeck when touched by the testing acid gives forth its dross. The orphan nieces were sur prised at his unwonted generosity, and when he left the house to give orders to the undertaker, they said, "Uncle Robert was not the hard relentless man they thought him." Robert Mandell did not hear this remark, bet lie did the thanks, which were more galling than reproaches to his inner consciousness, as he thought of the bitter, the brutal, words he spoke to his brother while he held the door in his hand, and William with the deep sigh of a desperate man went out into the dark street--"Thanks, indeed-thanks for telling him to go and get hangedr" Mandell had now lost all taste for money-had no feeling but that he was at brother's murderer. He walk ed, walked, walked all that day about the city, carrying, as he believed the mark of Cain on his forehead. He could hardly be said to seek rest, and certainly he found none; for every casual word that fell upon his eari, everything he saw in the streets, seemed to tell him of his crime. Still the wretched man plodded on through the crowds long after the oil lamps were lit-plodded on without a purpose; the big horrors that were in his mind not allowing hiim to feel footsore. As he passed the closed churches lie seem-co ed to hear as if some awful sermon was being preached within upon the words \--"The voice of thy brother's blood orieth unto Me from the ground. And now art thou cursed from the earth which opened her month to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand." "Cursed, cursed," muttered the miser able man, as at length and while it was yet only an hour from midnight, lie reached the house which lie had not put foot in since lie left it in the morn ing. Letters asking for loans, anil letters containing payments for loans lay on the table, but he did not open them. His greed for gain was gone, quite gone. Wearily he walked up stairs to bed, but not to sleep. l-e did not even try to sleep. St. James' clock struck one, and as it did something fell heavily in the old hall below, as if fronm the effeots of the stroke. Mandell started, his heart beat, and a cold pers piration burst from his forehead ; but lihe did not rise and go ldown to ascer tain the cause of the noise. Hi knew it only too well. It was the old omi nous sound lie had already heard, of his mother's mysterious portrait falling front the wall, and the echo it gave out seemed to himi to amy, " WVhere is thy birothlerl " Vitlh a desperaltion which is sometimes the effect of intense ecbut tie fear, he leaped from his bedl and vwent to thie window. The wansing moon shed a pale light on the white tombstones in tie churchyard, uponi wlhich hie lookedl down. Not a living creature wis thelreO to obe sell. Sonic how his eyes were attracted to thint part of the ol burial grouunl whlere his mother's grove was, aid tlh hie hsaw aI figure whlich appeared to hiockon to hinl, uand to raise its hanlld aIs his brother rielad hie, sadly and imploringly tihe bight before, when he still stood on the doorstep despairing, yet still hesitating to depart The sound of a heavy body falling aroused the housekeeper, when on enter ing her master's room she found him in sensible on' the floor iri a fit, from which he recovered only in time to enable him to attend the funeral of his brother, who was buried in the same grave as his mother ;for coroner's juries were not then any more than now hard on the living by being too justly severe on the dead. A verdict of "Temporary in sanity" entitled him to a grave in con secrated ground; and though Robert Mandell would have willingly expended any sum on a tomb for the man he would not, or said he would not, pay a pound to save from hanging, the hypo crisy of seeming to honour the dead whom he would not make a small sacri fice to keep alive, he recoiled from in the relentless mood of self-condemna tion in which he was. A month or two passed, and then Robert Mandell's house in the Horse fair was found to beclosed. It might, in deed, have been closed for some time, as since his brother's death he was never noticed by any of the neighbours going in or out: though if any of them hap pened to be abroad late at night they passed him in the streets, his tall thin figure with keen wan face and sunken eyes as he flitted by them giving him quite a spectral appearance; so that even the old watchmen, used as they were to strange nocturnal sights, seem to feel a sort of superstitious fear and awe of this mysterious restless man, who appeared to be possessed of Furies: which he was in a sense, that is by the Fury of a consuming remorse from which he was always trying but never able to escape. At length, how ever, the self-haunted night-walker was missed from his lonely rounds, and it was known that the miser of the Horse fair had gone away not even caring to collect his debts-a neglect so strange in that hard-griping man ; making a pro vision, however, for his orphan nieces ere he left; whither to go they could not say nor could anyone else. As no one suspected the share he had had in his brother's death, his disappearance was attributed to oddity. The gloomy life of a solitary money-grubber (people said) had unsettled his brain: and all about the tragedy of the Mandells was nearly forgotten, when suddenly a strange story began to be whispered about amongst the parishioners of St. James's of persons being scared almost out of their senses by seeing at mid night two figures, one tall and dressed in white, gliding amongst the tombs in the churchyard. Some persons, too, who had been watching with the sick in houses whose windows looked out on the bleached grave-stones, had also been terrified by glimpses of these same un earthly visitants ; so that for a little no one cared to make that their way home late at night, and St. James's churchyard from being one of the most noisy quarters of Bristol after dark was now as silent as a City of the Dead. Sceptics there were, of course, and scoffers, who believed none of the stories current about these supernatural appearances, and accounted for.them in the case of one set of witnesses by pota tions being too plentifully indulged in, and in the case of others by' the ner vousness induced through over-taxed attendance upon the sick. And the sceptics were having their way, when one morning the romantic tale of the tall volunteer in white, the mysterious stranger who fell in the red ditch or on the bloody rampart of that far-off Spanish town, was printed in the Lon don papers, and then the ghost-seers of St. James's had their way, especially when a letter was received for his nieces, nearly at the same time as the newspaper account of the white figure in the " forlorn holpe," to tile effect that their " unhappy uncle," being unable to find rest or relief from a consuming remorso in life, was about to seek it in a soldier's death. In the note was a will, briefly written, making them heirs of all ie had, and saying where his fortune would be found. This was penned from a little town in Spain,quito near to the seat of war, and was dated only two days before the attack on the fenced city in which the man in white had fallen. If there were any incredulous per sons in the parish after this, Robert Muandell's nieces, who pondered all the circumstances in their minds, were not of the number. 