\ illISONEB SHOT AVlriLBT TK YiNG TO ESCAPE. (From the Duhbo Dcnmitch, July d.) A umn nnmoclJnmoB Montgomory, oil Is nil . i :)orHO-fitonling, who wn» hoiug onooiiod lo i immhlo bv Con«liililo Brown, of Cni'baut\viu4- on 1st July wliilr.t ultonipting to ohciijio. lion ubout two miles Irom Coounmulo liq d to iiuluoo tho constablo- to prontiBo not to . o certain ovidonco against him, and on Brown .iming lho prisouotysuddoiily alruok liim twico . > tho bhclr of thbJhd6k witli a iutick, Raying, lIioii tnko that, you--——." Brown, -who wmt on nnnwnfcH,' was slunn'od for a inoinont by . i .;j unloolcod-for ulluclc— ho nnicli no Hint ho : ivly fell out of lho suddlo. Ah hooii ns Mont ,t>:nory had Hlruck Drown ho gallopod into, tho ub. Brown in a fow moinohlH .rocovcrod his . -viiBciousnoBS, and sav/ about 130 yards ofTpris-- ij'«r and hl&' homo, on tho- ground, both iu tho r-nofrising. — TlrotirorBiitltpponroddllerwavde, while galloping, pnk his foro . foot into a : ;t rlo 'and fall on dowu. Brown, whon ho saw liaxnUonor-in -IhiB plight; -mhod up to: liiin, r i cl , covoriug him with liiu revolver, oullod upon him to stnud; at tho siuno timo- ordoriug iumphrioflrlho-proRCoutor,-who-Wa'fc-in-thnir- (uiipany, to oatoli .Moiitgnmory's . horoo. Ho' _ .f(l co,%nnd waa hoxt told by_13rowii (who had -r-ris'onOr atill covorod with tho rdvolvor) lo put hftiidouiTn on- Mpn.lgoiuery,— !A8:«oou7aB-tho lonor heard lho, purport of , tho ordor, ho ;. ,? jro ho would hot, allow liiiuHelf to bo . hand and thnUio would lull tlio pair of them / ih.iy aitomptod to do bo. Humphries lintu .riy77Ava9fnglitenod --to-npproaoli-'hira,-aB-ho- i; . boliovod prisoner,- being a dcBporato -man;' .vonld attomnt to cany, his violent tUruntB into mcution,"TNotioirig": Humph$o&'flindobiBion;'! M'ontgomory turnod to BrownV' and said, uXut va-i got on tho horso,; and I'll £0 qulbtly with you to Ooonainblo. I camo with ' yon.' nuiotly _ All day, and I'll go tho rost of tho way with 'yon ;u:iotIy ; but I won't liavotho hauiforTtis -on?r J'lrowu ropliod, " Woll got on your horso, and ,'ivo mo nono of your nonBciiso. Don't-, tiy j lo cscnpo, or I'll shoot_you." Prisonor thon aiouhtodliiB horsb," Brown "rolurucil bio revol ver. to his holster, and, as ho did : bo, Morilgonibiy imincdiatoly galoppod off to wards tho OaBtloroagh. . .Tlio troopor (who imd|tho lmndouffs in hislinnds) throw thorn nt tlio escaping prisoner, but iniBBcd him. As Montgomory rodo away ho sang out, " Catch mo now, you — , if you cau," Drown drew his revolver and wont m iimsuit, calling on prisonor to "taud or ho would certainly shoot him. Tlio 060apoo took no notico, boyond turning round in hie -eaddlo aud laughing at tho policcmau. Brown, now thinking to iutimidnto Montgomery —to show him that his throats woro not owpty cues— Bred two shots ovor his bond ; but they bad no offoct on tlio prisonor, who continuod fltijl to-galiop away. Ho went dowu tho bank of Gia Castlorongh, followed by Brown. Tho trooNor's horso. liorik ran against a trco and knookod him out of the saddlo. Brown jumped to his fbet immcdiatoly, and ngaiu called ou tho prisonof to staud, but no notico was taken of tho ordor. \The policoman thou, sooing his man was likely to iseape, took doliborato aim and tired. Montgomery sang out, "Oh, Holy Ghost 1 you shot mo," but ho did not socm to tho trooper as if bo had boon- struck. Brown thon mounted his horso. and resumed the pursuit, calling ou thbiprisonor to Gtahd, and again Bring ovor his head, in tho hope that "fear would induce him to surrender! Monigtfmcry, howovcr, was not to be intimid&ted-hc; continued iris conrso, singing out as tbo'uhot wao flrod — "That's two; now cutch mo, you wrotch, if you can." Brown, hading thcro was no pciBsiuility of overtaking him, a second timo took aim, and fired. Mont gomcry, as ho did so, j'cllcd out, " That's three'," pullod up his horso, and dismounted. Brown rodo up to him, nnd, not thiuking ho was hit— for, in tho dusk it was impossible to soo if his shots had takon effect — rigain called upon' hi'm to surrender, and Montgomery said, I've had pneo from his horso, and fell backward down tbo bauk. Tlio constable got off his horso, lifted tho man's head up tho bank of tho s(ronm,got somo water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this timo re-joined him) to rido in hastily to 'Cdouiimblb for a dOctov iuid a spring cart, ns ho believed tlio prisoner wa6 dying. HumphrioB wont, as dosirod,' aud Montgomory, who never spoke again, continuod to breatlio for about ton minutes, aud thon expired. At tho inqnost hold tho jmy roturnod a vordict of "Justifiable homicido." Another Buuulart in Bribrane.— Somo timo during Monday night (says tho Courier ,) / nu ontrnnco was offootod to Mr. Goldsmid's pawn-shop, Edwnrd-street, by a thief or thiovos. Tlio offondors appoar to hnvo had a.-koy with thom, &b; tho front door facing tho slroot was found partly open by Mr Goldsmid yostorday \- morning, and no Bi'gn of forco was risiblo. Tlioy 6cemJahuvo.opeiiod.anotiior_door_in.tho_Bamo. manner, which oponed into a back room where two iron firoproof safos woro stationed. Tlioy thon picked tho lock of ono of tho safes, abstract ing £50 in gold andnotos, and 200 plodgcs, consisting ohiofly of rings, brooches, and various otlior nrtiolos. Among tlio stolen property, nro two.diamond.rings_valucd.at_iS100._lir._Gold smid looked up his shop on Monday ovouing at 8 o'clock, as usual, and wont home, returning yostorday morning to find his premises in a stato of confusion, boiug nlmost_complotely_.rau. ji.Vcked. " Circus Benefits.— A circus which has boon exhibiting at Blackall, previous to tlioir departure, gavo bonofits, in aid of iwo local funds, ou which subject tho . Western Champion reasons thusly : — Up country communities require a lilllo amusomonfc eomotimos to break tlio dull \- -monotonjrof a-btishTifo; — At'tho'samo timo wo rogrot tho groat loss of monoy whioh nccruos to tho distriot by tlio absorption ofsoveral hundreds of its ready cosh into tho treasury of a travelling circus. For ovory groat its proprietors snond iu lho town tlioy cany away a sovereign.; It is for this reason therefore wo cannot cordially egroo with thoso ltind-heartod gontlomon who \- rotuvn-thahks-to— tho-propriolor of- a-cirous- for giving a porformanco in aid of chnrity. Ave yon aware, gontlomcn, that thoso "boneiltB" bonofit tho showman more than tho charity ? . After playing in a town until his receipts dwindle down to a nightly £10 uoto, it is quito a windfall wlion two oharitablo gontlomon sell for him £60 or £70 worth of tickets, half of whioh lio roooivos. No, kind sirs, tlio pooplo deserving your thanks aro tho purchasers of tlio tickots, ana wo woro very glad to soo all Black- all rcprosontod at tho benefits, and furthermore to uotioo that tlio fivo shilling tickots woro re acted with disdaiu aud only tho highpriood ones purohasod. 