? WHAT WAS IT ? "But you are not so superstitious as to believe in ghosts, and all that nonsense, are you, Fred?" The question was addressed by myself to Captain Frederick Hardnob. We had bee* to hear Professor Baldwin's exposure of spiritism, and the Captain had invited me to spend the night at his villa. The weather was sultry, but as we sat beneath his verandah, smoking our Havanahs, sipping bis wine, watching tbe young moon bathing her beautiful brow in the ocean, and listening to the rippling stream as it dance i alorg the garden—an inexpressible feeling of serenity crept o'er every sense. •* Not believe in ghosts," replied Fred; " why, of course I do, and so does every man of sense, who " "But, hang it," I interrupted, somewhat nettled at his insinuation about men of sense; " didnt the Professor this very evening demonstrate tbe whole thing to be the result of chicanery aod humbug ?" " Not a bit of it," replied Hardnob ; "all that he proved was that he himself is a hum—" " Stay," I exclaimed, "or I shall require you either to prove or recant your assertion. You know the Professor is my intimate associate." " Intimate fiddlesticks!" ejaculated the Captain, as he threw away a half-smoked cigar and tossed off another bottle of his favourite hock. " But come, the decanter is not yet drained, and there is plenty more within. Here, Tom, you skulking young monkey, bring another bottle." I confess to a slight weakness for hock, and the oppressive heat was sufficient excuse for following Fred's excellent example. A silence of some minutes ensued, during which Hardnob lighted another cigar, and pulled away at it vigorously. The moon had now set. The darkness was intense, and an occasional gleam of lightning indicated the approach of a thunderstorm. Suddenly Fred started from his seat and stood before me. His height seemed to be gigantic, and his cigar imparted to his countenance a grim and ghastly appearance that almost made me shrink back in terror. "And so you don't believe in ghosts," he said sneeringly; " but seeing is believing, is it not ?" " None of your larks, Fred," saidj IJiffectin j an indifference I scarcely felt. 4MKM Larks, larks," he replied, in a croaking voice like that of a spasmodic hurdy-gurdy. " Larks larks, Sir. Look at me. I'm a kerosine lamp pest." WbereupoH my excited fancy gave t his limbs a greatly elongated appearance, whil his head seemed to expand and grin down upo ice like a globe of tinctured water in a chemist • window by gaslight. Knowing Hardnob to be an expert at chemica experiments, I still suspected that he wa playing off a trick upon me. But there h stood motionless as the Duke's statue in Hyd Park, attenuated as a bamboo cane, silent as the shadow of a telegraph post, grim as a gibbet, black as a necromancer's thoughts, tantalizing as a she-flee in one's stocking. His appearance fascinated me. I could not stir an inch. I cculd not even utter the "avaunt" that rose to my lips. A damp chill crept over me. The blood was freezing in my veins. I could only gaze and tremble. At length a reverberating peal of thunder shook ' the house to its foundation, and the glaring phantom lamppost was gone. But the next instant it, or the captain, or somebody, or something approached me. Its appearance was not exactly that of a spider, or a Prime Minister, or a hippopotamus, but a kind of compound of the three. It brandished an immense war-club, and geemed to take an aim at my head. With a desperate effort I sprang forward and wrenched the club from his grasp; but at the same instant I felt a frightful grip in the calf of my left leg, as if I had stepped into an iron gin. " Lie down, Towser. Tom, you skulking young monkey, bring another bottle." It was the voice of Hardnob. Had he really been playing a trick upon me ? Was it the hock—had I slept—was it the shadows upon the verandahblinds—or were these the effects of " spirit manifestations?" I really cannot tell; but I well know that I shall carry the mirks of Towser's teeth upon my left calf till I have not a calf left. 