POLICE. At the CENTRAL POLICE COURT, yesterday, the Police Magistiate was assisted by Messrs. Bailey, Perdriau, and Solomon. Five charges of felony, partly heard, were remanded. In the SUMMONS COURT the bench was occupied by Messrs. Charlton, Nelson, Lipman, Linsley, Hart, Dean, Fremlin, W. Fowler, and Stanley. The business paper contained a list of thirty-seven cases. Ann Taylor was fined 5s. and John Cohen, Henry Roberts, and Robert Horn 10s. each for Sunday trading. The license of John T. Shepherd, of the Globe Tavern, Market-street and Castlereagh-street, was cancelled on the information of sub-inspector Anderson that he had abandoned the said licensed house as his usual place of abode. Several persons were fined for minor offences. Messrs. Hunt, Reading, Penfold, and Smith adjudicated at the WATER POLICE COURT yesterday morning. Thomas Johnston, alias Regan, found guilty of stealing a box of sardines, value 6d., the property of James Kid- man, was sentenced to pay 2s. 6d., or go to gaol till 6 p.m. Catherine Walker, for having a coat and book in her possession reasonably supposed to have been stolen, was sent to gaol for two months. Mary Boyd, 67 years of age, convicted under the Vagrant Act of having no lawful visible means of support, was sent to gaol for three months. James Stuai t, for stouhng a book, worth 5s , tho oropirty of Li am Hollis, received a sentence of three months nn pnsoam"ut Ldivaid Bull and William Si'heiland, two seamen, charged with desTtrag from tho ship Christiana Thompson, woro sentenced to eight w eeles' incarceration m gaol 1 ho sa no pi isoners weio further charged with embezzling a portion of tho cargo of tho Christiana Tlumpson valuedat £10 1 rom the ovidenco of Captain Mumu and the first officer o f tile vessel, it appears that on the 24th of April soon aftoi theanivalof tho Chustiana i hempson in Poit Jackson, tho hi o pi isoiiers togethoi with somo otheis of tho new deserted The same afternoon, while tho officers and tho remaining portion of tho eiewwero cugngod discharging caigo tho first olbcei discovered that sevenil of tho case-, ni tho hold had been broken into and a largo quantity ot then coatents abstracted Iho pael ages of elotnmg had in pai t cult* attracted tho nttention of the muruudeis, and several cases oí men's slop goods had been cut open \ numbei of boxes of groceries, such as innis, pickles pio served fish, &c; , had also suffered, and tho o tent of tho dopreiition was estimated at over £40 Owing to a handlcerchier belonging to Hull being found among tho nfled eases, suspicion at once fell upon him and Sutherland, and Captain Murray follow ed the tw o men to 'S owcas'lo, wliTO ho found thom, arraxed m tho proceeds ot thou robbery Ho at once chaiged them with tho carne, and gave them îuto custody Bull at once admitted that ho bed bioachod cargo, but ¡suther- land denied all know ledge of tho transaction, and stoutly maintained his innocence until on his boxes being searched, sovei al of tho stolon clothes and tins ot potto 1 meats w ero found among his belongings 1 ho Bench lound both nnsouers guilty and sentenced them to f oi felt £o and go to e,aol for 12 weeks, tho h ghost possiblo penalty under the circumstances Challes Ash on and William Smith, better known ns "Teinblo Billy" vvoie ehaiged with stealing a roll of tweed, value £S los , the pioperty of Jackson and Morton Iho manuel m which tin pnsoneis managed to get possession of and currj oi tho cloth ühoved gi eat ingenuity and had it not been foi the shaip eyes ot a \outh on tho othoi sido of the street would havo insured success Wut lung their opportunity, the two prisoners went to tho shop of Messrs Jackson and Moiton, m King street and, without being p reen ed managed to remove a roll of cloth irom tho shop dom, and wnpit in an overcoat which Ashton had on his aim and the two pri"-onoi» vv ilked off with tho utmost sang foul A lad named Trauk Mitchell bud, however, witnessed tho whole pioceeding, and ho ran acioss to tho plundered shop and gave mio-mation The îesult waa tho airtst of both piisoners and tho îeeovciv of tho stolen moppity which was found bv tho pjhco in Vshton'» possession Iho Bench committed both priooners to the Court of Quin ter Sessions In the Summons Court Me»si» Smart, Harwood, Bardon, Rid_o, Neale, and Bl ur attended, and ordered warrants of ojectment to bo issued on sevoiul îpplieations under tho 1 pnemcut Act 4. fow minor cases of a»sault and abusiv o words were dealt with, and three cases of porjuiy wero lemanded until to-moiTow 