I ®!te Mrtrit, / PUBLISHED EVEBY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY, MAY 17, 1879, ' JUDICAL SENTENCES. " , (THE extraordinary discrepancy "that vye read from time to time in the senteuceB awarded by the judges, not only in tbe colonies but also in the mother country, to .persons convicted ^before them is at the present moment exciting very general attention, and it is certainly somewhat difficult to dis cover upon what principle, if any, the learned judges base/ 1)heir deciaious, JFrora the sentences frequently Awarded it \yould almost appear that the greater the Grime the less the amount of punishment in flicted, and, 'vioa 'twi^'and'tlisit the 'judafSjiiupi^ssipRs; ^re,; o/tm formed >ndraecisions given not'by tlie magni tude of the 6ffen6dcdutfmitt)Gd,J but by ' ;h«t,.'status andi positioniff lifd)of the Roused persons. Nowf although we dp not for a moment intend to infer tljiat judges are swayed by improper ujotivqg, or from any consideration of -the rayjj;g£;the individual convicted, ypt wedannot shut our eyes to tbe f^ct that^Jjie sentences given very fy'equebfcly^excite general astonishment iq the public miud with regard'to itljieir severity or lightness, as the case juiay Our Narraooorte cornea ^pndei^ Jias drawn attention to the case otajji/iu tried at the late Circuit Court for forging a cheque for £1','and for which lie received a seut^ace j?f three years imprisonmout. The forgery, we understand, was committed under very peculiar circumstances, and we have heard it stated that if the prisoner .had been defended by counsel there is every probability that he would have been acquitted. Contrast the fore going with the case of the Glasgow Bank managers, and the extraordinary discrepancy in the sentences awarded to prisoners is seen at aglanoe. In the one case the accused are couvioted of defrauding the publio to the extent of many' hundreds of thousands of pounds, and occasioning the ruin of many innocent persons, and for whioh they received tne inadequate punish*! ment of a few months imprisonment. The Baine remarks will apply tothe case or the now welUknown Colonel Baker, Who for an outrageous assault, upon va defenceless girl received ft sentence 'that, with the exceptiM'bf) his detention in prison, brought no. punishment with it, yet it was .an, otfeuce-'tbat if committed by an in... dividual in tbe Bill SykfiB wait ip life 'would probably have resulted in penal servitude'for a considerable period. We cbftjre no occasion,' 'lit) wever, to travel beyond the records of colonial oourts to find innumerable instances j of sentences that have frequently given much astonishment. Notably, the lenienoy of the punishment, in. iiioted>Jfor';thte; embetfzle"nl6ntfttf"biuiM funds and falsification of adcounts to the extent of thousands of pQunds, and the sentences awarded for trying to .valjjelesi oheque. same i.ftofli oftftlggs, to tome extent, prevade the atmosphere of the lower oourtB. The insolvent < who fails for many thousands beiug frequently. cora^ , plimented on the admirable manner in which his business has been conducted, And awarded a Hrst»claas certificate, , while the illiterate individual who fails without any dishonest intent on his part for $50 may possibly be, im-. prisoned, or hip certificate suspended for beiug a fraudulent debtor. There it not much need to refer to the minor police and local courts, justices'justice being proverbially of a most erratic character. The difficulty in these matters is to find how they can be remedied. No right thinking person would for a moment advocate any interference with the liberty or in dependence of the judges, for how* ever much the outside world way con sider them mistaken in what we have beeu referring to there is but one opinion generally held by those per sons born and eaucated under British rule-that the honor and integrity of the .judges of the higher oourtB are un assailable, and there is no reason for assuming that the authorities who pre side over the lower oourtB are not in ' the same position yet. Notwithstand ing this we cannot but arrive at the conclusion' that ' some ohdngeA is necessary, so; that those glaring: inr stances of the inadequacy of punish, raent on the one hand and of excessive punishment on the other might cease being recorded in the official doouments of our higher and lower oourtB of justice. ,, ' .THE Reobfpion TO THE GOVERNOR.-At .the .meeting o( the Reoeption Committee on Thursday evening the programme for the recep tion of His Excellenoy Sir W, F, D. Jervolson Monday 'afternoon and evening woe arrauged. , The Band will meet the speoial train on arrival attjie aroh In Wehl*street, and aooorapany the train to the second arch, betweeu the goods shed and station house. Here the oUiidreni under the oharge of their teaohers, etandiug at the south side of the line, will slug the National ,'Antliem, Mr. Maytum leading. Then His Ex* oellenoy will step on to the platform at the south side of the goods shed and reoeive and reply to addresses. He will then return to the tralu .and deolare thb line duly open; after whloli he will step into a carriage ready waiting, and, aooompanled by the Mayor, drive t6 the Mount Gambler Hotel. The prooesslon will be arranged as followsThe Band leading: the members of the Oddfellows, Foresters, Roohabltes,1 and :Sons of Temperanoe lodges, in the order named, arrayed in regalia, following; the members of the Town Oounoil, in a conveyance, third *, His Excellency aud party, with, the Mayor, fourth : and the general publio, in buggies ana on foot, in the rear. On arrlvlug at the Mount 'Gambler Hotel the procession in front will di* vide aud allow His Exoellenoy to pass through to the door, We may say that the ohlldreo, after the procession starts foi the hotel, will be taken to the State School and regaled with buns, &c;, The banquet will take plaoe at 7 o'olock, The programme inoludes 14 toasts, subjeot as yet, however, to alteiatioB. Ladies will be ad* mitted to the gallery by speoial tloket, % Tub RAILWAY BANQUET.-It is to be hoped 'we have seeu the end of the squabbles over the railway opening banquet. They have not been edifying, nor calculated to raise us in the opinion of the outside publio. These affairs are rarely well managed, but the laok of smooth* ness In the making of our arrangements is oaloul* )ated to raise us to the position of the Bhoukiug example. As now arranged the banquet is to be 5mined by the Corporation, and the invitations 6 it have been out down to fifty, Those not invited may attend by paying for a tioket of ad* mission, but it 1s to be feared the' bad feeling evoked will prevent the gathering being of suoh a representative oharacter as every one would ' have liked*. The Reoeptjou Committee have upw preity well fluished tlielr preparations. Railway Time TABUS,-The following is the,time table for.passenger trains on the Mount Gambler and . Rly.ollBay Railway, on and after Tuesday, iyiay, 20, until further notice :- > * DoWjf, ' Dlstniioa, Station, Time. -v , Motyit Gamj^r, dep., ... ; 8,80 q,ri, :ai Tniilanoola jjT' || 29 ' 51 Beaohport, arr.... ,.. 11.80 " UP, -Beaohport, dep. ," 4,0 p,m, . 32 Mttlimi. {££ ,«?» .. 80 Tmtanocita."jJJ» 51 Mount Gambler, arr. ,., 7.0; " HAW HOMDAY,-The ToWn Council at their meeting on Thursday afternoon, resolved to ask the 'business people arid residents of this town generally to olose their jplaoea of business and hold a half holiday on Mohdtiy, 'No doubt, oon* sidoring the oooasion,. the request will be unanimously complied with; Wo-can answer for it that every !oni'hot, iti'bMiuess,'Who eau,' will' take a half Itoliday. Postal ,,0^4^0150."*-,Oa »9du after Tuesday next, 20th lust, mails, from Millippntb and, Beaohport will arrive at the.Mount Gambler P08t.Offloe di\lly.flt 7 ,o'o}pfik Jn wthe evening, and the mails (orj[tllisb plabes wil olose at '8.3 0 a.m. Tlie'tyalls'will,;of course,' be: Carried by rail. , 1 jL'o'oAfy Tliejre are only tWp oases for heartng'at the Mouut Gainbler Ldoal Court on Monday, viz,, an adjournod cab$-A:, Billing v. T.i Bamtftif qs;;; 'aiida i uqw ? oasem-t,'Mao* quarjo v. tf..Bavin, ,7s., , Both are, limited oases. MaiU CO^Oh ' Ai^i^ijfr,-On'1 Wednesday night the coach: witty'the'mails from Hamilton to: the Southeast 'mdt With a mishap nbdut'a mile and a half ou the Castertou'skie of 061* raiue. 'j'Xhft iuigltt iwas dark'cM i wet, iAnd.thb driver gplug over. ft,,s)ight, ewbanlfnjqut ,the, ooaoh topped over," There, were six [Hungers, four of whom were more or less injured by the capsize-one of them so much sp.tjiat a eon* veyanoe had to 'to'got to take 'him back to Ooleraine. ' It was feared, besides lipases, his arm wus broken.. Two of the passengers were for Mpnnt Gambler, viz,, Mr, W. MclKby and Mr. Melnnes, Aveuue ,;Range,. Fortunately both escaped without a scratch,. Oft the ooach going over tho king bolt oatno' out, aud the uorscs got olear. , The ooaoU wps so much wreoked that a fresh' one had' t'o!,be sent for, j after whloh Casterton was reached nboUt an hour' aud a half behind time. Tim LATE Priiie 'FIGHT,-Considerable sur* prise will bo felt at the news that the oharge against the pilnoipals iu'the late prize light be* tweeu Hloken and Foley has been dismissed by the Melbourne benoh. It is dear from, the evidenoe that all fpur were actively oouoorned in the "conspiracy " to bring off the fight; and the Police Maflstrate raled thRt ib was not necessary to prove that the offenoo whioh it was sought to commit had,been committed, there fore that it was of uo consequence that tho offence had been'eommitted in New South Wales, yet a majority of the bench decided that as the offeuee was carried'o&t; in another colony they had no jurisdiction I The Benoh; It is said, was a packed one, £i)d comprised many magistrates who never appear thbre, but who on this oooasion put in an appearance to sav? their friends. It Is uot oredltable that it oan bV said'the Benoh has been madethgwienna of.shiejdiugpvii doors from the just desert of ppeulv settiug the law at deflanoe. . ! THE shareholders of the Melbourne Provincial and Suburban Bank, whloh olosed its doors last Tuesday, ore In favor of a voluntary winding up of the institution; The total liabilities are set down at £77i879, and the assets are valued at <{124,088. The Associated Banks are disposed to project the holders of the - Provincial Bank's notes,-and may otherwise aid the Bank on gettips to jtnovy the exact state of its affairs. According to the sworn returns forwarded to the Government, the followlug were the assets aud liabilltiai of the'bank'on March 81Lia* bilitles-Notes, not bearing interest, £0,848: bills bearing interest; £0,185 lis. fld.: balanoes due tp other/hanks, £7,oil: deposits (all bear ing interest), £57,800: total, £77,879. Assets ~"Ooln and bullion, £1,599 j landed property, £4,770: notos of other banks, £2,487 : balances due by other banks, 4589 j all debts duqto the biyik, £114,890 j total, £124,088. 7 /i?« oS* cl}P,'ta' on the same date amounted, to £45,895. The amount of last dividend (at 8 pw oent.) war£1,188. The reserve fund, »1(788 ° ^ carried forward, was Piumitive Methouiht Suwday SOHOOL - A.NNIVRBSAIIY.-The anniversary of the Prinii Ive. Methodist Sunday Holiool at Mount Gam* diet WAS celebrated on Suudny und Wednesday mat. On Sunday three services were held iu the oliuroh in coniieotlou-wlth the oelebrntion by the fyev. E. Mrs terra an,. At the evenlug service, several suitable reoltations were oreditably de ljvered by some of the senior boys of, the aoliool. The attendance' at the(services was fair. ' On .Wednesday afternoon a tooial tea for the children and a few adult friends was held in the oliuroh; and in the evening a service of song WAS given by the Sutton Town Sunday Sohool assisted* by u few other children. About 40 nioely dressed young people were seated in tiers above the ros trum,and presented a very pretty appearance,.The attendance was rather limited. The servioe hav ing been commenced with praise and prayer, the Rev, 13, Masterman read a short sketoli of the life of John Buuyan, The servioe of song, whieh followed, 'wns Illustrative of the "Pil grim's Progress" Mr, S, A. Dunning led the children, aud the Rev. Mr, Masterman gave the readings. Some 15 hymni, selected from the American Sacred Songster, were sung during the service in a manner oredltable to all con cerned. ' Mies Li. Masterman:played the aooom pnninients'bu an American organ.- At the close votes of thauks wore passed to the ohildron, Mr. Dunning, &o.;' .The peouniary results were satis factory. ? ' ? >? ?? Saw OF Am-OTMENTS.-TIiIs afternoon, at the'Institute Hall,,.'Mr. I?, R, Peake, with Mr. Bolte, will'offer for sale by auotlon the township of B> nohiior.t, Nprth,. ,It ip laid out in qllot-. ments' similar to the .township proper, and affords a goon opportunity to persons desirous of obtaining a good seaside residence. THE DUVAI,m Siama -The Duvalli Sisters opened'ift'the Institute^Hall'on Thursday even ing, in an entertainment ooufelstlng of two oome* dies entitled '1 Maglo Toys , and A night among the Brigands, The attendance was small The entertainment was very cleverly oarrled out, the dauelng of the Sistors being, of course, the ohief feature. Messrs, Goutts, Hall,, and De Gay assisted' with, :vooalVand; instrumental musio. oomio dialogues, &o;, The oompany plaved last night to it better.house. They give a third entertainment this evening, and then go to Millloent, where they will play on Monday aud Tuesday evenings. LAND Salw.-There was not a large attend ance at the Government land sale in Adelaide last Tuesday. 7,810 aores were disposed of, realising £16,405. The following are the par ticulars of the sections sold in the Hundred of Monbulla, Peuola :-At £1 Is. per aore-Sec tion 156, 880 aores, H, J, Land. At <61 8s, per aore- Seotion 182B, 289 aoreB, John Rid dooh. At £1 4s. per aore-'Seotion 162, 447 aores, Thos. Skene, At <6110s. per aore-Sec tion 167, 404 acres, Wm, Drury, At £1 10s, per aore-Seotion 186, 218 aores. A. Cameron, At <61 17b. per acre- Seotions 170, 181, 584 aores, John Riddooh. At <62 2s, per aore Seotion 172, 164 aoreB, H. A. Turner. At £2 10s. per aore-Seotion 185\v, 175 aores, Riohd. Olark.' At £2 15s. per aore-Seotion 166, 289 aores, J. H. Rittmann. At £8 Is,'per aore Seotion 168, 888 acres,' H. A, Turner, At £8 4s, per acre-Seotion 167, 455 aores, <H. A, Turner) Seotion 185B, 260,aores, Jas. Clark, At 4£8 5s, per, aore-Seotion 174, 842 aores, Elisabeth Flint. At £8 15s per acre-Seotion 174, 887 aores, Elizabeth flint. At £4 8s, per aore-Seotion 184, 488 aores, E.; H, Riddooh," At £5 2s. per aore-Seotion 188, 462 aores, E. H. Riddooh. . ?' Ohvkoh OF Enolano,-'We take the1 follow ing paragraph from the report of the Bishop of Adelaide delivered to the Synod last Friday s "" I should be unjust if I were to omit mention of the able missionary organising tour whioh Arohdeaoon Mqrryatt accomplished in the South* East, at a time when the contemplated removal of Mr. Hooter from Mount Gambler to Mitcbam Beamed to leave that portion of the dlooese in hopeless and irremediable destitution. He, however, Buooeeded in arranging a soiieme of missionary services to be supplied by the Rev. W. Bussed at Robe, Millloent,. Penola, Narra coorte, and Kingston in suooesBlon; who, 1 am happy to report, though a young deaoon, has secured the respeot and regard of those amoug whom he ministers. The visit of Mr. Farr, fol. lowing Shortly after, supplied, by the administra tion of the Lord's Supper in those ohurohes, the laok of the essential ordinance. The- mission, however, needs strengthening by the addition of a priest, who will I believe arrive among usfrom ..Tasmania-the Rev H. Hughes-At the begin ining of July; f In the mean tithe I hope to seud some clergyman in priestVorders rou,nd the dis trict." After a rapid review of. the work of the year the report says It wlll be seen from; this survey that our Oliuroh, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the posts she has taken up. Inadequately fceouple'd, indeed, < for laok of clergy in full Order of priesthood, still her servloes are ministered frotfi Mount Gambler to Streaky Bay, and from Beltaua by Port Augusta to South Yorke's Peninsula: at Edlthburgh, Stansbury, Yorkotown, Mliilaton, Diamond Lake, by the Rev. W, Marshall; in Kangaroo Island by the Rev, 0. Mofse; also at Oape Jervis, Glenburri, and Meningie, back along the River Murray at Wilmington too, and Mor gan, Revs. H. Bevls and Donaldson (from Stiathalbvn and Kapunda) hqld occasional ser vices. It only needs, indeed, a good supply of aotlve missionary, clergy to extend the ministra tion's of the Ouuroh of England through the length and breadth of the land. They should be 'Sons of Consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost,' But if we are to .be blessed with such a mlulstiy they must be relieved from tl/e heart-Wearing, oares of Harrow and insufficient stipends! The labourer is worthy- of his hire. I must sorrowfully oonfess ha does 'get it, on the' voluntary prli)glnlo,,iu< the jural dlstriots, The origin aud need of the mendicant orders of preaoljing friars in the Mediwvul Ohuruh is abundantly illustrated among the soattered farmliig population of this great oolony. I know not hriw their spiritual wnntB are to be met, ex oept by sending 'brothers' two and two, who from oertain centres shall evaugellse the neigh bouring dlstriots." 1 t 1 ? ? . 