THE WEEK. THE debate on thc Financial Statement ender! ou Wednesday night, having occupied foul sittings. The amendment moved by Mr Douglas, although at the first disavowed bj thc leader of the Opposition os having beet brought on without his knowledge or tho con ciiricncc of the Opposition as a party, wai nevertheless subsequently adopted by tin Opposition, who, with one exception, voted with the Ayes in thc division taken upon it. That exception was Mr. T. M. Potcrson, who, before thc division bell rang, walked outside the har of the House. By this Btep he has shown a consistency which does him credit. The principal objection raised by the Opposition against the policy of the Govern, ment as disclosed in thc Treasurer's Budget was that one-half of the proposed loan is lot trunk railways, and only £300,000 for branch lines. It was contended that tho formel should be reduced, and thc latter increased. Now we think it must be conceded that at tho present time a bold and vigorous trunk linc policy is pre-eminently calculated to ad- vance the colony, and the Central districts are especially interested in tim policy being carried out. Let the back country be opened up and settled with all possible dispatch, and thc prosperity of the coast districts is fully assured. Commerce and population will increase at the terminal port of the trunk line of railway, and settlors in thc neighbourhood of thc populous centres will find an improving market for their pro- duce whilst in favourable localities along the line maize and other ceroals may be profitably grown for consumption inland. As regards branch lines the only localities in the Central Division where they might be advisedly made aro through the Peak Downs and Comet dis- tricts. To expect a line to bo authorised to Springsure at tho present lime, considering tile rival claims of other districts, both north and south, would bo too much, unless we wore prepared to secure this advantage at the sacrifice of further extension of thc main line ; brit a branch to Clormont, passing through the rich lands of the Downs, is extremely desir- able, and wc confidently hope it will bc found in the Government programme as the details are disclosed. The idea of branch lines in the central coast districts is altogether pre- mature, and ono would suppose that no man in the full possession of Ins senses could honestly advocate it. The demand for branch lines in populous coast districts near thc capital is not so unreasonable, although when it is considered that the land iu those districts is all in private hands and some of the locali- ties for which railways are sought are in possession of good water carriage capable of material improvement at a small ex- penso, tho country as a whole might well ho chary of making such rail- ways at the cost of thc State. The Dar- ling Downs, on thc other hand, are still largely in the possession of thc Crown, while in some portions agricultural settlement has made good progress, tims establishing its claim to encouragement by increased facilities of com- munication anil other means. The Peak Downs are probably equally good for agricul- ture, but owing to thc want of an accessible market cultivation lias not been extensively attempted there. Thc land, however, is, with a few tridina exceptions, unalicnatcil, and a railway would enhance its value to tho State, while thc largo population in Clermont and the surrounding stations would at once ensure a remunerativo return on tho cost of thc linc. Witli this branch to Clermont and thc main line in course of extension to Barcaldine, the people of Rockhampton would surely hare no cause to complain of thc Government at whose instance those measures are heine introduced, and thc members for thc town and adjacent electorates would strangely misinterpret tbr- true interests of their con- stituents by opposing tile Government ia their railway policy. Thc cry for branch lines was extremely embarrassing to the late Govern- ment, and while promises of their construction were bold ont from session to ¡session those I promises remain still unfulfilled. So great bad [ (in's difficulty become at thc time of the : Conceal Flection, that Mr. Dickson boldly fitated his intention to strenuously oppose all further extension of trunk lines by means I of S'ote hims, and Mr. Douglas, though less outspoken, iuclincd to the same view. And in the lat« debate those gentlemen t-'i'uvi'il that their opinions on this point had uiiiliTírone no modification. It will therefore b" I'Vnrly pcrcr-ived that the demand by Hie (Ippmitinn for branch lines is adverse, to tin: intercMs of Rockhampton ¡md the great Western country on which its present and future piospcrity mainly depends. Mr. l\ili I K. .ii 'Inut (less understands the position nf (bis almost, vital question, hone: bis c;mdnct i'i declining lo join in a vote of censure upon the Treasurer's Statement. The amendment was nogalived by 23 to 20-two of the Minis- ters being absent from the House. Tun election for Darling Downs ia toing hotly contested. The old squatter cry has been raised against the Government candidate, and unscrupulous devices are being resorted to for thc purpose of casting odium upon Minis- ters and vilifying their policy. Mr. Groom is ' stumping the Downs to support the Opposition candidates, and is advocating that provision be made in the new loan for £90,000 to re- purchase the good lands on the Downs with a view to throw them open to homestead selec- tion at sixponce an aero for five years. This proposal will of course be popular with thoBe who expect to reap a rich harvest by securing land worth £3 an acre for a sum equal to about two shillings cash, and it will tell its tale in thc result of tho polling; but no Ministry having au honest regard for tho interests of the colony could endorse such a public robbery as this little game contemplates. Mr. Graham certainly cannot do so, and he will therefore probably be un- able to successfully combat opponents who use such questionable weapons. The polling takes place on Monday next. MR. BEATÍTE'B bill to give an additional member to Fortitude Valley was thrown out on Thursday last, the Government oppoBing it on the ground that it had been made a party question. The Valley electorate is somewhat under- represented, hut the metropolitan group, taken as a whole, bas no cause to complain. The Government, however, acknowledging the injustice to tho Valley and thc difficulty of rectifying it just now by a redistribution, were prepared to grant the additional member asked, but the Opposition having thought fit to make it a party question, Ministers refused to be coerced and voted against the second reading of the bill, and thc motion was lost by 23 to 10. _ Ton shareholders of tho Gas Company may ba congratulated on the prosperous state of their business, as disclosed in the half-yearly report of the Directors. A dividend at the rate of ten per cent per annum and a bonus of 1} per cent, is a very satisfactory return for j their investment ; and that the shareholders were fully satisfied with the management of the Directors was shown by the absence of anything like complaint and the unanimity with which tho report and balance-Bhcct were adopted. The few changes which bave been decided on for tho neut, half-year are highly advantageous to the public. The reduction from 17s. 6d. to 16B. per thousand feet, with the usual discount for cash payment, will enable consumers to light their houses and places of business at the moderate rate of 13s. Cd. per thousand feet; and the additional incentive to the usc of gas for cooking purposes at the further reduced price of 12s. per thousand feet, will, it is to be hoped, cause such an increase of consumption as will enable the Directors to sopply the gas without a loss. The intention to lay down a further length of three miles of mains shows an enterprising determination tn increase the business ; and if the works continue to be as well managed as they aro at present, neither thc shareholders nor the publia' will have cause to grumble. THE weather has been dull and cold throughout the week, portending rain that has not come. From a glance at the meteoro- logical reports, other stations seem to have been similarly described. . At nine o'clock yesterday morning, tho weather was showery at Inskip Point, like rain at Maryborough and Banana, overcast at Copperfield, and fine at other stations. The rainfall for the week was :-At Rockhampton, 0*16 inch ; Mackay, O'lO : Nebo, 0-13 ; Gladstone, 0'48 ; Bustard Head, 071. THE Police Court proceedings during the week embraced no cases of importance, there being no charges on the polioe-Bbeet on Satur- day, Wednesday, and Thursday. There were four inebriates brought np on Monday, and fined ; two of the individuals being well known to the police, and having made use of highly disgusting language, were sent to gaol without the option of a fine, the Bench being determined to repress this particular offence when brought undertheirnotice. A summons for threatening language was withdrawn, and a defendant in a sureties of tho peace action was ordered to keep thc peace for two months under a bond of £10. THE usual bi-weekly sitting of tho Petty Debts Court was hold An Wednesday last, the Police Magistrate presiding. There were altogether nineteen, causes on the list, of which nine were settled out of Court. In six undefended cases, verdicts were given for the plaintiffs, with the exception of ono. in which £30 damages was claimed for a libel. The verdict in this case was given for £10. In the case of M. A. Cusack «. H. Butcher, a verdict was recorded for £7 18s. 10d., including costs. The remaining cause-H. Shubenhaur ». A. Jensen-in which plaintiff claimed £4 19s. Cd. for work and labour, and £3 for money lent, occupied three boura in hearing, and being adjourned until tho next morning, was resumed, thc plaintiff obtaining £6 7s. in- cluding costs. TiiESK is no lack of means of amusement in thc town at present-indeed, there are too many to rondcr the business remunerative to those engaged in it. Miss Stephenson's Com- pany have, with the exception of one or two evenings, been.playing to indifferent houses a fact which is to be regretted, AS this lady spares neither pains nor expense in presenting the dramas to the public in the most attractive form. There has also been a falling off of attendance at Carlton's Ghost entertainment, which will close for the season this evening. Professor Taylor and Lillie, tho accomplished skaters, appeared last night at the Oddfellows' Hall, and delighted those who witnessed their unique and graceful performance. Mr. Taylor's proficiency with the clubs is extra- ordinary, and should bo seen to bo appre- ciated. WoHKiNO BOTTER.-Do not work too much or too fust. Work elowly until all tho salt is thoroughly and evenly absorbed. Otherwise the hotter will not be of uniform color. Working it too fast will destroy the grain, and the butter becomes salvy and lardlike in its texture. Let it stand or put it away in thc tray for twenty-four hours. Then work it enough to remove all thc buttermilk or surplus brine, so that the butter may become dry or like a piece nf cheese. Mould into rolls and put these away for twenty-four hours, or until they become hard and finn. The cloth should bc cut in pieces of exact size and dipped in brine, and the butter rolled when the cloth is dripping wot. Butter should never come in contact with the bare hand. Wien in bulk it can be easily handled with a ladle and paddle. -Exchange. A (loon Pin.-Wc would speak not of any particular breed, but would generalise ; as what can be said of a good pig pf Olio breed holds equally good of one from another breed, if we except thc size, shape, position of cars, tail, &c;, and marking. A good pig is one that has the smallest proportionable amount of offal ; whoso nose, feet, and tail aro shortest, gener- ally speaking, and smallest, consistent with proper locomotion, ic. A good pig is one that lia« heavy, broad hams, gooddeepchest, showing a healthy constitution, which bas a quiet dis- position, yet one which is always ready to get a srpiare meal, and which can digest and assimilate all it cats in thc quickest possible space of time without impairing the digestive organs. Wc do not want a pig which has a small appetite, but one that eats all that is tivoli to it with au evident appetite. The profit consists in getlinn your grain and other fond rapidly converted into pink-thc quicker thc better. Never bother much with a rest- less pi?, for a quiet, one, with thc same chances in his favour which tho restless one has, will so* o outstrip liini in the race for fat and pork. \- Suint' iivl l'oullr/i Jviinml. j 