BITTER SWEETS. ALOVESTOEY. ' Us Joseph IIatton. CHAPIBB XI. HAURY THOBNUILL'S LAST DAY AT DEKBY BISK. It was a bright spring morning when Harry Thornhill arrived at Holswich, on that last journey. to Dunby Rise. He had reached the place before he was expected, in .order that he might walk to Denby Along the sands, for which purpose he left his luggage at the Rock Hotel. How changed everything appeared to be ! The tide was out, end Harry felt ae if old association! b»d gone with it Th* rock* wsr« not tht rook* lie bad known. They looked hard and blrak, «nd fromiing. The sands wer* -not so goldea aa.of yore. Tbe miet whiob bun; about tbe point, where he had rescued Paul Mmmt, Ustead of heightening the plcturecqusnMs of the lienteeMt, looked lika msr* Tulgar to;. Xhe seaweed wkiek fringed the pools that he pasted, had lost it* mii; hues. Tbe spring «UBshin», tb» lenga ef birds, and tbe frnab parfmued br«eze bat lost their charms. They excited na new kopes ; tbejr ?»ly carried the mind back t« i*fu, tke swetta ef ?which Tiiu» bad dipped is gall, Denby Rise looked gloomy too. Tke gables made dark shadows, in which the iry whispers* of dead hopes and past joy*. Tke greei buds ape* the tail trees, and tue anowdMpi wkick kl*«i-«- beneath Anna l-e»'« window, typified tbe Btw life of Paul Mawwy and kls 1«t«. Per tksm the spriag aunBbine mnst be full of gladdeaing'ktttts.- fer them the brook', wbfch made itch tad nugi* » Beny'a ear, must be joyous iideed. Bat. to-day they would put off their httppiaees. To-day tbe would lay by tlieirroiy hot-eg,*Bd bring forth ski cheer, ulneeo to comfort Harry Thornhill. To-dny no glimpse of their new-born bliss should, if possible; touch the .heart of tbe solitary *M. On tbe morrow the sea would here curried bin far away on its bosom, and then might Anna Lee lay her head upon Paul Mastey'e elioulder, and con fees har love ngain. Mr. Aiountford bad fees Harry from tbe library window, end had gone forth to nuut him, with a «mile ot welcome. The sun shone upon tba old Squire's mate hair anil lit up his handsome features as it it delighted to do him honour. But Jie looked much older than when Harry badaees nim, only a few weeks preriously. They went in together, and talked 01 ninny things; but they never mentioned the «n* thing that had stabbed them thiougb and through. Byiind by the mantel- rang the bell to hare Harry's arriral nnnounced, and to prevent Joe from bringing out tin cftiriage in which Paul Afassoy and IViuford BarU6 were to hare met Harry at neiRwicR. Paul caine into the library and ubook bandB heartily with Harry, and said bow glad he was that the wuathsr whs so fin*. Barns bad brought round the now yacht, and they had christened it Marry, The Prere/vtr, itt remembrance ot Barrr'i gallantry. Au old proverb flashed through Mr. Mountfoid'e bruin — ' Save a man from drowning, and be marries your mistress.' But h» dismissed the book ?whisper iostantly, and said Paul's new vessel wob en excellent sailer. llarry said he bopel she would always have smooth peas find fair weather. Paul thought be would like to say, ' Yon must think me an ungratef ul villain, Harry ; try to for give me, try not to hate me, I could die tor you,' and some other extravagant things; but be dared not uncover what Harry and Mr. Mountfoxd had toovered up.' ' ' ' ' ~ ' . ' When i'eu! went out, »» be «»id, to «» after some little matters connected with the yacht, Barn?STBntered to creot . Harry ; . but there was no cordiality between these two. Harry could not forge( that Bsrns bti seized tbe rope intended for nis wounded friend, during the storm; besides which, Barns's manner and. conversation did not pledge him. ? - - . When Air. Hountford went out and came back with bis mece, Barns took careful note of the meet ing of -Harry and Anna : acdaoon afterwards went .specially to Paul, with wbatheca.iledtha'dBtiiir signal. Anna had bBBSjunable to jMttipbjwr Hears, and Mouuitordfthe old ininAug^he was sure Alountiord was trying it on — motioned to BarnB to leave the room wi th him. Did he do so P Of course 'he did. Hiss L»e and 'Harry' were to cether for nearly half tin dour. WellP Barns bad made oome i xcuxeto pet rid of If ountford, and had eeun tbu iwo through the window. Spying, sneak ing, jwpping ? S.o.&e; hadn't : -nd if Paul got into such confounded rsge&«ntii'him he would hook it ul to tether. ; ,:?«'? .', ; Had Vdul possessed as ranch true nobility ef nature as Harry Thornhill, he would have stopped Barns^it this juncture of his report with scan. Paul bad flared up, it it trite, bad called Bams a enetik, *nd had rowed h« would hear ?? aiere. But wt»n Barns *»id, ? Very well, very well,' and ,was -walking away, Paul begged him to fiiitk ?what he had to tell.- ? ? ? wen, men, ia passing tne window he saw Abbk fitting with her hand i« Harry's. Hsnv.wM talking very earnestly, btggiag her. ae Ambit* reconsider, tailing her it was lot tee late. aaiaU tbnttortof thing. Well, he weuW aakeaeoF parte statement. He- aade aa exenst fee sli* quietly into the room fora book. Autaad San were too ranch occupied to «otic« kia, s« ke ?passed behind them into the adjeinfAg roast ; as he did ao Harry put a ring apoa Abm's nng«,aa4 be could distinctly hear hist say ' / knew ym would, Anna.' B» beliarad it wis tke nag which Harry usually wore; but Paul would sesfer him self at dinner. Upon ibis sandy foundation Paul Itassey soon built up tlia etracturc which Wintort Barns had designed. It pew up ao rapidly that its propor tions seemed to reach tbe sky sod All .the uni verse. I knew t/oti tixmJd, Anna. Would what? Why, love him, at last! Knew sbe would never consent to his leaving England on har account. Knew she would think of their early days, of his constant love ; knew she would- pity him, knew ehe would heal his broken heart. JBarns threw in bis poiBoned hints; and Paul took them eagerly, and raged nnd stormed find clenched his fists. Winford was a calm spectator, and anxious that Paul should not lose Anna. Lee. Paul Bftid Barns, no doubt, was right. Love was blind of course. But no, he could not believe it, he would not, he would see for himself. He would ask Anna; no, tbat would be unjust. If be thought sbe.did relent, he would— Ho ! let Harry hare her;' .he dsserved bar, he bad saved his life. Tim's were'Paul'a thoughts togged like a shuttle cock, with uassion and jealousy for tbe battle dores. ' : It was not a cheerful Hinder. 'Mr.'tf buntftWT ea-d little, and Anna said less, . Barns .talked a' caod deal, and Harnr nnd Pah! iiarfrmlr Fn»l- nf 'wine.,., ; , ,.:..:. ? .'' ?-,.; ,.;;. -.,?:.: The ring was upon Anna's finger,— the ring which Harry bad ?been-inthe habit of wearing. What fools tbe green-toyed monster makes of its: .victims! What trifles delude and Jecoive them. \- Anna's calmness seemed ' confirmation strong' ef i«H8 truth o[ l'am's wild imaginings. Jler sadness, and her sisterly attentions to Harry, seamed to him tbe ewliost approaches to a confession of Altered affection. . Pdul'a jealousy burnt Mercer because be knew! that Harry was his ? superior,.. because he knew; tbat Harry deserved to hare bis love returned:' and Barns fed tbe flames, because he disliked. Harry, and feared that what seemed to ba right would triumph, and because he could not imagine anybody giving up a woman so tamely aa he thought Harry was giving^ up Anna. . '. ? Kight came at last. Harry bad bravely ful filled his part. He tadieaid to Anna ell ha bad intended to say. Inthe morning he had made hie little speech' without 'breaking; down. Anns, had .received 'back the ring, which Harry, months ago,: bad removed in sport from her finger. She bad rowed to wear it now tor his sake, and to ohtrish' for him a sisters love, Harry knew she would,he e aid— he wrs sure she would; but we must leave' w*uobuuj£ *\r iiiitt ?ifinjgiiiniiirii in inn iijoiittisTj mr TTP ^psisDvsritU this rapidly. Fill up the shading off v»ur sketch yourself, dear friecde. You may easily imagine how all (he servants cam* out to *wiah lit.' $hornhiU. good-bye, and how Anna Lea «tterwards«obbedin her uncle's arms, and prayed forHarry'ssafety. ?. ' Tlie. rtara shone down, upon Barry, and. Faul.and Bsrns, as they were whirled along from Denby State the cracking or Joe Wittie's whip, Harry flxsd his eye upon one which . he thought was the brightest, above Denby Bise, -nnd -watched it, wift aTstranBe sense of lonellnass ?'' '?) some. But other sb.TS cams Into view as he gazed, thousands, millions of them, ontil bis one bright star was lost amongst the sparkling worlds. He took bis disappearance as a token : it was better now that he should forget Anna ; it was better that there sboald be a* partfeater rftsr to point out where Denby Bise peered forth amongst the trees. . ' The carriage wheels rumbled over tbe stonw, ard the lamps made illuminated ghosts on tbe highway, through which passed *triiy wayfarers who said good-night to. the driver. Paul Uiisrey bad made up his mind to question Harry when they were on board the yachr,and satisfy himself, if possible, without baying to probe Anna's heart for the Jove which jealousy persuaded him was lurking there for Harry Thorn hill. ? . ? ? ? Arrived at Helswich a boat soon .carried them to Paul's yacht, which was lying out peacefully, beneath the stars, &A;*° |P?st dietiuico from the caverns in Denby Covis. About a milei beyond, the steamer would pass down tbe channel M miduleht, and weald sifnal anil wait for tbe passenger whom the captaia thought it s-i konoar and a pleasure to Mrvt. Bitra gro e was ? allowed to tbe small onw, a«4 Marry pt-wftrrssi that he and his two frinfs AesM ssnoke tkaii cifsrs on deck, the miest being »*r«cut»riy saild, Iaasiwt«iSH, f»ni, wrt* a torbsrousmlnsb hsiw, tarufS ft» eoaversatiea imte the cbennel wkich as4 bssa r«rssei by his jmlone fews. His blasMss sosA theaaswen appear unsatis factory. ? . . Waaa Marry bags* t» dinue tbe abject ?tbiB' fri«od'»-»6»rrifit-fons,ais fceart rsvolted at Paul's aawer&y; t*i»i«tojM. Ana wkes Paal Bsked him what as aiaaat by sayswr, f o Ana* Lee, / kntte y«u -atniiti, wkaa m atacst bis ring upon her finger, flsory ivs-»M»»re3 Wat-sons ' person had rJdwed thr«*$h the loosa durinc Hi* oonvwrsirtion with Aau ; aad be U'ouRSt ebat Paul had either been watchisg, or and seta s»y upcm nim, raised tbe sleeping itet withiBkira. tu replied to Paul, wilb scorn, aid ail he wsb uaworthy ef Aana Lee. Paul, wkose ast-hsadsd. rtiihaess sad been stimmltttd by wine, eddied threats to his de manae. Winford Barns said prevarication was fi sign of guilt. Harry's sense ef tbe wrong and injustice which had -been dona to Anna L«e could brook his ingrati tude no longer ; and he taunted PbbI contemp tuously witb meanness. Jlvt words fellow«4«nch other in rapid succes sion, balf-drowned by the loud choruses which tbe cr*w were singing below, aver their cups. ... At length Paul said ha would drag the secret from Harry, if it choked him. . . , Suddenly the two sprasg upon each other. . . . Them was a brief scuffle, and is acotherinstant Harry Thornhill dis appeared. ... 'Ahoy.'sboy! a boat, a bout! Mr. Tborobill overboard/exclaimed Winfnrd Bsrns. ' ' To the rescue 1' shouted Paul, springing to bis feet and rushing to the side, but prevented from leapjne after his victim by tba strong arm of Win ford Barns. ' Loose your bold, or by Heavens you shall re pent it,' gasped Paul between his teeth ; but Win ford only smiled, and gripped his companion the tighter. 'Quick t quick, lads, lower tbe boat, before this paiBioaate fool drowns himself to save his friend.' This sudden demand upon their energies seemed to sober 'the yateh'* «nw, and a boat with four men ia it speedily dropped apoa tba sullen tide. 'Don't be a fool, Paal, for God's sake !'said Win fnriV wVimi tbanfon wan ahantlntr and rowinc and searching the water. 1 Talk not of God— we ought to, speak in hell's name,' said Paul,4{s-TiDfr over the vessel's side. . 'If.you will compromise yourself, do,' said Win ford with a curse; *if you will proclaim yourself a murderer, lose your fair bride, «nd die on a scaffold, do It and fis^Tr.'ja*,^. t Forbid it, Heaven!' exclaimed Paul, in agony at the thought of such doom 'Forbiaft, ?Pata.y.assey.i forbfd it, Winford Barns,' said his eoiipanion ; for they only have the power,' .?''?«'-???; ? ? . ?Ob, God I that I had been the weaker. Why did you suffer this } . Why, when you saw my hot blood wag op— why aid you aot step between .^AndAave gona bverbaard tor mypalnj,' said: W»nf6ro;'cooly. '.'-,? ? / ? ?Heaven forgive-asa!' groaned Paul, ' thby are unsuccessful.' The moon looked 'put from behind a cloud and aade a Ions track across tbe water, and in its fitful radiance the boat-glided behind the stern of the yacht. It was ,-wft«. ,el»«r. tfiat th,* mitelon ot mercy was a frul was one. .' ' \ '. ' Paul hailed the boat, with a sinking heart, and received the sad reply that ' tbe poor gentleman must ha' sunk lika lead.* Paul heard tbe motion of their ears and tke. water lippling against tbe vessel ; as saw tksjrjeaB of pale s;ohl' disappear frem the sea ; he saw- tba moon hide her face ; he naara lue voices tn bib .cnw ; ne i«uine aana 01 Wiatord Barns Uwoa his'vbouhler : but, above all, ha tfeantht hejkeard and saw himself pronounced a Baara'erer. Thalatnra seeneii blotted ont,nnd so did tba f ast^arl «iaia via swallowed dp with aaafasrfBl efsat; Psai Aaitsy ha* killed his fria«4. 'Gom^.-mmm,' wUip«ra4 Wieifor^, ' you so* safe; kwatan, avak ware it arot sa, yoa did not ataaa «? kill kisa/ I did, I did— to that aaoment I could have kilted him twenty times and you know it" said Paul, furiously asisting Winford with a desperate grasp. There, there, don't be a fool - remember I am year friend, I alone know what has occured- remember that there is Aana Lee to live for.' A cold sickly chill ran through Paul's every vein and croded into his heart. 'Come, come,' said Winford once more, ' be a man,' . ' Be a man ' Never again — never again.' "Sruff. The idea of saying you meant to kill him.' ' I don't know what I say,' 