THE NOVELIST.; MISS VANDEUGHIFT'S. DIAMOND. : No inoro was - said at thut 'time,' Kilt Mux Bllontly felt then that a black, cloud was sot ling over Iiis darling. A darkness-that"mudo itself felt. ' Vague illusions und hints, or a. more marked avoidance of , subjects that might' . hove some bearing on tho circumstances, gave him an uncomfortable feeling, j no began by dofonding his love gallantly,-by holding fast as ho thought nn unconcludcd trust. But' slowly as tho stone is frottedj axrpy by the' continual dropping "of water, sa surely did tho home influences mid belief influence him ut Inst. Ho owned to himself that' it tuns a mys- terious thing ; thut it could notj bo accounted for; that to anyone who"did not know Alice , and lier worth it looked bhick'¡-.very black indeed 1 . », . ! For Alico Leroy was poor, living with her .widowed motlier in a tiny cottage on tho very outskirts of tho great city. Bringing letters te a few pf tho aristocratic families, they lind been j received, oh tho claims thoy seemed to hnvo to gentle birth and breeding, spitoof their humble Btylo of -living. Thoro was groat surprise lind a little mortification in tho hearts of some of tho patrician belles'when it«was known that . Max Vandorgiúf t, tho eaten ..of Ibo'season, had gone,down before the pnfn, bhid-eycd, slen- der girl, \vjit) had not an article in her wardrobe . in the latest style. Of ' course there were various forms, to be kent upf visits of congratulation which wore a hollow mockery, whose emptji words secni to awaken derisive echoes. Alico felt tho cold- ness of it all,-'and shivered in the now atmos- phere. For a long time Alico strove to hide tho truth that she was unwelcome, to satisfy herself that Mux/s heart was warm enough though all tho world were cold, but theró cunio a doy when sho deceived herself no longer; Max, withins innate love of comfortable things, .and his impressionable nature, had begun;to catch tho infection of his family. The chilli of suspicion had entered his heart. He began to feel uncomfortable in the girl's presence, und that fact was deadly to his love. Sho looked palo anti anxious, and self-reproncli was unplea- sant, so lie avoided her. At lust there carno a day, tho first chill day of Autumn, when a red leaf or two drifted down to tell tho story of coming decay and death, mid Mux was sum- moned by a little noto to his neglected love. Ho began to count the weeks since lie had seen her, und was conscience-smitten, and he com- menced marshalling his excuses in a hurried way. But they all deserted him when ho saw tho girl's taco. She wits waiting for him with what heart-throbs of agony he coule) never know, neither was it in hisnuturo to'iinderstiind. But . her face was very white, antUthefc were dark shadows about her eyes, and not,' tho faintest tint of tho sweet, wifd-roso bloom bia'hud once loved in her cheek. M.* - . ! Why, Alice,'havo you beoir sick,'!' ho asked, with'-real feeling in his voice. ' : | > ' ' ' No," I "don't think I am. reuily sick,' she answered, with n gentío puthoslin her tone, . mummil bolioves I am, and is going to take me somewhere South.' , ... ; 'Is not thut rather, a sudden decision,' ex- claimed Max, with surprise '.Yes, rather 1 but it will bo beat evory way. We Lave some friends in Virginia. And, Mux, I may as well hurry on to tho real object of my sending for you to-duy. It was .tto say Good- bye, not for u little timo, but.fpr airtime.' " , ' What -does fTiis mean ?' exclaimed Max, drawing himself up with,a hulf injured expres- sion. ;; ''.You must luivo-sceu how unwelcomo 1 nm to your fumily,',sho wont oii; 'for ionio reason thoy make me feel "there-is a .'greutlburrier be- tween us. I hayo fancied a.decided chango since tho day yoiii sister lost tho diamond. I suppose becauso on that day she Hikt heard of tho now rolntion you proposed, Ja'ld did not approve.' " * L Maxjooked into thc girl's'pure Juco as she Hpoko, und wondered if «lio lind diu 'faintest suspicion of tho true - reason for tito coldness. He decided tliut tho eyes wcre'innoiont ns an angel's ; but then that determined lie-tiling. *' I could not. I never could bo happy in n family whore'I was admitted on suU'riigo. I should grow silont and more shy and miserable every day. Max, it is best since they feel ns they clo, and I am not sure even pf you, that wo should part now.' .. Max was rather glad, ho could le indignant now, although touched moro than ho realised ut the thought of losing her. ' Alice-not sure of mo-what does that mean.' i 'Do you think you aro quite the same,' sho . Bnid, lifting her blue eyes with a shy, look, half sorrow, half reproach, 'quito so ''anxious to come-quito so sorry lo go? Am,I so mis »taken ? Were you not ruthi;.; ' \iistaten in tak- ing a passing fanoy for a stedfust loro V Something within tho young min's breast pleaded guilty to tho charge, v'but lib was'not bravo enough to confess. Besides/ tho girl's . ..".'Set face and tender voice hod uwnkencd for a timo tho old thrill in his heurt, mill ho suid, with'moro fouling : ' Alico, forgive mo ! I liavo acoinctl negligent -forget it, lot ull bo iva it waa. I cannot give you np,' and lio toole her hand tenderly. Alico nighed, mid loft her hand.in lila, but tho stodfust purpose inlier eyes did not waver. ' It is for good-bye, Mux,' she said, with a wistful 'pathos in her voice, ' let us get it over.'. . ^ ' Alico I I did not think it was in you to bu so hard/ cried tho young man, quit n roused by tho prospect of losing her into behoving that sho was tho'ono thing de'sirablo lu tho world. ' Since it must bo, I cannot prolong it,' sho Baid, growing paler; 'Mnx, I am not very Btrong,. you seo j there-Good-bye. May God bless you 1' . And tho next moment ho stood alono. Sho had loft him- to find his own way ont, left him in' truth to hide from him tho storm of sobs tlmt convulsed her- breast, thut hist look through such tours as flow but onco in a lifo, that ono blind ory of. passion'mid of pain . which- . ? ' , " Lilia bitter ncciinntinn unto donth, . Caught up tho whola ot lava,' sad uttered it Anti bado ftdlou tor ever I" . A year passed away-only a season of frost ? and slnigh-ridoB-of bursting'bilda-of sum mory bloom-of riponod sheaves.'to aomo, but fi'oightodwithhowmuolimoi-o tootiiuvs'. TuCllasy it hud brought tho fairy prlnco ; and sho wore a! solitaire o von larger than tho ono she hud; ? lost, and v/na-Koon to bc ninrrlcd. j To Mux j it had brought only bittor nicinoricH of ú i Hweot faoo nnd ii tender voice, nilli ho grow ' cynical and ill-humoured ai tho préparations *. foi' tho wedding went on, To Muster .Fred it had. brought incrauuu of stature und of slang ; but ho, was vory happy in tho bustle und tho preparation, for * tho, old , house ? was to bo '.renovated ,and put'.in" bridal 'array..,; Grand, cold, a,nd stately ns a Dowager., Queon.it was; but it miist lay. asido for . the' formal 'dross of tho past,' and don something inoro in-keeping with,the bright.lifo of to-day.; 'So there.wore rich and glowing papers put rm the walls, and delicately-shaded puint, and gilded chandeliers hung, .,ttnd tho^dld niantfo-pieces, which seemed always shrugging their líígh shoulders at-,tho'iñiiovatiorís,.,wór,o'takcn down. Fred was* in high favoiiK with tho workmen, and took in his whole army of puppets to perform a play for thom. ' tho boss-mn'son was ojegnnt in his eonversatidn, and oven borrowed a French word now and thonj pronounced in primitive stylo. ' ?. - . Fred introduced his'various puppets : " This follow in a black dress is a priest, nnd hero's my beautiful young lady, and hero's tho dovil -ho's'h French devil.' ' Oh, ho's quito re-churchy,' said tho boss mason. . .».': ?¿4' Bedud ! tho. ould gintlomau's 'ris blnok ns he's painted,' cried another grinning. Cissy glanced in atv this moment. 'Oh, docs it look as if it over could bo in order by tho 25th, mummil V sho cried, in' dismay,. ' Freddy, you naughty, boy, what aro you doing in all this dust .'!' ; i . Oh, now, you go awiiy by-and-byo you'll havo nnother fellow to order round,' exclaimed Fícddy in an injured tono. . « %'I assure you, ^madame,' said the elegant boss-mnson* ' that we shnll soon olear away tho 1 dobray ' when tho now mantle is erected.' .' Ho, ho, .what a nit 1' cried Fred, looking down,_;: 'Good gracious I 'you fulled that old muntloiiieco out liko a tooth. Wonder if it hurt V And in his* wonder Fred allowed the old battered devil ho held hi his blind to fall head first into what tho boss-mason styled tho 'dobray.' Ho set up,a Jiowl ut once, for his alTections still clung to tho evil-ono, and ho hud recently made it ' a' suit of flume-coloured, iluunel. The boss-niason gallantly rescued tho fallen fiend. ' ' ' Hullo !'ho cried, as ho picked it up/ i'1 What is this V . ~ , AVhnt was it indued 1 A ring-a diamond ring ! A grand solitaire, that sparkled and throbbed with a soul of lire. Cissy gnsped as sho saw it, and could not speak. Mrs. Vandergrift carno forward. 'Your ring, .my dear 1 It must havo rolled down in tho crack of that old mantlepicce, botweon it nnd tho wall ; but I never dreamed that it was largo enough.' ' We lind odd things in these old houses,' said tho boBS-mason. ' Found a will the other dny-behiud just such an old mnntlcpieco as this.' * ' Oh, mamma ?',_exclaimed Cissy, with a sob, ' think how cruel wo^were, how unjust. Poor Alice ! I can never forgivo myself I And Mi^x -he is not like tho sumo fellow.' 'No, ho is sadly changed,' said thu mother, with clim eyes ; ' and tho poor girl is gone-we can novcr make amends.' 'But Max thought otherwise. In a storm of self-reproach ho set out at once for the Virginian town where he heard tho motlier and daughter luid finally made their homo. Ho had not quite lost sight of them, but nothing had como to him for a long timo. It whs night when ho reached tho spot-a murky night of fog and mist. Tho lights in the houses twinkled feebly through tho vapor- ous air-the distancé was nil blotted ont as with a wee sponge. But he fourni tho ho.UHÜ'tt¿Mry,ij--p»'i :;j<<..' 11 mt. its lights still burnell. Indeed lhere seemed unusual stu' und bustle in its rooms, and ho heard the tread of feet on tlm'-stairs. A decent person in black answered his 'knock. ' Miss Alice Leroy 1' sho said, with a puzzled look. ' Lor' sir») the poor lamb hus just breathed her last J been iit a declino for six months, and went oil as quiet us" un angel, which she ! was, five minutes ugo.' Max staggered ligninst the doorway.] Dead 1 Then he was a murderer, for he felt sure in his inmost heart thut grief rather {hun disease had preyed upon that gentle life.« Sensitive us a flower, a breath of suspicion had blasted her, und sho hud fuded away. ' If you'd como to-morrow,' said the woman, 'you might seo her, und her mother I know is too much overcome to be ublo now for visitor!.! 'Oh, no, liol I would not disturb her for tho world 1 It is no uso. lt is too Jute-too lute 1' And lia turned uwtiy feeling ns though tho bitterness of death .had entered his heart. Never nguiu could it beat with the old free, cure- less happiness. For there wus a ghost there thut would not bo luid. It t urned tho decorated' viands of the wedding-feast to funeral meiiti« lt sat ut his board like sorrow, dim and crowned for ninny ti year. « / 1 It winwill that devil,' suid Cissy, with wu's in her oyes'mi her.'very wedding-day. ' Junt Nar, you must seo it, and that you wem tho causo of tho whole. For, if that fien/ hud nover entered tho house, Fred would'lift have'" set himself on bro"; 1 should not huvr/rushed up from Alieo in (hut luckless way. Nothing would hovu happened that did huppe/. Poor, sweet Alico ! what wretches woloroi'-i". A. Illustrated iW. /.' 