RELIGION AND FREE THOUGHT. CONTROVERSY BETWEEN MR. J. TYERMAN AND DEAN RUSSELL. The hundred persons who attended the free thought lecture at the Liedertafel Hall on Sunday evening, June 29, had a little more for their slXDennY or shilling admiaainn fees thn they expected. Tney haa an hour and a haif's lecture on ' Free Thought versus Fettered Thought' by Mr. J. Tyerman, the spiritualistic and free-thought lecturer, and afterwards they listened to an hour's controversy between the lecturer and the Very Rev. Dean Russell, who entered the meeting after church service had closed. Each disputant found friends among the audience, though, as might have been expected on such an occasion, the lecturer met with mare applause than the Churchman. The Dean, however, was. accorded a very patient hearing, and some of his remarks were received with acclamation, their breadth and liberality evi dently surprising some of the freethinkers. There were about a dozen ladies present. The lecturer dispensed with the services of a Chair man, and began his address as soon as the meeting opened. 'He said that in most free-thought and spiritualistic meet ings in Sydney, as well as in America and in England, the proceedings were usually opened by singing. He regarded this plan as a good one, and would therefore be glad to form a volunteer choir during his stay in Adelaide. Mr. Tyerman began his lecture by defining free thought. He said it was not the naked infidelity that some people believed it to be. It was not disbelief in God or the abandonment of a belief in any form of religion. It did not neces sarily lead to any of these things. He knew there were many freethinkers who had become atheists; but, on the other hand, there were quite as many freethinkers who were neither atheists nor materialists. Free thought might even lead a man to accept Christianity, but it had not done so in his case, nor was it likely to do in many instances, if it did, however, he would respect and honour such a Christian. Free thought meant that men should be allowed to exercise their reason freely and fully, with out creedal limitations, dogmatic assumptions, or threatened pains and penalties. The only limitation was that the freethinker should give others equal liberty to think for themselves even though they arrived at totally different conclusions. If they did not do so they were guilty of the worst intolerance and bigotry. He claimed Jesus Christ to have been the first great freethinker, and to have been martyred for his courage in opposing the religious doctrines and practices of his age. By his grand genius and lofty principles He ini tiated the first great departure from the Judaic polity, the underlying principle of which was that the Jews were God's peculiar people. Christianity would have done far more for the world had Paul aud Peter and some of the earlier disciples of Christ not been so narrow aud ex clusive as they were, and thus corrupted the liberality and catholicity of Christ's teachings Paul was certainly not a free thinker. He had written some grand words, but his opposition to free thought was proved by his saying that if any one should preach 'another gospel' (than the one Paul believed) he should be accursed. After speaking of the fettering of free thought in the dark ages, the lecturer said the Reformation was a grand movement, to which we undoubtedly owed much of our present civil and religious liberty. (Applause.) Luther and his coadjutors never dreamt that their principles would have been carried to the excess they had been; but their grand central claim— the right of private judgment — was the great principle of free thought. (Hear, hear.) Up to that time the Church of Komt had denied that principle, had chalked out man's path, and had given the keys of a certain door to Peter, and said he had a right to admit or exclude those who sought admission there. Protestants were illogical when they professed to be followers of Luther and yet defined a limit beyond which private judgment should not go. The last century witnessed a marvellous impetus to free thought (then under that name) through the teachings of Voltaire, and other great and good men who looked up to him as their leader. Many people pointed to the French revolution as an outcome of free thought. 'While not defending the excesses then carried on, he could not help thinking of the priestcraft and kingcraft which brought that terrible struggle to pass. Tom Paine and his ' Age of Reason' had done more to popularize free thought than perhaps any other man. And during the last fifty or sixty years there had been a great free-thought struggle going on among scholarly minds in Germany, where the axe was laid to the root of the tree of Christianity and even Godhead, and where the freethinkers were no longer content with lopping off dead or dying branches. In England G. J. Holyoake and Charles Bradlaugh had done much for free thought, and in the realm of spiritualism it had been helped on by such men as Robert Dale Owen and Andrew Jackson. He said that nine-tenths of the scientific discoveries and inventions were the work of freethinkers, who were almost always opposed by the Church, which only yielded up point after point as it was wrung from it. As Copernicus and Galileo were persecuted of old, so had men of science been in later times as they showed that the world was not made in six days, that nature worked by law, that epidemics were not judg ments of God, and that ' special providences' had no more to do with sickness and death than the man in the moon. A few years ago the Bible was regarded as directly inspired by God to the dotting of every i and the crossing of every t. But free thought had pointed out its blots and its irreconcilable contradictions, till now the ' perfect book' was sent to the revisers, who would, no doubt, improve it. The God now taught by the Church was not the God of a century ago. He was a different being alto gether. The angry, vindictive God was not now the ideal God. The God of the Christian Church of the 19th century was a nobler being— a God of love and a Universal Father. The devil, too, was less talked of, and the same with eternal punishments — the never dying worm and the unquenchable fire. If mentioned at all now, the devil was only referred to in a kid-glove fashion. (Laughter.) And all these changes— changes for the better — had been brought about by free thought, and ' in the very teeth of orthodox fettered thought.' Some of the fetters still binding thought were— the assumption that the Bible was the word of God ; that Christianity was of divine origin ; thtat certain doctrines, such as the Trinity, were above men's minds; and that reason was carnal and not to be depended on unless it led men to the Church, in which case they were of course justified in using reason as a God-given faculty. The lecturer concluded by urging his hearers to use their reason in all things, to cheerfully allow others to do the same, and thus to ' learn as much as they could from the great volume of nature which ever spreads its golden leaves around us. ' (Ap plause ) The Viiy Kcv. Dm Pit'SSKXi., luviag oskcu perujitaioii lo ?peul'., s.'-.id Le \v.vS sure the pre j-encc ot so n'.iiiv persons iii t3int room iailioit.;d u (lesiieou their psrt to seaich for truth and protest H^aicst error. 1I-_- would therefore be excused ii he said th;it the lecturer hid misrcpri_senU;i] the views of orthodox Christians in a. few par ticulars. The- first was in regard to the in tipiration of the Bible. The Church of England. which occupied a conspicuous place among the Churches, did not teach the literal inspiration of the Bible. It the fcrmui.is of that Church were examined it would be found that no theory of inspiration was laid down. It was ieft an open question. The idea of the literal inspiration was one that to intelligent Church man would hold. He beleived the history and the facts It contained were inspired; but he did nob think any one would accept every word as infallibly correct because it was in the Bible. (.Applause.) As to the divine orijin of Christianity, he did not understand why the lecturer called that an assumption. Christians did not assume it; they believed it. Nor did they deny the office of reason in reference to it. They exercised reason, aud in the exercise of it had cause to believe that in the history of the world Christianity had estabiished itself as a revelation from God. (How, hear.) He asked freethinkers to exercise their reason on the history before them. He had done so. He had found Jesus Christ appearing in the world and making certain pretensions — one of which was that he came from God. There were certiiu historical evidences which he had con sidered, and by the unbiassed exercise of his reason he had come to the conclusion that Jesus did come from God, and brought a revela tion with him. 'What right, therefore, had he (Dean Russell) to be regarded as an illustration of fettered thought because be was a Christian believer? (Hear, hear.) There was no oppor tunity of entering into the question of tbe evidence at that meeting— nor would he think it right to do so ; but he wanted to deliver the friends present from the false idea that Christians restricted the exercise of free thought by inter posing an a priori argument. John Stuart Mill, one of the greatest of modern freethinkers, had said that after clearing away all the Church's claims the figure of Jesus Christ stood out a unique figure, having in it sanity of the divine with the human. If John Stewart Mill had come to that conclusion from the history before him, it was too much to say that Christian believers were resting their faith on a mere assumption. (Hear, hear.) With re ference to the Trinity, he believed that to be a revelation. But when once he had settled that Christ gave a revelation from God, then if there were some supernatural alements into the depths of which his reason could not explore, he was bound to believe tbe facts though he could not account for them. If they believed in a God and a first cause in nature, they had there a thing utterly incomprehensible. Not one of them could get to the root of this first cause. They saw the evidence of a creative designing mind, but God was incomprehensible to them. It was the; same with the Trinity as it was, indeed, with the body and soul — two lives in one — one of which would soon die, while the other would pass beyond the grave and live on. (Hear, hear.) He did not denounce them for one moment for searching for truth ; but he asked them not to confound the narrow bigotry of some Christians with the intelligent faith of others. He admitted that he believed in creeds — in the Nicene Creed, for instance. But he was not fettered by it. That creed was the outcome of three centuries of free thought, and it was adopted because the great majority of the Christian world of that day came to the conclusion that its doctrine was a part of the Christian revela tion. He hoped that those whom he was now addressing would seek after truth and not merely to avoid as adversary. He hoped they wculd consider that these questions involved their welfare here and hereafter. (A voice — ''Kb.') He would not dispute with the gentleman who said ' No,' but to those who did believe in a hereafter he would say that these were serious questions, involv ing our future life. He did not mean to say that that life would be determined by the orthodoxy of their belief ; he had never preached such a doctrine. But he did say that in pro portion as they believed in God and received the Christian religion much of their course in life would be determined and much of their happi ness hereafter would be affected. By denuncia tions of future judgment he would not attempt to sway the minds of men from the exercise of free thought; but he asked them to remember that there was great responsibility resting on the exercise of those great God-given faculties. As to consecration, he asked them to look at that question as sensible men. When a church or piece of ground was consecrated, it was set apart for a particular purpose like our Courts of justice, and no one would think it an interference with free thought if permission to use our Law Courts for balls or entertainments was refused. (Hear, hear.) Any one who represented consecration in a different light represented it in a superstitious manner. He hoped that what he had said would not give offence, and that those in that assembly would distinguish between tbe Christian faith of the intelligent among them and that repre sented by the extravagant, ignorant, and bigoted. (Applause.) Mr. Tyebman said he was obliged to the rev. gentleman for the gentlemanly and be coming spirit of bis remarks. Had there been more of that spirit manifested by other clergymen in times past there would n«t now be the antagonism that unfortunately existed between the Churches and those outside. But he differed from the rev. gentleman's views. He bad said that his Church did not at present believe in the plenary inspiration of tbe Bible. Dean Russell — It is left open. AJr. TvEitiiAif said mauy clergymen still held the belief, and the Church held it almost unani mously till comparatively recent times, and then it would not have been conceded but for the persistent action of those outside the pale of the Church. And was it not a fact that at the present time the strongest Church (numerically) still held this position ? He could not sec the dif rtreuce between the belief of the- rev. gentienmi .md an assumption. As he had said at the early part of his lecture, a man might become * Christian solely by a free-thought pro cess ; but this did not often happen, izid he questioned whether it would have hap pened in the rev. gentleman's case had his mind not previously been influenced by early training. He gladly oonceded to Christians the right to belief in Christ's divinity if they desired to do to, but he did not think they ought to threaten t.im with pains and penalties because he re garded the evidence as insufficient. (Hear, hear. ) There was no doubt that John Stuart Mill nad altered his opinions, but he did not admit more than many freethinkers. He regarded Jestis as a man essentially and a noble martyr. He (Mr. Tyerman) held Christ in high admira ?ion in some respects, and followed some of his precepts practically, b :t it did not folluw that he must worship him as incarnate Deity. To ?lo so would, in his opinion, be idolatry. (Hear, hear.) As for the Trinity, the rev. gentle man bad said that having agreed to believe in rhe Eible he accepted the Trlnitv. Dean Rvssbll— What I said was, having agreed to accept the message Christ brought I accepted the Trinity. Mr. Ttehman was glad to be corrected, but must say there was really no analogy between the soul and body and the Trinity in- Uiiity. The three persons in the Trinity were as independent aa any three persons in that room. (Dean Russell— 'No.') He maintnined that the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit were three distinct person.?. (Hear, hear.) The scheme of redemption necessitated three persons. There was first the Father, who wss offended and demauded a sicrifice. Secondly, there w»s the Son, who came to bs the sacrifice. God could not sacrifice a part of himself. (Dean Russell— 'Yes/') He differed from the rev. gentleman. There must be two persons. The one who offered the sacrifice could not be the Person on the throne who required it. And tbe Holy Ghost was a third God ; and therefore those who worshipped the three were guilty of idolatry. (Hear, hear.) He did not object to the rev. gentleman believing in the Niccne Creed, but he objected to being told that he would be punished because, after using his reason, he could uot accept it. And it was the same in regard to the Athauasian Creed, aud to the Bible — tbe gre.it creed ot Christendom. If the rev. gentleman would allow him to exercise his reason on this look, and accept its teach iu-;s or not according to the evidence as it ap^t-art-ii to his mind, then all ccuirovc-ray between tiiein would cease. As :o consconitioa, there was really uo analogy 'r.etweou a Court of Justica aud *. Charch or .??er.ofcerated burial ground. As he had said before the: rev. y»-nt-lenmi arri^H, when the i;ronr.d was consecrated the Church's clergv tvould not hI-ow heietics or unbepti/.ed :nf:\ut3 to be buried therein. Although ?:he rev. gentleman rr-iijht be advanced L-noni;h to r.diuifc there was no special sanctity ab.mt a consecrated Church or ironnd ? (Dean Russell- 'But I don't.1*) Thou, if they would not allow the Christian and the infitlel to sleep .side by .side in the same grave yard, it followed tint if they had the pawer they would cot allow them to mingle together as spirits in the saiuo heaven before the throne of God. (.^pplanse) The lecturer closed the meeting by expressing his thanks to Dean Russell for ' contributing to the edification' of the audience, and by an nouncing that his next lecture would bj oa ?' llediumshi}), or how to communicate with 