[?] NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. Br Monoobb D. Conway. Ik tho will of Napoleon III. oeonrs the following remarkable passage: — 'With re gard to my son, let him keep as a talisman tho Boal I used to wear attaohed to my watch, and whioh ioomos from my mother; lot him oaretully ' preserve everything that comes to me from tbo Emperor, my unole ; and let him be oonvinoed tiiat'my heart and uujr ouiu icLumu ttahu jjiuj* iuu vuiu^ruLu from Cape Town 'which announosd the find ing of tho late ex-Prinoe Imperial contains thoso words : ' Tho Prince's body was found stripped of all olothmg, but had not suffered any mutilation, and tbe reliquary whioh he wore suspended by a chain1 from hia neok, togother with his watoh and rings, was found lying near the spot where he fell.' The ' talisman' whioh the lata Emperor bo solemnly enjoined his son to wear, whioh ho did wear, and; which returns to his mother from that wild Boene besido the Tombakala, ia almOBt oortainly the onoe famous obarm of Charlemagne. It has a more intereating story than any gem in Europe, if not in the world. In the course of studies for 'other purposes I have recently oome upon legendary traoss of this curious objeot. ' La plua belle relique de l'Europo,' as a Frenoh antiquariau desoribed 'it in the last generation, was by one myth ssid to have been contrived by one of the Magi belonging to the oourt of Haroun-al- Basoliid, who came from tho East to pay homage to the great Emperor of tho WeBt aldng with certain ambaasadors. The wifo of Charlemagne, Fastrada, aBked the Magi for a taliamun whioh would always cause her husband to bo fascinated by its wearor, and this obarm was framed at her instance. But another fable ascribed to it the following origin. While Oharlemaguo had his seat at Zum Looh, near Zurioh, administering exact justice to all, he had a oolumu fixed at his gates with a ball and a rope. ;It was open to anyone de manding justice to sound this bell ; und when the Emperor heard it, even though at his meals, he would instantly answer the summons. On ono ocoasion this bell was repeatedly rung without any person being found near it. At length an enormous serpent was found twined around the rope. The Emperor, hearing this, immediately went forth ; the Berpent inolined respeotfully before him, and then moved slowly off ; Charlemagne followed it to the river, where, he saw a monstrous toad sitting upon the neat and eggs of tho serpent. Besolved to administer justice to all creatures, the Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A few days after, this serpent orept into tbe judgment-hall, bowed low to the Emperor, orept upon the table, and having dropped a preoious stone into a golden goblet, glided quietly away. The Emperor, impressed by this marvel, built on the spot where the serpent's nest had been a oliuroh oalled ' ' Wasserkeloh.' He gave tho preoiouB stone to his beloved spouse, Fastrada. The stone so drew toward her the Emperor's love that he oould hardly Buffer her out of his Bight. In the hourof ber death, the Empress, dreading lest another should sucoeed her in tbe affeo tions of the Emperor, plaoed tbe gem beneath ber tongue, and it was bnried with her. Charlemange could not separate himself from the body, and for eighteen years oarried it about with him. At length hiB confessor, by some blaok art, discovered the stone and itB virtues ; after whioh Charlemange allowed the body to be interred, aud transferred his affeotion to the oonfesaor, who beoamo his Prime Minister, Arohbishop of Mainz, and Chancellor of the Empire. But then, either in a moment of repentance or anger, thia individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingethiim. Then the affeotion of Charle mange was diverted from his former favourite 10 tne lage, anil ne nunc oesiae it a paiaoe, for whose deooration his other imperial residences wero made bare. But when Charlemange oame to die, his throes were long and violent ; and the archbishop, knowiog the oauae, had the lake dragged for the gem he hud thrown into it. The talisman having been restored to the person of the monarch, he died peauefully (1814). The tomb of Charlemagne, at Aixla Chapelle, was opened by Otto III. in 997, and it is Slid that tho wonderful gem was fouod suspended from his neok. However that may be, the gem had been for a long time the most valued rtlio in Aix-la-Chapelle when it was presented by that city to Napoleon I. It was at a moment when he seemed to many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of Charlemagne. Napoleon pre sented it to his favourite Hortenae, ci-devant Queen of Holland. At her death, in 1837, it passed to her son, Napoleon III. It shared his imprisonment at Ham, and accompanied him through all his vioissitudes. In tho ooarse of its long history the preciouB stone has undergone evolutions. The nut-like Btone constituting its basis is surrounded by aatique filigree of fine gold, and is set with various gems. There are several rolica about it. In tbe centre is a portion of tbo Holy Cross. Posaibly it gained its sanotity after loaing its virtues as a love oharm. Some of the variants ot its legend look as if its virtues had gone into tbo thermal waters of Aix-la-Chapelle, whioh would acoount for the association of the ser pent with it — of old the guardian of wells. At any rate, HortenBe had an experienoe ot its attraotive powers widely different from that of Fastrada. The Magian amulet oould not co-operato with the true oross, and HortenEO was divorced from her husband in 1810\. It appears to have had equally little of the power originally ascribed to ib iu tho case of tho late Emperor. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so. eol emnly about it in his will (dated 21th April, 1865), he wroto sadly in another clause of the same instrument that 'contemporaries seldom render (one) justice,' and ' it is necessary to consider tbat from Heavon on high those whom you have loved regard and protect you ; it ia tho soul of my illus trious uncle that has always inspired and sustained me.' Whether the late Emperor would have ex presaed himself bo strongly abont the talis man if his will had been written after Sedan, is questionable. It is open to speculation how far tho young ex-Princo was influenced by this talisman. That whioh his father wore at his watoh chain tho son woro suspondod upon hia breast, as Catholics wear tho moat sacrod reliquaries in whose promo tive: virtuea thoy believe. Tho strun.ro mystical addresses to the Deity found among this youth's papers reveal a degreo of superstition about himself whioh amounts to a psychological phonomonon. At tho seat of war in Afrioa he displayed a reoklossness whioh has led some to beliovo that his desire to do 'something to got himself talked about' (words reported from him by his intimate friend M. Amiguos) amounted to insanity, while othors believe that ho sought deijth. But it is possible that a natural rashness of disposition, and tho tradition that a Napoloon must begin with a military halo, were turnod to fatal forces by Beoret faith in the potenoy of this talisman. There is, I think, no reason to suppose that the Bonaparte family aro by naturo more BnperBtilious than otherB. It would rather appear that Imperialism itself is a great B'Jperstition, and that all who beoome beirs to it find themselves brought into a weird realm of shadows, wbioh beoome potent through belief in their reality. On the day when the telegraph brought news ot the finding of the young pretender's body, I was present at a performance of Victor1 Hugo'sjJiZcniani by the ComCdie Frangaise, London. Tbe royal box waB filled, and those in it bad an opportunity of learning the' primitive sense of that imperialist title whioh Lord BeaoonBfleld lately hung round the neck of Viotoria as a talisman to win the homage ol India. Don Carlos enters the tomb ot Charlemange a King ; he oomes out an Emperor. The King had been a contemptible wretob, assailing the vittuo of a helpless lady, separating hor from ber lover, albeit the latter had spared his life ; the Em peror is noble, raises tho lovers to dignities, and unites them. In tho romantio imagination even of Viotor Hugo, fifty years ago, thore was a divinity hedging about an Emporor. When tho three strokes of the distant boll have announced that the eleotion haB fallon on Don Carlos, and he suddenly appears at the door of the mausoleum, where he had seoreted himself to overhear his oonspirators, thoso men, bravo and wronged, aro para lysed in his presence, their lights go out, their weapons are lowered. Behind tho Emperor is not only Obarlomagno, but a long prooession of majestio ghosts who in their day vindicated the man in whom was nobility agninst the man who was ia the nobility. The mediaival strugglo between the hereditary ohief and the ohicf Dei gratia is now represented by tho rivalry between logilimaoy and a government ' by the will of God and tbo Fronoh peoplo and as in thefar past Pretenders looked for signs from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigroeB, even now we find ancient auporstitions hovering , around Imperial, long after they havo left merely royal houses. Not long ago the littlo Prince Waldemar died at Berlin. Next day it was telegraphed over Europo that a soldier on night-watoh had seen 'the White Lady.' When tho Prinoe of Waloa was supposed to be dying at Sand ringham, he had a no more diatinguiahed banshee than a dog, whose howling one night sounded over England next day. Nor can I learn that there has been any apparition of the White Lady announcing a death until the Kiug of Prussia became the Emperor of Germany. Tho White Dove whioh the Bona partist reporter of the Gaulois Baw descending upon St. Augustine Church, in Paris, on tbo ocoaBion of the Bequiem for the Prince Imperial, might at hrat be BuppoBed a mere competitor with the White Lady. So long aB a supernatural messenger is maintained in the imperial livery on the right bank of the Bhine, it can hardly bo expected that suoh a dignity will bo dispensed with on the left bank, especially since it is very oheap. But really theeo apparitions have no connection except in the primitive mental and moral habitat of imperialism; wherever that ancient atmnsphero receives a shock, these old mythic bats are startled, and flit about, and then subside till — tho next timo. But they report just what is ever present iu tho imperialist mind, detaohing it from the every day light of common-Bense and republican principle. Tne White Lady ia a survival from tho Norse goddesB Fngga, the wife of Odin. When Odin, or Woden, was diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Fiigga was declared by the Christian misBiouaries to be a Bhe devil. But this degradation Buooeeded but slowly. Frigga had been a sweet Madonna to tho Germans, and when she ceased to be worshipped she beoame tho Good Fairy. She wus even believed in some regions to have beoome a proselyte of the Christian I fai tli . and tn nltanrl tiiA hnntiam nf Vi»r - favourites. From being the proteotor of all German households, she became the gaardian of the imperial family, whioh represented all families. Tnis popular superstition was fostered in high plaoes, since it invested the throne with an association of antiquity, and also of original connection with the peasantry. The tradition had its utility once, and is now a survival. The White Dove oomes from the anoient Christian heavenB, and in imperial Bymbol ism has alwayB been supposed to bring the divine sanction whioh it brought at the baptism of Christ — ' This is My beloved Son 1' It is said that to aoquire this sanotity Mahommed trained a whito pigeon to peroh on his Bhoulder. A white dove iB Baid to have brought the orism at the baptism of Clovis, founder of the Frenoh monaroby ; and a whito dove was oarved on the Boeptre of Oharlemaane. as founder of the German Empire. Whito doves were Baid to havo oome to bear the soul of Louis of Thoringia to heaven — a legend remembered in the departure of Lohengrin in a boat drawn by white doves. The symbol was adopted by the conatitutiou of tho Order of the Holy Ghost in the fourteenth oentury. At the oonaeoration of monarohs in Franoo it has always been the custom to let loose white pigeons in the ahuroh. In England this oustom is faintly remembered in that of bearing tho dove sceptre before a monaroh at consecration. In Franco, where these tradi tions posBeBS the greatist intensity, there is Btill a feeling among Imperialists that the Holy Ghost must prooounoe in favour of eaoh emperor who oluims to rale above hereditary kings. Whenever there is an inward appeal of this kind for a sign from heaven, the answer to it is pretty sura to ba received — either by the artifice of politicians, or through the potent vision of faith, whioh generally sees what it haB a mind to. 