FKANCE. MAESHALL MACMAHON'S GHOST STORY. A 'correspondent -of the New York World tells the following : One day, when talking with a well-known man in London, the sub ject of Spiritualism came up. Referring to the late Emperor Napoleon's belief in' the great delusion of the day, my friend told me that ho was once at a grand dinner in Paris at which many notables were present, and the following incident occurred : A member of the imperial court was tolling about Mr. D. D. Home's exnloitsnt thr- Tnilorii-s ?. hmv that in his presence a table was caused to float from the floor to the coiling with the Emperor seated upon it, and by no visible' power, and other similar tales. When the gentleman bad finished, Marshal MacMahon who was present, said, ' That reminds me of. an experience of mine, which was as follows : — It was when I was a sub officer in. Algiers that the affair I am about to speak oil took place. The men of my command were mostly natives, and we had been much troubled by the large number of deaths and mysterious disappear ances which had taken place among them, and we had taken great pains to find out the causes, but were unable to do so. I had understood that the men were given to the practice or necromancy and the worship of strange gods. Indeed, I had myself seen many remarkable feats performed by them, and it was therefore no great surprise to me when an old sergeant who had heard me express my intention to ferret out the mys teries came to me, and in a timid manner suggested that it was generally believed by the soldiers that a certain corporal could tell more about them than an}' one else, if he chose. This corporal. I had noticed as a man who did his duty perfectly, but had little or nothing to say to any one, and always went about alone. He was from the interior of Africa, tall, gaunt, with long, clear-cut features of remarkably stern expression, and the most remarkable ej^es I ever beheld. Indeed, it was not extraordinary that he should be said to have ' the evil eye,' for if any one ever possessed that power it was he. ' Bent on finding out the mysteries, I sent for the corporal and told him I had under stood that he could tell me about them, and that he must do it. At first he appeared confused and began to mutter to himself, finally saying ho knew nothing about the matter ; but when I, putting on my sternest look, told him that I knew he could make an explanation, and that unless he could do so I would have him punished, he drew himself up, and giving me a long and penetrating look, said that being punished would make no difference to him, but that if I was so anxious to know the mysteries I must go with him alone to a certain place at midnight, when the moon was in the third quarter, if I had courage enough to do so without telling any one of my object or trip, and that then he would show me the causes of the deaths and disappearances ; otherwise he would tell me nothing, punish him as I might. 'Without acceding to or refusing his strange request I dismissed him, and ponder ing on his proposal, I walked towards the mess. The place the corporal had men tioned was a clump of half-a-dozen trees situated about three-quarters of a milo out side of our lines on the edge of the desert. At first I was inclined to think that it was a plot to rob or murder me, and my impulse was to think no more of it ; accordingly I told tho officers at the mess, and various was the advice I received, some to go, and some not. However, on thinking the matter over, I resolved not to appear afraid to go, at any rate, so after having quietly examined the spot to see if there were any pitfalls or chance of ambush, and finding the ground smooth and solid, and no chance of approach in any direction without discoveiy, I re solved to go, and sending for the corporal, told him my intention of accepting his proposal. As he turned away I noticed his eyes gleam with almost fiendish delight, which was not calculated to reassure me. On the appointed night I started out with him, and nothing was said by either until we reached t do spot; here his manner suddenly changed, and from tho sub dued and almost servile bearing of the soldier became stern aud authoritative. He tl|en ordered mo to remove evory thing metallic from my person ; at this 1 felt sure that he had a plan to rob me, but as I had gone too far to withdraw, and partly thinking it might be only a part of his performance to require this, I accordingly took off my sword and my purse and watch from my pocket, and bung them on a convenient branch, thinking this would be enough; but he insisted that I must remove everything metallic, or all would be in vain. I then took off everything except my underclothing, and said everything was gone. At this he appeared pleased, and stripped himself entirely; then drawing a circle around himself on the ground, he com manded me that watcver should happen, I should not venture within it. ' He then said he was prepared, and would make everything clear to mo provided I said nothing and did nothing. Then, naked nq l-r- w.iw Kfnnrluicr nn t.TiA crraut' Iia liprrnn n series of incantations, and, standing up straight in front of me and looking mo in the eye, he suddenly became rigid and as sud denly disappeared like a flash. Until then the moon was shining brightly around, and his form stood out clear-cut against the sky, but as I rubbed my eyes to look it suddenly became dark, and a clap of thunder sounded, after which it became clear again, and as it did so a column of smoke arose from where the man had stood, This gradually resolved itself, strange to say, into the man himself, but he appeared transfigured ; his face, which before was stern, had now become fiendish and terrible, and bis eyes flashed fire. 'As I looked his gaze transfixed me and my hair began to rise. As his look continued I heard screams as of agony, and his expres sion suddenly changing to one of terror, he cried, pointing to my breast. ' You have lied, you have lied.' As he said this there was a flash of light with a loud report and he had again disappeared, and all was clear moon light around. As he had pointed to my breast, I involuntarily put my hand up and felt a little leaden medal of the Virgin under my shirt, which I had quite forgotten when removing my clothes. Almost thunderstruck with the whole scene, seeing no man visible and fearing then an attack, I rushed to the tree where mj1- things were. I seized my sword, and was astonished to find it so hot that I could hardly hold it. Calling aloud the man's name I ran quickly around the clump of trees and looked in vain in every direction for him. The moon was then shining brightly, and any dark figure running or lying down could, easily be seen on the light sand. Seizing my clothes I hastily pulled them on and ran As fast as I could to the barracks. At once I called out the gxiard, and, mounting myself, gave orders to scour the country in every direction, and bring every one found to me. But it was all in vain, for after hours' search ing, no traces could be found of any one, and all I had for my pains was that the men, surprised at my sudden appearance and strange orders, simply supposed that I had become temporarily insane. I said nothing, however, and the next day after roll-call tlie corporal was reported absent. I had search quietly made for him for some time, but he has never turned up from, that day to this.' Silence reigned for some time at that table, various dignified heads were scratched and quizzical expressions assumed. Finally the silence was broken by the question. ' How do you account for it, marshal ?' The marshal quietly smiled and said, ' I don't account for it.' And your watch.' said another gentleman. ' Ah,' replied the marshal, ' that is what I consider the most remarkable thing. The next day when I went back to the place I not only found my watch and the remainder of my things, but the corporal's things were also there and the whole place seemed undisturbed.' 