MUNICIPAL EUCC’ITOX MEE1TNG& A'l I'OU'ISCUaY. An adjourned meeting of the ratepayers of the south ward, Footscray, was held at the Church of England schoolroom, Varraville, on Tuesday evening ; Mr Walpole in the chair. A communication was read from 1he Chief Secretary's department, informing Mr Palmer that there was no obstacle in the way of his standing as a candidate for muni cipal honors, and after some remarks, it was decided by ballot that Mr Palmer should be .selected t,o contest the seat. Mr Waters, who was present, immediately announced his intention of withdrawing and assisting in endeavouring to place the chosen candi date at the head of the poll. This show of promptitude and good feeling was received with cheers, and a strong committee was formed to work in the interest of Mr Palmer. | Mr Waters being unanimously appointed chairman. On Wednesday evening Mr T. Greenwood addressed a public meeting of ratepayers in the Mechanics' Institute, there being a fair and very orderly attendance. Mr Gamon occupied the cnair, and in introducing the candidate, remarkod that he considered it only fair that the portion of the middle ward where Mr Greenwood resided should have a representative in the .Council. At the pre sent time the three Councillors for the ward were all located in one place, and it was only natural to suppose that they would be more acquainted witn, and attentive to, that particular portion of their district. It was not ;.s.;ing too much to say that he thought Mr Greenwood should lie returned, if only for local considerations ; and he felt certain from his knowledge of that gentleman, lie would see justice done, and be a credit to them. A report had been sedulously circu lated that the local Reform League had brought Mr Greenwood out, and was inter fering in municipal affairs ; it was easy to understand that the object of that was to place him at a disadvantage. But the trick was to transparent. As president of the league, he (Mr Gamon) gave the assertion a most unqualified denial. The league was for political purposes, and he defied anyone to say that municipal affairs had ever been mentioned in any way whatever at the league meetings. In fact, it was the very opposite, as he knew members wh o declined taking an active part in the present borough election because the;,- wished municipal matters to be viewed altogether apart from politics, and feared than any action on their part might tend to given political coloring. MrGreenwood then came forward and addressed the meet ing. He said he could endorse the chair man's remarks with regard to the' Reform League. The report had been raised by the opposite side, as they apparently desired to give a party complcxlion to all their doings and measured others accordingly, He had only thought of becoming a candidate since the Jast meeting of the league, and if it could be shown that it desired to interfere or dictate in any way in borough affairs, he would have noLhing to do with the election, ! as he would not 'be a candidate of any body. His only wish in coming forward was to see the .affairs of tile borough honestly and im partially administered, and they must acknowledge that such had not been done* Those who knew the upper portions of the ward would admit that the streets and foot paths were in a dirty neglected state, as compared with the neighbourhood where their representatives resided. He had i.o desire to work in the interest of any par ticular portion, but ho thuught it should be treated fairly, and as a whole ; and such had not been done. There had been a clique in the Council, that had things all their own way, and its was time it was broken up. He had never asked and pever wanted a favor of any of them, and had no desire to give them offence ; but at the tame time he could not refrain from saying that the Stony Creek bridge scandal was a reproach to them, for it was a scandal for some of the Coun cillors to act and vote as they had done. He considered the construction of the bridge was premature, as it was useless in the pre sent state of the approaches, and it would cost £400 to make the road passable on the Footscray side. The contractor had got his final certificate before the work was approved of or the joint committees consulted in the matter, and the Council then held a special meeting, at which his brother presided, and his partner and foreman were present to vote for- him. They exonerated the con tractor, but all their actions would not justify the way. the certificate was obtained, or lega lise it. Such a strange state of things should not exist, and if he were returned to the Coun cil he would insist on the affairs of the rate payers being conducted on straightforward and honorable principles, (Applause.) No ; questions were put, and on a vote being taken a goodly show of hands were held up in favor of the candidate and none against. On Thursday evening Councillor Leek ad dressed the ratepayers of the south ward, Footscray, in the Church of England school - room. Yanavillei fitr Teeson in the chair. Mr Leek gave a brief account of his steward ship. for the past two years, and defended the Stony Crook bridge business. He said ho was foreman for the contraetcr for the bridge, and also for the work at River-street, aud he was not ashamed to own his connec tion with either. The bridge was better con structed than it would h.nve been had they adhered sfrietly to the plans and speoitlea tums. As a proof that the work was satis factorily completed, he pointed out that the Government had paid over the £500 held in hand, and that would not have been done if the work were not approved of. He admitted being absent from the Council table on tl^c evening the final certificate arrangement was brought up, bat said qs the ordinary business, was disposed of, and he had an engagement to meet, ho loft, not being aware that the discussion was coming on. Several questions were put, but the meeting was dis satisfied with the answers, and Councillor Smith, who was present, rose to explain, This course was objected to by the meeting, and persisted ip by the brother councillor, until confusion ensued, and those present dispersed without a vote being taken for or against tho candidate. In torrid climates it is no exaggeration to say that Udolpmo ' Wolfe’s Schiedam AnOMATic Schnapps is an invaluable ad, j iiraut. It is but reasonable tot assert, that in such a heat-oppressed atmosphere it is simply Indispensable. There the lassitude incident to the temperature needs shaking off, as an uncomely garment, from the frame it mars, and the languor that sure to follow sits like an incubus upon the sufferer. To exercisu iill’ these symptoms use Udolpiiq Wolfe’s ecthedam Akomatio Schnapps. Holloway's . Ointment a no Rills.— Disorder of the Throat and Ghost.—Who ever has once made trial of these invaluable remedies can truthfully bear testimony to their astonishing cilicacy, their curative and perscrativc powers against the many maladies of winter. The Qintment, rubbed on the chest, acts most beneficially in arrest ing inflammation, irritation, congestion, and fill pectoral complaints. In ulcerated sore throat, diphtheria, mumps, quinsey, and similar ailments, the Ointment should be wel rubbed upon tho throat and summit ef th< cheat at least twice a day, while the Rill are taken internally, according to the plainlj printed "directions. Holloway's remediei constitute .in themselves |a perfect safqguari against inoJtdiseases dependent upon efiango abfe or inclement weather, Tboy counter fiCt-tUe sources of disease, " 