THE BLESSED CANDLE. (CANDLEMAS DAY, SUNDAY, 2ND FEBRUARY, 1879.) " MY uncle is very ill, Hetty; I am afraid he will not get through the night." " Do you really think he is so bad ?" exclaimed the old servant in alarm. " Oh, Miss Margaret, dear, do you tbink he's so bad ? Ob, dear, dear, what will become of ns?" " I wish I could give you better news, Hetty," was the lady's melancholy reply. " Oh, the doctor looked desperately $;lum when he left the room, Miss Margaret, darling." " He can do nothing for him, Hetty. God alone can cure my uncle. But tell me, Hetty, has the clergyman arrived i"' " No, miss, darling," said the servant, gazing earnestly in the lady's face and speaking very slowly; but if he did 'twould be no nee, for he would not see a parson." " What," exclaimed the lady in astonishment. " Why would he not see him ?" " Oh, then who knows ?" exclaimed Hetty; "who can tell P But you know, miss, the O'Meara's in ould time were Catholics; and, though they are Protestants now, the master always had a Catholic heart." " Why, you're raving, girl. Do not you know that the ProteBtant Church is the true Church? There is no salvation out of the Episcopalian Church—I mean the High Church of England." " Miss Margaret, dear, you never mixed with Catholios, or you would know better. It is in the Catholic Church the truth is, if anywhere. . I ksow what Catholics are. Their Churches and their conversation have made an impression on my mind that I cannot shake off." Margaret made an impatient gesture, while a slight frown wrinkled her brow, expressive of disdain and incredulity. Listen to me, Mies Margaret: I went one day into a Catholic chnrch about ten years ago. It was a feast day—the second of February. The church was choke- full of people. Ob,it was a magnificent church, with pointed windows and .painted glass, all aglow with beautiful designs—something like ours. A.nd if yon we're to see what they call the altar 1 How grapd it was; and the incense Boaring to the roof, and the lights shining through the beze. It would fill your heart with awe. And the "piety of the people—bending their beads to the floor, when tho priest elevated the host. No sermon was ever ao ediiying as their reverence for the -sacrament... I had often attended the Jfrot^Unt^aervioe, bat I said to myself on that occasion, <1 was never in the honaebf God till now.' I never felt the same topnBoiouenesBof the presence of Go3, Miss Margaret, They had a procession while I was in the church. It was a wonderful sight—a forest of burning tapers moving slowly along, I was ourious to know what they meant by this exhibition, for I was bewildered by the spectacle. I »Bked a woman what was the meaning oi it ? 'This is Candlemas Day,' answered the woman. ' On this day the Ca'hoiiea oonseorate oandles, which they keep in their Looses and Jight in cases of siokness or danger. When a man is going to die a blessed candle is lighted in the room, to show by its pure flame that his faith should likewise he pure It banishes evil spirits, and helps the dyinp Catholic to pass through the dark avenue of death. I suppose,' said my informant, as ebe looked at me with a kind and benevolent glance,' yon are a stranger in this oonntry ?' ' I am equally a stranger to your country and your creed,' I replied. ' I'll pray for you.' said my informant,' if you will take this candle and keep it for my sake. May God enlighten your mind." " She turned away, and the next moment was so deeply absorbed in prayer that I did not venture to speak to her again. I found a candle in my hand—a wax taper beautifully embossed with religious devices—-which my new acquaintance had given me. I could not refuse a gift so kindly bestowed, 60 I carried my wax taper home. " My dear Miss Margaret, the image of that magnificent place, filled with incense, flowers, robed priests and kneeling people, never leaves my mind. The hymns which they sang seem to echo in my ears and haunt my memory at this moment. The whole scene rises before me, especially at night, when I close my eyes and sink into unconsciousness. The lady who gave me the taper was in deep mourning. She was evidently a widow. I could easily read in her pale, intelligence face, a story of suffering—long and patiently endured. At the same time there was an expression in her eyes which showed that the storm had blown awny and been followed by the calm of religious resignation. She was evidently 4 enjoying the peace which the world cannot give'—was inwardly happy. In short, the sight of that lady, her gentle language, her calm demeanor, her sweetness of expression—the rapture of devotion she exhibited —convinced me tliat'truth must abide in that faith which I had been taught to abhor, but which she was so fervently devoted to." " Have done," exclaimed Miss Margaret, indignantly; "don't let me hear such nonsense. You're a fool, woman! We all know that the Catholic religion is a soulkilling superstition, an abominable idolitary, with ridiculous ceremonies and debasing practices. No sensible person could believe in tho Romish religion." " Well, Miss Margaret, let the Catholic Church be what it will, I cannot believe that Protestanism iB the true faith." "Why, what do you mean, woman?" asked Miss Margaret in a rage. I never heard such talk in my life. What has come over you P Have you lost your senses, or what ails you ?,' "Iam only a poor, ignorant servant, and and your are a lady as learned as a counsellor, but that won't hinder me from telling you my mind. Ah! remember, Miss Margaret, when you were a child how often I carried you in my arms; and God alone knows how I love you. You can turn me out' of doors, if you like, Miss Margaret, but I muBt open my heart before I go. I was born in this house, and I thought I'd die in it, but God's will be done. I am a Catholic, Miss Margaret; and what is more your uncle—lying in that room tihs minute—is a Catholic .like me." Miss Margaret screamcd, clapped her hands, and turned as pale as a sheet. She rushed to the door in distraction, in order to fiy from her uncle's house, but Hetty was before her ; she closed the door and put her back to it. " You shan't go out, Miss Margaret, in each a state of agitation. Sir John is at the last gasp. He is expiring. Have patience with me. For God's sake send for a priest for him t You willembitter his last moments if you deprive him of a priest. It is a terrible thing to let him die without the consolations of religion. Give me leave and I will get him a priest. Let the poor master die in pease, and God will reward you with eternal happiness." " Why, you must be mad, woman; you ought to be in a lunatic asylum. Go about your business! Leave the house, and I'll attend to my uncle myself." Hetty threw herself on her knees, and with uplifted hands implored her young mistress to allow her to remain, " Let me close the master's eyes; let me smooth his dying pillow: let me moisten his expiring lips; and then I'll go, Miss Margaret. Then I'll go, and welcome. But, oh, let him have a priest Oh, don't commit ao terrible a sin as to deprive him of the rites of his Church at the last moment of his life 1 Have pity on his immortal sonl." The earnestness, the sincerity, the eloquence, the ories, the hot tears of Hatty, finally overcame the obstinacy of Miss Mar garet. Tbis young lady was twenty-five years of age. She was the eole heiress oi her ancle's property. Sir John O'Meara was a baronet and owner of a large estate, which bis great grandfather bad preserved by "reading his recantation," or abandoning the Catholic Cburoh. , The terms of bis will invested^ her—before his death—with the ownership, of all BIB possessions. According to a oodioil in that will he, declared that his niece, Margaret, should obtain possession 01 all bis gopds, chattels and, estates on the twentieth; day ot his illness, provided the doetcn iBHHjoonoed that illness incurable. The originality of &ir; John's oharaoter was demonstrated by this elanse in MB will, the objeot being ofwhichnohaman intelligsaer could divine; but it cetti^uly evinosfl bis affection for atid 'cDhfidBifte'ih hia' nieoe. One efieot this clause had, which tbe testator had never anticipated; it enabled Miss Margaret—who was an ardent Protestant— to f xclnde Hetty from het uncle's apartment. But she had no sooner issued imperative orders to this effect than she got eorry for it. In fact, she could not do without Hetty. The silent eyes of the dying baronet Wandered round the room in search of that wrinkled face—beaming with affection— which was wont to wait and watch beside his couch. The doctors could not get on without Hetty. Miss Margaret was obliged to recall her. Along with all this, iher affection for Hetty—who had carried her on her bosom, and in her infancy was more than a mother to her—was deep and ardent. The distress of the old woman agonised the heart of the young lady. She opened the door, {and seeing Hetty sitting in sullen silence—absorbed |in grief on the stairs— she beckoned^her in, plaoing her finger on her lips to enforce silence as she did so. Hetty sprang up like a young woman; she seemed to derive new life from the invitation. She glided, into the room like a shadow at the heels of her mistress. It was a magnificent room, furnished in the gorgeous style of the renaissance. In a superb bed, beneath silken curtains .hanging on mahogany pillars, lay Sir John O'Meara. His breathing was stertorous; his sleep—feverish, restless and delirious —seemed to be the precursor of that deeper slumber which men term death. Margaret approached the bed, and taking the baronet's hand was reckoning the pulsations in the wrist when a light flashed pon her ; she turned, and with astonishent saw Hetty holding a wax taper in her eft hand and a silver crucifix in h.er right. Approaching the baronet, she placed the crucifix on his lips, when, o the astonishment of every one resent, he opened his dying eyes, and in a slow, dying voice, asked: " Hetty, where is Margaret ?" Margaret turned white as a ghost. She as perfectly paralysed, Sfie almost fainted with astonishment. The baronet had been so long silentthat she never expected to hear him Bpeak again. Tbe recovery of his speech the moment hie lips pressed the crucifix seemed nothing short of a miraole. It absolutely terrified her. It was like a sudden revelation of the supernatural world. It was something awful, and made her quail and tremble. " Let us be alone; I wish to speak to you in private, Margaret." The room waB immediately cleared ; even Hetty went out; but Bhe took care to leave the blessed candle burning beside the baronet's bed. When an honr or so had elapsed, Margaret again opened the door and looked out. She saw Hetty kneeling at the foot of tbe stairs, saying the rosary, and repeating at the end of every Ave, "Spare them, O Lord; oh, save the souls of these two people." " Hetty," exclaimed Miss Margaret, "fly to the Catholic chapel. Make haste, make haste ; for God'e sake, don't lose a moment." The instant she heard these welcome words Hetty sprang to her feet; she bounded down the stairs, and seemed to fly on her mission. The priest, who, at her reqnesfc, had been waiting in the immediate neighbourhood, was by the baronet's bedside in an incredibly short time. He heard tbe confession of tbe last of the O'Mearas, who breathed his last sigh in the arms of the priest, almost immediately after receiving the Holy Eucharist. Our readers will easily understand that the friends of Miss Margaret were very numerous. They came in crowds to condole with her. The wealthy heiress of an unincumbered estate, young, handsome, intelligent, and accomplished, every soul in tbe country seemed to feel the deepest sympathy for her distress. The bitterest misanthropist must admit, in common justice to the human race, that they seem to feel unfeigned pleasure in consoling the misfortunes of the opulent, cheenng and dissipating the sorrows of the rich. At least, such was the case with Miss Margaret j she had not only warm friends— she had ardent admirers and passionate lovers, who, indifferent to her. wealth, thought of nothing, they said but her beauty! Nor was it the men alone; the ladies admired her as much as the gentlemen ; especially those ladies whose brothers were unmarried. One of these amiable people asked her one day, with the sweetest smile in the world: "My dear Miss Margaret, when shall we have the pleasure of calling you Lady Raleigh?" Margaret changed countenance. The question evidently displeased her; and her friend—keen-eyed as a lynx—changed the tionversation at once. The question was an allusion to an engagement which, before the death of Sir John, gave her evident pleasure, but which, since that event, was utterly distasteful. She shuddered at it. The faot is, the incidents connected with hor uncle's death were so stalling—the finger of God was so visible in his conversion—she was so edified and astonished by what she witnessed —that a sodden change was wrought in her obaracter. Sbe became serions, solitary, and studious. She spent whole nights, in the persual of Catholic books—closeted with Hetty, who was too ignorant to; remove her doubts, ox elnoidate the doctrines of Catholicity. Hetty'e theological knowledge was very limited, bat her prayers were ardent and nneniing. She oonld not convince her young mistress, but shook her Protestant oonvicffooR by the fervour of -her implicit faith. Unfortunately, Hetty lost her health grow ill and died ; and Miss Margaret was' left to carry on her inquries alone. Her heart was like a field of battle—torn by coating emotionandoonflioting tendencies. After thedeathof Hetty,she regretted the happiness of mind which Bbe originally felt before she was mentally racked by the agonies of doubt. She at last grew weary of inquiry, threw away her books, and gradually turned her attention to more mundane objects; shut her heart to the light whose sudden effulgence had appalled her. She resumed her old habits; plunged into the pleasures and dissipations of life, and was as gay as ever. The prospect of becoming Lady Raleigh ceased to be distasteful, and even became attractive. The great drawback was—or rather had been—that this marriage would chain her to Protestantism. She would no longer be at liberty to embrace the Catholic faith. Her conversion must be impossible. Now this slavery was irksome to her. This was not what she wanted; she wanted freedom to enter the fold of Catholicity at soire future time, should she choose to do so. Unfortunately, Hetty was no longer at her side, kneeling, praying, weeping and pleading for the Church, whose majestic sanctity had awed and fascinated her, and in whose fold her ancestors for ages had lived and died. Her vacillation, her irresolution, her weakness had its source in her pride, her love of enjoynfent, her passion for flattery. "And that unrest [which men miseal delight." Her attachment to the empty vanities of ife was too strong. It bound her by damantine chains to the chariot wheels of emporal pleasure. It interdicted her eeble efforts to stretch forth and cling to Him who said, " Ask and you shall receive; nock and it shall be opened unto you." Meantime, tbe nuptial preparations were roceeding. Next spring she should be ady Raleigh. Her heart bounded with mbition ; her eyes sparkled with pleasure s she mentally contemplated the brilliantrospects which this marriage presented to er. She should shine at court, and bask n the sunshine of her monarch's smile; he should eclipse the beauties of the royal ircle; she should be envied by the women, lattered by the men—" the admired of all dmirers," Tbe holy solitode which she formerly oved was now hateful to her. The ideas hich rose in her mind—her reflections on he past—made solitude painful and rksome. She fled from it in terror. One day in winter, when the sun shone rightly, and the earth was mantled with slight covering of snow, she quitted her ome and took a long walk, accompanied by ber sister's governess. On a sudden he sky became overcast; the wind roared ; he rain descended in torrents. All winter drove along the darkened air." The ladies were terrified by the sudden nd unexpected storm which burst upon hem in perfect solitude. They hastened long as rapidly as possible—looking in very direction in search of a house, but one was visible. They were ready to aint from fatigue and alarm, when they uddenly caught sight of a large stone uilding, with a cross towering on the able. They rnsbed into the open gateay, and, to their astonishment, found hemselves in a Catholic church brilliantly ighted, resounding with music, fragrant ith incense, and crowded with worshipers. A crowd of memories rushed upon argaret's mind as she contemplated this agnificent scene. She knelt down, and, ddressing a lady at her side, she asked, in whisper: "What day is this?" "This is Candlemas Day; the Feast of he Purifioation," was the reply. Mies Margaret was thunderstruck. She ocollected the piety of poor Hetty, who had een affected to such a degree by witnessing ceremony of this nature that she renounced rotestantism and embraced the Catholic aith. She recollected the last momenta of er dying uncle, who, with pale lips and xpiring breatb, adjured her to beeome a atholic, telling her that the way to heaven ies only through tbe Church of Rome, to hich God spoke in the person of its chief, Thou art Peter, and on this rook I shall uild my Churob, and the gates of hell shall ot prevail against it." . To conclude; Margaret refused to marry ord Raleigh. Sbe preferred a humble ansion in the kingdom of the Lord to the omps and splendours of a lordly palace. ast year, on the 2nd of February, the Feast f the Purification,-she.took the veil in the enedictine Convent at P —MeOee's kistra MELB ng of ospita ee in as i t the et pro o be £L bjectio ising i monnt tems e Baillier the ball f tbe much 