THE TERRIBLE YEAR — 2.8SL The Jlecnrd Onion, 7th March, says : — Professor Norton, of the State' Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute last night upon the very interesting sub- ject of The Planetary Con j uuction of 1881." The prediction of astronomers that in 1S81 .will occur the conduction of nearly all the great planets brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and.a score of other birds of ill- omen, who, backed by the recent appear ance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugu rated in 1SS1, -and to continue till J8G7, during which .fearful epidemics shall pre vail, crime multiply, the elements -continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the earth. open and swallow tip downs, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all waters become poison, mud the-dovil be loosed .in reality to work more -desolation and ruin in all the earth., Lately in tliis State a so-called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from aconjunetion of Neptune,- Saturn, Jupiter, tlie Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur till the foregoing recited, and a hundred other woes .fall upon .the earth, and that the devilry .and1 destruction is to begin in 18S1. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He- illustrated liis remarks .with diagrams- tin-own upon the wall by means of a magic; lantern. He began by saying that we are! never .satisfied with tilings now present. : The world is ever looking backward to the; good old time, or forward to the good', time -e-i-uiing. Somehow tin; forward out- ' look is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look te pivotal events in nature, siaeli as the com- ! piecion v-L Hsoruijuuiicai cycles, as Deing- likely to involve great crises in human! affairs. The remarkable planetary apposi- > tion of the year ISSlhas especially appealed 1 to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently-published pamphlet entitled " Tlie Voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1S81 and 18S.7, includ ing flic annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible storms, earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, families, Ac. He also gave a brief sjniopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and .quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substantially that — The world to an end shall con&o; In 1881. He said that the prophecy of the old. woman CGPinAfl f.n still vihilifv nlfli/MiiTli tlin publisher of the ' £ Shipton Almanac" has openly confessed that he added the 3ir.es above quoted in order to give tlie book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and nonsence l The lecturer presented Prof. Delarue's theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions, to sun spots ; showed diagrams illustrating ; tlie effects, of the attraction of the sun and i moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged 1 corresponding effects of planetary eon- junctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram, shoving the position of the planets, 31st Oct. , 18S1 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of ihe planets will not occur for many thousands ronvfi Tf if i« nrmfiihlp fnv flip Tnoccorl planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon.be manifested. Nevertheless, the planets are enormously distant Their attractive force varies inversely as the square of tlie distance. It is hardly con ceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disasters. The only remaining theory is that of a liypothetical electric inter-action between the ' sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be>a coincidence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheric disturbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Pro fessor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer : — H. B. Norton.— Dear sir— Your note of inquiry is received. I answer briefly, as follows : — First — your enclosed dia gram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second— It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their pe rihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third — There is no good rea- reason expecting remarkable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere- on account of such planetary position Pro fessor Delarne thought that he had dis covered a relation between them and sun spots, but latest researches fail to sub stantiate the theory. Scientific astro nomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours, very truly, Charles A. Young." Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said : " We are justified in con cluding that science has thus far given us no definite reason for expecting the great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public ex citement shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for the " voice from the tombs, uttered by Piazzi. Smith, and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton." 