SPORTING NOTES, Mr. J. Qoudon wishes attention drawn to1 the faofc that acceptances for the Belluin haudloapa must; be made with him before 11 o'olook on the morning of the raoes, The totalizator has found its way to The Mount, Mr. W. Henry having opened a list on the Melbourne Cup at the Farmers' Inn in oonnootion with Mr. S. M. Carson, who aota as treasurer, The Robo Turf Club has begun to show signs of vitality, as a two days" programme has been amui/jjed for the 1st and 2nd of January, The ltoba Handicap, of 60 sova,, the Turf Club Handicap of 8QBOVB,, and A Maiden Plato and Stcopleohaae of 20 aovs, eaoh are the ohief events} there are some minor attractions to fill out the programme. Bravo Hobo; there is life in the old plaoo yet I Peuola, notwithstanding the general de> preseiou which provailst bar issued a very liberal programme for its annual meeting. The date has beo» fixed for the 4th and 5th of February, Influential committees and stewards have beon appointed, and with au euergetio seoretary lilio Mr, M. Clarke to M engineer" the meeting through, there is no doubt it will uphold the high oharaoter it has hithorto borne for provicliun good sport, The pieces de resistance are the Penola Han dicap of 80 and tho Xlaoing Olub Handicap of 50 sovs, Altogether 330 sovs, are to bo given away in stakes, Go «>head Fonola I None of the tipatera appear to have spotted Palmyra for the Maribyrnong Plato, but several of thorn oaine pretty near it by selecting the two second horses, Geraldino and Oitira. Remembrance, Ileapite, Bertie, and Royal Consort was the quartette from which the winner was expeobed to oome. The two latter were, however, scratched. Their tips were also Unookedintoa " cooked hat" over the Derby. His Grace, Nellie, Fal mouth, Caepiau, and Baronet being regarded with most favor, The only scribe who named the winner, Suwarrow. was " Tout Cela," iu a sporting sheet of that nainq, Neither of the second and third horses, Belladrum and the South Australian filly itivalry, wore thought to have.the ghost'of a ohauoe iu the raoo I Another example of tho glorious uncertainty of the turf. The Avaba thus doaoribg tho horge iu a uut* shoU!-He must have four things large-the front or brow, the breast, tho rump, the limbs; four things long-the chest, the upper ribs, tho belly, the haunohes j four thiuga short tho baok, tho pasterns, the ears, the tail. To this Abed el-Itader added, that threo things should bo dear or pure-the eyes, the skin, tho hoofs. The Melbourne Oup, wliioh was run yestorday, has furnished another surprise. It was won by Darriwell, a five-year old son of imported Tim Whiffler and . Noma, in the extraordinary fast time of drain, SOjjseo,, being gjaeos. faster than Chester's hitherto " fastest on record " for tlio same event, Darriwell was bred by Mr. J. O, Inglls, and sold by him as a two-year old to a Tasmanian gentleman who races under the nom de course of Mr. \V. Rawliuson. He has hitherto been regarded as a brilliaut horse over, short course, but he was not credited with the ability to stay the Oup djstanoe, njid for this reason his olaims have beon quite overlooked. He was trained by Mr. W. K. Dalciu, and being in the samo stable as Lo Loup, it is quite evident his trainer did not know what a brilliant animal he had, for tho New Zealander was backed to win a good stako, whilst Darrlwoll started at the almost nominal odds of 100 to 3, He is Ave years old, and carried 7st. 4lbs, The following is a review of his wforrjianoea Darriwell, br h, 6 yrs, Tim Whiffler Mw-tf ojwb, Mr. W, Rawliuson. Engaged iu Melbourne Oup, 7st. 41b, At 2 yra,--Melton i uowhere in Maiden Plate. H mile, Sst. ^lb,, won by Dig nity, Ost. 51b, V.R.O. Autumn: third In Sires' Produoo Stakes, f mile. 8st, 801b., won by R»pMifyr. 8st, lOlb.j nowhere in Nursery Handicap, f mile, 7jjt, 121b., won by Devloe, 7st. 61b, At 8 yrs,-J^aunueston: pegopd in Maiden Plate, onoe round, 7st, 4.31b,, won by Emerald, fist, 111b,; nowhere in Weld Stakes, onoe rouud and a distance, Ost. 101b., won by Waterford, 8st, 91b. At 4 yfs.-V.R.C, Spring: nowhere to Melbourne Cup, 2 miles, Ost. 01b,, won by Oalamia, fist. 21b.: won Spring Handi oap, li mile, flst, 12lb., 9m. 104s.: third in 4-year-old Handicap, 2 iniles, Ost, Bib,, won by Swiveller, 8st. 61b,; second iuY.R.O, Handicap, 1} mile, 7st, won by Columbus, Ost, 101b. V.R.C. Midsummer: nowhere in Midsummer Handicap, 12 mile, 7st, 71b,, won by Aconite, 7st, 01b, y.R.C, Autumn: won Brunswiok Stakes, 1$ mile, 7st. (Mb., 2m. 12s., Tom Kirk, 8st, 81b, seoond, Nina, 7at, yib, third; nowhere in Newmarket Handicap, 9 mile, fiat., won by Dlomed, 7st,, Tocal 8st. 01b., La Loup 8st, 31b,, aud Bob Sawyer Ost. 61b. dead heat for seoona place; won Three and Four-year-old Handicap, Leger course, 8st. 21b., 3m. 17s., Mouarque 7st. 131b, seoond, Soothsayer 7st. 81b. third. Y.A.T.O.; nowhere in Cauifield Cup, about 14 mile, 8st. 121b., won by Newmtoater, 8st, 101b. Won Melbourne Cup. Mr. Oareon, tbo landlord of the Farmers' Iun here, was the holder of Sweetmeat in one of Miller's sweeps, aud is therefore the winner of sooond prize, value £460. 