%OM£L PKEMATUfiE BURIALS. Tsx difference between death and a state of trance— or, as the Germans pat it, Toil and Hcheintodt — baa never been quite clearly understood '.by the generality of mankind. Society, which sometimes does its beat for] the living, does not always do its beat for the dead (or those who appear to be dead), : and he would be a bold man who, without! statistics, should assert that men, women i and children are never, by any ebaaoe; 1 buried alive in the British leks. Are the bodies of tbe poor always examined with care before burial? Are deaths properly ' verified in days of epidemic, that is to say, j in days of social panic f ! I propose in this article to call attention to a few ?u-8tanees of premature burials on the continent of Europe ; instances wbioh involve stories of trajro, or Schrinttdt- a trance, the semblance of death, holding its sway over the human body for hours and days, and not merely for minutes, as in tbe case of ordinary fainting fits. In days when land ia dear, and burial rights are less sacred than the rights of builders and eon tractors, coffins have been opened with the piok-axe, in the act of converting cemeteries into streets and gardens. Here a grave has been discovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud ; here a corpse clutobing its hair in a strained and unnatural position ; dead men and dead women lying in their graves as dead men never lie ia a Christian land at the moment of burial. Tbe presumption is that these people have been legally mur dered. A few months ago a young and beautiful woman, on the eve of her marriage with the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour hood of Lodi, in Piedment, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. The doctor was of opinion tbat the girl bad died from excitement — over-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being mameJ, but the legal same for tbe catastrophe was disease of the heart, and with this verdict her place in society was declared vacant. When, the first shovelful of earth was thrown down on tbe coffin, strange noises were heard proceeding therefrom, ' as of evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead.' The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing ; bat the bridegroom, lees superstitious than the others, insisted on tbe coffin being unnailed. This was done ; but too late ; the girl was found in so attitude of horror and pain impossible to describe ; her eyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her hands clutching her hair. Life vas extinct; but when laid in her shroud the day before, her eyes were dosed, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The ' Medical Academy' of Milan, in one of ita weekly reports, published on Wednes day, 22nd March, 1818, quotes a case of trance which occurred to an ex-nun of the suppressed convent of St. Orsola, named Lucia Marini The lady was taken ill, and, to all outward appearance, died ; she was known to be subject to a peculiar kind of fit, whieh required peculiar treatment, and was staying at the time of the catastrophe in the house of a friend, who had been a nun. The beechini (grave- diggeis, who in thi6 case were the undertakers) ioeisted on burying the body before night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, urging that she must first try the effect of friction and mustard plasters applied to feet and stomach. Fear ing to lose their fee, the men of death waxed wroth in their contention, and, seizing the body by the shoulders, were about to drag it out of its bed, when tbe 'dtad lady,' moaning and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. Tbe friend at Luoia Marini broke out into prayere, in terrupted by tears ; the men let go their bold, and cne of them (the elder of the two) crossed himself devoutly. The other, with a great oath, declared it was 'spasms;' the dead, in his opiuion, being iiable to con vuleive movements if not properly straight ened. Bat humanity prevsiied over igno rance, and cupidity gave way to mtdioal skill. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medical practitioner of the neighbourhood, and lived for many a lung dey to tell the Btory of her escape from the tomb. Another case in point is that of Cardinal \ Espinosa, some time president of Oastills. Philip the Second, King of Spain, one day, iu a moment of irritation, addreised him as follows : — ' Cardinal, take heed 1 You are speaking to the President of Gastille.' Tbe cardinal understood that he was dismissed fr«m office (the king being his own preii. dent), and fell to the ground as if stunned. The pulse showed no signs of life; ths parted lips emitted no breath — tbe sing's wrath had slain bis minister. It was de Bided that the unfortunate cardinal should be out open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and commenced his operations, when, lo ! in tbe midst of the catting the patient awoke, and, with screams of agony attempted to struggle with his operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired before the Bomforts of religion could be administered to him. In tome instances the viotims of trance have been known to rise out of their coffins. A case is recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed in her coffin, in her parents' house, and there kept duly dressed for tbe grave, with tbe lid of tbe coffin still unnailed. While the family were at supper she appeared in her wioding-ebet-t at the parlour door ; pale and frightened, but fair to see, as before her supposed death. Father and mother and sisters started up with cries of horror, ai d rushed out of ths room by another door, believing her to be a ghost. It was only after a long interval, during which they entered and found -her at tbe table, eating and drinking, tbat they persuaded themselves tbat tbe girl still lived. They found her coffin empty ; ergo, tbe ghost in the parlour was a living sodI i Tbe doctor, the priest, and the undertaker saw tbe error of their way*, and tbe deed was cancelled which declared the lady a corpse. Oa tbe following year another deed was made out for the eame lady, and tbe same priest officiated, but not the doctor or the undertaker. Tbe lady was marnea, sna lived to be the mother of many children. But let us go back a century or two in these inquiries. We come upon tbe story of the Abb6 Prevdt, author of ?' Manon Les CBUt.' and, earlier still, upon that of Ps ?JEBTSB. Pievfit was found iu a forest, one flue rammer's day, in a state of complete un eoneeionsnese. The village doctor, ' who examined the body, declared tbat life wsb extinct, and commenced wbathe was pleased to trrm bis pott-vtortem examination. But at the first thrust of tbe knife the unlucky author awoke, and, with a piercing ebrtek, gave rup tbe cbost. Braider, tbe bio grapher of P«f 6t, deplerss this event as a asrioas loss to literature. 'Hanon Les eamV whieh Jules Janin eompwesntly sails fbe 'Paul and Virginia' of vtee, might, be opines, have had a successor, if not a rival, from the rame pen. Petnrcb, when a middle-aged man, lay in Ferrara twenty hoars in a state of. trance, and wa3 to be bntied on ths completion of tbe time laid down by law, that is to §ay in four boars, when a sodden ehaage of tem perature esmrf Mm to startup in bis l*d. K«»p«aiBsicltb»a^ansWasmrs»rmwiiaed ? . m'~ _A«Ym^»Xmiem4\m1 ^Pmasnaw mmtmaa msiaWmMsma A istaWsVflmfe'mn BM ?sMSBawmnP* *-Wmj ??? wswaVnr^B ? wvw smwassaw^ ^^^^^^— ^— jyi] u. Of cold air to fa!l on his coach ! Perhaps IF the door bed been kept bhut, tie poet, ehow ine no Bigns of animation, would have been bu!ied that day. Pcwswh would have been J-rfraudod of a large portion of his life, and the world would bave lost, in oonsequenoe, some of Mb finest sonnets, MiF«on, in hiB 'Medical Anecdotee', tellB a etorv of a ludy, vcho, in 1577, *' b?«*d aHvo in C-logne. This lady was the wife of IWu!, and wbs placed in the family vault ;„ h,t sHiro with rings on her fingera and a cold.-n cliairjground her etc1'., as on her Si.:»«. Robbers repaired to her grave at dead' of night U, Bteal her iwellery, «d Tjere taking the rings from her fingers, ;h[ou wereg damp and swollen, when the jBdv awoke, and, sitting bolt upright, as if Bdvanbed. 'stared and smiled at her visitors. One of the three men fell down in I «, fearing the devil or hiB agency, and the others, took to their heels 'as if pursued by fiende.' The lady walked home, and WaB received by her husband, firet with fear, «nd afterwardB with tranijports of joy, and lived Sorman, allonrfday in health and happineHS. In the Church^of the Holy ApostleB, at Co logne is a picture of the consul's wife wakiilg from the tomb, but the event 18 as cribed to a miracle, and death, not a trance, in the subieot of the picture. ? But tho resuscitated victims 01 apparent death do not idwayB rcto.rn safe and Bound— hale in body ar.d in mind— from the land of shadows. A oarabinepr in the Pope B ser vioo, named Luigi Vittori, was, not long ago, eonviyed to the Boman hospital, and there, afier a few days* acate eofierinu, registered as deaa, his disease being ' asthma. A doctor, Rlauoing at the booty, fancied he de tected signs of life in i*. A lighted taper wftB applied to the noae of the oarabineer; a minor was applied to hiB month ; but all without suocese. The body wbb pinched and beaten, the taper was again applied, and BO often and bo obstinatoly that the noee was burnt, and the patient, quivering in all his frame, drew short spasmodic breaths— Bure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, ibat tbe soldier was not altogether dead. The dootor applied other remedies, and in a shore time the corpse was declared to be a living man. Luigi Vittori left the hospital to rtBuine his duties a* carabineer, but his nose— a Bcarrt'd and crimson beaoon on his face— told till he died (which was soon after warde) tbe sad utory of bis cure in the very juwB of the grave. Stories are told of men who, after eentenoe of death at the hands of the doctors, returned to life blighted in iutelleot. Some of these victims of medioal incapacity were men of position in nooiety, but others — the great majority — were poor and friendleee. Hos pital capos have principally to do with the poor, Hnd iu Loipitals in warm oountriee, patients who sliow signs of approaching dissolution are quickly disposed of. Camillo de Luliis, tbe founder of an order of bonpiul mouke, or brothers of charity, speaks in hia memoirs ol the frequency of premature burials in Italy. l4 Ah, merciful God 1' he exclaims piously, ' how many living men and women are annually taken to their gra?. * in this OhriBtian country !' Camillo was of opinion that the victims might be numbered by many sooreF— nay, by hundreds — iu the oouree of a single year. One day, after visiting the beds of tbe siok in a certain hospital in Lombard*, of whioh the name has been bit in blank, Camillo entered the morgue, and .found etrvirn upon the floor a great number ol corpafcB, one of whieh wa* blc cding profusely from the head. A dead man oannot bleed in this way, thought Camillo, and had the body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive, and but' for an aooident would have received buriaL He had been thrown to the ground with some violence a a short time previously, and then and there receiving tbe wound above alluded to, recovered consciousness. But he only sur vived his sentenoe of d«-ath three days; b« died of tbe blow wbioh had awakened him from his traaos. ? _ But. there are double deaths— twofold burials— wbioh are perhaps the most horriblt of all. Society thinks it is burying ons pet eon, but tbe ?' deceased,' being a woman, mny from tbe point of view of maternity include two lives, or even more. Oasparo Beies tells the story of a child born in tbe tomb whose mother was buried alive. Tba lady was the wife of a nan of property named Francesco Orvallos, and 'died/* while far advanced in prsguaney, during her husband's absence. Orvallos, retaining home the day after the funeral, bad tba tomb opened, not because he suspected foal play, but because he wished to gaie case more on the face of bis beloved. Tbe lady was in truth dead, but death had transpired in the grave. A child, stroggliog into existence, met tbe gas* ol the bsfeavsd has. band, and was removed without diflsntt* by a medioal assistant. Tbe aether was ones more consigned to tbe dust, bat the ahUd lived to be a man, and earrying till fata death the asms of M Fruit of the Earth,' occupied for several years tbe post of lieutenant-general on ths frontiers of Oners*. This story is reproduced by the feU professor Oomi ia his treatise on ' Apneolog*.' Those who doubt it have only to read the following account of what is called 'Involuntary Homicide,' which happened tn tbs Sooth of Italy (at Castel del Giudiee) in November last, and ol whieh seoounts were published at ths time in ths Neapolitan and English papers. _ 