A Prisoner Shot Dead. EXCITING CHASE.— THRICE HIT.— SUE . RENDERING AT THE POINT OF ' DEATH. We gather from the Coonamble Independent of the 5Ui, tbe following particulars of the excit ing chase after, and death of, the prisoner Mont gomery : — ?. At the inquest on the body, William Brown, constable in the mounted police force, Btated that he arrested the deceased on a charge of stealing a eaddle, bridle, and breastplate, the property of one James Humphry, that he started with bimAnd JainaR ITiimnhrv. Wio nwnflr nf tlifi Rfl,Ad1tt. JAm Curban, on Friday morning last, and came without any difficulties occurring till within about a mile and a half of Coonamble, and then Montgomery said, ' Let us poll up the horses, I want to have a talk with you.' Brown replied that they would have 'plenty of time to talk when they got into Coonamble ; that it was getting dark, and it was necessary to push on. They cantered on a little further, and then Brown pulled up, aad the others did so likewise. Montgomery then said, ' Now I have got the two of you together, you can get me out of this If you try.' Brown asked him how, and Montgomery replied, ' You are the men that can save me if you like to try ;' you need not say anything about what I told you wjion you arrested me this morning.' Brown then told him that he would not go into the box and swear a lie ; that he -would not risk getting two years, to get the best man in the world out of trouble, and that he would not risk two years to put kirn in for it either. Montgomery immediately said ' Then, take that,' striking the constable a violent blow over the back of the shoulder blade, and along the back of the neck. Constable Brown fell forward in the saddle through the force of the blow, and was half stunned for a few seconds. On coming to himself, he looked and saw Montgomery and tho horse in the scrub, about 120 yards away, both on the ground, and tbe deceased off the liorso, and clear of it. Humphry called out 'There he goes, over in the scrub.' Constable Brown then told Humphry to catch the horse, and went after Montgomery, who was running up the river, in an opposite direction. The horse was trotting away down the river. Brown galloped up in front of Montgomery, and covered him with a revolver, telling him to surrender, or he would shoot hi™. Deceased said ' I don't care for ell tho b ? y pistols in the world/'.and started running to meet tho norse, which. Humphry had turned back. Brown then cantered round, and got between lHm and the horse, and again covered him with the revolver. Montgomery then ran among some saplings which grew in the scrub ; he said ' Shoot away and be d ? d to you, I don't care for you.' Brown replied ' I will shoot you if you don't sur render, Iwillputup withnoneof your tricks.' Mont gomery said 'Very well, wait till I get my hat.' Brown then told Humphry to get off his horse and put the handcuffs on deceased. Deceased then eiiid, ' No, I won't have the handcuffs onj if he tries to put tho handcuffs on, I will kill tho pair of you.' He said further, ' I came along right enough all day, and I'll go into Coonamble tho same way if you let me on the noise. Brown replied, ' Very well, get on the horse, and give no more nonsense, or as sure as you are living I will shoot you if you try to get away from mo.' Mont gomery then 6aid, ' Never mind, I'll go in all right s I have had enough of it.' Deceased then got on his horsa, and as soon as lie was seated in tho saddle, ho said, ' Now, you b ? y wretch, try it again.' Just before Montgomery got on the horse, the constable bad returned his pistol to its pouch, and liad the handcuffs in bis hand ; and as soon as Montgomery made use of the lost expres sion, he stuck his heels into the horse, and caused it to plunge away in front. Brown then rushed his horse in front and stopped deceased, who then ?wheeled his liorss round, and raced off in tho direction of the river. Brown threw the handcuffs he held aU prisoner, for the purpose of stopping him, but missed his aim. Ho then drew his pistol and started after him, Montgomery hod then about 60 yards start. Con stable Brown then called out, 'stand, in the Queen's name, or I will shoot you.' Montgomery replied, 'Shoot away, I don't care a d — n for you.' Constable Brown fired a couple of Bhots over deceased's head, calling on him all the time to surrender. Montgomery started to laugh at the constable, and said ' Try it again, and see if yon can do it this time.' Ho then jumped his horse down the Bteep bank Into the river bed. Constable Brown attempted to follow, but his horse swerved on the top of tbe bank, and ran along the side, dashing Brown against a tree, and knocking him from his horse. At soon as constable Brown got on his feet, he turned, took aim, and fired at the deceased, who immediately called out ' Holy Ghost, you have shot me.' He was in a racing attitude in the saddle, loaning very much forward, and about 80 yards distant. Brown then jumped on his hone, and raced after deceased, firing another shot at him without taking aim, Mont gomery called out, 'Oh Christ, thaVa two, now catch me youb— y -wretch if you. can.' At this time, both the constable and tho deceased wore going at a racing pace along a scrubby island in the middle of the river. Brown succeeded in cut ting off a corner, and got to about SO yards from deceased. It was then nearly dark. It was just possible to see the bights on the pistol. Constable Brown took aim at the middle of his back, and fired. Montgomery called out, 'That is throe. I am done. I nave had enough.' He pulled up his horse suddenly. The constable raced up along side of him. He said, ' Oh God, you hare shot me three times. I am dead.' He got hold of the pummel of the saddle with one hand, and threw his right leg over and got off the horse in an ordinary way; he said 'Tou've killed me.' Brown said, ' Will you surrender, or I'llgive you some more?' He said, 'Oh I have had enough, I am killed !' He then took a step backwards and rolled down the bank of the river. 'Constable Brown further stated that from the way Mont gomery got off his horse he did -not think he was hit, but that he was only pretending. Brown states hethon jumped off the horse and went down the bank to him, arid lifted his head up hill. He moaned a crood deal for about four or five minutes. Constable Brown then sent Humphry into Coonamble for a spring cart, and a doctor, and stayed with deceased, endeavouring to stop the bleeding with apieoe torn from Montgomery*^ shirt. He also got some water end bathed his face. The deceased breathed for about 10 minutes, and thon hU jaw fell. The deceased was then removed in the spring cart to the stable at Berg's Hotel, Coonamble. Dr. Little saw the deceased there, and cut one 'Of the bullets that was lodged just under the skin, beneath the arm, another bullet appeared to have gone right through deceased. The stick the deceased struck the constable; with was a stout stick of boxwood, having a knob at one end. Con stable Brown further stated that the reason he did not put tho handcuffs on before starting from Cur ban was that Montgomery begged very pitifully not to be handcuffed, and promised not to make any attempt to escape. The deceased never spoke after, he fell down the bank. James Humphry corroborated the evidence of constable Brown, and swore positively to his striking the constable twice with the stick, which was green box j the effect of the blow nearly stunning the constable, almost knocking him out of his saddle. When the pri soner started off, his horse ftot one of his fore feet into a deep hole, and threw deoeasad over Its head. Humphry also identified ft stick produced as the ono used by Montgomery tostrikotheconsiible without could not say how he came by it, he must have broken it off a- tree on the journey. Dr. LltUo, who made a post-mortem examination, gave evidence to the fact that both bullet wounds wore mortal, each having penetrated the lungs, and one having gone right through the left lung, smashing it up, and comxngoatthroughthoribB,about three irnhea under tho collar bone. The deceased could not li?0 many minute* softer haying received a wound found the following verdict i— We find that the deceased, James Montgomery, came to his death ?by bullet wounds, occasioned by shots fired by -constable Brown, while in the discharge of his duty, the said James Montgomery being then his prisoner, and attempting to escape, and we find such shooting to be justifiable homicide; we are further of opinion that the police ought to take greater precautions in at onoe. handcuffing .prisoners, before attempting to travel with them. 