NORTH BEN . N£m ? BooKHAHfTOJfV, ItriBayi'5 ' 1 ' Tile Carlton Ghoai ontertaiwnentr is being gjwon a%htly at tha Sohool- af. Arts, and is drawing good houses^ 'iho Leichhardt, e.,, Bailed for Sydsay direct-, yssterday evening. Tho annual meeting'Of th&Brimitive;'Metho- diHt Sabbath' School.' was held last nightj and was well attended. ',' 7. - A company has. boon foamed for the .purpose of laying down asphalt on the pathways in tho town. Mr. Dibdin has be on nppointod secre tary, and Mr. O Connor sanagor., - , Tho report of tho Gas Company his hoen issued, in unticfputioii of the half-yearly meet ing of shareholders. It shows that ti' large profit has b$on made. , Tho first number of tho now papor published at Aramacr-the Moil— arrived hora to-day^.-' A man whose name is unknown has boon found d&ad; on Weatland run; ,; i. The weather is fine, clear, and cold. The Dablinq Dow.is '.Eieutios.— A writ was issued to-day hy the 8peaker of the Assembly for the election of two memboH for tho district of Darling Downs, in tho room of Messrs. William Milos aud Franois Kates, whose soats havo become vacant ' by reason of ' tho Eloctions and Qualifications ' Cojnmittco having declared the last e'octiori1 fpr.'fhe iaid ? olootorate to have hs'oh wholly' yqid. .'Th'e piace. of nomination is AUora;, the;- date lof nomiaarS tion -ia'the lGth instant; the polling ^day the, 23rd Instant ; and. r thel' writ ' ia'mBds Mtu'rriabl'e on' tho '30th instant, .-iw vu.i.-nL-);ad'Ji The .Recent Ustufb iritoji Buxiiianb Gaol. '—?An inquiry int®-tho cironmstanoes connected with tho rscent oscapo of the prisoner Ernest Qcoflroy from Brisbane Gaol, was* opened ycaterdny by tho Urdor- Colonial Secr?.tury, and Mr. Barron (chief clorit,. office of Coinmiisioner of Police). The information elii-itcd will be mado public when the inquiry is closcrdl We learu that, yesterday,. GeotSroy dcmocBtrated. the feasibility of h prijoncr eifecting l.ie eacapo without tho assistance of any orio outsi-36 tho cell. Having? been furnished with a bit of old metal,. he,, in a few mi-mitei; fashioned &\- key. similar to the- ono with whioh he stated ho had oponed tho lock on Sunday night, and perfected ;it so that it would open the lock ; thie lie did [' without exumiming Hobbs'' 'patent key, but 1 from hio-rooolleotion of its shapo fjom having observer-it in the bunds of the nardtrs previous' to liis escape. Then, being nput iiibid-j tho cell, having previously boon cnpplisd. with two thin pieces of wood about '? two- feet long, a. rusty nail„and: a few pieces of thread, ho showed how tho feat ho recently porfomied was ac«Hnplish9d. One of the nails- wis mndo into- a hooh and fastened by Ihreatt on ono end !of ono oi tho stioka, and to the other end a false-key wis attached. By mama of sroill thin pieces of wood and packthread,- . ho made the ?other stick, into a rough kinl of. rako. The door of the cell was a strong wooden Cjno about 6 ftet high,, with, a strong iron holt on. the- out side about 3- foet from th9- top,, which, 'being shot; in a . solid fastening in the wall, wns Booured by one of Bobbs' patent padlocks. Above the doos was a strong -iron, grating, wido onough for a man's hand to pass through. Geoffrov.. who stood on somothinjf iu the cell. managed, through the grating, to ? roaoh the lock -with tho ruddy- formed rako, . and. lifting itintoahbrizontal.po3ition, he succeeded with the otheo- stiak- in inserting the ksy and turn ing-. it in- the - look: With equal dexterity he then drew- tho lock into the cell, shot baak the bolt, and walked out, tho whole work ocoupying but.avery.Bhort time. The TaknahhiH. ANinvausAuv.— On. Tues day- evening, a few of tho admirers-of liobert Tannahill, the Paisley- poet, met in tho- Good Temp]ars' Hall, South Brisbane, for ths pur pose of- doing honour to tha memory, of this sweet writer of So.ottish song. This ii-tho third hnniveriarj} that has been held iu Brisbane in honour., of Tannahill, and it ia a fact worth noting, that this- annual meeting.' is- now looked, foriward. to by /many aa-^ono of those pleasant gatherings where- they can really, and! truly enjoy themselves. The ball was tastefully decorated, the- walls being, covered, with flowers and evergreens, while ono eiict was adorned with Paisley shawls. Mr. John Gibson, of Stanley»street, occupied the - chair, . and. supporting him right aud left on tho. platform were Messrs. A. Mackay, M. L. A.,. John Forsyth, J. Campbell, W. Aitchisnn, . W. Macfarlan'e, R. Stewart, W. Stewart,. Ji Paton, W. Paton, J. Craig, \V. Roger;, and' J-.. Eamsoy. After the company (which, filled, tho hall) had dona ample justice to the- good things, provided hy. Mr.. Sloes, of George ? street, a-.- varied and interesting programmo was entered upon, the chairman delivering an appropriate address on Tannahill,. and speaking,, highly of -hia talentaas a pcet, ooclaring that not only Paisley peoploj.but all Scotchmen were proud', of him, as 0110 of the cleverest poets thut Scotland had produced. Mir.-R. W. Burgess; followed with an amusing! speech, entitled,' Odds .and Ends about- Paisley,' . and took; his .hearers homo to the 'guid au'sl toun' .on ? the winga of imagination, pointing out - the many improvements that had been effected within tho last few yoara. il'r. Angus. Maoktiy. gave an intoreating address ou Tannahill aud his- writings, and showed that not only was Tannahill i!. writer of sentimental Bongs, but was also a. real humourist. During, the even', ing the company wore entertained by tho ren dsrina of sorno of Tannahill's gems, by imveraMadios, and by Messrs. Sloss-.W. Paton,' J- Paton, R. Lovo, \V. Stewart,, and M. Stewart, while tho nudionao were kept in a con linual state of mirth by 3Iossr«. ji Craig, R. Stewart, 3. Stawart, aud It. W. Burgess, who told souio good old Scotch stories, .as .only Pai.-iloy Scots can. After the eaual votes of '.thanks, the company sang ' Auld Lang Syne,' shich conoluded the first part of . the pro gramme. Tho hall being cleaved, thu grand itnaroh was formed, old und young joining iu it ?dancing then followed, and every ono enjoyed .themselves thoroughly. ? LiiarriBE on '* Aims is Life.'— A very inter esting and, instructive leotuja. on ' ' Aims in Life ', was-: cEelivered . by. Mr. AV: Brookes last loveuingr in. the Grey-street- Congrogational Church; 3£a-., S.. Feasor, .vise-prosidont of. the So'jth Brisbane Mutual ..Improvement Society, under -whose auspices' tho lecture was given; ocaipied the chair. The attendance was not nearly so :large as the -leotuoor and the #sbjpct meiitod. -The laoturer,. who spoko for about an . hour and- an half,' ? treated his subject in a common sense and prac tical manner, illustrating , his. remarks by ths-rtoital of approprictay and,. sometime!, ex ceedingly amusing aneadotes, and at its cbn oluaioh a cordial vote of thanks was accorded him. ; K*ht and Leon MiNsritnis. — Galate a'' and 'Uncle Jack ' will bo performed for the last time this evening) ond|those who have not soon this clever company, and especially Mr.' I Leon in these pieces. should by no means lose this last opportunity of doiag so. To-morrow ovpning Sullivan aud Gilbert's very suooessful comio opera—' IE.. ISIl. Sk Pinafore w^ll bo performed, ;the company boing strengthened for thn occasion. POLICE— -At the Police Court this morning two drunkards were discharged. Thomas Fraser, a youth of nineteen, was fined £2, with the alternative of seven days imprisonment, for using obscene language, Alexander Davis, for indecency, was fined £5, in default of pay- ment fourteen days' imprisonment. John Holmes pleaded guilty to having destroyed twenty -five shillings' worth of proporty belong ing to one N. Schelp, and was fined 10s. and ordered to pay £1 5s., the value of the property destroyed, in default of payment fourteen days' imprisonment. John Hardgrove, on remand, was convicted of having assaulted his wife, and was sentenced to be imprisoned for one month with hard labour, without, the option of a fine. Hugh Mulligan, for allowing the closet on his premises to overflow, and W. McReynolds, for not keeping sufficient dry earth in the closet on the promises occupied by him, were each mulcted in the sum of £1 3s. 6d. Egyptian corn is said to be attracting con- siderable attention in California. The yield is said to be enormous : the corn requires but little care, and makes excellent focd for both man and beast. I ^Groves of wild olives have been discovered iu British Btirinah, the trees flourishing with . particular luxuriance in many parts of tho now distriot' of '.Tharawaddy. Tho' Burmese olive appears to b'o far moro rapid of growth than its Italian contemporary, as it boars fruit after throe years' existenoe. while tho Italian olive takes from .ten to- fifteen yeara to arrive at maturity. ;Moroovor, the Indian plant seems cj\poeialiy hardy, as its aituation ou tho plaiun near Thongaai is exposed. to the heavy mon soon rains nitdi.thf) .great heats of. March and AP^l. , _j |o ' ? ? .. ..1:. 