£ TES fijBr. B. SHEARER, I * ' % ? : Ofc*«u»^- lafclm^tfcetev.D.She&r-; ?''-.-?& H3L. ftasbytaeha Mmfeter, conducted MTiiaa ia tfo^t. {team's fiUL At tits SKsanngsernoe he chose for l»»« tert fiph. 1\. 13-14: 'la whom ye also trusted, after tta&ye; heard tiie word of truth, the gospel «f jour Miration; in whom also, after that wlalkwed, ye were sealed with that Holy Spirit of prosnse, which is the earnest of wprmharitaB^imffl the redemption of the SMMteMdponaBBoa.' In ifce text you will «bBOrre that the word trwtwl is printed in itatBas, hrtimKlawg Oat tt»ere is no oorres pon&tt; ward in the Greek text. Oar tiOTfl«Wi«TOliea the word from the 12th TOttO, vnaaaftanding the connection thus: « Wowtofirrt busted in Canst, in whom 7« also tMBted.' But, said the rev. gentie mam, it may bedoubtedwnether, ifweai-e sonpply award here, touted be the prefer weed. Itaeekns more probable, if we are to km » supplement, that it ought to .be taken front v. 2, thus: 'In whom also we have obtained an inheritance;' that is, 'we** Jews. In the tjext the Apostle may mean, 'In whom ye also,' ye Gentaks, 'hvn obtained an inheritance.' But pochassit H*ay be as well to read the Terse fist as it stands in the Greek text: 'In whom ye also, baring heard the word of trhtli, the gospel of your salvation ; in whom also having believed, ye were sealed with the Holy Sprat of promise which is the earnest,' &c; JnHie tea* we have the whole ladder of salvation, in all its steps, by which man ' ascends out of the pit of sin up to the house of many mansions in glory. The peat leading thought of the text is the seaHnfof believers with tbe Holy Spirit; bat it rafiKuW thzee losing topics : 1st, What goes before the sealing— hearing and fettering; 2, The sealing itself; 3, The purpose of the sealing. Let us now turn our thoughts to these points, and may the Spirit be our teacher. 1st, What goes before ffci» noyifng — hearing and believing. Cfod main, usually, by means. ' Faitii corcetb by liamjngr, and heating by the word of Qod.' 'How shall they believe on Him of whom they have not heard, ^and how shall they hear without a preacher ?' We have, m vm mm piace, xdb wora ot crutn, given by the inspiration of the Spirit of God, and landed down to as in the course of God's holy' providence. This word of troth is ^pfe''* in the text to mean 'The gospel of your salvation.' The word of troth does not. mean here simply true doctrine, 'but that word which is truth, or which conveys to us saving troth. It is 'the ?gospel of your salvation.' It is that gospel which is elsewhere isaid to be « the power of God onto sal-ration to every one that beUeveth.' The word of truth is here equivalent to «?the gospel of your salva -tjon.** Bat the word gospel is used in a more KwiifnH and in a more general sense in ?fita Scriptures. In -its limited sense it inMiwi just the simplest expression of God's way of saving men. Ton have no better «pitome of the Gospel than that given by our Lard Himself in John's Gospel, ch. iii, 16 : ' God so loved the world,' &c; But the word gospel may be used to designate God's entire revelation. It is one whole in which man's ruin and salvation .are revealed. In ths text gospel of salvation is equivalent to 'word of truth,' and both embrace the whole of Scripture. All Scripture, like so -many rays of light, converge and centre into Christ. You cannot read Scripture so ?ob to understand the mind of God without ?finding Christ in it all; and He is the very essence of the Gospel. 'The word of truth — the gospel of your salvation' — may therefore be regarded as the whole of God's revelation. We would have no revelation from God wers it not for His purposes of £raee and salvation for sinners of the fp^*i«m Tamq*. Sot this word of God, this gospel of salvation, must be heard if we are to be saved. Many of the millions of -the inhabitants of our world have never yet heard the ' word of truth.' They still sit in the region and shadow of death. They S3iow 'nothing of £F»* love of God, or the death of Christ. The word of truth has not reached them ; the Church of God has not jet executed her commission, ' Go into all ?the world and preach the gospel unto every creature.' But we have heard the ' word ?of truth,' the gospel of salvation. God, in TT»g*»'??y immdence, has given us the Book of mtgmvA Scripture, aiKTHeiiaE given «Sso- the living voice of pastors and teachers. You have read the word of truth, and you have heard it expounded and applied. But there are two ways of hftarmg. There is 'hearing' merely with the external ear, and the JHxu-mg whereby the Gospel reaches the heart. Some have long heard the word of truth and yet are not in a state of salvation. ' They hear the word of truth with the bodily v car, and it enters the intellect. The result is that they can speak of the Gospel with great exactness, and even explain the way of salvation with remarkable''cleaniess of language, and yet they are not themselves in Christ. The word of truth thm heard may have effect on their moral character, and yet these persons may not be 'born again.' Hence our Lord so often in His earthly ministry warned His hearers, say ing, ' Take heed how ye hear.' And after his ascension to glory, when he appeared in vision - to John in Fatmos, said over and over again, 'He that hath an ear Jet him hear what the Spirit saith to the Churches.' If we would hear God's word aright we must remember that it is God fhtA speakB. In the first verse of tha Epistle to the HebrewB it is said, 'God who at sundry tfmaa and in diverse manners spake in -™» past unto *&-' fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken -unto us by his son.' The point to be noticed here is, God spake and God still speakB. God spake by the prophets. The tnrmrita. for expressing this truth was, ** Thus saith the Lord.' When Christ came He was, emphatically, the revelation of the leather. God speaks. Brethren, let us sever forget that when we go to this Book it is God'B voice we hear. It is a message fwan the throne to you individually as much as if yon were the solitary inhabitant of this exeat world. God sneaks when He tells you 'All have sinned and come short of God's glory.' God speaks when His word tells you that you are condemned already — lhat all who are of the deeds of the law are under the curse. God speakB to you personally when Jesus Christ tells you that *? God so loved the world,' &c; God speaks when it is said, ' Now hath he commanded all men everywhere to repent.' God speaks in all the messages of the GospeL And God speaks in^he promises that build up *out strengthen the child of God on his way to glory. The question, then, for us is, have we heard the word of truth, the fiospel of salvation, just as the voice of the Jiving and true God addressed to us from f-Jio throne in the heavens. Oh ! it is when you hear the word for yoursdf, not as the word of Twnaij but as it is in truth the word of the living God, that you get the blessing. You sometimes go from home for some ffmp One day you receive a letter from some dear one at home ; you read it ; you almost fancy you see the form and hear the voice of that one whose letter you read. Brethren, we are all -from home, and the Bible is to us God's letter inviting us home gmi showing us the way. Let us therefore seek to read the Bible and to hear sermons just as we would the voice of the Lord. ' Ye heard the word of truth, the Gospel of your salvation,' But after the hearing comes ' believing ' — ' Ye believed.' This Is the order in God's saving dealings with pjnTiorg- After bearing comes believing. But we must be careful here, as it is the vital point. There is a believing that is not saving. If we would make a right begin ning we must notice that there are two dosses of Scripture texts in which the word 'believe' is used. In one set of passages we finH the form, 'To believe a person.' To one who relates to me some circumstance of which I had no previous knowledge, I Bay, ' I believe you ; ' that is, ' I give credit to your statement.' This form of expression is used of Prophets and Apostles, and of our Lord Himself, to signify the credit given to the speaker. Our Lord said to the Jews, 'Had ye believed -Moses, ye would have believed me.' In the Book of the Acts we read, 'They believed Philip preaching the things concerning the king dom of God.' To the woman of Samaria our Lord said, 'Woman, believe me, the hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain nor yet in Jerusalem worship the Father.' This is a belief in doctrine, and a belief g«^tiHa.1 to the Christian. This is the sense in which the word faith is used in 11th. Hebrews. The true Christian fcdiera God. But there is another class of passages m which the form of expression U ' believe on ' one, or 'on the name ' of one, or 'believe in' one. To the jailer Paul and Silas 'said, ' Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved.' Our Lord says, 'Whosoever believeth in me shall not perish, but have eternal life.' Aw* again, ' He that believeth on Him is not condemned.' John Baptist says, ' He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life.' This form of expression is never used in Scripture of any creature. We never read of 'believing' on Paul or on Isaiah. It always nignififfl that trust which is proper to be placed in God only. Saving faith is beautifully described in John i, 12, where we read, ' To as many as received Him, to them He gave power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on His name.' Here believing on His name is put for receiving Him. Saving faith is receiving a living personal Saviour as God's gift to us. It is trusting Him with the entire matter of our salvation. In -i^».iing with the very question of our individual salvation we. must be carefuL Be lieving the doctrine of Scripture is not receiving Christ ; it may lead to receiving Him, but the two are distinct. Your creed may be 'intelligent and sound, and yet your heart may not be right with God. Saving faith is not as I have heard some put it, ' Believe that you are saved, and you are saved.' To believe that I am in a state of salvation when such is not the case is to believe an untruth. Nor is saving faith, as others put it, ' Believe that Christ died for your sins.' The Word of God never puts that proposition before an anxious soul to be tie ground of rest. Scripture seta before me a personal Saviour and asks me to trust in Him, to roll over my whole case on TTJTn. My warrant for accepting salva tion is, not the proposition that Christ died for my sins, but that God offers me Christ TTrmgglf — a whole Christ and a whole atonement. The relation between hearing and believing in the text may be thus illustrated : Suppose the case of a- prodigal son. This son has grievously offended and injured his father, and from fear or shame, or both, he has gone away from his father's house. ' By and bye, the father learne where his son is, he writes that son a kindly letter, in which he says ' Notwithstanding your bad deals, I lore you still, I forgive you all; come home again.' The son's mind is at once relieved. But what has done it ? Is it the few words written on the paper he holds in his hand? No, it is more ; the son feels that behind the words there is a heart that loves, forgives, and invites. So with God. He has sent me His word. He has revealed His love. He has shown me His Son who died for sin and is now on the right 'hand in all the merits of THb death. God offers me this Saviour as my Saviour. I read the writing, but I see behind it a heart that loves, for gives, invites — a Father who has given His Son to be the Saviour of sinners. I rest on Him; I trust in Him; I believe on His name ; I take Him as my Saviour. Such, then, is the hearing and be liayingthat goes before the sealing. IL And let us now come to the sealing itself. ' Ye were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise.' The Divine order is hearing, believing, and sealing. It is the Spirit that seals, the believer ; but the sealing comes after the believing. Lest there should be any misunderstand ing here, let me notice that salvation, in ite application, is all of the Spirit. There is no profitable h*-«-riT»-r but where the Spirit has opened the ears, and there is no believing but where the Spirit has revealed the object of faith and produced faith in the souL Let us remem ber that salvation is of God. But our God is Father, Son, and Spirit. I can't get salvation without the love of the Father -r I can't get salvation without . the work and death of Christ; and I can't get salvation but by the work of the Spirit on my souL In salvation we need, if I may so speak, a whole God — Father, Son, and Spirit. But this is iust what God has nrovided. No freer is the work of Christ finished on Calvary for you than the work of the Spirit. Sometimes anxious souls 6peak of the work of the Spirit in the most desponding way, as if God. had made no provision for our utter helplessness in His GospeL Some anxious souls feel as if it would be a relief to them if only they could accept Christ of themselves independent of the Spirit. That is J-sea3lf=P._i!jfiy ttt-za.'t. towesc Hierr own hearts nor the Spirit of God. WhatTare you more willing to be'saved than the Spirit is to deal savingly with you? What is the testimony of Christ ? ' Ye will not,' ye are not willing. Now when the Spirit deals savingly with a souL it is by showing that soul Christ. You don't see the Spirit. Our Lord tells us that the Spirit shall not speak of Tfimgplf. Christ came to reveal the Father, and the Spirit comes to reveal Christ. There is a divine and human side in salvation. You see both in Christ's parables. In the parable of the lost sheep you see the divine side. The shepherd goes after the lost sheep, finds it, and brings it back. In the paiable of the prodigal son you see the human side. The prodigal comes to himself, resolves to go home to his father, goes, and gets a hearty welcome. But in all cases of conversion both are joined. The Spirit reveals Christ and drawB the soul ; and at the Bame time the soul comes to the Saviour and accepts. The Spirit* s work does not destroy your personality nor relieves you from responsi bility. The Spirit, in His saving opera tions, is just as much the gift of God as the Son in His redeeming work. The salva tion that God offers you in the Gospel is a full and complete salvation. It is so free that you are responsible for the offer. Hearing and believing savingly are never effected without the Spirit. There is no pass ing fromdeath to lif e — from condemnation to justification — without the Spirit. And yet the sealinsr of the Spirit in the text comes after the hearing and believing. The converting and sealing operations of the Spirit are different, the one preceding the other. The one department of the work is lite opening the door and entering into the house, and the other is continuing to dwell in the house. The general idea conveyed by the words ' Ye were sealed by the Holy Spirit ' is that the Holy Ghost secures the constancy and perseverance of all believers. But the figure used is very beautiful and instructive. A seal may be used for either of the following purposes : — 1, To stamp a thing as genuine ; 2, To mark a thing as one's property; 3, To render something secure. And in all these senses the believer is sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. Each believer is part of the body of Christ, and, as such, animated -with the Spirit of Christ. The Holy Spirit dwells in tie believer. God seals a believer when by the Holy Spirit He una.rlrg him as a genuine child of grace. The seal, when applied, produces an impression, stamps an image. But the impression produced is different from the seal that produces it. The image stamped on the soul by the Holy Spirit is the image of Christ. Hence, believers are said to be created anew after the image of Him who created them. Christ is formed in the soul, the hope of glory. Is your soul stamped with the image of Christ? Are you formed after His likeness? If so, it is the sealing of .the Spirit whereby you are marked as a genuine Christian. And more, this image once stamped on the soul can never be effaced. God will always see it there as the mark of reality. Men will see the image in so far as the believer walks in the light. ' Ye are the light of the world. Let your light so shine that men may see your good works and glorify your father in heaven.' You will see that image yourself in so far as you walk with God. Oh ! then, let the true children of God see that they do not mar the image of God on their souls. Sin will obscure it, just as the coating of dust on the mirror obscures the image it reflects. 'As ye have received Christ Jesus the Lord so walk ye in Him.' But are you sealed, brethren ? Ere you can seal a document you must soften the wax, otherwise it will not receive the impression. And so in grace. The hard heart will not receive the impression. The Spirit must take away the hard heart and give one that is impressible. Oh! have we got the impressible heart — the new heart. A seal is used to mark something as one's property. God marks His people as His own property. 'Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed we servants or our -Jod in their foreheads.' Those who hare the seal of the Spirit are thereby claimed as God's property. 'The Lord hath set apart the godly for Himself.' ' They shall be mine, saith the Lord, in the day that I make up my jewels.' We must not forget, however, that God malrrw a much larger '?jpim than this. He says, 'All souls are mine.' No man on earth belongs to *-i'»'-if If men had not been bliniedT they-' would have seen every day, written on their foreheads, ' Ye are not your own.' But ihey five and act as if they were their own. God's natural claim is disregarded. But He has another claim upon His people, a claim of peculiar tender ness. Of believers it is said, 'Ye are not your own, for ye are bought with, a price.' Believers are ' the ransomed of the Lord.' They are His 'purchased posses sion.' 'The Lord's portion is His people, Jacob is the lot of His inheritance.' The Spirit seals believers by marking them out as God's redeemed ones. In one sense there are many marirp There are the marks of repentance, faith, lov£, peace, joy, and hope. But all are included in the sealing of the Spirit. And what a thought this is! All that distinguishes the believer here on earth are the marks of Divine ownership. Your faith, your hope, your joy, all tell that you are not your own, but bought' with a price. To belong to God as His purchased posses sion is the highest glory of life. Oh let believers see that they walk worthy of this position. A seal is applied to render .what is sealed secure. Jeremiah tells us that when he purchased the field of Hanameel, his uncle's son, he subscribed the evidence and sealed it. Thus he rendered it secure as his purchased possession. So in like manner does God act with His purchased possession. When Christ purchased the Church He sent the Spirit to seal and so secure that possession. After we have by the Spirit been converted we are still unable to keep ourselves. But we are sealed, and so rendered secure by the Spirit. Belie vers are 'sealed to the day of redemption.' All is of God. If the inheritance in heaven is reserved for men, it is for those 'who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation.' Our security is of God. It is the sealing of the Spirit. What great and precious privileges belong to the children of God! They are sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. The Holy Spirit dwells and works in them. The real Christian is, if we might so speak, a kind of incarnation of the Spirit. He dwells in and animates the body of Christ, of which every believer is a member. In Gal. iv., 6, we read ' God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts, crying Abba Father.' In Bom. viiL, 15, we read ' Ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry Abba Father.' Comparing the two pas sages we find that the cry of the Spirit dwelling in the believer, and the cry of the believer as inhabited by the Spirit, are the same. Both cry ' Abba Father.' Or we may, more properly, say the cry of the believer and the cry of the Spirit sweetly blend together in the one cry, ' Abba Father.' And this is the cry of conscious Sonship. The Spirit so identifies Himself with the believer in whom He dwells that He makes the believer's case His own. How many use the Lord's Prayer who cannot look up and say ' Our Father' in the Spirit of adoption! That-is the privilege of those only in whom the Spirit dwells and whom He seals. It is the happy privilege of those who have the seal of the Spirit. The text tells us that not only does the Spirit seal, but He is the 'earnest of our inheritance.' A-n earnest is the first instalment paid over as a pledge that all shall be paid in due time. Sometimes when a servant is hired a small coin is given as an earnest of the wages. The idea is, as certainly as you now get that coin shall you get the whole wages agreed upon at the proper time. So in salvation. The Spirit is the foretaste' and pledge of all that is laid up for believers in Heaven. ' By the indw cllincr of the Spirit the believer is now a partaker of grace, and that grace is the earnest of glory. Ail that the Spirit confers upon as here may be regarded as but the earnest of what awaits us in Heaven. Have w.e, then, got the Spirit dwelling in us, as the giver and sustainer of spiritual life ? If so, this is the earnest and pledge of what is to come. Have we got the Spirit of adoption ? This is the earnest and pledge of our final admis sion into our Father's house. Dear friends, every gleam of spiritual joy, every holy thought, every development of grace, every victory of faith is an earnest of the harvest to be reaped in glory. All is the work of .the Spirit. HL We come now briefly to the last point of the text — The purpose of the sealinsr- I refer to the purpose of the sealing wiST regard'~to~bieHevers and -their redemption. The great and highest end of redemption^ God's glory, as shown in the last words of v. 14 : ' Unto the praise of His glory.' We look here at the place and purpose of the sealing in the work of redemption. ' Ye were sealed .... until ' (or with reference to) ' the redemp tion 'of the purchased possession.' The '^purchased possession' here means Christ's people. It includes all included in the word 'Church' where it is said 'Christ loved the Church and gave Himself for it.' Addressing the Elders of Ephesus, Paul said: 'Take heed unto yourselves .... Feed the Church of God, which He purchased with Trig own blood.' That is the ' purchased possession.' And beleivers are sealed ' until the redemption of the purchased possession.' What is this redemption ? The word is sometimes applied to the work of Christ in procuring our salvation. 'Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us.' But this redemption is past. It was finished on the Cross once 1U1 ilill. l^Ui VU.V WUIU IB UMSU UETCU JXL Scripture to signify the completion of salvation in final deliverance from all the effects of sin, which is to take place when Christ comes the second 'time. Hence (Rom. 8, 23) we read of ' the redemption of the body ;' and again, of the ' day of redemption.' This is the idea in the text. ' Ye were sealed for the purpose of being finally delivered from all evil' — from every vestige of the curse in soul and body. This is true of each individual believer and true of the whole Church. ' We wait,' says Paul, ' for the adoption ;' to wit, the redemption of the body. Our present adoption into God's family is as perfect as ever it can be. We shall be no more the child ren of God in Heaven than now. ' Behold now are we the sons of God,' &c.; So also our redemption, in the sense of purchase, was complete when Christ died. ' By one offering He hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.' Still, however, believ ers are the expectants of an adoption to be confirmed and a redemption to be perfected. Their adoption is now, in a great measure, concealed. Then it shall be openly pro claimed. The redemption price is already paid, but the body is not yet free from the effects of sin. Here it is fettered with many oJinging corruptions and infirmities, and is destined to the grave, where all is corruption. But the day of complete redemption draweth nigh. In virtue of the ransom paid by Christ the body shall arise from the dust, the last link of corruption being for ever dissolved. ' Our conversation is in Heaven, whence also we look for the Saviour, who shall change our vile body.' This is the redemption of the text — a redemption only to be completed when we shall be clothed with our spiritual body at the Resurrection — ' We shall sleep, but not for ever ; there will be a glorious dawn ; We Bhall meet, — to part ? No, never. On the Resurrection morn, From the deepest caves of ocean, from the desert and the plain, From the valley and the mountain, count less throngs shall rise again. In the bright eternal city death can never, never come, In His own good time He'll call us from our rest to home, sweet home.' How great are your privileges and how bright your prospects, oh, believer ! You have heard the Word of Truth ; you have 'believed ; you have been sealed by the Holy Spirit until the redemption of the purchased possession. You already have got the Spirit as the earnest of the future inheritance. Looking at the work of the Spirit in our own souls we arc often led to to say, 'Oh how small the earnest ;' yet when viewed as the pledge of the glory to be revealed in us ; how large it becomes ! Our peace here is often disturbed, yet if it be the true peace it is_ the earnest of eternal rest. Our song here is often low, and hat manya jarring note to mar its harmony, yet if it be the new song it will one day rise to the loud hosannahs of heaven. Our love here is often like as if it had caught the chill of the winter cold, yet if it be the love of Christ it will glow and mingle with the love of angels and even excel theirs. Brethren, grieve notthe Holy Spirit whereby ye are sealed to the day of redemption. '?#«,? . - ? - Live in the Spirit, pray in the Spirit, walk in the Spirit. But, alaSiMm¥iae'xtBt sealed. What is to be your portion on the day of the redemption ? You vannot hope to be ' for ever with the Lend,' till sealed with the Holy Ghost. You have-bfiferd the word of Truth, the Gospel of Salvation. Your interest is now to go to-tod about the matter. Settle, the question at once with Him. Hand over your case to the Saviour. Cease from resisting the Spirit. ' He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life, and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on him.' In his r&ntnng; remarks Mr.' 'Shearer said : I have now to explain to you Che reasons of my arrival in the colony as a Presbyterian minister. I wish it to be distinctly under stood at the very outset that the Home Church has not salt me here, nor have Z oome, from any narrow or sectarian spirit, or from any idea that the .Christian Churches already laboring here ace not doingiheir dirty. All who accurately know the Presbyterian Church are aware that it is as free from the exclusive or sectarian spirit as any Pro testant Church in Christendom. I am aware that there are persons who think very differently, but the reason is they are not sufficiently acquainted with the subject. Whilst adhering strictly to what is known in ecclesiastical, nomenclature as the Calvinistic — or, I should say, Pauline — system of doctrine, and to the Presbyterian form of government and discipline, the Presbyterian Church, all over the world, recognises trie other Protestant Churches of Christendom as so many sections of the one Church of Christ on earth. Of course I firmly believe that the Presbyterian view of Bible doctrines as set forth in the Westminster Standards, and the Presbyterian form of government and discipline, and, let me add, the Presbyterian simplicity of worship, are more in harmony with the Word of God. and practice of the Apostolic Church than those of any other Church; otherwise I could not have been a Presbyterian. But whilst I frankly say this much I recognise the other Christian Churches in this city and colony as so many branches of the Church of Christ, and shall be ever ready to co-operate with them in every good work. Being at one on nil the essential doctrines of salvation we can well afford to respect honest differences on minor points. The Presbyterian view of the Church of Christ is that it consists of all who profess the trute faith — of all who believe in the grace and love of God the Father as the only source of salvation ; in the atoning work of Christ as the only procuring cause of salvation; and in the regenerating and sanctifying work of the Spirit of God as the onlyway by. which salvation is applied to the souL And now let me add that the direct reasons of my appointment to this colony are two: First, there are many persons in the colony who were formerly members or adherents of the Presbyterian Church. It is the Church of their fathers and the Church of their youth ; and the Pres byterian Church regards it as her duty to follow these persons and their families with the means of grace wherever they become settlers. The only regret in regard to this colony is that operations have not been commenced earlier. The other reason I refer to is that in this colony, as elsewhere, there are many living without connection with any section of the Church, and the Presbyterian Church is willing and ready to lend a helping hand in trying to reclaim these, and direct them to Wim Who came into tile world to save RinngrR. 