PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. AT the Opera House " Blow for Blow" was finally played last evening. Bulwer's great comedy, " Money," will be presented this evening. Mr. Dampier's engagement at the Royal terminated last evening, and to-night two stars, who were extraordinary favourites with the public, will re-appear. They are Mr. and Mrs. "Williamson (Miss Maggie Moore) who will renew their acquaintance with a Melbourne audience in new versions of "Struck Oil" and "The Chinese Question." AtthePeople's (latePrincess) Theatre, "Kit, the Arkansas Traveller," has been played each evening during the week to fair houses, but will be replaced to-night by " Waiting for the Verdict." An amateur performance of much merit was given on Tuesday evening, at the Academy of Music, by a number of young gentlemen of whom it is remarkable that they are all Catholics, are nearly all of Irish descent, and that the majority of them, including the most capable, were educated either at St. Patrick's College or the Christian Brothers' Schools. The performance was for the benefit of the Society for the Relief of Persons of Education in Distress; and, as there was a good attendance, the benefit will be of a substantial character. Several of the performers had familiarised themselves with the most popular of Shakespeare's acting plays, and this emboldened them to undertake " Hamlet." It was an ambitious effort, yet was not unsuccessful, measured by that standard by which efforts of the land should be judged. It was, indeed, a superior effort so judged, and s few of the young gentlemen who more than others distinguished themselves would present a very respectable figure in a professional company. The cast was as follows :—Claudius, Mr. C. Potts; Hamlet, Mr. P. J. Duggan; Horatio, Mr. E. Duggan; Folonius, Mr. J. Dawbarn; Laertes, Mr. F. P. Fitzgerald; Ghost of Hamlet's Father, Mr. J. Dillon; Rosencrantz, Mr. G. Francis; Guildenstern, Mr. G. C. Muloahy; Marcellus, Mr. P. J. Fogarty; Bernardo, Mr. F. M. Mulholland; Francisco, Mr. B. McGill; Osric, Mr. D. James; First Gravedigger, Mr. J. Daiton; Second Gravedigger, Mr. A. J. Lewis; First Player, Mr. F. Kirby; Second Player, Mr. F. Leger; priest, Mr. M. Cronin; Gertrude, Mrs. Wooldridge; Ophelia, Mrs. 3\. L. Hail; Queen (player), Miss Lena Ellis. The parts of Hamlet, the Ghost, the First Gravedigger, and the Bang, were well sustained, more especially the first named. Mr. Duggan had evidently studied his part with scholarly intelligence, and had a well-defined conception of the form in which he should present it. The chief difficulty an amateur experiences consists in realising his conception, and that difficulty Mr. Duggan mastered with uncommon success. Altogether, the performance was highly creditable to the amateurs engaged in it. 