HERE AND THERE. Xullius addictus jvrare in verba inaijistri., Quo me cunqve rapil tnnpctiUis, deferor kospett. Horace. Epis. Slave to ho sect, who takes no private road, But looks through nature up to nature's God. Pors— Essay on Man. (JIRCCMSTANCES alter opinions as well as cases. The ladies all agreed that he was a 'dailing duck of a captain'; lie was 'so attentive' ; and, doubtless, the dear sympa thetic creatures used to sorrow at his hard lot when he stood on the bridge at midnight, and cooed 'For ever and for ever. ' in very different tones to those origiualty intended by Longfellow. But now that he is co respondent in a divorce suit, the feminine verdict is, of course, that he is a 'horrid man,' and that the confiding husband, who placed his wife in Captain Lotliairio's charge, ? ought to have known better. J The Government Gazette does not frequently mislead its readers by typographical errors, so I suppose it is a fact that the medical officer of the Mudgee Gaol, who certified to the due execution of Alfred, is a veterinary surgeon. The geutleman in question signs 'professionally' as V.S., but, of course that may only be a matter of etiquette— a jocose way of intimating to bis medical brethren that he considered the -work he was called upon to perform only suitable for a prac titioner in brute circles. It would, however, be interesting to prospective criminals if they could ascertain the professional status of this Mudgee medical officer. To them it possibly means the difference between nitre and Epsom salts. I do not care about the stereotyped, I ad mit, hut one would hardly expect to find an original way of informing the world that he is a happy father. In addition to being the cull/ new thing under the sun, a birth is so very common as to happen to all of us. But, without becoming too aphoristic, let me add I have discovered a novel form of birth an nouncement. It comes from the neighbour hood of Bourke, and is as follows June 9th, a son added to the family of Mrs. ? .' The proud father's anxiety to inform the world that it is not his first success, is com mendable. Considering the importance of the intimation, would it not be well if he were to adopt an algebraic formula for the announcement upon the next occasion, for instance : — ' The wife of ? I son + 5 dauchters 4- 3 sons. Bv raisins the ' quantity' to the requisite power, he could simplify matters in the event of twins, or — if his aspirations be great—triplets. Any one, short of the late Victor Emanuel, could thus keep his tally easily. Nothing but a system of cross multiplication would make the deceased monarch's family record in telligible. Notwithstanding that the game was con tinuous poker, the night was decidedly cold, and the waiter wouldn't respond to the de mand for 'some more drinks.' It was not until abont two o'clock, jest after one of the players had 'seen' his own four knaves succumb to the four queens of hiB adversary, that refreshment became imperative. ' I'll tell you what,' murmured a commercial traveller in the wine and spirit line ; ' I've got my samples,' and gliding froni the room in a ghost-of-Hamlet's-fatherly sort of way, he returned, bearing them triumphantly. And so the joviai -company made a night of it, and the winter sun rose upon a confusion of empty bottles hieroglyphically inscribed It was not until after having the bottles duly and cautiously filled up that- the unhappy traveller discovered that he had sold fifty eases of three-star, brandy — as per sample, which the customer kept— at 9b. 6d. per gallon. Such, is the unfortunate result of mixing one'* liquors. ? ; ' Most of us, no matter what our view of the late Sir Robert Peel's political creed, will agree that he was a statesman and a patriot The virtues of the father don't appear to h.ave been visited upon the present representative. Considering how 'easy it is for any one to keep a good name after it has been made for him, it seems' incredible that the letter, which most of us have read in the English news, should have been written. Any one who can ' je'cal ,the memory' ttf ' 1 Orange-Eeal, ' will think ithat, the trait is beoomingthiok- skinned and tasteless. : I -won t . commit myBelf; - but I ihitil ithe sci^teifigs tell ns that ,|«tlie way of triuig. pressors is harcL' As a married man of ever so many years' standing,'' I dori't think ihe application to bachelort will hold good; All my wooing «nd wedding was dooe without any *' Matrimpnial Agtney. ' But now they ?re smoMhing ^tEe^ray for wandeferg'from -the hyinenaVfold, ?nderan Tomut 4a *bout menial Express as more Appropriate. A Waggft cricketer, who cvidsutly admires the fair sex of Taiiiut, suggests that the latter towu should offer a cup for thd first event that the Ghronicle brings off— the inscription to be- ' Ex nihils aliquis tit. 11 But I am afraid he is both selfish and mercenary. The advantage of engaging au auctioneer who writes M.L. A. after hiB name was never fully impressed upon me until the other day. In the telegraphic columns of a Sydney daily, there appears an account of an abortive auction saletJwhich winds up in the following approved style: — 'The property is, how ever, still in the market, and to an energetic speculator there is ccrtainly a first-clasB opening. * * * * ^he health of the proprietor's family is the sole reason for his wishing to dispose of the business.' And yet it does not add ' luncheon provided.' Epsilon. 