DISTRICT NEWS. \--:O0:-- rPeOI.s OUR OoscRcPO-'rc s.] Kaengnroo Valley. O, Saturday, 26th instant, the Rev. T. Kemmis, of St, Mark's, Sydney, preached two sermons in connection with the anniversary services of the Church of the Good Shepherd. Large audiences were present on both occasion, and the collec tions were in aid of the repairs and adorn ment of the church and ground. Monday 27th, was the day chosen for laying the foundation stone of the- parsonage in connection with the sbove church. Very heavy clouds had covered the heavens for ntearly the whole of tile latter part of thes preceding day, asd several slighlt showers fell, hut the day turned out well, and so did the people, and by the time the ceremony was begun there could not have bees less thlasn 200 o0 tle ground. The site presented by A. Osborne, Esq., is on a slight eminence between the Village and the new bridge, and commands a view of the Glenamurray Estate, and the further end of the Valley, the whole gift is 12 acres. AbOut o'cloclk the proceeds were comn menced by the Rev. J. Eilcin, who excused tie non-attendance of Revs. J. W. Dymock, K. A. Korner (of Shoalhaven), and --. Shepherd (of Berrimar), who he said were spiritually present. Rev. J. Hlargrave read portion of the fourteenth chapter of St. John's Gospel. Rev. J. Stacc engaged it prayer. A. Osborne, Esq., then presented to Miss Fanny Butler a handsome trowel made by Flavelle Bros., and beariingthef'l lowing inscription :--'Presented by Mir. Alick Osbhrne to Miss Fanny Butler, osi thooccesion of laying fslsndation stone of the Anglican Parsonage at Kangaroo Valley, Jan. 27th, 1879,' and requested her to lay the foundation stone. Mfiss Butler then, on the stone beiug lowed into its place, said " I, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, declare this stone well and truly laid." She then read the following address. "Mr. and Mrs. Osborne, ladies and gentlemen, 1 feel much honoured by the position assigned to me in this interesting ceremony of to-day; ansd yet I kcow if honour were given where hoseour is due, it is to our Isind friend M1rs. Osborene that this conspicious part should have been allotted. Her long residence in your midst, her associatiots in so many ways with all that concerns the V-alley, the warm insterests saud the ready Iselp with wlsicha she Isas ever cossse forwasrd in church matters, both as regards tle church itself, sa well as the erection of thle All this and meuch smsore that I couldadd points to the hostess of Barrett garry as the fittinsg celebrant for to-day. Nevertheless, its cosispliansce with your Ikind request, I accept tele honour conferred sss sand proceed to thle ceresnony itself. I cost gratulate you upon this sigss of prosperity in the Vsalley--in tise first steps in tile erec tion of si hsossse foroUr cles-gysass. MaIay it ever be s centre of light happiness, ansd grace amsongst you. When far away from tihe shores of sunny Australia, smsy tlhoughgts will oflten come bacic to this peacefnl Valley, where I spesst many Ilsppy days, and I shsall psay tlsen as now, God speed tihe work, and bless thle elserehl, thse property of the priest and thle fold of the Church of tle Good Slsephserd." Rev. T. Keommis then addressed tise audi ence, setting forth the advantages tlsat will accrue froiss thle clergymisa's hsomo being sitnated its tiee valley. He felt more tlsns coeslnlOt inlereot in this place, sss seven years aigo he was privileged to preach onee of the opening services in conesection with this .ishuroh of thle Good Shleplse-d. Ho lsens gave a very isteresting address uposn smine, leading from the earthly hoese to those "nssasy sansioss'" whsichs Isad forssscd tise subject of tis lesson read by Mr, Rsargraves, He concshded by aslsing tsesm to let tlseir sysnpatlsy takle a prsictical form, and give as God Ihad prospered tlhem. T'ie Doxology was tlhes sung, and subsh qcuently £04 19s 6d were laid on tise stoese. Horhury Hunt, Esq. (the archsitect), next addressed thle audience, sand tooks occasioss to issspress upona all who blad atsything to do wil thee 6rection, tb perform tlseir work fasitlsfully. The cosspany then adjourned to the booth, and did full justice to thse bunsd ance of good tlsings vitllh irwicel thee tables were filled. Tihe bruce auction followed tise tea, sand stas conducted by 1r. J, Sieswart, Thsere was a very lasrge variety of lots, consisting of pigs, shseep, poultry, bools,'fasey work, A-c., Ac., assd all realised satisfisetory prices. A large trade was dosse also in lucicy bags, fruit and refreshment stalls, -c. ;in fasct, the inducemsents to invest were sa numerous, that thle only wonder is that any persons except the treasurer loft the grounsd aith any nsonsey in their pockets. In the evening an enturtaitsment, unde the name oft GrIve asid Gay," eas givdsw in the Cosmopolitans Rall. The lites-iry portion was wholly ussdertltken by the Rov. T. Keessmis. and consistedl of vwrioess readings "Tise musical portioss, whlich alternsated with tle reading, was perforissed by Mesdaises Qsehorno asl W ser, ansd bsy Mlr. Billyard. " it is nee£Thee tojSartietlariso where all wsis so well arne, asd tsose who had tise privilege oltening to tise Rev. ', Kstmit, ssnd-th'hal waes full hsad a literry treat; Mr. Kommis being unques tionably the best reader that the Valley hbs Votes of thanks to the performers, ladies, Mr. O. Robinson for the use of the hall, and the Chairman, with the singing of the National Anthem brought the enter tainment to a close at 10.30 o'clock. The gross proceeds of the day amounted to £119.' Theo parsonage will cost nearly £1300 and is to be completed in 15 months. Mr. Tanner, of oBroughton. Creek, is the con tractor. : J 'ahary'29th. 