.; GUNDAROO. (From a Correspondent?) On Sunday, March 9th, his Lordship the Right. Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, blessed the foundations of a church at Ghindavoo to be dedicated to St. Joseph, the glorious Patron of ? ' the Universal Church. Father Caw, the visiting . - pi'iest of that, portion of the Yass pariah, was , , employed during the week previously in making the necessary preparations, and in having the children and others instructed for the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation, which was also on the occasion administered by the Bishop. At 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, Father O'Eeeffe celebrated mass, at which about seventy per sons received Holy Communion. There being no suitable place in the township, his Lordship celebrated the same morning an early mass at M. Donnelly's, where lie was hospitably entertained during Ins stay or tour any* m the locality. At 10 o'clock precisely, the Bishop having arrived and vested in his pontifical robes in a large tent erected in the vicinity, and proceeding to the site of the now church, accompanied by the priests and a large concourse of people, blessed the foundations and laid the foundation stone of the church. The Bishop and priests, this portion of the ceremonial being concluded, returned to the tent, where the Holy Sacrifice was celebrated by Father Chit, after which his Lord ship the Bishop ascended the altar steps and de livered a most eloquent and able exposition of our holy Catholic faith, accommodated in a very particular manner to the exigencies of the very important occasion. The sermon lasted for up wards of an hour, and will undoubtedly be pro ductive of those useful fruits which cannot fail to aid, even in the far-off future, tile priest in his missionary labours in that part of the district. Immediately after the sermon, according to an nouncement, Father O'Keeffe and Father Can stood at the entrance to the tent and the contri , butions of the faithful were taken towards the building of the sacred edifice to be erected in honour of the great Saint — the foster-father of our Blessed Saviour Jesus Christ. The subscriptions amounted to the sum of over £200, besides promises, which, of course, will be in a short time realized. At 2 o'clock the children and adults, sixty-two in number, prepared and instructed by Father Carr, assembled again in the tent, to receive at the . hands of their great and venerable Bishop the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost to enable them for the time to come to fight the good fight, and to die if necessary in the cause of Christ. As soon as the candidates were eon firmed his Lordship addressed them at con siderable length, pointing out the use they should make of the spiritual gifts and graces which they , had just received, and exacted a promise from them to abstain from the use of intoxicating drinks until the age of twenty-one years, the use of colonial wines alone being permitted. Next day, Monday, at nine o'clock, the Bishop and priests and lay people assembled at the cemetery, , where the ceremony of consecrating the resting place of the dead took place. Here it may be well to remark that a strip of ground the entire length of the cemetery towards the west and about twelve feet in width was left unconsecrated as a burial place for those to whom the Church denies the rite of Christian burial. His Lordship then returned to Goulburn, accompanied as far as . . Gunning by Father O'Keeffe, and so ended the most remarkablo event ever witnessed by the people of Gundaroo. March 12th, 1879. Codrington. — Wo learn from our correspon dent, whose letter we have been unable to insert this week, that Mrs. Gray, wifo of Mr. Gray, blacksmith, of South Casino, was accidentally drowned while washing clothes in the river near her residence the week before last. The deceased, who is deeply regretted, leaves a large and highly respectable family. Paeramatta. — A large and influential meet ing of the inhabitants of Parramatta and district was held at the Court House on Monday evening ? ? last, Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., presiding, for the purpose of co-operating with the Commissioners of the Sydney International Exhibition of 1879 in the representation of the Cumberland district thereat. The meeting, which was a most orderly and enthusiastic one, was addressed by the Chair manj the Very Rev. Archdeacon Ki-niey, J Gollege, J.P., F. Cox, J.P., S. J. Pearson, Esq., E. Mason, J.P., and others ; and it was unani . ? mously decided to cordially co-operate with the Commissioners, and a large and influential com mittee was formed to carry out this resolution. The action of the local Borough Council was severely condemned. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for tho interest he had taken in this matter _ having been carried by acclamation, and suitably acknowledged, the meeting termi nated with cheers for the Queen. Mb. Winter and Miss Gordon, while attempt ing to cross the Namoi river in a buggy at ? . Carroll, were swept down the stream by the°ioree of the current, and it is considered almost, miraculous how they managed to save their lives. Their buggy horses and all their luggage were taken down the river and have not been re covered. Rain in Queensland.— A correspondent writing from Queensland, whose letter we are unable to make room for, states that for some time back very heavy rains have fallen over most part of the colony, and that there is an abundance of grass and forage everywhere. We have been requested to ' call attention to Wanzer II sewing machines sold by Messrs Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. Competent authorities' have recommended it for its simplicity, good finish, and consequent durability, and the ease with which every purchaser attains proficiency in its use. It is also said to bo by far the best \- ? and most economical family machine yet intro duced. 