[?] Luke Mivers' Harvest. By N. WALTER SWAN. The ' Sydney Mail' Prize Tale. Chapter XV.— Mr. Miters, Jun\, Tries a Horse. When it became known that Luke Mivers, Jan., wa« found stabbed half a mile up the flat from Narrgummie, the township was perturbed to its centre. That such a CHcmnfit&nce; could occur amongst them fermented the society with a strong leaven. They seemed to have some vague dread of Asiatic justice being meted out to them, and hinted at the probability of the old man foreclosing all his mortgages— which were by no means few — as a punish ment to the inhabitants amongst whom such an outrage was possible. An indignation meeting was proposed ; but the constable who conserved her Majesty's laws there inti mated (hat the ends of justice required silence, and with these ends he bound the people to eschew any demonstra tion. Nevertheless bullock-drivers gave up searching. for their teams at a flagrantly early hour, and adjourned to the hotels to talk the matter over ; selectors sauntered down for a like purpose, till Narrgummie wore quite a festive and nourishing appearance. The policeman, who was intimate with the schoolmaster, advised with him concern ing a report which that gentleman (who assured his friends with great mystery of manner that he was connected with the Melbourne Press) undertook to write. He ascertained the position of the wounded man, inquired minutely into the surroundings, and advised with emphasis that Johnny the blackfellow be set to trace the direction taken by the barefooted robber, there being no doubt of the young man having been despoiled of a large sum. It was true, he admitted, that Johnny was always drunk, but iu a case of this description instinct would triumphantly conquer alcohol, and the black man's sagacity would assert itself. Thereupon the schoolmaster retreated to the depths of a room he called his study, and wrote an elaborate description which, in justice to himself as a scholar and a gentleman, he liberally embellished with Latin. One of the boundary riders galloped off to Dr. Bellamy, who resided twenty- five miles away, and that worthy practitioner came promptly and prescribed absolute quiet, spoko to the servant about . 'healing with the first intention,' and altogether behaved in a clever and profound manner on that and all subsequent occasions. When young Mivcrs opened his eyes it was upon the sad twilight of his room, and when told of what had occurred he lay wearily back before recurring stupor. The loss of blood and the mental unrest induced a fever that seized and maddened him to incoherent ravings, and held him on the border-land of phantasy for weeks -together. His last coherent direction was that his father should not be - formed of the circumstance, and when he awoke to the world again it was to inquire if his instructions had been attended to. He seemed to have but slept an hour ; the twilight was gatheringjm the room and blotting out the thin spring sunlight that quivered weakly on the floor and walls. The, failit amber of the sky outside was wearing a metallic coldness, and a strange wan sadness above the darkening hill lines. In dreamy restfulness he saw the stars come where the colours of the 6un lingered, and heard the distant Bounds of life outside. Down beyond the flat might be seen the lights of die houses, and he raised himself slowly on his elbows and tried to look, but only saw tho fading country below. When the nurse crept in like a ghost, and moved about the room, the half -dead memory of the gnomes and spirits that companioned him revived, and his heart trembled at the fleeting snatch of memory that caught him. 'Who are you?' 11 1 am the nurse, sir. The doctor says you mustn't talk ; and you're out of danger, 6ir, if you keep quiet.' ' Light a candle, and send Joe the boundary rider here.' 'But, sir ? ' Mr. Mivers tried to raise himself on his arm again, but failed ; he could only reply by a peremptory motion of liis hand. ' Well, sir,' eaid Joe, Boon after, as he sat near by the lighted candles, ' you've had a bad time on it. Tried all we knew to find the robber what stabbed you, but no go, sir.' 'Sit a little closer, Joe, and don't spoak so loud. You've been to Snorter's since V' ' Every blessed day, sir ; the old 'un gives me a nobbier every time I come to tell him how you are, an' I can always see Miss Shorter, sir, listenin' behind the door.' The sick man'B eyes became brighter, and he spoke with greater strength. ' When you go to-morrow, or say to night, tell them I am getting all right, and the first person I asked for was her, Miss Shorter ; you understand?' 'Yes, sir.' When Joe left the presence and got outside, he dis charged his surprise in a long, low whistle. ' Well,' said he, addressing himself on the point, ' he is soft on her an' do mistake ; my boundary ridin' will be the station and Shorter' s, and Shorter' s and the station. I don't object ; it ain't half a bad billet.' As Mivere' strength grew, bo grew the old passion — at first with a pathetic yearning, and later with the old strength and the reality of its remorseless occupancy. Her face with its radiance and its sorcery was the embodi ment of the thought that starred his prospects through the nights and through the days. Her face came to him ftnnntrnp and searching as it hod been duibkrie. Near at hand ana far out en the coming years it hovered ; he was not once alone or without her; for him only that brilliant smile and the whole fascination of her. She his wife, in the glancings of jewels and swish of silks— her splendid self, her thrilling laugh— all his ; and so the mad boy licked his gyves. Youth and longing raised him from his bed, and he was driven down by Joe one evening when night had come. The old bar was full of the well-known gloom; the wretched candle was manufacturing stalactites, , and flickering dishonourable treaties at the darkness which it could not eubdue ; while the -old year- worn man was to be Been twisting bis fingers in his unreal fashion, and fawn ing to imaginary customers. Hie head was white in the dimness, and his old unreadable face nodding slowly at the fire in confidential intercourse. Beyond, the door of the room where she eat was partly open, and a glow of comfort crept past, making the gloom without the darker by the contrast. Mivcrs came in slowly and would have caught the old man's hand ; but the bleached host bowed so low and was so heartily joyful and thankful to Gee him again, that the proffered hand was not observed. 'The old man, sir, has been tfiinVJnir of you: not this day alone, but every day since the accident, and wondering when his humble roof would shelter you again. It is truly a happy moment for me to 6ee Mr. Mivers out, and — — I was going to say well, but say — convalescent ; and my daughter, Mr. Mivers— dear girl*; but she is.inside. This way, sir.' Never with more humility did the aged hotelkeeper show his guest out of the bar towards the parlour ; never did the happiness of having such a gentleman as Mr. Mivers below his roof burthen him with so great an obliga tion. 'There, sir,' pushing open the door jealously. ' You'll find the old chair— your chair— in the old place, le! he! This is like old times again, Mr. Mivers; you're 'welcome, you're welcome; go in, go in. I'll bring you a drop of wine, sir, just a little to strengthen and welcome yon. Go in.' She was before him in reality at last — the look that had fmnTifai him, the smile that had won him, and the voice whose echoes had never left him. She held out both her bands, giving him yet more joy with the lights in her face, file glister of her heavy hair, the sweep ef her throat, and u^n be^reST ™* '** *** etia&* ?***««? ' old'L^c?nfore.^ey0a'Mr'Mivere- Sitdowninthe 'Give me a better welcome, Margaret,' he asked, en freaungly 'after the absence and the dangcr-a better welcome than this : I ma v fairly ask it.' You must not indeed,' she replied, searching his eyes with hers; 'I know what the doctor said and he shall' be obeyed, so that you may soon get strong-no excitement. Itou see I know, and you look bo pale and worn. You have had a long sickness.'* ' Did you find it long ? ' Her lashes fell ; then she looked up with a soft reproach in them that made him almost giddy. ' When you are strong enough you shall tell me how it all happened.' i r* iV!'mWe-.v&yi; Margaret, did vou ever eee Pelan since he left the station above ? ' ' Just the shadow of pallor came to her as ehe bent over her crochet-work before raising her head with a faintly heightened colour. ' J'1** dtf you say, Mr. Mivere ? ' ! «??¥* lf 7OU h4d 6een pdan «''* ne a** l parted.' Did / see him ! What, that companion of vours that came here to play cards ?' She laughed pleasant music 'Whydoyouaskme? I saw him coming away from your place one night,' putting her hand up to hide a trouble some yawn, ' possibly he was here. He might have been in the bar. Father,'^to the old man as he entered with the welcoming and strengthening wine, ' Mr. Mivers wants to know if that gentleman who stayed with him at the station and played cards hero sometimes has been here since he parted with him. You must remember who I mean,' she added, cutting in at his pause ; ' he was called Pun ? ' ' No, Pelan,' said Mivers in correction. ' Pelan,' repeated Mr. Shorter, very slowly ; ' of course I^remember him. He may have been in the bar of course. Yes, 6ir, he— may — have — been — in ; but if I were asked now, upon my oath, I should say I was doubtful. I should indeed, Mr. Mivers; being asked if of my own own personal knowledge I knew, I should hesitate— hesitate most decidedly to give what lawyers would call a satisfactory answer, attributable wholly to ray poor memory,' the quality of which he emphasised by digging one of his fingers at the wrinkles of his forehead. ' I heard that that gallant and clever gentleman had left you. You will feel his loss I have no doubt.' Mivers' brows knitted, and the old scowl gathered. ' Yes, I feel it now,' putting his hand unconsciously to where the stab was. ' I feel his loss so much, Mr. Shorter, that I wish I had never seen him.' He cleared again, speaking in that palpitating, childish way so frequently a residue of illness. ' We'll speak of that again, Margaret. I want to tell you to-night that Astor has been thoroughly broken to carry a lady, and I am advised gentle horse exer cise. You say the doctor's instructions must be attended to, will you assist me to carry them out ? ' Shorter was silently pulling his beard behind them, and covered the examination bis eyes were bestowing on the speaker. He raised his face 'benignly to his guest, and looked across him to where his daughter sat, with blinking satisfaction while he twined his fingers. ' My daughter, sir, is a good horsewoman, that I know, and you would not willingly offer her a dangerous mount, Mr. Mivers i ' Thus apprailcd to he answered with a laugh, but there was a good deal of feeling in it. ' I did offer the horse as a mount for a few rides. I now offer it to your daughter altogether, if she chooses to accept it.' Shorter made haste to reply warmly, 'I was never wrong in my estimation of a gentleman, and you are one, sir — one of those that we seldom meet.' The girl's head had remained bent in a quiet attitude of attention. There was a motion of the features before she raised it to show a smile that was not sunny but had a far away expression of discontent . ' You are too generous, Mr. Mivers. and if riding out with you will improve your health I shall be most happy to assist in its re-establishment.' There lingered a fretting on her brow and a weariness in her voice notwithstanding the music of its intonations or the richness of the lips that formed the words. He put hi6 hand upon her caressingly, ' Astor is yours.' The feeling in his voice and the intensity clothed by the words shook her. The 6hines at her throat and darting from below her heavy hair quivered about her in quick movements as glittering to a wild thought, but the calmness came again and usurped the mystery in her unreadable eyes and sat on the riddle of her peerless face. Chapter XVI. — A Stock Hunt. One morning when the clouds were high and distant hills looked near, with the atmosphere lucid and buoyant, and the shadows racing gleefully on the meadow lands, horses' feet beat down the 6ilent Narrgummie street, and the new appointments of Astor struck back the sun with each of Ms impatient movements. Mivcrs led him down beside his own shining-skinned hunter, and sat his horse so well that a couple of old bandy-legged stockmen stopped admiringly, and looked back emphasising their admiration by prodigal disseminations of tobacco -juice and more than one florid oath of approval. Quietly 'upon the paths among the trees, and away into the day, side by side, where waters rippled and voices sang and the whole murmer of the day made happiness — away on the eager horses over the soft tiirf and the rolling uplands, overshadows and across tracks that were new, and into silence that seemed deepening to a great pause before the charm of earth and sky — they cantered on. But upon the hills there grew ruffling sounds ; there were swift specks of motion on the green and among the shades, and there came out at last the singing pistol cracks of stockwhips. Mivers' face began to wear a startled trouble as he galloped swiftly along the base of the bills. ' Patterson's party is out to-day,' he explained hurriedly, ' and we must pass yon gully before the mob comes down. The beasts would frighten Astor.' The place named was a shallow glade scarcely deep enough to catch a shadow or show a depression among the tree-tops. Spots of red and dun and black and white flashed across the spaces among the trees like the changes of a kaleidoscope to the flanking vollies of whips singing out like a.fcu-dt-joic. ' Gallop, Margaret, we must try top speed,' Mivers said earnestly, and the two horses shot away as though the riders bore colours, were sought for by thousands of faces, and were cheered up the straight. Miss Shorter was an unusually good horsewoman, and they passed the green paths, spuming the country behind them like a dream. One huge log barred the way, lying across the course like a mammoth centipede with its long black ungainly body, the twisted branches.raising it up to a dangerous height. It was a heavy leap but needful to take it to pass the gully in time. As Mivcrs settled into his seat he said, ' The horse is fit if you are not afraid of it.' She flung her head and hair back in the pleasure she felt, and took the reins with a firmer hand. ' Be cautious, Margaret.' But die horses had quickened to the barrier, and they rose together with a bound that would have called cheers from racing men, having flown the leap with scarce an effort. Miss Shorter looked at her companion with pride in her eyes and face, with the thought of thanking him again for his magnificent present. There was a new expression upon her, and an eager sincerity that seemed to have conquered her habitual repose, but the whip-cracks were coming closer and he polled his hat down, asking her huskily to ride on. The noise of hoofs was growing and the wave of sound was ' travelling along the valley with a roll of thunder. There were wild snortinge up there qt die reckless stockchase. Only those sounds, the beatings of hundreds of feet, and the ringing whips were to be heard as the mass of life rushed down in an irresistible surge. Patterson's men, with their fourteen- feet lashes, cut their warnings out, and where they fell blood flowed, mixing with foam on the sides of the frightened beasts. Just up from the mouth of the valley the forest of horns was travelling in a headlong rush, and below the two riders were galloping past the breaker that was coming towards them. There was not an instant to lose, the gully being but passed as the whole column of life flowed out on Che plain._ A big dun bull stopped sawing the air for a time, and with his head down rushed thunderingly at Astor. Jack Shea was alongside at once, and his cruel whip cut a track of blood on the glisten ing skin. 'Gallop on,' he shouted, whistling the lash round him and bringing it back with another report on the shoulder of ihe scrubber. The brute fell sullenly into the mob as the riders passed, with die cutting whips rushing them to the cattle- vard wings, hidden with boughs, there to be wedged before the horses into the strong enclosure. The gallop paced on below the arching boughs as cattle and men streamed over tree trunks like breakers, and the red-shirted riders patched the route with dartings of colour. One of the more dangerous of the mob dropped behind and ran bellowing back to the camp above. The Etockmen had no time to follow. There was a sudden smashing of boughs, a short fierce snort, and the ponderous brute shot across Margaret Shorter'e horse. He propped and sprang madly away as hie rider lost her balance and fell caught by the dipper. The young man's face sank into a leaden fright as be galloped to the horse's head, and flung out from his saddle, hanging to the animal's neck and by the bit to stay hie flight and stop the dragging of the girl he loved. It was a desperate risk, but it succeeded. The space was clear and no fallen trees were in the course, otherwise the story of Margaret Shorter would have been all told. It was strange to see Mivers clinging to the horse's head strength ened yet bewildered by the fright and horror of the possi bility of hurt to her who had won him. Astor was brought up in front of a great trunk as the foot of his mistress fell free. The pace had pulled Mivers from his feet, hut the girl during the short and dangerous drag did not lose her presence of mind. She saw the young man casting his life upon the risk without a moment's hesitation, and she saw his face gray with fear for her, but with no thought of his danger — as great as her own. The hunter galloped a short distance off and stopped to feed with a sense of something wrong. Though the partly dragging legs of Luke were twisted and beaten by the hard fore feet of the scared horse, he never thought of losing hie desperate clutch or chancing an escape without all hie effort being put forth to save her. She recognized this. There was no part of that short swift drag that she did not comprehend and remember as she rose from the sward but slightly bruised or shaken. For ought Mivers knew, straining as he was at the fright ened beast, a kick from his powerful leg might have already struck her life away. Miss Shorter rose with the lissome elasticity that was 'a feature of her steely strength, and Fuiiled upon the white face such a look as it had never worn before. He was strangely awed at her rising thus, and came forward breathless and pale. ' Tell me, for God's sake, that you are neither hurt nor injured.' He clasped his hands like a girl struggling with his strong fears. ' What should I have done if you had been injured. You ' — he looked at her fearsomely, but there was nothing in her face except the paleness of her fright and an inexpressible offering and depth of admiration he had not seen till now. ' You have behaved nobly, Luke.' His heart beat at the first mention of his name ; thus hit be swayed as if drunken when she placed both her hands upon h*is shoulders with caressing tenderness in face and gesture, and told him in a strange hysterical sorrow that she owed to him her life. ' So indeed did she and at the risk of his. But he thought his reward a royal one, and the bright minutes there were the happiest that had ever rested on his memory. ' I never knew you till now,' she said ; ' you have my respect for the first time.' He did not understand the reason of the feeling she exhi bited or solve the sadness that seemed to overshadow her with a sort of wintry hopelessness, much less did he inter pret her when her face clouded and broke before a storm of sobs. When he caught. the horses and led them to where she sat with her supple figure amongst the spreading foliage — when he saw her look up with the flush of real emotion on her face — he could have worshipped before the strange power it gave to her and declared for his whole world the one presence. But the trees were growing red and the shadows long, and the couple mounted once more, riding slowly back from the day as they had ridden into the brightness of the morn ing. The accident of the stock hunt and his previous illness had rendered Mivers nervous. It was with a start and a gathering dizziness he heard the paces of a horse approaching. There was nothing in such a meeting, and he would scarcely have remarked the firmly seated rider and the strong horse that met them had his face not been turned in their direction. These were the features of a man he knew, a bearing in the saddle that was familiar to him — his eyes, and the very expression of his turning in his seat for on instant, struck Mivers like the snatch of some dream, not at all weakened when the rider reined up and looked after them, and he again saw the general bearing of the man corroborating the memory that evaded him. ' Who is that, Margaret?' She laughed with a queer abrupt bitterness. 'Who is what?' ' The rider just gone by. I beg your pardon for being so stupid as to ask the question ; how could you know.' He did not see the paleness that came about her mouth nor the quiver of her lips. He did not notice that her speech died away and that somehow she did not tone with the sunset now, nor with the purple softness of the hills, nor with the unreal beauty of the dying light. The sun went down in a great blaze of gold and the loving shadows crept out with- sheltering sadness as the joyous day passed out before the watching hosts of stars. Chapter XVTL— Mr. Mivers, Jun., Teies a Steeplechase. One or two of the restless spirits of Narrgummie, who had previously given way to enthusiastic impulses on behalf of their village, and had been eminently successful in form ing a Hook and Ladder Company and a Young Men's Debating Society, felt that there were even greater heights to be reached. They organized a troupe of gentlemen gifted with several varieties of treble and bass voices, who had been especially endowed by nature in those humorous qualities considered to be attractive beneath black faces and wigs of a similar colour. A popular subscription of half crowns was launched, which resulted in the actors purchas ing second-hand banjos and several coats with elongated swallowtails, as characteristic of those African races who live in constant mirth in American slavery and on the shores of their native land. The first performance was described by the schoolmaster as ' calling forth rapturous expressions of approval,' and having netted £12 by the transaction the company launched into extravagant buttons and a new violin. This prospect of prosperity had its due effect. The ' troubadours ' continuing to command large audiences induced the restless spirits to soar, and accordingly itj was [demonstrated to the grocers, the blacksmith, and the publicans, that trade would be placed on an imperishable basis if a race-meeting could be established. The squatters round gave liberally, and when it became known that the tradesmen were rivalling each other with guinea contribu tions, a future was predicted for ' town trade' that sensi bly enhanced the value of corner allotments. The uneasy spirits were so elated at their success that they voted them selves personal expenses, and talked hurdles and handicap ping over rum hot, that being regarded as a sporting and consistent drink during the exertion consequent upon the preparations for the noble and national pastime now an accomplished fact at Narrgummie. But when the entries and acceptances come in to the secretary— who gave up all his time to the work in consideration of an acknowledgment through the gentlemanly medium of a honorarium — the town became excited, and Narrgummie Races, as advertised in the Melbourne Press, were at once recognized as a monopolising and fascinating theme. Before the day fixed for the events 60 big with the future of Narrgumniie's position amongst the towns of the colony, the youthful squatters, with all the gallantry and daring of twenty years, determined that the ladies should be recognized in the programme, and accord ingly a purse was made up that startled the villagers into breathless astonishment. The prize was to be £70, only subscribers to the fund being eligible to Jride. Young fellows who glowered at each other ferociously on account of some girl 'who looked more than ordinarily well in a riding habit, and had obtained the minor accomplishments of music and French at a select boarding-school, were to ride. For this race rivals in love and horsemanship put themselves forward with unfaltering courage. They re christened fast horses and flying jumpers after thenamesof those ladies who were favoured with sudden, valentines posted with chronological recklessness, according to the ardour of the sender. The colours for the event were so numerous and choice that the secretary swore the course would look like a rainbow. Altogether the success was far beyond expectation, and so elated had the stewards become that they conceived a ball at 5s. a ticket. This stretch of financial audacity also met with its reward, and if ladies made jackets for the riders they also set about the mysteries of tulle, the gathering of lace, and secured the'moaopoly of cunning fingers for the turning of skirts, the altering of styles, and veneerings of braid and bugles. It was utterly unfashionable not to have gloves in the balance or a brooch in perspective, and no. gentleman whose book was not heavily weighted with boxes of Dent's was regarded as Eroperly gallant or patriotic. Posters with half-a-dozen orees flying a stone wall, and one or two breaking; their necks and spreading their riders, were posted on gum trees for miles around. A speculative carpenter got the loan of a lot of flooring boards and erected a grand stand, with the aid of six-feet palings and green posts. And when at last the final preparations were made, and the town was busy with etabfe-boys chewing straws, and the final trial over, the stewards enlarged the margin for their expenses to embraces champagne, and drank it so ardently that the policeman was scandalized at the disreputable manner in which the heads of society lunged at their closed .doors. Everybody stood so win. Narrgummie felt that quite a tide of prosperity ndividually and collectively was flowing into its pockets which the residents meant to take at the flood with prudent foresight and business-like enterprise. It was known that the amateur steeplechase would be the race of the day, and! for this gentlemen entered who had already achieved fame at kangaroo and stock hunts, and across the stiffest fences of he country. Luke Mivers had determined to prolong bis stay against his father' 6 request, and much to the pleasuring of Miss Shorter took charge of Astor for the big event. If ho brought his colours first to the post he should then be able to claim a reward much greater than the prize offered oa the bills. Of his horsemanship and horse he was confident. This thought had monopolised him from the first, and every energy of hU body and mind was given towards securing the victory. It was known that Astor's training was of the most careful kind, and his trial gallops induced the Narrgummie Flat people to put new hats upon him libe rally — indeed the draper was induced to obtain so formi dable a consignment that the Melbourne merchant instructed his traveller to make cautious observations as to the mental state of bis constituent. Like all other circumstances con nected with the initial movements of the uneasy Bpirits, their aim was towards accomplishing a position that would. warrant the erection of the place into a borough. The day selected for the races was as clear and fine as the spring could give. The long roads from distant circlings of timber, and the main overland Sydney road, hardened withv the weary traffic that had trailed along it for thirty years* before, was dotted with vehicles. Traps of every kind, from the family carriage of the squatter that went through nothing but weekly inspections and periodical exhibitions to strangers, to patched-up gigs and drays with families, told!, how well the sports had been responded to and what a hold they had taken on the public mind. Station-hands got special holidays ; every man or boy who owned horse or pony put on their best strapped trousers and cantered glee fully to the course. Many a pretty girl with her face as fresh as the morning surrendered at discretion before the munificent offer of a horse to ride and a real side- saddle with which to travel to the gaieties. The bracing day oa the plains and sky, the soft sunniness of the hills, and the beauty that seemed to fill the world drew forth laughter as fresh as flowers, and bestowed a joy that was a spontaneous worship. Old hard-faced station -hands trudged in, carrying memories of the Curragh or Monaghan with them, or flourishing experiences of Liverpool or Doncaster at those who had scarcely ever seen a real set out live raco before. Persons from unknown localities arrived with fruit carts and games, and the little crowd swayod and fluttered with, all their human passions astir,' as though tho prizes had been, for thousands, and the sports were to bo graced by royalty. There were sturdy men jangling spurs and whisk ing formidable riding whips ; there were youths in the gaiety and grace of cutaway clothes and elaborate riding boots ; while the swelling* surf of silk that quite overflowed the carpenter's grand stand was wonderous to look at. Mr. Dobitt, the squatter, who persecuted tha poor selectors because they stole his sheep, cut down his fences, and at intervals hocked one or two of his best horses for variety, was there. Pringell, who got the top price for wool in the London market, drove up in a flashing landeau. The M'Nab, Brothers, brought their own hamper and the pure Glenlivat, these gentlemen having early attained red faces and extravagant graciousness of manner towards allcomers. The Bibbses, who were related to Sir George Dido, the well-known naturalist, clustered together in \- solemn grandeur, working contrasts between their white hands and fragile laces (real lace, ladies) and the canaille who moved past below them. Mrs. Dougherty and her black-haired daughters were there wearing glowing faces, and were vulgar enough to enjoy themselves and criticise the horses. Dartley and the family of eleven were rounded 'up1 to 'the grand stand, the good old lady contemplating them with proper pride while guarding a basket of sand wiches and a genteel supply of cherry brandy for Mr. Dartley, in the wild hope that he might forget the fact of ' spirits being vended below. Here and there around were green patches of crop and blue straight lines of smoke flowing upward ; little cottage windows were dazzled in the sun among young trees, stretching towards the eaves and dwarfing, fiie height of the homesteads; but beyond these the plains were silent, showing no movement except the ghostly passages of light clouds above them or the slow changings in the flocks scattered silently about on the turf that ran away into the distance. Near to these was the solitary shepherd living out his life in the monotonous' silence and whispered conversations to himself ofjtae time when his world was more peopled with faces and fuller with voices. The solitary figure seemed as moveless as his slow years, and as truly a ghost of the past as those he resur rected and conversed with. The grand stand, as it was called, continued to fill so that the carpenter, in an excess of' remorse at the low price he charged, raised the twoandsix penny tickets to four shillings, and yet was not happy. The noisings of skirts up his step-ladder and the number of pretty boots that mounted assisted to disjoint the man's calculation, and he spoke with fierce haste to an assistant as to the propriety of asking ten shillings a head ' from thena wot couldn't come in time,' but being discouraged he relapsed into the atmosphere of lost chances and spoke of his luck with unbecoming levity. Amidst all this radiance .of the country side — the rasping of silks on rough sawn benches, the free laughter, and the hate and bonnets bedded with flowers amongst the richness of the sparkling baubles that held the stuffs together — Miss Shorter was a stranger. She wore the diamond earrings and brooch, and moved them to such sparklings that they snared the eyesight of ' the quality,' which, caught by the gUtter, for a moment was attracted to contemplate the bronze hair, the face below it, and its changing expressions. The grace of her, and the quiet motions that were grace, created many whispers. She was alone, but so fair-looking that even the Bibbses came to regard her with admiration, notwithstanding their aristocratic connections. 'When. Mivers' canary silk, with the racing whip looped to his wrist, and in white breeches and faultless boots, stalked down to where she eat, and took off his cap with a marked 6how of respect, everybody turned to look at her again, and some young gentlemen, I am ashamed to say, forgot their companions in the survey. The young fellow had nothing to say to her. He came to show how brave he looked, and. to let her see that a piece of her ribbon was knotted upon hie breast. The weighing bell called him as he whispered to her, with his face a shade paler, ' You will take Astor back when he wins.' She looked at him with all her gift of enthralment, hut eaid nothing. ' And the rider with him ?' There'was an acquiescing movement of her head, so slight that it was only perceptible even to him, but he took it for all the answer that he desired, and left for the scales with a wild buoyant determination to win that would have ? made him invincible had he but himself to rely on. The horses pranced out one by one, carrying jackets of every colour, whence looked up faces eager for the wave of a handkerchief , a sign from some hand, or encouragement from eyes there waiting and watching. ' This will be a stiff thing,' remarked a gentleman with a shade upon his face, for his oldest boy Charley was amongst the riders. And so it was. One youngster who had a notoriously able jumper had proposed, in tha excitement of brandy, that the fences be raised to four feet instead of three feet six inches, and the young bloods, nothing daunted, carried the proposal with thoughtless, cheers. They were ugly-looking jumps, with a heaviness of rail and a solidity of post that forbade other than, a trua retirement ; but alTthe horses were well known and straight and safe at timber as birds. A raking black, with a chest like a bulldog and strong flat legs, flew up the straight,. showing a preliminary thirst for the struggle that nearly pulled his rider upon his neck. There was a big bay that seemed to span the turf like a greyhound, his long easy stride eating distance and carrying his rider in a 6tyle that won scores of admirers. When Aster came out slowly, his impatient patrician head was turned rapidly from side to side, and his long clean pasterns looked as springy as steel ; the sun lighted up his bay coat till it showed every muscle and the vast power of bis quarters. It was in his favour, many said, that there was neither fretting nor fractiousness to be seen in his aristocratic bearing, but the far-reaching, steady stride that showed the staying and the power. Others followed one by one till, as the secre tary observed to some friends, ' It's a picture ; and this the first, too. What'Jl the next meet be, and the next ? Well done, N arrgummie ! What'll you have to drink?' 'Ten starters, and every one known horses,' spoke Dougherty ; ' it'll be awful fast : there's no better com pany in Melbourne.' Other races had been lost and won that day, but the excitement was not greater than might be seen elsewhere. But now numbers in the crowd saw their masters wearing colours, and they backed their stations loyally with verbal I.O.U.'s on their quarter's wages, or with the cheque to be earned this shearing. Battered convicts left their drinking to criticise and look, and the ropes swayed below excited faces. When the starter rode gently up with his little flag there was not a word ia the stand, and a few of those below who spoke during the excitement of waiting for a start were replied to with a shout for silence. At the third trial the flag fluttered down past the horses' heads, and hung listlessly as the thunder of the hoofs rolled off, the bright colours sailing on like a flight of mixed birds. Every rider was accustomed to the grim timber trunks of the stock hunt, and it was without much persuasion the horses faced the first post-and-railer. There came a sudden up heaval of the colours, so that it seemed there was a wave beneath them, and the next instant the big fence was bare and silent. Astor was amongst the last, and took it steadily in his pace. The silks fluttered away down in a covey, and streamed over the next without baulk or stay ; 80 the crowd, with their hearts lighter at the prospect of a safe run, cheered till the swelling ring of the voices over took the trampling feet and quickened some of the hearts in the struggle now beginning. It became evident the pace must be made hotter, and the raking black began to creep through his horses till his wide muzzle and uneasy eyes showed past the foremost. In this position he led the third jump, where a little gray of young Frembill's baulked, and swerved two or three behind him. Through these the steady pace of Astor beat, and he sailed the leap, keeping ' dangerously steady in the wake. Three refused all per suasion to take the running again, and the knot of riders was sifted down to seven. At the next jump the rise was soft and low, and the ground looked terribly dan gerous. Bibbs's bay with the blaze rose and clattered over. The raking black took up the pace beyond it like nothing ; the gray and a couple of others flew after, with Astor on their flanks. The stand leap was breasted gal lantly without accident, but flakes of sweat were showing, and the horses' nostrils were wide and red. From the crowd there sprang out such a short wild cheer that it cut through the noise of the horses like a knife, and struck like a reckless yell on the ears of the riders. The raking black, the bay with the blaze, and a strong chestnut took the next leap upon each other's quarters. Astor still asternjand stay ing, never having felt a call. But the flat racing began, and the first bay fell slowly back, slightly swaying in his pace. On the stand the rows of faces looked white, like a surf line, from the storm of eagerness that had gathered. The laughter had disappeared, and even the swishing of silks had no voice. Ladies bent forward and forgot their fribbles. At the last sweep round Miss Shorter paled ; she had seen one look turned to meet hers from out the crowd of hurry ing horses, from a steady, sneering face, with hard blue eyes, and thought crept upon her brow, gathering it with an anxiousness that drove the calmness away and overspread her placid look. Her interest became so intense that the lips parted before her teeth, and only the scintillations of the diamonds showed the beating that was at her heart. The gay brightness of the stand seemed to pass away like a worn-out holiday, and the bravery of the crowding occupants fell fading before the excitement of which it was but the accessory and complement. Old Dougherty had interlaced his fingers with a grip that drove the blood from them ; Bibbs held his field glass falteringly, and cursed it for dancing the speeding figures into confusion and blending them in an undistinguishable maze ; theM'Nabs became so absorbed that they forgot Glenli vat, and offered absurd odds to each other mechanically. It was curious to watch how movement seemed to have ceased up there, but still stranger to see how the faces brightened and darkened as though the still bright day was full of shadows. Below the crowd swayed, moved to crushing and striving by the chances, and men bet wagers on their fancies as though their coin was not laid on blistered palms and wrenched by them out of sweat and endeavour. Station was backed against station, and the fury of betting grew like an epidemic. The old hands nipped their pipestems through with strong brown teeth, and crunched the clay in the forgetfulness of their excite ment. The stolid publican, who had sold more nobblers in a shorter time than his dreams ever suggested, saw the bar deserted and his slopped counter left without a hammering fist, barring two or three that were doubled and stained in stertorous 6leep. 