The Terrible Year-1881- The Record Union, 7th March, says:— Profeaeor Norton, of the State Normal Sohool, san Franoisco, looturod beforo the Sacramento County Teachers' In-, atituto last night, upon the very interesting subject oi "Trie .Planetary Conjunction of 1881." The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will, ooaur the oonjanotion of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a seore of other birds of ill omen who, backed by the recent appearanco of the plague, having predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inau gurated in 1881, and to continue till 1887,. during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply; the olements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earth- ( « - qnakes destroy, voloanoes burst forth, ) ( the earth open and swallow np towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and watora hooomo poieoa, and tliu devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and ruin all in the earth. Lately in this State a so- called Professor has issued a bookin whioh he has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth aud Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing recited, and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and that tho devilry and destruo- tion is to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these thingB, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by moans of a magio lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking baokward to the good old time, or for ward to the good time eoming. Some how the forward outlook is never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that meu should look to pivotal events in nature, suoh as the completion of astronomical oyoles, as -being likely to involve, groat crises in human affairs. Tho remarkable planetary apposition of tho year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. Tho lecturer horo read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled " Tho Voice of tho Stars, " whioh foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to ocour between the years 1880 and 1887, including. the annihilation of the Ohinese, raoo and tho death of 15,000,000 Americans from tho plagne, terrible storms,, earthquakes, voloanio eruptions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's Pyramid Religion, " and quoted from the oraoles of Mother Shipton, all throe substantially agreeing that — The world to an end shall come In 1881. He said that the propheoy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the publisher of tho ''Shipton Almanao " lias openly confessed that ho added the lines abovo quoted in order to give tho book a large sale, Tho question beforo us is, oan there be any residual truth behind all this supersti tion and nonsense? Tho lectufer presented Professor Dolorue's theory of tho relation ol planotary conjunctions to buu spots ; showed diagrams illustra ting the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanio tides, and ' the alleged -corresponding effoots of|w> planotary conjunctions upon the atmoa-- phore ol the sun. Ho then exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets October 31st, 1881; all tho large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight lino passing through tho ooutro of tho sun. It is alleged that a similar nspeot of tho planets will not ocour for many thousands of yoars. If it is possible for tho . master planets to produce oxtrnordinary tidal el- feots upon tho _ oarth, suoh effeots must soon bo manifested. Novortholess, tho plauots aro onormously distant. Ihoir attraotivo foroe varies inversely as the square of tho distance. It is hardly eonoeivable that mere gravitation could ovor produc nuy such effeot as the foretold disasiur. The only remain ing theory iB that of a hypothetical electric inter-aotion between tho sun and planetB. This is hut the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained f aot. behind it. The leoturer auoted one or two instances in whioh iere. seemed to be a eoinoidenoe in times between such conjunctions and atmospherio disturbances, where the theory of grent resulting evils failed . Utterly, and then read the fpllowing £a&dter; from Professor Young, of \- -ninoeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer : — "H. B. Norton. — Dear sir— Your note of enquiry is received. I answer v -briefly as follows : — First — Your en- \- \osed diagram (of the eonjnnotion) is not esseritially correct. Seoond— It is > true that the planets will he somewhat nearer their periheliathan is usual at auoh heliooentrio conjunctions. Third \- — There is no good reason for expeoting remarkable disturbances in the solar or . terrestrial atmosphere on aoodunt of snoh planetary position. Professor ' Delarue thought that he had discovered a relation between them and suu spots, ' but latest researoheB fail to substantiate ..the theory. Soientifio astronomers con- / ' eider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about v equivalent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours, very truly, Charles A. Young. " Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said: " We are justified in concluding that soience has thus far given us no definite reason for expeot- ,ing the great tribulation. Nevertheless if publio exoitement shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we , may be thankful for the 'voiee froni the tombB, ' uttered by y. Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast v- attributed to Mother Shipton. " 