EXPERIENCES 03? AN . mimmw detective. ; By JAMES, J^cQOVAN, Ax;thob op "Bbotgbt to Bay," &c.; gPubliBhed by special arrangement with the Author*.. \- Allrighte reserred.] Second S^ues.—No. II. A 1LASK OF TEA. J At a large; factory on th e outskirts of r ISdinburgh. they were, working overtime to filial a hecvy- contract one evening towards the end of-February. Usually the workers,, some hundreds in number,-left the place at •six o'clock, but upon thjte occasion dt had been iarranged that' they should stay; till ' eight, though in the ease of . at least two of thatnumher 'this.arrahgemeht Was to be completely upset. The second story of the., building, consisting of one entire department.! in /which the workers were mostly young girls j . .and wbmen^ was under the care and con-. trcol of a foreman,' named fHarry Gibsou-fa: "hand&omfysjtiffdyyopng;^ fellow*. wiih^ laiighingceyes andcurlyhair, about: whop. ~ halfrof the- girls in the- -factory were daft; = tfcj? <'m6?ec sb;J perhaps, ^ as he laughingly; a^e^ed^tbj despise ;tiidmjajT. .Hsfifhthqhghv at^eiri.ta^, kud;ih;Menig that' the worK wero.properlytdone,was a general favorite with both girls and men; and, indeed, When-I;was catied ini every one roundly assented |hkt!^d^^gif^.8'.^ngle .enemy iirfhbworkj-or1,one who wbhld wish' him ■ evil.' "i,>" 'i •;••*•/ .'/• ;';••• ' 1 Im the Jfat-supeBntended by; ti$s fevorijfceh im^qileptmn; ijfc ^^cedj.^at;;^ bsf,' more than :a> dozen women,,7went.wtonjg£. ondi iithis- anxiety /tor get it? repaired .-sp'aadi^;;-'-^a^:',-W6rkad- :tikb a siavb. fte' Bf;af^;naU',:aS iha$. tSza^'jbVxt^ po^pQgrigi the hot r.X9pm?^d;glj^ihg'" lights, bathed with perspiration and' thoroughly exhausted— 'f You'll be tired now ?" remarked one • of the workers. "Yes, and dry as a lime kiln," he breath- . leesly answered; and'then/ wiping the sweat from his brow, he walked into a' little room close by,.in which his.cdat and hat hung, and, ta3ang a tin flask Of cold tea from the coat pocket,' he put it to his'lipp : and imbibed; a long, .steady .draught.. Before drinking,.he had shakenthe flask sharply to " stir .up the sugar/' as he after-. wards said, but the moment the flask had ' left his lips he made a wry face, Uke a child after swallowing physic, and said to him self, " That besom of • a landlady has for gotten to wash out the flask 1 Faugh 1 it tastes like senna and salts 1" With this smothered curse he corked up the flask, replaced it in his coat pocket, and returned to the great work-room, full ofbusy workers and rattling woin'en, close by. The ddor by which he entered was at the extreme end of the room, and. as it. closed with a weighted pulley the bang of shutting for the moment attracted some fifty pairs ;of eyes to the spot. A strange spectacle met these eyes and riveted them there. Harry, however grimy : at times he might be, was generally of a ruddy and.healthy hue; but now, Btanding against the dark closed door, he looked so pale, so ghaBtly, and so anguished and corpse-like, ^ that simultaneously a dozen voices exclaimed," What's wrong, Harry P Have you hurt yourself ?" The young foreman did not answer im mediately, but clenched his hands on his breast as if he would have torn it open, and uttered a groaning cry that was heard above the rattle of machinery right to the other end of the flat. " My God !_ how I suffer 1" he cried, as a number of girls ran forward to support him, thinking he was about to faint. "Oh, I burnl There's something burning me through!" ' - . " What have you taken ? Did you drink anything?" enquired a; number, in the utmost alarm and concern. • "Nothing! nothing but a drink of cold tea, which I brought with me," he ans wered, writhing in agony in the kindly arms supporting him. ""Yet it had an awful taste; there must have been some thing in the flask. Ob God, I feel as if I was poisoned i" The greatest..consternation now spread through the crowding workers, and the words, " Harry's poisoned!" ran through the room like wildfire, and thus reached the ears of one worker in particular, who was just leaving her "post at the extreme end of the room. This was a girl named Maria Lees, who, for her youth, and beauty, and neatness, and tidiness in dress, bad been dubbed " The Belle of the Mill." She had. been either more intent on her work, or more busy with her own thoughts than her com panions, when Harry staggered in at the opposite end of the flat, and was only dimly aware that something had occurred, when the dreadful cry reached her ears, "Harry's poisoned—Harry's poisoned with something in his tea!" Then she ran, swift and white as a ghost, to the clustering and paralysed crowd surrounding the stricken man, and noting his death-like aspect and half closed eyes, she threw; up her clenched hands towards the ceiling, and emitted three awful and prolonged screams. " Oh 1 oh 1 oh! Poisoned 1 yes, he is poisoned! Oh, I have killed him 1" As she burled forth the awful cry in a tone of heart-broken self reproach she dropped like a stone to the ground, and showed so little signs of recovery—going from one hysterical fit into another—that at last it was decided to send her. home in a cab._ As for Harry Gibson, he had become so sick and prostrate that, after carrying him to the ' nearest chemist and getting What relief they Could for him, they were advised to send him into the Infirmary. The same cab which brought his all but inani-: mate form to that place, brought the manager of the work to the Central Police Office, with a report of the circumstances' of the case to me. My first suspicion, of' course, was that there Lad been some jilt ing or disastrous love affair between-Maria. Lees and tbe poiBoned man, if there were any connection whatever between her agi tation and bis illnesa; but on going out to the mill, and;sharply questioning a number of the girls, I could discover, nothing to confirm the^ suspicion. Maria, they all* agreed, was a singularly modest and retiring young girl, interfered' with no One, and had never been seen "speaking to the foreman other than as was necessary in connection with her work.: She did not ■' walk with lads" at all, one girl told me, and the same knowing authority gave it as • her opinion that Maria, pretty though she. was, did not care a pin;for men/sweet-, hearts, or any one but an old . .aunt , with whom she stayed. Thus disappointed re garding the girl, I turned to the chief - sufferer in the affair to learn whether he had not annoyed her in any way/ or flirted with her, or pestered her with disagreeable" at'entions, hut here again I was astonished' to receive as sharp, and decided, a negative, as the weakness and suffering of the patient' would allow. " I never looked at her, or spoke to her, or thought of her since she came to the work," he said,, and though he had been told decidedly that he had been poisoned with -tartar emetic introduced into his' fldsk of tea, he decidedly added, "I don't believe the girl knew' what she was saying 'when she cried out that she had killed me. She is too good to try such a thing, even if she had cause.; -There isn't a quietsr or •better in the whole'work. I've watched heir closely-when she didn't think of it, and I think ! should know." • Thus pulled up I thought I would go' hack tP the beginning, and trace the history of the flask of . tea step by step till its con tents' glided, so disastrously, doWn'Harry Gibson's throat., X . went; to his landlady and found that,, contrary to his own suppo-* \- sition,'she -had carefully washed the flask .J iii;A L.3 -.1 • .:*-i rinsed the teajjptbefdre" making;the tea, an .-that she (frjuu ;thp pan sugar basin she! herself bad-used thatcafte: noon with >perfeict -impunity;-and that si ■ had rJo motive for wishing suehab accidei /to hefall lnm; Haying made sure jof thej facts/I folipwed thel flaak of tea, if ,I ma ■ so speak, into- Harry's coat- pocket/ out ic , the bouse, through several streeta/and int the little room or closet, already1 mex tiqned, which conttmed qmy ar few; wot books; .some! tools, ,'ant£ofl; flaBfej ; an Harry'sri5oat(hhd hat/This iopm was" gene ratty looked\ T?bpn ytbip was -daa Harryi' himself camed the key; as hein on 4he landi^-plafee/ hnd containing arii dleB6f HraMe beininaesed' dhfihir- the day ~ bv -hundred /of workers Xii/was" thought it of tea was '.eft iriit that aftemodnjbowQve. it was believed to have beenieit unlocked; k least; Harry himself could not reriilfihie fastening the door, or. ^mlockiug it whefi h beaded f>:dm the gl?ea :rooni ;do8e'lgf«/s Sifc far^tbe ?myp$6ry.; wja intelligible; and Xldbegatf -.to^entettain! strong; cbhyictaOnl that £db&tartar;^eme|i i of pdwnrngitbpcyppng: fdr§Tpan,i;i2Tbat | ! gPocbdeab i of :j tbia Buppaskion e waa/ critical state to warrafit.me£&-f6aribgi:th a case of murder, dastardly as it seemi dettbepvte, would spring out of the ami facts Jhave I given; and I was propor tionately anxious to get a clue of some kind before the scent got cold or the criminal quietly evaporated. . : . Ttotaaf emetic,' as in'ost persons are awaTe, is a powerful poison, and is not allowed to be sold in any but small quantities, except on the order of a medical man or a veteri nary surgeon. I therefore, after tracing the flask of tea thus far, turned with some interest; to the chemists in the neighbor hood, gradually widening the circle as my enquiries as to a purchaser of tartar emetic Sroved vain and fruitless. In this search reappointment followed disappointment, till at length I began to despair of getting at any clue to the guilty one; and had nearly given up the task, when one chemist, after answering in the same strain as the others, carelessly added— " I have not even made up a prescription in which tartar emetic was used for many months—stay, I'm wrong, though; I did make up an emetic for an old woman the week before last, but, of course, not in sufficient quantity to poison any one." " You made up an emetic ?" I repeated, rousing myself at once. "Will you be good enough to explain what that means ? Surely a poison's a poison, whether sold in large or small quantities ?" The man smiled at my sharpness, and probably also at what he considered my ignorance. "It is a poison,. certainly, but not so dangerous that we refuse • to sell it," he answered. "To explain; the old woman I mentioned just how came into my shop shaking her head and looking very ill— that is, sallow, sick, and bilious—and saying, 'Eh, mister, I'm awfu' bad wi' bile ; could ye gie me something, to break it—an emetic—something to make me flick?"' : : \ ;■ • "And you gave her tartar emetic!" I remarked, not so pleased as the chemist at the. easy arrangement. . " I gave her a number of powders, which she-was to take one after another till the defeired effect were: produced," replied the chemist, with perfect coolness. "There was really little danger though she had swallowed them all bodily-^-that, isj little danger of poisoning—^though sickness would have resulted as a. matter of course." " Had the old woman a doctor's line, or a prescription of any. kind ?" " No; but the matter was so simple, and the case so common; we do, not look upon that as an infringement of the law. Indeed it is difficult to draw the line in these matters. We generally hesitate to. sell above a quarter of an ounce of -laudanum to . a stranger, yet there are some who come in hero and purchase and swallow half an • ounce at a time." " Was the old woman known to you?" " No; a perfect stranger, and quite poorly dressed. Very likely she could not afford a doctor, even had she been more seriouslyill ■ We often make up medicines for such cases without a line." " Did she give no name ?" ','None. I did not think of asking her." I made no comment, though I could have done so in a manner more emphatic than agreeable, but moved out into the street, and indulged in a good, "think." The result was that I took my wot back to another of tbe chemists whom I had ques tioned in vain, and rather staggered him by - saying— " Did you not make up an emetic some - time lately for an old woman ?" Tbe man thought a little and then said— Yes,I believe we did. She was had with bile, I "think, and wished for something to make it break." " And you gave her tartar emetic?" , " A preparation of it—quite a harmless thing." "Hut suppose she went to a number of chemists and got the: same from them, would she not: then have; enough to be harmful ?" I sharply enquired.1 -- " Yes, I daresay if She were so inclined," * rather scornfuUy returned the man ; " but' if sh,6 had wished to poison herself it's more - likely she'd have' chosen a poison better known, such as laudanum or arsenic,". That-was the man's* opinion, nothing more, and I. put it. aside and- steadily < persued my investigation,. The result was - • Ratifying enough to make my blood tingle ' more briskly through my veins, and my' ■ hopes of a good clue quicken in proportion.: Every chemist hut one had been visited by the mysterious old woman, hut only one of i them had asked her name, when afie had; given that of Jane Jeffrey, coupled with an - address which I speedily ascertained to be ' a false one. ; It appeared also that in this last case she had given the name in answer to a sudden - enquiry, and evidently when taken aback, but had hesitated and shuffled when the question was followed by an enquiry for her address. . _ After making this discovery my inten tion was to have goneback to the poisoned man and inquire 'he knew any one con-; fleeted with the work; and answering the * description of this old' womto", .but being informed that the patient was now too low to be troubled, I had to content myself: with a yitit—the first I, had.paid—to the girl Maria Lees. I had got her address witii full powers before starting, but had hesitated to arrest ber solely on account of - the:good character every one gave her, and Harry Gibson's own emphatic belief in her innocence. It chanced; however, that after leaving him I had got in tow with one of; the workers, who let fall a word that sent mj thoughts again wandering in her direc-: tion; This was when asking if Maria Lees< and the foreman had ever been sweet hearting, when the young girl! was ques tioning let fall the the curious words— "No, there's naething between them, :but I believe she hkesHarry for a' that— loes the , very grand he walks on." • •'What makes you think -that?" I laughingly returned; with apparent indif-. •ference, but really rdused' tod startled into1 gfeatrexcitement. -: ':r' '■ r ^Because ape o' .the worketS ,rifled Isaid "fo?; frii thto Btoiy wfis: gauflto be iitarried, jafia Mar y turned as white as a.clopt, arid ,rtheritored as a rose. Oh, I'm sure she Jikfis' hih>: though ;riie'8^qwre qpiet tolet it , : be seen." «■ •.. • ; >• v."'. . ; ■: :This hint had elated and depressed iirier in one.moinenfc .:If Maria really lovedithe handsome young foremanr her fearful sex-' citement'on the bccasfori of the poisonirigi 'wariptd <m-< the bther hafld ho1# cbrildhhe lje/gtnlty oL the6 da^ardly 'act 'While 1 entbrtriifluig' sriqh 'I -arfe^gtowrirdsi - j Imtiprotecti^,rsj^di^^ripmgj;&pd;» say ing.o;; Y«t ithis jriodeflt; ,'good|r tout; secretly lovinggirl wasshewhom?Il Was About to it5Bifr,fanclcharge withftixathorrible crime, t i&ch;'efl Maria'dhopde 'in1 kiytiiipg -hw I 'd6ntforfahle"ftamri;ot mfad; and T: daresay2! •had,I had fta,^d.-,:soxvhin^l' .tq deal with, I might have departed even ;,'tobrep\dlaed.^an.I_airiwedLv:'.". . 'Tiift brill ha Tr m 5?. ^lanc'olvfr MammI Hifyinfe^hbri^s 6prifefleri!';Tne6 J hoi^^yedfeciCffikB| of huta-t6'6riiATid|i Tj.fimqitiitogfe"! butin m casual \ a .toife o| ii$dl88sutoe«s'$iuo'j9 helleqxe tail co I c An instantaneous change came oyer her *-her eenfiitiye nature seemed to thrill at puce to a knowledge of coming danger, and in a fearful tone she answered— " Yes, six; and you are a policeman come to take me up?" She got the words out and no more, and then would have dropped in p heap on the clean floor had I not caught her arm,and led her to a chair. "Is your aunt not inP".I said, gravely, as soon as she had recovered.. " No; this is one of her days to go out and wash; and I am not sorry," returned Maria, weeping guiltily the. while. " It. would kill her to see me taken away; Pm glad she's not here." . - " You mustn't say toomuch before me," I warningly remarked, pitying the poor shivering thing crouching so woefully and abjectlybefore me. "I am not a police man, but a. detective has to report every thing just the same; so do not say mom than you can help." " Is he—is Harry, any better ?"' she faintly enquired, after an awkward pause. I felt to say it, but the truth must have been seen in my eyes, for she paled again before words escaped my lips. "He is not. He is rather worse; too ill to see me." The stricken girl wrung her hands in despair. , •••.• • " I knew it! He will, die, and they will hang me for it; and I deserve it twenty times over. No death would be too cruel for me to suffer. Oh, I wish it were all over, and me lying in the cool grave with all my troubles at an end." " I am sorry for you," I said, with some feeling; " hut you should have thought of that before you planned to poison him." A wild, quick start, and a curious look straight into, my, eyes, were, the answer. Then shetremuloualy said— " I did not plan to poison him; I would not wish a hair of his head harmed. I would have laid down my life to save him a moment's pain." . I remained grimly silent, hut the incredu lous look in my eye did not escape her, for she quickly added— " I never dreamt ef the stuff being-poison. Oh, though they hang me to-morrow, I could.swear thatl" ;; . : " Then what did you imagine it to ]bflr?1 "I don't know," and: a slight flush of shame tinged her cheeks: as she confusedly stammered out words. ... :' L.:; _" Where did you get it, then, and what did you ask for.?'' I impatiently pursued. " Of course, you are not bound, to answer me anything,, hut if you, are innocent in in tention, your easiest plan "to prove it is to reveal all you know." ' 7 : • There was no. answer^ Maria sobbed quietly for some.moments, and,-indeed, I was not Bure that she had heard all I.-said. Then a new thought Btruck me, and I added rattier abruptly— " Do you finow anything/of a woman, old and sallow - skinned, called Jane Jeffrey?" "... A. swift, scared look of mute surprise and wonder was her answer.; I had seen .such a look hundreds of times, before on other faces, guilty and'innocent, and to me it seemed to say—: , h. "What a wonderful man :you are; bow cunning abd deep-searchingyou seem'to know everything 1" , . : '' gee you do know the "woman," I gently continued. "Have you anyobjbe tion to admit that you employed her tq pro cure the poison ?" . ;; - " I won't admit that, I won't, though I should he hanged and burnt alive for'it P she vehemently answered. "I can't admit alie. ;ButI'll tell the truth.; yes,I deservd to he' exposed and laughed at for my silliness. I'll tell you the truth." But the moment these promising words were out of her mouth she started And drew hackr " I forgot about that!" she slowly articu lated, speaking more to herself than to hie. " No, I cannot, dare not tell I I am bound to it." \ ?' By some foolish promise, or perhaps a wicked oath ?" I suggested, acutely ehoiigh as it'- turned out. v If., there is. another worse than ybbwhom that' oath screens or protects cast' it aside without a thought. The Crime is a diabolical bhe,'and.dbesfnot deserve to gounpumshed." ; " You are right; 'I have thought/hat Lever since it happened, hut, could'not think 1 of- afiy way. of. telling the rtruth' .Without damihng my. own soul to all eternity, as these^efe' the words I used, with my hand oh. the Bible when I promised to keep the secret.";' ' . v. „•/. • . " I dare say. - I have heard of such btas phexhybefore,".! shortly answered , " Buf Harry'was good and kiiid, and did . not deserve.tp suffer as he has done," she pursued with her eyes'no w flashing fiercely and her:. cheeks glowing with indigna tion. " Yes, , it .was ' a .' cruel;, and deliberate plot to torture or. Mil him, and it must be right. to .expose it, even though I suffer for it for eyer. : : don't knowbowit began thatl took more notice of Hairy Jttian of other men," . ttie ^msued,. altera; pause to think,and "blusmiig^. -pamiiolly as she did so, "I tthink it was after" himone day saying before ;all .in the workshop, while scolding one of $he , workerafor&irtmess;,* I tell you Maria. Lees is thp tidiest girl in the. mUh Take a look at her, and then at yourself, you dirty trol lop.' . I had never thought of him before as anything but. our foreman, or of . any,man as a sweetheart, my aunt is so strict w^th me,.and would have.lifted thepoker oj a stick, to my back if. I had. even hinted; at such a thing. : But somehow after that I beganto think of him more than anybody, and to notice how handsome, .he is, and How kind to them, that do well; and then,;when pur annual trip cane off, he happened) to '.•ask' me out into, the ring—me'and. nobody else—when they were • playing jihg-afcrfng, and after he Mased:mell ceuld not get him out of my head.> I used to dream of him night and day, and to.watch him when he did not know, hut all the time he never oncp spoke to.meor looked at me,^bn t to direct me like -an ; ordinary worker. And although I knew-be didn't care for me, or think of me, or: look at me, I got to be so wrapped up in-hinr that I could not bear to^see him- laughing or~joking, or larking with any of tbe gurls hi the mill. It was thatfe'elihg that flmt let me knbw.&at; I was in love with him;. and angry I with myself at the discovery as 'if I had eohuhitteda crime;"; :r.\ •' "And1 all that: time; he never spoke" to yob of "love, or lobkbdrat vou, or even Jd^th ^phF'I.tiitejfp^d, with deep iptfii.est heart rwithbie Or cast me^ioffi'! coifldt'nevbr lave -thOfighf^ dbihg him ah': injur/ir;'No# j&cftld; tu&vas; "s$8mi£ as i Jc^il^'tt11MJrffci1. Wttv^ter ^toin^ttyrbpgh 'fbjam Jpn^Mo^tbs' $jiout .:haai, it csiEle-n'ep."®^^^tt^f I i saw a'nuicahef pt ^^^o^^^a^dy to fiepd.-tpeKffli .J it jwenld;be;eo;nic? to seq-hhaakiwc^mgjsomo thilig;!' had ^ made, trmd''Igob iWosStedr and bnitted'him a pmr of softs ■rirqolleh mittenfli,' Lwhsv^pM^tmlar'to'do'them w^trand do3 thbmP tvheii^miy One -saw wefe:yeiy fWbtk^d ln red'/'but tba|^e»ixttim§, jwouldjsee.me.tura so. I thought beat to put them away. I bought a valentine, too; out the word " love" wa^ oil it, ancfit seemed 30 to bum in my heart that'Tput'iffinto thefireMdnevet'th^ughTT ^ff[ahomhrV/: Sbmettmea.^heh'ohr ev6'5^e,t , in the mHl, I trembled sprthtftif;thbiiS'!it: t ^Wdulddropj and was always hi - a' dreadful fear lest he should guess that T! cared for ^ffi^anflttfe'cltoxoid-looking :at; him,, or -spfeaMng'-1 tt)1 hittij: or appearing to notice ■'ithdtdieWUsdii the place..^-But about that time I happened to hear One" off the girls "iiBay->'that-Jen Jeffrey^Who h'ad been put away -pom. .•&«^mil&fdr;,^hMii^';;'#a9i h ,::^ifee woman; and Coukt'teil ?by only look- -| -inginto' altea-cup what hind of a mahf'O'ae " 1 r"Waa td :ma"rry, and whether they were to-be - j £appyOr;tiol-^ '•••:: - ^ -'-r y:'- "■ j "A wise woman?" -B contemptuously \'Ochoedi ^a-^e^tiddlestick!: Bu«^go on, ■ please.'' V::V I r '■ -'•;•• ! i 'V&pretendedeEiot; to hear:!them" say-it> i though they jraW ah instance -in1 which Jen vtold- everything that was to1 happen Weeks before-the things •tOofc-placej but?" all1 thb time I was saying to ,rmyself>-sif ' ah^ ban tell me who I anfcvte' get-T~%iU^k.nov{r whether to -dream or think "nidre; Of iSaifty^ After- studying the. thing fora: While I went one_ dark night to Jen's house and told her I wanted to know what my sweetheart : was to be . like, and . sure enoughsshd dej scribed Harry as my sweetheart as correct : as if he :hdd; been- standing beforerher. Then she said he did not lore me, nor nevet : Would, unless I got alove-bharm to change •/ his/heart and make it .turn towards mine." A loyeksharm ?^-and, -bray, .what .-is ..-that?" . r .> V.- 1 .■» ! :jiv"-That was just what.I asked her,; hat She would not tell me, but; said; it could ..;'<>nly!he;get at rare times, and would coat U deal:of.money." ;;; -' " Ay, of course, that generally comes in." Nothing, less than a piece of gold would " do, she saidy so as. I had ten shillings saved I got it changed for; half-a sovereign, and then gave it to her for the love charm;" > The poison? Oh, you fool!" « Yes, I know that now, but I'; didn't then," tearfully answered; Maria; " She told ; me"T!niust-gethim to Idrink the powder or swallowit in some way;: and that . then he would turn to love me, and maiaiy inebefore ■ f:-the :ye'M rwas out; Is hadn't thought ot 1 mamage, only I did want him to love md, ...so I earned the .paper with the powder in •my'pocket for some days till the machinery •'went wrong, when I got out of the; work i' shop and tupped into the little room where Harry's coat hung arid put ; it1 all into -the flask of tea"; ;; <.; : i i And you say that this Jen Jeffery was turned "out of th6 millfor drinking. Had; -Harry Anything to do with her being thus ■dl&harged;?"' - _ W - i . ."Oh,.yes,; Ididn't-think of that-before. • It^ad^iiyth'at pUther off." -"Humph! I think I; begin to understand ' the-inaiter'now," was my wrathful remark. \-- "Ah, but remember Jen, did not ktioW ^thejnanm.of the man I~wished to learh . ~toioyer;nie;-: she told'me so herself more . thanjorice;" quickly returned .the ample girl... " She said that was not revealed."' .' , ;"Tes, and a drinker is generally a liar, "so you;vriU'knoW what weight to put upoh ,.i&t; sta1mnept,'' I" sharply .rejoined. .." I dare J s'ayv the same source, of inspiration or\^ch,prppapted.her to^"giye'his portrait ' .^piMd^abd suggest his. name.: And . you ' say She extracted a fearful oath from you r not , to_reveal_ who gave, you the love .:;.jv..,; T,. The girl shuddered,and paled' at the. re c'Pftectiori; - r-": ' ; r ,r '/ rYes,.a fearful oathT-^that's the Ubrd— -. afearlfuVpath.''" * !I:.^Theh"''the 'sooner.Jen Jeffrey and.my "bracelets dre, acquainted '-the better'for the; " comhii^ty at large" and :the. ends of 'j ustice • " geherhliyi'''0wU3 myT^^ cdnClu'ding' remark! ; r an^. y^iththat,I closed^ thelmyesti^atiohtdr that eyepipg*'.*Directihg Maria,.to put .on "fieS things/arid explaining as'geaitly as'pos . sible the nature of theoWge'tp .her adnj;, -J .' who appeared as' we were aboiit'tp leave, 'I. '. got' her.' tp : lead me straight t6' Jen's. abbde".'' The old jade' 'winced .a.'little wheq.she. .saw;,yfhQ stood. - before hef,'and i..mp8t*.lpudly and emphatically.'." denied the; ' charge' ahd Maria's s^emeht.from. begiri . "flitig" to" end, and in ;'the' ^end resisted'So -, c^^''i^.'sci^ip|^..pjit .Iptieathkt I was forced tb'summohTa couple • "of phliceiiie'n^'to carry.'her^p^n iheJstair to , the cab,I had sent for."' ;"Eyen then I.could -' scarcely keep her from 'springingVup.on her : ; dUpe,' and' 'scratching Maria's eyes out, .and ;; ^aa thankful to get her intp.a'ceU,7ahd'put. ,' of-harm's why before her 'spiteful fury cpuld ' ;yeht. itself: upon tbe; Suffering and te'aifful; "giil. "Iir a' day or tivo'Harry Gibspn was ; . .sufficiently-recovered to be able to appear: 1 as a 'witness, and both Maria and pld-Jeh . were formally remitted to.the Sheriff Court on a charge of administering1 a' poison.ous " drug. with" intent. But "as we had a weak, -,;.case .against Jen without Maria's evidence,. "she; was "allowed to appear as a Witness, ■ ,wh6n;she created sqnte laughter andamuse ;! mptit: by saying in open court, and in heaf ' "big of Hairy Mmself, in.uhswer to a qqes- - , tion from the Sheriff on the bench--''" 1 ! "It was because I loVed hiin,' and he. didn't care for me, and she said that "the, charm would turn his heart^owardsminef' ;i -^Having.heard the words; arid laugh^i ' heartily with the rest'at her naivetS and: • charinirig confusion; "hut .the admission, ": faid>-perhaps> a predilection for the girl combined, appeared to set him a thirikirig. Jefl was. sentenced' to ■ a -year's imprison inentj -while Maria of course Was dis ; charged ; but Hairy, though he had nar a rowly escaped death through her, seemed-; ; tp look rather at the .object in view than " thp1 deed -itSeif, for - he drew" closer and closer to his pois6ner, and actually; as had been predicted, married her within the 'year.' • Wasn't Jen a.wise.Woman after all,. 1; hey ? arid; didn't she' 'deserve a' monument ; of-soBd silver instead :bf a year's oakum picking?- - What a- cruel, ungrateful world \- this is to beriure.! 