LECTURE ON SPIRITUALISM. Tho Rev. Mr. Storio delivered last ovcuing, in St. Andrew's Church, tho first of a series of lectures, in which he proposes to deal with " Spiritualism " iu its present, its past, ami its .f uture developments. Ho took as a toxt Isaiah viii., 19. and then proceeded to say that he did not cousidcr that tho prevailing tendency, towards what had been named Spiritualism, was to be in any way arrested by tho exposing of a fow ot tlio clever tricks, such as table-rapping, rope-tyings, and cabinet mysteries, employed by some of its less principled advocates to bring its weird aud mystic associations into closer coutact wth the snporstition of roughor minds. Its faith had attaiucd too vital and deep a hold, and its prevalence was too wido to Liu ex ploded or oven seriously affected by the most clover demonstrations of mere vulgar fraud. Ho had studied this subject long in mnny of its phases, ami was satisfied that this longing to pry into tho future, to he in contact with spiritual beiiigsorpowersoxtcrmdtoouraclvcs yot lower than divino, and drawn by affec tion or curiosity, to hold comimtniou with tho dead, was so poworful in the human breast, so contagious in its influence, and so danger ous to the moral and religious character, that lie folt constrained to take the present occa sion, while discussion was astir, to deal publicly and in somo detail with (his now development of spiritualism, its manifesta tions, its character, and its dangers— not in the way of contemptuous acopticism ; but in the light , of inspired warnings, bearing on theso days nnd of the dread judgments, which had smitten its full blown iniquities iu tho ages past. Tho facts and manifestations ho would havo to staf£ ho m as willing to face as possibly truo, nud to treat tho most startling nnd mysterious at fairly substantiated. Thoy woro so in the belief of inillionsof spiritualists, millions more were counted in England and in Europo there were 50,000 iu the city of Paris ; in tlie tho city of Lyons upwurdgof 10,000; in the Australian colonics npd in India, tho boliof mid nrnotioo woro widely spfpafl ( last year »U>Ve (linn 10,000 of its Victims wore inmates of madhouses, thoy had now an extensivo literature in all languages of Europo, and many names, standing high in science and iu senso, might bo counted ana dates only from the yrarr0S|S(;o" I1 two Fox qirla, one ot tw, K „ yoaro of ago, having tenons rapmngs if, tl,eir 9 , devised a menus ot communS?0''®''' author ot theso noises, nnd roSld ! winch thoy understood to i,i!,„S atlB ' llio neighbors oamo together .„Sn0,B' tho communication tlmt these sounds oamo from tho spirit of alfB1 pedlar, whoso bones «cre f0Im , , U foot deep in tho collar. l&T; oxmtomont spread, and continued L j —sounds of every kind, havt'hB raised into tho nir, medium writings nnd drawings produced by£B hands, musical instruments souniialiB Oils appearances presented,, and,, fS.?B human figures covered with liowinSM have boon at times examined and ekSW oil winch m a short time meffiM flowers, too, which at first fresh and h,lH havo soon failed nnd vanished. affirmed to bo incro temporary andtn'JB forms produced by the spirit. fatlM recognition by friends. Ail the olatrvoyaneo too had been claimed ktl spiritunl.ngonoics. Bnt what to thek£H seemed, in its connection, most tiSM was the cnim now advanced that £/fl visiblo beings, spirits of tho dead ordo-.-M had secured or invented tlio power toTI fncturo for themselves material lnlkH drawing into union with themselves theH material particles exhatlcd from tin breath anil body, and floating in the atmosphere of crowded rooms ; and this body for a time, until it away. Tho lecturer then vnt to say that thoso seancc9, though oft» scribed as mere scenes of childish, icnrMI even indecorous frivolity and folly ul deeper moaning, wero dutnrhL H ininda of men, were bringing back from scopticism to superstition, were ing tho faith of others in the revehtiwH Divino > truth ; nud were advancing teachings, by which tho prince of timsl was advancing that apostacy from CbrutH which tho present dispensation was to tl initiate. Theso now revelation) from tH spiritual world denied tiio miraculoas blrS tho godhead ami tlie redeeming Christ. Thoy affirmed that Ik vil "great medium"; that there iimM Ghost, tlmt ".Tesus is the Father, aad tlH man and woman iu the everlasting cori'JB of marriage arc tlio sou nud spirit." IfeH were indications, indeed, that they oven now advancing so far as to deny 9 oxistcnco of a living, personal, and n| God ; nud tlmt the timo was near "wo shall transfer to the commoavfl of things that loving allegiance which 9 woro bound to render to the Great Kii9 In respect to prayer, " oven those «k!9 arc presented to the Most High nuyikufl for thoir answers on the interposing of sym|)atlusiiig demons." We vert 19 taught besides by theso spiritualists tifl disembodied spirits can give advice :9 guidance, both in respect to this acdi future lifo, nnd to them we were Uifl directed to look in ovcry perplexity, eitkfl of present duty or religious faith. Anltihfl count was named as being iu communicatil every day, and in ovcry emcrcciicy of with his dead mother. An English barrut finds thnt his dead sister never fails biofl ovcry difficulty of life, great or snuli. fl great financier finds every difficulty utnjB by tho interposition of his dead son. TH countries arc being flooded with rorektiofl as to the stnto and occupations of ttiedc&fl; mnny simply vapid, childish, and prtthjl as to the mansions, the temples, the £o«ctB the lessons of guardian angels in the hills fl wisdom, tlie beautiful horses that co&tfl; the young ladies for them to ride on. fcl theso puerilities wore by no means the coB serious of these demoniacal revelation. Ill Biblo doctrine, thnt now ia tho accepted tic tho only season of probation, wasuiitireljiB nsido by these false messengers. TheywtB providing tlio answer to tlmt awful fjatitirB "How siinll wo escape if we neglect tB present salvation "? Tho new thcoloB to the Btnto of tho dead was thh, "tB spirits dwell iu various regions, thcunhfB in placos of darkness, and misery beyond uB power of man's imagination to co&ctiB; There they rotnaiu until repentance for ol begins to awaken. They tlien desire lirttB which is immediately vouchsafed to thcoj aud tho blackness with which they are nr-l rounded becomes rather less dense. Surid of higher grado may then bo listened tsj when thoy strivo by teaching to strengths! the repentant feelings, etc." "Therein! seven sphorcs of more or less light, aril seven degrees in each. A radhscjl surrounds each spirit of more el less brilliancy according to the spknl they have readied. Spirits in the tul lower sphorea havo no rauiancc." In nnijl of these communications, spirits reprcaen&gj; themselves as donizens of the higher spheres! liavo narrated their descents into the low, 1 in order to awaken and help tho irropenUntl The gospel which thoy preach was not, hev-l ever, that Gospol in Christ, which vmsm clarcd to bo i' tho power of God unto satol tion," but, so far as ho had read, consiatoll moroly of admonitions to the sinful to n- pent, to look up to God, in which case they I would bo drawn upwards to Him, aud then t» I do what thoy could for those around thea. He had never in his reading met with one I reported instance of a spirit entenng tie spheres of darkness with the message iren I God, "Bclicvo on tho Lord Jesus Chrut, and thou slmlt be saved." Be certainly I found many statements as to the ap|Kn«J | to tho ropontant of lights, which graiiudlj tool: the slmpo of crosses ; nnd instruct) angels were often introduced with flawog crosses iu their hands ; but "I have kta told," said ono writer, " by my sprit guwi that crosses, as given in these incssagw. w a sign of tho truth of the message the holiness of tho spirit— an evil spint caw. give tlio sign of tho cross. Tho lecturer said that ho had more to mw, and of more appalling character still, theso demoralising teachings from the u« world outsido of this ; but these ho w connect more naturally with the suhj««? proposed noxt Sabbath ovoning to discuss. , R was a terrible fact tlmt these mediums fcw almost all been brought up within tiio bosom of tho Christian Church; ana there was w moro startling nnd radical opposition t bo found betweon the must divene n gious creeds than that between the _ hefs in which tlie majority of csc,f' I been educated, and tho doctrines, m t future life, now being delivered thropj them, " There is this new thing in midst," says ono of their ablest wnt i I "that is destined to put a new I into belief, and usher in a Jiew res ' I rcction day. It is liko watching the £ I black tliundor clouds, mounting th® jw > | calm sky with a deliberate haste, that maj I you hold your breath till they j I sharp edgo of each other." And helie I as ho intended to prove, that these I were influenced by an organised wnc I spirits from tlie kingdom of Satau ; I which, though love might bo wanting, I would bo no lack of unity, ho should ex v I tlio-tc.ich))iga of all to point in the - I direction— that is, to reduce the , I teachings of religion to that dead 'cv . I superstition and Paganism, which I to some extent ho accomplished I tlio i great Apostacy, headed <9 : 1 last Antichrist, could tower without I over Christendom nud tho world, i i I spirits wero thus openly active in tho n I of us, oouid wo wonder at tho gcutrn J oitomcut which was already _ unsettle tlio world ; the rapid nud u . pectcd succession of ovents ; the thrcatc growth of armies and fleets ; the stw philosophies and orcods springing up «n ®. . ' sido; tho spread of discontent, insuwru | tion, nqd lawlessness; tho solfisbiMS honesty, unscmpulousness, imniormuyi , the qtbor signs of evil energy actuating degrading tho lives of mon 7 \- Iu a oyclone at Tonga, a valnnblo eoll tion qf. instruments, . books, etc., m Wcslsyau College, was .dcstroyed by &«» TI19 loss, is £000 ' 