HOW SENATOR JOKES RETAINED HIS FORTUNE. A Washington letter in tlie Philadel phia Times gives tlie following gossip : Senator Jones, of Nevada, having replenished his depleted exchequer by a fortunate rise in Sierra Neveda stocks. Ms come back with : his beautiful ' young wife and maiden sisters to OQCupy his half of the Butler block on Capitol bilk He left here five months jgo for liis home at Gold hill, "dead hroke," in vulgar parlance, or "busted," the miner terms it. Forseeing the jigs in mining stocks, ho invested all could raise or borrow in Sierra Hfevada, and reaped - a rich return. e?u he had not enough to fill the asure of liis opportunity. His wife a splendid necklace for -which he had void in opulent days the sunt of 35,000dol. which she, being a retiriiig little body, 5 1 given to display, had never worn but <&e-; " My dear," said he to her one day, you will let me invest your diamonds C.'Awwn TCToxtOilo vmi eltoll IvirD file llVA. <L$ds for pin money." As you please," said the dutiful little -vouxan. " You know I never wear pni." 1 'Senator Jones is not the man to go iwking his wife's jewels about tlie ' s0 ie offered them to the first , Jw he met and received 12,000doL lor >r which he invested on margin in her and to-day she is worth 110,000dok registered bonds. He paid his debts, cggeuled the mortgage on liis 100,000d6L jjjOfth of furniture, which Ben Butler held 8, collateral for three years' rent, and in j® than a half year returns with several jpllions to spare. And that is the way v-Iy-y do things "out west.". The Jones -ajmily will give several grand entertain- >cats this winter. \- Mr John Orr, M P.— This gentlenian expound his political views "to the ..qjfcors of Moira, at St George's hall, "jjngaratta, on Thursday evening, the 17th WN at 8 p.m., at Kettle's Emu Hotel, Uwa, on Friday, the 18th inst., and at Jn&erglen; on Saturday, the I9th inst., ."fcne same hour. Tourts of General Si-.sions. T;hesfi . Jtr.- in u.a Ifoitb-liasti-rii il'strict are ap t»« b» i.rid during 1-b» yw, 1879, as " llS«ws : — Bi'cebv ortb, 16th July ; "Benalla, W8& -J"'!' 12 h December; Wangaratta, j July ..,xu ICLii December. J > The Oriental Bank. — Regarding the affairs of the Oriental Bank, the Insurance and Banking Record writes: — "It has been communicated by telegraph that the Oriental Bank Corporation will not pay a I dividend for the half-year, that losses, owing to a depressed state ot trade, had swept away £124,000 earnings, which were at credit in October last, with £120,000 additional, and that after allowing for depreciation in tlie value of securities and losses on Eastern exchange, nearly the whole of the reserve fund (325,000) would be absorbed. Although this in formation is undoubtedly disappointing to shareholders in the Australian colonies and elsewhere, it will be admitted by tliein that the directors have now Liken a proper course in boldly meeting the j losses which have confronted them. AY c have grounds for believing that the nucleus of a new reserve fund exists, after a complete clearance of everything bad or I doubtful. No small portion of the loss I sustained is due to adverse Eastern ex- changes and depreciated value of silver, and to decline in tlie value of East India Government rupee paper. The informa tion transmitted is evidently derived from the directors' report' and balance-sheet issued in advance of the meeting, which j we do not think has yet been held ; last last year the date of meeting was ISth April. It will lie some encouragement to tlie shareholders to observe that, according I to telegrraphic advice, The Times describes I the report as 'courageous and praise worthy, as having frankly met and ackiiowleged the actual or possible losses, | which may be temporary. llus last clause points to this favorable contingency, that if an improvement in the value of East India securities held should take place, it would enable the replacement of a considerable portion of the reserve fund. Of Government securities, the bank held in i October no less than £1, 312,9(14. The paid up capital of the bank is £1,500,000. In October last it held in coiu, £2.380,748 : j balances due from other banks, £837,141 : I nromissorv notes and bills of other banks. £72,509, together, £3.290.399. The pro ceedings at the meeting are looked forward to with interest, and certainly with confi dence." The Late Charles Joseph La Troce. — A copy of tlie iaini'il e/ig>cu.r, of I Xcueliatel, dated July Otli, 1S7S has been sent to the -J rgtis, containing an account of the opening of a Protestant chapel in the environs of Neucliatel which has been erected by Airs La Trobe, the widow (if the first Governor of Victoria, in memory of her distinguished husband. I The building in question is called the I Hermitage chapel, ond is intended for the use of a large and poor population of I working watchmakers. A bronze plate I fixed in the choir bears the following in- I seription : — "To the glory of Almighty God, Father, Sen, and Holy Ghost, and I r.n tlin wi41-bf>lii\"f>il momm-v nf Ohavfes Joseph La Trobe, and of his daughter Lsabclla Castelano Helena La Trobe, this 1 chapel was erected in the year of grace 1878." "The Lord God giveth them light." — Rev. xxii. 5. The paper adds that Sirs La Trobe lias placed the chapel in the eharge of the Independent Church of Neucliatel. It also mentions that there is an infant and Sunday-school attached to the chapel. The AY j i ie kg Inquiry. — The committee appointed to inquire into the circumstances of the escape of Wiberg, the man accused I of stealing 5000 sovereigns from the s. I Avoea, lias now concluded its labors, ami I the report lias been presented to the Acting Chief Secretary. It is understood I as we have already stated, that the mem bers of the committee are not agreed amongst themselves as to the precise tenor of their report. Messrs Nimmo and llirams have arrived at tlie conclusion that Mahony, the officer ill charge of Wiberg while the boat was being prepared for the work of search for gold in the Tarwin River, acted in a manner which leaves his conduct not altogether free from suspicion, whilst they consider that Inspector Secretan and Detective Duncan allowed themselves to be completely hoodwinked by the cunning artifices of their prisoner. Mr Richardson, tlie chairman, takes a more lenient view, being of opinion that the ofiicers were cnfiivly misled, and that they are not to m-k'iimeci if!' gross dereliction of duty. Mr Richardson's opUli011 will be expressed in an addendum to the re?01s aSl'pcd to by his colleagues. The last mCenS f i 1 1-- .-nmimtfao (V-,e linti x-ndrtivl -»tt (tnr. tile »"V vv-» — — »»vv «» UO 11GIU J VOLLLUIVJ j (Kick . members before separating passed a resolution expressing their satisfaction at the efficient maimer in wliicli the secretary Mr E. C. Martin, had discharged his duties. A Goon Tenant. — Owners of houses (writes the -1/. A. 3 fail) have occasionally to put up with annoyance through their tenants being in arrears with their rent ; but for audacity the following case certainly bears the palm. An obliging landlord has allowed one !"!fe'uses tC' V,G occupied lor the past twelve months by a lady whom we will call Johnstone. She has paid no rent, although during that time it has been applied for in almost every legiti mate way. To the astonishment of the landlord ho on Friday received a note In forming him that unless "the rent was reduced, she wou&I; be compelled to leave !" Employm eno-iya Ladies. — "Amalsam," in the Caslk-mahie Representative , writes : — A young lady friend of mine wants to know -why young ladies are not employed at banks.' She is sure the- could count money and keep books, and she even thinks that on an emergency they could use a revolver just as well — if not better than the 'bank rats' who have recently distinguished themselves. She even believes they would resist the Kellys quite as efficiently as tlie Scotts, the Tarletons, and Livings. Judging from the courage and address shown by a lady telegraph operator in the Franco-Prussian war, I should say they would, and I am sure of oiie thing — they would look better than tlie ordinary bank clerk." The Bed of the Yarra. — An Ameri- on.n inv.'j'n'f.irm fm "ur»rlri n rr in -f.Titt nf rivers under water is about to be sub mitted to the Government, with a view to its being used in deepening the Yarra. Cremation. — The Spectator observes: — "The Government does not intend to allow cremation to be practisedin England without a discussion in Parliament, in which, apparently, the Home Secretary will take the adverse view. The people of Working are furious because a company has bought land in Working cemetery to set up a furnace for burning the dead, and on - Thursday sent a' deputation to Mr Cross about it: The deputation had not much to say, their spokesman, the Hon. Francis Scott, being much too angry to be intelligible, making a speech; which was a sort of oath writ large. Cremation was un-Christian, un-English, a scandal, a dis grace. and the like: ail of which showed Working opinion, but not the demerits of cremation. Tlie speech, however, drew from Mr Cross the declaration quoted, and the advice tliat the Working experiment should be prosecuted asi a nuisac®- There can be no doubt thatj apart from popular Heeling, which, as usual, is right in essence aiid silly in expression, there is a serious objection of .public polity to cremation. It would knock the system of in quest to pieces, make poisoning much more easy, -and perhaps facilitate igrave;cases of; personation. The difficulty does not arise in India, where the climate destroys ! identity almost as quickly as cremation does. Loans to Selectors. — The Melbourne correspondent of the " Courier" reports a rumor to the effect that Mr Berry has entered into preliminary negotiations with 'a body of capitalists in London who are anxious to find a safe means of investment of a somewhat more remunerative charac ter than any now available in the old country or on the continent of Europe. It is added .that the attention of these capi talists having been directed to the position of the agricultural selectors in Victoria, and to the difficulties of a more or less sormidable nature often experienced by that class of our colonist iu their efforts to borrow money, they have sounded Mi- Berry as to the prospects that might arise from the establishment of a financial com pany with a very large capital — something like £7,000,000— for the express purpose of advancing funds at a reasonable rate of interest, to such selectors as might re quire such assistance. It is said that Mi- Berry is disposed to regard this project with considerable favor, and that it is more than probable that it may eventually be carried into execution. The Hon. John Woods. — Mr Woods is evidently the man for Victoria (writes the Sydney Morning Herald ). He is going to find coal in Gippsland. Other, people have looked and found only thin and unworkable seams. But they did not know how to look properly, and Mr W oods is going to show them how to do it. His reputation stands pledged now to make a discovery that shall supply Melbourne with Victorian coal — tlie real genuine home-made article — at 17s a ton. Mr iuacKeuzie win nave m nine nis cunumsneu head. He went to Gippsland to inspect on behalf of the Government, and dis couraged a waste of money in useless ex ploration. Of course lie did, says Mr Woods ; he came like Balaam on purpose to curse, and he did curse. If he had deserved this name, however, and been like his. prototype, he ivould have blessed. He would have seen in a vision little branch railways blocked with coal-laden trucks, goodly villages filled with the busy hum of miners and their families, chimneys smoking, boilers hissing, and wheels re volving. Alas, to his blinded unprophetic sight, none of this stood revealed ! He saw only geological indications that were not promising. Why ! He came from New South Wales, and none are so blind as those that will not sec. Now that a local seer has been raised up in tlie person of ilr Woods, the long-hidden treasure is to be brought to light, and the curse of car boniferous barrenness is to be removed from Gippsland. The Exhibition Commissioners. — The present Government of Victoria appear to have adopted the protege system in a thoroughly wholesale manner, without fear or shame. In the appointments recently made to the Exhibition Commission, of a number of individuals " to fame unknown." wo discover the names of 3 " eighteen members of the Legislative As sembly, and not a single member of the Council ; while men connected with finance, the merchants, tlie professors of universities, and the shipping interest are entirely ignored and set aside. But what makes the selection stillmore transparently and vulgarly odious in the eyes of all intelligent minds is the fact that everyone of the eighteen members is a partisan of the Ministry. Hero is the list : Andrew, Billson, Bowman, A. T. Clarke, Dixon, Dow, Dwyer, Fincham, Graves, Grant, Hunt, Langridge, Lalor, Longmore, Laurens, Munro, Orr, and W. C. Smith, Expunge the names of the Ministers from this lot, and what an array ; what a tag- rag and bobtail lot are foisted upon us, to represent before our visitors from all partsof the eivihzed world, the intelligence, the wisdom, and the hospitality of Victoria. The establishment of coffee houses is a scheme which coviauends itself to everyone who has the real -weli-bemg of their fellow- mcJH lit heart. That these place will have the e/.fect of diminishing tlie vice of drun kenness there can be no doubt ; but it is essential that tbs refreshments provided be excellent in every respect. We may expect that, though they are called cP-'fee houses, the leading article of consumption will be tea, it is, theih-fore, of the greatest importance that at the onset of the move ment a really good cup of tea bo provided, and this can be done with certainty if the promoters insist on the use of the Oriental Tea Company's Packet Teas, which have secured the approbation of tll9 best judges in Europe and the colonies. 