THE TERRIBLE YEAR— 1881. The Record Union, 7th March, says : — Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teachers' Institute last night, upon the very interesting subject of ' The Planetary Conjunction in 1881.'' The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds of ili-omen, who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, have predicted the most awful etate of affairs to be inaugurated in 1881, and to continue till 1887, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements con tinue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, vol canoes burst forth, the earth open and ewallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all water become poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and ruin in ail the earth. Lately in this State a eo- called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing recited, and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction ie to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to show the reason for his faith. He illus trated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon tho wall by meaae of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satis fied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Some how the forward outlook is ne^er calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to pivotal events in nature, such as the completion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve great crises in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposi tion of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled ' The Voice of the Stars,' which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the. years 1880 and 1887, including the annihila tion of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic erup tions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopis of Piazzi Smith's ' Pyramid Reli gion,' and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substantially agreeing that— The -world to an end ehali corae IH1S81. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the publisher of the ' Shipton Almanac' has openly confessed that fce edded the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. [Mr. Chas. Hindley, of Brighton, iu a letter to. the Leeds Mercury, confessed that he fabricated the prophecy kawon as ' Mother Shipton's,' the particulars of which we gave in our iss of April last. — Ed.] The question before us is, can there be any rssidal truth behind all this superstition end nonsense P The lecturer presented Professor Delarue'e theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corres ponding effecta of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. 9e then exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets October 31, 1881 ; all the large planets bat Saturn and Mercury being nearly ia a straight liue passing through tine centre of the sun. It is slleged that a similar aspect of tbepiiinels will not occur for many thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be nianifesied. Nevertheless the planets are enormously distant.- Their at tractive force varies inversely as ths square of the distance. It is hardly conceivable that mere gravatation could ever produce any such effects as tbe foretold disaster. The only remaining theory ia that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the sun and the planets. This is but tbe ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in time3 between euch conjunctions and atmospheric dis turbances, where the theory of great result ing evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton Gollege, the eminent scientist and astronomer: — ' H. B. Norton. — Dear sir — Your letter of enquiry is received. I answer briefly as f olio«vs : — First — Your enclosed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second — It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third — There is no good reason for expect ing remarkable disturbances in the solar or terrestial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarue thought that he had discovered a relation between them and sun spots, but latest re searches fail to substantiate the the Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours very truly, Charles A. Young.' Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said : ' We are justified in conclud ing that science has thus far given us no definite reason for expecting the great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public ezcite rcent shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for the *? voice from the tombs,' uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful forecast at tributed to Mother Shiptou.' A correspondent writes : — ' Sitting at the Aquarium last week, watching the tricks of an armless man on the stage, who wag play ing cards, drawing a cork, pouring out wine, &c;, but always using his feet instead of his hands, 1 heard a child, who was sitting in front cf me, say to its mother, * I say, ma, is that Mr. Darwin ?' ' — London World. A gentleman who has just had a family tomb constructed takes his wife to the cemetery, and she recoils with horror on 'beholding cut in the stone: 'To the memory of my beloved wife — eternal regret. ' But I am not dead !' she cries. ' I know it, darling, but wished to please you by showing you what mv affection would lead me to say when you die.' Howard Paul writes in his notes to the American Register : — I took an aged Hebrew to the Opera, the other evening, to witness ' Les Huguenots.' Suddenly my friend burst into a guffaw, as if an idea had struck him. ' Why do you laugh ?' I gently inquired. 'Laugh! thetretht game I ever thaw. A bloomin' lot p' Protethtanth an' Catholicthfi a-killin' of each other to music written bj a Jew. Ha ! ha !' 