The Advertiser FRIDAY, JULY 18, 1879. In January last a paper by Mr. R. C. Patterson, C.E., was read before the Insti- tution of Civil Engineers, London, on the best methods of railway construction for the development of new countries, as illus- trated by the railway systems of South Australia. A digest of this paper appeared in these columns in March last, but it may not be amiss, now that we are in possession of a complete copy and a report of the dis- cussion which followed, if we say a few words with reference to it. Mr. Patterson first gives a sketch of the history of rail- way construction is this colony, commencing with our earliest efforts in that direction when the gauge adopted was 5 feet 3 inches ; alludes to the agitation which was set on foot some twelve years since for the initia- tion of a cheaper system of railways, which resulted in a much lighter kind of permanent way being constructed on the 5 feet 3 gauge, and in the introduction of the 3 feet 6 inch gauge for independent systems ; and gives an elaborate description of the section of railway now being con- structed from Port Augusta 200 miles northward, and to which we shall refer presently. As Mr. Patterson points out, when the 3 feet 6 inch gauge was first introduced, it was confined to lines which it was believed would be so entirely separated from existing lines by distance, or by the interposition of natural features in the country, as to preclude the possi- bility of the two gauges being brought into contact for many years to come ; but, he adds, "South Australia has grown so rapidly in wealth and in population, and the public works policy has been of such a vigorous character, that the lines upon two gauges will meet in the year 1879, and there will then be experienced all the in- conveniences and disabilities of a break of gauge." The subject of break of gauge, the con- struction of light railways, and the ques- tion as to which is the best gauge on which to construct railways, are the chief points touched span by Mr. Patterson in his paper. It certainly, is an unfortunate circumstance that there should be each a discrepancy in the gauges adopted by the different colonies, in view of the fact that eventually their runway systems most meet on their several borders ; but it is too late now to talk of establishing a uniform gauge. In this colony, as we have already stated, we have the two gauges of 5 feet 3 inches and 3 feet 6 inches ; in Victoria the 5 feet 3 inch gauge has been adopted ; in New South Wales a gauge of 4 feet 8½ inches ; and in Queensland a gauge of 3 feet 6 inches ; and these gauges it is pretty certain will con- tinue to be the ruling widths of the lines in the several colonies. Mr. Patterson says that were it possible to begin the work of railway construction on this continent de novo he believes that the 4 feet 8½ inch gauge would be the best to adopt, and he grounds his belief on experience, gained by having had to construct and main- tain lines on all three gauges ; and be asserts that the 3 feet 6 inch gauge in easy country shows but a slight saving in construction over the gauge he advocates, and that where there is any considerable traffic the greater effi- ciency of the 4 feet 8½ inch gauge will speedily more than balance the extra cost of construction. But railways are not always constructed over "easy country,'' and with as it has sometimes been a ques- tion of a 3 feet 6 inch railway or no rail- way. The question of the relative merits of rival gauges has afforded food for dis- cussion for many years past, and will con- tinue to do so for many years to come ; but whatever may be the merits of the wide, medium, or narrow gauge over the other two, there is little probability of any uniform system being adopted now by the colonies who have be many miles of railway already completed or in course of construc- tion and of such varying widths. But although Mr. Patterson is strongly in favor of the 4 feet 8½ inch gauge he admits that the 3 feet 6 inch railway is amply sufficient for the requirements of a thinly-populated country like South Aus- tralia, which possesses so vast a territory. It is satisfactory to have the testimony of Mr. Patterson to this fact, and if the narrow gauge is sufficient for us now we may rest assured that it will also serve the purposes of the country for many years to come. We are not likely, with our enormous territory, to become so thickly populated as to require an alteration of gauge in our railways in the present century at any rate, and if it should in the next cen- tury become a necessity doubtless there will be sufficient wealth in the country to bear the strain without causing much inconvenience. In Mr. Patterson's description of the Port Augusta Extension he refers to the bridges which are being constructed on the line, which he charactarises as the lightest and most economical that have ever been constructed on any line. The lime concrete which has been adapted as a substitute for masonry in the walls, arches, inverts, and wing walls for culverts, has proved a complete success, fulfilling the necessary conditions of economy, efficiency, and stability. The cost of these concrete culverts has been less than one-half that at corresponding culverts in masonry, and many of them up to 8 feet in diameter, some occurring under the heaviest embankments on the latest constTttcted lines, show jiotthe least signiof settlement or failure, and Mr. Patterson re commends their adoption in all countries where the conditions and climate present no bar to their adoption. We have set an. example to older countries worthy of their imitation in several matters before now, but it was hardly tote expected that we shoujld -show tibem how to cheapen the cost of railway construction. Such, however, it seems is likely to be the case, as in the dis cussion which followed the reading of Mr Patterson's paper 'none of the experts who took part in it raised an objection to the substitution of concrete for masonry in the construction of the works mentioned by Mr. Patterson. The discussion of Mr. Patterson's paper occupied a portion of two evenings, and was taken part in by several gentlemen, nearly all of whom said that they favored the 4 feet 8½ inch gauge, and it was stated that one 3 feet 6 inch line in England would probably be shortly altered to that gauge. But it was pointed out that the 3 feet 6 inch gauge was essential for Queensland, as the expense of constructing lines on the wider gauge, with the necessary cuttings, bridges, embank- ments and tunnels which a hilly country entails, would have been so great as to render the carrying out of the work pro hibitory. And this is an argument which applies with equal force in some portions of this colony, and in fact everywhere, where diffjimit country has to be crossed, and where the railways are constructed by the State. It was asserted that in this colony passenger trains were running at a speed of 35 miles an hour with loads of 9 tons per axle, on a 404b. rail, and this was spoken of as being not only undesirable but even -danger ous. If it be the .custom to run these heavy loads os 404b. rails, at such a high rate of speed as to render travelling dangerous, - then - we must be a very fortunate people, as happily we enjoy an almost perfect immunity from, rail way accidents. It was asserted by the Agent-General for New South Wales that the management of railways in Australia was on the whole superior to the manage ment of railways in England, but he added that whenever a point is reached at which the railways begin to offer a chance of pay ing, it is always open to some patriotic member of Parliament to move for a redac tion of fares. We know too well how Governments have~'bean pestered by depu tions asking for reductions; of fares or freights in this colony not to feel the force of this statement, and this is undoubtedly one of the evils which attend the construction of railways by the State; but in young countries it is of necessity the work of the State to provide railway communicatian, and even if the railways are worked at a trifling toss the ■ benefits they confer more than compensate for «fr«>-'i Theniajorpartof the speeches were of a technical xhMacter, and'had reference to curves, gradiente, weight of nils, engine^ aleepara, and other, portions of a railway line, and there was great unanimity shown in the condemnation of the longitudinal sleeper for climates each as that of Aus tralia ; and although there was an- evident feeling on the part of the' majority of the speakers in favor of the 4 feet 8£ inch gauge as being the happy medium which It would be advisalJe to adopt if a uniform gauge were decided on, yet it is satisfactory to Imow that the feeling was also very strong that for a thinly populated country such asths is, a g«uge of 3 Jest-6 mc?es ?wai* con sftered to" be the" o&Vw;&ich;*is stnfedrtb tb£ requirements of the place, seeing that the gauge has been* "largely' aiopted in this colony of bite years. To much of our ter ritory a wider gauge is more suited, bat where the country is rough and hilly, or the traffic small, the 3 feet 0 inch gauge bettor meets our special requirements. An outbreak of epidemic enteric (typhoid) fever occurred in January and February last, in the district of Caterham and Bed hill, in Surrey, the origin of which it was difficult to determine, but which on inves tigation was discovered to have "its source in the water supplied by die Gaterham Water Company. This was ascertained through the investigations of Dr. R. T. Thome, and not only was this fact placed beyond doubt, but the report which Dr. Thome sent in to the local Government Board asserts that the epidemic was traced to the accidental fouling of the water of tbe Caterham Company by one of its employes who was suffering from the disease. If this he the case it shows how careful we ought to be to guard our sources of supply" from any possibility of contamination; and to take the precaution, before drawing from any new source, to ascertain by every -means available that -we axe sot laying on to the houses of consumers what may prove to be a fertile source of disease instead of that priceless bleasmg in a hot climate, an abundant supply of pure and wholesome water. ■ The facf? of the Caterham and Redhill case are briefly as follow:—The first suf ferer was attacked on January 19, and the last on February 28. and during thb time bo less than 352 persons suffered from the disease, of which number 224 resided at Itediiill, and 81 at Caterham, the remainder j being made np of smaller numbers of resi* dents in -Tillages in tie neigtborkood draw ing their supplies of water from the Cater ham Company. When Dr. Thome com menced his investigations on February 5, the first fact he established was tbat the houses attacked belonged to no special class; both rich and poor were afflicted with the disease. He next came to the conclusion that the malady couldnot have been conveyed to the houses affected by means of any general system of eewexs, as the majority q£ the houses wen fiiininiinfl pilli mipaisln hwuhihlssiimVJow : to the dsejfc, iato whisk tiw ilralnaai wm conveyed. Sheinilkjeupply/was next la* found that :tW *storM, #^dia£^ wm not to be looked % Ji^^ tf^tSanrand it ma equal]y endent tbat tie outbade of the epidemic wunattobeaccottitf£|;fqr m the theory of personalinfection; Tneimter .supply wm next eapiind into, aMlhg in vestigations in this diteetion left i? ttmht as to tike cause of tbe pnvalence^>f few in tbe district. Oat of 668 hoaat* is. Caterham 419 wen supplied with^ipter by the Gatexhani Csnnany,aa£-«Ht rf &? forty-«eFfi?^eople*tt?y*edin the finrtfort mght forty-five fimdia nooses whemrthis water was Used ;lund'it was also^di?Cov&red; hatL&enremaining; tw? hadfjeeiTin die * oases supplied wilfc= tins water, and had IxunV some of it. Of the 1,700 houses at Kedhill, 924 nsed t&? aame Company* watet, ana of the ?8 bouses effected 91 were 'supplied with it; and %),; report ttstes that the histories of the attacks in the other five froiw^**-^>"fi?*" tV> impmauMm that thfe water %sA J>een the immediate cause of the epidemic; in one house the water had been obtained surrepfitiausly. A. group of SO houses which drew their water supply from another sonne had not a single case of fever. At-^te^gate, too, which is supplied from another/source, and which ■has a population of S^fiOtf/only two casesoc ciirred, and these it was found wanelmported from?edhilL But new comes a fact which, were it not for the thorough investigation of aH the riiwiw^wwn made by Dr; Thome> would bare gone far towards entirely up setting his theory thtft the water supplied by the Gaterham Company was responsible -for the disease which had beea-«e- the district. At Wadingham, *riih 166 houses supplied with the Caterham water, but one case occurred/ |oid this was sup posed to bare miginateeVelsewhere. The persistent, west^gatipns fof ftr. 33torne enabled him to show how this gjirnnmng immunity from disease aroee. Attkatims when «te epidemic occurred an additional well was being mad? in the chalk by tiw side of the two from which the water was drawn, and the supply was so far inter fered with that theF&enley; water was used to augment it. This water was not, how ever, mixed equably with the Caterham water, but was pumped into .the,mains at one particslat pbiatj dose -to tiie tyrniTwnTOTminrt^ of Hit* " 'W&lil;?S'bliin branch of the system, «> that; though the 'water was conveyed through the Caterham Company's pipes it, was not their, water which, was being used at War- lingham, but the Kenley water. "Thus it was pretty clearly established that the disease had originated and been spread through the use of the Caterham Com- pany's water, and the Company having taken the necessary steps to do away with the accidental contamination to which their water had been subjected, the epidemic ceased. Such is the history in brief of a case which points with irresistible force to the necessity of using every precaution within our power to protect from contamination not only the existing stores of water from which supplies are drawn in this colony, but to ascertain beyond the poasxbuky of a doubt that any eteresjfrom which it_is proposed to draw, are wholly free from iht aoapiciqn of jwunr- $in any way wholesome. This recent occurrence gives additional fores to the re marks made by Dr. OaugtbeH in the Legis lative Council on Tuesday with reference to the contemplated water supply for Mount Gambler. The Doctor drew attention to the fact' Oat the wholeof tfta around Mount Gambier ware' at«'uniform level, and stated that the iOprpotation were using one o£ the many canms which abounded in that district as a receptacle for refuse water, and that' alongside- the open conduit which conveyed 'this water was a place for the-jdepoaU of. rubbish. Now if the Corporation do this, what security is there against private persons making use of these caverns for getting rid of even more objectionable stuff ? And if enmmnnwation exists between allthf wafers in and around Mount Gambier, is it not probable that they will* in the e^entof foul matter being emptied in one por tion of them, become to some extent contaminated ? The Pollution Commis- sioners in England have given it as their opinion that if any sewage or animal matter were thrown in at the source^'of &B; longest river in that country in length wouELiiot be sufficient to rid its waters of impurity.. And this can readily be believed when we see what mfcehief has been wrought at Caterham and BedhiJl by die accidental contamination cl tba water tupply by one man affected with "fever. It is satisfactory' to' knew- tkat.4jisboagh so many as 352 persons anfier&djnHKt;^ nwwg this water, the attacks were not generally of a serious character, and that but 21 ter- minated fatally. The- principal «nn)a?era were children, which is accounted for by their being such free drinkers of -water. Women were more numer ously attacked than men, and this is set down to their being- more partial to water than the sterner sex. Pure water, as we all know, is one of the first essentials of life, and no effort or ex pense ie-too great which will aecnre people generally such : an inestimable blessing as a bountiful-supply w&ieh; it can be safety Asserted is eotuely free from any deleteriuqs fitfngn ma%ter. Thb returns of land seld«nd cash received for it by the Government during the month, of June are published in the Gcvenuuent Gazette of July 17. The sales for-tha month agaukahow a decrease as compared with those lor the previous month, but it is s slight one beside the fallingsifi obser vable in the April returns. For that month the decrease was £109,671 Sb. 3d. j in June the decrease was but £1,611185. lid. The total for May was £85,504 6s. 9d, «nd for June£3l,9926s. lOd. Theamountpail into the Treasury on account of oash/«alee was £4,102 7s. 11d, of which £92 16s. was made up of deposits on 10 acres 1 rood of township and 102 acres 1 rood of suburban lands, for which the amounts bid were £190 15s. and £226 19s. 4d. respectively } £23 6s.wasfor 23 acres of land that have passed *habam- I taer, £135 was for 135acneof amallUocka in excess of area allowed to be selecteataad £3,941 was made up of balances from pre- vious auction sales. The total quantity of land sold under the credit system was 27,074 acres, for which £31,416 7s. 6d. was agreed to be paid. This area consisted of 16,684 acres of newly-opened country lands, for which £31,026 7s. 6d. was bid ; 166 acres of forfeited lands again offered. ■ and selected, for which £166 was bid; and 234 acre* of lands that have passed the Lammer, for which £384 was bid; and on account of these several lands £3,141175. bm been paid into the Treasury. The ■lid total of land sold for cash and an ■ credit was 97,3441 acres, for^raich £81,416 '." 7s. 6d, is contracted to be paid. In addition in flic above, the following amounts have few? received:—Completion of purchase of UM?Bi*CM?,nodes Acts 14of 1868-9,13 of 1872, &ci; £14,08813s.; payment of half \- jnicluaa money, under clause 22 of Act 13 ?raWS, £2,225 108.; payment of one quarter .purchase-mcmey, £673 Ba. 3d.; r : ■ E*oos4i«Btaljnent of interest, £3,517 18s.; \- : Interest en overdue amounts, £250 1 Is. 9d.; -CXtBBBUn of credit for three-fourths of ~ ifUrchMe-tnotoey, £176 95.; extension of 1 jtreditfor half of purchase-money under * : clause 22 of Act 13 o£ 1572, £246 14a. Bd.; . ircand total payments on account of land during the month, £28,420 6s. 7d. Amount received for improvements, £561 U. The R.M-S. Tanjore arrived at Albany at 640 a m. on Thursday. The Architect-in-Chief is inviting ten dan for tbe erection of the superstructure of the asw Government offices in Victoria-square. The plana aad specifications for the work are not yet ready, but mil be oa Hew aboat the middle af next month. We regret to hear that Miss Jerrois met "*rth a severe accident on Wednesday afternoon, \- 3Fnly 1«, while riding with Hi* Excellency the -Governor on Locklevs-road. It appears that white {waring a school house which the children wen just leaving Kin Jerrots's hone started at their radden appearance and plunged heavily, throwing ber to the ground, from which she was taken op unconscious. His Kxeellenoy, finding a cart pawing at the time,conreyed hi* danghter in it to Government Hoase. Hiss Jervois re -ssmad consciousness ?hortly after reaching lan, and we understand is now doing as wall «■ can be expected. Members of the Ministry and both Bouses of the Legislature, accompanied by the ..Mayor aad City Corporation, with a ■amber of other .gentlemen, on Thursday, the 17th iast., visited and iispecUia the proposed sites for the sewage farm. The half-yearlf meeting of the Port Adelaide, tjneemtown. and FortlanJ Estate Tramway Company will be held at the oflioes of the Oompany, ataelaren Wharf, Port Adelaide, this afternoon. A lecture on Ritualism was given in the Vealeyan Church, Port Adelaide, on Thursday, Swif IT, by the Bay. A. (Stabbs. There was a Jatge w \- aabjeet in a very able manner. Mr. J. Tyerman delivered hie lecture on "Tka messing questions of the age, aad their ooaJlietuw Mlntioni'' at the CHenelg Institute oa Thnnday evening. There was a fair attend ance. Mr. Tyerraan iectorea at the Leidertaf el EaD on Bnnday next, the subject being " Is there a Devil." In discussing the Appropriation Bill in -the JLegMative Assembly m Sydney Mr. Green wood said—" The total nun voted by Parlia ment for the year, including the special appropriations, was £6\721,501, and to meet that *t£eaet taxation was little over a million. They Aad to sell land to make up the difference, and that pmuess ooald not go on much longer." The raififall between 9 a.m. on Wednes dayaad the same hour onThar?dayisiegisterei as follows:— On Thursday evening the Rev. D. OTkmoeU delivered his lecture on " Intem perance, tbe Evil and iti Cure," at j the City llteun Hall. The chair was .. filed by tbe Hon. Jno. Oolton. There was* large andifiara, who listened to the reverend j ,-^Bria?ia with tbe utmost attention. He vividly rjourtrayed the evils attendant upon . .jail—|niisiiim t and referred to the many wayi in. which men might drntt instead of de ' . taaiaflfanwelvae. \- - The Port Bridge "was swung on the 16th, \- after the railway traffic was over, under the ■caperintendeno? of Mr. Moocrieff. The mv «hlnary «od engine worked excellently on open ing the bridge, bat a great deal of difficulty ■vai oxporteseed in dosing It, the machinery . iaing iiinawiisl stiff for want of using. All ohstsnUi were, however, overcome st about Iwifa—l T o'clock on Thursday morning, and .-tk* bridge wm swung properly to. The 650 , -tuim treat Adelaide to the Semaphore had to * stepped a* the Port till the bridge wuihut. The BaHarat Art Union has been some -what tersely treated by the Argus in Mel jMume dnring this month. About the middle of Jons a long letter appeared in our columns troaiVr. Win. Robertson, attacking the pro zociters tar'{he unwarrantable delay that has : ' "taken plans in pulling off ♦fc^ drawing. This -Tutarww reproduced in the Argus of July 6, \- wSnee wbiA date Mr. Bridges, the promoter, has written several letters to. thaiipaper defending •!"13s action.in the matter. *"■ ■; fciattifr article lias also censored the promoter ' t-€dHi* wiy m'wttch the Art Union has thos _ *rbe«;oonducted. ; . '~ TJw-iCHTTiwsfia naming an the Hobson's _ ■ Say Sues sfa now being a* rapidly ? poarible ' £tt«L,wita gas lamps. Becent experiments ' -of tbed*par«an?t with tbe object efwovorting -the old ou lamps into lamps for burnfag oil gas hm proved tnaenssfnL Oarrjages, to which the imnenaij lHtiiig.ii have been atracheri, obtain a -«u?pty of :tbeotl gas manufaotand at PrineeV bnd(? station from the works erected there. Some wets i, however, will probahtr elapse Mere all tbe carriages are provided .wfta the . im|>ofed light. The Minister for BaOway« is alaa takiog ateps to cany into eff«ot" his inten tion of leaving unlocked tbe doars of an ear lisiw rnm?iac upon thembarban lines. j The half-yearlr meeting of eharebolders in tibe Fort Adelaide and Senuphora Land and y^Jl-^-g Company was held at Mr. G. D. Astoa's office. Port Adelaide, on Wednesday .. •ftarsoaa. July VS. There was a good attend «bob. Jfr. JobnKefll, JJ, pnesided. The re- were adopted, staled that the half ". uaVs prpfit was £252 4a. 6d, derived from .•' nroeetds of iales, rent, and interest. Tbe house (|>miwl to in ? previous report as being in ' «oniae of erection at Alberton had bean finished «ad profitably sold, with the additional effect of Iwinf the means of disposing of the Company's land there. The Reserve. Fond' had been aiiji mi iilui by £100, and a dividend at the rate oCIO. per cent, petwnnnia would be payable on August 1. Be T. Back, JJ., and Mr. F. H. Bostler were appointed Direotors, the first frmr^ geotie?aa being re-elected; w< Mr. O. . .P. Bodge was re-elected Auditor. A leehne on "Olrig Grange" vat given wf^bi Ber. D. Paton, MJL, B.D, in connection ~Wfta tte Ohaimers Ohureb literary Association -on Tbonday evening, July 17. There was a *et«Q attendance. -Ohig Orange" U a poetical \- work, pnhHsheid anonymously some time ago, ■wniefa exhibits great literary power, and has keen favorably received, although its merits are \- «tfll tar from being as widely known at they deserve to be. Mr. Patoa v a frimd of the . matacr, tke Row. W. O. Smith, D.D., minister of -the free High Church of Bdinburgh, and in his leoture sought by waU-ebosen extrscts to give UtMdieneeafair idea of the character of the \- book. Bmm of tiie portions quoted bear upon varions perpUxmg pbUosopliieal and seeial ■qaestioos, aod tbe style in which these are «ne*ed by the anwjor seamed to be thoroughly *ppcariatedbythe audieacs. The lecturer re ««rved* hearty vote of thanks. Ttfl declarntorr nedtttioot relating to ibar*Tom of the tagialative Oounefl oflfew BcmXk Wales, of winch Sir Henry Parkesius «jye? notice.are not snftfrhntty stmgent to suit . *he*aste7ol Jfe Bachaaan,who, tbe Byd*ty Jtkmmg.SmUdMUta, bas given n-^oa dltos ialmlien hi move—Mhat tbe ftfth nsoltition |?t tr—T^wi ly ~"jtfi?f fP *>"> "y^T ?ter the -word^ BOY with ? view to the insertion in- their ylaos of the wordsi-'Be intmdncprl, to abolish •the Legislative Oounefl, and •? o^cate the #ov?rniniw> of this eoa&try; by (be people, tbaeagk- then- ehossn icipnieentafiras. That . aay attempt to set up «n electee second • Chamber, or * second Chamber of any kind, . wOl the wflinl fabrication by ou own hands of another obstractWe mountain to impede and rante-ahortive tbe deliberate^ expressed wiU «fti>e people. That a single Chamber, created far the-people and composed of their representa livaa, is tne most ratiooal and sound, as well as ike meat obvious conclusion that this House can •■rive at, if govemmeut by the people is the «bje We have received from Messrs. Qv Momme & Co., the local agent*, the report of tile Transatlantic Marine lusuranoA Company of Berlin, which was presented to the general meeting of shareholders oa April 83. It states that—"Under pressure of declining trade, com bined with all the disadvantages attending sock a period, the Oompany ha* managed to consider ably extend its business operations, and has thus given further «vide?oe of the prqgro—-which has marked its career from the first. Thepremitim inoomes emanates from 60,801 insuraoea-oou tracts (as agsimst 40,954 in 187T). Tbe elalms amount in amnfcer to 1,T82, including 101 total louts, whilst in tbe previous- year we had to enumerate but 1,647, of which however 139 proved to be total losses at tbe time. Of the above, 360, including 18 total lasses, remained at the close of oar investigation unsettled, and foe them.aswellas for aU risks still pending, the usual ample provision has been set aside. The sum total paid for-lotses during the pastboaineat year exceeds that of tbe former one by folly H) per osnt. This enormous increase is chiefly attributable to some exceptional losses by which we bare been visited. The Buanoial aoutiOn of the Company remains notwithstanding- this aU that can be desired." The Loan Estimates of tbe Paries Go vernment, amounting to £7,787,763, were taken into consideration on Thursday, July 10, in the -Legislative Assembly of Kew S«utb Wales, iv a thin House -of not more than twenty-six or twenty-seven members. Tbe following items (says the Sidney Morning Herald) were agreed to -.—Railway*, exclusive of cost of land : Frjtn Tamworth to Tenterfield, 203 miles, £2.211.000 —lees amount voted in 1876, £(300.000— £I, Bourke, 287 miles, £1,450,000; from Gnnnedab to a point opposite X&rrabri;, 00 miles, £370.000; from Wallerawang to Mudgee, 8> miles, £735,000 ; from Narraudera to Hay, 105 miles, , £735,00; from Ooulburn to Wagga, Wagga, to complete the line, £1U),000; for trial surveys, £80.000; for the purchase of railway stores and materials which cannot properly be charged to tbe appropriations of Parliament until actually issued for use, the vote to be recouped as issues take place, £225,000. Harbors and rivers water supply:—Sydney water supply, as per estimate of Mr. Clark, £1,086,768; sewerage, City of Bydney, £IO0j0O0; total harbors and rivers, fte, £1,486,768. The folio wing estimates were omitted:—From Bed fern to Circular Quay, two miles and a half, £410,000; from a point between Rod fern and Newtown, to Bandwick, j Waver ley, and Woolahra, and thence to connect I with the proposed extension into Sydney, 10 mile*, £039,080. A supplementary loan esti mate for £690,000, for the purchase of rolling stock, was passed through Committee. A meeting was held on Thursday even ing, July 17, at St Francis Xavier's Hall, for the purpose of hearing Mr. Beill v, a gentleman connected with the Press of Western Australia, { who has recently come to Adelaide with the in tention of establishing a newspaper more par ticularly representing Catholic views. The meeting, which was largely attended, was a most representative one. The Very Reverend ! tbeVioar- Geaeraltoektbechair. Amongstthose ' present were the Venerable Archdeacon Bus sell, tbe clergy from West-terrace, and the Jesuit Fathers, the fieverends Besshaur, Tappeiner. aad Peters. The first resolution ' wa* moved by the Venerable the Archdeacon, to the effect "That in tbe opinion of this meeting it is most desirable that a Catholic journal ; should be published in South Australia." This was carried unanimously, and the Bey. Father Peters, in a few eloquent and well-chosen re marks, moved —""That this meeting having unanimously affirmed the desirability of having a Catholic journal published in South Aus tralia, hereby pledges iteelf to support in every way ' The Record and South Australian Catholic Standard,' which will shortly appear, under the management of Mr. J. T. BeUly." A Committee was du'y appointed to carry out this object, and on the proposition of Mr. David McNamara H was resolved—" That copies of the proceedings of this meeting be forwarded to the cUxgymenresident in the several towns of the colony, requesting them to be good enough to co-operate with this meeting, and further in everyway the aucosss of 'Tbe Record and South Australian Catholic Standard,'" Themeetingwas i?ost enthusiastic throughout, and eloquent speeches were made on the necessity for a Catholic organ in this colony, to promulgate Catholic truthand guard Oatholic interests. An inquest was held at die Port .Ad miral Hotel, Port Adelaide, by the City Coroner, on Thursday afternoon, July 17. on the body of Joseph Tyrrell, aged 43, who was drowned in Hie Port Biver on the previous j night. Mr. G. HHls was Foreman of the Jary. | David Hughes, master of the ship Shakspeare, said the' deceased was carpenter on board bis , vessel. He snipped at Liverpool. He was generally a useless man, and since the ship bad been in port Was ne&rjy; always muddled with drink. Went ashore on the afternoon of : -the previous 'day, and on returning act 10.30 p.m. , beard voices onboard bis ship and saw a light moving about. Ob msking enquiries the watch- j man said he had heard a splash in the water between tile wharf and xhe ship. Told the sail jsaker to go under the wharf and see if be could discern anything floating, bat nothing was seen. On the following morning deceased was found to be ■??—"?e, and the fast was reported to the police. Peter Grnbb.saumaker of theShakspeare, said he went ashore with deceased at 730 the previous evening, but left him after having some beer together. Never saw him tbe worse for drink. He was in the habit of coming - on to tile ship bom the whacf by means of the rigging instead of the proper gangway. August Oatryve, the watchman, stated that he beard tfcesplaah at about tbe- same plane that deceased usually came on board. Or. Toll de pn«?d iA CT«f^vin g flu> fcnJy nt AmKnmmnt There were two lacerated wounds at tits back of the bead, and a contusion, probably caused by de ceased knocking his head CD some timber as he was #?Ui??g Hhe canae of death was asphyxia from drowning, accelerated by 41 blow on the bead. A witness wbo spoke to deceased at about 0 o'clock on the night of Wednesday said he was then perfectly aober. P.O. Cornell gare evidence as to picking up the body by means of drags abreast of the fore-rigging. The Jury rttumedaverdictof « Accidental death." An inquest was held at Mr. Finch's bouse, Hamley Sandhill, Yorke's Peninsnla, on Wednesday, July 16, by Mr. G. F. Wyatt.on the body of William Whitford, a child aged three years and three months, who had fallen into a tank of water and was drowned on tbe previous day. Grace Whitford, mother of de- ceased, stated that a little before noon on Tuesday deceased went to his grandmother's, and thinking that be was all right there she did not trouble about going to look for him until about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when she went to her mother's house and enquired after the child. Both his grandmother and grandfather said he bad gone home. She then enquired at tbe houses of some of the neighbors, and on going back found that her father had just taken the child out of a tank. Sarah Finch, grandmother of the deceased, said he went to ber bouse, as he wes accustomed to do daily, on Tuesday a little before noon, and she left him in tbe kitchen while she went to get some wood- On coming back she saw that he was gone, and as he had taken his hat with him she concluded be had gone home. Did not think anything more about him until his . mother came to enquire for him; and when he could not be found anywhere about her husband thought of looking in the tank, where the child was found quite dead. William Finch said he came home from Moonta about 12 o'clock on Tuesday, and asked if deceased bad been to the house. His wife informed him that "Willie jad just gone home." Some time afterwards be went out and noticed that - the cover of the tank was not quite as it was usually kept, and put it right, not thinking that the child had been meddling with it. On the mother of the child coming to look for him, and not being able to discover that be had been to any of the neigh bers' houses, witness took a piece of fencing wire to drag the tank, and immediately brought the body of the deceased to the surface. Tried every mean to restore him to life, but he was dead and cold. Dr. James stated that be had been called to see deceased, and found life quite extinct. Tried artificial respiration, but the body had been in the water too long, and all attempts at restoring life were useless. After a shirt consultation the returned a verdict "That deceased was accidentally drowned through falling into a tank." The following anecdote, which shows how nearly the services of Sir G«rnet Wobeley wen once being for ever lost, is of interest at tbe present times, and is given by the London rtmisin renewing a - Ufe" lately published. When the Crimean war broke otrt the BOth was sent oat, and Wolseley was appointed 'acting engineer, mod did his first tonr of duty in4hat eipaeity on the 4«i January, 1856. Slightly woudademtbelOthof April and It* of Jane, be -xeeetrad a sewn aad dangerous hurt on the BKb ef August. Oa the Utter day be was working at the bead of tfee advanced sap of the right.attack,assistingtaoasppexs to fill with atenes-aame gabions whiah the Bussisns had npse* just before in a sortie, when a shot dashed'tnto toe middle pt tbe group.. He bad jocMime to cry.." LoekoaiV .when the whole party lay prostrate on the ground. The.', round shot bad struck a gabion, scattering tbe stones with resistless force. One of the sappers h«& bis head taken off; the other was dieembo welled. Both were .killed instantaneously, ana WbUeley himself, lying b£iheir?)de senseless and covered with blood, seemed .also a corpse. A sergeant of sagpera, fading that he still breathed, picked him up, and after a time be recovered suffi ciently to be .able, with the kelp of the sergeant •nd Prince Victor of Hohenlohe, to stagger as far as the d .ctor's hut. tfe then sank exhausted and half unconscious. Prince Victor asked the doctor to look at him. He did so, and curtly s?y>ng, "He's a dead on," was about to attend to other patients. Wolseley, roused and irritated by this cool way of dismissing him to' the other world, turned round. and said, .*f t ani worth a good many 4e«3 men yet," thus aecuring She doetot's attenUou. A detailed exami natton. showed, Jthat 'if not dead he was very severely wounded. Hu features Wen' notrdUtihgnishahle aa those of a human taing, .while blood Sowed from innumerable wonnds caused by the atones with whion he had been struck. Sharp frainnents were em bedded all over his face,-and his left cheek hal been almost cut completely away. Bath his ejes were completely dosed, and the injury to one of them was so serious that the sight has been permanently lost. Not a square inch of bis face but what was battered and cut about, while bis body .was wounded all over, just as if be bad been peppered with small shot. Ho had rvceired also a severe wound on his right leg, so that both limbs bad now been injured, the wound in the left thigh received in Burmah rendering laim slightly lame. For many yean afterwards tbe wound on tue shin, received on this 30tb of August, caused him much suffer ing, and when on duty in Canada, nearly two jean after tLe event, he was under the neces sity of returning to England for medical advice regarding the bone, which was exfoliating. The following letter from Mr. John Bright, written in reply to one from tbe Editor of the Kortk American Stviev, asking Mr. Blight's opinion as to tbe nature and extent of tbe alleged protective movement in England, is published in tbe June number of tbe Bewiae .-— " 182, Piccadilly, London, April 26. 1679. My dear Sir—l have no difficulty in replying to your letter of tbe 31st ult. Ido not think there is any chance of a return in this country to the doctrine of protection. We export everything but agricultural produce ; to protest our manu factures is manifestly impossible; from another cause tbe protection of our land produce is not more possible. Half our population exists on imported food; to limit this import by Customs duties, in order to raise the price of home grown food, is a proposition than can iiot be entertained for a momont. Such a rcheme offered to Parliament and the conntry wonld destroy any Government and any party. Weace passing through a time of commercial depression; its causes are apparent to those who examine and consider the facts of reesmt past yean. But in times of trouble ignorant men seize upon unlikely and impossible propositions and Hchernm fat relief. There is no special medicine for this malady. Time, patience, the working of natural laws, the avoidance and ees- Eatiou of tbe excitement aad half-madness oT the past, and a.general economy will bringabont a cure, not without some or much suffering, but without failure. We adopted free trade in the year 1846, bat oar landowners and fanners, and mnltitudeaof «ar people, did not comprehend the principle* we taught, and now a new generation is on tbe stage, dl- aoquainted even with the facts of 40 years ago. There h=s been no great distress since our Corn Law was abolished; and now, when trouble has come for a time, some of tbe snffeiers, and some of the quack doctors wbo are always ready to prescribe far the pub lic, cry on* for protection, as if we bad never tried it before, and aa if it had been found a t-pecifie in other countries. There is no danger of our going back to protection. The present trouble will pass away. It baa been aggravated by the evil policy of our Government, and that also will pass away; and the simpletons wbo are looking for relief to an exploded doctrine and practice will reUpse into that silenoa and obscurity which becomes them. It is a grief to me that your people do not vet see their way to a more moderate tariff. They are doing wonders, unequalled in the -world's history, in paying off your national (*ebt. A more moderate tariff, I should think, wonld give you a better revenue, and by degrees yon might approach a more civilised system. What can be mare strange than for yonr great free conntry to buSd barriers against tint com merce which is everywhere the handmaid of freedom and of civilization. I should despair of the prospects of miuikind if I did not believe wonld revolt fwiinfiii .the barbarism ok your tariff. It seems now your ore great humilia tion ; the world looks to you for ng?i?pV? in all forms of freedom. As to commerce, the great civiliser, shall it look in vain?— Believe me, veiy sincerely yours. — Jomr Baiem. A. Thomdike Bice, Esq., Kew York." A public meeting is to _« held at the Wbe&tsbeai; Inn, Thebarton, this evening, to consider the state of tbe footpaths oa thePort rcsd, at tbe Naime Railway crossing. An entertainment is to be given at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, ths evening, by the Black Diamond Minstrels. Mr. D*Arcy Bead's Ghost entertainment, which, was to have bee* opened at White's Booms 10-nsorrow evening, has been postponed for a week is mnsennenofi of Mrs. Bead's ill heaia. For the second time tins season the Hounds-will meet *t that favorite tryst, the Britannia, ana we vouH advise those who mean going for some of the Hunter events at the Poke's Birthday Meeting to avail themselves of this •* a good qualifying run. In consequence of the football match with theGeelong team on Saturday afternoon it has been deemed desirable to postpone tbe benefit to Mrs. Bates and family which was to have token place at the Theatre Boyal until the following Saturday. The Academy of Music was very well patronised on Thursday evening, and the cam panological performance of the Lynch family and tbe singing and dancing of Mia Yivyan, Mr. Vertan, and Mr. Buckley were greeted with hearty applause by the audwnoe, several of the items on the programme being imperatively e?cored.. The BeUrlngers take their farewell benefit to-night under'tbe patronage of tbe Gielong and Adelaide Football Otdbs. The members of the Qeelong Football team met for practice on Thursday aframoon, July 17, on tbe grounds of tbe Adelaide Foot fall Club. Tbe men when stopped aad attired in their uniform of Woe and white showed fine f.Ljsique «od splendid'muscular development. There was a large attendance of spectators. The marking, loog-tdeking, and running of tbe players were much admired. The Mayor (Mr. AY. C. Buik) and Council are to publicly receive tlitm in the Town Hall this morning. An entertainment was given on Wednes day evening, July 16, in tile Goodwood Bible Christian Chapel, by the memben of tbe local Mutual Improvement Society. The Bey. J. Foster occupied the chair. The programme, which consisted of readings and recitations by the members of the Society, and songs by lady friends, was well carried out. At a previous meeting of tile Society the following officers were elected c—President, Bey. J. Foster; Vice- Pre?ident.Mr. i. Morris; Secretary, Mr. W. A. May ; Treasurer, Mr. J. WhesUey; librarian, Mr. J. Bogeai. . : The popularity of "Henry V." at the Theatre Boyal is in no degree on the wane, as tbe crowded bouses every night most abun dantly testify. The dress circle, atolls, aad other parts of tbe theatre were crowded on Thursday night, aad tbe audience thoroughly enjoyed Dae intellectual toeat afforded. It is a pleasure to see and bear one of Shakspeare's most effective plays well delineated, and the fame spirit of tbe great dramatist in this piece is BMttteffeetively and efficiently rendered by Mr. Bignold and titose who assist him. There is no doubt that" Stony V." will have along run, and those wbo desire to esrjoy an evening's genuine pleasure should not miss seeing it. The S.A.J.O. has. issued a programme fora day's races at MorpbettviOe, on.Saturday, September 20.. The programme includes five events, vis.:—Maidens, sweep of 5 sbvsl, with 60 son.adaed.onemQe; Derby, sweep of 15 sovb., with.'loo soys. added, one mile aad a half; fifring Handicap, sweep of 5 sovs^ with 100' eovs. added, one mile and a half; TTanrtinan Hurdles, sweep of 5 soys- with SO soya. added, two mQes; and Free rTsnmcap, of SO soya, one. mile. Tbe entries for the Derby, have been dosed with 13 nominations. Sfomtnations for the Handicaps are to be made by August IS; weights will be declared by August 28; and September 11 is the day of general entry. leUide ... 0030 Nbrnuoville... 0115 peBord* ... 0-020 Noariongt ... 0-020 iirier ... 0 050 | Penola... ... 0O70 nflooto ... 0100 PortW«ke5eld 0-069 BHcent ... 0-030 Willung* ... ODSO mntGambier OCSO Tarketown ... 0-150 mmcoorte ... 0020 