BRANCHES FROM THE MAIL" ROUTE THE LAND OF THE RISING SUIT. BY J. HINGSTON. By the above title its people proudly call that long shut-up Japan, which was foremost of all places in one's thoughts on a look around at the world gene- rat! j-. Of all the cities showing Eastern life it was; likely to present the greatest novelties. Opened to traffic and to travellers generally only in 1859, it had not, I thought, had time to get sufficiently out of its own fashions and to adopt many of those of its visitors. In the language that Bismarck applied to Paris when shut up by the surrounding German soldiery, Japan had been showing in its own gravy " since its beginning. What more likely place to contain something of interest to a wandering autolycus like myself? a snapper up of unconsidered trifles" met with in travel ! Its people, too, must be, I thought, a pure blooded race, and as such, and from their strange exclusiveness, have manners and customs of their own, no chance having been afforded them of copying any. Their country, as shown by the map, "The Land of the Rising Sun," as they call it-looked about the size and shape of Great Britain, and had I was told, a population similar in number. They called themselves a race of poor fishermen, who had by industry and other virtues, helped by tea drinking and temperance, risen to be a great nation. There was some chance therefore of seeing what the British would have now looked like if the ancient Britons had not been monopolised by mixture with the Romans and those others, of whom Tennyson tells us helped to make us " Saxons, Normans, and Danes are we." If the visit should prove to be a failure, and not realize expectation in its people and its fashions, as novelties, then there yet seems a certainty in finding one's account in the features of the country itself. It was a land five-sixths hills and mountains, and half of the other sixth seemed by the maps to be water. Of one piece of that water I had heard enough and to spare. It was of "The Inland Sea of Japan and its beauties that I had been told whenever I admired water views olscAvhere. When I raved about Sydney Harbour, on first seeing that entrance to Eden, as I then thought it, the captain allayed my enthusiasm, not to say wet blanketed it, by saying, " Oh ! you should see the Inland Sea of Japan " On looking at the beautiful harbour of Rio Janiero, at that of NOW. York, and afterwards at Auckland Harbour, and at the Bay of Islands further northward, the same remark came-that I should see the Inland Sea of Japan ! When looking at the finest bay, as a boy, that the world has to show at Constantinople, and at the lessor beauties of the bay of Naples, I had no one near me who could speak English enough to repeat, parrot-like, the remark I have twice quoted, but I thought of it all the same, and wondered whether the Inland Sea of Japan could equal the splendour of the scene that those two waters presented. I had been told that I should find this inland sea to be a Sydney harbour, forty-eight times the length of Port Jackson's oysters, and far surpassing the wind ing German Pehine in its shore beauties, and the islands and rocks with which its long length was studded. It would take one, I was told, to a wonderful city-a Japanese Venice, in which I should find no less than eight hundred and forty bridges and a world of other wonders, of which I did not waniJjthen to hear further. All which things duly consider bd, I resolved, when leaving America, to cross over to the Land of the Rising Sun. If what was to be seen there was not sufficiently sensational there was that neighbouring Corea at hand which would suffice for every thing Careers now as Japan once was-an unopened place and every exasperating one. All things are of that nature that excite our curiosity and defy our research. a Corea had been put down in the programme as one of the "lions of the world to be seen on the route, but my intentions, though, strictly' honourable, were like Hy to be frustrated by nervousness. The Coreans, I find, killed their visitors, and have an especial repugnance to those of British blood. Their reasons for such Centre behaviour they state in this form to the English and American applicants for admission : "If you once get a footing here, There will be no getting you out again ! If we give you permission to land, you will want to stay and if you stay, you will want to be masters, and th, AU treat us as India, Java, and Cuba have been treated " The Coreans have much sense and rear Ann in that argument. As a sensible people, I should like to visit them-if there was a chance of coming a way alive. All things considered, it may be as well to p Ostpone a visit to Corea until one comes to care more for glory than for life. It is grand, no doubt, to exp we as an explorer-to die like Captain Cook, Burke, or \ Wills, opening up near gateways of knowledge to the AV wld meanwhile, however, Japan, it is hoped, may satisfy all such aspirations. From San Francisco to the Japanese coast is at Fire Wrecks' voyage, which head winds will often prove Act for another week. The vessels that are upon this is tie of traffic are just the largest ones, barring the Great Eastern, that have been yet turned out of ship-yards \ The other steamer lying alongside the wharf, and bound for Australia, via Honolulu and Auckland, looked but a poor thing indeed beside the towering City of Tokio's vessel of five thousand registered tons ! Any doubts about which route to take were determined by comparison of the two vessels. It must be a grand land that such great vessels went to ! A poet once reasoned similarly when he wrote that " It must have been a lovely head That had such. lovely hair !" The leviathan of a ship-quite a floating township carried over twelve hundred passengers, and yet seemed to have nobody about in it. In that respect it was like St. Peter's Cathedral, at Borne, in which a captain could not find five hundred of his rank and file who were somewhere there at morning service. No less than seven hundred of our passengers were interesting Mongolians, returning from seeking their fortunes in the States. Some of them knew enough English to make me understand that they had so sought in vain. Not much of language, however, was wanted to tell that. Others were going home, and many of them, too, on a mission that needed no language to explain. They had heard that voice and seen the hand, unheard and unseen by all beside, which tells most of us when our time here us closing up. A Mongolian hopes, in Goldsmith's words : " His toils and wanderings past, Home to return, and to die there at last! " His native land is the best of lands to him; and he desires, when leaving it finally, to leave it O'Uly for the Better Land. His bones must rest there, wherever his spins it may be. All of our passengers are not, therefore, trouble some to the cook. Many of our Mongols have shipped themselves in a sickly state, and die at the rate of two or three per day. They are then carefully boxed up and pickled in some way that will preserve the in for a month or more. The hat goes round the ship for the help of those who had not left personal effects Sufficient to pay the five pounds that the carpenter arid doctor demand for the business. We got so many (Celestials in pickle before the voyage is over that we can understand quite well the spirit of Wordsworth's pea in, " We are Seven" The little Westmoreland girl had not got her dead brothers and sisters more about her as, realities than we had our dead passengers. If ghosts would only appear when expected, the City of Tokio would have been as spectre-haunted as the Flying Dutchman. It was cold wintry weather on leaving the American shore, and it would be Aviator when the Japanese coast was reached. A ship, however, can find its own weather-at least ours could do so. It kept something out of its course to obtain that result, but the mild climate so got was worth the trouble. It skins well that our vessel, named after the capital of Jfipaia, was a large one, as the waves of the Package proved themselves to be anything but small at games. In a smaller boat we should have been for two days terribly tossed about, but the huge bulk of our ship made it easier times for us. The captain appears to be rather proud of the sea he so travels, and of its troubles, for when I say, " I never saw such waves as these on the Indian Ocean or the Atlantic, she replies, "No indeed! There is not room enoaglrte'gefrup good sized waves in the Atlantic. Itffe only a mere' pond " Having no particular interest in our nnft»n_hf7nnti.. the one that was carrying me onward, the discussion, went no further in that direction just then. Deducting the dead and alive Celestials, the balance of our passengers were Japanese and samples of all nations. The (latter were not all well selected sampleS by which to judge of the bulk they represented. The saloon tables! were made up in the motley fashion of half and half, so that no one could but seldom talk with one's right or left hand companion. Some noble of high Japanese degree was placed on either side of me, but there was no chance of our exchanging ideas supposing that either of us happened to have any. Such arrangement promoted silence and not sociality, but tended to | getting the meals the sooner finished. The minist tiring towards were all pigtailed China- men in their national costume. Their movements were superintended by a negro overseer or head steward. This worthy looked upon his Chinese deputies with the mostundisguhied contempt, treating them with a lofty superiority thirst was quite sublime. He was possibly an emancipated slave of the Southern States, and dealt with others as he had himself been done by. He would not pick up a typhoon or a duster but called a " boy " to do everything of that sort. All Chinese servants, whether Jiftee n! or fifty years of age, get the name of "boy"_as 1 his native servants of India also. do. It was not easy, to get these Chinese to understand always what was wanted at the table. The plan then j times to mark the bill of fare in pencil, and let it be carried to the head cook. The right thing always came then, although all the cooks were Chinamen. A very good "cook the China- man is too, and one of the most teachable, diligent, and industrious of that useful craft. In that way he will yet be adopted all over the Western world. That "the devil sends the cooks" will then be no longer heard, or heard only in a different sense. Our Japans'Sp friends were models of students all through the voyage. No matter how the ship rolled and rocked amid tossed, with adverse winds and heat they were at, their books and studies from morn till night. Even one that was so sea-sick that he could not come to (table, laid himself on the side benches, fy'B ever studying the dictionary and writing out Its contents perpendicularly in pages ruled from top to bottom, as "if the pounds, shillings, and pence figures. It was a new lining to see a page so written, up and down, but when done it looked very picturesque indeed, It was, written with Indian ink, and some soft pointed stick! shaped like a pencil. Wo foreigners troubled the library of the ship for the, sort of books that make up such collections, but not score of us pored over Japanese grammar or dictionaries. Yet we, going to Japan, had more need to do so than the Japanese on the same journey had to study English. They were all short men these Japanese, of ungainly figures, and nothing to be proud of in the way of t legs. Their European clothes sat badly on most of them. The fashion of wearing hair all over their heads has only of late years been adopted by the Japanese, in imitation of the foreigner. It does not in all cases prove a success; the hair having been kept close shaved over the head save from the back of one ear round the back of the other, now grows very strongly and coarsely in the formerly shaved part, and seems too often to be beyond all control. It sticks up in a most unruly manner, and sets this way and that when and where it should be down all day divided. Our Chinese waters looked with sublime indifference on those apostate Japanese. No earthly power could well get a Chinaman to part with his tail and grow his hair in imitation of other folks. He would sooner part with his life. It is his pride to finish it off at the end with a silken tassel, and to have it an inch longer than his fellows. It is sacrilege for a '? barbarian " to touch it. In the rolling of the ship at one critical period, I reached out to clutch at something to save me from falling, and missing a Chinaman's shoulder, caught his pigtail. We fell together, for he bent like to a need to have his tail from a wrench. I think he fell purposely the heavier upon me in revenge. He never apologized on rain", but wound his tail round his neck and looked very angry. He must have known that self-preserva- tion caused one to catch at straws, but his feelings were hurt beyond all such considerations as that. Though there is something alike in the eyes and features of the two nations, the minds of the China and Japan are differently moulded. The Chinaman is conservative and will neither learn nor forget anything. The Japanese, now that he is allowed to visit the world and receive its calls, is putting himself to the trouble of learning its language, its ways, and the few little things that have been practised differently to those in his own country. He is not going to let his land be reduced to weakness and chaos like to China, nor delivered over to other nations like to India. While Japanese devoted his day to his books and his brush of a pen, John Chinaman ignored study altogether and gave his time to gaming, looping, and smoking. It is a matter of doubt if the first and last of these three would not have been omitted but for the ship regulations. John seemed not at all inclined to leave his bunk. Having been got out of that, to get his breakfast, he would have gone back to it had not the ship's servants closed the door upon him, and forced him to remain on deck while things were put straight. On deck he would squat down, light his pipe, and, in parties of four, begin a game of dominoes for money, that lasted while the daylight did. If he left the deck he never re- appeared that day. The sight of his bunk wooed him to horizontal efforts at thought that ended in snoring J From observations made on the spot, I Believe that a Chinaman at sea, as a passenger, can sleep right on for an indefinite period. He gives his mind to it. A A wearisome head wind, that pitched us about and delayed vs for days, came to an end at last and enabled in to to get a sight of the Japanese coast. A pleasing say, that it was, too, after four weeks of silent seas that she lived never another sail or sign of life over their wide expanse of rolling waters. Hill and dale, all fringed with green leafed trees, now met one's eyes on either side as we went up the bay of Yokohama. The white sails of numerous fishing boats soon afterwards came into view, and then the glad sight of numbers of tall i masts of ships and fat funnels of steamers. The were Jaow anchoring in the harbour and firing off our 25sec leaders to tell that a mail- ship had arrived. Hotel coats came around us, and the spirits of the, new; land thronged our docks in all those shapes in which such spirits invade vessels like to ours. We had the friend, the tout, the trader, the newspaper reporter, the postal officials, the newsboys, and the boatmen. Our voyage Tires over, and we were in Japan. In a decked boat propelled by the sculling,' with the queerest of sounds, of a man at either side, we were taken over the green waters of a splendid harbour to the stone steps of the Custom-house enclosure. Yoko hams, as seen from the bay, presented a very dearly neat, and comfortable appearance. The Customs' officials chalked hieroglyphics upon our bags and port-, manteaus and passed us on to the draymen, who loaded their heavy-wheeled and springless dray with our luggage. To my surprise, the draymen then put themselves between the shafts, and, aided by another who pushed behind, pulled along the clumsy lumbering vehicle. Surprise was scarcely ever at the absence of horses for such work than we were out of the gates of the Customs enclosure and upon the streets of the, town. Here we were surrounded by a crowd of men who pulled about large perambulators, destitute of the front wheel. These two-wheeled vehicles rest upon the shafts when not in motion. On a passenger getting into it the owner of this now " Pullman " car gets between the shafts, and draws the vehicle along at a round trot of about six miles an hour. This affair is called a jinrikishaw, which, translated, means a " man-' power carriage." There are but few horses in Japan, and bullocks for draught are unknown, as also are donkeys. The extraordinary spectacle is presented on roads and footpaths occupied by bipeds only. With the evenly-balanced "Pullman" affair the centres between the shafts runs easily along, but with the heavy and heavily-laden springless waggons his work is most severe. He grants in chorus with his yoke. fellows at this work-the grant being used like to a sailors' chorus at heaving the anchor testing the efforts of those who unite in this pulling and pushing! labour. Six years ago Japan, like India and other Eastern nations at present, used only the palanquin, there called a sermon, and had two bearers to it. A genius named Goble, who has since gone blind and un- rewarded for his pains, invented the jinrikishaw, and all was then changed. The palanquin vanished, and' all the artizan labour in Japan was for a while employed on the now vehicle. It is so exactly poised on, its axles and springs that when the occupant throw himself back ward in it he helps to propel it forward ' rM4-iaj5Lamii»y6Íartiion-^3 required fa comedians W '' "meantime thus given. The chief business of the center between the shafts is to keep them evenly possess. They fall down if the rider leans hastily forward, and fly up if 'he? too suddenly throws himself backwards. If the shafts fall, the '"'fare" drops forward on his, nose. If they fly upWards he is sent out at the back: of the vehicle and OD. the back of his head. It folio of gas that the rider . must choose his position and then site till. Yokohama has a thousand of the a 9 vehicles, and (Teddo,, twenty miles distant, has fif t; p- thousand. To describe a mean thing the Americans term it a " one horse' affair. Japan is a '. to-house land. Yet it is not, however, by any means, a ''mean a" land nor a poor one. In the length and breadth of it I but seldom saw a beggar, a little noteworthy fact to Dr to be recorded of other countries. A bright blue ¡ (1 ;y, clear air, the cleanest of evenly- paved streets and ran sideways, and the neatest of buildings, gladdened stair eyesight at (Yokohama. After the ill-paved stree JJ s and unkempt rocky roadways of most of the America an cities I had now come upon a pleasing contrast in this Japanese port. The little town, is only sixteen years old, but has a settled look of a much older date. It was-a dite given for a foreign settlement by the Japanese in 1860 nearer approach to the great city of YcddiD being sternly [refused. On this position, the English, Ger to ans, Americans, Australians, Russians, Frenchmen, and 1 all the emigrat- ing world set to work and built a goodly town. i Crowds of Japanese came from Yt id do and settled around about to live upon the fore in girls who had come there to live upon them. It was to mutual benefit for the native and foreign toa p a thus to begin and to grow together, and form the se [tellement of fifty thousand of mixed population shaft UOAV make up Yokohama. Forty-five thousand at, least of this number are the Japanese. A most pleasant impression of Jap! li i and its people who obtained by those who land on a fine i lay, as I did, in clean, comfortable-looking Yokohama.,iviih its bright bay, it grey stone buildings, Gazelle as do streets, and Jibustling population. None of the d cav backs of sea and sorts generally appear in this place. Not a dirty as loy, nor a low pot-house, nor a drum on mail, nor any West hours of pitch and tar, questionable fish and quarrel is no cabmen. The Japanese base] £ has much about him of a born gentleman. In his ] politeness he is a Fort 'Lehmann in his good humour he is a quiet Mark To 3 'ley-the most genial of mankind '! The choice of half-a-dozen welled inducted hotels, at 10s L a day for board, is offered to the visitor at Yoko- chances. The currency of Japan has 1 lately been changed to dollars and cents, after the American fashion, in place of the comings and desirous of oblong shape that were!, formerly the current coinage. The " greenback " has also been introduced. Dollar, half-dollar, and square the dollar notes are now currents, and called "yes." They are preferred by those who object to the weight of silver and copper. The Japanese discounts all foreign a coins but one, and that, of all others, is the Itfexic mi dollar. This favoured coin he will take at full value, while he deducts twenty per cent, on the much more respectable coin of the great American republic and the greater British monarchy. Win' dirty little Mexico should be so favoured could not find out, but the rejection of all other coins in its favour causes infinite annoyance and loss to the travelled. To lose four shillings in the pound on ex- change is not conducive to the most Christian feelings. 'It drives many to open profanity. A shipmate of 'mine stood at the door of the money-changers office, with his bag of American dollars unchanged, and indulged, in my hearing, in language that the polite Japanese within could not understand or reply to. I do not think that the Japanese can Wear. In place of St. George and the dragon on this coin ho engravers always the rising sun. Branches of British banks exist here that issue notes of their own. Tradesmen will not take those but at a discount if Japanese money is demanded for change, nor were these banks change their OAVTI' notes for " yen," or Mexican dollars, except on similar terms of an allowance of so much in the pound. After the traveller has been some time in Japan, say a month or so, he feels less sore upon these monetary matters, but they pinch him sonieAvhat at first. Best part of two days can be taken up in finding out settlers here in Yokohama, that one had met with elsewhere, Brown, Jones, and Robinson, that we know in Australia, one as member of Parliament, and the others as merchants, are long settled here, and appear content in their UOAV land. The M.P. that was has grown a little stouter, and shows greyish hair, but he is owner of a AVOU paying newspaper, and looks as happy and jolly as a Japanese of other than that comparison cannot go. All were very glad to hear of their old friends, and retained the most pleasant recollections of their former stamping ground," as the American Indians phrase it. They had not all made many millions, but the infection of the country had grown upon them. They were happy and content. One and all offered ino "tea." An Australian who keeps hot tea on hand for his friends may be thought of as somewhat changed in his habits. It was not always thus with Brown and Jones! Robinson did not keep the teapot in his office when we know him elsewhere. He then drank, and gave drinks, from bottles. Japanese tea is very like to the weakest of green tea, is to warm water mixed with, a thin fog. A fancy for this stuff, drunk, as it is, AA without milk or sugar, must ; he an acquired taste altogether. The latter beer with which the World drugs itself is bad physic enough a, but this lukewarm tea is but insipidity intensified. It is a cheap stuff however to give to friends and visited 23 and is kept warm on a few sticks of charcoal should dor 'jug in the centre of a copper pan of ashes enclosed in a wooden frame, the size of a bonnet box of square s" shape. This abominable thing stands about cveryAvhow s, and as the Japanese cooking-stove and grate, and a general fireplace. As they do not give their Avindov rs, but merely cover the frames with tough paper, the fumes "yd this charcoal find an easy escape. The queer looking charcoal fire-box would otherWise, by its fu ones, do milich mischief. A stranger in Japan is eagerly watched by the cent ours, who dog his footsteps with their pet Pambula- tors, until they have ascertained his riding and, walking propensities. After that is known things are better regulated. These vehicles stand at nearly every corner, 'the fare for rides about the town is ten cents |(fivepei'ce), and the streets are kept smooth and level. Three streets of nearly a mile in length each, and running parallel with the bay frontage, in like up the >" foreign. " trading quarter of the port of Yokohama. A. neat town-hall and two post-offices are to be found (there; The two post-offices are rather confusing to the strangers. At one of them Japanese postage stamps only are used, and what is posted there goes forth to the world, outside Japan, by way of America only. At the other building English stamps must be used, and all letters and papers for the southern hemisphere and Europe generally are sent thence by the English mail ships, via the Chinese ports. This state of things is not sufficiently explained to travellers, who have to learn it at the cost of double postage and other trouble, in the rear of the three streets of the foreign trade come the crowded quarters of the native town, where the Japanese opens his bazaar and sits on his mate waiting customers. He has a world and all of novelties to sell, and one can spend days sitting on his low shop front examining his goods. He is no mean printer-his book and print shops abound. His novels and tales are mostly illustrated, are printed on thin paper, have paper covers, and soil for five cents, or twopence half-penny each. His maps are wonders of cheapness, and well drawn, but are good to the foreigner only as curios, from his ignorance of the Japan- ese printed language. In bronze and metal work the Japanese stands very high, and so he does in his carved ivory and woods, in his inlaid work, his pottery and porcelain, and his wondrous lacqvterwaro. His paintings on silk are pretty novelties, and his doings with silk generally are altogether great specialities. With paper the Japanese does 'wonders. It stands him in stead for window glass to begin with. His handkerchiefs are made of it; so are the string and twine, and his flower work, and a hundred other novelties. Japanese sold me a nice looking waterproof overcoat, made of paper, for eighteenpence. The fit is not good, -as the book' is adapted for covering up a baby or other additional burdens that-might he carried there. It will not easily team and looks a miracle of cleverness and cheapness. These coats are sold in black and white collars like to English-made waterproofs'.' It is difficult to believe that the black ones are. made of bap'er'only-so AT eli are they finished. They are all Vteraifötlltö year thjoKBtfir music. There will see likely (I think) to last me a much longer time. The Japanese are a small race, both as to men and women. They keep a cool head in one sense by carrying it always uncovered. Vanity may be a cause for that, as the effect of such fashion is to show the most elaborately dressed hair I over saw out of a picture of George the Second's time. The art of the hairdresser takes in Japan the place that the tatooed holds among the New Zealanders. The head of the man is shaven into sections and laid out like a flower bed. A short queue of back hair is not twisted, pomatumed, and then tied up and laid forward on the centre of the partly shaven crown, whence it projects at one like a small revolver. The feminine Japanese, thank goodness, wears no flashness or face covering, as do too many women of the Eastern world. Her full-moon face is large enough for one twice her height. Figure she has none other than what would be represented by a holster tied around its middle by a sash. Her chubby face is too often painted and her hair is always a wonder of work. The expression of " doing my hair *' must mean a lengthy job for the Japanese, and one not to be done every day. To avoid that trouble neck is rested by night on a wooden arrangement, made like a stereoscope case or to a tailor's goose, with the handle well covered. Custom of course supplies second nature, but it would give an Englishman a stiff neck or an apoplectic fit to use such a substitute for a pillow. Like to all Japanese towns, Yokohama has many streams running through it, and bridges abound. I cross an estuary to go up "The Shift'," where I find the private residences of the foreign traders. These are wood-built houses, of the villa character, fenced round with neatly cut bamboos. It is well-built, and took a long horn- to walk through it. A fine view over the town and the bay is obtained from this point. The absence of chimneys from the house tops gives to the roof of the town houses a curiously flat look. In these private villa residences, however, the grate and the chimney of Western world fashion have not been forgotten. The ever-present jinrikishaw abounds almost as much in the outskirts as it does in the town. No road is without many of them. If over tramroads are introduced in Japan, and the Pullman vehicle superseded, there will be a large unemployed population for come time to come. Though it is against natural feelings to see a man doing the work of a beast, yet the Japanese does it so well and so easily, seems so happy over it, takes his pay with such bows and thanks, and is so different from the London cabman, that one does not like to think of depriving him of what he seems so to delight in The day has been a long one, but it is ended at last, and I get to hotel, quarters for the night of my first day in Japan. 