Amusements. John ana Lizzie 6tofcl, «s represented to XT, William son and MUs Magcie Jttoore, are still tiie ™P»»j favourites at the Theatre EotoI, and are drawing crowded houses every night. The 'Chinese Question makes a good afterpiece. ' „. . U At the Victoria Theatre, last evenimt. *? Ten Nights In a Barroom,' and 'BInck-eycd Busan,' were repeated to a thin house. Theatre-goers must surely have had enough of thiechvsBof drama. Itis poorly acted, and mach more slovenly mounted. These pieces ore to (bft r?PeSte-1 *°' 'Lisa Eccles' was played last night at the Queen's Theatre, and will he repeated to-night. The accident to Mr. Baker's Bnser stUl prevents his taking port, therefore the cast is slightly changed, hut nevertheless creditaoly performed. ? „ .., At the School of Arts to-night Professor Pepper will taVe his first benefit, and to make the programme as at tractive as possible some of his most wonderful experi mental novelties will be introduced. The lecturf/jn 'Fire Handling,' illustrated by the professors P««-«K his hand into a tasin of molten lead, must nfe a very hazardous feat. Then the portrait of Graham Berry will be down on the. curtain by the mysterious ?'portrait limner.' and Professor Pepper will bum one of Mr. Hoi lingdale'e diamonds. The sketch 'No. 27.' or, 'The Missing Ghosts' will conolnde a capital jrogramnje. « should be mentioned that a few pictures of charming Bta tuary will also be exhibited. _ The CABMromi Comceets at the Pbotestaht Hall.— These excellent entertainments are drawing fair houses. A well.selected programme is usued for this evening, the first part of which contains the favourite airs and co»certea pieces from several oratorios, also some operatic gems. There is not a hall in the city possessed of such .splendid acoustic properties, and we can' confidently advise all lovers of music to pay them a visit. Burton's Circus was well filled last night, when some skilful performances were gone through by the various members of the company. To-night, Mr. Johnny Cowan, who always delight! his audiences vrith his smart witti cisms as clown, receives a benefit, and a very amusing and auitabla programme has been arranged. . . The fancy bazaar in the Temperance Hall.JPitt-street, is daily attracting a Urge number of visitors, tmi the stall holders ore doing a good trade. To-nigbt a capital en tertainment is provided, and the following names will be a snfficient guarantee of its excellence :— Misses Bessio Har- rison, Fitz-Stubbs, and Norton, Mrs. Baaks, and tho con ductor, Mr. Frank Brewer. Meisrs. Nicholson and AEchcrberg have kindly supplied a graud piano, 'bearing the well-known trade mark of Emil Ascherberg. 