NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Union Foundry picnic at the Botanical Gardens; meeting of Bungaree racecourse trustees, Hager’s hotel, 2 p.m.; payment of prizes won at Catholic demonstration, Brophy's hotel, noon; yacht race, third event for Byte’s Plate,'. Lake Wen douree, 3.30 p.m.; cricket match, first eleven V' next eighteen of 8.C.C., Eastern Oval. . ‘ ■ 'Black Thursday well kept up its evil reputation' Ihanother part of the paper will he found'full :: parti* oulara of a dreadful bush fire hear Colao oh Thursday) by which five lives have been lost, and: two ,other persons so injured as to render their recovery almost hopeless.. Hush fires were raging at Ballan, Mary borough, Flinders, Sale, in the Ballarafdistriot, and many other parts of the colony, on Thursday. ; ■ . . Mr Pryor exhibited at the Corner - on Friday his safety-cage, which he has made to Mr P. Davies’ order for the Lachlan goldfield, N.S. Wales. The general opinion of experienced practical _ men - who examined the cage appeared to be emphatically in favor of Mr Pryor’s invention, aih} several pronounced it to be the best they had'seen. ft cop|bjn e3 the quadruple eatch or clip to arrest the descent of the cage, ia roofed with Iron laprppanini^E^Ward» fitted with an escapement hereby whiih(the cage can instantly bo throWn/sot oEflie saepdndmi'gearrfhna'tSMt upon the pEythiotineahe thommer if Mi apprehends Any jdangerlfrom-foul alt or Anything ejsAjbeloW, can stop | the d«M&t; ofithß.cage, l «Sij*t sheltered jby theilon roof frotii the gatheringTopa above pend ing ver-lp winding gear. congratulate Mr Prybrupotftis ingenuity and his strongly-made cage,, .and may state that the inventor is next kin to a_ Ballarat native, for ha came here a • mere'b’oy.'” Many boya'wHo have ooina'hete Kalle'nOt made so’gobd'auso of their timei - - ? For the last two nights a mantle o! smoke c6verecT~tHe''town,' thebush*llrea'in the'immediale vicinity making the'Air thick with their filmy emana tions! 'An instance of what is going on around us .' daily was’given iif a lettdr fromTthe'Mayor'of-Ballarat East Vo the- Town.-,Council on- Friday,- in which, ha’ apologiaedfor bis .-absence, Ashe was'kept'at home on ’ | his farm in hourly fear ef ;the fire'des6ending Upon.it, . .The Town/Council spent a good - deal) of- tinia On Friday evening in discussing a letter'tWitt; the/ postal-- authorities,’ -stating .that .it, Was .'hot considered de sirable to establish a telegrapb-offioa.ih Ballarat- East, ‘ as the amount of business - was • not likely .to' be re ' muherative; and as the- room". in'the' Public'- Lißrary . proposed- to. be utilised, for thb office -was reported‘ by the inspector; not to be convenient,lat.the same time - -pointing-out that'the library Was',only, a few minutes’ . walk ~.from . the, Post-office' /now.’ -The'previous. promises made by Ministers to aupiply, the; town with telegraphic and postal communication were brought up, and Mr .James, M.LJL, in addressing .the .council bn the subject, aaid thatha -had both 1 written to and interviewed Mr Patterson in the matter, and asked him !to supply Ballarat Bast, With a- - post, r telegraph, and' money-order office, :an!: application which the Postmaster-General,' Seem’ed to’ entertain Wy favorably . 'Cr , Scott accused the ihapectorwho had reported oh: the question', to the department of \- misrepresenting - things, and. it was - ultimately decided ;,tb bring thecase 'again before .’the, notice'! of 'the;' Post-’ mastar-Qeneral/and & Ask the members bf Vh'e district to assist -as much -as they-could;-in ’ achieving' the establishment of a post/telegraph/; ! and money-order office in Ballarat East. 1 ’ , , The removal of Constable Doyle from the charge of Wendouree police station to Redan affords us an opportunity of expressing (as desired) on the part of the residents of Wendouree their regret at losing an officer who, for two years, has had charge of the dis- trict, and who, on all occasions, has given the greatest amount of satisfaction. Mr. Doyle proved himself just the man required for the district; he did/his duty fearlessly, and was always to the front when his services were likely to be of use either in an official or unofficial capacity. The regulations in force in the police service prevent constables becoming the reci- pients of testimonials, so the Wendouree people are debarred from putting into practice a little design they had in view with reference to Doyle, but we have been waited upon, and asked to state that general regret is felt at Mr Doyle’s removal, and that hopes are expressed that the change may be for his benefit. tc .A-little boymamedPaine, aged-five years,a nephew oEMr Lobb, of Talbot, was found drowned in a hole hear the Agricultural .Ground,'.Talbot, on Tuesday," '4th in’st."■ ‘-- , ; - ''"The'sauitary condition and demoralising. Influences: of- the Chinese Camp - were again discussed' by the' l -Town Council on Friday night, and the. question,;was 'again postponed for'a fortnight/to allow'tha'local health officer an opportunity of reporting upon the condition-ofr'tHe'ca’mp. ' " * The: upa; and. downs of-Victorian-life afford matter for . careful reflection,, illustrative of the aphorism respecting riches taking, wings and flying" away' (writes our correspondent). A case in point. Some , twenty-three years' ago there resided a well-to-do man ! !m the', Smytheadale. district; he, kept a. general store, and bought up all the gold in 'the district; that had \- been'brought to him;'-'He Subsequently had abrewery, ,ah hotel, .a- bakery, and bther .businesses/ butsolhe bow he did hot thrive. It was not his fault; ho was 'sober, .-steady, -and had the! name of;being prudent. .Finally," s he' domiciled; his family in 'a ‘'house,' the remnant of his. property, in. Smythosdalo,!and pro-' iceeded to East Charlton on business, and on-Thursday •evening Came the final coup, which is sufficient to 'damp his spirits and plunge him into despair. ' ;Hie house -took fire, and it and its contents . were - totally • destroyed;; his wife and -family only- escaping .with!: their Jives! - The .unfortunate victim of adverse'birt, oumatancea. is C. T. known in Smytheadale and Ballarat fora,quarterof; a. century. !. V - ; - 1:.- , . The'solemnity Of-the proceedings at the City Court ron Friday were rudely'disturbed by an old lady, who waa 'fined for -allowing her goats to -wander ou fha public* thoroughfares,befog seized with a fit of violent!, hysteria, -She was very, excited during the hearing of-; the case,,and .at its conclusion in.a very, demonstrative manner accused Weatwood,tho ranger, of telling lies. .Haying, paid her fine, sheretired to a seat and,,, wept; for the space of a few moments, and!then suddenly rushed out of court,~and in the lobby was convulsed with, sobs.'/ Somejfrienda l took .care ,pf Jthe 'patient, and she was soon restored to her naual ..equanimity. - \- ■ -The monthly meeting of the- Town. Mission .Com mittee was held oh Friday evening. - Present—Mr D. Ham (chairman), ah'd MeaarsW.Little, J. S.'KellyJ Dr- Cooke, J. Whitehead/ M.* Hoaking, and J. Summer aoales; , Themisaionary reported. that 131 [visits had > been - made in: domestic visitation since , last/meeting. Ttie sum of £l2 3s: 6d bad been-disbursed amongst 84l cases of sickness and distress.- 'Several applications were''received-'from churches'requesting’ the mis,, sionary’a. seryioiss.' for anniversary ..occasions,-;all; of which ..it. was ..'found .hecesaary ,!to decline! ‘ " The treasurer reported, that although" the sum of £5O had. ’been - recently contributed!by -members;,of ■ the,.com -mittee to assist the 'missiohj the siistentatioh" fund was completely exhausted,'and/no funda: werejn hand tor.pay the • missionary’s salary.!;lf ,waa!resolved to hold a special meeting of the finance committee to take 1 immediate: steps; for ; collecting. men ey. The meeting closed'with the usual benediction.-; • ' ■ Oh-Thursday morning the wife of ,Mr Wiison.C manager of the Great Estate Company ' (M’Naught and . Boyd),'-succumbed- to the . painful , disease of cancer in the breast. The' remains will be interred in; the Smytbesdale cemetery this' day. ' Ah 1 old woman-named' Hannah ‘ Mason, wHo /was, picked .up in, a vary , bad condition on, the steps of'- , the City .Police Court a r few ! day3ago, and remanded for a' .week ,oh a ’charge of "vagrancy, died' in- the gaol .hospitalon.Thuraday. '. An inqueat was ..held -.on the body on Friday by Mr Thomson, P.M., when ib was , found'that'tKe" woman had'died from• a complication' of diseases,- for the treatment of ’which she- had pre viously been in the Hospital. Milton’a “ Comus" and ‘Macaulay’s “ Esaay on Mil,!. Ion” Have been published' by Mr Mullen/- Melbourne,'- for the'use of the mAtriculatioh:ezami : nAtions of 1879-80.- . ' "l -“ Diseases which.should be, prevented” ia tha' title of a lecture by Dr Jamieson, delivered in Melbourne, ; ahd' publiahed ia : pamphlet form by: Stillwell'and Cos., of .'The lecture’ia 'well worth a careful, perusal.' ' ' 4 "-■ ■ r .J'.'.i- ' r - ' The St. Paul’s. (Chines) School picnic took place at AVendouree oh Friday.' There'were between .300 and 400 holiday-makers present, and .a very ehjoyable day waa-spent-considering! the weather, which; was .very, oppressive." The' picnic/folk made the’most of 'their' time, .and''spentthe' day in looking, through the gardens, feasting on the various good" things provided, and-in steaming'and sailing over the lake.. The visitors' Were; very much -impressed with the advantages which Ballarat affords to holiday.Jolk from less-/favored .por tions of the country.; The /lake' was a: novelty .’to the young people, 1 the steamera npoh it were wpndars to - . them, and .altogether /the excursiohiats seemed to enjoy themselves,- .despite, the very / unfavorable weather. ■ .... .. • •' ■:.-. ! . : Oa Thursday evening the/monthly I ,meeting iot: the Smythesdale Fire: Brigade waa held an the engine house; C.aptam Shepheard in the chair. - ' Tha minutes , of the .last,’meeting , were read and'ocnfirmed:;' Corres pondence was-read-from the Beechworth brigade, ask ing for the appqintment of a delegate to make arrangements,-fqr/.'the 5 annual demonstration.—No action. From J. Lynch,;jun., resigning his office as' ! hon.- secretary to the brigade! owing, to his temporary. romovalfipmSmytheadale. Tha resignation of the secre tary was received'with regret, and Mr Lynch was ap pointed an-hon. ! member of! the brigade. "■ From.- Ed," Hore.' and others, thanking the brigade and othera for their successful efforts in'saving the houaes on the west side of the creek'from destruction by bush fires, 1 and enclosing donation.—Beceived with thanks. Mr E/ Knights, j un!, was' appointed hon. secretary to: the’brigade, and a discussion ensued relative to a con cert and ball, which- the majority, of the members .I vetoed, as it would be unprofitable/and the weather was unpropitioua.. Mr Bang drew attention to: the state of. the apparatua and engine and hose/whioh re-, .quired' repairs, and it was'resolved to have i the neces- J eary work'and., repairs'effected; next" day, Friday. " Messrs W. Cauaon, J. Jordan,H. Williamson, and J; • -. Hahser were nominated members of the brigade, and the business terminated. . , ; .Our correspondent writes“ To the losaea/of the 1 bad crops in tho Qpulburn and other dis tricts, and who are seeking a 'remittance of twelve' 'months’ rent from: the Government,: must- :be added the still more disastrous losses of selectors ■in other localities by the'ravages of bush 1 fires, where fencing, grass/and! everything has been destroyed./"-Take, one locality.! The.,bush fire that,'broke, but on: the /com-/ mqn near Cape Clear, and which was supposed to be', -occasioned by a awagaman, burnt all of the'country As far as the'Consols: claim, the plant of-which .was only saved by considerable.efforta..on the part,,of a large 1 number of peraone.' -The--fire next swept across* Mira Bourke’a land, and deatrdyed'lOO acres of grass’ and all her fencing. It next destroyed Eoljert Taylor’s fancea and grass, and it was efforts that the dwelling-housa w« &m; and fencing were next deK* *fi Vaughan’s. The fire next croa®’ Wi the grass m another paddock o£ Mr P next far as dallab Creek, where water from the 21 fte % hna in front of the fire, saturating the wi'*"®!? and finally stopped its progress. Five w 1 ftt ei at one time were on fire, and one TWpJ through when the fird was eitinguUhd ■terjrrafassy daUy way, has also beeS fi? s 5 moke and stifling heat are Bufficie^'^s, ~We hava'received from Messrs Bardweli , champ a very good photographic renroiWt; k plaas_ ofoPryor s patent cage, whioh “ Sandhurst. ,7 The picnic and concert in aid oE the.), • on the tfairlie Estate-, Grenville, kat k 8(1 .great a eliof'eas; it was decided that it place annually,. a meeting of the .Wednesday last, it was resolved that Dm » &C.;, be held on Friday, 7th March. D6, lfo> ' The' Hibernian Society’s' No. 2 bran<-1. vi. fortnightly meeting, at: thb hall, Sawgl , fhilrfidCJr evening, 6th insfc.; the president n' tt|! < Kmane, in the chair. The attendance of me' t’ ;meagre, owing to the Catholic demonstra, Junction, Bungaree; yet the contributions ta/ 61 for warded;.by the brethren were evidence' *rS did not forget, to make provision for another* fortnightly sick allowance (£7 3s 4d) wasnert for payment, .and- the. following new metric l ' announced, viz.:'—Jas.,Meagher, Michl. Morn, I s ’ J. Courtney. Correspondence included a larire of lettersbearing on branch business—one frpmßrJEd. Golden, declining sick aUowwiHN fully entitled,to it. Br. Golden was highly com ■' for his magnanimity and generosity. The oE members expressed much sympathy with inj her recent bereavement, and the bretlm; complimented' on their attendance at the hn .their:late brother. .The remainder of the 1-? .Was, of, an ordinary kind, and after the contribS were read the meeting closed with a vote of tbanW the chair* The annual meeting of subscribers to the ScanV Public Library'was held in'the neaday evening, the sth duet. In the absent J'? president (Mr W. Young), Mr Alexander Ymb!!! voted to the chair, . The annual balance-aheet 2 receipts amounting to £B9 17s 3d; the expe 0 &: same, less balance in hand amounting to £9 l&n; 1 report of' the cbmpaittee stated that the Libnn J fairly, attended by. the public, and during the n" thirty r two volumes of. new books had beau atoi the stock;'and during the same time 220 Mlmaabi been taken out by the subscribers. The table tad u constantly supplied, with the morning Ballarat tm7 and the. Grenville Advocate . newspaper, whiclnS supplied-ffee by the proprietors, for which the & mittee return thanks. . The table was alsomp* regularly with- the'iU'ustrated papers, iuolsdif/t? London Graphic and Melbourne Punch. Theneefoi decided that a musical entertainment be held ieth Town-hall bh Friday:evening, the 28th inot, in aii* the . book fund. The’ election of officers tesulidi, Mr Chadwick'being elected president; Mr Daley ft, president; Mr A. Young, treasurer; Mr Edgar & retary; and Messrs W., Young, Crook, Cutter, Prs'cta Harkness, - Streeter, Bird, and Cox membera el a mittee. A hearty vote of thanks to the chair broefi the meeting to a close".. . , .. : . Mr J. T. T. Smith has decided not to seek to eala political life. at . present. ; Ministers will hare to hi for another candidate for West Bourke. A,.lad, named. Pitcher, .living near Beaufort, ta admitted into the Hospital oh Friday, auffering ira a gash. pa.hia.abin, which he accidentally received a the previous day-while cutting wood, , . A. small workshop, belonging to Mr Sandberg, i shoemaker, . near the Chinese Camp, Creawick;'m destroyed' by fire at' an early hour on Thnndij morning. i,: The foliomng tenders were accepted by the Moj Department on Friday :—For the erection of apt isenger station at; Hamilton, S. T. Douglas, £32iil,i 6d; for the supply , of .80,C00'7-inch and 20,000 '6-bi blackwood keys,. J. Sharp and Sons, £450. Tenia .were also opened by, the Railway Department forth supply of firewood.at the following places:-15S ‘ton’s at Ballarat; .500 tons at Geelong, 200 torrid Ajaratj 100 tbhs afc 'Macedon, 100 tons at Handily 100 tons' iat Portland, 3000 tons'at Melbourne 101 tons at Woodend, 1000.. tons, at Sandhurst, 700 bn at Williaihstown;. but in. consequence of no decaia being arrivad-' at 'as to the stations along the lioaii .which the’ firewood will- have to be deposited- ia different quantities, none of the successful teofa were announced. 7 /-.The ‘TdtgrapX plates that on Thursday ..oveiungi .most determined .attempt, at suicide was made tji coachpainter named- George' Hall, aged [ortj-eirh years; The'unhappy mah; who .resides in Pochni building, Victoria, street, Hotham, has been in a sfat: of, despondency'for the last few weeks, on account and j thesfockqess of work. : Yesterday afternoon. Bali pi. chided‘sixpence worth oiflaudanum from' Mr HoA .man,chemist,''and. returning, home, he poured tir opiate into a tumbler of water, which he directedcu "of liia ofiildren to give him, and drinking the dnngif he handed the empty phial to his wile, remarking tic he had killed,.himself. Mrs. HaU at once conveyed : her, husband to the 1 Melbourne Hospital, where b was treated by Dr Rennie. At a late hoar HaUa.es dition, though : precarious, was considered to be ni altogether hopeless. -- : A somewhat singular accident occurred, on Mr;! morning. The up-train from Wodonga, sip, arrives in Melbourne about 9 o'clock, as it was parit; | Esaendon, frightened a horse which was attachedbi buggy, and tied up near the railway gates. The sera animal, instead of turning from the supposed danga, broke his fastening, and dashed directly towards U object"which' he feared," and smashing the p-P struck the engine plump on the right hand side. «• train, was .proceeding at ,a good rata of speed, Mote hbfse Was, of course, tilled instantly, and thenfS knocked So severe was the A that, the engine came into Melbourne (aaya thairW with blood and-hair still-sticking to it. Another, railway accident. A collision i occ “ rr^_ c ! iTnuraday,:aboat :hal£-past s.o’clock, at. the Hp'”' 'station;' ; between the'goods train whtch *®- * bourne at 10.40 a.m. and the goods train wpret • Sandhurst .at ,4.20. . ; The damge it is understoja»» not great, but the accident caused great delay, | both lines! were.biocked. , The. Chevalier Signor 'Luigi Marinucci, Ooj- Qeneral for Italy. died on Thursday at hts teanac EastMelbonrne, of hemorrhage of the bowels. the-Arptw that Sir Charles addressed a numerously-attended meeting ot . srituents at Portland 'bn Thursday night. at considerable length on the question of »«* . ■ constitution; characterising the measure prop»« the Legislative Council 'as a truly liberal o , .representative of the' viewa of the vast tnaj , I the people. A fresK warrant has been issued for James Page, the late secretary of the bourn bourne' Building: Society, who ia charged ~ zling the funds of that society to the exten , and -Detective Hayea has been sent wita it l „ c where the accuaed has been carrying on busi auctioneer. 5 "'.'77 ’ , _ j ’ 1- on ThursW. & proceeded with the -hearing of the »PP e Samuel'Wilson agiihst the classification_ot W j Bute Estate. For the appellant Mr Mr Qraves, '.pastoral tenants of tee Uo , Raifd,"the former owner of Mount Bate.ga "to the effect that the'land was.not capabla ot cw one sheep to the' acre. Mr Lindsay, the > was recalled, and cross-examined, an closed. Judgment was reserved, and tne adjourned., ■ will' hi* * 'Mr Hickman’s picnic to his employed . « place to-day, and ' promises to be a ffli . affair. Everything has been done ter fl outing a success. 1 The following lB ***?.£ *!» Fqur- oared Race between crews of p tafl 3,ff 3 ments:-rTFitterB--JohnHewett(Bt.), W •_ y^j- Goburn, Thus. Bailey, J. Opre (cos-)- "J. Miller (st.), J. Mobherly, R Waksr, Hugh': Sira (cox.). Blacksmitbs-D. 1 (st.), D. Cooper,, J. Northey, F. Carr, (cox.). - Moulding Shop—J. ® r ®B or f.„ jl, s ,). & Wm. Sutherland, Jas. Carr; Bobt. A g jfcf race is looked upon as the event ot of the men having already made a , circles., A similar race has been ar fr.i crews, of ; juhiofs in the Fitting an .. h there ■ Department; .also a tub race, for , cro qs4 •numerous 'entries. There'will be otb!®* quoits, races, and dancing oa thegr jed^ of ,an excellent band. The dinner a _ P- 5 p:m., will be'Catered for by Mr -'the dancing, Messrs Evans and Hewe . ■/.' A huahi fire broke out J? Crombie’a paddocks,. Hafdie s Hill, a fl'. there was . very little hope .oi B ;mng J eTerJ (W% ‘soon spread'far and, wide, and_ co B ortT before it, as the wind was blowing from fi([j # regular 1 hurricane’ the whole day- ( [, e fire, ■and hoys turned out, to .do battle onlyior them .working wlt^ i®. nver y determination the tale must h ave , abated, A,, to tell.;; ..Tbwards 6 o’clock the was soon visible, to those who ha do';*, they were bound to master thee out leaving its brand behind it. flSfe nt tbf*\\. started in Mr Crqmbio a paddock e n . of I his; fencing,rsoma two or t JerB that Bisbahy’a paddock. There was g the not been towelled for tbo two ye * __ —- : “TTlTthe -paddock and . all thcj n made short , fug properties of Messrs: ■ boob it spread to tha prop y O’Neil, ,o ?VnagaP. rnmmda, about two miles • r t he weak side ot layw dam , takmg away the, fenide’s paddock:ats nearly burning them, prater part of g a , 80 Mr Billney. M’Kumon “„lof house and n°® > Buffered. If ““d other farmers mJ* ««„ Bay ; ng what may be there is n° tr f l firea as the country is in such a theendo£ theS m5 e common is very heavily tim- up state. The , j t ba trees seemed to Sand dead for years.; bam as freely “ (m3 our correspondent) ought to Tta Governmeat meanB a gainiJt the constant,, sd° pt 3 °“ e a of tof MPeoiaHy ddring four months m; (he year. - ,_«The schedule df Mr; Friday's EerM I jj ilide f 3 street #est, fell-; tffllUmßrown, of L « insolvencydourt t’o-day. The; at £127.489 Os. lid .and the, liabilities hfe fi et dow a deficiency of: Lssets at «lgB signed for he in-. 195.120 n the purchase and sale of wool. M i,ency are lessee ou «; are—George Marfan The largest uoseour £ New South Wales/ £12,297 Os id. K Goldsbrough and Cos., £2588 Go., £1934 12s 9d; D. JLi 3i 8d; J- S- 01 „f Sa ,tings Cumngham and C 0.,! Parker, The debts due to secured creditors £loo° In landCo., £11,661 9s lOd; J. H., are—K. 0°] and “ bro S 6 iq 3 2d; H. Cnnmgham and; Clough and w. »e Co b en fc the assignee in Cos., £l7/d Si le- ' • the estate.’ Bummer meeting of; the The meiei® H p, b werß either paid or remitted on; Geelong „ “ aer3 an d trainers of. the winning Thursday h) ‘ eßt #itmer (says .the OaUng Advcr honss. The s wbo rece ives £570 for Lord; lief) “ f,u a victory in the Gold Cup and Handicap, Sa „y- a double & yalued at 100 guineas. Kellis second on the list with ,£529. the, Mr J. «• wwe . His Grace in the Sires’-Produce amount wen y Dw^tt ba3 the honor of being: States; and » * £2o3i won by Neriaaa in the third on the .to The following is a list of the T wiS, amounts due 8 to them.-Mr other winner, Ho ae , g doubla win m the F. Leog, £l 7h' g r t Mr B. Wilson, £145, .with in the Barwon Stakes and second in the Mr S Ferry, £l4O, with Sarchedon first Mi E. A. Johnson-Boe, £l4O, >a ? l ,|A (£130) first in the Hurdle Race, and “the Handicap; Mr J. Crazier, X mb -th Nina (£121) first in the Stewards’ Purse, the Grand Stand Stakes; Mr A. K. Hnto£96.with Tocal (£93) first m the Connewarre n!iV.ng second in the Stewards Purse; Mr S. St £6O, with Blazes first in the Selling Stokes; Urff Power £5O, with Petreasecond in the. Sires, tokoe States; Mr J. Paterson, £5O. with Warlock in the Mares’ Produce Stakes; Mr C. James, «0 with Tom Kirk second in the Gold Cup; Mr A. rh.rn.fdfl with 2imbeai second m the Handicap; MmsiTt' and A Chirnside, £l5, with Queen Bee tecond in the Barwon Stakes; Mr A Saqui, £lO, with Site third in the Gold Cup; Mr F. Donnelly, £5, irith Dntchman second in the Hurdle Race; Mr J. Tomtms, £5, with Red Iron second in the Steeple clue. Writing of the bush fires at Dean on Thursday, Friday’s Graicick Advertiser reports:—“ The fire--had worked its way from the bush into the land of Mr Wearne known as the Cornishtnan’s paddock, where it consumed all the grass and destroyed the whole of lie buildings, house, barn, stable, and the fences. It alio reacted a grass paddock belonging to Mr W. Warner as well as into the road between Mr Wearne’s land and the cultivated paddocks, and here it was (ought by the owners of the farms adjoining—Messrs Warner, Smith, Simmons, Humane, Fleming, Inglis, end others, with their men, whose united efforts managed to keep it within limits. Mr Warner and men had to shift a portion of a heavy log fence to deck its career. Mr Simmons and his men were. busy yesterday drawing with a. sleigh to assist in the work of extinction. Nearly the whole of the farmers have lost some fencing, the latter losing several acres of graa also, The small holders living at the Bad Creek had a narrow escape from being burnt completely ont, and several of them have lost consi derably. T. Heskin had the fire through his land, but by the assistance of Wm. Winch and~E. Mitchell, wbo took their stand upon the roof of the dwelling and poured water upon it, it wes saved. Everything'- was removed out of it, and placed in the garden, but here it was not safe, for a spark ignited the bedding; homer, it was seen before much damage was done. Tbs bam, which was full of straw, was entirely con-, eumed. E. Mitchell lost a quantity of splitting tools, which were burnt, as was also a quantity of firewood and splitting tools belonging to another splitter' called Frank, an Italian. It was also rumored last, evening that Mr J. Rickey’s place was burnt down. The residents in the locality are in a state of dread and excitement, not knowing at what hour the fire, nuyovertake them.” “Up to within a very short time ago,” says the. London Examiner, 11 there might have been seen walk-, ing, some sunny afternoon, in the broard circular 1 drive'surrounding Regent’s Park, an elderly gentle-' nun and lady, neither of whom would attract vulgar notice, but either of whom, closely scrutinised, re vealed a strikingly intellectual countenance. The gentleman, with a certain eccentricity, but without a spice of vanity, wore his hair rather long, and alto gether presented the appearance generally described as literary ;* but his eyes were quick and keen, bis step strive, his whole look alert and characteristic. Thelidy was leas noticeable, yet no one could observe the finely lined face, with its strong resemblance to' wat of Father Newman, without seeing that it belonged to no ordinary woman. For many years tneietwo figures haunted the park, near which they bad a pleasant residence. Latterly, both stooped with jean, and with the weight of weary thought. The gentleman was Mr George Henry Lewes, the bio gnptoof Goethe, and eminent philosopher; the lady was fas wife and the companion of all his noblest Mnown to all English-speaking readers of fiction n ,, to , o , r 6 e ® lot - When, last Sunday corning, there E** literary circle to another the whisper urge Lewes was dead, that he had passed away tboJS. T**. more . thaa one individual 1 noble U Wltb 0 tbe faittlfu l companion, the fn' ns ’r \ nd comEorter , the great and gentle “Irttw” 5* hRd left behiDd - aDd "ho "must two wrZ D , de - r ““Patnonlesa on earth. For these vrctld ami i. w I'ghts set side by side to help the terself“nldTe ot ? e i only ‘ Geor g e Eliot ’ tindlyfeUonnm v° W m ? Cb sbe owea to er w iB e and is sealed for rber ’,j n . y George Lewes, whose voice ‘bJoeace and T' C °-' lld . haTe ex P resee d the beneficent deriTCd dai!y and hourly i y pSth:“lony. BtrOkearo reP ° rted fr ° m various m j-^ mab!n g fi l-631 destruction in u lßtnC K and both at Mount Cole and JL r conBlder able amount of fencing WZ ws The cala g occurred at Berrambnnl have heard of Anient, where 300 nt, Btatl ° D ’ tbe P ro P ert y ol Mr of country devLtated P A Were bur L ned - besMe a 3 riea reported is that tbo uu i n B at tbe otb6r caaual- Y «r>m Yamm haa ha °, 1 Mr J - Robertson, of 18a Woolshed. ’ en burnt, as well as "SendiJ 6th dt peh reoBiTe , o f' Ballarat for t ar > 598; barW 622- h7’ : ~ Wbeit ‘ 2025; of produce forward a’ f l30 ’ tota1 ' 328 5 bags, ending 6th February Ba l l ? rat for wee k “b, 119; flour en?. V 9 ’~ Pl “tatoes, 54; onions, 12; 914 bags. ’ 607, bran and pollard, 122; total, ®SraSo 5 no i t^“ er Bays =~“ The country RdnsttialSchooUhaw i l °iu aderstand th afc fie Geelong, Qn Thurad» 0t b bee “ in J o. ! epMneßb. Z? b afternoon a girl Bam ed fsttel by lhe from Clones under com bog Indualrial Schools lot S?!* 00 tbere to th e Geo- Pr* wm have to be se’nt nn t “ au® * XlBt her e the in Melbourne. 1 ’ t 0 soh oola at the “ “edicri cireUe yMtorfartt. W “ curren tly stated er°f thß p S[ o d^ tbat another well-known metropolitau hosnital Waa con nected with ® the el P rac . fc “ ed somewhat ex -2t trt ' to whose dissoL ‘ CtB ~ had ’ Hke bis' n??go, retired WB refe <Ted a few r^ 4Ufflaa nmber o“ crHit^ 00 - i Ha also lea^s weve . 7co7d^ Sw m OB49 anigltof 1 2- -ast?’JSftL fact, but thM-? 008 ? nm ? nin all fata Vo i °E Sereeant no brawling. In Cl ptotdef . as iuS and the way his « 1 & t l he Sah high art Pe»lant.?j Enchain next .kotA dark sodas I h^ b lC < h ° UBea had^aid bjfite? by ®idn?g’btffc. soft tack ’ had etby and Harrisr told Vencbl ng their Who bad to'refrain WSs i consequence, llr ■ M'Goll had evidently renewedhia mental'-youth, 'and; although the.night had been spent.in . talking ha oamejSfliilirig.W tHS Serititij and ]<&£ 'bSEofe" flbdtt was Marking out on the bank of the Wiimbara the: spot where the P.’, and 0. T Company’s boats will bej moored when the canal fadin'Portland is r finiahed.V ‘ , | ■ A' frenohpolieher named Thomas Lalor, residing ini . Carlton, was.arrested .on Thursday, for imposing Pponj tbo Melbourne Omnibus Company by dropping small: bits of zinc or tin into the 'fate-box of an omnibus as genuine.; threepenny, pieces. The company (says thei Argus) Has been taken" advantage of lathis way-for; some time, and have quite a collection of spurious coins which'have been found' in-their faro-boxes. One ;driver is, said to hain caught the'prisoner in the act! of offending when he Waatravellingon the Pitzroy: 'line.- The case Was reported to the company’s traffic inspector, who obtained a Warrant-for the prisoner's : • arrest,- and captured him ; himself oil Thursday corner of Bourke and Swanatoastreats. The- prisoner Was lodged in the Fitzroy lock-up. ■ - ! ■ The Bishop of Melbourne (Df Moorho'use) , will preach in ■ St.' Paul’s to-morrow, both morning- and; evening; ' Arrangements,will,be made by the Indum-j bent and church committee to accomodate the. largest 1 possible number of adult persons. We are requested; to'intimate that children will not under any circum-i . stances be allowed : to enter th6 ; church-to-morrow. .' • i ■ : ' The Sunday-school; anniversary serviced of- the Town i Mission ' are advertised to 1 take, place"in' the. hall,: Eureka street, to-morrow. The service of-sacred song i in the afternoon is expected to be very attractive,' andi .at which Mrs W; Little will act as organist. -Apublic: tea meeting will follow on Monday evening. ; ~ The prizes in connection .with the' late ‘ Catholic' demonstration at the Junction, Buugaree, will be paid tcwlay, at 12 o’clock sharp, at' Brophy’s hotel. Sturt street. : .'v, ''V ; ,V " : ; I : - There was but a meagre attendance at the Academy! of.Music-on. Friday night oh the occasion- of Mrs, .D’Arcyßead’sbenefit.'. The Ghost was put. by for .the time, and the entertainmenthegan with Flanche’s: vaudeville entitled “A-Loan of a Lover,” in which the; characters Were sustained hot over, well by the follow-: ingplayers ;—Captain Amersfoot, Mr G. Baron; Petek Spyke, Mr D’Arcy Bead; Swyzel; ; Mr T. Holland; Delve, Mr G. S. Young; Gertrude; Mrs D’Arcy Read; Ernestine, Miss Basset M'Donald. The following pro gramme was then gone through Song and- dance,' Mdlle. Grade;.song, “ Old Simon the Cellarer," T. Hol land; ballad, “ I wish myself bach in old Miss Basset .M'Donald; negro melody,'“ Cynthia Sue (with imitation of the bones), Mr D’Arpy Bead; song, “ The sexton,” Mr T. Holland;, dance, “ Highland fling,” Mdlle. Grade; song,- “Speak: to me,” Miss Basset M'Donald. Miss M'Donald'sang '" Speak to me ” exceedingly well, and with such flue feeling that' she was encored. The performance concluded with '. the scene between the two cousins, Modus and Helen,' in “ The'Hunchback, ” the characters being taken by Mr and Mrs D’Arcy Bead. ----- | An entertainment was given at the Mechanics- Institute on Friday bight to Mr B. G.; Batbhelderj who lost a good deal of his .property by fire lately; at the burning of the Deniliquin Town-hall, but we are sorry to say that there was’ a very poor house,' As much of the coloseean-; pantasccpe.as was.saved, from the fire was shown, and twin acrobats went through a performance, 1 but Chalet, the ventriloquist,' did .not appear, in consequence of ill-health. Mr.Luacombe Searell rendered good service as. pianist..; It: was announced that prizes would be given ’ away ■ for conundrums, but, owing to'the small attendance, Mr Batchelder was held excused from them, j 