THE DARLING. WARD ELECTION. Mil. JACKSOM AT THE TOWN HALL. Last evening .Mr. \Y. 0. .Jackson, one ot tlie candidates lor a seat in the City Council for the above ward, addressed upwards of OlJJ of the electors in tile police court at the Town Hall. The chair was occupied by the Mayor (Mr. l). C. Sterry), ami amongst the gentlemen on the platform wo noticed Messrs. Simpson, Goodisson, Van Damme, Crawford, Putnam, and others. Tlio Mayor and Mr. Jackson, on ascending the platform, were loudly applauded. Tlio Mayor said in introducing Mr. Jackson i.e. had to renue.it that they would accord him tlio .same patient hearing they gave to Mr. Bayne on the previous evening. (Applause.) This was Mr. Jackson's lirtt appearance in public, and he (the mayor) lmpeil they would not bo less courteous to him 011 that account, but would hear him quietly. (Cheers.) Mr. Jacksoii, who, on rising, was loudly applauded, said iu coming beforo them to solicit their voto and interest he did 1 so under dili'icnlt circumstances, as he was not known iu a public position, and had to contest against u gentleman so well and favor ably known as Mr. Bayne, but after receiving such a largely-signed requisition asking him to come forward he decided to do ho. (Applause.) He considered that every citizen had a per fect right to attempt to get into a public position if liu felt so inclined and the ratepayers thought him qualified to (ill tlio position sought for. (Cheers.) Ho did not iutend to speak disparagingly of llie gentleman wlio was contesting tlie seat—(liear, hear)—but ho might state that if elected lie would do bis best for their interests. (Cheers.) It had been said he had no liglit to contest the seat, but lie maintained he had a perfect right; tlio seats were not hereditary, otherwise they would be handed down from father to sou, but tliat not being the case, it was the right of every citizen, if lie thought propor, to try for a seat. (Hear, hear.) There wero a few matters he just wished to touch upon, and, if electod, lie would bo able to givo a better account next time. (Hear, hear.) Tlio funds of tlio City of Sandhurst were, he believed, iu as favorable a state as any city in the colony, but he thought the expenditure on public, reserves had been too large, aud it was likely £6 be larger atill if it was not put ;a j'stppj to. The Government grant for this purpose would got Binallcr, but Mr. ;Bayiio wanted to ooniincuco a now park at Back Greek,- from Mitchell-street to the Cemetery, Ho (Mr, Jackson) was glad to see tlic im •prgvementsthat liad becu made in the reserve, but' ho wohld not bo in favor of extending 'those reserves at the present time. (Cheers.) jA^Vegarda Lake.Wecroona, bethought the ex penditure there for one year had been too great. )(Hear,[heai;-),i III regard to his coming before tliem :Hcekmg their suffrages, he might say 'ho-_fwaa not appearing before tliem as ■ tlio I1 gli03t:! of Hamlet's father, or the 'gto«t.':'of'.Lake Wceroona. (Laughtor and appliuVSO.)' : He had uut got a sensational story ijow'tell' them, although, seeing such 11 large 'audience., before him, he would like to amuse .tlieni'if li'o could. (Cheers.) Ho wished to ineutiou..that .Mr. Bayne had becu dubbed the fatliqr' of all the new ideas and of everything i tliati had been done iu the Council for tlio .last, six yeara, and that he (Mr. Jackson) was tho adopted sou of several parties, and had been brought out on the back' of Mr. Macdougall, but he (Mr. Jackson) 'denied it. Then it was stated that he was brought out by Dr. J. Boyd to> support the Bath Corner business, aud to tliat statement he (Mr. Jackson) wished to givo a most solemn denial., (Cheers.) He had never spoken to Dr. Boyd,' and his name was the very last 011 tho requisition sent to him, and he looked on Dr. 1 Boyd at the time in the light of'; a ,'doubtful supporter. He (Mr. Jack soil)' came there quito independent of any party—(checi'd)—although another story was that bo' was brought out by the cattle sales men aud greasy butchers. (A voice ; " No dis grace, old man.") Even if I10 had come out ainougst them, I10 had a perfect right to do so. He Had been amongst them for 20 years, and haddono their business, and if they supported him it was .•ill tlio'more; to his credit. (Clieers.) In refer o'nte" to1 the cattle yards, lie wished to say a few tt'bi;ds,"although everyone seemed to have cattle yards ou the brain. (Laughter.) The receipt* and expenditure of the cattle yards convinced liim 'fclia't;'3t,:-Svas one of the iiiiust properties in Sandhurst, ai lie found that last year the ex penditure was JE1,100 10s. 5d., and tho receipts £3,405 12s!'7d. . (Applause.) If tliey looked .■it ifcjSii.'that iliglit, the expenditure was not so great, aud lie thought a little more expended 011 tliem would not-be out of place. They had been greatly improved, and tho accommodation was now nearly equal to tho requirements. Coming do'tlio Batlr Corner question, he thought that it liad been*"olio of those sort of things that start up now. and again like plagues. But some men made:plagu.es aud raised ghosts. (Laughter aud applause.] Mr. Bayne had been in the Council for. six'-years, and just as the election was coming on-lie suddenly discovered all about this Bath (jdrner business. -He (Mr. Jackson) believed that when'"the whole of tho allairs connected witlV the Bath Corner were laid before the public it jyould bo found that it had no more tho cliaraUer'jOf 'A swindle iu it than any one buy ing a penny.tty/'tli 'yf bad apjjlos. (Applause.) A committee bad been appointed to inquire into tins;matter;';-they mot, and after going through till the,[papers,...uQthing .was ; found..iu it, gild he believed it .would be tho same if the 0 .feints Hcourse .was . pursued , again. (:IIear, hear.) Iu reference to tho erection p{« puUib Ajnildhigs' in Pall Mall, ho thought that the sooner'-that question" was settled the better-for- the-community. (Cheers.) Tliay liadnovel1 -received a ' fair share of money from: rtlio'" Government, whilst Ballarat, Cm tleniainej! ah'd other places got everything tliey wanted, and liad. received three times as much as'tliey hiid!.' Hc'thought the ratepayers should iobk.- out,'aelecV. a site, and put it to the voto,.;;and! that the sooner it was done the better. ' (Cheers.) The next subject ho liad'1 to' touch' upon was the metalling of the streets.' ,;iMr; Bayne had taken credit for being tho first man that introduced stones, or atItSaSt"' " gbt' !'.thcm laid ou the streets; but,-hp Wa not, as ijietal was used two years before he entered tho Council. • Lake Weerooiia was not his idea either, or tlio siteam road-roller. (Applause.) It ^ ho (Mr. Jacl;3on) were returned lie woulu advor cate tho metalling of the back streets of the city—(cheers)—aud also planting of: trees iu them. Many persona had purchased property in those localities, and made their homes there, and he thought they were as much entitled to have the streets metalled and planted and made as comfortable as other parts of tlie ,city. (Clieers.) As he suited before, he considered he had a perfect rii'ht to be tliere, soliciting tliei? sniirages, as" well as any other citizen of Saiul hurst, aud if he succeeded, ^ ho would p!ed"'e himself to givo au independent opinion ou idl matters that catnc befote the Council—(hear, hear)—and to ^ other matters outside he could give his attention, as he had the time. He thought he had got some business abilities about him, though ho was not a good speaker, but if elected ho could assure them that he would perform the duties to the best of his ability, and that he would endeavor to do ::t> to their satisfaction, and with credit to himself. (Loud checs.) T , Tho Mayor then announced that Mr. Jacusoii would be happy to answer any questions that mi"lit bo put to him, when a gentleman at the back of the hall asked the following question.:— "Are you in favor of giving MVlntyre *ix years loimerV" (Great laughter.) Answcij "As far "as the lease of the Bath Corner is concerned, it will .be unfair to repudiate any arrangement made between the Council ami the lessees." }\'hilst.ou this subject he (Mr. Jackson) wished to say that tho mattei had been brought be;,.re tho .Council, and unless _ it was a legal document he did not think they should do anything of the kind;'that was in reference to the extension of tho lea^o for six years. In reply to other quesr tions lie said—There was some seven years of the present lease to run, and there njust be two mure elections during that time, aiid to giyo au opinion of what would .he 4,0110 Was like calling a jury together t.9 try a casa which cannot be tried and nev^r ought to be tried, and tiierefore it was pot right to (isk him to cive an opinion of what would be done ill the city m seven years time. He would like to &ec; the streets properly lighted, and paths made so that people could walk about without dan""!'. Jti referenoo to keeping the lamps lH°ed after 12 o'clock at night he thought that was. a question h'f tl/c people, :is it would re quire a lighting rate to do tiiat. Mr Yau Uanjuie, who was received with applause,' said lie had very great pleasure in proposing that Mr. Jaeksou was a lit aud nroncr persoa to represent the ratepayers of BirW Wwd iu tlw City Council (Ap pi-use ) It was no doubt a very healthy state of tho community when they saw honorary appointments such as seats 111 tlio City Council being so keenly con tested for. Thus contest they were now cn- [ O'ed in would be as great as any they had had, and they had two good men .to chose from— .(hear, hear)—but he did not aay Mr. Bayne was miite so good as he said himself, (Laughter and •inul'iuse.) That would bo stretching the point too far, but no doubt'Mr. Bayne was a uacful man, aud as Mr. Jackson said, lie- was a splendid man at appropriating other wen s ldo.is. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Van Dammo) had often heaul Nat Hallas perform a solo in that building— music that lingers in memory still but the performance they had of Mr. Bayne s trumpet iiv last (Monday) night beat all. (Cheers.) Mr. Bayne, 110 doubt, was a very good man, and they had no doubt seen the long list of his efforts .for the good of the city, .as they had all been printed that morning. It was so loag since he (the epaaker) took part in public business I19 had almost forgotteu what to do. It v.'na 22 years ago since lie pro posed Mr. Abbott as a lit ami proper person, anil lio sincerely hoped and wished that lie might lio equally as .successful un this neensiou as then, and gji, .Mr. Jackson in. (iwi.'erj.) He 1'Ol'ened 1.1 tile exalted Words of the retiring niembur, ami said lie thought it nosirable to have a change ill i!:-1 ward, and from the Ion," list, of names mi Mr. Jackson '.i requisition, and tliey need not be afraid of throwing their votes away if tliey voted for Mr. Jack son, a-) tho roll lind been carefully gone through, and tin; sup port promised left him a large majority. (Cheers.) It was for tliein to choose betiveen Jackson and Bayne. Both were good men, but for Ilia (the speaker':,) part lie could tell them that he would prefer the straightforward, humble, and unassuming man, and ho believed if tliey voted for liini he would work for them. (Applause.) lie had therefore much pleasure in moving a vote of eoniulencj in Mr. Jackson. (Iteneivcd applause.) -Mr. Crawford seconded the resolution, and in doing .so, said there could be no doubt after hearing the straightforward statement of .Mr. Jackson, that he was iu every way a better man than Mr. Bay no, whom tliey had tried for six years. (Hear, hoar.) He referred to the necessity of deciding on the site for the public buildings, and as the Government were pre pared to spend £15,000 or £20,000, ho agreed with Mr. Jackson that this matter should be settled at once. , The Mayor thou put the resolution, and it was carried almost unauiiuotisly, amidst loud applause, only two or three hands being held up against it. Mr. Jackson briefly returned thanks, and proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor for pre siding, which was carried by acclamation; Cheers were then given for the Mayor and for Mr. Jackson, and the proceedings terminated. . 