POETRY. FBOJT THE BAST. TW» old boxtiut lu»Id» th* btwcM Of my Eirihoed'along ago, X hmT.ioond, where «noe I bid it, In thanmt quaint and low. Then my ey«* wet* brighter, cbinr, Hot a farrow on my brow. On Ay I Mirth* jmnubine glittemd, Wh*rs ilia anewsbav* fallen bow. Wall— HI lift the Ud, recalling Dreams, how foolish, yet how fur ! Ah, then lies my ring, the token Of lore's glory and despair. Like » tide flows fsicfc opon m« All the pain of that ead day, When I faults golden glimmer, With my love and trust away. Row could jealona pride and anger dose toy heart against its own ? Shot oat from my heart the sunshine, Leaving to* to walk alone ? Where is he tat-day — my sweetheart ? Ah, I have not wept for yaars ; Now the ring brings bade the heart-break, With * rash of tender tear*. Yes, the ghosts of dead white roses * Bustle in this paper's fold ; Onoe again bias eyss and bonny, Smile npon me as of old ; While he gathers creamy roses, Id a cluster sweet for me, Saying, ' Yon will not forget me, When I sail the purple sea ?' Dost and ashes are the roses, Dead sea apples, hope and love, Naught but death to be believed in — None to trust but God above. Long ago the sweet light vanished From the blue eyes far from me : No, poor lad, I'll not forget yon, Sleeping 'neath the purple sea. From this folded silver paper Falls a tress of sunny brown ; I behold myself a maiden, Blushing, ahy, witb eyes cast dawn, While my boyish, dark-eyed lover Vows to live for me alone, Brings as tokens of affection — Apples green — and pears half-grown. Twas our first roinancs — we parted — Bitter were the tears we shed, Long and dreary ueemed the waiting, For the time that we might wed. Well, he has a wife and children, Stout he's grown — and fond of wine, Bald the head whereon this ringlet With its fellows used to shine. Here are letters that I cherished, From the friends of other days ; Some are gone, I know not whither, Down life's dim and changing ways. Scattered like the leaves of autumn, Drifting, drifting far apart, Some are dust beneath ,tlia daisies, Some grown proud and cold of heart. Shall I farther look ? No* never I Pease of years has been in vain ; Memories, like ghosts up-starting, Walk, and wring their hands in pain. Gentle eyes gaze out upon me, Tearful, as I ssw them last, Voices call, and white hands beckon, From the shadows of the Past. Why should wild regrets and passions Of my girlhood's folded page Come to thrill me with tbeir whispers, In my lonely, ead old age ? I am groping through life's twilight Tow'rd the bright ' land of the leal.' Bitter earth has not a sorrow That eweet heaven cannot heal. A good story is told of Professor Blackie. On the door of the Greek class-room in Edinburgh University Professor BlucUe Lad occasion a few weeks aeo to put up this notice: — ' Professor Blackis regrets he is un able to-dny to meet Ins classes.' A waggish student, spying this, scraped out the initial letter of the Ia«t word of the senfonoe, and made it appear as if the Profeseor was reg'-etful at bis in ability to meet those fair specimens of humanity, familiarly known outside the college quadrangle as the ' lasses.' But who can joke with Blackie ? The keen-eyed old mac, noticing the prank that had been played on him, quietly erased another letter, and left the following to be read by whom it might coneernj: — ' Professor Blackie re grets be is unable today to meet his asses !' ' Deablt' Beloved in Luck. — A local preacher had been preaching in the after noon at a villiage not far from Newcastle, and having accompanied one of thevhapel members to bis house, was of course in troduced to his wife, who appeared very glad to sea him, and warmly pressed him — for a full quarter of an hour — to stav to tea. He at last consented. While 'all this pressing was going on the husband was quietly standing by, preparing to wash his hands and face. Tli« good lady then went to get I he tea ready, and it was not long before both the tea and her temper were brewing, for hearing as she thought, her dearly beloved washing, she made for the little window which com municated between the kitchen and the pantry where eba was and taking advan tage of bis position, more quickly than one could «ay 'Jack Bobinson,' ahead ministered two or three hard raps on his bald pate, accompanied with the exclama tion, ' Aall laarn ye to bring them hun gry prachers.here to tea ivory time they come to breach !' As soon as (he unfor tunate ii.dividual could get the «oap-suds out of hib eyes, he began to think what it all meant ; but he soon cam* to the conclusion that the old lady had made a aad mistake, which she also soon found ?at, for npon returning to the parloar, there she saw her husband patiently await ing bis turn to wash ! Westworth, Fridiiy.— During the last few days, a death has occurred by drowning ; a yonng man was accident ally ahot. ; and another man was killed by a tree falling and breaking his back ? Last night, Captain Barclay, of the steamer Maranoa. now at Weutworlht left in a boat, during a fit of religions excitement. The boat was found this morning down the river, and it is supposed that Barclay is drowned. He left in bis cabin a letter, asking one or two etetuners to pick him up on their way to Adelaide, leading to the supposition that he was proceed ing along the river bank, but in addition to 'he risk of being lost and being without food, the creeks are now too flooded to enable him to pro ceed. Search has been made, and the steamers have been asked to whistle daring tbeir journey. 