MONSTER MEETING- OP CATHOLICS AT BATHURST. (Independent.) A 'MOBSTER meeting or the Catholics or ±-atnurst and district was held in tho S. S. Michael and John's Cathedral, on Sunday night; last, for the purpose oil protesting against the Education Bill introduced by Sir Henry Parke3 during the pre sent session of Parliament. The meeting was very largely attended, the spacious Cathedral being crowded, and, notwith standing the threatening appearance of the even ing, a number were assembled outside. The entire number exceeded 2000. The Cathedral had been dulv arranged for the required nurnose. A l&ree; platform was erected in front of the high altar (which was screened off for the occasion) and extended to the first row of seats in tho nave, On the platform were arranged chairs for the several proposers and seconders of the resolutions and othkrs. The chair was occupied by the Lord Bishop of the diocese — on the platform were the Very Rev. Dr. Byrnes, Sov. Messrs. Riordan, Mead, Horan, and Ryan, and Messrs. L. F. Hoy don, J. Moagher J'. P, Martin Moagher, W. Ot. Stephens, J. Hasoldon, J. O'Brien, James Boyl son, and A. O'Donoughue. His Lordship, who on rising was most enthusi astically cheered, congratulated all present on the very large proportions the meeting had assumed. He said that, although they had assembled in that sacred edifice, the only building available for such a large audience, they would recollect that for tho present tho building must be considered not so much in its sacerdotal character as an as semblage hall, and therefore, the audience would bo at liberty to give full expression to their feel ings. (Cheers.) His Lordship then requested Mr. O'Brien to road the advertisement convening the mooting. This having been done, His Lord ship said that such was the object of the meeting, and they would have certain resolutions proposed bearing on tho subject, and lie would now only ask of tho several speakers who would address the meeting to exercise moderation in the lan guage used, so that they might not. spoil a good cause by the use of too strong language. (Loud applause.) His Lordship then called upn Mr. W. Q-. Stephens to move the first resolution. Mr. Stephens, on rising, was loudly cheered. He said he would read the resolution, which had been committed to his charge. It was as follows : — ' That we, the Catholics of Bathurst, in pub lic meeting assembled, protest against the Pub lic Instruction Bill now before Parliament, and shall petition against it inasmuch as it involves a violation of the civil and parental rights of the Catholics of this colony.' May it please you my Lord, rov. gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen,— Permit me to thank, as I do, my fellow Catholics, for having during my absence selected mo to move this very important resolution to ono of the largeot meetings of Catholics ever held in this the metropolis of the 'West. I only regret that my practice as a public speaker has beon so slight as to make me fear that I shall scarcely be equal to the occasion, and that my ut terances will fall far short of doing that jus tice which I desire to do to a resolution of so very important a character. Howevor j much I may be deficiont^infl eloquence to place ovir position before you in its true light, I never theless trust I shall succeed in making myself understood, not only by this groat meeting, but by tho powers that be, and while endeavouring to do this I trust I shall not in tho remotost de- j grce say ono word which can be construed into | offence again our opponents on this, to us, vital j question. But, on tho contrary, I hope to put ; forth our views and assert our rights without over \ once forgetting the dignity of the Catholic plat- s form. I will make no offensivo romarks to other j denominations, either hero or elsowhcro, but j would calmly and dispassionately discuss the | question beforo you. I hold strong viows ;. respecting the education of my cluldron. I ' do not considor that it is sufficient for ! them on one clay of tho week to bo taught j to know God, but they should be taught to j know Him every day of their lives. Thero had \ boen much talk in certain places of bad Catholics. ; That there woro such was no fault of the Church. , Catholics had tho grace of the Sacraments — suf- ? ficicnt moans to prevent thorn from going astray, (Tho speakor lioro mado a few comments on tho gross and scandalous a3poraion3 cant on Catholics and^ proceeded : I will now ask why this hasty ' introduction of this Education Bill ? Huo tho education question boon made a test question ? and have tho present mombcro of Parliament beon returned to tho Houoo for tho purpose- 01! passing a Bill of thia or any othor character aa : affecting this all-iniportanfc question ? I say, and j I am sure you will agree with mo, tho proaont j '?'''?: '??????'.?':?.'?'?''?'?'??}.'.-': ' :?:'?)?'':?''::. ??'?'?:-:'k~ ?'* membei'3 of Parliament wore not returned for this purpose. (Loud cheers.) Then I ask, why this indecent haste, when excitement runs high, when all calmer judgment is discarded ? Why endeavour to pass a moasuro of this character — a measuro which will doprivo us of all rights as citizens of this great and (should be) free country ? But some of ouv opponents will say that wo Catholics are hard to please, and a3k why we arc not satisfied. Well, we can say that the present Bill before the House is not brought in for the purpose of satisfying us, but, on the contrary, it is brought in for the purpose of de priving U3 of our present very small share of justice. (Cheers.) And let me ask again why this haste to legislate on so very important a ? matter as this ? Many say it is because our Archbishop and Bishops issued a joint pastoral to us Catholics, and to us Catholics only, warning us of certain dangers in the education of our children. Well, if this be so, tint the pastoral ?was only issued for Catholics, whence comes the cry that has been raised against it ? Catholics do not object — they are willing to receive it as coming from the proper authority. (Cheers.) It warns us, and we accept the warning. It is part and parcel of the Church's teaching, and as we believe in our teachers we obey the Church, and by what right do others object to our doing so ? Let us suppose that a document had been issuod by tho heads of any other de nomination to their particular flocks, would we Catholics interfere, and say that such persons had no right to issue such a warning to their flocks ? By no manner of means, it would be no part of our duty to do so. (Cheers.) Sir Henry Parkes is reported to have said on the 20th Nov., as follows : — ' And suppose,' said he, ' the Archbishop and his other Bishops constituted two- thirds, and suppose by reason of majority in the Legislature, in the Councils of the country, and they set up a school system, would the poor Protestants receive any more f a vornable terms than the Eoman Catholics were re ceiving a3 it was ?' Well, this is a question I would scarcely expect to hear asked from tho head of the Government of this country. (Cheers.) On the contrary, I should expect Sir _ Henry Parkes could rise above the level of factions, and say, ' Well, I hear you all, but I am de termined to do what is right, as I hold the scale of justice ; I will do what is right and proper independent of all parties.' (Cheers.) Wow, I ask, if Sir Henry Parkes adopted this course, would not his name bo likely to go to the grave with greater honour than it will by adopting the present Bill ? (Loud cheers.) For I think those of us and against us must admit that the present Bill is intended, so far as it can accomplish its purpose, determined to uproot Catholicity out of the country by depriving us of all aid to our schools, while the Bill proposes to not only sup port our present Public schools, and erect other schools for the purpose of giving a higher educa tion to the children of persons favourable to this system of education. (Cheers.) Well, we, as Catholics, find no fault with all sections of this great community receiving the education they approve of for their children ; wo only ask that we shall not be deprived of our parental authority by having to send our children to be taught by any system we cannot approve of. We have heard a great deal about the Education Question. If the Catholic children can pass tho Council's standard of Gecular educa tion, they must be equal to the children attend ing the Public schools, and what right has the Government to expect more ? The only difference we claim is, we demand the right to keep Q-od before their eyes in their daily education. In the Weekly Post (Liverpool, England) there is an account of the results of the annual examination of from 1000 to 1500 children attending the Notre Dame Schools. The Marquis of Ripon congratulated tho sisters on the great success there achieved. In the examinations, as com pared with all the schools of Liverpool, they took the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, and also tho 6th, 8th, 9th, and 12th places, and his Lordship observed that not only had they achieved this honourable posi tion this year, but for tho past three years they had been equally successful. (Cheers.) This was denominational examination in competition with all other systems in England. (Cheers.) And why, I would, ask, should Catholics be de prived of the small modicum of liberty they now enjoy ? If others choose Public schools let them enjoy them ? (Cheers.) The only effort of certain parties ap peared to be to starve denominationalism out of tho country. Another gentleman in tho Assembly, who might by some be considered an authority on matters affecting Catholics, defined what constituted education according to his view — said it was the amount of schooling given by the State which enabled a child to educate itself. Well, this gentleman was congratulated by that political failure, Mr. Greenwood, with having made a most excellent Protestant speech. I do, however, very much doubt whether the Eight Rev. Doctor Moorhouse or Bishop Barker would acknowledge it to bo a good Protestant speech. (Cheers.) I am fully convinced that the gentle man will never be^recognized a3 an authority on questions affecting Catholics, as I conBidor it our duty to repudiate suoh professors of our creed. Wo can understand persons op posed to us differing] from uo, and know thoy do so believing thoy are right and we wrong ; but we cannot, and do not, understand persons professing to bs Catholics who seek, on every occasion that a queation arises whereby Catholics are effected, to put forth opinions so diametrically opposed to all Catholic teaching — (cheers) — and wo deny tho right of such poraous to speak as if for us, while they are against us. Well, let us see what wo do require. With res pect to the election of Mr. Suttor, I v/orked and voted for him solely became he professed to be with us on the education question. Wo worked for Mr. Suttor against Mr. Webb on this ground alone, and ovory Catholic in tho electorate did tho same. (Cheers.) Tho Bill ought not to havo bepn hur ried through. Parliament with, such indecent haste. The matter could '/'not now be treated fairly. (Cheers.) Of this I am sure, that there is not a man, woman, or child amongst us but will rally round our good bishop in this great struggle for our rights and liberties. We ask for a fair field and no favour. We ask for assistance to the same extent as that granted to all other bodies of Christians, and we say, if our , children , are not brought up to the standard required by the Edu cation Act, give us nothing. Surely this is fair, and let me ask can we be satisfied with less ? I say no, and have much' pleasurein moving the resolution. -, ??_?,--? ?.-..; ' ?,/?,.- .-... ?? ???/- ?, '?. ?'.-.? Mr. Stephens retired amid great cheers. ... , Mr. John Meagher, J.P., in seconding the resolution, said :— Jfy Lord, very reverend and rev. gentlemen, ladies' and 'gentlemen, — The resolution which ; has been submitted, would, under ordinary, circumstances, leavo little or nothing to the seconder to add ; and with all due deference to the proposer and the other speakers who are about to follow, in my opinion, the great principles, so eloquently enunciated to-night, are the, principles and views of the vast multitude assembled .within arid without the precincts of this sacred temple; who have come ten, fifteen, and twenty miles to enter their protest, by their presence here to-night, against the cruel wrong that is pi'oposed to be inflicted on their;children whom they love dearer than their lives. . (Cheers.) If I had the control of tliis meeting, without at all dictating to your lordship, I would merely get ? the sense of the meeting in the usual way without any speechifying, much.; as . it - may. .annoy -my oratorical friends, and ? say. to the, gentle men of the 'Press, ' Five thousand Catholics ... of the district of Bathurst are unanimous in condemning the Education Bill in troduced by Sir Henry Parkes.' It seems to me that the press of the colony, with a fow honourable exceptions, are impervious to argument and dis tort facts and proofs as clear as the noon-day, backed up by incendiary correspondents and lecturers, whose hatred of Catholicity only equals their ignorance of it, and therefore arguments are lost on them. But they can't get over the figures as representing the Catholic laity of the district assembled here to-night, as one man in condemnation of this nefarious measure forced on us in order to conciliate a clamorous faction, who are supposed to be in a majority, and whoso whims on that account are pandered to. Is this justice? Is this fair play ? Is this statesman shipliko ? (Cheers.) No ; a thousand times no. Why were not the measures of the league, mind the name, recognized six years ago, which are all embodied in this Bill when the league was in full bloom, stumping town and country, burst ing with fervour and fury ? The reason, my Lord, is obvious, for then the league got more 'kicks than half-pence ;' they were in a minority, as I believe they are at present if it were tested. I have not read or heard any utterances antagon istic to this proposed system by the prelates of this province stronger than I heard uttered five years since by Mr. Suttor, the present Minister for Education. He advocated payment by results, by the bye the first I heard or read of up to that time propounding tho system in this colony, and said, as near as I can recollect, that the com pulsory clause was repugnant to the free insti tutions of the country, and jeered at the term ' free and compulsory,' called the Free Press, the ' old fossil over the way,' ' tho fettered press,' ' the minor journal ' for advo cating the jjrinciples of the league represented by Mr. Webb, showed thejipersecution a poor widow in Melbourne was subjected to on account of tho compulsory clause, read long extracts condemn ing the working of a similar schome in Massachu setts. (Cheers.) Mark, my friends, how soon Mr. Suttor's email thinking apparatus became fossilated when brought in contact with the illus trious Henry of .Empire notoriety. Mr, Suttor, in reply to an argument used against his fitness by the secularists on account of his youth, cited some of the foremost politicians in England and Ireland as the greatest statesmen in their day, and who were much younger than himself, and that ho was a mature politician as lie studied politics from an early date, and after ma ture deliberation was convinced that tho De nominational system was more beneficial to society, and cited France as the most prosperous and civilized country in the world, where the Denominational system was tho one recognized by the State. Well, now, how comes the change ? Was it not pitiable to witness his recantations tho other evening, and all that heard him must admit that he felt ill at ease with himself and his surroundings. We can well understand Mr. Suttor, the incorruptible Mr. Suttor, five years ago giving expression to his honest conviction when he said he would not be a link in the tail of Parkes ; but circumstances alter cases. If Mr. Suttor came before his Catholic constituents to whom unquestionably lie was and is indebted for the position he now holds, and could show them the groat sacrifice ho was making from conscien tious convictions forced upon him after much care and application, and that on account of those convictions he was making great personal and pecuniary - sacrifices, then, indeed, we could and would give him credit for his sincovity. (Cheers.) He reminds me of the change of religion of a gentleman from Catholicity to Protestantism in the penal days in Ireland, who, fearing he would lose his estafcos on account of his religion, became a Protestant, and at a dinner given by the Pro testant Archbishop of Dublin, in order to cele brate tho event, at which his grace put the follow ing pertinent questions — ' Mr. Myers, you have been this day received into the Protestant Church ; for this you may thank God. I learn with plea sure from tho rector of Castlereagh, that you have acquired an excellent knowledge of tho basis of tho Protestant religion ; will you be so kind as to state, for the edification of tho company, tho grounds upon which you have cast aside Popery, and embraced tho Church of England ?' ' Faith, my Lord,' replied Myera, 'I can easily do that. Tho (/rounds of my conversion to the Protestant religion are two thou sand five hundred acres of the best (/round in the County of Eoscommon.' (Cheers.) I now dismiss Mr. Suttor, and if tho abovo com parison bo odious there 13 a great similarity in it. The press and others are jubilant for the past few clays on account of the Protestant speeches made by the census Catholics in their place in Parliament on the second reading of tho Educa tion Bill. But are they Catholics ? ' By their fruits you shall know them.' (Cheers.) The Divine founder of Catholicity commissioned His apostles and their successors to tench all nations,' and said, ' He that hears you hoars mo, and lie that despises you despises me.' It is quite evident that these census Catholics do not; hear the Church, but on tho contrary, despise it, and are not ' subject to their prelates.' Butler's catechism (which every Catholic is acquuinted with) asks the question, ' What punishment has the Church decreed against those who neglect to receive the Blessed Eucharist at Easter,' and gives the answer, which is : ' They are to be excluded from the house of God whilst living, and deprived of Christian burial when they die.' It is quite clear from thiB defined law of the church that any adult what does not comply with this rule is not within her pale and, there fore no longer deserves the name of Catholic. It is, therefore, a gross injustice to , the Catholics of the colony to havetlieir members palmed off for Catholics if. they discard. this positive law, and havo them lauded r;by,the .press -.as the Catholic political leaders' or politicians. The eleven faith ful apostles could be, with the same degree of justice,' charged with ; the.traachery of Judas . as the Catholics of the colony concurring in the ; 'sentiments* expressed, by those so-called Catholic member's of 'Parliament by their speeches on the: :Education question. (Cheers.) We, as Catholics, protest against this bill, as wo cannot conscien tiously send our children to any school where the dogmas of our religion are ignored, and for bidden to be taught, and it would be cruel and tyrannical to compel us to contribute to a system of education from which we can derive no benefit, as we believe that education without religion is more of a curse than a blessing. Tho gos pel says that it is better to go to heaven lame and blind than to go to hell with all our members perfect. So it is better to go to heaven with blissful ignorance than to hell puffed up with all the accomplishments of tho nineteenth century. In speaking thus, lob no person in or out of this assemblage think that I treat secular knowledge lightly. No, I prize it only second to the knowledge of God, and it is no sentimen tality with mo, for I am paying a high premium to educate my children. How any professing Christian can advocate a secular system in pre ference to a denominational one io, and 1ms been, tho greatest mystery to me, for it seems contrary to common sense, discarding altogether the super natural motives which should outstrip every other consideration. Would not a sincere Church of England parent wish that ]ii3 children would bo brought up through Church of England Christians — the same would apply to tho We3 leyans, Presbyterians, Baptists, &c;, — than havo them brought up indifferentists without any grounded dogmatical belief ? (Cheers.) Tho natural inference is that they would, if they were sincere ' and sought the one thing necessary.' However that is their business. Ours is that wo will use every legitimate means to procure a Catholic education for our children contributing, as we do, our portion to the general revenue of the colony, and that wo aro prepared to sacrifico overy worldly consideration in order to bring up our children thorough CalholicB. Not Catholics who will half apologize for being such, adding that they aro not bigoted ones, whatever that means, for there is no such person that I know of as a liberal or bigoted Catholic. It is those so-called liberal Catholics who bring disgrace on the re ligion they profess, and give congenial employ ment to our traducers in their laboured efforts in showing the disproportionate share of crimo and poverty against them, attributing tho cause most dishonestly to their religion, whereas, as in the case of Adam and Eve, it should be attri buted to their disobedience in rejecting and discarding religion which would be the only true cauBO. I declare publicly and con scientiously the only person I would repose no confidence in is a liberal Catholic. Any other denomination I would, a3 I do, give charge of my money and goods to, but a bad Catholic, which is tho proper appellation, is worth watching, and this Bill before Parliament is the most fruitful source that could bo devised for making dis obedient and, thereforo, bad Catholics, and, con sequently, undesirable and dangerous citizens. (Loud cheers.) Mr. O'Brien, at the request of the Bishop, read the first resolution to the meeting, which, on being put to the meeting by his Lordship, was unanimously carried amid most enthusiastic cheering. Mr. L. F. Heydon then rose to propose the second resolution, and was rapturously cheored. Ho said : Tho resolution which I propose is — ' That the Catholic body is entitled to recoivo its just proportion of the education vote, and can only bo Batisfiod with a system which will bo fair to all sections of the community.' The injustice proposed to bo inflicted on Catholics by tho new instruction Bill is seen more clearly from the point of view of this resolution than from any other. Here wo are in fair Australia, the citizens of an English colony ; avo are pre sumed to be free men, and equal to our fellow colonists, and we are ruled by a govern ment which loudly professes its impartiality. We ave told again and again that tho State lias nothing to do with any man's religion, either to favour him or persecute him for it. (Cheers.) Yet what is tho fact ? A fow figures will show ua with a simple oloquenco of their own. (Hear.) The State expenditure this year in education amounts to nearly £500,000 and the population of the colony is about 650,000 ; this is equal to a tax of 153. per head for every mau, woman or child, for educational purposes. Under tho new bill tho amount will bo very much heavior. Now tho whole taxation of tho colony is only 37s. 7d. per head, do that of the total taxos paid by Catholics two-fifths are : wrung from them, and so expended that they cannot in conscience benefit, by one penny of tho money. (Cheers.) Or to put the grievance in a more striking light still, the amount extor- . ..? ted from the 2000 Catholics of Bathurst is £1500 a year. Now, at tho Christmas collections, . when we give sill wo can for the support of our , .;??' church, wo wring out about £200. This just bill robs us of seven and a half times as much as that every year, and spends it in schools to educate other people's children at 3d a week, leaving us to provide our own schools afterwards. When could we raise a school fund of £1500 a, year ? (Cheers.) And yet money, nowadays, means the culture, social advancement, and even the salva tion of the souls of the little children. (Applause.) Let me tell you a case that came before me a fortnight ago. it has nothing uncommon about it, no doubt there aro scores of like cases in the colony ; but it shows the effect of money, and the terrible advantage tho Government havo. About twenty miles from Bathurst a few Catholic families lived close together ; tho parents applied to the Council of Education for a teacher, and as tho twenty-five children who would go to tho school- were all Catholics,. they asked for a Catho lic teacher. The reply was that a Catholic mis tress l could ' bo sent them, but not a Catholic master. They consulted together, and as some of the boys were big, they decided to have a mastor ovorjtherh. A, Presbyterian neighbour of theirs had a. son .training for a teacher, they told him to apply, they recommended him, and he. was ap pointed. This waa two years ago. Lately this master joined. ah Orange Lodge. My informant, one of the parents; ' went to him and reproached himfor his ingratitude, and ho received a promise of amendment. However, my informant did not eeem sure that the promise could be quite relied on, so I asked him what he meant to do. Ho said the Local Board were taking it up. Further questions elicited tho fact that the Board had a majority of Protestants on it. (Cheers.) I then asked why the parents did not speak to the Bishop, and at hist the truth carao out. lie said, ' The fact is, we aro too poor to keep any master there without the help of Government salary.' (Cheers.) Yes, that ia how the system works. A school containing twenty-five Catholic children and no others, has an Orangeman to teach thorn and a Protestant Board over him, and all i3 kept going with £84 a year out; of £1500 a year, robbed from the Catholics of Bathurot. And now there is going to be compulsion besides in such cases. (Loud applause.) And how can we stop such a cruel wrong, and save the little ones ? We must tax ourselves again and raise a fund to enable the Bishop to keep up schools in theso poor places. (Cheers.) When I pass that big temple of seculai'iam, the new public school, and think that of the £12,000 it cost, there is £4000 of our money in it that we cannot use a farthing of, tho talk of freedom and toleration, which is the fashionable cant of the day, seoms to me the grimmest mockery. (Cheers.) Tho only reply made to all our complaints 13, that in fact we suffer no wrong ; that the schools aro built for all, and it is our own fault if we do nob like to use them. Tho case is parallel with the case of tho Non conformists in paying the church rates. Tho Church of England people used to say tho same thing to them when they grumbled at paying for churches and parsons they could not use. 'You can use the churches if you like, we do not object to your taking sittings in our State churches, and then you will get as much benefit b}' tho church rates as we do.' If the Non-conformists pointed out that their consciences forbade ouch conduct tho Episcopalians replied, ' Well, you are unreason able in that ; our church ia a Protestant church, very tolerant of different doctrines, and it has room for all opinions ; your objection is fac tious, and not entitled to be regarded by us.' (Cheers.) There was a good deal in this, and yet the Non-comformists were not satisfied with it somehow. (Cheers.) The Wesleyans, Congrega* tionalists, and other dissenting bodies in England suffered long from this injustice, and strovo hard against it. One would think they might have learnt thereby some sympathy for sufferers from a similar wrong. (Cheers.) But, strange to say, they are tho worst enemies wo have, and tho most merciless of our oppressors. (Cheers.) In fact the whole of this colony has been turned against ua by the fact that the only great paper oi: the country has been a dissenting organ. The Herald has jockeyed itself into the first position, and has turned all tho Anglicans of tho colony into dissentors. (Cheers.) Af'tor some further remarks Mr. Heydon said that ho had much pleasure in proposing tho reso lution ho had read, and resumed his seat amid loud applause. Mr. A. Donaghue briefly seconded the resolu tion. The Bight Rev. Chairman put the resolution to meeting, which wasjearried nem. con. amid loud cheering. Mr. Martin Meagher then rose to move the third resolution, and wa3 the recipient of long continued cheers. Tho resolution was as follows :, ' That in order to protect our educational rights, a Catholic Defence Association be formed, which shall not cease its labours until our just claims shall have been recognizod by Parliament.' Mr, Moagher then said : My Lord, rev. gontlomen, ladies and gentlemen, — After tho logical and earnest speeches which you have heard, I feel in clined to narrow down to a3 small a compass as possbilo tho thoughts and ideas that suggested themselves to me as I looked around on this very largo, unanimous, and intelligent assemblage. But the resolution that I havo had the proud privilege and honour to have just proposed is of such an important naturo, and of so groat a scope, that it requires and deserves a patient hearing at your hands, and I have no doubt but that the resolution (not the speaker) will receive such a cordial and hearty support as will unde ceive thoso medlding busybodies who are never tired in wilfully misrepresenting ua and vainly endeavouring to causo disunion and disobedience to our spiritual guides, thus, m far V ''?? ' *?.'???? ??? ?? ..-? .??...??.? ? ? ? ? ? ??.'??'?'?? as it ia in their power, to foment disloyalty to our divinely constituted rulers. (Cheers.) But, as well may they try to build a wall round the Atlantic Ocean as to make us prove disobedient to our beloved and worthy pnilal.es and zealous, self-sacrificing priests. I believe the previous resolutions will bo mere nullities if the one I have proposed were omitted. In proposing to establish a Catholic Defence Association, we do so solely, in thcljwords of the resolution, ' to protect our educational rights.' We do not intend to act on the offensive — simply on the defensive Our object is not to vote against Protestants bo cause they are such. This I need scarcely say, because Catholics all over the world never care what religion a man belongs to provided he is an honest, consistent, straightforward man. As a glorious living proof, I can point to Irish constituencies with a glowing pride, for though the population of Ireland is about four Catholics to one Protestant, still the Protestant members of Parliament are largely in the majority.. Neither is our object to vote for Catholics ; but, indeed, we would most willingly to unseat (with one or two exceptions) the Catholic members of Parliament of this colony, for a more contemptible, half-hearted, weak kneed set of men are not to be found in any Assembly in the world. Take one or two examples — Mr. Michael Fitzpatriek, a man possessed of ability, but, owing, no doubt-, to the education of his youth, his talents hare been perverted to do the work of our enemies. Then there is the rene gade, Dillon, from Tenterfield, who, like Mr. Fitzpatriek, coolly presumes to speak as a Catholic representative ; but they are as much Catholics in reality, especially Dillon, as (hose that never heard the Gospel preached. If these men would only speak for their own un-Catholic selves, then wo would find no fault with them, but, in order to juotifj' their backsliding, they havo the supreme audacity to send broad cast bofore the world that they represent the Catholics of New South Wales, and that the bishops are only so many antiquated nonentities ! I am sure the Catholics hero to-night spurn with indignant scorn the men, and any other so-called Catholics like them, when they assert that the Catholics are not in accord with their prelates. (Cheers.) God help the Catholics who would have such pilots as Fitzpatrick, Dillon, and M'Elhone to steer their spiritual barque over the stormy seas of life. I am suro themselves and their crew would soon bo shipwrecked on the rock of infidelity, and bo cast on a shore more ?warm than comfortable. Our object, then, is to aid, as far aa it will bo in our power, to help to elect any member of Parliament, irrespective of creed or nationality, whom we believe wo can trust to help us to obtain our educational rights by every constitutional means. Mind you, gentlemen, wo don't intend to try tho ? thickness of even the most rabid of our op ponent's skulla with our hurleys. (Cheers.) Our motto will bo ' moral force.' Union is strength, division is weakness. ' When our enemies join in hate, we should join in love.' If we unite, and continue to bo united, we are certain to attain our ends. It may take five, ten, or oven fifty years, but so sure as to-morrow's sun will rise, so sure will the just and legitimate claims of tho Catholics of this colony be recognized and granted by some future statesman backed by an honest legislature. Perhaps the present Premier, with ali his known hostility to even' thing Catho lic, would not be allowed to carry his present tyrannical measure through both Houses without meeting with more opposition than he at present ai.-tioiputes. We have been driven to our present defensive attitude by the un just and dishonest bill introduced by that crafty, even-hanging and unprincipled politician, Sir H. Parlu-s. The Jiill is a direct violation of the seventh commandment, which says, 'Thou shalt not slrid.' I fa robber enters your house, or a bushiMiiger sticks you up and take? whatever money or good--- v--u u\\-.\y have with you, if ho is caught the law is i..ii''l out. to him and he is very properly punishod. Weil, 1 contend if this Bill shall pass, and I believe it will, it will be a rob bery on the part of the State, for the money we pay to the Exchequer will be filched therefrom by the Treasurer, and applied to support a system of education which we have declared over and over again that we will not use, as it is calculated to jeopardize the faith of our children, and the Catholic that does not value his faith above and beyond every worldy consideration is not a Chris tian. Tho individual robber can be punished, but tho very legislature that makes the law to punish him intends to rob us of our proportionate sharo of tho money wo pay into tho State coli'ei-3, and will not give us one penny of it to educate our chil dren in tho way which we know is best for them, but tell us thoy will force us to accept a system which we believe will bo a diluted and pernicious decoction made up of every material that is calculated to stupefy, poison, and, in fact, kill the germs of Catholic doctrine in tho tender minds of our childron. Wo boast, and boast truly and proudly, that we have the freest con stitution in the world ; but when this coercive Aot shall havo become legalized by a bigoted and persecuted majority, it will be a foul stain on the free constitution of New South Wales. Our only course then is to agitato, and thus entor our solemn and earnest protest against this unjust and high-handed Act legalised by Sir Henry Parkes and hia venal myrmidons. If wo take tho world's history as our guide, it will teach us that wherever an injustice was about to bo porpetrated, the only siire means to prevent or lessen its soverity was agitation, and if the wrong was inflicted, tho only suro remedy to have it romoved was agitation. The greatest agitator that this, tho last, or in fact any cen tury produced was our honoured and beloved countryman, Daniel O'Connell. It was by moral force he wrung from a hostile and unwilling ministry Catholic emancipation. It was by his unoeasing agitation ho exposod tho villainy and perfidy of the miscreants who wore instrumen tal in passing the so-called Union ; and had O'Oonnell lived long enough, ho would have gained, by agitation, self-government for Ireland. And for a brief moment letme refer to that noblest and grandest of Irishmen, like one of the hoary pil lar-towers of Ireland, connecting the past with the present — the illustrious John, Archbishop of Tuam. He is, and has been, an agitator for well nigh, sixty years, and had it not been for the efforts of Archbishop M'Hale, the alien rulers of Ireland would often have forged fetters and passed laws that would have excelled in severity the Draconian code. But above all in tho matter of education, the Lion of the West, as O'Connell loved to call him, fought persistently for his people, and would not accept the national — or, more properly, denationalising — system, and although his diocese was, and is, a comparatively poor one, still he raised over one hundred Catho lic schools and convents, so that the faith planted ? by St., Patrick would not be tarnished or tullicd by the foreign blast of a godless education. I know, my Lord and gentlemen, that we will, as we have been, freely criticised for our boldness in presenting such a bold front in our endeavour to resist the Act of robbery about to be put in force. Because we won't quietly submit, and because wo ask for nothing unless what wo are justly entitled to, there is a howl of wild and bigoted indignation raised against us and we are called ' disloyal,' 'malcontents,' ' clerical sorfs,' and a score of other beautiful epithets that ema nate from their jaundiced brains. Let us see who arc these critics. The most of them are so contemptible that really they are not worth naming. At all events, they have two most worthy representatives in Buchanan and Hurley, who are an utter disgrace to any respectable society. These are the trusted leaders and champions of our traducers. Of all the men in the colony, this pair of worthies ought to make a violent effort to keep very quiet, and not cause peoplo to rake up and remember their past careers. They are indeed worthy sons of the ' Scavenger's Daughter.' Our opponents have the best of us in the newspaper line, be cause, no matter what Catholics say, it will be twisted, distorted, and disjointed, and thoy will, in fact, make it appear tho very op posite of what we intended. (Cheers.) We say that we are perfectly in accord with our bishops on the education question ; they say they know far better that wo are not. Therefore the news papero of the colony, with a few exceptions, wil fully and persistently malign us. (Cheers.) I certainly would expect better from the Herald, for it treats the various topics of the day in such a staid and solid manner — in fact, so heavy and solid are its leaders that they are sufficient to put a man to sleep or make him commit suicide. (Laughter.) As for the scorpion Telegraph, no Catholic expects any manly fair play from its columns. (Loud cheers.) And then there is that little free lance — the Evening News — which seems to have no defined or fixed principles. (Cheers.) These three dailies are the exponents of our opponents, and unfortunately we have no daily paper to represent uo — in fact, our only advocate is the staunch and uncom promising Freeman's Journal. Let us, then, contribute our peaceful agitation, and, depend upon it, some honest premier and legis lature ?will ere long concede to us the rights to which we are justly entitled by every law of justico, liberty, and fair play. (Cheers.) And should it go to the worst, we are willing and determined to aid our good bishop in supporting our own schools independent of the State, and thus give a practical proof that we, the Catholics of Bathurst and district, are heartily and thoroughly in accord with the policy adopted by our prelate and the prelates of this colony on the Education question. (Loud cheers.) I am sure there is not one Catholic here present that does not feel it an insult to bo told that he is at variance with the bishop on the sacred causo of education. (Hear, hear.) I regard the Education question as holy and sacred as this sacred temple of tho Lord in which wo are assembled. Mr. Meagher resumed his scat amid long continued cheering. Mr. J. Boylson seconded the resolution, and said : My Lord, rev. gentlemen, ladies and gentleman, — In seconding the resolution, so ably moved by Mr. M. P. Meagher, it needs me to say very little, as I am suro my fellow- Catholics will be unanimous to a man in exorcising every lawful means in their power in securing j ust claims from Parliament. (Cheers .) If we do not get justico from the present Go vernment, we will not lose heart, as we have just cause, which will coino oil victorious in the end. With these few remarks, I have much pleasure in seconding the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. A. O'Donoghuo spoke ably in support of the resolution, and aftor some further remarks by Mr. O'Xeeffe in support of tho same, His Lordship put the motion to the meeting, and it was carried most enthusiastically. The Bishop then rose, and stated that he re gretted tho absence of Mr. E. Gell, on account of illness, from the mooting. He had received a note expressing hearty sympathy with the object of tho meeting. The Lord Bishop of Bathurst then said : — Ladies and gentlemen, — I only perform a simple duty as chairman of this meeting, when I warmly congratulate you on its complete succoss in every respect for tho purpose it came together. (Cheers.) Every one must admit that this is eminently a representative meeting of the Catho lics of Bathurst and its surroundings. I seo be fore me tho bone and sinew, tho head and heart of tho Catholics of Bathurst and district. (Loud cheers.) And yoii have placed it beyond tho power oven of the Herald to say that your sen timonts do not completely coincido with the sen timents of the bishops of this colony on the sub ject of Christian education. (Cheers.) You have expressed theso sentiments in a manner worthy at oneo of yourselves and the great cause you advocate. (Cheors.) Nothing can bo more orderly than your demeanour hero to-night, and your language, on tho wholo, was as concilia tory a3 it was firm. Depend upon it all things will boar their fruit. Aooording to the last census, the Catholics of this city were three or four more than the third of its inhabitants, and the relative proportion in this district is more favourable to Catholics. (Cheers.) This meet ing, therefore, registers the solemn protest of more than a third of the population oi; Bathursfc and its district against the Bill of Public in struction now before Parliament, and pledgee itself to use every legitimate means to frustrate it3 cruel efforts. (Loud applause.) I make nc comments on these facts. They speak more for cibly to our opponents than anything I could say. But were you not forced to hold this meeting and compelled' to express tho sentiments you have expressed ? (No, no.) Was it not a dread of your wicked and tyrannical liishop, who now addresses you, that forced you here and com pelled you to speak as you have spoken ? (Cries of, 'no, no,' and laughter.) This has been the cry of our opponents on the platform and in the press regarding similar meetings sim-c this agita tion commenced. What do these men mean ? If you are forced here against your will you are cowards. (Cheers.) //' you express sentiments that are not yours you are hypocrites. (Cheers.) Theso men wish grossly to insult you. Do they believe what they say? Not a word of it. But they know well, if they admit that the Catholic laity are united with their Bishop3 and their priests that in advocating this measure that would be forcing the conscience of a third of the population of thi3 colony. (Loud cheers.) And where is the free country on the face of tho earth in which this would not be considered tyranny ? They know as well as you do that to be Catholic a layman cannot differ from his Bishop and priests on the vital question. (Hear, hear.) They know tis well as you do that every Catholic, be he bishop, priest, or layman, believes that Christ our Lord founded the Catholic Church, that He i^laced over it the infallible head, St. Peter and his successoi'3, to the end of time, that these infallible heads of the church, and more notably and emphatically the late glorious Pontiff Pius IX., have repeatedly condemned secular and mixed education — (cheers) — and consequently they know as well as you do that every Catholic, be he bishop, priest, or layman, must also condemn thorn. (Loud cheera.) They know more than this. They know as well as you do that Christ gave a commission to the Bishops of the Church to feed His flock, 'old and young, and that in virtue of this commission they are not only bound to give good and nutritious food to their flock, but also to keep from them all bad and deleterious food. (Loud cheers.) There are two authoritative documents on this matter so clear and so pointed that even at the risk of being tedious I shall quote a few extracts from them. [At the request of the Bishop the Rev. Father Meade read the following : — The first extract shall be from the Synodical address of the Fathers of the Council of Thurles :— ' As rulers of the Church of Christ, chief pastors of His flock rigorously responsible to the Prince of pastors for every soul committed to our charge, it forms, as is obvious, our first para mount duty to attend to the pastures in which they feed, the doctrine with which thoy are nourished. ... It is, we feel assured, un necessary to observe to you that, of all modes of propagating error, education is the most subtle and dangerous, furnishing as it does the aliment by which tho social body is sustained, which cir culates through every vein, and reaches every member ; and, that if this aliment should prove to be corrupt or deleterious, it will not fail to carry moral disease and death to the entire system. Hence the awful obligations we are under, at the peril of our souls, of watching over the education of the people whom. God has in trusted to our charge.' Again, Cardinal Cullen, in a letter to tho Catholic clergy in the archdiocese of Armagh in 1850, as[ follows : — I ' The right which wo enjoy, and the obligation under which wo are placed, of attending to the | education of youth, are derived from the Divine commission by Avhich we exorcise our spiritual ministry. This commission, which was given to the Apostles and their successors, in tho following words : — ' Go ye, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days, even to tho consummation of the world.' — Matt, XXVIII. 19— 20— evidently inculcates the duty of teaching all the dogmas of faith as well as all the principles of morality. Whatever regards the nature, attributes, and moral govern ment of the Deity, as well as whatever concerns the conscience of man in his individual capacity or numerous social relations, all this is directly entailed in the Divine commission. But the sub jects thus indicated must have a direct or indi rect connection with tho various departments of human knowledge, and the exercise of the Divine commission must consequently extond to the supervision and control of overy system of educa tion proposed or instituted for the children of the Catholic Church lest in anyjparticular depart ment of knowledge, they should be infecfH with errors or opinions at variance with thior'Vdith ; so, that tho Divine commission, given to tho apostles, implies a positive duty, imposed exclu sively on them, to teach all Divine truth, and iff may say so, a negative duty or right to impede the teaching and to resist tho propagation of overy error, opposed to heavenly revelation. This right of inspection and control, whenever there is ques tion of tho faithful committed to our charge, be longs pro-eminently, -i3 you arc all well aware, to the opiscopal body, according to tho words of the apostle. 'Take heed to yourselves and to the wholo flock wherein tho Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops and to rule tho Church of God, which Ho hath purchased with His own blood.' — Acts XX. When the education of tho children of one dioceso is in quostion, tho matter is within the jurisdiction of tho Ordinary of that dioceso. When many dioceses and provinces are concerned, then the question is not to bo decided by any particular bishop, but by all the prelates of these provinces ; or when they disagree, by the supremo authority of tho Roman Pontiff. To resign such a right, to ohrink fromjfche duty ife involves, to suffer tho little oneo of Jcsuo Christ to be torn from the maternal bosom of tho Church, and delivored up to the hands of un principled or irresponsible teachers or to be im bued with erroneous docti'ines, would, be to prove false to the Divine commission wo have received; to abandon to the wolf, like the hireling pastor, the flock committed to our trust, and. to dis honour the glorious ministry with which we are invested, by a treachery as cruel as it would be unprincipled' (pages 6 — 7). The Bishop then resumed : These documents speak for themsolves. Our opponents may not admire, and we do not ask them to admire tho doctrine they contain. But it is folly, more than folly to deny that they express the Catholic doc trine. (Applause.) All Catholics, therefore, who are worthy of the name, are united with, their Bishops against the Instruction Bill beforo Parliament, and consequently to force it upon the country is to violate the conscience of every Catholic parent in the colony. We shall be told that intelligent Catholics have openly de clared against this doctrine. They that have done so can have preserved nothing of tho Catholic but an empty narae. (Loud cheers.) The Divine Founder of the Church has said : ' He that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican ;' and again, ' Whosoever shall deny me before men, I shall deny them, before my Father who is in heaven.' No, these men are not Catholics ; they belong to that band, small, thank God, and insignificant which the late Archbishop of Sydney once happily designated tho non attached. Some of tho speakers included Mr. M'Elhone among this class. It pains me much to have to say that Mr. M'Elhone spoke most unjustly more than once of the Archbishop of Sydney ; but, as far as I know, in the matter of education he is sound in principle and in prac tice. The few non-attached can speak only for themselves j the Catholics of the colony disown them. (Cheers.) The disaffection of a few can not justify the doing violence to the conscience of the Catholic people, and there can be no doubt if this Bill become law, it will be nothing short of persecution of the Catholics for conscience sake. (Loud cheers.) You did well, then, to resolve on uniting as one man against it. I am sure this union will be perfect and lasting. You have only to recall the heroic aeto of your forefathers, and walk in their footsteps. (Cheers.) They endured the severest persecution on this matter. The Catholic schoolmaster was banished from the country, and if ho returned the penalty was death. (Sensation.) At thio juncture a system of education sprang up in the country as honour able to the people as it was an indellible disgrace to their persecutor. I allude to the hedge schoolmaster, who wao the only resource of the Irish people during tho long and dark nights of persecution. Aftor thio caino the Charter schools and the Erasmus Smith, schools, and then the Xildare otreet ochoolo ; but tho Irish people spurned fchem all. (Oheera.) Then the late Sir Robert Peel introduced, in 1834, the National School eystem. The syotern in theory is mixed, but in practice (at least in three of tho provinces of Ireland) is denominational. You call the education given in your convent schools here denominational ; the same educa tion is given by the nuns in Ireland under the National Board. (Cheers.) These National schools in Ireland are more denominational than our denominational schools here. The patron of the school has there the appointment and dis missal of the teacher and the nuns are not obliged to undergo examination. In the national schocl system the training schools were carried out practically on the mixed principle, and the bishops of Ireland established their own training schools for male teachers iinder the Vincontiun Fathers near Drumcondra, Dublin, and for female teachers under tho Sisters of Mercy in Baggot street and other convents. Tho national system of Ireland has no resemblance to the Public School system in New South Wales except in that part of our system which is denominational. (Cheers.) Those who assert that tho Public School system here is identical with the National School system in Ireland know nothing of tho practical working of the Irish. National Schools. Yet I do not deny that the National schools of Ireland aro established on the mixed principle, and hence it s the Bishops of Ireland havo evor sot their faces against it. The English Parliament has already granted intermediate and university education to Ireland on the denominational principle and pure Denominational Primary Education on theory as well as practico is suro to follow very soon. (Cheers.) I say then follow in the footsteps of your forefathers. For years and years they educated their children under tho hedge school master at the peril of their lives. For years and years thoy spurned tho tempting bribes offered them in the Charter schools, the Erasmus Smith schools, and tho Kildare St. schools, and educated their own children as best thoy could. Thoy conquered by unitod steadfast ?resistance. Then thoy wore offered tho Na tional school which they used by making them Catholic in practice, but novor would accept as a just settlement of their claims. (Ap plause.) After centuries of struggling, thoy are now almost completely victorious — and why ? Because a unitod and determined minority can never be crushed under the hcol of oppression. Unite, then, as ono man, to defend your dearest and most cherished rights. (Cheors.) Suffer not your little children to run tho risk of losing the' faith which a noblo ancestry has bequeathed to you. (Loud applause.) It i3 not in brute force you will find your ctrongth, but in a unity cemented by Christie n charity, and in the invinci ble arguments that a ~j ust cause supplies. (Cheors.) While you strivo by every constitutional means to obtain justico, remember that you aro con tonding not bo much a^aiiwS mon r.:s against the moayurea thoy propcae. 33ocv in mind what I have bo oftoa improccod [apon you, that those against whom you struggle are your brethren, the creatuiea of the same God, and have boon ran somed by the precious blood of the same Divine Saviour. In the words, then, of the Apostle I shall conclude — ' Watch ye, stand fast in the faith ; do manfully, and bo strengthened. Lot; all your actions be done in charity.' Then God shall be with you, and your cause shall triumph. (Loud cheers.) Mr. L. F. lleydon called upon the meeting to accord a vote of thanks io their beloved bishop for his kindness in presiding on the present occa sion. With regard to coercion, it required none to bring Catholics there that evening, and if any thing was necessary the simple wish of the bishop at any time would be quite enough, (Cheers.) Mr. W. G. Stephens warmly seconded the vote of thanks, and proposed that it should bo carried by acclamation. The vote was enthusiastically rendered, and his Lordship in a few kind words acknowledged the sense of good feeling freely expressed. Tho meeting closed at 10 p.m. 