THE MAGIC LANTEEN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir -In 1862, the year before I brought out the optical illusion called "The Ghost," I devoted several weeks study and experiments in the attempt to realise the idea which has struck your correspondent, "A Lover of Science" - "That a great improvement on the magic lantern might be made." ...... "so we might be entertained by pictures of objects appearing to stand out in relief, or, in other words, to throw upon the screen pictures that might appear as solid as those seen in the ordinary stereoscope. It may, perhaps, interest your correspon dent and readers to know that I projected from two separate lanterns by the oxy hydrogen light the two stereoscopic pictures which usually coalesce into one; each pic- ture was 12ft square, and powerfully illu- minated. I first hoped, by providing each, spectator with a large stereoscope, to cause the two 12ft pictures to coalesce, but I found, as might be expected from the laws of optics, and, indeed of perspective, I had to go so far awayy from the large pictures that I virtually only obtained (and that imperfectly) a small stereoscopic picture. I arranged the two screens on which the 12ft pictures were thrown at every possible angle to each other. I altered my lenses in the stereoscope, used a number of different prisms, and, indeed obtained the nearest approach to success with the latter. But the whole re- sult obtained was simply this - that if you project a pair of stereoscopic pictures, how- ever large, on the screen, you cannot get them to coalesce so as to show the large picture. And when, with little hope of success, I caused the two pictures to overlap each other, and employed elaborate means to make the two combine, my experiments resulted in failure. Since 1862 I have thought the matter over, and directly I get a little spare time and the proper space I shall try some experiments which ought theoretically to result in success. I tried my experiments of 1862 in the Crystal Palace, where I had a very larga area for my optical apparatus. Whilst writing on scientific matters, I noticed that some of the members of Parlia- ment in your House spoke of the accumu- lation of carbonic acid in the well or lower part of the house, as if that gas, separated by its weight from the ordinary atmosphere, had proved hurtful to members seated there. I need hardly say that if that were the case every hollow space or valley in a crowded city would soon become dangerous by such an accumulation of carbonic acid, but, for- tunately for mankind, all gases, by the law of "universal diffusion," have a direct ten- dency to rush into and mix with each other, and do not separate afterwards. So, also, will the carbonic acid in an inhabited room, whether derived from the lungs or skin of human beings, or from candle, oil, or gas. The whole body of the air may become vitiated by the carbonic acid, but once mixed with air it does not separate again. In the Grotto del Cani in Italy, the carbonic acid that comes out of the earth is cold, and like the gas in a brewer s vat, may accummulate in the bottom of the pit or vat, but if once set in motion by heat and mixed with air, it would not separate again. The aggregate of carbonic acid in ordinary air, if separated, is enough to kill the whole human race, but the law of universal dif- fusion averts the probability of such a cata strophe. - Yours, &c.;, JOHN HENRY PEPPER Menzies' Hotel, Sept 1. 