THE TERRIBLE TEAR— 1881. The Record Union , 7th March, says : — Pro fessor Norton, of the State Norman School, San Francisco, lectured before the Sacramento County Teacher's Institute last night, upon the very interesting suDjecc or " r ue rianetary Conjunction of 1881." The prediction of as tronomers that in 188i will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds, of ill omen who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugurated in 1881, and to con- ' tinue till 1887, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply the elements con tinue in constant and awful pertubation, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanos burst forth, the earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all waters become poison, and the devil be loosed in re ality to work more desolation and ruin in all the earth. Lately in this State a so-called Professor has issued a book in which he haB prophesied, from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing recited, and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881\. Professor Norton, however does not be lieve these things, and his lecture was ietended to show the reason for bis faith. He illus trated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with things now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or for ward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward outlook is never calm and cloudless It is also natural that men should look at op- votal events in nature, such as the completion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to in volve great crises in . human affairs. The re markable planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read ex tracts from a recently published pamphlet en titled " The voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1880 and 1887, including the annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's " Pyramid Religion," and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substantially agreeing that — The world to an end shall come In 1881. He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed to still have vitality, although the pub lisher of the " Shipton Almanac" has openly confessed that he added the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this superstition and nonsense ? The lecturer presented Professor Delarue's theoiy of the relation of the planetary con junctions to sun spots ; showed diagrams illus trating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunc tions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets October 31, 1881 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of the planets had not occur for many thousand vears. If it is nossible for the massed nlanets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be manifested. Nevertheless, the planets are enormously distant. Their attractive fprce varies inversely as the square of the distance. It is hardly conceiv able that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the foretold disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheric disturbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the emi nent scientist and astronomer : — " H. B. Norton. — Dear sir — Your note of en quiry is received. I answer briefly as follows : — First — Your enclosed diagram (of the conjunc tion) is not essentially correct. Second — It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their perilhelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third — There is no good reason for expecting remarkable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarue thought that he had discovered a relation be tween them and sun spots, but latest researches fail to substantiate the theory. Scientific as tronomers consider the new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose. — Yours, very truly Charles A. Young." Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton said : " We are justified in concluding that science has thus far given us no definite answer for expecting the great tribulation. Neverthe less, if public excitement shall cauee men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for the ' voice from the tombs' ,' uttered by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful fore cast attributed to Mother Shipton." 