ST. MARTS CHURCH. Tbi ceremony of laying the foundation stou" of th.> additions to St. Marv'b Church in this town took place at noon on Friday last, the 15th inat. The day being1 a holy day, the ceremony was witnessed by a very lares number of the members of the Churoh resident in all porta of the district, and alio by a goodly numbor of members of other denominations. The Rev. Benedict Soorte chini, of the Logan, celebrated High Mass in the Church at 11 a.m., and waa assisted thereat by the Rev. Fathers Byrne fDalby), deacon, the Rev. Father Horan officiating as master of the ceremonies. The Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, of Sydney, occu pied a seat in the sanctuary. The service waa most impressive, aa well-rendered Soman Catholic Church Services always are, and lasted till nearly 18 o'clock. At the conclu sion of the service, a prooession was formed and proceeded to the spot when the cere mony was to take place. The Rev. Father Horan, followed by the surplice boya, led the Erecession; next came the Very Rev. Dean iwyar, supported on the right and left respectively by the Rer. D. J. Byrne and Bev. Thos. O'Connell, the Rev. B. Scortechini following in rear. Arrived within that por. , tion of the extension in which arrangements i had been made for the performance of the ceremony, the reverend gentlemen as cended the platform, and the people assembled ! round the stone. I The Virt REV. Dkah Dmi then ad dressed those present Having thanked the Parish Priest, Father Horan, for the honor he had conferred on him in inviting him to lay the foundation stone of the additions to their Church, he took for his text those words from the Apocalypse of St. John, " Behold the tabernacle of God with men." He reminded hie hearera that although these words are directly applied to the " Heavenly Jerusalem," they may also be strictly applied to the Church in whioh they hfd but just now assisted at the holy Sacrifioe of the Mass. That as in the Heavenly Jerusalem the Lord God ever dwells, so in their Church, their holy faith teacheB them. He ever remains in the adorable Sacrament of His Love. In times gone by they had had the honor and the privilege of building their present church, but that now finding the accommodation too .mall for their numbers, they were resolved to enlarge it. He then called on them to make liberal use of the privilege thkt was their"e by contributing generously towards the good work, not only to-day, but regularly when called upon, until the necessaryliabili ties were cleared off. He! urged upon all to give generously-those who had much, to K've of their wealth, and those who had but tie, to give even of that litt'e-to bear in mind that the work they were engaged in was one for the honor and glory of God, and for ] their own convenience. He then referred to the old Cathedral of 8t. Mary's in Sydney, which was built in the early days of the colony. That church, both in its dimensions and in its majesty of form, has bejn sur passed by only one other in all the Australian colonies. When dear old tf&ther; Therry, the pioneer of the Catholic religion in Australia-whose name will ever be Held in Messed and grateful remembrance- com menced that building, he waa looked upon by many, and spoken of by the rulers in England as a madman. The proof of his maanosa ' consisted in his undertaking -with such apparently scant resources so immense a work. But Father Therrc knew what he was about. He was a man who looked to God for success in his undertaking, who was possessed of an indomitable will in carrying out his resolves, and who, in the case of the church be was erecting, felt himself justified in j relying, to the fullest extent, on the small congregation of free men he had around him. , The free men of his congregation were indeed ' very .few, but they were telthful and true, ! *" .*.u" n»tp prisoners. Those who could oontnbute didMtoWu, mTf ntmost of their ability; they gave generously and they pave frequently, until their labours were at length crowned with a glorious success. I Their number did not exceed the number of those who were then listening to him. He then told them that they should look upon tbeir pastor as engaged in a similar undertaking to that in which Father Therry ! was engaged, and that, like Father Therry's congregation, they should rally round Father Horan and support him with the means to have the church out of debt when completed. They might look forward to that time with pleasure, and when it arrived they would feel that they had done so little, and had enjoyed so much, that they would, without delay, be asking Father Horan to commence some othor good work. There was one good work about which they would all bo impatient until he commenced, and that was the erection of presbytery on the church ground immediately in connection with the church-that neither pastor nor flock ought to be satisfied until this was done-that both one and the other felt the extreme inconvenienoe of the present arrangement, b^ which the priest was obliged to live a distanoe from the church. He asked them to take his word for it that when the church waa completed and out of debt the joy of all would be great, especially of those amongst them who, in order to take part in the good work, had pinched them selves, and had even deprived themselves of what might be called neoessaries. He con cluded by asking Father Horan to read a copy of the inscription on the scroll which was placed in a bottle under the foundation stone. The Bev. J. J. HORAN said before reading the inscription he would like to say a few words, ana he would begin where the Very Bev. Dean Dwyer had left off. He could assure them, as the Very Bev. Dean Dwyer had already told them, that he would be in no way backward in receiving subscriptions for the additions; indeed he would receive them with the greatest pleasure, but not greater than that with which he felt they would give them. They had undertaken a good work, and while engaged in it he could tell them that he for one had no objection to be considered mad, for the same reason as Father Therry. The extension of their church would at last be something for there children to admire in after life. After some further remarks, the rev. gentleman read the inscription, whieh was as follows: In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. In the year of Our LORD one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, in the seoond year of the Pontificate of His Holiness Pope Leo XIII., And in the fory-third year of the reign of Victoria, queen of Great Britain and Ireland and Empress of India; Right Reverend James O'Quinn being Bishop of Brisbane, and Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, K.C.M.G.. C.B., Governor of Queensland and its Dependencies; This Foundation Stone of the additions to St. Mary's Churoh, under the title of " The Assumption." He Reverend James John "Horan being Parish Priest of Warwick, was laid by the Very Reverend Dean Dwyer, O.S.B., of Sydney, in the colony of New South Wales; assisted by the Reverend Denis Joseph Byrne, of Dalhy, the Reverend Benedict Scortechini, Parish Priest of Logan, and Reverend Thomas O'Connell, Administrator of Soath Brisbane, on the Feast of Glorious Assumption of the Ever Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, this fifteenth day of August, Jacob llorwits, Esq., being Member of Parliament for War wick ; James M'ffeftchid, fin., Mayor; and Francis Barton Woods, Esq., Town Clerk. The Bev. gentlemen then descended the plat form, and, surrounding the stone, prayers were read by the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, . after which the bottlo containing the records Deacon, and O'Connell was placed in the cavity, the stone was lowered, and, farther praysre having been eaid, was declared duly laid. The clergy then re-ascended the platform, when the Bev. V ather Horan announced bis willingness to receive donations in aid of the building fund. A list having been opened, upwards of £170 was collected in a very short time. Tne proceedings terminated shortly after 1 o'clock. COLONEL BCUATCHLKT, E.E., Inspecting Officer of the Force, ascomp&nied; by Major Moore, and Captain M'Collum, Adjutant, ar rived in town last evening by the late train, and inspected the local Volunteer corps at the Armoury in the Guy-street. Owing to the darkness of the night no evolutions were gone through, but after inspecting the men, arms, and accoutrements, Colonel Scretchley briefly addressed the company, strongly recommend ing them to muBter on all occasions as strongly as possible in order to obtain efficiency in tkeir drill and to enoouroge agvneml interest in the welfare of the corps. Thoeo who were desirous of practising for the annual rifle com petitions would have an opportunity of test ing the Martini-Henry rite as he would give instructions to have a few forwarded for weir use. He further suggested that the armoury i should be enlarged to at least double its pre I sent size, and thi« he would point out to the I authorities. In conclusion ne strongly im pressed upon the men the necessity of keep ! lng their arms as dean as possible, as that i was the most important item in a soldier's * oareer. The Inspecting Officer then ordered | the men to be dismissed, and the proceedings terminated. I The traffic earnings of the Southern aod ! Western railway for the week ending August | 9 show a falling off of £699 17s. 8d. as oom. I pared with the earnings during the corns I ponding week of 1878. On the Central rail { way also the earnings show a comparative ? decrease. As compared with the correspond ing period of 1878 onr railway traffio earnings during the present year, to date, show a falling off of JB8988 3s. 6d. In writing to the last issue of our local contemponuy on the subject of " the late racing dispute," Mr. Jeremiah All man wishes , to " correct an impression that might other 1 wise be oaloulatea to injure him in the es I timation of the public, owing to the report of . the late ract meeting aspublished in the I last iBsue of the Argot." We wish to Bay, in reference to the foregoing, that our report was strictly correct, and that therefore we are not responsible for the impressions it I might create, I IK the Legislative Assembly on Thursday i night last a lively passage at arms took place , between Mr. Groom and the Minister (or , Lands, Mr. Perkins. The question before the House was the second reading of Mr. Groom's Bathurst burr bill, which Mr. Perkins op . posed, and, drifting from the real question under discussion, spoke in terms anything ! but oomplimeatary to the senior member for Toowoomba. Mr. Groom replied at consider able length, in a speeoh which the leading journal has since alluded favorably to, ana during the course of his remarks said the Minister for Lands required to be taught the forms of the Bouse, and that it was a pity he had come there in a half-drunken state to attack him (Mr. Groom). Mr. Perkins replied in still more merciless terms, and during . the heat of the discussion made use of lan guage which we have no doubt he has since felt sony f°i"' Other boa. members now jumped into the breach, some sympathising with Mr. Groom, others alleging that it was he who began the quarrel, and that he there fore deserved all he had got The subject was only dropped when the House divided, the result of the division being that the Bill { was thrown out. WErrrso under date the 18th inst., onr : correspondent at Allorasays:-" The weather ! since my last has been generally fine; the days sunny with cold nights and occasional light frosts. The wheat and other crops look very promising; the crops of wheat in , most of the fields are, as might be expected, I very heavy and rank, but, should the weather hold fine for a time, all will go well I hope. The area of land under wheat in the Allora district this year far exceeds that of any pre vious season, and the farmers are hopeful of | a good return. It is certainly to be hoped bv all that they may not be disappointed. It is rumored here by persons who pretend to know, that some 6000 acres of the best of the Allora exchange lands are to be disposed of by the auction system. If so we may expect to see some fine grass paddocks in the neigh borhood of our town, but good-bye to culti vation. Let us hope, however, that this may only be another effort on the part of rumor to keep up her reputation for untruthful ness." Bt advertisement in another oolumn a meeting of the residents of Swan, Emu, and Farm Creeks, and Eillarney, is convened to be held at the Upper Swan Creek State School I on Saturday evening next, the 28rd inst. at 7 o'clock. The object of the meeting is to pass resolutions urging tne Government to proceed with the survey of a branch line of railway through those diBtriots. The " branch line" infection has at. last seized the residents of this part of the oolony. IT stands to reason that the manufacturer of any class of goods, can supply at a lower rate than the man who has first to purchase those goods. This is plainly diown in the case of Thompson, the Cabinetmaker, who manufactures all his own goods, and, there fore can give a good article at low cost, and Suarantee them with oonfldenoe^-Ware ouse, next Mr. Aland's, Palmerin-street. -[ADVT.] Thk bushranging fraternity appear to be having things all their own way down, in Victoria. Particulars of their last little game are given in the following telegrams from that quarter:-" At a quarter past 10 o'clock on Friday morniag last, the 16th inst., the Lancefield branch of the Commercial Bonk of Australia was stuck up and robbed by two armed men supposed to be members of the notorious Kelly gang. They seised and gagged the accountant of the bank, and stole £500. Further particulars are anxiously awaited. Later.-It transpires that the sum taken from the Lanoefield bank was greater than that at first announced. As soon as the bank was opened in the momin; two men entered, and presented revolvers at Morrison the accountant, cautioning him that if he at tempted to move he would be shot. He was then gagged and secured. One of the men kept watch, while the other oollected all the notes and coin he could obtain, amounting to £730. While this was going on a customer named Musting came in, and he also was bailed up. He had £200 in his pockets, which the robbers were not aware of. These proceedings occupied but veiy little time and the men immediately afterwaids decamped. Carlisle, the manager, was in the yard at the time, and was unaware of what was going on. An impression now prevails that the men were Captain Moonlight and Nesbit. The polioe, under Superintendent Hare, an in pursuit. O'Connor and his black troopers have been ordered from Benalla to Lancefield." Thbouqh the hon, the Colonial Secretary, the National Association is advised that the diploma and gold medal awarded to Mr. Donald Gunn at the Paris Exhibition have been forwarded to the Agent-G-eneral in Lon don,' and will come on here without delay. The French authorities have, we (Courier) learn from documents received from the above sourco, decided " that collective ex-1 hibits and exhibitors receiving awards in. different classes should be entitled to receive in substance the highest medal only out of | those for which they were recommended, and i for all others simple certificates or diplomas." ] Thus, an exhibitor to whom, say, two silver medals and three bronse have been awarded ! will reoeive only one silver medal and five 1 diplomas or certificates. Exhinitors will J scarcely appreciate this "French compli ment." MB, ADAH 8VITH writer? in the last ih«no of our contemporary oompluining that "serious false impressions" concerning him and his house might be causcd by the paragraph which appeared in our last issue relating to the disappearance of Mr. A. S. Baird We. think Mr. Smith takes rather an extreme view of the case; at any rate we can assure him that we had no desire to say anything calculated to injure him. Our notice was founded on what appeared to us to be the best authenticated of tne many rumors float* ing about concerning the unfortunate affair, the correctness of any one of which no one seemed to be able to vouch for. Wb clip the following paragraph from lask Thursday's issue of the Courier, and give it publicity is justice to those whom it concerns, and also in justice to ourselves. Some of our readers will doubtless remember that when we announced in our telegraphic column dur ing exhibition week that the prize for first quality flour had been awarded to the Messrs. Hayes, our local contemporary " corrected" us, saying that our announcement was pre mature. as the prize had been awardea to another firm. Tne extract below proves who was right afid who wrong. We trust that our pugnacious Palmerm- street friend will be more careful in future to look to the correct ness of his own information before accusing us of spreading false reports:-" We are requested by the secretary of the Queensland National Association to state that the award of of first-class merit to Messrs. W. aud C. Hayes* (Warwick,) exhibit of wheaten flour, first quality, has been confirmed, the office records proving the sole blame to lie with the office in not putting in proper entries, as was under takes in writing snould be dose, in reply to Messere. Hayea' instructions/' Tn annual report of the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company, a copy of whioh we have received, displays a po sition of affairs that must be most satisfac tory fa both proprietors and policy-holders. Prom it we learn that the income of the fire department for the year. 1878 amounted to £916,196 Is. M., as against £903,014 5s* 8d. few the previout year; and that the losses during the same period amounted to £472,70115s. 9d», whirh included all Iqbsob actually ascertained and pud, and a full es timate of all claims that W arisen prior to the 81st Docember. After paying a divi dend and bonus of £2 per share, the Direc tors have increased the fire reserve fund and premium reserve to £1,156,690. Comment ing on these figures, the Review, an authority on English insurance matters, says:-"This' ii a position which we venture to say U equalled by few, and excelled by cone. To say that the North British and Mercantile is safer than it was, would be iDa ocurate, for there can be no addition to absolute safety; but to say that it is more powerful and more prosperous every year is not only true, but is becoming monotonous by repetition. It is, however, not an unpleasant subject, and we wish we had to say it more often in the course of a twelvemonth than we are able to do at present. Such colossal corporations as the North British and Mercantile are, how ever, few and far between, and we must only congratulate the managers on the results of their labors, and hold the company up as an example to be followed, and as a refuge where inexperienced assurers may fold their wings and be at peace." Mr. H. B. Le T. | Hubert is the^ local agent of the company. I Thi Imperial Parliament was prorogued on I Friday last, the 16th inst. According to the ! ruume received by cable, the Queen'* Speech, 1 which was comparatively brief* states the relations of the country with the Foreign Powers were not only friendly butoordial. In alluding to the Berlin treaty it states that the stipulations therein continue. to be faithfully executed by the signatories, and expresses satisfaction with the progress made in tho carrying out of the treaty. The calamities of war had hitherto prevented the execution of many reforms in Turkey, but the Government continues to press upon the Sultan the necessity of doing so at an early date. Referring to Egypt, the Speech states that the misgovernment of the country and the neglect of reforms compelled England, in common with other Powers, to insist upon the deposition of the Khedive. Endeavors are being made to obtain a guarantee against any misrule in the future. Beference was also made to the success of the war in Afghanistan with Yakoob Khan* whereby peace and the safety of India were secured, tend the frontiers materially (strengthened. The Queen, also trusts that the recent success in South will speedily lead to the conclusion of a satisfactory and durable peace. After alluding to the various bills passed during the session, the 8peech concludes in the usual manner. , No mention was made of the difficulties in connection with the settlement of the Greek frontier. AT the conclusion of morning service in 8t Mark's Church on Sunday last* the Rev. James Matthews, on behalf of a goodly member of members of the congregation, took occasion to present Miss Illidge with an address and purse of sovereigns in recognition of the services she has rendered to the church as organist during the past fifteen monthB. It was known that Miss Illidge would leave the town with her parents early in the pre sent week, and, as Sunday was the last oc casion on which she would discharge the duties she has so long and so efficiently per formed, the occasion was looked upon as the most suitable one to make the presentation. Below we give a copy of the address, and also a oopy of Miss midge's reply thereto:-" St. Mark's Church, Warwick, August 17, 1879. Dear MisB Illidge,-It is with much regret that we have heard of your departure from Warwick. We desire to assure you that we shall always retain most pleasing recollections ' of the kind and able manner in which you ! have conducted the instrumental part of the church music during the past fifteen months, and we ask your acceptance of the accompany ing purse as a slight recognition of hew we appreciate the hearty way in whioh you first undertook, and have since carried out. so im rtant a portion of the services of the church. e pray that God's blessing may be with you and yours in your new home, vouchsafing to you all health and happiness. Signed in the name, and on behalf, or those whose names are hereunto annexed,; Jambb MATTHEWS, Bector." Miss Illidge implied as follows s " Warwick, Aug. 18, 1879. Dear Mr. Mat thews,-I thank you very much for the letter and the accompanying purse which you gave me yesterday. Will you please convey my best thanks to the members of tho church who have so kindly testified their appreci ation of what I have been able to do in eon nection with the music of the church. It has been a source of real pleasure to me, and I regret very much that my removal from War wick has necessitated my giving it up. Wish ing prou and the church every blessing, both ' spiritual aud temporal, believe me, dear Mr. Matthews, yours very sincerely, Ltjct ESTHER ILLWOS." We understand that Miss Illidge has Binoe written te the Bov. Mr. Matthews, asking him to kindly thank those who sub* scribed to the testimonial with which she was presented. THE Barcoo correspondent of the Courier writes, under date August 1 :-" The bodies af two unfortunates, sebidentifiable, have bees found on Bimera station, on the Thompson, by Mr* H. B. Dutton, with a bank deposit re* ceipt on one body for £80, and a cheque for £40 upoa the other. These poor fellows must have met their end through thirst while travelling over those arid plains undor a I burning sun. The finding of the bodies hag I been reported to the Isisford poline, and vety ' likely magisterial enquiries will be held." Vanity Fair Bays Lord Augustus Loftus is ! very delighted to exchange the post of Am- j baasador at St. Petersburg for his new Aus tralian Governorship, before leaving the Bussian capital he said to some Russian ladies . of the court, " I am going to Paradise, and I f will keep a little place for you. " I am in formed (says the writer) that he ^inj| ever since been inundated by petitions from these ladies protesting their desire, and in some 1 cases their determination, to accompany him i any capacity whatever. A srEciAk meeting of the Municipal Council wai hold"intho Town T^"11 on Monday after noon last, to pass the by-lam presented to the last general meeting by the Legislative Committee.'There were present-jlAeraien j O'Sullivon, Oonnell. Crombie, Qnlnn, ud I Robertson. In the unavoidable absence of the Mayor, Alderman O'Sullivan irai voted to the chair. The Chairman stated that the ; meeting had been called in aeoordanoe with the Local Government Act, which required all new by-laws brought up by the Legis lative Committee to be passed by a special order of the Council at a meeting called for {that pnraose. The Town Clerk then read the ?ropoeed new by-laws, which are for the urther suppression qf the goat nuiaanoe, the ' taxing of travelling shows or entertainments, and for the fencing of vacant allotments. I After some discussion, the by-laws as read l were cased on tbe motion of Alderman , Council, seconded by.Alderman Crombie, and I the proceedings closed. - By advertisement in another column a special meeting to ooxxfinu | the by-laws is colled far September 2. { IT is notified in Saturday's Chmmmmt Qautte that tbe proclamation dated March 1, 1878, notifying that the management of the Warwick Hospital had been assumed by the Government, and appointing a committee of management, will be revoked on and after September 30. A second notification in tbe same issue states that Messrs. John Donald Macansh and Charles H. Green and the Polioe Magistrate at 'Warwick for the time being have been appointed members of tbe com mittee. of management of tbe institution. These steps have been.taken, we suppose, ia pursuance of a determliiKtion- expressed by the Colonial Secretary in the Ifooe some short time back that the management of the institution would be Riven over by Govern ment. We recollect Out the pnnmpal'cnu» which led the Committee to hand the institu tion over to Government was the refusal of the late Ministxy to pay the amount off^ subsidy local subscriptions collected entitled it to. Tbe present Government, however, appear to think that the institution ia cosf ing the coimtiytoo much, and have decided to make the r««ident>-a{ the. district contri bute more liberally to its support. We have no objection whatever to contribute & fair proportion of the expenses of maintenance* but we have a roost decided objection to be ing called upon to. pay the whole of it. 