THE MONTH . \-------.---------- As is usually the case after the prorogation of Parliament political exoitement has con- siderably abated, though until the final departure of the Assembly's delegates to England the heat of conflict did' ndt quite pass away. A great deal of work had to be got through before the Premier and his associate could leave, and tho re-adjustment of offices marked the conclusion of a very busy period. Mr. W. Collard Smith, Minister of Education and of Mines, retains . tho former office, and adds to it the duties of. Treasurer, hitherto discharged by Mr. Berry. Mr. Liongmore, Minister of Lands., takes the Mines, and will try the experi ment which has long been demanded by the . public of working them together. The Chief Secretary's business will be transacted . by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, the Attorney. ?. General, and thus the posts will remain .'..-.. until' the return of the ambassadors. Prior to .their departure on the impor tant mission assigned to them, a banquet was given to Mr. Berry and Professor Pear son by a. number of their friends, whioh was unfortunately somewhat marred by the maladroit action of the committee . ' . . to whom the management of the affair was entrusted. ? These gentlemen, more . ' ? enthusiastic than ' wise, desiring that the; demonstration to the Liberal leaders Bhould be a national one, proposed to carry those . desirous of being present at the banquet over the Government lineB of ..railway;- for a merely nominal sum. In an evil hoar, and following an ? ? evil . example ? whioh had been set by a previous Government, the Kailway de ' partment consented to the plan. A great . outcry was raised by the Opposition, and not without; cause, for it was plain to every one that - the - proposal was tantamount to : employing the . State property for party ? ? ends, and no doubt some persons looked forward to purohaBing banquet tickets . as a means of obtaining a cheap trip to the metropolis. The Liberal press . ??' joined1 in the condemnation, and it was then arranged that Ministers out of their own pockets should reimburse the Bail way de partment, and thus the blunder ended. The banquet itself was a great Bucoess. ? * More than 700 gentlemen sat down to dinner in the Town Hall, the balconies of whioh were orowded with ladies. Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson delivered, the first n spirited, tho second a polished sueeoh, 'both of which were received with . tremendous cheering. The chief subjeot of Mr. Berry's speech was an important dea patch from Sir Miohael Hicks-Beach to the -Governor, in which Sir Miohael referred . to the possible fact of his having to receive an 'embassy upon the reform question, ex pressing himself hopeful that the matter ? : would be settled without his intervention. ' He promised when all other means were ex . hauated to give the delegates his best at tention. Mr, Berry in dealing with the sub ject referred to In the despatch from the Colonial Office contended that all possible means of compromise have 'been exhausted, and that the only means of averting national disaster is to ap. pqaltp the British Government, the con duct of tho Council in the past and during : the late diaoussion of reform having been of ; such a charaotor as to dissipate all hope of . cpnoilifttioB. : The :r grounds upon which the appeal is. ,.apw made to;- the Home Government have beexi briefly summed up in a Mir uistorial : memorandum generally uudor ? stood to. be from the pen of Professor \- -Pearaqn, which replies to the deiiant ni^ni \- - ' f eatd pub forward by the Council with- the ? . f orqiblo eloquence of facts plainly expresapd. i^Yhonit is remembered that move than' * eighiy bills have beeq thrown put, and four deadlocks caused by the Upper House vdurjng the last twenty-two years tbe con? ? aiaten,t obatructivenesa of that body is easjly proved. It was by tho power of the Coun oil alone that State aid to Religion was .- «nain.tained for fifteen years in dofianoe of ' : the' wishes of the people, and it is ? the ? ' . ,'same body whioh has now for more '???'?' illim twenty years rejected, every : moasure for mining on private property. ' ? With fluoh examples as this of the obstinacy ' with which the Upper House defies tho' .popular will, it may be seen how. baseloss is ?..tho assertion that it confines itself to the '„?,.'?.?..??-? ? privilege of tho House of Lords. Tho Vic torian Couuqil possesses aud continually ex -erases an absolute veto which is not pos sessed by the Lords, bub ^vhioh makes an Upper Chamber, though only representative of ^ olasv virtually the.1 governing -.power: in the colony. To transfer the superior power to the Assembly, which represents the whole people, and thus place it in thb same position as the House of Commons, is the object of the present embassy. Declining the offer of a public demonstra tion which was tendered to them, Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson were accom panied on board the mail Bteamer by the members of the- Ministry and a largo number of members of Parliament and repre sentative civilians. la reply to a deputa tion of working moo, Mr. Berry expressed his great regret at departing from the colony, and declared that it was only the necessities of the situation which forced him to put aBide his personal inclinations in order that tho question of reform might he pushed to its ultimatum. The mail steamer was ac companied a short distance down the Bay by a steamor with the friends of the delegates on board, until at last, with a ringing cheer to enoouraRO them, the ambassadors bade farewell to Victoria. In the courso of the voyage Mr, Berry mid Professor Pearson will devote themselves to tho preparation of their case, while Mr. H. H. Hayter, tho secretary to . the- em bassy, and Government Statist, will be oc cupied in arranging his facts and figures so as to show European capitalists the security we offer them for our loan which is to be put upon the market in two or threo months. Shortly before the departure of the embassy - the Conservatives endeavored to ridioule it by bringing forth, ostensibly under the aus pices of working'men, a negro well known to the public as Henderson Africanus, a keen politician, accustomed to frequent mass meot ings and to take an active part in cleotions. Having clothed tikis Henderson Afrioanus somewhat decently he was provided with a Be oretary, with whom he waited on the Governor several times but without obtaining an audi ence. A banquet was given to him, and it was announced that his passage was taken for England. Such was not the faot, however, for Henderson was refused a cabin on board the mail steamer, as his party began to see that they had carried tho matter already too far. The unfortunate actor of the joke, however, persists in regarding the whole affair in a serious light, and has become very piteous in his appeals to his late supporters, who are very diffident about having their' names discovered, and show anything but a desire to come forward, either pecuniarily or in person, at the call of their puppet. The outlawed Kellys, who murdered the three policemen, are still at large, and the £2500 placed on theirheadsremainsinthepub lib treasury. Of late the police have arrested a number of men suspected of being their ac complices, and have had them detained in gaol while they make one more effort to sur round the gang, who, after their successful robbery of the bank at Euroa, seem to have retired into the mountain fastnesses. The public are greatly dissatisfied with the want of sucoeBS of the police, and it is known that the Government are contemplating such change* as sb,all make tho force efficient. It appears that centralisation is the great evil under whfch the men have boon laboring, and that everything has been directed from Melbourne, thus thrusting the local officers into the background, aud impairing the dia oipline of the men. The detectives have fallen in for their share of blame too, for not only have they failed to trace the woman who disappeared from Col lingwoad mysteriously some- months back, hub they have also' suffered Martin YYfberg, the carpenter, who. accomplished th.e robbery of gold from the Avoca nearly two. years ago, to escape. Being released, from prison in order to guide tho detectives to, a place in Gippalaud where he asserted that ho had concealed a number af tho stolen sovereigns, ho made use of his freedom and the carelessness of those in charge of hyp to escapo into a dense scrub. Since then ho b.aa not been heard of. The effect of this contempt in whioh tho polico arc held, and the weakening of the metropo litan force in order to strengthen the bands' in search of the Kellys, has been shown by an increase of assaults and an outbreak of larrikinism in various quarters whioh will take some time to thoroughly subdue. The plans of the Church of England Ca thodral, sent out by Mr. Butterfield, have been severely . oritioisad by colonial arohi tcots, who were not invited to enter into competition for the design, and though thoy have . nafi had an . opportunity \gf. diB pljaying their own constructive- abilities, it', has been oonolusively showji that the edHicoi- Ab propose*,- ia defective in rrfaiiy respeots. The Bishop, however, expresses himself dflfcerinined to adhere to it, with -a few alterations. ' ' : ? ' ''? ' . The Seamen's Strike iu Sydney has for tunately terminated witijoufc an appeal |p force 6a either side. The company . pjedge themselves to employ only a limited! number of Chinese and to reinstate the meri at their former wages, and with these pledges the men are satisfied. The agitation against Chinese cheap labor originating in this dis pute is likely to lead to legislation both here and in New South Wales, Sirff. Parkes, the new Premier in that colony, has promised to place a poll tax on Chinese immigrants, and it is understood that the Ministry will in troduce a somewhat similar provision here next sessiou. The object of these provisions will be to preserve Australia for Europeans instead of allowing an iufiuxof Chinese to take possession pf this continent, as they might do with comparative ease eventually . by their sagaoitvj industry and numbers com bined. ' ' ' ??' ?? The holiday season has . come and gone. Fortunately the weather was cool and fine ou all the available days of recreation, and the people of the colony entered into their amusements with the universal zest and abandon for which they are becoming proverbial. Excursions, picnictfand sports in all directions sorved.to show that, in spite of the financial depression at present felt all over the world, Victorians were able to enter heartily into enjoyment, and take full advantage of the season. One of. the greatest attractions has been oricket. In the first place there was a match between a Victorian fifteen and Lord Harris's English Eleven, which resulted in the victory of the latter. The great contest was between tho Australian Eleven, just returned from their victorious Anglo- American oareer, who had since beaton. a Viotorian fifteen, and the English Eleven, led by Lord Harris. In this match luck was against the Englishmen, who only just escaped a one innings defeat, being beaten by ten wickets. After this came a match between an eleven of the Melbourne Club and an eleven froin. Christohurcb, New Zealand, in which the visitors proved themselves good players, but not sufficiently strong for- the local team. On New Year's day there was some very good racing, and altogether the holidays passed iu a most delightful manner. During the month the usual Christmas pieoes have been presented at the various theatres. At the Royal, Jack the Giant killer, with whioh is incorporated Who Killed Cock Robin? has been placed upon the stage. It has been especially adapted for the management, and contains a large number of local allusions and hits. The chief feature of the entertainment is the scenery, painted by Mr. John Henninga, his panorama of Rhino views being especially good. The transform mation scene is brilliant in color and Dutch metal, and is effective in design. There is the usual assemblage of hobgoblins, nympha.and amazons, th6 march of the last-named in re splendent armor being speot&cular; in effect. In the Harlequinade several new tricks are introduced. The programme at the Prinoe of Wales's Opera Houso consists of Pluto ; or, Harlequin Bo-peep. The business is sprightly and the dialogue full of points and puns. The fountain, illuminated with variouscolored lime-lights, forms a moat attractive portion of the - entertainment ; and the Baby Harlequin ade is a novelty in its way. At the Academy of Music an original dramatic and musical fairy spectacle balled Alfred the Great has. been represented. The plot deals with tho episode of the English king's so journ in the dwelling of the swineherd, his neglect in attending to the baking of the cakes, and hja subsequent victory over the Danish kiug, who figures as a dyspeptio sort of Hamlet. Merlin, O heron, Titania, Puok and fairies galore are introduced. The dialogue' is smartly written, without any attempt at word- torturing ; ' and the author has abstained from dragging in the usual vulgar a{hisions to social aud political events. The music has beon carefully and judioiously selected from tho words of the best operatio composers and lyric writers, while popular inusio has not been forgotten, such as Here stand u a. Post, The Gallants pf England, and Tho Pope he Leads a jolly Life. Several pretty songs. hn.re been specially composed for tho extrava ganza by Mr. Alfred Plumpton, the musical director. The costumes are at ' the same time rloh and tasteful, and some of the soenery (a picturesquely appropriate, and the ballet is most effeotive. The Princess Theatre was;fe«opene'd- by Mr. L. M. Bay less, with Unole Tom's Cabin, whioh served to intro duce the Georgia Minstrels. Under the Gaslight wios then played, and npwMrs. Mary Gladstone is performing in a round of her favorite characters, supported by a young American actor, Mr. Theo. Hamilton. An original farce, entitled Thb Three Ambassa dors, and .intended as a burlesque upon the embassy of the Chief Seoretary to England, has also been put upon the stage. The author, without being offensive, is humor ous ; the piece, however, bears the imprint of hurried composition, and bub little pains has been bestowed upon its mounting. The boards of St. George's Hall have heen ocoupied by a troupe of lady minstrels, called the Blondenettes. Some of the com. pany sing fairly, and the corner ladies, if not gifted with humor, are full of vivaoity. Miss Lily Alliaton, one of the company, is a very oapablo burlesque actress. D'Aroy Read's Ghost has been walking at the Athenaaum Hall, where tho holiday entertain ment has consisted of the burlesque of Beauty and the Beast, and the Haunted House. At the Monday popular promenade concerts the pianoforte performance of Ma dame Carlotta TaBca has evoked unqualified approval. Mr. David Lee's weekly organ recitals in the Town Ball continue to be patronised by large and appreciative au diences. . - ? An Executive Council waa held at the Treasury on 10th Jan., when Parliament was further prorogued until th.e, 22nd. February. Preparation! are already .being made for the departure of Sir George Bowon for the Mauritius, which event wjlltako place ou the 22nd February. Arrangements have been entered into with regard to securing the passages. It is intended that the Mar quis of Normanby, who will arrive on the 24th, shall receive a suitable welcome, and it is expected 'that members of all political parties, will join in the demonstrations with I whioh the new Governor ia to be received. I The revenue returns of the oolony for the quarter and year ended 3lst Decen ber last were published in the Government Gazette issued on 3rd Jan. , and are eminently reassuring as to the financial condition of the colony. The revenue for the quarter amounted to £1,138,106 11s. 3d., whioh waa an increase, as compared with the corres pouding quatter of last year, of £37,284 13s. 3d. The receipts from all sources for the year were £4,595,307 5b. Id., as against £4,512,261 2b. 3d. for the year ending 31st December, 1877, thus showing an increase of £83,046 2a. lOd. for the past year. The principal items upon which this gratifying inorease has taken place are — Sugar and molasses, £25,101; fruits, £6811 j live stock, £10,386 ;. land tax, £179,537 ; lands reoeipts, £19,772 ; rail ways, £105, 166 ; Yan Yean water supply, £4947 ; postage and money orders, £7040 ; eleotrio telegraph, £4069 ; sale of Govern ment property, £5647. Tho ohief items of decrease are— Spirits, £22,781 ; wine, £3678; tobacco, £8S95 ; malt, £4212 ; ad valorem dutios and other articles, £105,931 ; whar fage rates, £40,577 ; succession' duties, £36,954 ; auction sales of Crown lands, £16,143 15a. 4d. ; pastoral occupation, £848 V; interest on public account,' £16,034 ; interest on loans to local bodies, £10,333. Sir William Jcrvois's report as to the do fences of the colony has been received by the Government, and was dealt with at tho Cabinet Council on 8th in9t. It re. oommends that a movable target should be - placed outside the Heads,. so aa to enable the garrisons at the Queenscliff and Point Nepeau batteries to obtain the amount of practice necessary to make them efficient should an enemy appear. It suggests that an old vessel mi«ht be used for the purpose, or else that a target should be built of light material, represent- I ing the portions of a man-of-war that I would be exposed if in action. It is tho in- I tentiou of the Government that one of these I schemes shall be carried out. I The oo-operation of the whole of tho Aus- I tralasian colonies, together with the Ocoanio I and Polynesian settlements, baa been invited to aid in the forthcoming Melbourne Inter national Exhibition. Promises of assistance are reaching the commissioners daily, and from, the enthusiasm manifested in the under taking by intending exhibitors there appears to be little room to doubt the ultimate suc oeas of the exhibition. Tho following assur ing communication has been received by the j chairman of tho intercolonial oornmittee, bir Samuel Wilson, M.L.C. :— 'Colonial Secro' tary's office, Brisbane,- 30th December, 1878. — I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17tU mat., and I have to thantt I you for the proapootua of the Melbourne ? interuation&l; Exhibition, 1880, which was ? onolosod. I can undertake at once to Bay I that the proposed International Exhibition at ? Melbourne in_ 1S80 is viewed with great ? jnboreat by this Government, and by the I people of Queensland. I cannot yet say how I wo shall be represented at Melbourne, nor I to what extent \ve shall be able to contri ? bute to yonr Exhibition, but I beg to assure ? ~ you that the subject will receive the atten ? tiou of the Government, with a view to ? obtain authority from Parliament for the I requisite expenditure. — X have the honor to ? be, &o.;, Johbt Douglas.' . ? The Government have placed themsolveB I in communication with the Governments of ? New South Wales and South Australia in ? reference to the proposed abolition of the H border duties chargeable on the land and B river frontiers of the respective colonies. B Power was given to deal with the subjeot by B the Customs Aot Amendment Act, passed ? last sossion, and it is probable that a confer. I enoe on the subject will be' propoaod should ? a suitable basis bo decided upon and the B other two colonies interested foel iuoliuod to ? resort to that mode of procedure. Should a B conference be determined upon it will pro B bably take place in Sydney, whither Mr. B Lolor, the Commissioner of Castoms, will ? proceed as representative of Victoria. I Tho P. and O. Company's akeaniBhlp ? TaDJore, with tho Suez mail, arrived on I the 3rd inst., fully four days within oontraot I time. Although not having been notified ass I passing Cape Ofcway, or entering the Heads, I tho -officers of the mail department were I on the alert, and in less than twenty I minutes after dropping the anohor in I Hobaon's Bay the Melbourne portion I . of the mail, consisting of 238 packages,' I waa got out and landed at Sandridge. I A meeting of the professorial board of I . the Universityof Melbourne was held onTues I day, 31st Dec., for the purpose of Battling I the lists of the late inatrlaulation and civil I service examinations. This was tho largest I ' examination of the kind, except one, I ever held at the University. ' On this I oooasion there were 585 candidates, whilst I onoe previously there were 590. Of those I who presented themselves for examination I 224 passed for matriculation, six with credit, I whilst 260 passod the civir service oxatuina I tion. The Government havo recently had under consideration the intended removal of the Melbourne Gaol. It was ex pected that arrangements would have been I so far advanced as to have enabled the work ! . of dismantling the buildins to have been I commenced very shortly. After giving the I Bubjoob careful consideration, however, the' 1 Cabinet have determined that nothing what I ever shall be done without Parliament being I consaltod. Very strong opinions were ex I pressed by many hon. members on the sub I ject last session, and a strong feeling pro. I vailed that a work involving so great a saori I fice of . public money as this, if carried out, I undoubtedly will, should not bo decided I upon until tho Assembly had considered the I question by the light of ' the fullest informa I turn that it is possible to obtain. It is in I deferenoo to. the opinion of the House that I the Government has determined to further I delay the work. I The reclamation of the large area of land I hitherto known as the West Melbourne I swamp appears to havo been completed, and I the advantages which are expected to be I derived from this source are considerable, I - and must seriously affect the well-being of I the district. The land will bo formed into I divisions, and regulations will bo prepared for I its use in the grazing of cattle. At present I the soil is permeated with saline matter, and I ; since the water was drained off it has become I ? excessively parched, tho huge cracks in the I ' ground sufficiently indicating the contrac I tion and solidification of the clay from. I heal; and- the want of a heavy rain I to- bring the land into a proper oondition. ? Some of those portions which at one time ? were constantly immersed in wator to a I depth of a couple of feet are now tho driest, i Prom a sanitary point of view the drain age is a great success, though it is question* : able whether it can be rogarded as being likely to prove a suocess financially. The inhabi tants of that district will no longer bo able to opmplain of noisome vapors, obnoxious to health, arising from a miry bog, or that the cows whose milk they have to drink aro constantly wallowing up to thoir bellies in mud and filth, and feeding on garbage. About a thousand milch cows are 'kept in. the vioinity of Hotham and Fleraington, of whioh probably five hundred graze in tho West Melbourne swamp. This number, at Is. ? Cd. per week, the sum whioh will pro . bably be charged, will bring in a revonue of nearly £2000 per annum. . A large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at the Public Library on 9th inst. to witness the presentation, by Mr. W. J. 'Clarke, M.L.O., of the statues of her MajeBty the Queen, the late Prince Consort, the Prince of WaleB, and the Princess of Wales, Whioh reoontly arrived here from England, Mr.. Clarke, in making tho presentation, expressed his gratification in doing so, and also hia regret at tho recent death of Mr. Summers, the sculptor, by Whom they had been exeouted. Sir Kedmond Barry thanked Mr. Clarke on behalf of the trustees, and referred to. his great g«neroiity and public spirit in support- L I ing all kinds of oharities, publio or private He also took the opportunity -of expressing his views on the question of opening the library and museum on Sundays, and was of opinion that it would be most desirable that it should be dono, in order that the large number of people who cannot find the opportunity of visiting the institu tion on week days might be enabled to reap the advantages to be derived from it. In conclusion, he presented Mr. Clarke with a formal resolution of tho trustees, thanking Mr. Clarke for his handsome donation. The statues havo been placed with several similar works of art, including Marshall Woods's Daphne andM'Dowal's Eve, in one of the ante-rooms to tho right of the en trance. They were inspected eagerly, and evidently muoh admired. A number 'of seamen, residing at Sand ridge, held a demonstration on 4th January, against a proposed reduction in the rate of their wages. About forty of them assembled, at about eleven o'olock in the morning, and marched in procqssion to Melbourne, where they paraded some of the principal streets, carrying a banner. In reply to some ques tions tho men stated that they belonged to the class of sailors who were usually em ployed on ships trading between Australia and England. Their wages were about to be reduced to £5 per. month, whioh they considered much lower than could possibly be tolerated, and they had' determined therefore to make a stand. The question has no oonneotion with the dispute respeot ing the employment of Chinamen. It is stated that the seamen aro likely to reoeive the active support of the boardinghouse keepers of Williamstown and Sondridgo, who are able- materially to- assist them in maintaining a strike. The Government have decided that a grand review of the whole of the naval and military forces shall take place at Easter. The scene of operations will be at the Heads, and the shores of the Bay in the immediate vieinity. The' Commandant has received instructions to prepare, in conjunction with Captain Mandeville, a scheme by means of which the time to be devoted to the. manoeuvres may bo best utilised as a moans of affording practical instruction to the forces. The idea originally emanated from the Commandant, who considered that, as the Heads would in the case of actual warfare be the most important position to bo defended, the forces should have some practical instruction in _ those branches of their duties .with which it would be of paramount importance that they should be perfectly familiar. Tho letter- carriers of Melbourne and the suburbs on Saturday, Jan. 4, celebrated the anniversary of their Saturday half-holiday by a dinner, in Hookin's Hotel, Elizabeth street. After dinner speeches were delivered', and compliments were paid , by nearly all the speakers to Mr. Patterson, for the man ner in .which he had administered the de partment during his term of office. Mr. Patterson acknowledged the compliments. Ho referred to the reforms that had been made in the office, and spoke of his intention in the future to do all in his power to make the postal service the great convenience it should be to the community. . The proceedings at the weekly meeting of the committee of the Immigrants' Aid So oiety were agreeably diversified on the 27th December, when the formal business was brought to a close the committee ad journed to the women's diningroom in the old buildings, where the presents sent from England for tho schoolchildren in the home by Mr. Wm. Peterson, of Melbourne, who is at present in England, were set out on a handsome Christmas Tree placed in the centre of the room, and decorated with colored lanterns. Tho childron numbered, about 100, and there were also present a number of ladies and gentlemen who take an interest in the school. The little ones presented a remarkably clean and healthy appearance, and were evidently highly pleased with the unusual treat afforded them. Ahyinn having boen sung, Mr. Alfred Woolley dis tributed tho prizes, commencing with the more valuable ones, consisting of hand somely-bound volumes, workboxes, desks, sets of chessmen, &c;, whioh wore awarded as special prizes to those ohildren who had distinguished themselves in a more than ordinary manner. The toys with whioh the Christmas Tree was loaded wero then given away, each child receiving one. Tho ohil dren were greatly excited and highly de lighted with thoir gifts, and a very pleasant evening was spent by all who participated in the distribution. At the meeting of the Presbytery of Mel bourne on the 7th of January, Messrs. W. M. Alexander, J. A. Taylor, W. L. Fonton, A. M'Loan and A. M 'Donald, theo logical students, having finished their theological course, and successfully passed the trials prescribed to them, wero lioeneod by the moderator in the usual way as preaohers of tho church. The Rev. Daniel Lordon, who has officiated as curate at St. Francis's Church, Lonsdale. street, for the last sixteen yoars, died at tho Presbytery on Christmas morning, from para lysis. Fathor Lordon, who was a nativo of county Cork, spent about eleven years in the West Indies as a missionary. He oamo to Viotoria twenty years ago, and for two years was a professor in St. Patrick's College. The deceased rev. gentleman wtva 1 a learned scholar and theologian, of quiot and retiring habits, who passed his whole life in the scrupulous discharge of duty. Ho was chaplain to tho Melbourno gaol for some years before. hiB death. The deceased was sixty-six years of ago. On 26th December an office and high mass for the dead were celebrated in St. Franois's Church. Arch bishop Goold presided, and seventeen clergy men assisted. Subsequently the remains were interred in the vaults of the Catholic mortuary chapel in tho Melbourne General Cemetery. It is confidently expected by the contrao tors for the construction of the railway to. Queenscliff that the line will be quite ready by April. The rails are now laid for a' dis tance of seven miles from Geelong, and . the locomotive runs to the Kensington-hill in conveying ballast, &c;, for the line. The continuous brake invented by tho Commissioner of Railways appears to be at tracting considerable attention in other countries, especially on the European oonti-' nent. By the last mail Mr. Woods reoeived a communication from the ?' Circolo Italiano del Progresso,' at Naples, informing him that in recognition of his invention he bad. been awarded a gold medal of honor of the lirst degree, and unanimously elected a vice* president of the society.: . ' ? 