COLONIAL. (Fhom ouh OWN OolUmsrONDENT.) BRISBANE. Tho traffio earniugs for tho wcokshow a deoreaBO for tho corresponding weok of Inst yenr ou tho Southern and Western Railway ol £114 ; and on tho Control Railway an increase of £3 IGa. Police Court.— At tho Polico Court on . Saturday last a man ohurgod with drunkonuoss and disorderly oondact was finod 6s. with tlio altoruativo of twenty-four hours' imprisonment' Tueatue Royal.— Although " Anrora Floyd'' is 0110 of tuo woakoet or sensational drainnB, it iuvariubly attraots a largo audiouco, and tho soats on Saturday' night showed that it had lost none of its "drawing" qualitios, for tho lourtniu draw up ou a well-filled house, and thoso present tostified that they fully upprc- cintod tho efforts of tho D.P. Ycry little oall .in mado iu tho play, with two or threo excep tions, upon tho power of tho actors— Softy, Mrs. Powell, and Mat, Harrison, being its most prominont oharaotors. Miss Stephenson, as " Aurora," makes as muah of tho horoine as possible ; sho beats the gold into us thin a leaf us is pruotioublo ; it is a part entiroly unworthy 'of hor powors, and givos-her but low opportu nities of exhibiting them; but hor throe or oucue w«iu muLUui'uutiy yiuyeu> and rcoeivod tho heartiost ' applause. Miss Potty Holt's Mrs. Powoll was nn. doubtodly tho moBt ably oonceivcd, and tho host o.irricd out wo have seen for many yoars ; tho very kind, too kind, jealous haartod, vindictive " oompanion" of a lndy of whoEe superiority, in a worldly sense of tho word, pho was joalous, could not bavo been bettor represented. But tho groat obaraotor of tho drama is Stovo Hnrgronvcs' (tbo Softy), and admirably ho was .played by Mr. J. Hosford. Crafty, ferocious, and wlion oxcitod passionato to maduoss. Softy is ou intou-sely disgusting obaraotor, without ono rodoaming feature ; shedding blood wktb as littlo - hesitation as wator; bis only fear boing dotection,' and bis two guiding passions being rovengo nnd lovo of money, ho still requires an aotor of abilities and judgmont to bring. him out in his trno colors ; and Mr. Hosford was quito equal to tho ocoasion, and his couoontratod — tcotb-grinding if wo may so; say— crawling pioturo, waa in ovory sonso of tho word noting, and took tho audiouco by surprise. Mr. T. O. Mortyno played tho unintorosting part of, Squiro Hellish woll and carefully, but thoro is littlo soopo in tho character for tho display of nbilitios of ovou au ordinary nature. Mr. J. J. Kennedy camo iu for tho lion's share of tho applauao ns Mat Harrison, nnd quito dosorvod it. Mr. A. It. Clinton's Mr. Floyd, Mr. H, Oostello's Talbot Bulstrodo, and Mr. J. A. Patterson's Jam Couyors wore all that coithl bo desired; and Mr. Thos. O'Brien oau.-ed much merriment by his olovor ronclcring of tbo " flunkey" Wilson. Miss F. lloga rs and Mr. T O' Prion snug " Money Matters" (in tho Musical Intorlndo) oharmingly, and an onooro was loudly called for. Miss Patty Hoi t was equally successful in hor "Dnnco of all b rations," T. Byron's popular drama " The Laii cnahiro Lass" will bo pcrformodto-uight' Distdiot CounT. — Tho sittings of tho Distriot Court oominpnqo.' at 10 o'olook this morning before His, ilqnor Judge Blako. Tho list of caBok'for. trial apponrpdiin our ieouo of Satnr- ' day. His Honor Judgo Blako was oxpootod S hit'. Mm VOilfirmolnti/l . nn . Qntm-lnr lull lln was not o pnBaonghr by- tbnt boat. Ho will moBt lilcoly aoino up by tho (lircot boat, and roach boro by tho Buuyip this morning. Tub HoswTal- — A special mooting of tho Committoo of tlio Port Curtis nnd Luiohhardt Distriot Hospital will baJipld at 4 o'clock this 1 afternoon, to oonsidor.-the'lrtpplioaliouB for. tho _ appoiutmont of RoBldont Surgeon, Pudlio Nuisances, — It is gonornlly under stood thnt when pooplo attend a theatre, thoy aro there for tlio purposa of boing nmusod, and not for that- of annoying both audionoo and ' aotors. Ou soyoral oocasions lntoly, wliilo tho ; pioco was going forward, poraons upstairs iinvo ; shown tlioir oxquisito good tnsto, by doing ovory thing in thoir powor to draw nttontion to their porformuncos and senseless giggling and ohnttor, to, tho. intoiiBo disgust of thoso boforo and behind tbo " lights." On Saturday ovon ing, tho nuisanoe was so great aud ooutinnons, that Mr. Hosford vory properly informed tho ninnies that, if tlioy did not bo quibt, thoy would bo forthwith ojeoted, If tlio porsouB wo ref or to know ho v/' snporlntivoly ridioiilous thoy nppoared, aftor being repeatedly requested to bo qaiot, it is just possiblo thoy would havo restrained from making Buoh publio exhibitions of tbomsolvos. Thoy may rest assured the nudiohco did not pay thoir monoy to listen to, or look nt, tho in ; or, if tl.oy did, thoy innet havo bcon blossed with 'remarkably quoer tastes. Perhaps our Inspootoi of NuisanocsS will oooasionally drop in nt tho Ihoatre, ' 8O1100L or Anis.— A vory gnat many dis liolieviug pcoplo in this world dmy altogothor that thoro are suoh things as ghosts, but if thoro bo any sueli in Bookhampton, thoy will- havo an opportunity of having tlnir doubts dis- polled, by attending tho Sohool of Arts to night What tho " gliost is like ; and wbithor it is tho ghost of Admiral Hosior, of GilosSoroggins, of Miss Bailoy, or of Fuselli's Plan, wo aro iu happy iguornuco. Aftor tho " ghost" is laid, thoro will bo other entertainments, by tlio Politi Coraoily Company. Oiuoket.— A mntoh was playbl on Saturday last botwoon' two elovous rop:osoutiug tho Rookbampton- - and Fitzroy Cricket Olubs, Only ono innings of ouoh was played,' leaving tho Bookhampton Club tho viotors. Tho BQOOud innings will bo playnl on Saturday next. Tbo followiug aro.tbo roorok for Satur day's play :— First Innings, RC. : V. S. Hall (anptniu), b A, Crow, 12 ; WijJ. Authouy, 0 A. Crow, b Biirtlouij'10 ; H.,Boldeman, b A. Crow, 1 ; F. Boldoinan, b Xartlom, 0 ; O. T. Bowman, b A, Crow, G; 0. Boldoman, 0 Mayno, b Smaliwood, '12 ; Pi 'Milford, b A. Crow, 6 ; A. J. Haswoll, 0 Mayno, b A Crow, 0 ; T. T. Faunco, run out, 16; H. 8. Martin, 0 Bartlom, b Smaliwood,' 4; "M. Kaiue, not out, 2 ; suudrios, If ; total, 86. — . First innings,' Fitzroy 0.0. .J. Yatos, b F. 1 Boldoman, 0 ; J: Bartlom, bF. Boldoman, 5 ; A. Crow, b F. Boldoman, 9 ; J. B. Mills, b F. Boldoman, 0 ; D. Mayno (captain), b Hy, ! Boldoman, 2 ; H. Fitzmauriaq b F; Boldomam 4 ; F. Smith, b F, Boldoman, 0 ; F. Ohoeliiro, b F. Boldoinnu, 2 ; G. B. Jonos, run out, 1 ; J. It. Kelly, 0 G. Boldomnu, bF. Boldoman) Gi J.' Smaliwood, not out, 0; sundrios, 7» total, 3G. Mr. MaodonalD' PAtfinsoN.— The spoooh of tho sonior member for Rodthampton (Mr.; Pattison) dosorvod more spnos than waa givon; it in Friday's " Haiisard," It was an ovou and delibernto viow of tbo quostionat issno, quiotly ' dolivorod. and woll worth tlio ittontlnn of lion. ' meaihors ou both sides 6: tho House. — Courier . .Who is he.—" Thoro ' is, in tho prosont Ministry (say tho Queensland Times) a jovial, good-hearted, sooiahlo sort of follow. Ho is at ' all times a " hail-follow wol mot," and thoro is a deal df iugonnousnoss uhinthim. I havo hoard ono or two auocdotet oouocming tho hou gontlomau which, if truo, fully boar out all that is said about him. Oio morning just aftor taking oliargo of bis office, a formidablo bundle of papors were brongit to tho now Miniator for porusal. Ho proeodod at ouoo to digest thorn, but, when ho lnd got through two or threo, ho felt that somi stimulant was required for such work na that, and lio suddonly cnllod out to his mder-soorotary," ' como anil havo a drink !' Tho hour was rather eurly for" liquoring' up, " but, not wishing to nppoav imaoeinble, t'ho invitation was accoptoil and tho Minister and his suh- ordiuato proeeedod to tlio nearest "pub." aud bail a "wet." Ou roturniiijf, - tho Minister again tacklod tho papors, hut thoir contcuts must havo boon unusually dry, for ho had not beou long seatoil whon tho Undor-Soorotury was uguiu astonished to bear, from tho Miuistor.'s eauotum, tho unusual, but uono tho loss cordial, iuvitution, 1 , como and bare anothor drink I" Tbo iivitntion iu this instnuoe, howovor, was refusal, tho sooond in commaud mildly oxpostuhtlng with his superior oh tho bnd.effeots inch a course of i proccduro would have on thucmployoos in tho department. Tho Minister's good nature was disposed to o'er loap tho bounis of disorotion ; but tlio wiser counsels of his subordinate prevailed, and tbo pleasure cf another drink was oxporiouood at a later hour of tbo day." Who ouui thiB "jovial goad-hoartod hail- fellow-woll-met " bo? Wty Buzacott,, of course — ho.looks it. — Ed. na. A Motheb's Claim,' — The Now South Wales ooVrespobdent' writos: — A curious application was mado lust Friday before Sir William : Manning, in Chambers, for a writ of habeas corpus, oalling upon tbo Rov. Father O'Donnoll to deliver up tbo body oi Denis Long, a boy ugod 7 yenrs, to his mother, Mary Long. Tho mother, a Protestant, had mnrriod a Roman - Catholic, and aftor somo yoars of disagreement thoy wore soparatod, tho mothor taking two girls, aud tho father tho boy already mentioned, Tho fathor died in courso of timo, having ffrst given Father O'Dounell a " lonso" of tbo boy to cduoato him und bring liirn up in tho Roman Catholic faith. Siuoo tho doath of tho fathor, Fathor O'Donnell bad retained oustody of tho boy in spitu of tho repeated applications of ' tho mother, who wob not allowed even to know his whoccabouts. Tho Judge mado au order for tho restitution of tho boy, holding that tho " lcaBo" was no adequate bar against, the mother's claim. WEinuna Captured.— A telegram from Molbouruo in Tuesday's S. M. Herald says:— Wciborg readied Melbourno thiB afternoon. Tho sum of £850 haB boon roaovored, whioh Woibcrg had sont to a poraon as payment for tho purchase of a vessol. Woiborg was captured near Eaglo's Nest, botwoen Capo Patcraon and Wnratah Bay. Tho offloors had boon out fourtocn days scarohing, and suffered groat privations from wot woollier anil wniit ' of provisions! On Fri- day thoy found foot-prints, aud aftorwards saw Weiborg iu tbo scrub, about 100 yards nwvy. Tho officers hid behind a troo, bnt when Weiborg saw them, ho run Imok somo df, stance, anil jumped over a cliff on to tlio beach, and mudo towards tho water. Tho officers, fanoying ho would take to tho wntor tired three shots, and Woibcrg thon hold up liis liauila and aiiid, " I givo up." Ho was handcuffed, takou to Griffith's Point, and watched all night, and was nftcrwarda brought ou to Melbourne. Tho police had reason to boliovo that Woiborg was uruiotl, nnd it ia said ho hml a gnu planted, Fatal Aooident.— A sad and fatal aooident roourrod at an oariy hour (on Monday morning oHt at tbo , Gonoral Wyndliam ' Maohirie. '4 young man /(nikm'ea Philip i Sobdffort wis ongngod in putting a lcntlior bolt on a pulley A'lulst tbo workB wore in' motion, whon ha was mtungloil in tlio slnok of tho bolt and drawn ovor tho pnlloy several times, his head uud arms boing daBhotl against n raiaod porlion of the flooring. A follow workman lost no timo in giving nn alarm, and tlio ongitio was etoppr d within threo seconds, but tlio unfortuuato young man was so severely hurt that ho novor «poko . aud.. died.. in a fow minutes. Tho doooasod'a fuuoral took placo on Monday tiftornoon, and was largely attended, tho OddfollowB, with whom dcoessodhad bcouidonti- ilod, mustoring in strong foroo to pay tho last tokon of rospeot to thoir dopartod brother. Dooaasod was only 21 years of ago and a most promisBing young mnn.-'-ToiacM Herald. A Tabuanian Athlete.— From tho London Athletic World, tho Examiner loams that tho ohampion amatonr jnmpor and hurdle raoe of England, Mr. Obarlos Langtou Lonkton, is a Tasmanian by birth. His father was many yoars ago tho Anglican minister at Windormoro SaBt Tamar, nnd Charles waB born tboro on 2nd Jnly, 1856, bnt was takon to England oarly, nnd odnoatod at tho Mornhnut Taylor's sohool. In 18G9 ho first ontcrod tbo podestrian arena, find for tho noxt two years confined his snoo:BsoH to his Sohool sports, not apponring in pnblia oompotiiions till April, 1872. Daring tho.past eovon yoars, howovor, yoUng as ho is, his snoooes haB boon wonderful, nnd hiB por- formunoos ln high jump, wido jump, hurdles and hundioaps, have boon simply nnpafnllod in tho history of nthlotioB. Contesting nt nearly all olausos of eports, ho oontested 17 high jnmps winning 14, nnd boing second' thrioo. ' In long jumping ho haB won 27, twloo second, and onco unplaced, ont of 39 ovouts, and ho has won all tlio spring high jumps ho uuuuuimuu mr. in uanaioaps uo hub won zo trial boats, sooond fonr timoa, and unplucod three, whilo in tho final hoat ho has oompetod 84 raeos, winning 12, six times seoond, six timos third, and ten tiuios nnplaood. Twioo ho has put tho weight, winning onoe and being third nnothor timo, nud wns viei oriona in tho only tug of war ho oontestoil. In lovol lftcos, country trinl, and final bouts ho Iiub oompotod G7 timeB, winuing 60, boing seoond four timos, twioo third, and onoe unpalood. Altogothor, lio has contested in 187 oompotilious, winning no Iobs than 144, boing sooond 18 timos, third 9 times, and unplaced 19 timos. Does and Gebsd. — Tho Oympic Tivles has tho following paragraph : " Wo nro iuformod that scvoral valuable dogs havo latoly bcon poisoned on Gympio. Should porpotrators of this oowordly not bo disoovcrod, wo sinooroly trust legal proooodings will bo instituted against tho offendors. Wo aro informed that somo fino goose, tho property of Mr. Woolgnr, of Mary-street, havo also boon destroyod by poison. aiio praotico is oortainiy oowurilly and moan, but whilo condemning tho praotioo, wis know aortain parties in this town who would bo vory glad, If snob a thing could bo legally dono, to oxpeud a considerable aura iu poison for dogs, goose, orowing cooks, and oon- oortiiia playors, Tho owners of thoso nnimals and inatrnmouts of torture, in coiiBultiug tlioir private tastes and fancies, pay oxtromoly littlo rospoot to tho Oonvenionco of thoir neighbors. — W. II. Mies. News uon us. — If you want to hoar nows oouooruiug passing ovonta whioh take place in tho town in whioh you live, don't look in tho loool papers for it, don't ovon oxpoot to find it in tho pross of tho colony in whioh your lot is cast, but road tbo journals publishod somewhoro out of tbo oountry. Pooplo nt a distnnoo generally know moro about us than wo do oursolvos. Take, for example, tlio fol lowing from n pnpor published in Yorkshire, ; England " Tho mnrringo of a livo lord, nl- : inongu not a poor, is jomotlnug to bo roniorn- borod iu Qaconsland. It is statod that so groat was tho orowil to soo tbo woddiug of Lord Honry Phipps to Miss Loith-Hny that Homo ladies secured plaaos in tho churoh tlio night boforo." Now both tho Ipswioli papors ' had a glowing account about this ovont ; but how is it that noitlior of them .told -ns anything about places having been soourod "in tho churoh tho night before?" Is it not ratlior remarkablo that n roportor 10,000 milos away should know riioro about nn ovont thnn thoso who actuully witucssod tho ooromoniul ? Bnt the samo paper outvios in this roBpeot ovon tho metropolitan press. It contains an noooant of tho trial of Sotli L. Pntorson, and informs its renders that ho was sontenood to sovou yoars penal sorvitudo, and that I10 put an ond to his oxistonco by oommittiiig auioido ivhilo in his coll. What liavo tlio Brisbano reporters been doing that thoy have failod to nppriso us of this trngio ovcut, nud that thoy havo permitted tlio firBt intimation of tlio fact to renoh us through tho modium of a journal publishod on tho other sido of tho globo, — Ibid. Melboubne the Oamial. — Tho Victorious, like tho Yaukous, cutortain big notions of tliomsolvos. Tnko this, by way of example, from the pen of tlio Courier's Melbourne correspondent " It is pretty oortniu that tho Prinoo of Wales will visit Australia nnd mako his first rostiug-plaoo Viotoria,. which thus scores another gigantic honor. It would not bo a bad plnn, in csso of Hor Majesty giving promiso of continuing to bless hor pooplo for many more yoars, to mako Australia a kingdom and tho Priuco king, ovor it. ! Molboure, of oonrso to bo tlie capital." Tho confederation of tbo Auslrnlinn colonies is, I boliovo, a certainty in tbo future; bat I venture to predict that Melbourno won't bo its oapitnl. Sydnoy ib undoubtedly eutitled to that dis- tinotivo honor ; and Sydney should, ond doubt- loss will, got it. I admire tlio ambition of tho Victorians to mako a namo for themselves, and : to invest thoir portion of this oontinont with all tho distinction iu thoir powor ; but they inuet ho just to othors before being goncrous to themsolvos. Suootino Goveknoks. — A special commis- sion, comprised of fourtoon high oflioials ohosen from tho varioue ministries at St. Petersburg— has arrivod at Kharkoff for tho purposo of conducting au iuquiry into tho disturbances at tho Uorisoglobsk prison, where nn outbreak reooutly tool: placo. According to tho official account of tho nffair a Nihilist leader, named Lograud, who wns imprisonod in a room witlr thirty olhor off odors instigatod tliolattor to attack tho warders and break out of prison. After a dosperato fight thoy wore just on the point of leaving the building, when tho military arrived, and drove tliem buok at tho point of tho bayonot. The Nihilists, 011 thoir part, state that Priuco Krupotkin flogged several prisoners to doiith, and that whon thirty oomrndos endeavoured toeliiolil Lagrand from a similar fato, thoy woro shot down with out moroy, although thoy made no aotnal attack upon tho warders. Anyhow, it appears that uo less than fifteon of tlio iumatos of tho ptison aro lying dead, and that in somo manner or othor the Governor of Kharkoff was mixod up in thoir oxoantion. Prinoo Krapot- kin's suooessor— Mnjor-Gonoral Balil, rooontly Governor of Giodua— is reputed a vory atom oifioiul, who earned his promotion through tho relentless manner iu which ho conduotod operations in Poland during tho revolt of 18G4. Ho will tako no part in tho forthoomiug in vestigation into tho doath of his prodooossor, that boing n'ssigncd to Gon'oral Louvoff, tho present Prefect at St. Potorsburg. Toe ut most ondetivours of tlio secret polico havo failod to disoovor .tlio murderer — tlio " short young man" arrested a few duya ago 011 suspicion, having saiisfactorily proved liia inuocouco. Tlioy have ovou failed to olioit anything about tho mystorious pbaiton with four goutlemou in it, which got entangled with tho Governor's oariinge, and blookeil up tho way whilo ho was shot at. A fow doys ago tho polico nssomblcil iu tlio markot piece nil tho vcbioleB in Kharkoff, but Krnpotkin's oonobman wns unablo to reooguiso nuy of them ns tho oonvoynuco ho hail obscrvo > on tbo night of tbo mnrdor. Apparently tbo mur derer is destined to provo ns suooossful in eluding nrroot as tho assassin 'of Genoral Mozontsoff, — Telcyraph, Bumium Railway.— Tho latoBt news to hand | is' thdt all preliminary arrnngomonts havo boon 1 ;mado by Mr. Hurloy, on bokolf of Sydney I oapitsllsts, and Mr. Whitley on bohnlf of tho Barrum and Maryborough, Tlio projeot is that tho Sydnoy mou find tho groator part of tho ncoosstu'y capital to dovolop tlio ooalllold aud build tho railway from tho Gympio lino tc tho Burriua. Tho oapitnl of tho oompany will bo £100,000. Mr. Hurloy will arrive in l3risbatio in n fow days to awuit tho passing of a private bill to onnblo bim to aomploto the nonomo. Mr. Whitloy will arrivo to-day from Brisbano aftor a sojourn in tho Bonth of nearly threo months, during whioh timo ho has so far anooossfully negotiated this vory important mattor. To us it appoars that tlio fato of our district now lias with Parliamont, and wa sincerely hopo tho groat offort wa have mado to assist Oursolvos will bo duly rooognisod and acknowledged by It ; thnt at loast Mr. Hurloy wilt no mot in a lair ana ovon genorous spirit. — Wide Bay News. The Murderer's Wipe. — A despatoh from Oiovcland, Ohio, to tho New York Times t says . — Mrs. Arthur Dyson whoso husband wns mnrdorod by tho notorious, English oriminal' Charles' Banco, returned on Saturday to hor homo in this oity from England, whoro sho had boon to testify in tho trial of Foaoo. Sho has beou in tlio habit of drinking to oxeose Binoe . tho miirdor of hor husband, mid her friondB 1 . bavo kopt n aloso watch upon hor on that ' acoonnt. To-day boing pleasant, bIio desired . to walk abroad, and was aocompanied by hor : nioou, 12 yours old. As soon as sho was fairly I away from homo sho bognn visiting saloons, whoro_ Bha treated ovorybody with whom sho onmo in contaot, nnd was having a good timo generally until alio booamo drunk nud quarrol- : Bomo, when alio was arrestod anil looked up in tbo noarost polioa-Btation. Sho had noarly 100 dole, in hor pookot, nud was elegantly dressed. . Daring tho afternoon Bhoboonmo sober, nnd was remonded on bail, a ho is a fino looking woman, aud evidently woll educated. Taking a gono Time to Full up. — At a raco mooting hold in n township on tlio baok- blook, tho local polico magistrnto bad a horso ontorod in a friends namo for tho oilier ovont. On tho morning of tho raocs an aaoidont hnppoucd to tlio lad who was to rido Magenta. Thoro was groat consternation nt this uulookcd for disaster, ns there was no substitute to be found. At longth n sporting ooustablo, who himsolf had some raonoy on tho ovont, sng- gostod that tlioro was a smart young follow in tho look-up on a ohnrgo of horso-stoaling, who hud riddon sovoral rnoos. Aftor somo hosita- tho priBonor was informed that lio would bo allowed to soo tho races on condition of hiB riding tho fnvorito for tho maiden Plato. Tho condition was gloofully aoooptod. Magonta maintained n olonr load to tho baok of tho oonrso, when ho suddonly bolted, mid bis accomplished rider was nunbla to pull him up till ho wns ten miles clour of tho township. "u u,,d uu# jvw auuuauuuj ttilu lo ufull 10 00 doing remcrkably well with, Mngoiua amongst the Quoenslandors.— " 2Eglos in Australasian. Farewell to Bribbane Pon Evbb.— A rather amuaiog inoidont ooourrod on Friday wook at tho A. S. N. . Company's Wharf shortly before tho doparturo of tho steamer Egmont for Sydnoy. Tho dofondant in tho broaoh of promiso oaso, Lo Vondairo v. Simp, son, whioh was reoently tried at tho Distriot Court, having dooidod to remove to Now Zen- land, had secured his passage to Sydnoy by tho Egmont, and wsb going on board that vossol, whon ono of tlio pluintiff's friends tapped him on tho shonldor nnd wliispored something abont £50. Mr. Simpson did not, or would not, undorstnnd what was mount 1 hy the nllusion to £50, und appliontion was thon mado to ono of tho Oompuu v's officors for porroission to toko possession of Mr. Simp son's luggago, but bo declined to intorforo in tho mattor. Howovor, Mr. Simpson nt last FAItfianrl flin eiitiniinn rm>1 mn — J V 1 vitw Uivunvivuj UUU WHO 1UUKUUU LO URUG ovor £50 in satisfaotion of tho lady's olaims for uurcquitod live. As tho vessol stoamod away from tlio wharf, lio wuvodliis linnd townrds tlio shore, oxolaiming in a patiiotio tono, " Farowoll to Brisbano for ovor!" — Velcgrajih. , IllBESPONBIULl! SLANDERERS. —A oaSO Was latoly. dooidod in tho Melbourne Court, showing tho irresponsibility and nou- liability of a marriod woman having no proporty for hor wrong note. A man unmod Edwin Dehor brought on notion.for slanilor against Bridgot Korwiok; tho words complained of being that' sho bud called him n tliiof und othor un pleasant names. At tho oloso of tho pinintiff's. oaso, Mr, Elkins, attoruoy for dofondant, took tlio objootion thnt undor the 18th Scotion of tbo Marriod Women's Property Act sho was not liable to bu suod alone, boing a marriod woman and having no separate proporty, a vordiot was givon for tho dofondant, but with out costs. Sticking Ur.— Tho Wolgott oorrospondont. of tho Maitland Mercury on Friday forwardod tho snbjoinod mossago :— Nowlaud's ilvo- horso mail ooaoli, which left lYalgott this morning, convoying tho. Maitlaiul nnil Sydnoy maiL, was Btuck up four milos from tho town. Tlio drivor, Goorgo Ii'onucll, nllegos that upon pnlling up to opon the iour-milo gate an armed and mnakod man oamo from hohiud tho goto, and seizing tho loading horsos prosontod a rovolvor at tlio drivor, doinaoiling the mails, Tlio loadors plunged and struck out with tboir fore feot, thus freeing thomsolves. Tho bush ranger then flrod, and tbo roport of tho dis- ohnrgo caused tho horses to holt furiously into tbo bush. Other Bhots woro discharged which shattered tho coach panels, but tho drivor courageously lhnnaged to hold tho horsos to- gotlier, and piloted them baok to Wulgott safely. Thoro woro no passengers in tho oonoh. ,.Tho mails loft again at 8 a.m. Sub- Inspeotor Wright, with throo ooustablos, assisted by Mr. D. M. Jonos's blnck trnckor, Buudah, are iu pursuit. There is much ox- citcmcnt hfiro. On Friilny ovoning, at oight o'olook, Mr. Snb-Iuspootor Wrigiit brought iu tho bnshriuigor. The polico party worked woll. and Buudah's tracking was famous, Soull CnAJinoNS. — Ou Saturday night (says tho & hi. Herald) a most important soulliug match was mado ut Bowdon'a Ilotol. Edwnrd Triokott, tho present. Champion of tho World. Mr. Murray, Mr. Driver, and about fifty gcntlomcu interostod iu nquaticd wero present, nud onoh man paid up his deposit of £50. It will bo romomborod that, aftor his . reoont victory ovor Rush ou tho Parumuttu Hivor, Layoook throw down to Triokott tho gauntlet, whioh tho latter bus now aoooptod. " Lady Helts" in Noumea.— Tho " Help'' olomont is u iliflioulty horo ns olsowhero. The genoral domostio and othor servants horo aro blnckB of ono shado or othor; bnt in somo instances thoy will not answor, as in the caso of a lady who required the sorvioos of a houso and lady's maid. For suoh sho wrote to Australia, and in duo timo a lady's maid, on tlio Bliady sido of 50, mado hor ourtsoy before lior mistress, who was somewhat taKon aback. Howovor, all w nt well, until ono day into hor mistress's bedroom walked tho lady's maid iu a Btato of trembling oxoitouicut, saving, " I havo oomo to inform you, mum, that I'm not going to put up with being snuood, loastwiso by a nasty _ blaok-follow. I dciuoans mysolf by boing in tbo samo sorvico with thorn (sho know it boforo bIio hired), but I won't put up with boing snuoeil by ono of tho nasty oreaturcs." AVlmt is your vriovnnce, Mrs. X.; inquired the mistress, " Woll, mum, ju t now in tho kitchen, that nasty cook hold a potato out towaids mo, saying, 'Franoy pommytare.' I know Uo niaaut soiuo insult, mid I want you to explain tho moaning of thuin French words." Whon the mistroBS was ablo to spook, all hor olforts failed to oouvinoo tlio irato old dauio thai tho cook - one of tho most inoffensive of mock Mulabars — was following hor own ox- auiplo of tlio previous day iu giving a losaou in Frcucb by saying ns ho hold tho m tiolo towards hor, "Frangais pouimo do tono." Tho dear old girl would not have it ut any price, nud sh ia still revolving tho injurious fnot iu hor mind of having lived nil those years to bo " saueod" by n nnnty bluok. — Noumea oorrospondont S. M, Herald. A Children's Ball a Hundred Years Ado. —Mrs. Elizabeth . Moutngn- jvuB (says tho Queen ) a litorary lady of' tho IttBt oontary, bom in 1720 find living till 1800. Sho wroto "An onBay on tbo Writings and Gonius of Shake- spoaro," wluoli gavo hor muoh reputation, and sho foumlod tbo famous Illuo Stocking Club, a litorary sooioty whioh owed its namo to tho foot that ouo Mr. Stillingffcot, who was Aj / momber of it, woro bluo stooklngs, Montagu's lottors lnivo somo of thorn boon" publishod, and ono of thom datoil " llill- stroot;' April 11, 1779," oxaotly a oontary ago, contains tbo following pleasant pnHsago about a juvenile ball at Marlborough Ilonso : " I oarried my littlo man to a ball at Marlbororgh Houao on Monday night. Wo wont at seven and did not got homo till ono in tho morning. The wentbor was Cool, tho npartmonts woro largo I and high ; thoro woro niuo oouplcs of littlo folks, who all dnnood vory well. Tho Dnko of iviariDorogu s omiuron nro romnriiaDiy nana- somo. Botwoon ton and olovon thoro was a lino sapper for tho dancors ; and it was vory entortaining to soo littlo boax flattering littlo bolios, nnd littlo belles flattering littlo beaux, with as muoh spirit as thoy would do ton years honco. The Duko of Bedford Booms a fino hoalthy boy, whioh I wsb glad to soo ; for without health his groat inlioritanco would givo but littlo —g, ploiisuro. I think tbo noxt goueration will J excol the Inst in danoing ; I wish thoy may oxoel ns in ovorything. I had many aompii- ments on tho appoaranoo and mannors of my littlo man ; I10 had a good ear nnd danoes well. Tlio Duolioss of Marlborough invitod only tho parents of tlio young folks, and two or throo .particular bishops and Mrs. Mooro woro there." Tlio " littlo man " of tho lottor scorns to have boon a nophow. IIow little ahango a hundred years havo mado 1 Oar groat grandfathers and grandmothers wore moro liko oursolvos than V wo sometimos think. | Oft It TinwnnN TiirTTirn— Tlin nnffi/tn Iowa nf tho serious dofeat whioh tlio British troops sustained iu South Afrioa on tho 23rd January nro at Inst fully boforo tlio publio. Tho con- duot of Lord Cholinsford 1ms boen sovctoly criticised. Ho docs not soom to havo had any adequato conception of tho strength of tho Zulu army in tho neighbourhood of Isandula, nor does I10 soom to havo iu tho least suepooted thoir intention of making, au attack upon tho 1 oamp. In no oiroumstunoes, howovor, ought J tho camp to havo b. on loft in tho dofencoloss condition iu whioli it wns loft. Whether in this special instanco Lord Chelmsford onght to havo known what ho did not know, or to havo suspected what ho did not suspect, is a quostion ooncorning which thoro must oxist a vnrioty of opinions, but thoro is uo quostion that in tho genoral oonduot of tho campaign tlio oommaudor-in-oliiof lins manifostod nn un- fortmuitu iueompotonoy. His lust despatoh indcod ndinits tho noocssity for suporsoding hiin. " It wns his duty," ho says, " to lay boforo thorn his opinion that it was vory desir- ablo in view of future oontirgenoios that on officer oE tlio rank of tho Major-Qenoral should bo sont to South Africa without' dolay," He reminds tlio Government that " in Juno last bo had montioucd privatoly to his Royal HigbnosB tbo Commundor-iu-Ohiof that the strain of prolonged anxioty and exortion physi cal and montnl wna oven tbon tolling on him." und ho adds " what I felt tbon I feol moro now." Tlioro is sonrooly room to doubt aftor roadiug this dospntch that Lord OholmBford should bo re-called, and it is certainly oxtromo ly unfortuuato that the publio should liavo discovered his unfftnoBS boforo it had Ueaa admitted hy tho Government. ImmodilMMjj aftor tho nows of tlio Uofent first reodalW England a mossago was sont to Lord Cholift? ford through tho Secretary of Stato for War to tho offoot that tho Quoon sympathises most sinoeroly with him in tho dreadful Iobs of so many gallant officers and mou, and thnt her iUajesLy plucos entire aonfidonoo in him and hi uur Liuups iij muiuiiun uur nouur unu gouu name." Suoh a mossago, sont as it was at tho moment of dofcat, can hardly bo construod into a deliberate official approval of Lord Cholmsford's taotios. At all ovents tho Govorn- mont now ontiroly ropudintos any such inten- oion. Lord BouaouBffold said in tho Houso of Lords " tbnt tho Qnectt's mossago was of a porsonal obaraotor, and did not oxprosB any confidoilOG in Ltord Ohcilinnford 'us Cnmmandor iu-Chiof,"— -Loader. Pavkd with Gold.— A fino oi £10 (saya tlio Ovens and. Murray Advertiser ) has bsen iuUiotod npou a Chinaman for " swooping tlie Btreols " in tho borough of Eaglohawk, It may bo mentioned in explanation that the streets aro mutallod with quartz, that the vohiculnv traffic orushes tho stono to an almost impnlnblo powdor, and that tho sweepings often givo a vory luorative roturn for tho washing. 