THE NOVELIST. UNDER WHICH LORD?* BY IS. LYNN LINTON. CHAPTER VIII. The moat notable of Richard Fullerton's " men" were John Oravea the tailor, Tom Moorhend the blacksmith, and George j'eurce the carpenter of Crossholme; and, notable in another way, Adam Bell, that clever, reckless, shifty fellow who kept the chandler's shop at the far end of the village. Apparently, to judge by the ease with which he could talk of methods and handle various sorts of tools, Adam had practised every kind of handicraft not requiring special breadth of shoulder or development of biceps _and some others that needed sharp wits more than deft lingers. No one could make out exactly what he had been, but everyone gave liitn credit for having been a great many things, and it was even said that he must once have been a play actor. Certainly no one sang a better comic Bong, or spouted with more iluency, or gave imitations of the various best known actors with more facilitythere were no experts among the critics of Crossholme to determine whether the imitations were exact or no. They eeemed to be so, and that was enough. When in the vein, too, he could go through whole -£ -MJ nlAirQ ollAJ, ?' Kicluirdson o *** -p«jo x«.n ui moison and death and love, and with a large amount of high-falutin' and impossible virtue to balance the as impossible vice. And as those who discussed him argued, shrewdly enough, it was scarcely likely that he would have taken the trouble to learn just one cha racter and no more in so many pieces-though he knew scraps of the rest-if it had not been for business and his Blice of bread. And the shrewd wits had probability on their side. As Adam was a stranger at Crossholme, coming out of the clouds one murky winter's morning with no clear track to his last place of residence-conjecture was free to make of foim what it would. And conjecture had a fine time of it; for he neither volunteered any precise information about himself or the past, nor gave cause of suspicion by resenting jt when asked. He never by any chance mentioned where and what together. The nearest that he said was: " When I was down south I picked up from a yokel an old watch for two shillings that I sold afterwards for a matter of twenty pound"-" When I travelled the eastern counties I collected Borne rare old coins of the Roman times" " Once when I was up in the far north I was lost in a snow-storm"-" When I peddled Cornwall way." This was the nearest that could be got out of him He bad peddled : first for a master and then for himself; and now, tired of wandering, he had resolved to cast anchor and make himself a home ; and Crossholme fitted him to a hair. But where he was born and where schooled; what he had done when a lad, and who were his father and mother it being to be supposed he was not born peddling-no one knew more than he knew what his great-grandfather had been doing this day a hundred and fifty years ago. He had come to the place quite suddenly; opened a chandler's shop much wanted at the time ; irading in a very small way at the beginning »-but having his character to make, and knowing how it is best made for the long run, lie took care to sell good stuff of fair weight and at reasonable prices; and thus, by de grees which were neither slow nor long, he won the confidence and custom of .the place, and was now doing welL So far things were not in his disfavour; and no one has the light to imagine spectres which are neither Been nor heard. Restless in all things, of a prying and ex citable kind of intellect, if Adam had curbed Sns nomadic blood so far as to settle quietly in one house for the last six years, he had Slot put.his brain into harness; and the in mentions and discoveries of which he was the lather! and which would revolutionise society bad he but the money to work them, were aa many as there were objects on which he laid his long thin snpple fingers. He had in vented an electric locomotor, and an auto matic printing press; and he had a torpedo ?on paper- that, if put into material, would Wow into sky-rockets aught ever laid in the sea, and he had a steam engine that would pump out a mine in less than half the time of the best in use now-still on paper; a plan ^ re8ulate the boiler so that a blow-up should be a mechanical impossibility: and if *"L*e.re to be believed he had the whole re °l. practical dynamics on that H 8uelf mo th,e little back parlour be h\P" 88 he was-talkative i?n bragging but never com fitting himself to provable statements-he fcv 8om«ahaCter m the place J Personally liked «Ld . amuai°8 and superficially gravely doubted by the Sir ««i)a5-^be?aU8e of that ill-natured SSr*Wlca of ours which doubts a lhaK^uBt/in8er' partly because of thp «'tme®8.9* bis which gave one irastwni*{?{ ""stability and consequent un John Gr&lllo698;',! S Id off such men as lorn Mnnrk G®oige Pearce; and rough head ®ven mo" than they. Yet taftj,2ne*o£ /Mr- Fullerton's men;" feia admiral a? be was the most wordy in °f thf. brines which de and l a jeUy-fish through an ape, ®rthelemed the personality of the devd Ch o£ 85°?.a P1*06 M bell. But enthnQifl ?. Pleased himself to be such an SSt anHd,acLple,of ,the new school of tounler a loyal'Partisan of its ex bja il *®i the master of the Abbey, when of humle^h° TP believed in tbe wligioS Jet he w^nnfii i!® Baying grace of science, and nnn«^ backward in clever parodies those "derations when with Lis humnn?^ taken ap the thread; and tras de^nnt.ralnev®r ,B.° ?road «s when he tverenow? to bis hearers that they <Wered Richard's in «onauewJ? ?iu! °l b"n, as he never quite tamed ft« 5\i°£< th,e thre® men already toaster JhL bva beat to get over the ior at his shop counted «tha S,vJ^ -he kind heart w« united Option an<l *n instinctive per of him hnJ^^ ii8though the one part otW beiS ^ things from all men, the Save littift h^fj ? non® Bhort of proof, and »e^andra^fa2ePr° ti0aB l°°ked quiet, thonoW °kn Groves was elderly, patience andn°ted for the pathetic had 'born^u08?^0 diPWty with which ^Ptionallv^tfeh<S*y of an ex a man ;u« oeueyea. Tom 5?<Cl, andttfS®* o£ mh -, about 80, was morp mtnr mn 1)8611 puwhtai?S,»b«?Ung " ?nder which Lord f ^ *1116 proprietor! of " The Aug pattern of John Graves, whose only aur oiiVi'i^ili i i ,rei lJad married. and whose quiet,.thoughtful, temperate nature he took a\rue Bon" ' Wlttl tlie reverent lovo of Tom Moorhead had a daughter too . and people laughed as they noted how often keen-witted, sharp-featured Adam Bell was nL ntJ°rRe W- ®n th® 8h°'' d00r Wa8 Shut Bervant was now h's own S 'f/, T ?,!erevety few who dared to hint to Tom at the possibility of such a suitor ns the like of him for pretty Janet. He of oil the Broui) most doubted this clever, in tcllectual acrobat, this foretime pedlar, who who had wandered here out of the clouds ; and would as soon have thought of marry. Ii'Jl !ffgl v° a r a tru,nP a8 to Adam parish nown antecedents and not of this But Adam thought that he could work his ln.,tljPe > with the help of money if all o ri ®very month he was putting by a little matter, which would soon make a *UI?' a-n i a good settlement to oiler, fathers-in-law are not difficult came for lovers to bag. He had had a good deal of experience in life, he used to 8ay; and he had brought out of this experience one strong settled, conviction-that every man has his price ; and its corollary, that every man has hiB power, if only you can hit on the one and find out how best to utilise the other. 1 r Rne 'king more need be said at pre sent of these men :-John Graves and George Jrearce, his son-in-law, were tenants of the Molyneux family; Tom Moorhead'a house and forge belonged to the Abbey estate; but Adam Bell s shop stood on part of the small bit of glebe that had been reserved for the vicarage. The village was a long, straggling, irregular place; the estates were as irregular as it; and odd corners had been bought and Bold till it was almost a topographical puzzle ». , °,w where Churchlands ended or the Abbey began, or why this little croft should belong to the vicarage, and that half- acre of wood by its side to MonkshalL So, however, it was; and no one at Crossholme thought it strange or wished it otherwise. _ More besides these men went to the read ing . room, both when Richard gave his monthly lecture-which was of a stronger and more speculative kind than the weekly and in the evenings and at noon, to read, to play a game at draughts, or to take a band at "spoiled nines," or "three-card ant. This allowance of card-playing had been made into a nine days1 wonder when the rules of the reading-room had first been drawn up ; and the neighbourhood had ob jected to it Btrongly and canvassed it severely. Indeed, it had been raised into a crime by the more rigid; and to hear them talk it would Beem that Richard Fullerton had organised his pretty, half Gothic little institution to become a very sink of iniquity. But aB he said, when those who spoke against him and his ways behind his back most unreservedly, approached the subject to his face with greatest discretion" I treat men like men, not like children; and if it pleases them to have a game at cards, why Bhould they not as well as others? I trust to their developing tastes for a higher kind of recreation than gambling; but if they have that desire-many men have; it seems almost instinctive-they had better gratify it in a place where public opinion goes against excess, than in the public-house, where they drink till they are inflamed and lost to all self-control." And as he was the owner and master, and had the right to arrange his own rules, he carried the day, as he intended to do; and the institution allowed cards, amoking, and beer, aa well as giving other things of a higher class. The members numbered about 50 all the available men in the place, indeed but those spoken of were the principal, and all with whom we have to do in this story. The lecture to-night waa on the dutieB of men aa members of a community. In contra distinction to the theological view of rewards and punishments, of pleasing God and saving of our soul, duty was aet forth as self-respect on the one hand, and the good of the com munity at large on the other. " Ail is bad or good as it affects the well being of society, or let us call it humanity," said RicharcL 14 There can be no intrinsic evil, no positive Bin, where there is no com munity to be harmed by your acts." He brought forth the old argument of the desert island, and how a man could not ain by himself. If he could do no ill to others he could do no ill at all:-spiritual wicked ness, self-generated, self-destructive, and offending God only, being a myth and an im possibility. This was naturally utterly op posed to the theological view which makes Bin a thing in itself between a man's own soul and God, and in nowise because of its action on the community j-'which sees in it primarily an offence against Heaven even when it is a crime against society- damnable because disobedient to divine command rather than punishable because of its evil handling of man's bodies and properties. " This latter is allowed to be morality, if you will," he went on to aay; " but the deeper crime, according to theologians, is spiritual wickedness in dia obedience of Gods command-not because such command ia good for man, but because it is God's." " The only laws that we know," he said, *' are those which we are slowly find ing ont for ourselves in the positive sciences, and that educated and still to be educated sense of juBtice, equity, and respect for humanity, which we embody in codes, and call concretely law. It is childish to talk of a devil who tempts us to do evil humiliating to common sense and manhood to fear eternal punishment if we have done evil-and what grosser superstition has the world ever seen than the Christian doctrine of God incarnate in man that we might all have a better chance of heaven?-a better chance, mind yon-not a certainty-and the whole universe disturbed that we might be less unfairly handicapped! Nol no, my friends! man is only a part of the whole-a unit of the sum: and there is no more salve in hiB life than tnere iB in the life of a fly or an ant, save such as he makes for himself by his higher intelligence. What we have to cultivate is the sense o>f justice to others, and of Belf-respect to ourselves; loyalty to the best interests of the community of which we form a part: reverence for humanity at large; love of truth for its own sake, irrespective of the conclusions to which it leads ns; our selves, personally, and what advantages ns one way or another, is a consideration which comes nowhere in the school of a wise and elevated philosophy. We have to live for humanity, not for our own souls: and whether we do well or ill affects only our brothers here-but affects them indelibly with fatal effect if ill I but leaves ns, our selves, as we were before we acted, so far as our own personal future goes in the life, if any, after death." Was this strong meat given as food to babes, and poison rather than nourishment? Richard did not think So; nor did some of bis hearers; if others fell & certain uneasi ness, a certain kind of mental droop and collapse at the thought that-it -was not re garded by a Higher Power whether they did well or ill, just as weak and paralysed limbs suddenly taken out of irons would fall help less to the ground; and others, a certain relief in the idea that if they kept clear of the police here they had nothing to fear here after, and were free of the devil, who else might have had bis word to Bay to them for fleshly indulgences, or faults of mind and temper which broke no human law and hurt none BO that they should cry out. But some, again, took the doctrine as it stood, and founa it ennobling and heartening. The doctrine of Belf-reBpect, and of the duty owing to the community, waB one which Beemed to them to strike a true chord, and to be a higher phase of thought than the grovelling Eastern personal fear, and the purely selfish en deavour, which are expressed in such phrases as fleeing from the wrath to come, and saving your soul alive. After the lecture was over the usual dis cussion followed, when the men spoke out their minds and asked questions, or ex pressed dissent. This was always the most interesting part of the evening, and the most important. The doctrines set forth in the body of the lecture were then more clearly demonstrated, and more directly urged. John Graves was generally of Mr. Fuller ton'B way of thinking. There was a certain sympathy of nature between the two men which made their minds in unison, and ren dered the teaching of the one too acceptable to the other. To- night he gave his un qualified assent to all that he had heard. It was not wholly new ground to him, for Mr. Fullerton had gone over it before in private, though this was the first public lecture that had put forth these doctrines. It was his view of things, he said, put into scholarly language and cleared out. But Tom Moor head had a word to say against duties to all the members of a community as at present constituted. He would render no tribute to Caesar, because he denied the rights of Caesar, whether called absolute or constitutional, emperor or queen; and what he denied to the sovereign he was not minded to give the aristocracy. He was hostile to it all, and wished that Mr. Fullerton had touched on that head in his discourse, and limited the right to demand, and the obligation to pay. Tom always dragged in that shock-headed republicanism of his whenever he had the chance ; and when he had not he still made his friends and nearers understand that there was his bile noire, standing in the shadow outside the door and waiting for the first opportunity when he could thrust his ugly muzzle into the thick of the fray. He was an impetuouB, unreasoning, one-idea'd kind of creature; but he was trusty and honest; and truth, like falsehood, can work with different materials and by various tools. George Pearce boggled a little at the doc trine of sin being impossible save such as refers to the well-being of the community. He was a tender-soulea young fellow, with the possibilities in him of zealotry if set in the track, and he cherished the belief in an inner life which the scalpel could not lay bare nor the spectroscope analyse, nor the crucible reduce to its ultimate essence. " A man is conscious of a certain sort of a some thing," he said modestly, " that has nought to do with what others may know or not know, nor with what harm may or may not be done to those others in consequence. He could not argue well," he said, " but con viction and consciousness were facts which everyone could prove for himself." "A man is convinced of many things which we know do not exist," said Richard. " A spiritualist believes in the materialisa tion of ghosts, and an African in the incan tation of his Obi man. Private and personal convictions have ruled the world for a long time now. George, and you see into what a morass of folly and superstition they have landed UB." "These were things, sir; but what I mean iB states of feeling-thoughts which only a man's own self knows and can realise." " Like the ecstasies of nuns, the visions of hermits. You would not put them as solid baseB of conduct, would you ? Save as phy siological facts to be dealt with by medicine they are contemptible : and as philosophical arguments inadmissible. Conscience and consciousness are mental conditions varying according to health and education. They have not even a claim to consideration by their stability or uniformity." " It makes life a little vague, sir," said George, who was somewhat off the track of the lecturer's meaning. "No! Why should it? There is just this difference between UB and the orthodox that we would educate a man's conscience for his own self-respect and his duties to other men; while the church says that the welfare of the human family iB not the end of life, but rather the cultivation of your own spiritual graces-chiefly humility and faith. We are not without a guide in conscience; but we have the civic and human, not the theological: that which refrains from evil doing for self-respect, not for fear of con sequences. I am not speaking against con science as a fact, but against the direction given to it by the church." " You come down pretty square on the church, Bir!" said Adam BelL He could never keep silent for long, and he was beginning to consider within himself the value of keeping open a line of retreat He had a shrewd idea of how things would go presently in the pariBh, and he thought hold ing an even balance no bad test of skill. Not more Btrongly than justly," said Richard. " The church has always been the source of ignorance because its power is founded on pretensions that cannot be proved and which science destroys." "They make things difficult for plain men like me," returned the chandler. " I have been to the old place these last Sundays to hear what the new vicar has to say. They are talking of nothing else down town; and it is queer to hear a gentleman like him tell us that we shall all be burnt in flames for ever if we do not think as he bids us, and then to come here and find that there is no place for hell in all creation, and that the church which pretends to know everything and to teach us all is no better than a nigger pow-wow man," " What has the church ever taught that has been of the smallest permanent or real good to man ?" said Richard. " Every scien tific truth by which Bociety has been revolu tionised and man's knowledge of morality and life enlarged, has won its way after a fight with ecclesiasticism. Astronomy, geology, and now biology have had against them the church with all its power of per suasion, all its force of negation; and it has only been when further denial was impos sible that she has sullenly admitted the new truth and set herself to prove that it told nothing against her omniscience after all! To make ft plain that Genesis demonetr&tea; the truth of geology, and that no Christian scientist need trouble himself about the physical cosmogony of the Bible, is now the great endeavour of one section in the church. I prefer,for my own part, the greater thorough ness which sneers at science in the interests of Moses and (he prophets, and declines to sit on two 8tools of different heights aud strength." " Like our new vicar," said Adam smartly. "Yes; he at least is uncompromising," said Richard. "So far we know where we are ; for tbe fight bag begun here at Cross holme, though everything looks so fair and Bmooth. You will be sought to be gained over to the church by the attractiveness of tb©, services, by the zealousneas of t)ie minister, by tbe tears perhaps-the solicita tions certainly-of your wives and daughters, who will be won without difficulty; and it will be a hard thing for you to make a stand. uv^Ii1 . u0U J^° over 'ou W'N '08e the best i ' .?, y°ur manhood ; and the price that you will pay for your reconciliation with falsehood and mental oppression will be your treedom and your intelligence." He had seldom spoken go strongly ; never so directly in personal and local application ; and Adam Bell took notes. If there is a chance of the ship going to the bottom, are not tbe rats wise to swim ashore betimes ? Soon after thi8 the discussion came to an en(T>-' 5 Ringrove Hardisty, having to speak to Richard, entered the reading-room; when the two left and walked by the side path through the park and so on to the house. Ringrove had come to consult his elder friend on the advisability of offering himself as the churchwarden chosen by the parish. The election was not far off now; Cuthbert Moljneux was to be the vicar's nominee; and Ringdove wished to be the parochial " sides man," to match the other in local weight, and perhaps surpass him in personal intelli gence. The one a gentleman, so must be the other. It would never do to pit against a landed proprietor, and such a thoroughgoing enthusiast as Cuthbert Molyneux was known to oe by character- seeing the direction in which he was going-anyone who should not leel himBelf equal to both him and Mr. Lascelles combined. . ,0^ 'kat idea of yours, Ringrove." said Richard heartily. " You and I, my boy must do what we can to stop this new mad ness, and keep the parish from being overset and destroyed. I am too deeply committed to opposition and denial to be able to be churchwarden at all, in any interest; but you will do all that I would were I in your place, and without rousing the animosities that I should have done." "I am glad you thinkitthe rightthingtodo," said Ringrove. " I feel it to be so. I should like to see the church decently kept up and all that, but I do not want to have Mr. Lascelles or any other priest in the saddle here at Crossholme ; and I will do what I can to prevent it. The church belongs to the l English people, not we to the church ; and I will do my part in making the distinction very clear." " He is working mischief swiftly enough," said Richard; "and I fear that he has touched my child. You know what my hopes have always been, Ringrove, but I have been a little out of heart for the last day or so. I was pained more than I can well say to find a cross round Virginia's neck the night before last. Sister Agnes-as they call Miss Las celles-has evidently got hold of her; indeed, her mother confessed as much; and the child is just at the age when impressions are most easily made, and unfortunately, unhealthy ones even more easily than the healthier. I am troubled about it, Ringrove !" "Oh ! don't be troubled!" said Ringrove boyishly; " she is an angel and will come all right! But just as good and sweet and lovely as she is, are they wretches who would play on her best feelings and make her as much of a hypocrite as they are themselves." He spoke with warmth, and naturally with injustice; giving neither Sister Agnes nor Mr. Lascelles credit for the sincerity which was as real with them as their very lives. _" At least she has a thorough-going cham pion in you, my boy," said Richard smiling. " And shall have to the end of my life," answered Ringrove fervently. As he Bpoke a moving light in the Abbey attracted his attention. It was Virginia walking across her room. She put the candle at a distance and came out on to the balcony that ran round the bay window, standing there, looking at the moon and stars. It was strange how ethereal she looked under the transforming light of the moon. She might have been a spirit or a creature of another race and kind than ordinary gross hamanity, for the subtle beauty, the supersensual kind of _ purity that seemed to inform her whole being. And so simple, so purely unaffected as she was! Here were no aesthetic poses borrowed from pictures and intended to re present saints or goddesses-no artificial ecstasies, nor conscious assumption of rapt reverie. Apparently it was just an innocent, beautiful fair-haired girl looking with natural awe and admiration at the starry splendour of the Bky; but beyond this was also that unconscious something which touches the imagination of men, and which calls forth their highest feeling towards, and their purest truest worship of, woman. " I _ can understand how men came to worship the Virgin Mary," said Ringrove in a low voice, and with almost reverence; " Yes-such as that," the father returned with a certain sense of awe ;-she looked so like-what? One who had died and had now re-appeared for a moment, showing her self to sorrowful hearts for their comfort in the old place where she had once been their joy ? But there were no spirits in Richard Fullerton's universe, and death with him was -death-and no return. And in like manner there were no holy angels coming down on earth from heaven-no revelations possible of other spheres, of other lives. He did not know what it was that caught his breath and brought something that felt like tears to his eyes, as he looked at his daughter stand ing there on the balcony in the bleaching moonlight. He wished that she would speak, or stir!-but when it grew too painful, he himself broke the spelL " Good night, my Ladybird !" he called out from below. " Good night, dear papa," she said, taming her sweet face downward with a smile was more sad than merry. "Good night, Virginia," said Ringrove Hardisty, his voice not quite so full or cheery as usual-rather hushed and subdued. "Goodnight, Ringrove! sleepw«llr she answered him back, her serious qtjll turned downward. " Ah !" said Richard with a sigh: " we lose some beauty out of life, my boy, when we co m for plain truth, and matters of fact, not fancy. I have never understood the belief of men m angels so well as since Virginia came to me,-if I believed in heaven atau I should say, direct from heaven!" "She is worth a man's dying fori" Ringrove passionately. "Yes; °r better still, living for!" retained her father. Well! come to breakfast to morrow, my boy. It is too late to ask you in now-I Bee the household winking its niehtlv stampede to bed." J®8'.! k® answered, pressing Richard s hand; you are always so good to me! *' Well, you see, I look upon you as a kind of a son, said his friend pleasantly; " and in any case as the young Fellow for whom I have the most respect of«U known to me." 