THE HERALD'S" PRljZB l'OKM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. BV HENRY KKKDALL. Bow, while Ofioni flaming soutli, doth pet A shining foot on ! hills of wind and wet— Far Hanehty hills beyond the fountains cold And jlells of glimmering greenness manifold— Whiljs August sings the advent of the Spring, Aud in the calm is heard September's iviiiL-, The lordly voice of song I ask of thee,' Highldeathless radiance—crowned Calliope ! What though we never heard the great cod's lays W'hitjh made all music the Hellenic days— What though the face of, thy fair he.iveu beams Still only on the crystal Grecian streams— What though a sky of neiv strange beauty shines, Where no white Dryad sijigs within the pines : Berejis a laud whose large imperial grace Must' tempt the, goddess, in thine holy place ! Herejare the dells lof peace and pleuilune, The bills of morning and the slopes of noon ; Herejare the waters dear to days of blue, And aark-iireen hollows i)f the noontide dew ; Herellies the liarp,'by fragrant woodwinds funned, That .waits the coming of thy quickening hand ! And shall Australia, framed and set in s« a August with gloiyj wait m vain for tli.?e ? S;;a!l;mnre than Teiupe's beauty lie unsung B:-c;iu-e its shine isj strange—its colours young ? \n ! by the full live liirlii wh-'cli puts to shame . Tl:«fiirf:ii-spleiid<jnw of i'lu-ssaiiau Ijanio, 15, yonder foivst psalm wbii-li sinks aiid swells Like that of Phoeis, grave wi ll .irac'es-— Hy deep prophetic |niiid* 'that couieand go, Wlii lje whispering springs of "pondering mountains fl.nv, By lute-like leaves and ni.my-bnjiu.iqed cov.a, Where soundii the strong!hosiimia ol the wavse, This pvat new Majesty shall not remain Unh.moiivd l>v che high immortal strain ! fvion, somi the miisie of the southern lyr«.. Shall'start and bloss-im v.'ith a Si)eecli like fire ! Soon, soon, s'lall ilover and fl.>w in f'-ime divine The Jones, Apollo, and Euterpe, thine ! Stron", shining sous of Delphicns shall rise WithTdl their Father's dory in their eyes ; Ami flien shall beam on yonder slopes ami springs, The ii-ht that suiun n]>.ni the light of things. Aud j'iierefor.-, lingering in a land of lawn, ]. standing here, a singer of the Dawn, Witli •j.r.y.K upturned to where wan summits lie v Against tilt; morning (lowing up the sky,— Whose eyes in dreams of maiiv colours see A alittering vision of the yc.ars to be — Do at-k of thee, CaUiop", one:hour Of life pre-eminent with p rh«:t power, That 1 may leave :< so 'g whose lonely rays May ! thine hereafter from theEe songless days. For now there breaks across Uie faint grey range Tne rose-red drawing of a radiant change. A soh sweet voice is in t e vlilh-ys deep, ,W!i<ire Darkness droops and sings itself to sleep. The ^rave-mute woods, that yet the silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Yon'eastern cape that meets the straitened wave— A twofold tower above the whistling cave— Whose strength in thunder, shields the gentle lea, And! makes a white ^-ratli of a league of sea— Now! wears the face of peace ; and, in the bay, The Leak spent voice of Winter dies away. In every dell there is a whispering wing; On every lawn, a glimmer ofj the Spring ; By every hill, are growths ofjtender Lieen ; On every slope, a fair new lite is seen. And, lo," beneath the morning's blossoming fires, The shining City of a hundiod spires ! Ill lu.sts of go'd, by counties? hnfrciis furled, And glad with all tlie flties of all the World! These are the shores where, in a dream of fear, Cathay saw darkness <luel.i»jj half a year ! ()) Tuese are the ci;.st« that old fallacious tales Chained down with ice and ringed wftli sleepless gales ! ! This, is the land that in the hour of awe, Froiit Indian p-.iks the rapt Venetian, saw ! (2) Here is the long gray line of'stri'nge sea-wall That checked the prow of ilie audacious Oanl, Whit time be skered towards the southesu snow, From zone to zone—four hundred years ago ! (3). By yonder gulf, wliose marchina waters meet The jsvine-daik currents froni tin: isles of heat, Strong sons of Europe, in a far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt the alien spear ! There, 111 a later <jawn, by sbiplesa waves. The tender grasses tound forgotten graves. (4) Far m the west, beyond those hills sublime, .Dirki Hartos anchored in the'olden time : There, by a wild-faced bay, aud in a cleft, His sliining name the fair- haired Northman left. (5) And,: on those broad imperial waters far, Beneath the lordly occidental star Saileii Tasman d.ovn a great and glowing space, Whose sotti-.r lights were like his lady's face. In dreams of her be roamed from zone to zone, And gave her lovely name to coasts unknown ; And saw in streaming sunset eveiywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair. (6) By flaming tracts of tropic afternoon, Where in Jow heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on the tides of a resplendent year, By capes of Jasper, caine tins buccaneer. (7.) Then—then the v.ihi.iien, flying from the beach, First heard the clear, hold sounds of English speech ; Aud then fir-t fell across a southern plain The broad, strong shadows of a .Saxon train. Near yonder wall of stately cliff thai hraves The arrogance. of congregated waves, The daring soil of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a ninjiiSUc solitude, What time a gentle April shed its showers Aflame with .sunset, oa the Bay of Flowers. (S) The noble soi'uau who withheld the linud, And spared the Hector of his'iiative land— Tne sinjle sav.ige yelling on the beach i The dark straneu curses of barbaric speech ! Exalted snilor ! \vh»6b benignant phrase Shines full of beauty in these latter days ; Who met the naked tribes of fiery skies With great Divine compassion in his eyes ; Who died, like Him of hoary Nazareth, That death auixu.it—the radiant martyr's death;. Who in the last hour sho'ved the Oliria ian face—, Whose crumbling beauty shamed the aheu race. In peace he sleeps where deep eternal calms Lie; round the lands o{f heavy-fruited palms. J,o ! in that dell, behind a singing bar, Where deep pure pools of glittering waters are, Beyond a mossy yellow-gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid— The blue-eyed Saxon from the hills of snow Who fell asleep a hundred ye'irsago. In fiowerful shades «laere gold and green are rife Still rests the shell of his forgotten life. Far, far away beneath some northern sky, The fathers of his huiiible household lie; Bur. by his lonely ijraye, are sapphire streams. And gracious woodlands, where the tirefly gleams ; Aud ever comes across a silver lea The hymn sublime of the eternal sea. On that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stofd Arthur Phillip in a day of dream. What time tin: mists of morniug westward rolled, And Heaven floweredjoii.a bay of gold ! Here, in the hour that'shines and sounds alar. Flamed first old England's banner like a star; Here, in a time august with prayer aud praise, Was horn the Nation of these splendid days ; And here this land's majestic Testerday Of immemorial silence died away. Where are the woods that, ninety summers hack, Stood hoar with ages by the water-track? Where are the vallys of the flashing wing, The dim irreeu margins, and the glimmering spring t Where now tbe warrior of the forest race, His glaring wur-pAint and his fearless face ? The banks of April aud the groves of bird, The glades of silence, and the pools unstirred, The gleaming savage, and the whistling sp,-ar? Passed with the passing of a wild oid yeai! A single torrent singing by the; wave, A shadowy relic in a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in iumt'-iiioiial hills. The whittled tr-v by foiik-d wayside riils, The Call of bi'd th;f bides in hollows far, Where feet of tliun ler. wings of winter, are^ Of all that l'asi, these wrei ks;i.f wind and rain, These touching memories—these alone remain. What sun is this that beams and broad.-ns we»'. ? What womler this, in deathless gioiy dressed ? Wiiat stringe, s*e> t harp ol highest gmi took fl ime And gave tins Troy its lite, iti light, us name ? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range Upraised this Dion—wrought this dazziing change ? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Set yonder splendour by the morning streams I No god, who glimpii-rs in a doubtful spiiere. Shed glory there—created beauty here! This is the Oity that nnr fathers trained — These are the crescents by tbe ehlers named ! Tiie human hands ot strong heroic men Broke down the mountain, filled the gaping g'en, Ran (streets through swamp, built banks ng<i,.st the foam, • ! And bent the arch, and raised jthe lordly dome * Here are tile towers that the Founders made! Here are the lempies where these R-unans prayed Here| stand the courts in whicli their leaders nn-i ! Herejare their homes, and here! ilieir altars yei ! Here sleep the good old men Wiho.-e lives suMime Of thought aud action eliiue) ami sound thruush ' time — I Who work in darkness—onward fouglit tlieir wsys To bring about these large niaj-siic days— ' Who left their sons aud hearts;and high desires • Which built this City of the hiiniired spires I A stately Morning rises 011 the wing. The hills take colour, and the yalley.s . A bright September flames tiey A silver vision on a silver sea. A new Aue " cast in a diviner mould ' Conies crowned wilh lustre, toned and shod • gold ! What Dream is this 00 lnwnv-' p»fe« set ? What Miracle of il .nie ana mil are' ? What great uiutc Jl. j-'rty ib t|iis tliiU takes The fir«t of in<|rnins > re the songbird wake*? Lo, this was built, to honour .gathering lauds, By Celtic, Siixoii, Australasian harjds 1 These are the ii?Ils where all the flfigs unfurled Break into speech that welcomes all the world. And lo, our friends are here from ejerv zone— From isles we jlream of. and from tracts unknown I flere are the fathers from the stately space Where Ireland (is, and EnelsndV sa:red face ! Here are the Norsemen from their »trong sea-wall, The crave grand Teuton and the br Uiant Gaul I From green sweet groves the dark-eyed Lusianeeail, And proud Iberia leaves the grape- flushed vale. Here are the lords whose 8t»rry-bar ner shines From fierce Magellan to the Arctic pines ! Here come the strangers from the gates of Day— From hills of sunrise and from white Cathay. The ipicy islands send their swarthy soni>; The lofty Nortlijits mailed and miahty ones. Venetian kee s are floating oil our sea: Our eves are elad with radiant Italy,! ^ Yea, North and South, and glowing Weft and East, Are gdtheriiig liere to grace our splendid feast. l}he chiefs fromipeaksauauet with;Asian snow, 'IJlie elders borniwhere regal roses Kr oW » (liMiie hither, with the fl;«er of tlikt fair land That tilooms beyond the Sery tractejof sand VV here Syrian suns their angry Insures fling Across blind channels of the bygutiej spring, iiml, on this ureal Husnicious djy, 1 the flowers Of Labour Glorify majestic hours, j j •jjlie sinamu an el from tbe starry |sphere (it drfzz me Scit-nc.' shows his wonders here. An,! Ai t, the drefim-clad spirit, starts, und brings tfiom Fairyland her strange sweet glittering tilings. Hi re an- the works man did wlist time his face touclli d by God m some i x^ltel place! IlUi'f slows the splendour—lien-, the mnrvel wrought Xji'lien Heav.-n flashed iifioii tbe malder'a thought 1 Ye=i, here are nil the miracles stihl me— The lichts of Genius and ihe stars!o|f Time! /ihd, bi'inif lifted by this noble noijii, Austraiia iiroadeils like a tr< •« inilon. ; Hi"r white pure lustre beams acroskjthe zones ; Ijlle Nations gr.-et her from their Wwful thrones. From hence, the morning beauty ojf jlier name ty'ill shine afar, like m , xceeding Ifljiine. Her place will be! with ir.ighty lor<|^ whose sway (jontrols the thunder air] the marchinp day. Her crown will sliiue beside the cr.iwns of kinas VViio sliapi- tbe seasons, rule the course of tilings, i-h'e fame of hi r across the years 19 ibe \yill sprend like linltt on a surpassing sea ; A lid eracd withjglorv, girt with power aiiKUSt, lie life will last till all things lurnjto dusi! I ! j- i i 'Fo.Thep, the ficeof Song is lifted, now— <f, .Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow ; btise hands unseen the tenfold storms control ; \y hose thin,de-. s shake the spheres (rjotii-pole to pole; Who. from the highest heavi-n lookfst down. Tj'lie sea Thv footisJool, and the sun Thy crown : A round whose tliroiie tbe deathlesfilplanets sing IpHHannas to th.-if- jliich eternal Kiijg— To thee, thesoullof Prayer this morning turns. With raith that glitters »i.d with hope tint burrs 1 4.ud, 1:1 the moments of nn- jVsiic Cja|m That fill tl.» heart in pa-jsea of the psalm, Shei asks Thy blessing for this fmr j>oung land That flowers within the hollow of riiine baud I She seeks of Tliee|t.liat boon, that raft sublime. The Christian radiance, for 'his hope of Time! And Thou wilt listen ; and Thy face wili ber.d To smile upon us—Master. Fattier,| Friend ! The Christ, to whose pure pleading heart hath crept, ^Va6 human once, and in the darklness wept ; The gracious Love; that helped us |l<>ng ago iViljl on us like a summer sunrise flow ; d be a liuht to guide the Nation's feet )n holy paths—jon sacred ways, am) sweet. 