The Storyteller. A RUSSIAN HERO ; OR KEarko Tyre's Treason. CHAPTER I. THE I'AVOUEITE WOOING. The great plains of Russia, broken by rivers «id marsh, luy sweltering in their short-lived summer. The time was tlie sixteenth of May, 1778, in tlie reign of Catherine Second. A score of versts from the capital, on the road to Moscow, were situated the vast estates of Gen. Ignatius Gradowsky, one of the great noblemen of the empire, renowned for tlieir surpassing beauty. The general himself was no longer there. Six months previous to the opening of our narrative he had mysteriously dis appeared, one dark and stormy night, after attending a fashionable party, and was generally supposed to have fallen through an ice- hole into the Neva. This siugulur disappearance was con sidered all the more remarkable because the general's wife, Lady Retta Gradowsky had vanished from her home and family with like suddenness and strangeness five years before. What was the secret ot these startling disappearances, one so much resembling the other ? Nobody knew. _ No one even pretended to offer a definite guess. As was. natural, however, the second disappearance had deepened the mystery of the first, and both had given rise to many appalling suggestions of murder, robbery, and hatred. The riches and honors of the long line of Gradowskys were now centred in an only daughter, who lived retired at the old mansion, in the midst of her serfs, and was seldom seen beyond her own domain. The name of the heiress was Roda. She was a noble girl, gifted, brave and energetic, lovely as sunlight, a splendid musician, a master of French and Latin, skilled in fencing, a fine horsewoman, an excellent shot with pistol or musket, and a diligent student of nearly every form of popular knowledge and science. She was eighteen years of age, lithe, aud graceful, aud yet sinewy and vigorous. She understood every sort of work carried on upon the estate, and had administered her revenues with such masterly care that she was rapidly becoming as re nowned for her capacity and wealth as for her beauty and goodness. The warm bright day was nearly at an ond when Roda came forth from her hooks and figures, looking pale and wearied, and directed her steps into one of the long walks by. which her gardens were traversed. She was, of course, a great sufferer from the strange fates which had befallen her parents, and it was only natural that she was always endeavouring to solve the dreadful questions pressing upon her in regard to them. ?Who could have wrought such wicked ness ? What motive could have prompted it? What object could have been sub served by the double tragedy? and in what form had it been accomplished ? Appalling inquiries ! Upon this day, as upon every day since her crowning misfortune, tho soul of Roda Gi adowsky was absorbed in her afflictions, and yet her calm mien, her clear and earnest eyes, her self- possession, all attested that 6he did not mourn without hope, and that she had schooled herself to bear the burdens thus heavily laid upon her. She had scarcely seated herself in the lovely rustic bower which occupied the midst of thegardens, whenadistinguished poking man bounded lightly over a hedge at the foot of the alley she was facing, and rapidly drew near her. At sight of this jnan Roda started as at sight of a deadly serpent. ' Again that odious creature !' she murmured, with a shudder. ' Will he never cease to intrude upon me?' The new-comer was Col. Girgas Dal, one of the most prominent of the minor favorites of the empress. He was iu active command of a regiment of favorite guards. His abode had been for years the imperial palaces. He not only stood high in the confidence of the empress, but ho was her chosen instrument for many a delicate mifsion. His age was believed to be about forty, although he professed to he younger. He was . popu- 1 lar in the highest circles of society, as ' much for his sociable qualities, perhaps, as for his dazz.ing position. He was even accounted handsome, after a somewhat sinister type. He was dressed in n showy uniform, and the badges of several enviable orders were displayed upon his broad breast. Roda nerved herself as lie approached towards her with outward civility. ' I was sure the fine weather would call yon forth, Miss Gradowsky, exactly as sunshine calls forth the flowers,' said Col. Dal, in a careful modulated voice, as he bowed low before the beautiful girl, ' and happening to be passing, I thought I woald itgaiu take the liberty of calling to pay homage to your matchless loveli ness 1' Roda bowed a conventional acknowledg ment, indicating a seat opposite her own. ' It is strange, Col. Dal,' she said, ?with a bright and piquant smile, ' how often you 1 happen' to be ' passing.' As often, as every other day, Itliink, j and yet I reside a score of versts from the capital, your post of duty.. You must really permit me to admire the horses you are in the habit of riding.' Col. Dal lauuhed admiringly, assuming j his mo-t engaging air. ' I plead guilty to having a design in my frequent visits,' he declared. I come here as naturally as a moth seeks a flame. True, you have rejected my offers of marriage repeatedly, but I have not yet ceased to hope, and to-day I have tbe honor and pleasure of bringing you a message that can hardly fail to strengthen my prayers.' He placed in Roda's hand a letter, hearing the arms of the empire and the j seal of the empress. It read as follows : -' Tho Empress of all the Russias has too much heart to force the heart of a subject, But she recommends especially the suit of Col. Girgas Dal to the heiress of the noble house of Giadowsky. ' Catheeine' This communication was equivalent, in court etiquette, to a command to marry its bearer, and, as such, it naturally created a profound commotion in the soul of our heroine ; but she soon displayed a fair equanimity. . 'I ara sure her majesty tvill never , force me into an uowelcome marriage,' she said, in an icy tone of voice. ' I am confident, too, Col. Dal, that your good sense will show you the impropriety of these distressing attentions. I still adhere to all my former declarations, of course. I can never, never be your wife 1' The officer looked as if he could not believe the evidences of his senses. ' What ! you will fly before the face of her majesty's wishes ?' he exclaimed, with illconeealed anger. '? I will, of course write to the empress, or tell her my personal reasons,' said Roda, ' and I have no doubt she will find them sufficient.' ' May I ask what those reasons are?' ' I have given yon many of them often enough already, sir,' replied Roda. ' The first of my reasons for rejecting your suit is, that I do riot love you. The others, I think, may well be omitted.' ' I dare say I can guess why even the wishes of tho great Catherine hnve no weight with you,1' sneered Dal, his taking the jealous turn so natural to a mind of his class. ' The coldness you evince for me is probably the counterpoise of the warmth you feel for another !' Roda flushed under his burning gaze. ' I see that I am right,' pursued Dal, huskily, after scanning her features. ' You love another 1' The fair girl sat silent, growing roseate with every pulsation. And this was one of those cases where silence is indeed assent. ' If my theory of your conduct is cor rect, MissJGradowsky,' murmured Dal, as he arose with a saddened and resigned air, ' I can only tow to the decrees of destiny, at the same time that they rend my very vitals !' Tlie remark gave our heroine a hops she had never before experienced. Per haps there was something good in this man, after all ? Perhaps she could now set at rest forever the whole vexatious question? Perhaps he would respect her frankness, and become her friend and well-wisher in ceasing to be a suitor ? ' Your generous resignation, Co'onel Dal,' she said, as she also arose, ' induces me to place additional confidence in you. Why need I keep from you a fact that is already being whispered in quite a largo circle? It is true — as you have sug gested — that I love another !' Only his habits of military education could have preserved to Dal his selfcom mand at that avowal. ' But do not suppose, sir,' proceeded Roda,with deep feeling, 'that my thoughts arc of love and marriage, or even of tho ordinary blessings of existence. My thoughts are in ihe dread abysses which have swallowed up my parents 1 By what horrible deaths have they been swept from the world. Or in what awful depths of suffering and wrong are they to-day adding to the slow tortures of a dreadful captivity ? These ore the thoughts which crowd my soul at all hours and in all places, Colonel Dal, and which would — make marriage with even the man I love appear a profanation and a mockery.' Tlie brave, sweet girl had attained to a glorious height of self-sacrifice and self, abnegation. Her clear eyes shown like stars, as if they had explored tho utmost depths of human feeling. Colonel Dal came a step nearer, with a faco that was at once a revelation and a puzzle. ' Believe me, Miss Gradowsky,' he said, in a voice tremulous with an emotion that might easily have, passed for sym pathy, 'I have not been unmindful of your sufferings, nor have I been idle. Perhaps no man in the empire has sought as earnestly as I to solve the mystery ol youv fathers' dissapearance, and especially your mother's. I will even go 3 step further,' and he bent a curiously keen glance upon our heroine, ' and ft vow that I believe both of your parents to be living, and they will eventually be re stored to you 1' ' Oh, what if it could be so 1' The soul of Roda seemed to be exhaled in that one wild aspiration. Col. Dal threw himself upon his knees at her feet, seizing her hand. ' What if it could be so ?' he demanded, in a hollow whisper. Will you marry the man that restores your father to you ?' He hung upon ths answer as if life itself were depending upon it ! ' No, s:r, unlpss that man should be the one who has already had my promise,' waB the girl's response, as she sought with all the force of bar soul to read the features of the man before her, knowing that terrible secrets existed beneath their smooth surface. ' I-i a word, Colonel Dal, not unless that man weye Captain Marko Tyre 1' The utterance of tbat name proved as j startling as the explosion of a bomb. Tho officer started to his feet as if electrified, recoiling several paces aud turuiug deathly pale. ' Captaiu Marko Tyre 1' he repeated. ' Yes, sir ! Captain Marko Tyro is my ;bot-rothod huaband,' said Roda, ' and I have ventured to name him in the hope that you will .become mv friend, even as you are Captain Tyro's command ing officer. Sooner or .later — and very soon in all probability— you would learn in society JwJio is the.man of my choice, anil j! am sure it is honorable to us bpth, under the circumstances, that you Dow have had here the avowal of my pre ference from my ownlips. My betrothal to Captain Tyre is, of course, subject to her majesty's approval, but the empress has already honored Captain Tyre so j much that wa have' do doubt of securing the imperial consent to our union. ' Col. Dal was still dumb' with the con sternation which had taken possession of him. '? I may add, sir, tbat wedi not pro- ? pose to marry at present,' added Roda ?svith a sigh. ' We must first clear up i this withering incubus respecting the fate of my late parents 1' The evil face of Dal brightened, ' You'll be siugle a long time, then,'' was his thought. For one brief instant longer he seemed undecided as to his course — whether to unbosom his actual sentiments or to con ceal them. Then he seized the hand of our heroine, wringing it violently, and retired precipitately to tha entrance of the bower. ' I carry death away in my soul, His? Gradowsky,' he exclaimed, sadly, halting and iooking back, ' but I am glad I came ! I not only uuderstandyou better, but I admire and love you more ! Balieve me you will always have in me a fiacere friend aud admirer — a brother. And with this heslipped away rapidly, vanishing us he had come. Once fairly beyond tlie girl's gaze, tbe face of Col. Girgas Dal underwent a notable change of expression. All the vilenoss of his nature Slamed from it. 'Tlie innocent 1 to tell uiu that Capt. Tyre is her lover and my rival !' he ejaculated, as lie put spurs to bis horse. ' It will be the easiest thing in the world far Ge to compass his destruction ! I am his superior officer, high in the favor j of the empress, cunning, plausible, ! and untiring — everything demanded by I the occasion. And 1 not only love the girl to madness, but I cannot and will not look the future in the face for a moment upon any such basis as seeiug her another's. More than that, I need to handle the revenues of her vast estate — and to get hold of them quickly — in order to pay tie debts by which I am : annoyed and hampered. Let Capt. Tyre look well to himself, therefore ! Withiu a week he will have resigned all pre tension to the band of Miss Gradowsky ? — or he wi'l have been gathered to his fathers !' CHAPTER II. A STARTLING FATALITY. Catherine Sec -nd, Empie3s of all tbe Russias, was seated beside an elegantly inlaid table in one of the apartments of the Winter Palace at St. Petersburg. She was iu the, full glory of her power as a sovereign, and in the ripest develop ment of her beauty, a woman, but these circumstances did not emancipate her from corroding thoughts and passions. Her face was singularly stern and her eyes gleamed with deep feelings, in which wrath and surprise were prominent ' Must these audacious conspiracies against me continue forever ?' she mur mured, throwing upon the table a report shu had been reading ' I thought I got rid of them in getting rid of Gradowsky ! Why don't these desperate plotters let me alone ? Have I not been too lenient in my dealings with them 1 It is well that my mind is made up to make ex amples of tliein hereafter ! Let thera complain, if they continue to menace my life and throne, when I send them to the scaffold ?' TLie sound of footsteps suddenly en gaged the attention of the empress, appronchiug the wide double doors at the end of he apartment. One of the doors was thrown open gen tly, aud the two men entered. ' Captain M rko Tyre,' announced the foremost nf these men, a chamberlain, bowing profoundly, aud at the same time presenting the officer who had followed him into the imperial presence. The umpress made an almost imper ceptible' gesture, and the chamberlain, vanished. Then the sovereign turned a graoious countenance upon thenew-comeiv 'who had promptly knelt at her feet. ' I have sent for you, Captaiu Tyre,' ' said Catherine, commanding him with a' gesture to rise, ' to render me an im portant Berviee.' ' Your majesty fe kindness itself, us; well as incarnate glory,' returned Capt. Tyro, with a, sonorous voice that filled the vast apartment. ' T am: tlie least of your subjects, but I yield to none in my zeal arid devotion.' The empress smiled still more graciously I as she motioned the visitor to take a seat near her. Sovereign as she was, sire was still a woman, and the warmth of Capt. Tyre's enthusiasm in her service did not fail to touch her. She scanned , his manly form closely — and indeed, he was a picture well worthy of the imperial lady's adtnira tion. ' Be seated, Captain,' she invited. Marko took the proffered chair, hut not without blushing, to the roots of his hair at finding himself thus established upon the footing of a favorite. Then he in clined his head profoundly, listening and holding his breath. ' You are young to be chosen for such work, Captain,' resumed the empress, with a heightened glow upon her fair. German face and in her eyes. ' Yes, your majesty barely two and twenty. But service, not age. i6 the groat essential of promotion or favorable regard, and your majesty has been quick to note that I had the honor to be useful.' ' I like you, boy ?' said Catherine, 'with the abrupt frankness which was one of her 1 characteristics. ' I see that my recollec tions of yon were quite correct. You are hardy, brave, devoted — lion-like and grand. I see no end to the glorious career that is opeuing to you.' Tlie young hero lost coior at the fervor of these commendations. ' Spare me, your majesty,' he implored, nervously. ' If I am anything more thau the humblest of the dust at your majesty's feet, it is to the great Catherine that the fact is owing.' The eyes of the empress had scarcely been turned away from the visitor since bis entrancp, and again her face glowed with a quickened pulsation. ' As I live,' she mnrmured under her breath, ' here is that ram avis— a hero who is also modest, and an honest man who is also a courtier 1 Orloff himself has not said anything neater in years ' Then she aroused herself to business. ' You have some ambition to rise in the wovld, of course, Capt. Tyre ?' she demanded, as she toyed with her bracelets, still surveying him admiringly. ' Certainly, your majesty — an ambition to be useful to the great throne your majesty ha; established, and to the g eat people your mafesty has called for nothing ness. An ambition to deserve the great Catherine's approval in all duties intrusted to me.'' ' .letter and better,' murmured Catherine, abstractedly. ' I believe you are alone in the world, without friends or champions ? Have you not lost yoar parents?' Marko bowed, a great shadow crossing his features, as if questions of grave im part were involved in that inquiry. ' And is there really no one near and dear to you to rejoice in the career upon ' which yonhavesocommandingly entered?' asked Catherine.' The boyish and yet grand face of our hero brightened and flushed as if by magic. His tall aud robust figure seemed to ex pand and vibrate with joy. The firm out lines of his features yielded to a smile of ineffable sweetness. ' Yes, your majesty,' he acknowledged, with pride and pleasure. ' There is one sweet being who, like our gracious empress, designs to think far better of me than I deserve.' ' At an early day you shall tell me all about her, Capt. Tyre,' said Catherine, graciously. '? We will now proceed to business.' Taking a sealed ietter from the host of official documents that covered the table, she passed the same to Marko, and said ; ' Take this letter to Gov. Mosty, at the 1 Fortress, and follow whither he shall lead i — to a coll iu the prison. The moment ; he has left you, you will open by yourself j this second paper of instructions,' and j shehnnded him an official document. bearing a seal, ' and will at once execute tbe { orders herein given.' . ; Marko stowed away the letters in his ! pocket, arising to his feet, and commencing j a backward movement in the direction of j the door by .which he had entered. 'As so.in as these orders have been ' executed, Capt. Tyro;' ad'ded1 Catherihe, - ' you will pt-eseht yourself here, by virtuo I of a ring I now give you, and will report ' to trite in person' the execution of my ; wishos. Never miud the lateness' of the 1 hour.. My feelings are enlisted in tho 1 business. - v ? ! Once more Marko bowed low to his ' sovereign; and- then, in obedience to a i graceful motion of the imperial hand,- he took his departure. _ j He was a thrill of joyous excitement. 1 ' How glad Roda will be when she - hears how kindly I have been^ treated ?' he said to himself, as he issued from the palace. ' All I have to do is to bo worthy ; of the high confidence reposed in me, and J my fortune is made !' ' 'How bright liis life had suddenly be come? Not only love,- but fortuiie ami power were smiling on him ! . ] The evoning was well advanced, but the J theatres had not yet closed, and the 1 palaces of the nobility were brilliantly lightened and peopled, and the streets 1 were as animated and gay as Marko had ' ever seen thein,- so that lie was lost in the midst of a crowd as he took his way briskly to his destination. ' Arriving at the Fortress, or Prison of ' State, which was then a vast pile of gloomy - and rambling stone buildings upon the I right bank of the Neva, Marko lost no , time in securing admittance. ' The governor was in his office, and ' received Marko with the respect due a man in high official position. ' ' I bring a IcUer.from liermajestytoyour excellency,' announced our hero, in brief but courteous phrase, as he handed- over the document in question. Governor Mosty slipped on his spectacles and ran his eyes hastily over the imperial communication. A single brief tremor shook his frame, and then he seized and lighted a lantern. ' This way, Capt. Tyre,' he invited. Passing inward from the office, or reception-room, Governor Mosty led the way into a gloomy corridor which ramified into many others, and turned repeatedly, with various ascents and descents, and finally terminated at the door of an iron bound dungeon, which lay in deepest black ness, with such slime aud dampness oozing from its walls that .Marko could not even look at it with out a- shudder. He had never before found himself in a place of 6iich tarrible appearance. ' No.- 47,'' muttered the governor, elevating his lantern. ' This is the place 1' Producing a massive key, Governor Mosty unlocked and opened the door of the dungeon, its hinges grating, and squeaking dismally. ' Walk in-,- Captain,' he invited, passing his lantern to Marko. ' No. AT is one of her majesty's pet lambs' — as wa are in the habit of calling those she designs to honor with such especial and dangerous attention. My action ends here, Captain Tyre,' and he folded up tbe sheet of instructions Marko bad brought him- and thrust it into bis pocket, '? For tbe rest you have — as I am informed — your own especial in structions.' And with this Governor Mosty re treated in the direction he had come. - It was not without deep emotion that Marko stepped into the yawning mouth of the cell, which was even gloomier and damper than the horrible passages by which he hanl reached it. He even then experienced a thrill of unquiet bordering upon apprehension, tue whole situation in which Ire found himself was so new and so novel. A scampering of rats startled liin-, as he thus entered tha cell. For a moment bis gaze, in tbe murky dimness around him, which his lantern failed to dissipate, could not make out bis surroundings distiuctly, and it was not until a human figure started up from the floor, slowly,' and with great apparent effort, that his eyes became capable of fixing the dismal aspect of the scene. Then he recoiled abruptly. ' In mercy's name,' ejaculated the young officer, excitedly, ' am I mad 1 or am I really tace to facer with General Gradowsky 7' The figure steadied itself against the wall, coming nearer, aud looking ail the more ghostly sis the more plainly it became risible. It was the figure of a once hardy and robust man, of scarcely more than middle age, but of one who had been rendered prematurely o'd by imprison ment in the midst of the horrors and rigors by which h® was now surrounded, i The face of the prisoner looked as haggard and rigid as the features of a corpse. His eyes were sunken deeply in ' their socket, and his frame so weafc that he could ridt hold' himself erect; without standing against the wall. And pet there was apparent in the- aspect of Jim man a rare nobility of character,- an1 inusual intelligence, a dauntless courage, which no amount of' persecution could bave extinguished, except with his life or reason. ' 'Yes, I am GeDBail Gradowsky,' replied the prisoner,- hollowly, shading bis eyes with1 his bands from the rays of tho lantern,- thfet lie might see his visitor, :1 and yon, £ sen— you are MurkoTyre ?' It would have been liurd to say which of the two men were most over' |oyed by the meeting. They embraced like men returned from the dead. ' You- live, then, General?' crind Marko, holding the washed form to ljis iieart, while their tears mingled. What joy to discover the facte and see yoiv igain. We all' supposed you dead; liven Roda thinks so — or at least fears' 50 — the months have hung so heaviiy 5ii her hands since your strange disappear ance'' ? ' I have been here ever since my wwsst, !- declared Gradowsky. ' I Have been accused of awful crimes' to the ? ampress, and simulated proofs of my guilt must have been furnished her, to judge by the rigor with which I have' been trea 1 -d. You can see how I have been starved and chilled aud tortured. Even my r me has been suppressed. I am known here' only by tbe number of my cell — as No. 47 ! But tell me about mv poor Roda, Marko ! Is she olive and well?' ' As well, sir, as her grief will allow' her to be,' answered Marko, ' but very unhapy. How could it be otherwise while your fats remaius such an incubus upon her 1 She has died a thousand deaths daily since that awful night.' The prisoner's tears flowed in torrents. His wasted form shook convulsively. 'Perhaps it -ill cheer you to know,, sir,' added Ife-ie, after a moment's re flection, ' that I have been often with Roda during all these long aud terrible months of your auseuue; and that — juidv that, in fact, we have learned to think alt the world of each other.' 'Indeed, Marko 1' commented the general, seeming to acquire uew life, as he-put his hand on our hero's shoulders and looked him into the face.* ''I am glad to hear the dear child has uot Leen friendless. How much you have grown too? I see you have been promoted,, andare now a captain !' A shadow fell- upon Marko's face. ' That brings me back to myself,' he exclaimed, with his whole soul a prey to the wildest emotions. ' Excuse ine a. moment, General, nnd I will read my orders — which, no doubt,' he added, with a sudden thrill of joy, 'cancel -a your restoration to freedom and to Roda. Tbe empress is as good and kind as a mother, and has doubtless assured, her* self tbat you have been unjustly im prisoned. Perhaps you have been called* to active seryicp, Let's see.?' Trembling with eagerness, Marko ? opened the sealed instructions, which bad been given him by Catherine. 'Ho read as follows : — ? ' With three soldiers oi the Fortress, all folly armed, aud supplied witU co da and weights (tQ be furnished by Gov. Mosty upon demand.) yon will tnk-ethis piigoaer, No. 47, io:ir vorsts clue wutof tlie cxtr me point of Kresoffehy Island , there binti him band aud foot, gag him; weight him hcavil.r, and s nd,him to the bottom of the Gulf, tiaiti ,g after he lias disappeared, thirty minutes uefore you leave the split-where you iast saw him.'' Tho sound tha£ came from the lips of Marko Tyre, as he reached the signature at the bottom, of tiiis awful page, seemed sea rcely human. A more painful shock — a more dreadful revulsion, of feeling- — was never given a hathar. being ! ' What alls you boy ? ' demanded the general. ' You are as white as a ghost !? You tremble 1 You are i 1 — dying !' Marko rallied. A few irrepressible shudders, a single balf-nttered groan, - anil )-« stood up c.i.mci- auii stronger .and grander thai* ever sue-')- was his self coutrol. ' Let we read ya ; i;,y orders, Gfneiat Gr.i iowiiky, ' he .-wi.;. 'You will «# tbat tbey c.-Mii-.-::-;, jlosely.' He ha«-^-i.-;, i;.i ,-.;t upon this pro positi Tiie « '-..'.i.ieral Gradowsky wart no tli.m. an «-.m — the surprise of t}ttf pri-;.:.«r ro Nevertheless, the afir* ? I;..; he had suffered, whs lijiiiii-..!),-. ;*?« Lvi niied and appalled tJian J'ji.: i isii r. '' '.''hat'.- Jj ri/h'., iUtuko,' ho corn ' 'iV !:e me forth ! - -Do /«!?? ' m old man, broken ! and useless— ^jiist ready to tum ble into the grave 1 . God will look after iny poor daughter I . I go to join my wife in heaven—' Hush, Genera';' interrupted Marko. 'No word more I I have never dreamed of such -a fatality as this, but it shall not find' me wanting in (lie quantities and deeds demanded by it ! Hush I say I I have orders to take you forth from this place, Gen. Gradowsky, and I Bhall take you forth accordingly, but hot to the horrible fate commauded — oh, no 1 I t ike' you forth to freedom — to Roda. ' Hold, boy ! ' This is treason — ' 'Yes, General 1 this is treason! From this moment I turn traitor to her majesty ! Not a word more — not a word ! No delay — not an instant I I Will save you, or die, General. Come 1 ' A moment later, he went forth from that loathsome dnngeon, with Gra dofftky leaning heavily upon him. Horrible destiny ! which had forced Marko at the very treshold of a grand fcareer to become a traitor to his sovereign ! Thrice horrible destiny ! if that treason should not save his friend, and only result in his own des truction ) (To be continued.) 