MORE GHOST STOBIES UNVEILED, . ON the above subjeot, a correspondent Bends us the following A few yeara ago I removed into ft new ana larger houBe with ft young family. Some nights alter my removal I was awakened In the middle of the night by a dlstinot knock ing twloe or thvloo repeated at my bedroom door, I oalled out: .. Who'fl there ?" There was no reply 5 but after an interval of a few minutes the kuoeklng was repeated as dis tinctly as before. Again the same question: »Who'B there ? " and again no reply: but again oame the knooking, If possible more dlstinot and louder than before, and just as if a person outside in the lobby had struck, sharply ^Ith his knuckles on the door, I sprang rapidly from bad on its being repeated, and rushed to the bedroom door and opened It, determined to oatob tho knoolier, But ihera was no one outside; and no ono ooald have eHoaped.dowa the slairoase, whioli waB what is called a well-staircase, brilliantly 1 lighted with a flood of moonlight, whioli | «treaxaed through the skylight wludow, I am not; and .nover was spirit-stricken or superstitious; but-1 will oonfesa my sensa tions now beoame trying; my heart bogau to throb, and I returned to bed with eais painfully awake. Again oame the knocking, clear and distinct and methodical as before. Although f«ellug very unoaoy, I crept silently out of bed and stretched myself on tho floor with my head on the bowels and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find out if pos sible from what part of tho door tho knock ing proceeded. Again it oamo as bufore, and I oould distinctly refer it to the lowest p<»rt or pine! of the door. I oaddeuly opoued the door; but with the eamo ronult no before ; and again I lay in my former position, Again oame tho knocking, throo or four diatlnofctapa 5 and now fixing my eyoa uteartily on the spot from whioli tho tapping prooeedod, I saw the knuoklo bono of a log of lamb, about the size of a very email walnut, jerked repeatedly flgftlnat the /ilnrfcmf- that lay alongside tho door. The akU'iiug was thiunox than tho aouudiug-boaril of a piano j aiad it was tho sudden tapping of tho littlo boao against tho nounding-bofti'd that produued the repeated Jmoolsmg, But how waa the tapping produced P II,y a mouse that had found its way along tho hollow space behind the wainscot. It had noted a holo ia tho very lowest part of the wainscot, very nearly on a level with the floor, had found its littlo bono loff. after tho children^ dinnor, and bad dragged it to the entrance of ita holo, but oould not got it through. It had dragged through tho tough bit of sinew whioli is attached to tho end of tho bona-popularly known In mutton as the GonUoman'o Bono ond was trying by jerking it backwards to bring tho bone itself through ; and oaoh jerk gave ft blow against tho thin, sounding board, and oaoh blow gavo out tho sound or mysterious knock, IIa$ J. not discovered this, no reasoning oould havo convinced me that I had not hoard Itnooka. at my bodroom door; and I ahould in all probability have attributed them to what io tormcd super natural agency. My next oxporiouoo wao if possible mora ppsssillng. In tho neighbourhood of .Dublin, on tho rooky soa-ooadt of Dalkoy, there are ?Boveral nasties nupposnd to havo boon oreoted by the ParieB for the protection of their tradors. They uro still In fair preservation, and havo dwolling-houseo of modern con struction built agaiunt thorn, Ono of these old castles atando on tho very vorgo of the bea, over what wuh ouce a rooky inlet, but ia now a harbour oullod Bullock Harbour, along tho opposite ttldo of which is a row of fi.ihermen'o oottugos, principally inhabited by men who earn their livelihood as pilots, ' Tho dweHing'hotuio nfUohod to tliitj old oictlo I with my family occupied in tho * summer, for health's sake and to enjoy boat ing, of which I was fond. I observed some time after talcing up my residence iu it, that no matter at what time I retired to bed-and I gonerally sat up ono or two hours after the othor members of my family had retired tho sorvants from tho kitchen story selected tho aamo momoni for their departure. This unceasing regularity booamo at last annoying, and I insisted on knowing tho oauao, Tho information given to mo was that tho old cattle and houso were haunted, and that for »o induoomont would the set'' vawt's remain after X had ascended from the parlour, I had now reason for thinking there was eorno ground for tho foaru. Tho pantry particularly, and tho rest of the houaa with it, were walked over by footsteps at night. These wove plainly heard; and there was added an additional aggravation; for, not content with this, tho "supernatural" visitor began to do mischief, and gonerally in the gray of tho morniug rnado -froo with eatables and pots of jam on tho shelves, oooaaionally breaking a glass or plate I To add to tho mystery, though tho pantry was carefully looked every night the depredations BtiU continued, and at length tho terror ol each night's viultation buoawo greater and greater, and tho various stories began to bo circulated, one being that tho visitant v/no the spirit ol a nun condemned to suffer the pangs of hunger for come transgression. This was supported by tho chcumotanco of the old oastie and grounds having been gome years before oocupiod as a convent, Tho only opening into tho pantry waa through a ventilator in tho roof, very high up, and ad joining one of the lofty walls of tho oid oastie. Through this no human boing oould obtain an entrance; but it was entered by a monkey, who oame to it iu this way. One of the pilot-boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to Believe tho ono on duty, when tho monlioy, siok I suppose of tho soa, and doterminod not to lose the opportunity, jumped into tho boat, and on neariug tho shore, jumped out again, and sought tho nearest oholtor, whioli happened to bo the old entitle. Tho ship was from the West Indies, ludon with su^ar, The monkey, though missed from the homeward bound, was unnotiood by tho pilot crew, and finding his way from tho castle to tho ven tilator of tho adjoining dwelling- house pantry, Bought to allay his hunger there when all was quiet at night. By day, the creature lay hidden in the old oastie; and it was only after ft lapse of many days and nights that Eoor Jaoko was discovered peeping out from is lodging in the old Norman keep I It not unfrequ'ently happens that houpes are haunted, and kept haunted, by oertain persons who have a direct interest in keeping up the Billy triok. In the same neighbour hood-tho neighbourhood of the old castle was a house reputed to be haunted, and whloh has maintained Its reputation for more than two summers, Footsteps are .heard at niubt, doors are slammed, and on one ooca bIou, jugs of water have been poured upon some members of the family, to their great diieomfort. The ghost has been olever, and has sot yet been oaugbt; but the volution is not far to And, as the oare-taker has a com fortable residenoe gratis, whioli is lost when the bouse is let and oooupied for the season. I -Chamber's Journal Aim'UL YOUTH.-OUO of * our female toaohers thraitouod to koop au unruly boy fifteen miuutes nftor school. "I -wish you'd malto it half un hour," said tlio ttppreoiativo youth, " for you'ro the prettiest teaoher iu this town." PUTTING A FINE POINT ON IT.-A widow, whoso husband's artistio perceptions had caused his houso, to bo ologautlv furnished, married Ills brothor. When fier visitors, after the seooud marriage, complimented her upon the beauty of hor House-furnishing, she nnswered, "Oh, yos, my dear brother-in-law had such gsqulsitc tastes J" 