LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. NICHOLAS. Owing to the rapid growth of the city in North Goulburn district and the consequent increase of the population during the past few years the little church of St. Nicholas has become altogether too small to comfortably seat those who assemble to worship there. In order therefore to meet the requirements of the members of the Church of England it hast been found necessary to build a new and more commodious church. The site chosen is on the summit of a gentle slope at the extreme northern end of Auburn-street, from which a mag- nificent view of the city and surrounding district is obtainable. The church is being built of freestone, and when finished will be called St. Nicholas'. It will consist when complete of a nave, porch, transept, chancel, organ-chamber, vestry, tower, and spire, and will seat about four hundred and thirty persons. At present it is intended to erect only the nave and porch, which will accommodate about two hundred persons, with a small chancel of wood which can be removed when the permanent chancel is added. The church is in the semi- Norman, with its angle shafts and square abacus. The roof will be open and covered with shingles, the interior timbers being all wrought and chamfered. The present nave when complete will measure fifty feet long and twenty four feet wide, the side walls being fifteen feet high. The present state of the funds are unfortunately insufficient to enable the building committee to ex- pend money in finishing the carving of the capitals of the shafts which will pro tem. be left in the rough. On Saturday the corner-stone of the new church was laid by Mrs. Zouch. Notwithstanding that the afternoon was cold, bleak, and cloudy, a large num- ber of people assembled in the present church of St. Nicholas, where a short form of evening prayer was engaged in, the officiating clergy being the Bishop of Goulllurn. Archdeacon Puddicombe, and Canon Soares. The service being ended, a procession was formed outside the church and the assemblage marched two and two to the site of the new church in the follow- ing order: The workmen, one of their number bearing the Union Jack, the Sabbath-school children, each child bearing a colored flag, the building committee, the members of the church, the general public, and the clergy. Slowly the procession wended its way up the hill to where the masons had been at work and gathered round the corner-stone. Between the stone and one of the walls of the build- ing the choir took up their stand, an harmonium having been kindly lent for the occasion, which was presided over by Miss Shepherd. Having sang the hymn, This Stone to Thee in Faith we Lay, the service prescribed for the occasion was read; after which Mr. Liggins read the following document :— St. Nicholas' Church, North Goulburn.—The corner-stone of this church was laid on 19 July, 1879, in the 43rd year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria by Maria Zouch, wife of Captain Zouch; superintendent of police at Goulburn, Sir Alfred Stephen K.C.M.G. and C.B, being the Acting- Governor of New South Wales, the Right Rev. Mesac Thomas D.D. being Lord Bishop of the diocese of Goulburn, and Rev. Wm. May M.A. Incumbent of the parish (and at, present absent on sick leave), the Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe D.D. and Rev. Canon Soares doing duty In his absence. Churchwardens: H. Zouch, E. Twynam, J. Liggins. Building committee: C.S. Alexander, W. C. Harris, Z. Hawkins, H. Hogarth, T. Lewis, J. Liggins, G. Martyr, J. Morgan, E. Twynam, H. H. Voss, G. Wyatt, J. Youngman, and H. Zouch. Architect: Edmund T. Blackett. Hon, clerk of the works: Fredk. Horn. Contractors: J. Banks and R. Minell. C.S. Alexander, acting secretary building com- mittee, 19th July, 1879. This having been placed in a glass bottle, together with copies of the Goulburn Herald and the Penny Post, the whole were placed in a cavity below, the stone and covered with a slate slab. Mr. H. H. Voss, stepping forward, said he had much pleasure, in the name of the building com- mittee, in presenting the, trowel which he held in his hand to the lady who had so kindly consented to lay the corner-stone of the new church. He was very glad that it was their own friend, Mrs Zouch, who was going to lay the corner-stone. He was glad to see the district progressing, and he was happy to be preeset at the laying of the corner-stone of such a neat building on such a beautiful site. He hoped that all present would subscribe liberally towards the building-fund. The amount required to finish the building of the church was £1500. Of this, £900 had already been subscribed, so that they still wanted £600, which he would be glad to see collected before they separated. He trusted that the subscription list would not only be a very long one but also a very rich one, so that the contrators for the building, of whom he had heard every person speak very highly, might get paid for their work. He had been told that the workmen were doing the work remarkably well and witlhout loss of time, and he hoped and trusted that they would be paid for their work before they left the district, and that there would be a sufficient balance left to complete the church and fence in the ground. It aas understood that the very. excellent persons, Mr. and Mrs May, were soon to return, and he hoped they would do all they could to give them pleasure when they did return. No doubt all reli- gious people and all poople who were regular attendants at the church, and who strictly observed the Sabbath would subscribe conscientiously. But he would ask all other persons, persons who were not regular attendants, to subscribe liberally. A tree was known by its fruits. If they did not make an effort to spread religion the country would becomo de- moralized, and larrikinism would increase a hundred- fold. He would therefore entreat all present to sub- scribe and to do all that they could to aid the efforts which were being put forward. There were about nine hundrd Church of England people In the parish, and he would beseech them to bestir them- selves. There were the families of Zouches, the Alexanders, the Harrises, and others who were most indefatigable in their efforts to forward the caue, and none of them ived in the parish. He had very great pleasure in handing the trowel to Mrs. Zouch, and trusted that she might be long spared to see the fruits of the work which she had that day in- augurated. The trowel bears the following inscription:— Presented to Maria Zouch on the occasion of laying the corner-stone of the Church of St. Nicholas, Goulburn, July 19, 1879. Mr. Alexander said that in laying such a block of stone Mrs. Zouch would require a more ponderous instrument than the trowel, and he had in his hand a mallet which the building committee had requested him to present to Mrs. Zouch. After a few remarks as to the sitting accommodation of the church ,he stated that the committee had done everything with the desire to do the best they could for the interests of the North Goulburn church. He had great pleasure in handing the mallet to Mrs. Zouch. Mrs. Zouch having turned over and smoothed down the mortar with her silver trowel re- peated, "forasmuch as Almighty God accepted the purpose of His servants, David and Solomon, to build His temple at Jerusalem, and, nothing doubt- ing but that he favorably alloweth this charitable design of ours to build a house to His glory, I there- fore, on behalf of His church and people, lay this stone of a church (to bear the name of the Church of St. Nicholas) to the honor and glory of the holy, eternal, and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The workmen then lowered the stone into its place and Mrs. Zouch gave it two or three gentle taps with the mallet. His Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn, addressing the assembled people, said on occasions such as the present it was customary for people to offer conscientiously of their means towards a good work which was a benefit to themselves and to the dis- trict. They had just seen the corner-stone laid of St. Nicholas's Church, in which at some future period they would assemble to worsrip the Almighlty God, where they would be taught the way to heaven, there to live in the love and fellowship of the Lord Jesus Christ. In it they would bring up their children in faith so that they might live happily in the present world and die full of blessed hope. Fifteen years ago there were very few churches in Goulburn, and now he could count upwards of ninety in the district. Fifteen years ago he longed to have a church built on that very spot. The site was a most conspicuous one and commanded a grand view of the town and neighbourhood. He hoped there would be a large congregation constantly attending it and trusted that they would go on and prosper from generation to generation. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe considered the present occasion one for hearty congratulation, not only in the parish of North Goulburn, but in every church in the city and the whole of the churches of England in the diocese. The moral effect alone of having a building of this kind in the midst of a large community was very great. Their children could grow up around it and attend its Sunday school. God only could tcll the ultimate result of the work they had just begun in laying that corner- stone. His word would be preached therein, and no one ever preached in vain. He trusted that the means of grace used might rebound to His glory and the salvation of many souls. He was glad to see the way the work in the parish was carried on by so many earnest workers. He was pleased to see so many young folks connected with the Sunday school present. He hoped it would not be long before they all assembled together again, when the whole build- ing was completed, and take part in its consseceration. Canon Soares said they had much to be thankful for. They had to be thankful for having had a fine day, free from rain and wind. They had cause to be thankful because Mrs. Zouch had consented to lay the corner-stone. It was not always that they couldl prevail upon ladies like Mrs. Zouch to come forward and help in a ceremony like this. He spoke from his past experience. In regard to clearing off the debt of six hundred pounds, he would suggest a plan. There were a great many of people who often said "well if such a thing will not happen I will give £5." Well he would suggest that the members of the congregation keep a memorandum-book, in which they can make a note of these things, and if their wishes are granted, let them give the money that they would rather have lost to the church. They would be surprised at the end of a week or month when they looked at the total. If they were to give the tenth part of the amount the church would be opened free of debt. They should try that plan; he was sure it would succeed. After a few remarks by Mr. W. C. Harris, the choir sang The Church's one foundation, after which his Lordship the Bishop pronounced the benediction, and the assemblage dispersed. The amount collected after the laying of the stone was £72 16/7. 