THE BEXD1G0 ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rp.cyjp.Esiios*, orn luome, and our resources. SANDHURST. FRIDAY, MAR. 23, IS79. THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW. XoTU'iTHSTAN'nrxr, the counter attraction of the Industrial Exhibition, we trust the show of the Beudigo Agricultural Society, which will be held to-day and to-morrow on the zv/iuiy's ground, will be well attended, as usual, i,y persons engaged in farming pur suits. If all interested in-agricultural pro ducts attended the show, the ground would bo densely crowded, as ever}' mortal from the cradle to the grave is more or less de pendent 011 agricultural products for exist ence, whereas he may bo able to pull through in a rough and uncomfortable kind of way, without the aid of the arts that embellish ;md adorn life. There are C12 entries, in cluding dairy produce, vegetables, fruit, goods Manufactured from farm products, and miseelhuicous articles, which will be considerably increased, as Mr. Y/eddel!, ihe indefatigable secretary, expects to receive several extra snines before the hour for opening the inhibition. The display of fruit- will it is said be very fine, and it is ex poeitd there will be a magnificent show of grapes. With regard to the lattei' product, all who concern theuis.slyPS about the future prosperity of the district take an active interest in the culture of the vine. There is no doubt whatsoever that the wine industry will be the most permanent of existing industries in this.district. The vintages of Bendigo will probably be an annual source of wealth to the district for ail time, mj it brhi.ves the i'-op!;1 of this generation to patronise societies tli.it en courage agricultural-science whereby t'ne healthy growth and cultivation of the vine may be promoted for the bcnetu of future generations. We find nlso that, through the favor of the houoR'.bk' iir. J. \V. Clarke, of i--;uhury. a steam plough kn-wn as "Fowler and Company's four-fun oiv patent balance plough,'" purchased by that gentleman in Loudon, will be exhibited at the Agricultural show yards for the benetii of fanners, and the advancement of agricultural know ledge in t!iis district. The price of this plough in London was .£13$. so it is very likely it could not have boon imported to this colony much under .i.'LOO. The seal of the lion. W. ,T. Clarke in the advancement of the tanning interests of the colony will he duly appreciated by the farmers of the Uendigo district. l>y the description given of this improved 'steam plough, it is said that each furrow is 14 inches wide and 12 inches deep, which, if necessary, may be increased to a deptli of 15 inches. This implement, will without doubt, be the greatest attraction at the agricultural show, as by the use of a plough driven by steam, and turn ing- over four furrows of I f inches wide each, a mighty saving of labor would be effected. We tind by the A:ift;\iLisian that Iteu^pr^fVte^ai^l'i'i AETlarfcS to mark the appreciation of that society of the benefits conferred by him on the farming interests of die colony. Wo fully enter into tho feelings of the West Bourke Agricultural Society as far as that gentleman's services ill promoting these great industries of the colony are concerned. The weather promises to be fine, and there is a probability that our country cousins will muster strongly, seizing the opportunity to witness the wonders of- the Industrial Exhibition. Our autumn shows,! however, never prove so attractive as .tliose held in the spring... and if J. the'.attend ance should prove to be limited on this occasion, the fact niayije attributed in a great measure to the generally depressed condition of the farmers, ,~Mid in some "de gree to the busy nature of this period of the year, the agriculturists being engaged in ploughing operations, and the vignerons in preparing for the vintage. We shall be very glad, indeed, to find a large interest taken in the show despite the somewhat un favorable auspices under which it will be held. I: will be very cheering to see a good gathering, since it will show that the districts immediately surrounding Sandhurst are in a fairly prosperous state. But the season, so far as our agricultural and horti cultural friends are concerned, has been and continues v> be very bad. and indeed one of the worst known for some years. Far and wide the want of rain is severely felt, and not only are people suffering from a scarcity of water, but in many parts the ground is so hard that ploughing cannot be proceeded with. The delay thus caused is most vexatious, and, unless an early and copious fall of rain takes place, consequences of a very serious nature may be apprehended. In these circumstances it will be no matter for wonder if those whose business it is to till the soil should be found to be ill disposed to make holiday, or to attend a competitive exhibition, in which in more favorable times they would fc-el strongly in terested. At the same time we hope sin cerely that the show may prove a success. • .The Caulk.—Communication was restored oil the Java laud line yesterday. \ve received several irvto»-^oti««5 L'1 messages last niijhc, which will lie fouud published elsewhere. Tut. Zclu War.—Tiie House of Lords, we learn t>y cablegram, has rejected Baron Black ford's motion censuring the policy adopted by the Government regarding the Zulu war, by the substantial majority of 95 votes, the voting being, for the motion 61; against 15G. Her ilAJ£.sry the Queen.— Our cablegrams | informs us that her Majesty the Queen has left ; England on a visit to Italy. The Queensland Loan.—The Queensland loan has Leon successfully lloated at a satisfac tory rate. The amount called for was i'l, 1S4.4SU, the rate of interest offered being 4 per cent., and the minimum £SS 10s. Tenders were sent iu to the amount of £'2,934,000—considerably more than double the sum required, and the whole loan was placed at i.'S9 Is. lid. and up wards. The Exhibition.—The exhibition was very j well attended during the time that it was open yesterday afternoon and evening, and the visi tors evinced a deep interest in looking over the exhibits. We withhold the continuation of our notice of the exhibits until to-morrow, when the work will be resumed in a supplement. The exhibition wiil re-open to-day, at the usual hour. Tin: Watchmen at the Exhibition*.—Wo are informed that the Exhibition committee have decided that the watchmen appointed to look after the exhibition building at night shall be efficiently armed, in order that they may be the better prepared to protect the property inside the enclosure and buildings in the event of any attempt being Kiade by thieves to obtain plunder. This is a very wise and lieoes sarv precaution, for although the more valuable of the exhibits, such as jewellery, etc., are put away securely each night at the close of the exhibition, there are yet, of course, numerous other articles which might readily be seized if access were once gained to the building, and the watchmen overpowered. It is gratifying to know, however, that such an event as this is not now likely to happen, as each of the men iu charge will have two loaded revolvers readily available to enable them to res jot intrusion. As an additional precaution, arrangements are to be made so that an alarm can be sounded ii neces sary, and the police called to the building. St. Peteh's Church Akt Union.—We have been asked by the secretary, Mr. S. G. Cole, to explain in reply to enquiries as to the date upon which the drawing is to take place that the committee and himself are most anxious to bring tl;e matter to a close, but their efforts have been greatly impeded by the action of some of their agents iu distant parts of the colonies in failing to semi in their returns and to pay for the tickets that they have sold. The secretary informs us that a meeting of tiie com mittee will be held on Monday next, when the date of drawing will be finally determined, and due notice given by advertisement. From our knowledge of the gentlemen connected with the enterprise we feel sure that the delay in draw ing has not been their fault, and they will do their btst to get the matter olT as speedilv as ossible. Departure of a Local Pressman.—Last evening a most flattering compliment was paid to a member of the stall of the Hemugo Ad vertiser (Mr. G. F. H. Schulcr) who has been employed on tile literary staff oi this journal for the last six years, and is now leaving to take ail appointment on a metropolitan journal, lie was banqueted by a number of iiuiuentuil gentlemen, representing every interest oi the community. The Mayor (Mr. D. 0. Sterry) occupied the chair, and Mr. K. Clark, M.L.A., the vice-chair. Mr. M'lutvre, M.L.A., was amongst those present, together with Messrs. WocdwarJ, Samuels, I', Tliora, T. Ellison, G. P. Joseph, V>". Hemming, A. Ilruhn, Kirbv, Dillon, King, Kipper, E. L. Marks, Miller, Trier, Haverlield, and the hou. secretary of the movement, Mr. S. Max. The banquet, which was held at the View Point Hotel, was got up in a manner highly creditable to host Hemming, who was warmly complimented by the company for the excellent taste dis played. Daring the evening Mr. Sehuler •.vas presented by the chairman with a valu able set of diamond studs, purchased by his friends as a mark of their esteem. A very pleasant evening ii'43 spout, the whole affair being highly oompliraentary to the re cipient of the honor, who, as 3 young man holding the position of a reporter, may con gratulate himself 011 having secured so much respect, flis connection with this journal, covered by {j!!TJS»lf with the view of pushing his iortunsa as a presjm^n in Melbourne, ceases this week. On Saturday evening last he was entertained at the Metro politan hotel by most of the members of the various departments of this journal, about thirty being present, by whom he was wished God-speed in a most heart}- and sincere manner. Too much praise cannot be given to ho.ro Sawers for the admirable and elegant manner u. which the tables were prepared. Probate.—We observe from our Melbourne correspondent's letter that, in the Supreme Court yesterday, probate was granted to the will of the late Mr. James Clough, of Sand hurst. The amount was sworn at £S25. The reported case of sticking up at Napoleons, near Ballarkt, has proved to be a fabrication. A Presentation.—His Exec-Honey tho tiovernor. during his visit to tho Sandhurst In dustrial Exhibition, was presented with a i:n-mento of the invasion bv liis Worship tin1 Mayor. ••u behalf of Messrs. Joseph and C.\\. u\ , the >hape ot a wrv handsome pair of sdvor mounted telephones, and which are on view at Messrs. Joseoh and Co.'s show case in the exhi bition. Fatai. Mining Accii>knt.—Tho man Josiah tiiuuey. who was seriously injured in the Cen tral Catherine CompanyV claim. EaglehawU, on | Clio I^*h inst., died at his v<;ideneo from 1110 j clients ot itie accident on Wednesday morning, j Ho was at work at the ."H) feet level, when j seine ground foil upon him. The coroner, Mr. j Sirioklaiiii, on Wednesday mornin :. at the eon* | elusion of the inquest on the boy Uodda, who j was drowned in tho Eaglehawk channel, com- | meneed an inquest in the Mount Pleasant Hotel. | at the desire ot the deceased's friends, who wished ti:e burial 10 take place before Mr. Strickland returned from Fenii hurst, to which place he was about to pro- | cecd. Only the medical evidence was taken. IV. Thorn deposed that, tho deceased was the miniug manager of the Central Catherine Com pany, Witness was called to the claim on the tS:h ins:,, and found the deceased had mot Willi an accident, lie was conveyed to his residence, when it was found that his right arm was broken above the wrist, and the hand was very much bruised. The fibula of the right leg was also broken. There was a severe scalp wound on the back part of the head, and there were also other external injuries. AU the ex ternal injuries were progressing favorably, but deceased died from internal injuries, more especially in the region of the pelvi*. The in jui ies described were no doubt occasioned by a Jail of ground in the mine where the deceased was employed. The inquest was then adjourned to the -ad proximo, at live p.m., at the Camp Hotel, Eagiehawk, when the evidence of the Ins LH-ctor i't Mines and other neeossarv m.i\,-w.-kui.W«> ciip the following from an Ayoca paper:—No young gentleman of so brief a residence amongst us as" Mr. \Y:i!!, clerk of courts, was more generally respected for genial maimers and unassuming worth,i amf the announcement of his somewhat sudden ami serious illness was received with deep regret wherever he was known. Wo feel great plea sure, therefore, in conveying to Mr. Wall's numerous friends an assurance of ins convales cence, although the probability is that he will .not be able to discharge the duties of his oliice for some mouths. _ The Victorias In i'ken'atioxal Exhibition'. —The Executive Commissioners of the Inter national Exhibition, Melbourne, viz.:—Messrs. Casey, Zivenboom, Dixon, ami Bosisto. ac companied by His Worship the Mayor, Coun cillors Bayne and Mr. K. 1). Bannister, visited yesterday morniug the Steam Granite Polishing "Works of Mr. James Taylor, Mitchell-street, who fully explained to the visitors the machi nery and process of polishing the Harcourt granite. The visitors took great interest in all they saw. Mr. Cascv invited Mr. Taylor to semi some specimens of his monuments to the Vic torian Court at the International Exhibition of Sydney. Tue highly liuished specimens of worked granite were much admired, and the local industry thought much or. Messrs. 2evenboom and Dixou being obliged to leave by the noon train for Melbourne, could not avail themselves of the next visit contemplated to Mr. Guthrie's Pottery Works at Epsom, where the party drove to, and were received by the proprietor, who conducted them over his ex tensive works, showing and explaining all the various processes of preparing the clay to be manipulated into the numerous forms of the potter's art. Everything was carefully explained by ilr. Guthrie to the evident interest of the visitors, who' spoke iu the highest terms of all they saw, anil expressed great pleasure at seeing such r, very important colonial industry in full swing, of which the Beiuli^onians mav well be proud. The progress made in this in dustry is highly interesting, and from the un tiring energy of the proprietor much greater re sults will yet be achieved. Mr. Guthrie was invited to send an assortment of his wares to the Victorian Court of the coming Sydney Ex hibition, aud has promised to do so, so that Sandhurst will be well represented, aud we are sure that in the hands of Mr. Bannister, the best interests of the exhibitors will receive every attention, to many of whom he is well known, Constable Mclhep.on's Death.—An inquest was held yesterday upon the body of the late Constable Mulheron at the Hibernia Hotel, Golden-square. The medical evidence showed that the cause of death was heart disease. Constable Sheridan in his evidence stated that a family of six children were now without either parent, the eldest aged 12 years, and the youngest 13 months. By their lather's sudden .leccase they have been left totally unprovided fur. CauisUWi'tiiis titi". louu DCrioil Conital.l,. Mulheron had been iu the service, viz., 22 years, the Minister of Justice might see the propriety of giving this really distressing case his favorable consideration. The funeral of the deceased w;w largely attended, the mourners including a large number of the constabulary. The burial tool; place yesterday afternoon in the Back Creek Cemetery. .Mining Meetings This Day.—Victory (ex traordinary), Crofts, 3; Hibernia .Railway .Re serve, Xeeson, 3; Sandhurst and liaglehawk Pyrites, Walker, 3.31).; Albert Tribute, Neeson, 4.30; Golden Crown, Saviile, 5; Great Southern, Cole", S. Tils: Diamond Drill.—Boring operations are being most successfully carried on now by the under the able management of Mr. Newman, who has overcome the many difficulties with which he had to contend. Yesterday 10 feet was bored through hard slate, making the total depth of the bore-bole 360 feet. Handcuffing a Phisonek.—At the City Police Court yesterday morning, William S. Best was brought up anu charged with arson, and at the request ot the police remanded back to the gaol for another week, pending the result of the magisterial enquiry beiug held by Mr. Strickland. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Ellis, who endeavored to convince the bench that it was not right to remand his client without taking some evidence. The bench, however, declined to go behind the remand warrant, and Mr. Ellis then called their attention to the law on t!:e subject of handcuilinjl unconvicted persons when no attempt at a rescue was expected, and that constables guilty of such an oifenee were held to lie liable ior an action for an assault, aud could be mulcted iu damages. His client, he said, had suffered that indignity, and had been brought from the gaol handcuffed. Tne bench said the police, no doubt, had their reasons for acting as they did, and if they bad erred Mr. Ellis luul his remedy at law, but they (the bench) declined to interfere inanv wav with tin. diamond drill at the Great matter. ]}',\iicy .Heap's Ghost.—There was a fair attendance at the Masonic Hall Inst evening to witness the Ghost entertainment. A change was made in the programme, the performance commencing with the wull-knon'11 fairy nursery story or "Beauty and the Beast." The former was well represented by Miss Bassett M 'Donald, and during the piece she sang an appro priate song to the air of " Father, come home," and subsequently she rendered in very good style "Conic birdy, come." Mrs. D'Arcy Kead sustained the character of " Scol dina," Beauty's eldest sister, and sang "When it's his Sunday out." Miss Brooks is a very graceful and she suitably represented the character of ''The Fairy Fleetwing.'' The scenery and mechanical effects were well worked, and the performance concluded with "The haunted house, or the ghost's revels." The Wl.vtueu.—Yesterday was considerably wanner than iis forerunner, as the wind having veered round to the north-east the atmosphere became saltry and oppressive, as it generally does when the wind comes from a northerly di rection. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, fall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., j C5a;notiu. 77s; 3 p.m., S0°; G p.m., 1i°; maxi mum, So"; minimum, 53", The barometer at 9 a.m. re'.'Uterud 29"G£0; G p.m., 29*533. St. James's Hall.—The variety company | now performing in the above hall appeared again last evening, when a good programme was gone through. The attendance, owing to the counter attractions, was not so large as it should be, as the company is a good one, and the various members acquit themselves very creditably in their respective parts. Hadj Hame, the Arab tumbler, went through a clever performance, and was loudly applauded, as also was Miss Kate Ramsden for her singing and dancing, and Mdle. Gracie for her feats on the flying trapeze. The other members of the com pany also met with a fair share of applause. There will be another change of programmethis evening. Hospital Sunday.—The lion, secretary of the Hospital Committee'(Mr. J. H. Abbott) acknow ledges, with thanks, the receipt of £4 7s. Sd., being amount collected in the Sandhurst circuit 13ible Christian Churches, in aid of the Hospital Sunday fund.. Ciiiniol'v Lectures, — Wo have received from Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, of Collins- street, Melbourne, a copy of the lectures delivered by Father Chiniquy in Sydney and Melbourne. Si.y-i;i:og Conviction.—Our lnglenood cor respondent says:—At the Wedderburn Police Court last week, Henry Tatchell was lined £25 for selling liquor without a licence. Easter Fair, 1S79.—The secretary of the Easter Fair informs us that Miss Duncan, Messrs. T. Derine, JRnac-h, J. G. Cahill, M 'Guinness, Timanus, Conolan, and several others have expressed their willingness to assist in the performance at the Easter Fair, and the secretary would feel obliged to any otiier ladies and gentlemen wishing to help the cause of charity to forward their names at once to the office. A telegram from Echuca in the Herald says that l';-u:e35or CnviU contemplates holding a swimming tournament in the River Murray. 