Four British Bob per Day. PAT.—" Well, here we are! Just landed, Bob, And what d'ye think we'll do? The divil a ghost of any job— Pre sarohed them through and through." BOB.—" Vy, let's go and drink a bumper And go rerk vithout delay, If on the Nairne line every lumper * Gets four British bob per day.'' PAT.—" Well, Bob, you just consider: ••{ You'll have no place there to lodge! <5ta ; t we wait a higher bidder ? Round the oorners on the dodge P" BOB.—-'w'en I 'ears that ere cove Tayliar rLonger 'ome I oouldn't stay, So I sailed for'Aastwaliar' v for—lTour British bob per day I" PAT.-T-" Wliy—who offered any wages ? r T4i-go on^ for any pay, ' Bat I think it most outrageous— There's no British bob per day." I've applied at hill« and valleys, Why, they're huntin' mi^ away, So I dodge through lanes and alleys G-ittin'—divil a thing a day." BOB.—"Whilst at 'urn I was 'a topper, But my cruise across the sea To my boasting put a stopper : Pre no British bob per day." PAT.—" Get a swag (yes, laugh: its funny), And tramp up the Northern way, And explain you've got no money— Then you'll get four bob a day 1 A right prosperous place you'll find it: Pure new milk without the whey. Just keep sober, Bob, and mind it When you get four bob a day. It you're good at plough and harrow, Driving bulls, or cocking hay, Or to plank a loaded barrow, Why, you'll get four bob a day. At the Port there's nothing earned So let's fly without delay, We can boast we've something learned Where there's nothing got per day." BOB.—" Oh J Pat, darn sich invertations (A new litany I'll pray), W' ere a cove can't get his rayshins, With no British bob per day." PAT.—" 'Tis a land of dire afflictions, Where from August until May Min are cursing 'Mallydickshins, With no British bob per day; Why, not even at the stockade With two rations for your pay, Even there there is a blockade And no British bob per day." BOB.—" Well, let's shoulder this ere corner 'Till we 'e-ars people say: Send a letter run as varner There's no British bob per day." PAT.—" Tis, we'll prop this side that's sunny, For I'm cold as any clay. There's no tucker without money, And no British bob per day." BOB.—" At 'ousebreaking Pve bin trying, But mooch skill I caunt display. Tis a 'ard thing to be dying Yith no British bob per day." PAT.—" This long fasting makes me bolder, Thaf s the reason I look gay. Let me—lean—upon your—shoulder, There's no—British—bob per day." Alberton, July 28th, 187&. P. K. 