Turf Talk. The weights for the Sydney Cup wore posted at Tatter sail's on Wednesday morning, and will be found in another column. First King heads the list with the very respectable I impost of 9 st. 7 lbs., Chester following with 2 lbs. less, ! and then comes Swiveller with 9 st. ; while the weights ef j the other* run down to the customary 5 st. 7 lbs. The handicap has evidently been carefully framed, and as it would not be fair to review it in haste we will postpone any further remarks until our next, when the subject will be fully dealt with. The general entry for the Orange Meeting is to close on Monday next, the 3rd ; and judged from the very satisfac tory way in which the handicaps have filled, our Western friends are likely to have a most successful meet ing on Wednesday and Thursday next. There are 15 in the Flyinc Handicap, and of them perhaps Freelance, Rifleman, and Falcon may be the most trustworthy. The Town Plate is very open ; but Mr. Ivory should have j a good chance with Sweetmeat, and as Chieftain likes the course he may have a word or two to say. The Jockey Club Handicap is even a more difficult question, and on paper the honours promise to be divided amongst Secundus, Sir Solomon, Premier, and Wcolstone; while for the Champagne Stakes nothing looks better than Lilian, Freelance, and Rifleman, provided that Premier does not start. Our Mudgee friends are again in the field, with an ex cellent programme, to be played out on Friday and Satur day, the 23rd and 24th May. The bill of fare comprises the Maiden Plate of 5 eovs. each for starters, with.70 soys. added, 1$ mile, entrance 5 per cent., or 2 sovs. will nominate; the Flying Handicap of 3 sovs. each for acceptors, with 40* sovs. added, 1 mile; the Mudgee Handicap, a sweep of 10 sovs. each for starters, with 150 sovs. added, forfeit of nomination fee 2 sovs. (part of entrance) if declared by May 10, entrance 7 sovs., 2 miles; the Corinthian Cup Handicap, a sweep of 3 sovs. each for starters, with a trophy valued at 20 sovs. added, about 1} mile ; the Ladies' Purse (handicap), a sweep of 3 wrs. ^ach for starters, with 40 eovs. added, 1} mile, weights to be declared at 2 p.m. on the day of the race ; the Mares' Produce Stakes of 100 goto., 1 mile, .-closed ; the Cudgegong Handicap, a sweep of 4 sovs. each for starters, with 80 sovs. added, about 1J- mile, weights to be declared on the evening preceding the race; the Shorts Handicap of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 40 sovs. added, 1 mile, weights to be declared on the evening before the race ; the Turf Club Handicap of 5 sovs. each for starters, -'?''?? wiffi 100 sovs. added, forfeit nomination fee It sov. only ' ' (part of entrance fee) if declared by 10th of May, 1} mile, dates of entrance and declaration of weights same as for Mudgee Handicap ; the Amateur Steeplechase Handicap, a : sweep of 5 sovs. each for starters, with a trophy valued at JW fiovs. added, about 14 mile, weights to be declared on the ..day preceding the race, horses to be ridden by members of any ' recognized club, the whole to conclude with the time honoured Forced Handicap. Entries for the Mudgee and I »tb.e Tart dub handicaps must be made to the secretary, Mc.J .M. Cox, atMudgee*, or to Mr. T. S. Clibborn, Sydney, x ^T,^^nm, on 12th April; weights to be declared on at or before » ^'X general entry is fixed for Saturday, &ei1;«?af '6 pm The prognunme, which appears in close on the 22nd of April, the weights for the handicaps will be declared on the 29th, and non -acceptances most be made to the hon. secretary, Mr. H. J. Adams, on the Gth May. The Hon. J. P. Bell's horses, Olivia and Whisker, have arrived from Brisbane and will be placed in Lamond's hands to be prepared for their Randwick engage ments. It will be remembered that they were verv suc cessful at the Spring Meeting of the Queensland Tor/ oiu when Whisker won the Derby and a welter weight race ; and Olivia secured the Brisbane F««'1'c*p and the All-age^ Stakes. They were both bred at the Grange Stud, one of the best- managed establishments of tho sort in the colonies, and it may suit some of our breeders to know that Georee Patrick, who for a long time past held the position of stud groom at ' The Grange,' is now in Sydney, and open for engagement. Letters to be addressed to our sporting editor. It should not be forgotten that entries for the Brisbane Cup and Moreton Handicap dose on Tuesday next, the 4th ; and as the terms are extremely liberal, this colony is sure to be strongly represented at the May Meeting of our I Northern friends. Entries must be in the hands of Mr. R. R. Davbam oi Mr. T. S. Clibborn, at or before p.m. on the date mentioned. A TattorsalTs Club has been formed in BnsDane, witn me non. a. rnng as chairman, and a committee of seven ; and Mr. Dawbarn has been appointed secretary. The Murrumburrah Annual Meeting came off on the 18th and 19th. Everything passed off pleasantly, and the fol lowing were the results: — Maiden Plate: Prince 1st, Messenger 2nd, CoBsack 3rd. Publicans' Purse: Nobody, 6 st. 11 lbs., 1st; Discount, 7 st. 7 lbs., 2nd ; Fisherman, 6 st., 3rd. Prince of Wales' Stakes : Nigger 1st, Sir Peter 2nd, Cowang 3rd. Hurdle Race : Ghost, 9 st. 3 lbs., 1st. ; Uncle Alick, 12 st., 2nd; Currawang, 11 st. 8 lbs., 3rd. Town Plate : Cossack, 7 st. 7 lbs., 1st ; Deserter, 7st. 9 lbs., 2nd; Granuaile, 6 St., 3rd. Consolation Stakes: Feather top, 7 st. 2 lbs., 1st ; Messenger, 8 st. 9 lbs., 2nd ; Prince, 8 st. 8 lbs., 3rd. Forced Handicap : Deserter, 7 st. 9 lbs., 1st ; Cossack, 9 st., 2nd ; Prince, 8 st. 8 lbs., 3rd. One hack race was won by Sloucher and another by Speculation, and Queen's Head won the Hurry Scurry. The Cooma Meeting, an account of which appears hi another column, would seem to have been fairlv successful, notwithstanding that two of the events, the Hurdle Race and the Nursery Handicap, fell through. Some sensation was created by the way in which Valetta was ridden in the Shorts Handicap. The matter was brought before the stewards, and after the evidence had been taken and the matter fully investigated, Norman, the rider of the mare, was disqualified for 12 months. The stewards are to be complimented upon the course they pursued, and it would greatly benefit racing if those who hold the reins of management of other dubs were to show an equal deter mination to put down malpractices with a strong hand. An 4lin nennintr f\£ 4- Via lout J/iiitn ?utnC»j»i 4-1* n _..4-j-1 J_ .^_ j. ? 1_ v^u iuu viuuuig v*. vw looi \loj a ittUlUg me oULLUIlt^ \AJljR. place, when the following sums were paid over : — Mr. T. Mooney, £179 ; Mr. W. Fredericks, £104 ; Mr. W. Cos grove, £67 ; Mr. J. H. Cosgrove, £59 ; Mr. W. C. Herbert, £30; and Mr. E. M'Grade, £23. The easy manner in which Lord Harry cut down his fields in the principal events run at Hobart Town made tho Tasmanian Cup look a paper certainty for him ; yet the result has only served to give another proof of the great uncertainty which attends equine contests. The weights were decidedly in his favour ; and yet, though having Tom Hales, one of the best horsemen in the colonies, in the saddle, he had to strike his colours to Snowden, who conceded him 27 lbs., while in the Hobart Town Cup the son of Snowden and Little Nell gave him only 11 lbs. The uncertainty of racing is made still more apparent when it is remembered that Lord Harry beat Swiveller for the Alexandra Plate, one mile and a-half , when the difference between them was only 5 lbs. The general entry for the Wagga Meeting, to come off on the 17th and 18th of this month, is to clase on the 14th of this month, and from the healthy appearance of the handicaps there is likely to be some good racing. 'There are half a score in the Autumn Handicap, and the list is headed by Orator, who, with 8 st. 2 lbs., is nut overburdened in such company ; but at 2 lbs. less Albyn would appear to have a brighter prospect. The Grand Stand Handicap will be rendered less upenby the first day's racing; and should Albyn run on the opening day without earning a penalty he should be very hard to beat, and after him Mail Train and Orator have the most taking appearance. The Burrangong Maiden Plate is to close to- day, and a large entry is expected. Horse-racing is advancing with rapid strides in Tasmania, and the sales of blood stock there are becoming of import ance. At the annual sale of the Woodland yearlings, the property of Mr. Alfred Page, the following were the prices realized : — Brown filly Elsinore, by Horatio, darn Queen of Clubs, by Ace of Clubs, gdani Cleopatra, by Boiardo, Mr. Walter Rumney, 105 guineas; bay filly Tripaway, by Horatio, dam Merrytoes, by Lord of Linne, g dam Quick step, Mr. W. Lang, 150 guineas ; bay filly Folly, by Hora tio, dam Birthday, by Panic, g dam Modesty, Mr. S. Page, 80 guineas; brown filly, by Horatio, dam Empress, by Peter Wilkins, g dam Merriman's sister, Mr. Cameron, 51 guineas; brown filly by Horatio, dam Tambourine, by Architect, g dam Fan, by Lord of the Lake, g g dam by Peter Finn (imp.), Mr. Jabez Parker, 31 guineas ; brown filly, by Horatio, dam Black Bess, Mr. H. J. Brock, 34 guineas ; brown horse Qui Vive, 3 years, by Ringleader, dam Birthday, by Panic, g dam Modesty, by Besborough, g g dam Lady of the Lake, &c;, Mr. Davies, Gl guineas. Mr. Page's six yearlings brought a total of 451 guineas, the average being 75 l-6th guineas. Belonging to various owners: — Yearling chestnut gelding, by Horatio, dam Beckv Sharp, Mr. G. Everett, 20 guineas ; thoroughbred colt Emerald, by Ringleader, dam Fair Ellen, by View Halloo, g dam by Donald Cairo, g g dam by Little John, Mr. G. Everett, 26 guineas ; the hurdle racer and cross-country horse Shadow, 5 years old, by Panic, dam Creeping Jane, by The Premier out of a Cornborough mare, Mr. O'Connor, 41 guineas ; thoroughbred horse Newminster, 3 years, by Ringleader, Mr. Fitzgerald, 30 guineas. The following are the sums paid at the settling over the late meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club : — Mr. M. Loughlin, 1st Cup, £571 10s.; 1st Plate, £219 12s.; 1st Hurdle, £55 16s.— £S46 18s. Mr. C. James, 1st Weld, £166 10s. ; 2nd Cup, £50— £216 10s. Mr. W. Rumney, 1st Steenle. £153 : 2nd Hurdle. £3— £156. Mr. L. L. Smith, 1st Nursery, £103 10s. ; 1st Juvenile, £50 8s.— £153 18s. Mr. Falkiner, 1st Maiden, £53 2s. ; 1st Elwick Hurdle. £53 2s.— £106 4s. Mr. F. Leng, 1st Grand Stand, £50 8s. ; 1st Visitors' Plate, £46 16s. ; 2nd Der ?went, £3— £100 4s. Mr. W. Brown, 1st Flying Handicap, £50 8s. ; Sweep Welter, £9— £59 Ss. Mr. C. M. Lloyd, 2nd Plate, £30 ; 3rd Cup, £20; 2nd Nursery, £5— £55. Mr. E. Kearney, 1st Derwent, £49 10s ; 2nd Maiden, £3— £52 10s. Mr. J. L. Purves, Consolation, £36, Mr. Johnson-Boe, 2nd Weld Stakes, £7. Mr. H. Yeend, 2nd Visitors' Plate, £3 ; 2nd Consolation, £2— £5. Mr. A. Kearney, 2nd Steeplechase, £5. Mr. J. Parker, 2nd Elwick Hurdle, £3. Mr. C. G. Eady, 2nd Flying Handicap, £3: 2nd Grand Stand. £3 and Welter Cup— £6. Total, £1808 12s. 