J carnaquh^kis t Chronicles. Scene on board of the good ship Curnaquheen, within sight of the Cape 6f Good Hope i circumstances, a 1 dead ca|in \ 'aceess&rie;,6 the heaving ocean, the flapping sails, the care-clouded countenances of captain and mate, and not a breath pf wind to drive ,away the blues. - Tliese, deaV reader, must be uiy .exeu&e; for the following:— BOUNDING THS CAPE. The night was dark, each starry spark was . veiled in heavy fog.; . . Bach sheet and tack and sail hung slack, no need to heave the log., , Old ocean's breast no snowy crest of foaming wave could show, For lacking blast each groaning mast waved ghost-like to and fro. The captain sighed as o'er the tide he wistfully did gaze. Aud whistled low to tempt (you know) a breeze from out tbe haze. Then muttered he, " When shall I see fair London town once more ? These calms we've bad will drive me mad. O for tbe tempest's roar!" I nudged his arm, and said a calm was peaceful and serene, While tempests rude provided food for sharks, white, blue, and green. But captain, dear, what have here ? What evil spot is this That you say nought in jest or sport? He mockingly did hiss. We're off tbe Cape! The noted Cape 1 The dreaded Cape of storms! Where restless waves o'er seamen's graves for ever rear their forms. And in the dark tbe " Dutchman's barque" is looked in vain for still, When cold winds wail, and mast and nail must bow them to their will. " Im this that Cape ?" quoth I agape ; " no awful storm have we. That rolling swell alone may tell we're on a stormy sea." But oh I Ab rne, what's that I see ? There's flame where'er 1 turn. Is magic might abroad this night to make old ocean burn 1 No fire is there I do declare. You see not any flames: But shark aud sprat, and sich as that, arc at their little games. 'Tis friction makes those shiny wakei, just as when cat or muff With might aud main, against the grain, you rub. 'Tis phosphor stuff. O dear, 0 dear, well that is queer, and then those little stari That so abouud in shoals around, arc they what sprat mammas Leave to become small fishei dumbWhat, Buokland would call spawn ' 0 captain, dear, still lend your car, turn not away in scorn." " No scorn feel I, but such small fry as those quite puzzle me. But perhaps they're bone? that Davy Jones has grouud beneath tbe sea. Now go'andlook into some book, tbe lamp is burning clear, No wind may blow right well 1 know whilst thou art yarning here. «' My eyes are sore, and bookish lore gives me but scf nt delight, And so I'll walk and with thee talk to while away the night Then captain, dear, let's have some beer, or eke a drop of rum, And Neptune then shall think us men of wind to merit some.'' " 0 you be blowed !'' that sentence flowed from off my tongue untold ; But «hccr off now unto thy vrow, thou prating landsman bold: lily heart is sad, my head is bad ; I want to be alone, Cape Horn for me while on the sea. . . . 1 left him to his moan. Then to the mate (not too elate) I went to question sortie, His gimlet gaze transfixed gazed the haze, T thought him deaf and dumb. He wasn't though, for from below bis Jio.se queer greetings came That had to do. I think a few, with more thau phosphor flame. 1 didn't stop, lest more might drop like ;iuglit Favc honey dew, But dived below and quick did go uuto my partner true. Then said, My dear, 'tis very queer, this is a sullen sea, From captain brave- to tarry knave they're crusty as can be." A note! I heard 110 singing bird, not even crow could make A restless sigh, aud then, oh my! I knew she was awake. Yet not e'en she would yarn to me, but these words growling spoke, " You prowling bat, take that and that," aud that was not a joke. When daylight broke aud I awoke there blew a south wind strong, Aud nor-nor-v,cst o'er waves foam-dressed our good ship bowled along ; Then bland to me that mate could be, the skipper frauk as aye, Their mood unkind was left behind; the helmsman he was gay, " Hurrah !" qnoth he.'" we're bound, you seei, to London village gay; - The Cape's astarn, as you may larn, if you'll just.squint tbi6 way.. Have"you a nip a cove might sip? The*'old man need riot know.' Ah! thAt's the style; here's for awhile may tl3s here souther blow." And thus, you see, a calm may be more" hateful than a gale, , , t ^ And worry more thati cyclones roar, brave tars who homeward sail ? And if we heard a naughty word or two, why even then . If-you reflect you'd not jexpect much less from mortal men. 