T H E Opposition papers don't take at all kindly to the notice which was served last week upon the Associated Banks. That notice, say these aimable critics, is calculated to restrict the accommodation given by these banks to their customers, and, therefore, has to be denounced as highly improper and dangerous proceeding. Accordingly, the notice is pitched into furiously; held up as another proof of the villainous designs of the Ministry against all branches of trade, and adduced as further evidence of a conspiracy which Mr BERRY and his colleagues are supposed to have been hatching against the Associated Banks, ever since the tricks of fortune pitchforked them into office. We suppose there ate some people who believe all this nonsense, or it would hardly appear in the Opposition papers, utterly indifferent as they show themselves to fact and argument when dealing with the present Government. But whether anybody believes it or not, certain it is. that anything more absurd than the attacks which have been made npon the Treasurer's notice of last week, could hardly be pat in print; and bow, therefore, these attacks could have been made at all, completely baffles all conjecture. The real facts of the ease are very plain, and have to be described as follows:— An agreement exists between the Govern, ment and the Associated Banks, by which all the moneys received by the Government are paid into the treasuries of the latter corporations. As nearly as possible an equal amount is paid into each bank; and the Government draw whatever sums they require from these current accounts at pleasure. The duly balance, or average, remaining in the hands -of the banks, is struck, we believe, monthly; and on this sum the banks pay the Government interest at the rate of 3 percent per annum. Some time ago the banks were asked by the Government to state the terms npon which they would accommodate the State vrith £100,000 (£10,000 each), in the event of the Treasurer requiring temporary accommodation to that amount ; and as the Government bad always been lenient with the bankB, it was reasonably enough thought that the banks, in return, would reciprocate this leniency when replying to this application. Bat tljffbanks took a purely business view ofthecBse. They replied that the accommodation conld be had at 6 per cent., bat only npon audi conditions, as to security, as the Government did not believe in accepting. Fortunately Major S M I T H has handled the finances so judiciously during Mr BERRY'S absence that the advance has not been required; indeed there is a till a good round •am standing to the credit of the Government with the banks, and, therefore, the assistance of the banks has not been needed. Bat had that assistance been required, the Government, besides agreeing to the other conditions, would have tod to pay 6 percent, per annum for the advance, or just doable the amount of interest which the banks pay for the money bdanging to the Government which the banks have laying in their coffers. The Government regarded this ~ demand as anything bat fair and generous; and, all the circumstances bang considered, we think most people will sympathise with theirconviction. Accordingly, the -^Government resolved to make fresh arrangements with the banks, with regard to the Stale's current accounts; and hence the notice which has been denounced mo freely. Six months' notice had to be given before any alteration could be made in the agreement which now exists. This six months' notice has now been lodged; and arrangements far time current accounts, more profitable to the State, if somewhat !ess «1i8lactoiy to the banks, will be the consequence whan ^v-tArt^nt... Such, in brief, U^trnejoplanation of the notice which has .cansol the Opposition papere to ayaaa ito -Government in ofmeasured teems; and there Is nothing ebb behind it. Tbe wbole affair is purdy one of bnsiness, There fa no cou>fit»cy against the Associated Backs, nor anything elBe of an objectionable Datare. The notice simply resolves itself into this— that the Government are determined to eeenre, both for the State money, and any advances they may need hereafter, better terms with the banks than they have now; and this is the beginning and the end of the whole matter. The Government could do no lesB than this, and no more, having doe regard to the pnbitc interests; and it i a , therefore, downright nonsente for the Oppo- &ition;~papers to a&suil; them over this proceeding. Accommodation to private persons will not be restricted one sixpence by this step, fc.r three reasuue. One is because the money now in these current acconuts is deposited at call, and ia, therefore, liable to be withdrawn at any moment; another i?, because the Government have EeMom much to (heir credit in these accounts; and the third is because not a shilling of whatever enm shonld remain in the Associated Banks will be in the least danger of being removed when the nutice expires. The only risk of this sort will lie in the banks refusing to agree to more reasuuable terms. But they will not do this, because thej- know better than to fall into any euch Wander. They have done well < ut of Vbe State hitherto; and they can yield a little now without being in the least put out by the concession. But if the hanks should still remain firm for the terms as now, then the amount to the credit of the Government these current accounts is so small comparatively that if it was all removed it would be no more felt by the banks than the removal of a drop of water is noticeable from a bucketful; and, therefore, a more stupendous piece of nonsense all round than the Opposition papers have built op over this notice—namely, that trade will be subjected to restricted accommodation on account of this affair— could not by any possibility be concocted. Nothingof the kind which these papers nr^e can arise; and it is a downright libel on the Associated Banks to say that anything of the sort conld happen. It will thus be seen how easily att the hi- falutin stuS which the Conservative journals have written about this movement can be put down by the mere recital of facts. There is nothing in it, we repeat, but a determination of the Government to get the best terms possible for the State, and thus to make the most of the finances entrusted to their charge. The statements made by the Opposition papers on this subject are, therefore, utterly wrong, and as stupid as they are vindictive. IN our weekly review of the mining share market, with the exception of Band and Albion, there are few striking features in connection with the elight fluctuations in price that call for special comment. The business, however, has extended over a greater variety of stocks, but as a rple the transactions have not been so large, espe< cially in the progressive mines, indicating that investors are just at present waiting for something to turn np. Of course Band and Albion Consols had tbe most attention, and at the beginning of tbe week a slight panic occurred, shares having dropped suddenly from 82s 6d, the closing price on the previous Saturday, to 72s 6d, and afterwards sold as low as 64s. As the week progressed, however, more confidence was Bhown, and tbe stock rallied to 78s, and at tbe finish of business there were sales at 75s and 74s. The yield of nearly 620 oz for the week from tbe grand old mine cannot be otherwise than satisfactory, and recalls to mind the palmy days of the alluvial washings from tbe Golden Point gutter. But the lawsuit against the company by BARTON, which comes on for hearing to. day in the Warden's Court, also has an accompanying, but less pleasant reminiscence, inasmnch aB the London Chartered Bank has now entered the list of litigants, as mortgagees of tbe old St. George Company, so that it iB probable the suit will be similar to that which occurred between the Band of Hope, Albion, and Extended companies on the Golden Point line, when all were in their glory as dividend-payers, and when all were disputing, by a threecornered process, in the law courts, the titles and boundaries of each claim. It is to be regretted that the suit to-day will not terminate in the Warden's Court; the present proceedings, so far as we can learn, being merely initiative to an introduction to the higher tribunals. The very great value of the property involved will no doobt be an inducement to all parties to fight the matter out, and we can but hope that the law proceedings will interfere as little as possible with tbe development of those quartz lodes which promise to conduce so much to the future prosperity of mining here. City of Ballarat shares had a fall from 50a to 46s daring last week, in consequence of the water having broken in from the washdirt, but since Friday night the old enemy is again being got rid of. New Koh-i-Noor shares, notwithstanding the temporary cessation of tbe underground workings, to enable tbe shaft to be put in proper order, advanced from 2s 9d to 3s 2d daring the week, while other mining stocks on tbe same line of reef fully maintained their value, There was again a slight fluctuation in Newington shares, which advanced from 32s 6d to 37s, but came back to 33s at tbe close of the market, while Prince Patrick advanced from 18s 6d to 21s for new isBue—paid-op shares, of course, participating in tbe rise. Kingston stock showed very little deviation, and with the exception that Ristori shares rose from £6 10s to £6 lis 6d, and Lone Hand from 37s 6d to S9s, opening prices were well maintained at the close. Black Horse dropped from £7 16s to £7 12s, bat tbe price quickly rallied again to £7 16s, tbe confidence of holders in the future workings of the mine having prevented any depredation. There was a slight relapse in Parker's United, from 3s 2d to 2s 9d; while Egerton shares ranged from 63s to 65s, closing with sales at the Utter figure. There was a good business done.in Dtmolly stocks, but Queen's Birthday declined from £10 15s to £9 17s 6d; while, on the other hand, King's Birthday, o w i n g to favorable n e w s from tbe mine, rose from 9s 9d to 13s, although after the excitement shares came back to lis 9d. Waterloo and Beaufort stocks had a fur share of business, Hobart Pasha having numerous sales at prices ranging from 19s to 20s; South Defiance, Waterloo, and other shares showing very little alteration in value. Saltan showed an improvement as between £416s and £5 la for the week; while Goldbrook, Carisbrook, had a slight reaction from 25s 6d to 23s 6d. Queen Company, Black EEHI Flat, having paid a Is dividend, maintained their price at 9s. Tbe foregoing were tbe principal stocks dealt in, and on the whole the market presented a firm tone at the close. Amongst the items of interest since onr last summary, the settlement of the. long and wearying lawsuit, Hand and Band Company v tbe ^National Bask is satlsfactqiy to the shareholders in the ^company, if not to tbe batik, and tbere is every probability <if the New Park JIxtended Company, msking.^rrsngements for commenting fwork on die old dalm, which yielded such good returns previous to tbe litigation. The value of the Township reef has had yet another proof by the excellent crashing' from the Serjeant's Freehold claim of 33 oz of gold from 38 tons of stone. A new venture—the North Queen—has bees successfully floated to work the continuation of quartz on which the Qneen Company has been so successful, and. the liberal terms on which the ground and machinery have been obtained from the Black Qill Company are no doubt appreciated by the shareholders in the new company, which starts with excellent prospects. The following dividends have been declared during the week:—Racecourse, Is per share; Egerton, Is Gi v er share. The comparative yields are as under:— | l.akt Week. Wet*k Before 1\. cz dirt pr oa dwt pr Band and Albion Consol >" 619 .3 0 450 17 0 City of Oantorbury 5 a 12 0 SB 14 12 De Murcka 103 5 0 lt-9 9 0 D'.xlioss 19 is ie 22 6 0 Byte's 109 10 0 89 8 0 Eperton 0 0 250 10 0 Little Strewn, Newtown.. - 18 5 IS Ken- Kcngaroo 21 19 0 New Victoria 100 0 0 fl 3 0 Baoeconrse 12 10 0 100 0 0 liefonn 269 10 O 188 6 0 liistori .i 544 10 0 264 9 0 Hyan's .1 55 6 0 58 7 0 NcaradaJe .1 1* 12 12 Trunk Lead 103 3 0 127 16 0 Dl&ck; Hill Goldbrook New North Ulunes Smythefdale CODSOIS .. Scaredale Speedwell Port PLillip (mouth) .. Imperial (month).... I.a-t Fortnight , Fortnight. Before. 887 10 If | 211 15 21 £0 19 0 I — erjeantV Frerhnld (38 tons) MiileraEd party,fcn&ke; Valley (110'ton&) ~ Three weeks. 29 4 12 20 16 0 1408 7 0 | 153 1 12" It will be seen by our cablegram this morniog tiiat the Prince Imperial, son of the late Emperor Napoleon, has been killed in Zululand. The illfated youth was a member of Lord Chelmsford's staff, and promised to become an excellent soldier bad his life been spared. The news of bis death has been received with great regret in Europe, and has fallen with crushing weight upon his mother, the EmpresB Eugenie. A slight move has been made towards compromising the case of Young and M'Guigao v the Ballarat Water Commission ; a member of Parlia-. ment, who bae before figared prominently in ad- justing apparently irrcconcileable differences, being at the head of the movement. More, no doubt, will be heard of the matter shortly. More leaal complications have arisen out of the lawsuit B&rton; v the Band and Albion Consols, which will be heard before the warden to-day, wherein the plaintiff seeks toouat tbe defendant company from possession of a portion of tbe claim. On Saturday the plaintiffs solicitor was served with a caveat by the London Chartered Bank, which putB in a claim to the disputed ground as mortgagees from the old St. George and Band of Hope Company. At present, therefore, there is every appearance of a three-cornered suit, from which the lawyers will in all probability ret fine pickings. Business was resumed at the local branch of the Australian and European Bank on Saturday, and it is satisfactory to note, aa showing theconfldence of shareholders and depositors, that tbe deposits were nearly treble in amount and number of the withdrawals. All payments were made in gold, and the staff were kept busily employed until closing time at twelve o'clock. A deputation, consisting of Messrs J. Hickman, J.P., G. Munrs, Bishop, Tale, and other gentlemen, introduced by Messes Bell and Brophy, M.L.A^ waited upon the Hon. Maj jr South, on Saturday, to request that the erection of a brick school should be proceeded with at Alfredton as soon as possible, to take the place of tbe present dilapidated wooden structure. After hearing the views of the deputation the Minister stated that aa soon as a aite was selected, with a proper title to tbe ground, the school would be proceeded with at ence. A carpenter named Chibnell, when engaged in pruning some trees in Che grounds of Christ Churcb on Saturday afternoon, met witb a rather serious accident. Chibnell was on a ladder standing against a gam tree, from which he cut away a large limb. Just as the limb was falling Chibnell began to descend the ladder, and when half way down it be saw that the limb in falling had " kicked," and that the end swinging round would most probably strike him if he remained on the ladder. He thereupon jumped to the ground, a distance of several feet, and in doing so broke one of his legs between tbe knee and i^kle. Hewaa at once conveyed to his home in Jrant street, where be received the necessary surgical atten< tion. The Acting Chief Secretary has recognised the services of Mr F. T. Buckland in introducing Rngiiafr trout to the Australian colonies by the following Teiy complimentary letter, a copy of which has been forwarded under cover to Dr Whitcombe, at tbe instance of the HOB. Major Smith. The full correspondence ia aa follows:—" Education Department, Melbourne, 20th Jane, 1879. Sir,—The Hon. Major Smith directs me to forward to you tbe enclosed copy of the letter which has beeo sent to F. T. Bnckland, Esq., MJL, inspector of salmon fisheries, Whitehall, London, and to say that Victoria is in no small degree indebted to you in the matter of initiating the acclimatisation of English trout.—I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, ALFBSU JACKKON, private secretary to the Minister of Public Instruction. Dr. WHITCOMBE, Ballarat." — " Chief Secretary's office, Melbourne, I6th. Jnne, 1S79. Sir,—Hie successful acclimatisation of the English trout in the streams of this colony having been now thoroughly established, I think the time has arrived when it should be placed oo official record that the honor of initiating such acclimatisation in Australia is certainly due in the largest degree to yourself and Mr Francis Francis, who jointly presented to the Tasmanian Government tbe boxes of trout ova in 1861, for the purpose of introducing that fish into Tasmanian waters. The feasibility of their acclimatisation having been proved, a supply was thence obtained at a later period fortius colony, aud some of its rivers may be said to be now fairly stocked. The aid yon thus gave in demonstrating tbe practicability of conveying the fish indigenous to one hemisphere to another, and thus establishing a supply for the. inhabitants of tbe latter of food and sport, is one' of Bocb eminent practical utility, that it gives me the greatest pleasure to be instrumental in conveying to yon the deep sense of the obligation under which you have placed this colony bv your thoughtful donation fifteen years ago.—I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, (signed: BETAK O'LOOHLEK. F. T. Bnckland, Esq., M. A, inspector of salmon fisheries, Whitehall, London, S.W." The Bev. B. T. Cummins, who has for the last twenty yean been incumbent of St. Paul's Churcb, Ballarat East, has obtained eighteen months'leave of absence from his pastorate, and leaves this week, for Malvern, where he will take temporary charge of the Church of England. The reverend gentleman's wife has been in failing health for some time, and her medical advisers having recommended change of air, Malvern was selected as the best place to obtain the desired change. Ur Cummins took charge of the parish of St. Paul's some twenty years ago, when the place of worship was a wooden building, near the site of the present chnrch. Since his connection with the parish a brick church has been erected; and though it had to be taken down, through tbe foundations being undermined, 1 the parishioners have now a church they may justly be proud of, and have, in. spite of tbe undermining, which pnt them to an additional expenditure of about £1000, buta very small debt on their chnrch. Yesterday the rev. gentleman addressed a few parting, words to his parishioners. In tbe morning there was a very good congregation, aud in the evening alto the church waa very well filled. .Mr Cummins, in his closing remarks last night, spoke of tbe regret with which he left those amongst whom he had labored so long,and thanked in turn tbe members of the congregation, the church committee, wardens, the Sunday school teachers, and choir, for the manner in which they bad worked with him, and the aaaiatance they had rendered him in their different ways. The rev. gentleman appropriately took aa tbe text of his valedictory sermon, tbe words "The bird be with yon all," and from it he delivered a most impressive and interesting discourse. In the afternoon, also, he addressed the children of die Sunday school and took hit farewell of them. Daring Mr Cummins' absence bis place at St. Paul's will be supplied by tbe Bev. W. ,Kildahl, who for the last few months has been officiating at Christ Chnrch. Fhis will not leave the pulpit at the last mentioned chnrch Ttttnt lot tfao Veils Aichdncon Potter, who is dtQy oxpeeteJ to drive in the colony per the abip Hampshire, •will resume duty there, ud untQ his arriralthe Bishop of Ballarat will offifiiatb^A'T^utiotytea«iee^iiriU be lidd at St. Paul's eohoolroom .to-afcht an4> after theteaApttMicmeetiriyiHniielMld. The fame of the paUsai^iiTenlfe IndostS^ Exhibition hM reafted Vflty tiistantshores, anJln the ©ia coontty itself Its toccess Is the cause of no little comment. Ur T. H.'Scotney, who at one time resided in this .colony, bat who now lives in Camberwell, nearXondon, writes by tbe last matt to a fentlemaa af this tova, who is one of die iBwnly nT Ihn HrfiHfififtp M fellOWt —" I feel," says Mr Scotney, " so very interested in your late Exhibition and its results, that I decided to give several addresses upon it during the coming session. If you know of aDy other friends holding kindreS exhibitions, will you kindly give them my address, and ask them to send me all particulars." By the foregoing it will be seen that the Exhibition did not end with the closing of the doors of the Alfred Hall some twilve months ago, and that we hive not by aay means heatd the last of it yet. • Saturday last was the shortest day of the year, and consequently it might have been thought that tbe declination of the sun would have greatly decreased itB effects, yet the rays of Old Sol, as concentrated through a show carboy in the shop window of Sir Bannister, chemiRt, Sturt street, played some curious freakB. Aboutteno'clockin the morning the gentleman in charge of the shop noticed some emike tUitig in the window, and, on searching, he four.d a cedar medicine- chest and a wooden | box, containing packete of chocolate, and standing behind one of the two carboys in tbe window, on fire. A little further investigation showed that a case behio l the other carboy was also burning. It appears that only when tbe sun is at its furthest point north can it get nnder the verandah in front of tbe shop, and eren then only for a short time after it bas risen. On Saturday, however, theflun sbooe into the window and through tbe carboys, and the con ?entrated rays have burnt a clean groove into the side of the cedar chest, and then, aB the sun moved up, the rays dropped upon tbe chocolate-box, through the eide ef which a bole was soon made. Several articles in the window have on former occasions been damaged, and it never conld be made out how they were burnt, the supposition that some acid had fallen on them being resorted to to explain matters. Now, bowever, the mystery is cleared np, acd we recommend the occurrence of Saturday morning in Mr Bannister's window to the attention of all who may have to dress show windows in which articles calculated to concentrate tbe sou's rays are pnt. A female pickpocket named Jane Smith, was on S&tmd;&y; caught in the act of appropriating the puree and money of a Mrs Catherine Moore, a resident of Dead Horse. Mrs Moore had come from her home to invest in a pig. and when looking at a pen of those animals in O'farrell's sale-yards she felt someone's hand ia her pocket. She at once went for the intrusive hand, and laying hold of it, she fonnd that Mrs Smith, as aforesaid, had tried to steal her puree and tbe £1 16s Id it contained. Smith, on being discovered, made off, and Constable Maher was despatched in pursuit, lie constable soon traced ber out, and took ber to the lock-np, where she was at once identified by Mrs Moore, and then lodged in the lock-up on a charge of theft. She will be dealt wish at the City Police Court to-day. We are sorry to bear that Mr W. N. Longhnrst, baker, of Mair street, was seriously indisposed, owing to attack of poenmonia, tbe result of exposure to the late severe weather. We are happy to state, however, that he was much bettor last evening. A meeting of farmers, convened by advertise* ment, was held in the Market square on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of considering the advisability of making an alteration, in the market hours. Mr M'Intosh was voted chairman. In opening the meeting tbe chairman pointed out that farmers bad often to wait from six until nine o'clock in the morning to get their weighing done, during which time they could not feed their borsea, as at any moment the drays in line along the road might move. If the market was opened earlier than at present—nine o'clock—they wonld he able to go in, get their loads weighed, and feed their teams. Tbe chairman also tboogbt that sales should be limited t0 a certain bonr, which plan, he believed, would do away with drivers loitering about, and on their return home saying it was all hours before their load was sold. The chairman, in commenting on this last fact, drew attention to the loss which farmers met with by their loads not being sold nntil the business was nearly all over. Several motions were then put, one—"That the m&rket; hours remain as at present, except for hay and straw;" and another—" That tbe market open at half*past eight and close at one." Finally Mr Feery moved an amendment, which was carried—" That the market open at eight o'clock and close as usual." It was Tesolved to transmit this resolution to the City Cotxncil for its favorable con* eideration, and the meeting then terminated with a vote of thanks to tbe chair. The Rev. W. KUdahl, who for the past three months has bad charge of Christ Chnrch, has been temporarily appointed to St. Paul's, and the teachers of tbe Sunday school of the first-named church conld not allow him to sever his connection with them without giving him some mark of their esteem. On Friday night last, then, Mr H. R. CaseUi presented to the rev. gentleman, on behalf of the teachers of the school, an address and s very handsome pictnre of tbe " Crucifixion," engraved by Mr Thomson, of this town, in a panel ef wood, by the new process called zylo-caustic engraving. iS^e pictnre is very handsome and completely finished, and both as a picture (it being a copy of Michael Aogelo's "Crucifixion") and as a specimen of a new art it is a very creditable production. The following is the address, which was very neatly illuminated, and which was signed by the twenty-eight teachers of the school:— "To the Rev. W. KildahL Bear Sir,—As your connection with Christ Church Sunday school is drawing to a close, we wish to express our esteem and gratitude for the kindness and attention which you have bestowed upon us during your short charge in this parish; and we would ask you to accept this picture as a small memento of us, and as a record of our regret at the severance. Wishing you every happiness fn your family circle, and God's blessing in the work that you are ab9Ut to undertake,—We remain, Christ Churcb Sunday School teachers. Ballarat, 20th June, 1879." Mr Kildahl thanked the donors in suitable terms, and expressed tbe gratification it gave bim to find that in such a short time he had been able to obtain the good-will of tbe teachers of the schooL The committee of the Old Identities' excursion to Sandhurst met on Friday night, in tbe George hotel, Mr J. H. Hammond in tbe chair, and present Messrs Irwin, Evans, Dyte, and Whitehead. The hon. secretary, Mr Henry Davies, reported that all tbe accounts were received, and that be bad prepared a balance-sheet of receipts and expenditure, which showed that after" defraying all expenses there was still a credit balance of £6. The report was received and adopted, the accounts were all passed for payment, and it was decided to divide tbe balance in hand equally between the Orphan Asylum and the Ladies' Clothing Society. It was also decided to send letters to tbe Sandburst newspapers, expressing the thanks of the committee to the mayor and citizens of Sandhurst and Eaglehawk, for the splendid reception given to the Ballarpt visitors on Tuesday last. Mr Shoppee, J J?., presided at the Ctty Police Court on Saturday, and discharged John Sullivan, who bad been arrested for trespass on the railway line at the Western station. Defendant was in the act of crossing the line, when he was called back, but as he was deaf, be did not bear, and accordingly crossed the line. The bench, taking into consideration the fcet of bis deafness, 'discharged the defendant. Robert Parsons was fined 6s for insulting behavior. Our Scatsdale correspondent writes: — " It appears that tbe police authorities have come to the conclusion that one constable will be sufficient to preserve order in the Scarsdale district in future, as they have removed Constable Egan to Ballarat, without making any mention of his successor, leaving only Senior-constable M<Cor- 'mack to perform the duties previously divided between the two. Daring bis long residence in Scarsdale Constable Egan bas performed his duties in a quiet unobtrusive manner, and he baa been particularly successful in gently checking any tendency towards larrikinism on the part of the boys, without having recourse to harsh measures." Mr Dove, of Rokewood Junction,-who brings large loads of rabbits Into Ballarat every week, was the victim of a most impudent robbery on bis upward trip last Friday. As he was walking bis team up the Brownavale hQl a boy was observed to crawl under the waggon, and bitch some couples - of rabbits off the frame on which they are hung, and throw them down to his mate, who gathered them up and made off with them. Tbe boys were seen by some men working on tbe claim at the foot of the hill, who, however, could not identify them with any certainty. Mr Dove missed altogether eighteen couple, and tbe police have found a .number of rabbit-skins outside a house not far from the locality of tbe robbery, so they may be able to secure the conviction of tbe young rascals. A young man named William Run, a miner, aged twenty-two years of age, was arrested yesterday evening • in Bridge street on a charge of drunkenness. On tbe way to the watchbouse the prisoner aMsulted the arresting cons tablet, Richardson and O'Brien, made use of obscene language. aodHnaily bis mate, Thomas Broze, was arrested for inciting Ross to resist tbe police. The s&oe; was a most disgraceful one, a large crowd of people assembling and following the polioe and t^r prisoners to the Town lock- up, where tbey wen ensconced. They will be dealt with this morning. Mr D. S/Tfaomaa, J.P., Is gazetted aUcenring magistrate for tbe Rokewood district, victUtK Allen, deceased. MrSLIkZox has resigned the commission of the peaoe for tbe central baflhri& Mr James 8t«nfison, jtUL. it «uette4 tan • mining registrar, 6a, «t Cnevkfc, mlda ^Tlie^ntarferiy mention crt^dce&'attendisg Christ* Churcb Snadayechooiwaa held yesterday afternpon by tbe Rev. W. Kildahl. ;,He reverend gentleman bas been balding regulariy of late a teachers' dan; andit wasnoticeable,in tbevery satisfactory reeults obtained yesterday, thai the teachers and, through tfeam, the children had pro* filed by the regular interchange of thoughts and opinions between the teachers themselves fn] their minister. The general results of the examinatioB were unusually satisfactory, and shoved that, during the last three months, great procress had been made by the scholars. Frizes were awarded to Mise Annie M Kvwn, Arnf-lia Ilipgsns, aud Bobert Sawkers, for their proficiency. Lake Wendouree was patronised yester.'tiy by a large number o! visitors, Ivey's steamcis being crowded with passengers to and from the Botanical Gardens, while hundreds were afloat in bailing acd rowing boat?. We learn that Mr Tronp. superintendent of loeom&tiveB; at the Western railway station, has been appointed to the charge of the new at Sandhurst, with an increase of salary, to take effect from the lBt of July. While Mr Truup's [.'.iniL'- fous friends in Ballarat, together with his ftUuw employes, will regret his removal, it will be a. pleasing reflection that he has received such welldeserved promotion. His hair was oat short, and his habiliments were of regulation make, and stamped in set plants -with mystic letters and an arrow-head. He labored near tbe lake-side for many dnjs with several other knights of his noble order, who were protected from molestation by a number of aroied men. As be labored he found a treasure—a n«=at little nugget of pure gold—but beyond eight of his fellow* laborers. A number of thooghts raced through bis active brain, and not deriring to swell the revenne. or unwillingly add to the in- come of one of those who prevented his being raoleeted. he carefully buried his treasure and marked the plant. He had three monthB still to sojourn with bis brother knights, as he could not break his vow, and during that time many & vision of some lucky member of the public at large dropping on the plautdisturbed his slumbers, broke his rest, and diminished his appetite. At Inst he had falfilled his penance, and was free. He rushed for the spot and* disinterred the treasure. He says that if it was only for assault again, and he could serve another three months, he'd not mind doing it for another nugget. Privation is thrown away upon that partaker at Magee's table. Tbe Cambrian Hill State School, No. 920, was examined on the 20 ih iuitant by Mr Holland, in. epector of State schools. There were 127 children liable for examination, of whom 125 were present. Tbe inspector's percentage was 93 481. The inspector reports:—The result ef the examination is highly satisfactory. Good and neat work has been done in all classes. Tbe organisation is good, the discipline excellent. The efficient condition of tbe school is very creditable to Mr Millar and staff" (Mi9s Gallie and Miss Heinricbsen). Seventeen scholars tn the fifth and sixth classes obtained their certificates. The following nominations have beeo made for the vacancies in tbe board of advice for tbe west riding of LeighshireMessrs B. T. Anning, W. Carr, JUIL, C. W. T. Cookesley, W. B. Les. C. W. Stan brook, and B. Turner. The poll will be taken in the State schools at Corinohap, Rokewood Junction, and Dereel, and at the Mtchauics* Institute, Rokewood, on the 28ih instant, between tbe hours of nine and four o'clock. Oar Smythesdale correspondent writes: — "I understand that the local banks will act as cullectors of the rorn and defaced silver coinage now in circulation, acd will replace it with tbe new silver hueiy received at tbe Melbourne Mint. This will be a great convenience to the public, and should cause the battered sixpences, the smooth shillings, and the still more doubtful threepenny and fourpenny bits to be relegated to the melting pot (from which they have been far too long absent) to have their youth renewed." Tbe programme for the grand Burrumbeet and Windermere Annual ploughing match, under the auipices of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, will "be found published in our advertising columns to-day. The prizes range from £20 down to £1—the farmer amount representing the Burrumbeet and Windermere cup, for the bestploughed land in the field, to be von twice btfore the prize is obtained. Tbe match will be held on Friday, the 4ih of next month, Mr Hy. Anderson's ground at Windermere having been chosen tor the purpose. Mr Anderson's farm is only about half a mile from the Windermere railway station, and will therefore be convenient to visitors by raiL Tbe skating rink at the Academy of Music was opened for the season on Saturday night, when there was a large attendance, many ladies and gentlemen availing themselves of the opportunity of taking part in that very enjoyable winter pastime and healthful exercise known as ritilang. We are informed that should the lessee receive sufficient support, he will keep the rink open tbe season, but that otherwise it will be open for only a limited period. We have received from Mr Summerscalee the new number of tbe " Weekly Welcome," which contains a splendid portrait of &.R.H. the Duke of Connaught. The publication, altogether, is of a very superior character. We are making full enquiries into the particulars supplied by " Next neighbor," and will deal with our correspondent's letter when those enquiriesare completed. Mr Brown, the State, school teacher of Dead Horse, gave an interesting and instructive " juvenile" lecture on Bunyan's "Pilgrim's .progress," illustrated with a magic lantern, on Friday evening. Tbe building was foil, and both old and young seemed to enjoy the entertainment very much. Of the 1109 persons relieved at the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last week, 465 were children* Tbe dulness at present existing in Cornwall has elicited the sympathies of a number of local gentlemen, who have convened a public meeting at the Mechanics' Institute for to-morrow evening, at eight o'clock, to assist tbe sufferers. It is to be hoped that the many Co irishmen residing in Ballarat will be present to aid in euch a charitable cause. " A Summer Evening at Lake Wendouree," by Mr Enud Bull, bang almost a similar oil p»i"ting to that which was sold by tbe artist named to Mr H. R. Caselli for 100 guineaa^ was on view on Saturday evening at Messrs Bard well and Beauchamp's studio, Sturt street, and elicited a large amount of attention. We remind our readers that to-night a complimentary benefit will be given to Mr D'Arcy Read at the Alfred Hall, it being most positively the farewell appearance of the M ghosts n in Ballarat. The City and Town drum and fife band have kindly given their services for the occasion, and, as will be aeen by the advertisement a monster programme has been prepared. Children will be admitted free aa usual, and aa this will be the las t opportunity of seeing the amusing and extraordinary entertainment, we expect to aee a bumper home. M'Lean'e Juvenile Dramatic Company, which was ao much appreciated when here some little timepgo, and which bas been playing witb great success at the Princeas' Theatre, Melbourne, returns this evening for a short season, at the Academy of Uusic, to reproduce their' exceedingly clever and amuaing performances. The company, which has been pronounced by critics an excellent one, will also exhibit thai vocal talent; Mist Nina Tulloch and Master Fariato especially being very successful in this line. The company, this evening, play " Conrad and Lizette," and " Patchwork, or Hamlet on a String." Daring the past week 141 indoor anil E39 outdoor patients were treated at the Ballarat Hospital. ** Dispute " can have his question answered by calling npon the editorof this journal, at The Cornier Office; not otherwise. A requisition is in course of signature, requesting Mr J. Mitchell or Windermere to become a candidate-at the next election for tbe south riding of the Ballaratshire Council, ia August. A sale of Crown lands in fee-simple will be held at Egerton on Tuesday, the 22nd of next month. A meeting of the citizens rending in the central ward will be held at the Western hotel, Sturt street; this evening, at eight o'clock, to consider matters of local interest. A lithographed map of Ballarat, allowing the Band and Albion and other reefs, and (he position of tbe claims recently taken up at Sebastopol, is now on aaSe at Mr Ktve&'a establishment, Sturt street, at Is a copy. Tbe Age regrets to record the death of Sir George Stephen, father of Mr Justice Stephen, who died on Friday. He bad attained a ripe age, and bis decease waa attributable to gennsl break-up of tbe system. 8ir George Stephen had taken an active part in questions of interest ia England more thsn half a century ago. He waa concerned in the trial of Qneen Caroline, and waa commistHoned to proceed to the Continent to investigate mattcra connected therewith- He alao exhibited great energy during tbe agitation for the abolition of the slave trade, and for his services in connection therewith received knigbthood. In this colony Sir George Stephen did not take any active part in political life. He practised at the bar for many years, rhlffly in tbe' Insolvency Court. A tew yean ago In received the distinction of Queen'a Counsel. He was the author of "Adventures in Search ot a Hone," and alao note voluminously o n relicious nbjects. The funkal will take place 00 Mbsdj^ / ^ \- It Is evident oow(ranarfcs the Herald) that Mr Balaton, the lateohief offleer of the Ajoca, and itho waa attested tm a charge of implicatelathe gold robbery,ttiw^ the -oonfeasfan of Weibeis, but afterwards released, as there was no evidence against him, will sot comtTout to Melbourne as a witness against Weiberg—presumably because ha fa engaged la a caae ot datum against fl»P.and O. Oompiay, and his demands on the Government {or bis presence io Melbourne at tbe trial &re; too great to be entertained for a moment. The Crown law officers are, however, prepared to go on with tbe case without Mr EUiston. as the evidence they are in possession of is sufficient to warrant their taking these steps without waiting for Mr Ellistoo's evidence. We (Hamilton Spectator) regret to announce the death of Mr "William Cooper, the proprietor of the Portland Guardian, which event took place on Thursday evening. The Portland Guardian is one of thi» ofdept newspapers in Victoria, having been established in 1S40, or thirty-nine years ago, by a Mr Wilkinson, wbo was succeeded by Bir T. E Richardson, of whom Mr Cooper purchased the newspaper about 1859 or 18G0. Mr Cooper, v-ho was previously encaged on the Baliarat press, has continued to conduct the Guardian ever since he became proprietor, and although it has often been our lot to differ with him io politics, and more especially vith regard to local politics, we are both ready and willing toadmiftbHt if Mr Cooper did "net always select the wise«t couree to pursue on every occasion, he was, at any rate, invariably promptei by a sincere desire to do what he considered best for the interests of the town of Portfeed. Sir Cooper was more than once elected a member of the borough council of Portland, and a fi-w yeftT8 ago lie offered himself as a candidate to represent the county of Norman by in the Legislative Assembly, but was unsuccessful. H<? leaves a wife and three childrep to mourn their less. A report ha i been furnished to the Minister of Railways on the very narrow escape from a serious collision upon the Essen don line. It appears >eays the Age) that the ten minutes past six up train from Wodonga, which rm forty minutes past oue p.m. down at tbe Newmarket station, was late in arriving at Essendon on Thursday afternoon, and tbe stationmasier at KsseBdon telegraphed to the station master ,at Newmarket, instructing him to let tbe down train go on to Essendon. In the' meantime tbe Wodonga train had arrived at Essendon, and through come mismanagement was allowed to start on the staff ticket, in the face of the down train. Fortunately a collision wss prevented by the Wodonga setting back to Essendoo. The stationrnaster at Essendon has been suspended by the Minister, who thinks that the £uard and driver of tbe Wodonga train are also to blame for starting without a staff, or obtaining some explanation why a^ staff ticket wae substituted. The Minister of Railways has caused an enquiry to be made into tbe occurrence. The petition of the unemployed to "the Chief Secretary, praying for work, has been signed (ssys the Argus) by 100S men. comprising 396 laborers, 114 carpenters, 57 blacksmiths, 35 engineers. 11 moulders, 13 tinsmiths and plumbers, 34 painters, 27 bricklayers and masons, and 319 of various other trades. Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A., lias consented to introduce the deputation appointed to present the petition, and he has been notified that it will be received by the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Public Works en Monday (to-day). The members of tbe deputation request the unem- ployed who have signed to master ia front of the Treasury at that heur on MUD day, to await the result of the interview. A few days ago we (Age) intimated that there was some prospect of an amalgamation between tbe City of Melbourne Bank and the Australian and European Bank. There is a strong feeling amongst the shareholders of both institutions that the adoption of euch a course would place tbe reconstructed banks in a position of great strength and general popularity. The paid-up capital would be £360,000, their dt-posits £750.000, and their advances over £1,000,000. Tbe joint subscribed capital would be over one million and a half. The Sandhurst branch of tbe Australian and European Bank was re-opened (says the Herald) for business on Saturday morning. Piles of sovereigns were arranged* behind the counter for payment, if required, bat they were not encroached upon, the receipts being three times as much as the withdrawals. Messrs MacBain, Tytherleigh, and Clark, M.L.A., waited (says the Argus) on the Minister of Education on Frio&y;, to ask for the reappointment of one of the ninety unqualified State school teachers who have been dispensed with to make room for the numerous licensed aBd certificated teachers seeking employment from the department. Major Smith refused the application, on the ground that if be revoked the decision io the one case he would be called upon to do the same in others. There is no foundation (says the Age) for the statement made by a contemparary on Friday morning, respecting the probable abandonment of the banquet to Mr Berry on the 1st July. The banquet will tske place, as announced, at the Athensum hall, Collins street, and from the rapidity with which the tickets being purchased, there will probably be a crowded gathering upon the occasion. There will be plenty of subjects connected with Mr Berry's mission upon which he can apeak, both at tbe banquet and at the public meeting on the followiog evening, without trench* ing upon those which will of necessity be reserved for discussion in the House. The Btndigo Evening News of the 16th instant writes:—" Mr Henry Glenny, J J?., of Ballarat, who, for the past six or eight weeks, has been staying in our city, has returned to his home today. Mr Glenny is the superintendent of agents of tbe National Mutual Insurance Company, and his visit to Sandhurst has been for promoting the objects of that institution. Tbe company may well be proud of securing the services of such a gentleman. To show how thoroughly be is qualified for the work, we may state that during his stay in our midst, over 100 policies have been taken out through his instrumentality. Mr Glenny has made many friends in Sandhurst even during this short period, through his geniality and exceedingly social disposition; and, although he came here a perfect stranger, be has left taking with him the good wishes of all with whom he has come in contact." 