IPSWICH. Branch Office, This Day. CRICKET AND FOOTBALL.—A meeting of the membwrs of the Athenian Cricket Club was held in the Council Chambers last evening. Mr. Richards occupied the chair. After the usual routine of business it was suggested that the club be transformed into a football club for the wintermonths. A long discussion followed, and it was ultimately decided that this should be done, and that the name should be changed to the Athenium Football Club. A fresh com- mittee was appointed by ballot, and Mr. J. M. Macdonald was elected Vice-president in the place of Mr. Cannon who has left the district. All the former officers were elected. It was further resolved that the Victorian code of rules be adopted by the club, and that the subscrip- tion for the season be five shillings. It was then arranged that practice should commence on Saturday at 2 o'clock. ' Pun'uc HoLiatT. — Most of our stomkeepertt hatre decided iu observe the Queen'u Birthduy on. MoudHy, the a-Jth, in. uccurdancu »/ith tho ufEeiiil annoimcemoat, that day,b'eing ftir raora noii-reiiient in Ipswich than a Saturday. '?' -j PjiAE Mouniais.— The Highluudcr-i'.jjt' the Peak have decided u^on a diiys' athletic sports for the 26th instant.' The f Pe.ik MoUntAin'1 hotel will be the place of rendezvous, (indaftfiu present clear aud brccing weather eonKii'iiAv tbe affair should prove an attractive, ontkipfor Ipswich people. A programme will be out in a lew da;v3. . . ? : EsGL.'mr Mailb. — A mail 'for Europe via San Francisco will be nuide up bore at, 8 o'clock ihis evening, and our Torres Straits mail 'will' close oil Konday. ? ' ' ( .-,:-. - The Wkathkk. — The re jthbr continues verj' fine and clear; the nights und mornings' '? .Kbin;.' quite cool. The country- around is ' lobl't ing beautifully green, '-but' 'here and' there eensitive plants have already boon toiicheti'V' little by frost. ' ??: ' 1 ?;-? MisOBttAVBA. — A telegram: was -e:usi'v-Jl to-day, from tho( head offloo of tho.Colaniii Mutual Life Assurance Society, an Mcllioumo, flowing the busiuoss of the your, ending ? 31st March. ' Dnring the twelve months there have been issued 2,905 policies, assuring £770,300, nna increasing tlte nnanal premium iueomd by £28,219 .IG3. ,7d! The total inconie of thb Satiety is now i70,090.— The'B'aenieigh raotA, which were /postponed from the Sth instanj, will be hold to-morrow. — A concert will be 'given, in., the Girls' i School; Pbtrie'Terraceytd-m^rrbw evening.— An adjemrned special , ge'neral, meet ing of No! 1 Battery of Artillery will be Jbeld this evening. — To-morrow evening the Prb-; vinoial Grand Lodge, I.- C, will hold a ' Sor row Lodge' in memory of the death of the late lamented Provincial Grand Maater of ths-Irfclr Constitution of QueensVmd, Sir Maurice O'Cou nsll. The' lodee-rbbm wiU be appropriately. ^raped,for_tho occasion^,. and will ba opfm'to'tlie inspection of .ladies and gentlomen betweim72, ,0'clock and 6 to-morrow ufternooo,.— Curltoii's' . Ghost entertainment at tho old ScHobl bf 'Arts' 'wHB-well nttendod last night— It 'is 'announced ?th'rt'tu bbricert will be given bjr'tho'.'Caruudini Comimny at tbe thoatro torraorraii:jiveningi. — . Thsre wijlbo.a^apfa^n'ii parade of B~ Company of Vohirift'er.i'.ifles this evening. ; '''. ' ' ''''jTxr Moor^ 'OENTKNABViil-i!4:- - rlnmer^nsljr pt_teuded .meeting of tho supporters', of this ' celt'braliori was' held at the Chambor of iCom meris,. iTown. Hall, 'last night; fBr; 3. B. 'Hiokiein' the eh'uir'.- ' ItVaspropoSea ;and'uri animbi'iBly'Tesoive'd that a literary and mU6icd}, lehterUiinment :ko giieh at Hhe iOId'1 School of Arts, on the mh^inttantl-tobe follbwediby-a,'. snppe'r'at whidn ah ode or oration in aid:of the pn6t;Mdoiej;:will.'.'be! dolffcred. The Injecting was addressett-by Mettrs. Fitzjjibbon; Kagjjli^ 1 0'Keiffe', Kyail, Hnghes1. indfof hep jjentlemen, 'who ail ' expressed an' earnest hope that the entertainment and supper would bo largely supported; thoy stated 'that no pains iponld b'o; , f pared by the' comniittee to. ...render ;.,boUi) aii':unqu!iiified isu'ccfiis., -/The ,h'or!^ Becrotury ^Uo.tjddra^seditheimeeting, and in tho course of, his remarks pronounced u glowing euloginm on ! -the'^enlQa'utid plitriotiBtn of 'Ireland's national hardr- Topi -'iMbor^ ,., Messrs. . Kragb* '_ J.' '. B. Hifjcie,' Eyati', JTitig^ibori,'1, Hjaghes^ O'Keefo, .W^'iiah.^p'BrieR, ? Kelly, Cuanck, and T. S. Hjekoy *ore,.chyseii( ,11s ii Bub:c;oujinittOL' to carry outjiil Uje trrrangemeu ta for the celebra. tion 6t the centenary^ ' ,'I'he'itub-committee deoid,od en holding a meeting to-morrow nftor. upon...- Judging .from-. the ;unanimity und enthusiasm at last night's lneeting; the demon stration promises to be highly snocesaful. Tho musioal^poriion of the prograrump will, we nndurstai\d^ consist eololy', of 'wjectioim from l' Moore' a.Molodies.1' ; -, ?-'?/ ; ; , ? .?-- \ , ; Thb Philadelphia iVoyms-'BiiyB':— ' If the wo|neu s: Huttragp, purty,- ib ropruif--ut-;a tii- cer: tain nietiiberB'of it who .recently waited upon the Presideiit and members of pongr-68, askinp jtirthe li-galiBiition.' of ,th«. Mormon -marriagen' .contracted before tlie .'lute ,do;;iaiou :by tho Supreiiio] Court, it is wisb in waiting iu silniico for the' result: -','. TJut if it, is uot bo repre.-ented, it would do' well to fc'ay Bo'. Thoru ar6 very few pUtformi that can aiford to havo' volunteer ? plunks thrust into them, and no party of men, it' tho febliug of tho outside publiu cu'^bo, triibtod, could tako th« no»icion urged by thedn ladicp. As f»r as meru sentiment gopg, tho iliuision (if the court i'b exccadiugly hard upon ithe VWldren of tho Mormons, and compara tively to upon thu wives; but law is liufap. tu Hop lit fcentimont, and the people who dofy law for' religious or other reacimB miiijt expoot one of t*o;thini!«— to change the law, or libido thft'Oonsequeni-cs; and1 whatever olso is urged for the Mormon int'n and women, il'cminot-bo claimed that thoy were not fully Vatnod of wbKt'tHoy h»i to «xpeot if they continued in Uuitod atates territory aud lived' In d'efianoa of its laws. ? Whether' they 'had tho eontfort'bf a good conscienoo, as is claimed ' by tbej Wueh-^ in^tou delegation, waaubt cbnsiddiled id court.' 