Apostolic Succession. The Rev. S. Green preached at St. Paul's Church, Port, on Sunday evening (St. Bartholomew's Day), upon the above subject, taking his text from the 19th and 20th verses of Ephes., 2ch. :—"Now, therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints . . . . and are built upon the Apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone." The speaker said that his subject was peculiarly appropriate, as they that day commemorated the Feast of one of the holy Apostles, whom they reverenced and honored not only on account of the devotion and virtue they had manifested, but because they were the foundation on which the Church was built—next to Christ himself, the originators of that Christian Society which is sometimes called the Church of God, and, in the mystic vision of the Revelation, " the City of God, the heavenly Jerusalem." In direct allusion to the subject he said it would matter very little what form the Church took if it were merely a human society; if they simply connected themselves together for the worship of God, without the observance of the Sacranjents, etc., they might adopt a Constitution and regulations which seemed best to their combined wisdom. But their Church being a divine institution, continued down to and since the days of the Apostles, it was plainly important that they should have a knowledge of and order themselves according to its rules. He then propounded the question—What is meant by claiming the Apostolic Succession, and what benefits flowfrom the fact 1 He would put it in a simple way : supposing that cure were to become vacant, and there were no available clergymen to occupy it, how would they fill the vacancy ] Would half-a-dozen of the oldest, most experienced, and most God-fearing join together to ordain any man they pleased to minister in the Church ? They would all answer no. But why ? And in the reply lay thejsolution of the whole question. He expressed his firm conviction that " if the Church of England to which wejbelong is not in the Apostolic Succession she is the greatest sham upon God's earth. She has neither Bishops, priests, nor deacons; her children are not baptized, nor are her members confirmed, as they think they have been." It was a solemn thing to say of a divinely- appointed .institution, but he would try to show that it was a true and a right thing. They read that before Jesus ascended on High He ordained amongst his followers prophets, evangelists, priests, and teachers, for the work of the ministiy and the edification of the body of Christians. The Christian Ministiy was therefore as much divine gift[as were the Bible and the Sacraments ; it formed an essential part of the constitution of the Church. No man might at his own pleasure take the sacred office, and few, no matter of what Church or denomination, would venture to say he might. Though he might be as eloquent to teach, as God-fearing, as those who held the office, those—nay, all the necessary spiritual qualifications—would not of themselves constitute him a Minister. There were as wise aud wiser men off the Bench as on it, but their judgments would be worthless in a legal point of view, because the necessary judicial authority was not vested in them. Just so was it with the Christian ministry : they must obtain a commission in some way or other from the Divine Head; and, having been called by God, they received the sacred office from such as had power to give it. Even when the Dissenters wished to have a person ordained to minister to them, they asked one of the older Ministers, who had been already ordained in their way, to do what they wanted. But what were the New Testament proofs ? In the Acts we found that the Apostles themselves ordained Bishops and elders, and that these in turn were instructed to search out suitable men upon whom they might lay their hands, that they also might receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. St. Paul, too, addressing Timothy and Titus, exhorted them " not to neglect the gift that is in you "—the power to ordain by the laying-on of hands. It followed, in common-sense, as well as according to the teachings of the Scriptures, that a man could not ordain others if he had not by ordination himself received the power. So in the Ministry there must be a regular succession; for if it were competent for any person to confer the sacred officf, the door would be opened to all manner of disorder and confusion. But there was not a trace of this latter in the New Testament : it was entirely without the sanction of the Word of God ; it was quite opposed to the old method established by the Apostles, and continued ever since. So that when the Church claimed the Apostolic Sucbes- Bion she meant that she had an unbroken series of links which united the clergy of the present day with the Apostles. As an historical fact the succession of the present Archbishop of Canterbury could be traced up to the Apostles' times, and that without one link being missing. The people had a right to ask what authority their Ministers had, and if the question 'were put to him he would answer that he had received Ms authority from a Bishop, who had also obtained it in like manner from one qualified to give ity and so back, step by step. Some years ago a God-fearing enthusiast went to the latelydeceased Bishop of Jerusalem, stating that he had been sent to help him in his work* The Bishop asked for his credentials. He man showed none, but said he " had an inward call." " Show me a sign, then," said the Bishop; when God sent people he always gave some sign, that the people might know that they really came from Him." But the enthusiast, of course, could not produce a sign, and the Bishop addressed him: "Judging you by Scripture 'I cannot believe that you are sent by God, or a sign would be given you; by your own acknowledgment you have not been sent by anyone having authority : therefore I cannot receive you." That (the Speaker conceived) was a fair argument; for they were taught by the Old Testament that when the prophets were sent they were accompanied by a sign : the power to work miracles, or utter some prophecy which would be speedily fulfilled. But in the ordinary succession these signs were not given nor required. We never read of the high priests of old working signs, because their succession from the house of Aaron was sufficient; for Aaron, when appointed, had a sign given him, in the blossoming of his rod. So when the Apostles lived nearlyall believers seemed to have extraordinary power; but the institution passed away. The men whom the Apostles ordained had not like power because they had commission from those who had. autho- rity. That was an exceedingly important point. Sometimes they heard men say, *'We will believe that the Bishops are successors of the Apostles when they work miracles." If God were to form a Church on earth now, the Bishop would probably have that power, but as it was there was no necessity for it. The doctrine of the Succession was held by every branch of the English Church. The Dissenting bodies did not hold it (with the exception, he believed, of the Presbyterians); they did not think it necessary that their Ministers should have an Apostolic Succession. He would not enter into an argument with them that night, but would point out that there was no trace of their belief in the Holy Scriptures, or in the history of the Church for 1500 years. Reiterating his statements respecting the authority conveyed by the imposition of hands, the preacher said it was important for Churchmen to cling to the Apostles' doctrine of fellowship, and quoted as bearing upon the point the passages in the Acts, descriptive of the practice immediately after the Day of Pentecost; adding that a Churchman, believing this doctrine, dare not leave his-own church—being convinced that the clergy had spiritually descended from the Apostles, he dare not give up the institution which Christ ordained. But while the Church claimed this let it never be forgotten there belonged no especial merit to the clergy : they were simply officials of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords—the means by which Christ's grace was given to His people : not the only, but the chief, means. Carrying out the illustration with which he had commenced : if the half-dozen had ordained a man he would not be a lawful Minister of the Church, and if he in turn were to ordain another man to minister, and the same thing were to be kept up for 100 years, the last thus ordained would have no more power than the first; the proper authority would be wanting. Applying this, the rev. gentleman continued— "The denominations around us, God-fearing as they are, we look upon as private societies of holy people, not properly constituted; the Ministers as officials of a private society, not as elders and ministers such as those upon whom the Apostles laid their hands. We must honor them for their devotion, which often exceeds our own; for their deep piety, attested by words and deeds; but we cannot (would to God that we could !) regard them as built on the foundation of the prophets as part of the Temple built to the Lord. May God bring about a reunion of Christendom, so that all the people may be brought into unity. There are bound to be great diversities. There would be nothing wrong, for instance, if the Wesleyans (the last to sever from the Church) had their classmeetings and other forms as at present, if only their Ministers were properly and lawfully ordained. There is nothing whatever in the constitution of the Church of God, as shown in the Holy Scripture or ecclesiastical history, to prevent that part of the Church from following the customs they themselves think right, if only as essentials they had the Apostolic Succession, ard their Ministers were lawfully ordained. The time of union may come. Christ prayed for it, and we must pray for it too. But, remember, we must not be unfaithful to the Church of God of which we are members: that superstructure which is built on the prophets, of which Christ himself is thte chief Cornerstone. May God, who gives power to His officers, and gifts to fulfil their duties rightly, pour down His Spirit, that our energies may be revived, that we may display greater charity in word and deed; and while we are thankful that v i ourselves belong to the Church of God prope y constituted according to His will, we shall e kindly disposed towards those who by errors of their judgment, or hereditary predisposition, have left the Church." 