OOHG(Z tEGATION&L; CRUSCE. IP?WLOU. Focrnsrrowr Brr?w. We intimoled * fee weeIks coo that, in oDnsoquenm of our loca Concrssons C-urcb havinl beaome too small for tbh aemodnodoo of Ito ateedyin evening cogegtion, the dacol had decided to mLke a ddition to it btb wroldld.roeide at least beteso 14?and 160 net eittingt T pjano for the olugoemoeot mere, uses eabsequenty informead or eadesappm rod otre meeing otihe member of the Cbureb, Indes ase incited for the cork, and that of Mr. Pete Drown w cepted. The nonlts-c tor lout ano time in emenibg optuslone, and on Tuoeda ahfeoon lot the plauing and interesting cremony of loyin thu oendstiotc.otomn olf e nerw portion "macene through. The eeremuop-probhbuy Ifron the inoeeuniaent tinge selected for tit psr'?co. ann- did out clIent a ve large alteondeat but amog?jt thouc pnrwen were wepresenlcti o of cme of the otter denominations in town, including three of the miniters of Chonhee not ooontested sb t.he OongJrtiooas body, Is tea not to be ctpePted, of cou.e., that thu event would event. the sam amounL of intere t ryiqg of bIe foudatioa s too of. nec ohb-h incarriblp dorss but those prnt at the earemony on Thuody eltecs riegodd it no a muos grtfing vtd;ncsm otepe0ogleue sad prosperiy of The proeedln wmr ?rr t thenned bthe inrging of ?.pothe d ;bys, on oton hsg lana?, eehe Tbtr4eo ameet, . toasar b b ee oa net *osd Afte the singing of 11* hpear the se. P.floba~rtac engagd ap preyer. end at no ooolocioo the Bee. 1). Mossrop, formerl pseaur of the CharabI, m~d portion, of Brinters fromo the Olab chptr of lia BLeat Dusk The User. B. GDlYrrta thes red the Polnclng cerpsot pcetnfnga thet et bottle ehie ahd just beet ~lead InthauY n atyuderte fb onsdeslcnasosgeeeu. toaleed aW eup .1) , on I eel ca cpies oflhutst Isaa of theten ocal pepna- teaidr~l~~Pr 63555. wRo was esltl ~wah fiereeep otestbelsee~ ofL mebers an sebse~ Utrsnt 1 nn~ eana r,au4., vwuta an~JU *aebs Lhesh·v leend -irdnh *.mpS*LUI my~· n The gru~,nt lesu t c~~ruwh~etieCtscG ee tes sa tiaslebcpn l aoe a l esaebcse rr~~ r QI ns, *wna. ttdletg has r mew eaL1Dtrlr M*neullketbes the1~ theM~U~ L~~; .L pen pflas ~ flaes op ft74Z~ 'E~ ~~. tMurii~L rr I~ur rI.buA IP w t~e tsoT rU~& ht4.4L~rflbfll wratiioa . aIit Is wres toenagio inilse dais paople- ealeial r young webpate-?oald hwv to t. vry gusdld,( sortheywsold tom t in o feyl phiire of bs ? ithb iadelitty-not An the rogh 6moa ti Whic t presented itself in ? years, but in a onah k .oliv e and fa ii'nrinidio gutise but it ?a jat pernicionaM its effects. In voaeetion wit 0$e igio tfthe Bile, boweer,theerwa one feat tt- di RfiBpirit--4v Wrhm theya~old loo. ;Tsy neded the idoleae fl theOspsl in their li.s, aid they reqired it ii be rehsdared vaing by the Roly Ghost. uI thbay were i arfl obtseer of the tto of te Woartd at of patieular nation$, or e i of indhivual, tby would be con?ronted with this tk, that whein religion exerted tbe intfoues it- ws dmiged to es,t thers tthe would ia.ri alfj did treo prosperity, Vpace, sad brppionee. I0 y sontry, or in sy fatly, in proportion as brhtioity prospered, so would be the prosperity, ithe safety. ta peer, the happiates of that ootry or family ; but in proportion as thO hristin religion ewe neglested, ao would be the trials nd diifrnle and dieppnintrmto we ehould be called upso to endare. He did not sy, of conre, bhst she Obristian w ?o free from id thrse; be knew rest the day of darknoa were a erave reality in the life of the Chris tis; tI bt there would eom s time in the life of t per son when nothing hot th 0esoureea of the Gospel rould rafod that whieh would e?tieft the onl. Ther 1 read in their newvsltper., from t'ime to time, of eiaides here and there throghoot the laod; and whst I a the anuse of thee P BI ,ase in emrrh e the da of. darkonea had ret upon the soul, and foundt man a ttranger to the true ?o"ot of life and otrea?th. If the religion of the Biile were worth anything to a reon, it would show evideiteo of it in thi general deportmentnd ncrraerer; it would, in oret, bte sing id others. If ie desired the bsppinere of the eoautry, At se resort to the only relt asorce of hbaepiras and anmolation-and that was the religion of Christ. He (Mr. Foote) coaidered that we could take no course so efeetive in proaroing the best interests o a country as the prctieal extension oft eligion in the land. The elargement of that sanotury was ott merely the ex tendian of the building- it meant the extension of an inflence that would exert itself smongt men eery -whee. Where the inttmes of the Goepet war nos tonI , therus tre eonsolation w a stranger. Mr. Fbote then spoke of the dotieies ch doeolved upon iedieidoal Ohristians. pointing oat that they shonld lot leave ererything in onnecion n ti ith C.orh wrork to the aiisiter, desaons; or penyer-leatdi; that it \--s noeosesry to come to COhreh with a premredr mind ; that their minister ahould be constantly re oerabeed by them at the Throne ofCrraee and thu it lay entirely 4ith them to say to what ettent the Boepel should be avinz ead theo antry blessed. A receptacle was placed on the stone, and Mr. BEzTrar inrited these who elt disposed to assist if the eration of the addition to te Church to pilse their offerings in the plats. erers! person&s; then ams forward, and pllced their entributions on the sto?e, the totrl ane Jeceived monoating to £9 -17s he chiru than anu the881st byra, beginuing ttls stone to Thee is fit we tIy; We boul the tumler, , to Thee, after which the em. Mr. Grifath delivered a short addres. Mr. Gatirra, in the somne of the few observation be made, sail that a fmondation-stone wai enmetimme laid of a palace, sometimes of a bhose, somnerimn of a comercial building, and a turf ws cat when ther st?ted a rilway. But theeremony that day was something diffrent Inm all these. They were the reslts of hops exaited; hbt the laying o this fouods. tion-sto waus the esult of hopes resioed. It au not beeau the old building woald look btter that it had had been decided to amte this addition to it, but be cause it war found neemry to do so in order that the young l?ople who were geowingap uar nd them might bhae more saital sacoommodation. As the hopes e. pressed t tbhe ying of the foundatun-stne of the old building ad be realised, other hopes would be are to be secomplihed. The atone of the old church bad beea laid in faith and pnyeer ; the tone of the new additioa hsd si jAst been lrid in faith and prayer; and they expaet-rtbei knewr-that they would have what they dred. 'Thete had bea laid in faith itred been laid in eaosetion with a plat whbere Christ wa psrotaim d, and where no other Goapel would ev be preabed. The singing of anotber bymn and the pronounsing of the benedition brought the proeediang to a os. 