FICTION. tWtom KsRlltb, Imnlcii, «ad otb.r Periodical!) A J¥UfEI<l!SS $11. CHAPTER XXXIII. FATHKB AND SON. Mr. Mitchel took his place among the employas of Lord Ulverston ; he was looked upon with great respect, Lord Ulverston spoke highly of his talents, and said how much he wished him to be obeyed and , zespected. The mere expression of his wish was I law to every one on his estate, and Owen found him I self treated with the greatfst consideration. & He himself had rooms in the cottage belonging I to the woman who took charge of the lodge gates. p It was just on the outside of the park, quiet and beautiful ; he enjoyed the fresh air and the sweet ' smelling flowers ; he was pleased to be at work again, and put the whole force and strength of his heart and soul into bia work. People became ac- customed to him ; every one liked him ; he was si- lent and grave, yet there was something so gentle 'and sweet in his manner that all loved bim. It seemed so strange that he, this tall, strong man, bid the art and charm even to tame the wild birds ; the brown hares leaped, regardless of him, in the woods ; they did not seem to take fright at the sight of that man's white face; the squirrels jumped from the trees, and did not scream with fright at him, The people about the park sson became accus- tomed to the toll, strong ngura and the sad, half stern, half sweet face. He did not make many friends. The men soon became accustomed to his silent, grave manner ; they respected him, but there was not one among them who did not understand that he had a secret in his life-a secret that had made him old in his youth. They noticed that ho never went where he would "be likely to meet any of the fairer sex-he never seemed to take the least notice of them ; no one ever saw him stop to speak to any of the rosy-faced äorymaids, or to any of the pretty maids at the ball; they came and went, they passed and repassed bim with shy, coy looks ; he never even saw them ; they sent him pretty messages ; he never seemed to bear them ; but he worked-no m9n ever worked so bard ; he seemed to have no other pleasure ; from the early norn until Inte at night he worked without cessation. Lord Ulverston soon became more than pleased-Owen had such grand taste, the combina- tion of colors, the amngement of platts-no one could equal bim. He spoke everywhere of his clever gardener. And in the meantime the solitary man made one Mend, one man seemed to hnve an attraction for bim; it was Chiltern tbe head gamekeeper, a stal- wart, honest man, who was struck with admiration at Owen's talent. Tfee tvpo were friends ; they did not talk very much together, but each felt that the other was reliable, might be trusted to the very death, Chiltern bad often invited Owen to his borne. "I have a dear little wife and a pretty little bonse," he would say ; come and see ub, Mr. Mitchel, jon must be very lonely ; come on Sunday and take dinner with us ; come when you will. My wife is the kindest of women, the will make you so wel- come-she will be so pleased to see you." He wondered why this* choaon friend of his leisure hours turned from him with a sigh on his pnle lips. His thoughts had flown in one moment to that little home of his where his beautiful young wife bad reigned like a queen. Chiltern might well won- der at the groan that came from his lips. " I cannot visit you," he said, abruptly ; " I think the sight of a home would destroy me," and for some weeks no more was said about it ; but the time -came when Chiltern, through an injury to his arm, was quite unable to leave the house, and from sheer good nature Mr. Mitchel went to see him, The keeper's house was a pretty, comfortable place, tbe wife a bonnie, fair- haired woman, with one of those warm, kind, motherly hearts that re- flect brightness on all ; around them were several pretty fair-haired children, At first O wen passed them by and took no notice of them, then, one by one the little ones crept up to bis side, one by one the little fair-haired heads clustered round him, and the little voices prattled to him of treasures in the woods and the fields, There was a quiver of pain on his face as he lis- tened; then that passed, and he had learned to look at a child, to listen to a woman's voice, to endure the love, and peace, and happiness of home, when another incident occurred, It was one evening in August, and Owen had taken a basket of fruit to the sick man, who was rap- idly regaining health and strength. Chiltern was sitting up outside the cottage door, under the shade of the great elder trees, his wife sitting near him busy with her work, the children playing round ber. A beautiful home picture that never faded from his eyes. One by one be took the children in bia arms, kissed them gravely, and set them down gain. There was Tom, the curly-headed rogue, who was at once the greatest torment and the great- est pleasure ; Mollie, a pretty blue-eyed child, and Madge, a grand little brunette ; but now from be- tween the trees another child came, and from the moment his eyes rested upon him until the moment be died, Owen Roden was never again the same man. This was a handsome boy, about seven years old, dressed in black yelvefr-a boy who looked as though be had just stepped out of some picture-frame. He bad a beautiful face, dark eyes, and golden-brown I .curls, grand limbs, and a strong, gallant figure-a j boy to win any one's heart from the first glance at his bonnie face. He came from the great group of trees, crying out for his friend and playfellow, Tom. Owen could not tell why, he did not understand his own sensations, he could not analyze his own feelings-the first look at the child's face seemed to strike through his whole being. " Ah," said Chiltern ; " here ia John ! Tou have never seen him, Mr. Mitchel." The strong figure trembled, a quiver of pain passed over the pale face-yet why P How foolish ! Wby did the child's face strike him with terror that was half joy, pleasure that waa half pain-why waa HP The child came up to him with outstretched hands. " How do you do P" he said. " I have seen you very often, but 3 ou have never spoken to mo." Dear Heaven; what was '.here in this child's sweet, shrill voice that made bim fall back white and trembling-that stirred bia heart with a music long still- that Bent t he blood like molten fire through his veins-that brought a cry to his lips-that gave him a shock like that of an earthquake-what wsb it? A child's shrill, sweet voice, with atone in it that waa familiar to him. Yet what folly I "Am I going mad?" he thought to himself. "She hannt9 me sleeping or waking. I see her face in the morning heavens, in the evening skies, in every flower, in every moment ; but if her eyes are to look at me out of a child's face, if her voice is to speak to me from a child's lips, then I am mad !" And all this time the boy stood looking at him, with his hand outstretched. " Will you not shake banda with me P" he said. " I know you-you are Mr. Mitchel, who came to make my lord's gardens beautiful." Then Owen clasped the little hand in his, What could it mean, that strange trembling which seized him P It wrb but the touch of a child's hand. The dark, laughing eyes looked fearless in his fnce. " I saw you feeding n equirrel in the Home Wood yesterday," he said, " but you did no see me." " No," eaid Owen, hoarsely. " I did not see you ; that is true." Something of the sadness in his face and hia voice seemed to attract the child ; he looked at him more attentively. " People say you have had a great trouble," he Baid ; is it true ?" " Hush, John ; run away and play," said Chiltern. Then turning to Owen, with an air of apology, the keeper added : " You must not notice him, Mr. Mitchel ; he means no harm. All the children about here have talked nonsense about you. Bun away, John." " No," said Owen, " Let him stay with me ; he must not go away." He asked the child some simple questions, and Johnnie answered them proudly, his bright, fearless eyes fixed on Owen's face. "I think," said j^oor Owen, slowly, "that I have seen a boy just like you in my dreams." " Dreams !" cried the child ; " I have dreams-I like dreams," " I hope, my little boy, you will never have dreamB like mine," said Owen, gently. " Yes, I have seen you in my dreams ; I have Been your eyei, and they have looked at me just gb they do now ; your bon- nie curls, I know you, yet I cannot tell how." " It is strange," said the keeper. " how the like- ness in a face strikes us, I Bee one sometimes, and it makes me wonder." Owen was looking thoughtfully over the toll trees he turned to his friend. " Did you hear what that child said ?" he asked. " Is it true that people talk of me in that fashion ?" Chiltern looked round uneasily ; like many other very good men, he was quite devoid of all presence of mind. When a difficult question was asked, he generally looked round to his wife, and bo mutely appealed to her ; he did so now, and the kindly woman laid her knitting-needles on the table, and looked Owen fully and frankly in the face. "Mon was not made to live alone, Mr. Mitchel,'' she said, " and you are too lonely. People say no harm of you, but it does startle one to meet you, at all hoars of the evening, walking along, with your eyes on the ground, as though you had no one to care about you, and as though every moment you expect to bee the shadow of some ghost or other." Owen smiled ; the kindly face pleased bim. " If they say no worse of me, Mrs. Chiltern, I am content; that will not hurt me," he said. " Why not cheer up and make yourself more so- ciable, Mr. Mitchel P There are many pretty girls here-" But she started back in affright when Owen raised his hands hastily. ^' Hush 1" he cried. " I am grateful to you for your interest in ree, but never speak to me of such things." " I mean no harm," she Eaid. " At least you might come to see us sometimes." " That I will do," he answered her. " How Í3 it, Mrs. Chiltern, I never saw that little boy of yours, Johnnie, before P" " He is not my little boy ; I take care of him ; he lives with us, but is no relation ; he is a nice child. And now, Mr. Mitchel, I must say good-night; it is time my husband carno in doora. Good-night, and thank you for your kindness. Come and see us as often as you can." And Owen went slowly away. 