NEWS OF THE DAY. The intelligence from Afghanistan published in our cable messages it) of a reassuring nature. The British army under General Eoborts was strongly posted in the Shirpur entrenchments, and though continuous firing has taken pltico ViaLtvii th Afohaiis >.vnd thu British, no serious attack had been mode upon the can tonments. A later message atatos that the relieving force under Goneral Gough had arrived at C'nbul, and that arrangements v,ere being made by a combined movement of tho two forces to attack the Afghans. The city uf Cabul has' been in tho hands of tho mutinuus tribes, and the great bazaar has been sacked by the natives. From the Capo we bear that Secocoeui, tho native chief whoso strong hold was destroyed by. Sir Garnet Wolseley, and who wns reported to have been killed, escaped, but thnt he was pursued, and is now captured. The distress is Ireland is increas ing, and dining the present winter it is feared that extreme hardship will be suffered by num bers of tho population. Belief works have been started by "the British Government, and in England a fund is being to relieve the distress, T)e Queen lias expressed her sympathy with tho unfortunate people, and has Bnbscribcil £500 towards tho fund. A fearful catastrophe is announced 111 tho wreck of one of ' the large Atlantic steamers . tradin-r to Canada, which foundorod nt sea, "over 200 of die passengers being drowned; Our telegram gives tho name of the stcaincr as the Bnrasslu, wliicli wo aro inclined to identify with tho Prussian, ono of tho Allan lino of steamers, running between Liverpool, Canada and the TJidtod States. Christmas day and Boxing day were ob served <ia close holidays. Ths town was thronged with visitors from tlie country' nnd presented a gay and busy appetrane'e! Abundance of entertainment and amusement was provided for nil classes, nnd the vorium attractions received fair patronage. There wu« was not such js. scarcity of. money as might have been expected; from the duhtess of the times. The railways and steamers were «. tensively patronised. On the Hobson's Day Hallway mauy thousands of persons travelled tho returns beingcqunl to those of any previous year. Altogether 88,851 passengers wers booked at the Flinders-street station yestcr. day, comprising— 2050 on the Hawthorn line 1 17,474 on the Windsor and Brighton line; Sandridge and Williamstovn, 11,003 ; Su Kildu and Emei nid-hill, 7,704.' This does not include the out stations, the traffic from which has been unusually heavy, as also tho inward trallio to Melbourne. Tlie P. nnd O. Company's steamer Tanjoro, -with tho present month's mails, took her de- partnre yesterday from the Alfred GraviV Dock Pier, Williamstown, and, although not tailing many passengers, hnd a very laf.'o number of vinitors to seo her off. "On tlu's occasion she is counmmded by her late chief officer, Mr. Moody, who has received the temporal y appointment in consequence of the severe indisposition of her commander, Cuptaiu . \V. H. Fentimau, which lias necessitated his remaining on shore for a time. Tlie Tanjore takes, in addition to twenty-two boxes of 3pccie, valued nt £8000, from Sydnoy per Avoca, gold and speoie from hero to tlie value of £38,016 mnde up as follows : — 3 boxes containing 3340 sovereigns, 21,108 02. 7 dwt. 11 gr oi gold. Mr. J. T. ITarcourt is mentioned as a pro bable candidate for Bichmoud. A ruinor lias gained currency that Sir Bryan O'Loghleo intends contesting Kilmore and Anglewy , with Mr. T. Hunt. Several local gentle, inemcu have also been meutioncd. Mr Peter Wallace has definitely determined to contest Benambra. Mr. ,T. H. Kelly, of Wlilowbanlt, is in the field for Maadurang, His expenses, it is said, are to bj paid,, and also that lie is put forward by the farmers' union. Mr. T. Y. Ander.ion lias announced himself as a candidate for North Gippslatid. In Bacchus Marsh it is proposed to invite Mr. Alfred De'akin to again contest the constituency, nnd in the event of his re- fusing, fiir Bryan O'Loghlen is to be honored with n request. f The twenty-fourth Intercolonial Cricket Mutch between New South Wales and Vio- toria was commenced yesterday, on the Mel. bourne cricket ground, nnd amongst cricketer.! exoiteil mora interest than any similar contest for years past. Tho weather was very hot, and tho wicket being in splendid condition, it proved a batsman's day. Tho Victorians were fortunate in winning tho toss, and went to the wickets. They made a splendid stand, and th.c innings did not close until shortly before six o'clock, when a tlStal of 338 had been reached. Nearly every member of the team batted well. When tho stumps wore drawn for the night Murdoch and Bavis for New South Wales had put together 12 runs without the loss of a wicket. Tlie game will bo resumed to- day at eleven o'clock. At the recent lnatrioulation examination at the University, Wesley Gollego has been hardly loss successful than in former years. Twelve boys were sent up by this school, and' throe mure competed 011 tlicir own responsi bility. Eleven of the former and two of tlie latter pnssod. For the civil service cxamina. tion seventeen were sent up and sixteen passed. Moreover, two of these last took several spare subjects, and passed tho matriculation examina tion, for which they were not candidates. This makes a total of fifteen who have passed ths matriculation examination, and of sixteen la the civil service. A successful all-day Christian conferenn meeting was held yesterday nt the Your; . Men's Christian Association rooms, Melbourne; commencing in the morning at ten o'clock and closing in tho evening atnine p.m., with interval/ between for rest and refreshment ; the reirtslk ments being provided on the pipnises, Tfc) object of the above meoting3 is to utilise pnblis holidays for the furtherance of Christian truth, The Bubjects were as follows : — -From ten to eleven, My Father and your Father, John, xx., 17 ; eleven to twelve, Mine Elect in whom Mj Soul Delightctli, Isaiah, xlii., 1 ; twelve to ons p.m., The Spirit from ou High ; Isaiah, xxxli,, 16\. Afternoon; 'l'xvo to three, Meditation, Joshua, i., 7, 8 ; three to four, The. Prayer ol Faith, Mark, xl., 23 ; four to five, Dead unto sin Alive unto God, Eomons, vi., 2 ; five to six, Heart, Purity and Waiting, Matthew, \\\ 8; 1 John, ii)., 3. Evening : Seven to eight, Thou shalt Komember — Betrospect, 1879, Deut., viti., 1-10 j eight to nine, Highteouj. ness, Peace nnd Joy in the Holy Ghost — Pro spective, 1830, Bomnns, xiv. 17. The con veners were the Itevs. H. A. Langley and H. B. Macartney; junior. The principal spcckers, in addition to tho conveners were, the Dmn of Melbourne, the Hevs. Banning, Clarke, Zillinnnn, Yule, Porteus nnd Mr. Spurgeon. The large loom of the hall was crowded, espe cially in tlie afternoon and evening. The addresses were listened to with deep interest, Notico was given of a week of united aud universal prayer at tho commencement of the year, 4th to lllh January. On Tuesday morning last a Mr. John Davics, a grocer, residing at Brunswick, wai doing business in tho local bank, apparently in tlie beat of health, but ou turing round to leave was seized with an apoplectic fit, and xvas conveyed home in an unconscious state, from which lie never recovered. He died ou Christmas day. Mr. Davies lias been residing in tlie borough about thirty years, nnd from his warm-hearted, genial diapositon he wai greatly respected. A married woman, residing at Carlton, whilst bathing at one of tlie ladies' baths is St, Kildn yesterday, got beyond her depth and was drowned. Tho body xvas qulcldj taken out of tlie water and Dr. Pobertiui xvae sent for, but all efforts on hi3 part te restore animation were without axthil. Hobert Morris, 43 yeara of age, residing al Nunaxvading, met with an accident yesterday which, it is feared, xvill terminate fatally. Hi was engaged loading a dray, and xx'hen on the top of the load I10 slipped and fell to the ground, sustaining injuries to his spine, Morris xvas taken to tho Melbourne Hospital, and at a late hour last night he was con sidered to be in a precarious condition. George Wilson, 29 years of nge, and residing at Terang, xxas admitted into the Melbourne Hospital last night, suffering from injuries to his foot, caused by a cart passing over it. A young mau named Samuel Cramer, aged 20 years, residing In Beilly -street, Col lingwood, had a very narrow escape of being killed yesterday. Ho xvas out shooting xnth » friend at the Deep Creek, Sunbury, xvlien nil companion's gun accidentally went off, and the shot took effect in Cramer's armpit «' xvas at once taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and last night he was-progressing favorably. BeRveeD four and five o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire broke out in a xx-ooden shop to High- street, St. Kilda, occupied by Edward Bourne, caused by a cat overturning a tin ol kerosene into the fire. Flames speedily burn out and seized hold of n vessel on a table .ecu taininga quantity of spirits of wine. This to creased the blaze, and soon the premises"" completely enveloped in the fiery ewto®' beyond all hope of saving anything, "if local fire brigade xvere early at the a®"®', danger, but their efforts xvere chiefly dirt" to saving adjoining property, the shop 0 Charles Davis, tinsmith, and the shop sn dxvellingliousc of Wm. Wardrop, bootma-er- having caught fire.- Their efforts were success ful. The damage to - Davis and Wardrop premises is covored by insurance. , Green nnd Martin's drapers' shop, north " Wardrop'a shop, xvas slightly injured by tnc fire, nnd tho damage xxill also be covereu y insurance. , Tlie folloxi'iug cases of accident xvors mltted into tho Melbourne Hospital yesterday 1 —James Colline, 38 years of age, residing « Nokthcote, suffering from broken P"%'to, . by being struck by a ball whilst plaj 8 hurley ; John Lees, 18 years of nge, re)idro„ in Dryburgh-strcet, suffering from , shoulder blade, caused by falling off a ry when intoxicated ; George Meyer, _1 '' age, residing iu Brooklyn-street, b _ a sovere wound in the eye, caused by throwing tt stone at him. Tho Baglthawk Leader "ports that a som what successful tribnter, residing not many miles from Sailor's Gully, to iihcly ' .t , tho police court for an ntteropted criminal snult upon a marHed woman. _ On' Christmas-day the prisoners n -the X SsWfias'feSiSvS ..tenv of prison life was completely banished. in connection with the Inspector- Oeoeral's, superintendent's and Dr. W. J. Faulkner's establishments received extra cou- Ttocomroitteo of the Prahran School of Desi-m and representatives of the Techno- Weal Commissioners havo mado arran,,c- mmls for the presentation to Mrs. b. II. Bindon of an illuminated address of condo lence, expressive of tlio sympathy and regret of the school in the loss to the cause of tech nology by the death of the late Judge Bmdou, Iho presentation will be made on Monday 'sext at cievon a.m., at Mrs. Bindon's residence, jTennyson-Btreet, St. KlUla. i One of those pitiable cases of suffering that raanot but touch the heart of the observer, me, disolosed at the proceedings of Ihe Police Court on Wednesday, says the Bendtgo Jntle- 'vecdent. A voting man named Joseph Stanley, lr«ldtoE at "Golden Square, was admitted to she Bendigo Hospital a few days ago nt the ifpre's wish of his parents. , Ho appeared lobe suffering from some cerebral disorder. Br Polrnd made a careful examination of lus oat'ient and found him laboring under severe Lute mania. Stanley u na brought before the police court. The poor fellow was very harm- Ls and when Dr. Cruikshank Bat by Ills ' side in the ' court, and questioned 'hto about his illness, he affectionate y placed his arms around the doctors neck, speaking in a lew and musical voice. The mayor asked him what his occupation was pad he replied that he was studying to be or- dained as a minister, and that lio would be better in a few days. When asked if he had My relations, "Yes," die replied, ' 1 h»vo patents, and this" (hitting Constable Walshe 1 slight tap on the stomach) "is my friend „lso " Dr. Poland stated that he believed the unfortunate youth had been studying very much on religions subjects, and that if lie were placed in the lunacy ward of the hospital he would have perfect quietriesa, and once moro recover his faculties. The bench thereupon ordered his removal to the hospital. Mr. .Murray, geological surveyor, who lias been out boring.for water in the country to the north-east of Sandhurst, says the Wanes Ouardiun, finds that lie whole of the country, lying between the Cuinpnepo and the Lod- donis well supplied with water by wells sunk In all direction1', the water being pbtuined at a depth of from 30 feet downwards. Between the Onmpnspe and the Uoulburn, however, the residents are not nearly bo well off and have to oar t water for domestic pur- noses very long distances. He recoimneima that tanks should be sunk and boring carried oil across the line ..where the good supply is obtained, which he thinks would tend to greatly increase the supply in the district where it is required. An old man named James Trimmer, 95 years, of age, died in the M'lvor Hospital on Friday: 19th inst., after being an inmate of the insti tution for five years. At the time of his ad mission he was in the employ of Mrs. Jones,: ihd was engaged at her farm at the Old Anti mony Creek. He was holdihg it horse when it gave a playful jerk on one side, and threw him down, dislocating his shoulder and also fracturing, the hone. Deceased was an old Trafalgar man under Kelson, and was one of the crew of the Culloden engaged in the memo- able battle. TheM'Jvor y/m essays: — "He had been sixty years in the colonies, between here and Van Diemen's Land. During his stay in the hospital, on account of his good nature and lerving in the battle as stated, ho made many friends, who contributed to liis comfort, the old man, who was very cheerful, being thank ful for the kindness shown him. Ho was very fond of reading, and indulged in this pas time up till a few days before his death, within eight months of which lie was able to walk about. He succumbed at length to old age, retaining the use of his faculties to the last." A very largo and influential deputation waited on the Cliiof Secretary of South Aus tralia on Tuesday morning, says the S. A. Ailmliser, ' for the purpose ' of protesting against the new ocean mail service time table, by ivhich the steamers aro to leave Glenelg on Sundays, and to strengthen the hands of tile Government in the action they had taken in the matter. It was urged that in the interests' of the community it was de- airable that Sunday should be preserved as a day of rest, whioh it was impossible it could bo for a largo section of the public if the mail steameis were to call at and leave Glenelg on that day. Nearly fifty gentlomen were pro- lent, representing several Christian' denomina tions, the mercantile community and many who, on other than solely religious grounds, objected to tlio suggested encroachment on the day pi rest, The. Chief Secretary, in replying, erpluincd what lie had done when In Victoria, and stated that ho was as itron»ly against working on Sunday as anyone. Mr. Berry informed hhri he would do all he could to after this arrangement, but it was an arrangement which, had been made by the authorities at liuiuo to meet the mails from India and China. The deputation would sco that with suoli a complicated service some per- Ions must be put to inconvenienoe. Mr. Berry laid -Mr. Patterson would consider the question and forward a written reply. He (Mr. Morgan) then went and saw Mr. Kendall, the P. & O. Company's agent, and put the matter to him on vrouuds which usually he- drnorc influeneeinBueh matters, viz., financial grounds. Mr. Ken dall promised to do all he could to alter tlio lystem. Mr. Pattorson wrote that in view of the objection raised, a cuminunication was lotnc time since sent by Air. Kendall to the London directors of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, inquiring as to tlio possi bility of overcoming this difficulty, and a tele gram has now beeu forwarded asking for a reply at the earliest opportunity. If the P. and 0. Company could not make an altera tion the South Austmlian Government would remonstrate with the Home Govern ment. It was not for him to say what action they would take if tiiis failed, but at least ho might say that they were not depen dent on the P. and O.' Company or the Victo rian Government. No one could feel more strongly than he did the inadvisability of de- ipotching mails on Sundays, and lie would pro mise that steps should be taken to sift this matter to the bottom ; and if they could not make an arrangement with the P. and O. Com pany or tlio Victorian Government they would lake other steps. The harvesting machine trial for the £4000 bonus offered by the South Australian Govern ment has existed much interest. The trial was concluded on Wednesday, and the decision of the judges was given yesterday. None of the competing machines are considered to de serve the award of the bonus, but a recom mendation is made that tliroe or four of the machines should receive prizes of Irom £100 downwards. Amongst the ma- :hines thus commended is that of Mr. George Phillipspn, jun., of Wangaratta. The Rain passes into the machine the same as in the ordinary strippers, After passing through the beaters it falls on to an apron, which ele vates it to the top of the machine, and whilst it is beiag carried up it is noted upon by "the wind from the front fan, which blows a por tion of the chaff out of the chimney at the top of the machine. Tho grain and straw then lall on to a rough carrier, which carries away ill the rough straw and discharges it at the back ; the grain then falls through a hopper on Urn. riddles, and whilst falling. -is acted on by. the wind from the second fan, leaving nothing but white heads and drqko to he taken cut of the wheat, which is effected by the riddles, the white heads passing out on the off side into a set of elevators which con vey them back to the heaters to he re-beaten. The clean wheat passes out in the near side nto a set of elevators, and is then elevated, and discharged into bags wbicli stand on a platform on the near side of the machine ; the duke falls from the riddles into a box placed to receive it. The bagB when full jjto eewa up and tipped on to the ground. ' ,">e machine only requires two men to work it, thereby doing away with the winnowing machine and tho man to work it. The in ventor claims that no stoppages are neccs- -7 to empty' the "machine, and the same number of horses as in the ordinary stripper WO enabled to, do the work. Thequestiouof the border duties between oouth Australia and Victoria was referred to by a deputation which waited on the Treasurer J" Monday last, says the ;S'. A. Advertiser. Die Treasurer stated that the only reason why the duties were still being collected on the South Australian side was that it Was hoped that this might be an assistance In the. settlement of the question -of the disputed boundary between this colony and Viotoria. The border duties question but for this Would have been decided a year ago with a vi?y; of making an arrangement with Vic toria like that entered into between this colony and New South Wales with regard to the Murray trade. ' The herder duties col lected by South Australia were bo insignificant in amount that the Treasurer said he proposed to abolish them altogether. He remarked that the trouble and cost qf colleoting them were wore than they were worth. - So far as Vic toria was concerned, however, her protective. Pohcy of course would not. allow of such au arrangement being concluded on' her part ; but "e proposed "establishing shortly ajgfstemot pwmits in order to ascertain the bouudagf the ei which would enable the Government to decide as to what should be the lump tram to impn'ix be paid, annually. The whole question would shortly he brought before the Cabinet.' Air. L'Estrnnge, the aeronaut, whose sue- cessful ascent a few weeks ago excited con siderable interest, will this afternoon make n captive balloon ascent nt the Agricultural Society's ground, St. Hilda-road. Tho attrac tion is olio which will probably draw a largo number of spectators from its comparative novelty here. The People's Concerts will be continued this ovening in tho Temperance Hall, Russell- street, when, in addition to: the ubuoI vocal items, Voltaire, tho ventriloquist, will appear in his specialties, ' including the double talkiug hands. The steamer Golden Crown leaves tho pier at Sandridgo, to-day, at 10 a.m., forQueenscliffnnd Sorrento. A good band accompanies the steamer. Tho anniversary services of tho Baptist oau- bath School will be held to-morrow and Tuesday, when tliO Revs. Haley, Porter and Hiddleston will officiate. ' _ We have received tiom H. N. P., Spencer- street, £8 8s., to be distributed os under The inmates Benevolent Asylum, £1 Is.; Bye and .Ear Hospital, £fi 2s: ; Immigrants' Home in mates, £1 ls. : Children's Hospital, Carlton, £2 2s. : Blind Asylum, £2 2s. We have received from Air. J. W. Lindt, photographer, Collins-street, an excellent like ness of Mr. and Airs. Boldt and child, _ of the German vessel Atoorburg. We may remind our readers that a movement is now on foot to present Airs. Boldt with a testimonial in recognition of her heroic conduct on the voyage from China to this port. Subscriptions will bo received by the German consul and other members of the committee. Tho quarterly meeting of the Victoria Lodge G.tJ.O.O.F. was held, on -Tuesday. Tho lodge agreed to reduce their surgeon's visiting bonndary from four miles to three and a half miles from tho Melbourne Post Office. The following wore tho elected to fill the respective offices for the next three months Bro. H. Harratt, past president ; Bro. G. Gould, president (re-oloctod) ; Bro. A. Alair, vice-president (re-elected) ; Bro. R; J. Press, financial secretary (rc-olectod) ; Bros. J. Atuir aud C. N. Press, visiting stewards ; Bros. A. Tint and J. Donald, auditors. Appointed from the lodge roll : — Bio. J. AI. Smith, I.S.G. ; Bro. B. Morrison, warden ; Bro. 15. E. Bergcr, R.S.toN.G.; Bro. AT." Anderson, L.S. do.;K.S. to yico G. Bro. .T. Brennan L.S. do., Bro. G. G. Knight ; Bro. II. Tunnacliuo, O.S.G. The trea surer, Bro. D. Alarwick, mid secretary, Bro. R. 15\. West hold office during tho pleasure of the lodge. The election of u brother to represent tho lodge at tho general meoting of the order at Sale on 9th-Maroli was postponed until 20th January. - 