THE Sydney International Exhibition was opened on Wednesday with vaiy great ceremony, no 1ms than four colonial Governors being present; to lend dignity to the occasion. It is a trite saying that troth is stranger than fiction ; and it is equally trne, although less o£ a commonplace, that history excels romance. : No more striking proof of this could be adduced than the fact that each an event as that of Wednesday actually occurred. The circumstances of time-and place Are quite unprecedented in the annate of civilised mankind. Nothing at all parallel with it was ever known before. Even in the United States of America, where human progress has lieen almost incredibly rapid, there has been nothing to match with the Sydney Exhibition. For it is fair to say that New. South Wales is a. country scarcely yet out of its teens. Troe, upwards of ninety years have elapsed t since the first British- settlement in Australia -was established on the shores of Fort Jackson; but nearly seventy years passed away before the new country really entered on its career as an independent British province. It is less than thirty years ago since Itrwas granted its political freedom; and without political freedom no country: .has any history atalL - No .French - colony, not even the oldest, has any history to record, The Spanish colonies in South America and the Philippine Islands are three centuries old, and their entire annals for that period consist, of a list of their successive governors. The. Dutch have held the Spice Islands to the north of this continent for more than two centuries, and the the only story they have to tell us of their long occupation is given in the statistical table of their yearly profits from those rich possessions. Not much prospect is there of an international exhibition being field at Batavia or at Manilla ibr some cen turies to come. Equally blank would have been the prospect of such qn event occurring at Sydney during the present century if Ngw South Wales had not achieved its political indejiendence. With, freedom more can be accomplished in a decade than in many centuries without it. This is the first reflection suggested by reading the report of the proceedings in the capital of the sister colony the other day: It 1s a reflection which takes precedence of all others. New South Wales may be a wealthy colony •—Sydney may be a splendid city -, the exports and imports shown in its yearly customs retainsmay be even amazingly large; there may - be mountains of wool-bales going outwards, and tons of gold shipped annually { the population -of the colony might be ten times what it is at present; and its Grand Exhibition might be ifty times more imposing. Tet all this would •not be oFtfte least avwl, would be trivial and unimportant, if New South Wales Were' not a bee and independent British colony. That single factor iu the case, that one circumstance, outweighs all the others, .fifty' times loldl Popular freedom it is, we repeat, that gives the entire value to national progress and national achievement. Omit this element, and all the boasting, all the jubilation indulged an,.and: .allowably indulged in, crer the gran£ event of Wednesday WoSld Le Lot ine Msome ^elf- Hattery of slaves and parasites. A free and selfdependent citizen in homespun grey, and earning his duly bread by daily toil, is as a long to a beggar compared with a political serf, or vulgar " flunkey," shining in . all tlie tinselsplendor of the Windsor uniform, with ; its frippeiy of gold face, silk stockings, wid: breeches,buttoned at the knees. The; preseuoe of the four Governors at the grand .opening was : a circumstance to be noted, therefore, only in so far as it sigiialisedthe existence of four free colonies in Australia. Fitly enough was the Governor' *jf Western Australia absent. But both 'Queensland and New Zealand ought to have[ .been..represented at this., superb f festival of peace " . Six free dependencies, fat all events—six ypuhg nations—can Great Britun boast the possession of in this part of tlie world. A seventh she ought to have, and iwtraU* have£ if the spirit <of freedom were as vigorous in the breasts of the Australian people as one day it Will tel ' Wje"confess . that, SxjmLom^^-fmJaa finable to ..dfrgwt the event thatihia jut occurred ^a 5ydney of these associations. To speak of itln terma^Of / »apiB Wonder aatfiiklight i 'o ^^to eatanurom it '** jvoof and —^—fpt^ptibsodid exultation. Multiply the Exhibition and all it contains by ten, and what do yon get, after all, but a row of figures? What difference is there, in relation to all that is of real value in human life, between sum. of £500,000 and a sum of £5,<H>0~000, excepting the additional cipher? No person ever thought of asking how muchGEOEGE WASHINGTON was worth in money. No one cares to know: whether the American people's exports were large or small in the year they won their political emancipation. Miles of well-filled xxrarts, acres of buildings trammed with all' the merchandise of the world, are worthless if the one essential of a free population be wanting. And of similarly small value is the question of the particular fiscal system ruling in the country which gets up the Grand International Exhibition. Freedom and industry: these are the sole factors worth counting in the case. And as Victoria posseBes both these in a higher degree than any other of the Australian colonies, Victoria—as the Marquis of NOBMAKBY well said at the banquet in Sydney on Wednesday evening—is bonnd to beat even New South Wales in her Grand International Exhibition. ' IN view of the remarks made by Mr B. CLABK and the Premier, in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday evening, it is desirable that no mistake should arise as to the position which the LiberaT party take up on-the-, subject of immigration. To assisted immigration by the State there ie the most; positive objection, because it is felt that it would be unfair to bring outsiders to this colony, at the general expense, to compete with our own labor, and thus-to bring down wages $ and because the rollof pauperism would assuredly, be. greatly, extended if any system of this kind were followed. The people (are not trans cendently clever enough. to see, as some allege, that sa influx of outside-labor, would benefit rather than injure the working classes amongst us. They take a very practical view of questions of this sort; and we do not hesitate to say that we cordially sympathise with their COB Fictions. They Bee all our enterprises overcrowded with labor as it is. They find the unemployed question a problem to B'olve; a difficulty t, - to overcome; and they cannot for the life of them understand how the condition of the feopleallroundcouldbeimprovedbythennmber of unemployed persons being augmented. Certain results the people are satisfied would follow from immigration being-carried on at the expense of the State. The labor market would soon be so overcrowded as to bring down wages by the excessive competition that would prevail; and the benevolent asylums would be vigorously assailed for aid by the increased number of persons that would then be out of employment. Journals and people in favor-of assisted immigration contend that the more outsiders are brought here, the more prosperity would fall upon the community. But the people generally do hot "appreciate this free-andeasy style of argument. It docs not appeal to their reason in any way; and, therefore, they incontinently reject it. The Liberal party, therefore, object to assisted immigration by the State ; and it is difficult to see, by any process of logic as applied to hard facts, how this objection can be refuted. But the Liberal party .do not object to people with means being invited to settle down here. On the contrary, the -more people of this sort come, the better the Liberal party will like it. This kind of im migration does not mean an outlay from the common fund to provoke, or rather enlarge, competition in our own labor market. It simply means the arrival of certain persons who are able to strike out fresh channels for the employment of labor and the Liberal party are prepared to give new arrivals of this land-a very hearty welcome. There is plenty of room for such men here—men who - have capital to-give effect.to their enterpoeingspirit and skill— and, the more of such persons we can get amongst us, the greater undoubtedly will be the general progress. If,'/then, Mr BEBBY can do anything to induce the fanners, who sre preparing to leave England with means for some other country, to come this way, he will be doing a good thing for tilts colony. He will also be in strict sympathy with the Liberal party, because he will be taking a step towards providing employment for men who are now out of work; and this is just what the Liberal party want provided in abundance. But the liberal party fiave no -sympathy with men without a farthing ii their pockets being brought here at the Government expense. They do not belie re in anything of thlsisort, because It would- mean a wrong done to our ..working classes without any tangible benefit accruing to the new. arrivals. The position of this question is, therefore, very clear. We want as many immigrants with capital aB we can get, tiiid none without, i unless they come -at jtheir o wn cost; in which case, of t» dree, no one has any right to interfere with them. These are the views of the Liberal party ; and from them there can be no departure. ; ~ Hie Mining Fsrospecting Board of 'Victoria sat at the City Police Court" jeiterday. Some little delay arose at starting a miatake having arisen as to where it was to be held, and the County Court-house was first attended, but the sheriff -did oot gr»nt-*heiise -of-it,-so. the board finally 4at at the- Police Court. The chairman, Major Conchmanf«ecretaiyioriIineaJ, and Messrs A. W. Howitt, F.G.S. (Sale), Henry Kosales (Walbslla), B. H. Bland (Clones), and K. U. Serjeant (Ballarat), who comprise the board, were ell present. There was a very good attendance of gentlemen practically acquainted with mining, and particularly paining in this district; the dtp, Ballarat East,' Sebastopol, Boninyong. Smythesdale, sind fladdpo, being all represented. . The fintquestion considered was the proposed drainage ot the Sebas- : topot plateau, which mas spoken upon by a num ber of witnesses, occupying Indeed, the attention" of the board for oeariy the whole day. Two -proposed methods ofdrainnig the plateau, *iz, by»n adit put in from below BoniByobg^ and by large pmnping plants,, had each supporters, and, concsrning the Idtter, Mr J, M. M*in gars .evidence In ie&tHo; *B off® badefo (he Gorernment by • company of gentlemen w31ing to undertake^ the drainage ot the -4oatheai, ' or Sebastopol; portion of the plateau, by pumping engines, on receiving certain mining and territorial privileges. He idit plan was &ls0; strongly snpported, and the evidence in its favor, with a report of the whole proceedings, will be found in another colamn. After tl;e drainage scheme had been folly discussed, the question of the direction of the deep leads- upon, and the balance of the evidence talma jt&ereon; was in favor Of the theory 'that tho western deep leads ran out from the .City of Ballarat ground towardsBur rambeet.' The quartz reefs were also spoken of, and som£jgit!ing&e; ieUevedihat Ihere.Juemany^ reefs lathe district that will richly repay prospecting and working. .Sev^nl appticaliDns were m*3e~ to the board -for subsidies -for - piuued companies from; the • prospecting grant, bat: the chairman saying the board had no power to deal with them, directed the applicants toforward their claims in writing to the Mining Department.. After a sitting of six hours' duration, the investigations of the board, which were of a very ihorongh and exhaustive character,.dosed. ~3Iie board sits to day atStawdtr It teems the 20,000,000 wSlwiy jtidrels which jyrit"*) frr^n -KnfriJTtapartmrat rtio rsrfri-- !n T ilJi *rH niwr ^ing done m the Govoiunnt printing office. The committee of ths Ballaiat Yacht"'Club met A sr ^ T T T x E the occasion for another week, when the dob's fleet would not only be ready, but the rowing clubs would also be prepared to join in the procession. After some discussion, it was resolved, on the • motion, of Mr Mann, seconded by., Air CaaeHi—" That the opening day be pmtponeS till Saturday, , the 27th instant, on which day ithe procea&m; start at three pjn." It was also resolved " that a sweepstakes match be sailed on Saturday-tiezt, the 20th instant." Some routine business having been transacted, the secretary was instructed to call the sailing committee together on Saturday afternoon next, in order to see to the fixing of the booys and arranging other matters in preparation for the season. At the Sebastopol Council meeting last night, Councilor Ledrie drew-atteution to the destruc- ' tion of footbridges in the borough. The town clerk stated that more than twenty of these bridges had been pnlled np within the last three weeks. He added that the larrikins had perfect possession of the borongh bow. A complaint will probably be made to head-quarters of the inefficiency of polios protection. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—"Our local bowling green is now being pot in order for the ensuing season, and it never presented such a thick sole of grass as it does at the present time. The want of water, however, will seriously tell upon it before the season is very far advanced, as owing to the shallowness of the lake, the club's windmill pump will be absolutely worthless for watering purposes, as it now standB high and dry some 150 yards from the margin of the water. Th supply from nature, therefore, is all that can be depended upon. The annual meeting of the club is to be held on Monday first,at the shire hall, at three p-m^ for the election of president and other officers for the ensning year." A meeting of persona desirous of forming a branch of the Education Defence League in Ballarat East will be held in the Barklv street Wesleyan lectore-hall,. nealy opposite the Public Library, next Moaday evening. Members of Parliament and other gentlemen will address the meeting. At the City Police Conrt yesterday, Mayor Morrison "and Mr Claxtoa, J.P., presided, and dealt with two drunkards. Michael Dwyer was fined 10a and Is 63 costs for travelling by mil a farther distance than his ticket entitled him to do, and refusing to pay the extra fare. Mr F. Cowderoy, who has' lately heen promoted from the Ballarat West railway station to the charge of the Geelong goods-sheds, will be entertained hy hislate fellow-employes at A banquet on Saturday evening, at Irwin's Provincial hotel, on which occasion it is intended to present him with a handsome illuminated address, expressive of the esteem in which he is held. Notwithstanding the indemency of the weather, between thirty -and forty members of the Barkly Street Mutual Improvement.Association were present at the usual weekly meeting , held on Tuesday last. Mr Nettle, vice-president, occupied the chair. Five nominations for memWrship were rt> cdved. It was dedded to form an elocution class in connection with the association. An essay prepared by Mr Edwards was-read, the subject bdng " Intemperance." The essayist sketched in telling language the antiquity, enormity,-evQ, and degradation which were connected with drink, and also the remedies which might be ef avail in stemming the torrent of iniquity which the immoderate use of intoxicating liquors produced. Excellent criticisms were proffered by Messrs Fletcher, Phillips, Bryant, M'Connell, Woolcoci, White, M'Gregor (2), Bell, Bntson, Broini, Purves, Gilbert, and Glenny, who all expressed regret at a habit which produced so modi crime and misery. A vote of thanks was -accorded to Mr Edwards, for his exce lent essay. The chairman thai dosed the meeting by pronouncing the benediction. A:meeting of the members of the north ward branch of the National Reform League win be held at Gill's hotel, Wendonree, this evening, at eight o'clock. Intending members are requested to he present. The Phoenix Dramatic Clob, since their last production of ".Bob Boy," have had a season of inactivity, bat they are about to commence rehearsing a temperance drama, entitled " The Drunkard's Warning." As it abounds in moral and sensational incidents, it is likdy to be their best production. It will be produced on the evening of the forthcoming Bhow. A meeting of the United Protestant Association will be held in the Baptist schoolroom, Dawson street, this evening, at eight o'dock, to consider rules, and transact other business. Our local scenic artist, Mr C. Abbott, is at present .engaged on a couple of scenes for Mr Jonas' ghost Bhow. both of which 'are exceedingly meritorious. The firstrepresents the interior of "a cathedral of purely Gothic design, the shading and perspective in which is admirably done. The second picture represents a forest scene, the foreground bdng a deep glade covered with the umbrageous foliage of large trees. Mr Jonas intends te open his show in New- Zealand,, whither he will proceed in a few days. It;is intended to prosecute Lowe, one of the Lancefield bank robbers,-for the outrage he committed on his Italian mate, some time before his escapade at Lancefidd, and he will be bronghtup at the Sandhurst Ppln» Court next Monday for this ^t'mpoie. The committee of the Oornish JBdief-fond will meet at the Mechanics' Institute this evening at half-ipast seven, when all members are requested to be present. - Sam Sliet ol this week contains a number o amusing illustrations, and a good collection of read ing matter. Some of the pictures are racy, without being in the least offensive. This periodical improves steadily, and deserves to be wdl sup ported by the public. : The Minister of Bailways invites tenders this morning for the .supply of engines, boilers, pomps and tanks.' Particulars will be found in outadvertising colomns.. . .... Our advertising columns this morning announce that iMr J. L. Hall, with the foil Byronic comedy company, from-the Academy of Music, Melbourne, will appear at the local Ackdemy of Music, for six nights only, commencing -tb-morrow -evening, -in Byron's renowned comedy, entitled," Our Girls," in which Mr Hal^jrill appear as Captain Gingah, "as played by him for eighty nights in Mdboume. Some of the company, with a quantity of the sceni effects, arrived yesterday, as it is intended toproduce the comedies in die same manner as in Mdbouriie. It is sometime since so-talented a comedy company appeared here,' and' ire anticipate a thoroughly successful season, especially as' the prices of admission are .very reasonable. Particulars respecting box-office, tickets, will he found dsewhere. A meeting of coachbuilders' employes "wffl take place at the Buck's Head hotel this evening, at eight o'dock. " In consequence of the Academy of Mode being otherwise engaged on Saturday evening, the "skating rink will be opened this evening, when, as usual, there will be a band in attendance. A concert will take plsce this'evening in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Neil street. Particulars -w31 be found in outadvertising cdumna. , *The Yen. Archdeacon: Potter will lecture this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, on his travels in the old country, and there is little doubt that hi narrative .will be most interesting. The Bishop of Ballarat will preside, and selections of music are -to be renderedat intervals by some of our most popular amateur vocalists, assisted by the Christ .Church <3ioir. A meeting of the Town and City Minstrels was held last evening, and, amongst other general bnsiness, it was resdved -to rail a rehearsal Tor -Tuesday evening next, at tha Now Egiinton hotel; at which all members are requested to attend. ,. We have received a copy of : the Sl Patricks CoUcge GazetU, which is conducted by the m bers off the College Debating Association. The reading-matter of this numberis folly up to the •tandard of previous issues, and has' been intdligently and carefully written. The agent is Mr Carey, tootodler,of Sturt street ! ' A telegHun in the Age says:—" The prospecting board sat at Maryborough on Wednesday, and received suggestions regarding the best means of developing the mining resonrces of the district from mine pianagera and other experienced persona. It was.recommended that the Government shouldsnbridin drainage companies, who would be required t erect (powerful pumping machinery for draining deep Wet leads, the outlay to he refunded by a per centage on the gold obtained. It was also urged -that much larger areas should be granted to companies for mining purposes;; He .board pointed jojitthat the want of a mining on .private property act wpold be felt greatly it the drainage scheme as suggested were carried ;oot. Property-owners -would enlarge their demands, knowing that companies were recaving State asiistance. The general-opinion was expressed that s mining on private property act would soon be absdutdy necessary, as all the deep leads have beat carried into private property; or treading towards it.''- It was t&daig.;' r gested Uiat fteGowjuiiteiit" should fidin prospecting fqrdeep qusrtzloda lay ineips of drins."r '. / •' It appears (saye the Argusy, from information' recentiycUbmitted to the South Australian fa * "7 Mr G. W, Goyder, the ninngr^mr nlr . . ,— the wiAt^tabt^ destnictioh is bdiig procebded to^ Ae tnoA e^ditions*uqintcjeatfolmann&'Twd4y-twb TMh oe^befepredfi^ffle, iptflvoinen and «wohoys; m how eimlqyed, and tbar been ao effectual that Hr-Goyder Tcnorta-thal;' ff Wherethoasands of rahbiU were.-nnbU^priortoGoveronsat aaxticwl bdcglemplayBd; batfew are ieenSrow.**' AJIL •it meMwtiavebMi^sed f6r«edotrit(£oa'i6f rabbits, vis, Usulphide of carbon intiw bmtdw% ! gnns, dogs, waddiM, nets, traps, 4c, outside. The Sostof each party is estimated at £61 9s lOd per month, and the actual expenditure daring the last ten months has been about £9100. An additional £10,000 has been placed upon the estimates for 1879-60. - No stone (says the Geelong Advertiser) is b left unturned by the committee mencf the Drywale and Curiewis branches of the Catholic Education Union, to urge on the attention of the Cathobc dectors the necessity for concerted action in getting the Education Act altered. A dose cknvass of the Barwon electorate is being made, and a large number of the electors have already bound themsdves to vote only for those candidates who are favorable to the Boman Catholic claims. Several" meetings"have recently been'"1idd at Curiewis and Drysdale, at which the Rev. W. M. Finn has presided, and the reverend gentleman has taken particular care to inform bis hearers that the agitation of the Catholic party is in no way in opposition to the Berry Government. A case affecting the interests of stock and station agents was on Wednesday (says the Age) dedded in the County Court, in which Messrs H. Mackinnon and Co., of Queen street, sought to recover from Messrs Elliot, Fesbery, and Botherford the sum of £100, half-commission on the sal of a station called the Warri station. It appears , that Messrs Mackinnon and Co. introduced to Messrs Elliott and Co. a Mr M'Mfllan, who subsequently bought the station, and in consequence of such an introduction, he daimed, by virtue of a e custom among stock and station agents, one-half of the commission. This Messrs Elliott and Co. disputed, but the learned judge dedded in favor o Metsre Mackinnon and Co., and gave a verdictfor the amount with costs. The really curious part (says " Atticus," in the Leader) of the case of EllenTremaye, the man i lersonator at Sandhurst is, not that she soccessully kept np the fictitiouscharacter she assumed for many years, bat that she waB the pseudo husband of three wives, one of whom gave " a hostage to fortune" in the shape of a bouncing baby. Medical: evidence- goes to show tfcat there jj no doabt aboot Ellen Tremaye bdng a veritable daughter of Eve, and hence the difficulty of exjlumng the physiolojpcal- puzzle just mentioned. It has been hinted to me that perhaps a farther mystery has to be unravelled. The sex of the man-impersonator's -wife; who contributed to the increase, of our population, has-not as'yet been substantiated. As Elldi Tremaye personated a ! man, perhaps the presumed mother of the child may 3iave been eqnaUyjsacQessfal inooncealiug his sex. Given that the wife was really the husband, i becomes plain that the so-called husband was the wife,- and the problem is solved. Before any specu lative theories are indulged in as to the mysterious baby, it would be just ,as well to. make sore whether the soi-disajtie wife was really a woma The Hobart Town Mehxry states that Mr A. Packer is now in <»mmnnication with the leading musicians of the Australian colonies, with the <view of arranging for holding a Grand Intercolonial Musical Festival at Hebart Town daring the ensuing summer season. The following appeared in yesterday's Age: Mr Win. M'Cnlloch has sustained.another severe IOSB In his valuaUe herd, his recentlyimported shorthorn bull, Grand Duke of Oxford, having heen found dead on the morning of the 14th instant, a the quarantine ground. In addition to this some of the most valuable cows and heifers of the herd are also suffering-from an internal affection, accompanied by stiffness of the joints, so that the owner is in daily expectation of sustaining still farther losses among the high pedigreed animals introduced by him to Victoria under very heavy l-expenses. Two lately imported animals belonging to the Messn_Bobertson are also ill. ./Before the erection of the present elaborate buildingB we deprecated the choice made by Mr Curr d of' the unsuitable site for "quarantine purposes,. . and among other . matters, alluded to that of the objectionable character of the drinking water. It. now turns oat that this is the chief cause of the deaths and illnesses that have occurred. From an analysis made by Mr Maclvor of the water used, and which has to be obtained from a'well on the quarantine ground dose to the beach, it is found that the deaths have resulted from internal disorganisation, brought about by the prater in qnestion being- impregnated to an extraordinary degTee with carbonate of lime. Had the advice we tendered at .first been followed, and the site in tite S»|dridge fiend, originally recommended by the Boyal'Commission, adopted by the chief inspector of -stock, the country would have been saved the heavy and wasteful expenditure connected with the present objectionable quarantine arrangements, while the heavy losses of individual importers of stock would have been prevented. -Mr M'Cnlloch, we understand, intends to proceed against the Stock department for the amopnt of his losses." j ~ The subjoined telegramfrom Sydney appeared in yesterday's Argus:—"The flood-watersare r ported to have broken into the old workings of the Co-operative Colliery, at. Plattsborg, and flooded the mine to such an extent as to throw the colliery Idle for a month. A Braidwood telegram reports Jloeds everywhere. The water has damaged the bridge, and all chums at Avlnpn are flooded. Great distress exists there. The largest floodever known has - occurred in the WarjpiaHe Hirer. The Bathurst Biver burst over its: banks on Toesday bight,; and the :flats fat miles -.are submerged {ending carried away, and' gardens aid houses are under-water. An enormous quantily tofsoil has been swept away, several families bardy eseaping, f leavingeverythingbebind them. - Tleriverisnow - falling. There are fears of another floodat West Mnitlnnd. A heavy flood occurred at Bega on Tuesday, bat is now subsiding. No serious damage was occasioned." A public meeting of the inhabitants of Langley and Barfold was held in-the Langley State school on Wednesday evening last In defence of the Education Act. Mr" W. Perry, head tpsrher of the Back Creek State school (says the Age), moved the first resolution—" That this .meeting is of; opinion that the.present free, secular, and compulsory-system of- edacationt>f this colony meets ~the requirements of a mixed oommunity, and- that any interference with its. working shall be regarded with, distrust and snspidon." "Mr Bell seconded the resolution, whidi was unanimously carried, Mr Edward Metcalfe moved the next • resolution—"That this meeting looks upon the movement of any denomination for a separate grant for c the support el its schooU as unreasonable and mis chievous, and deserving our strongest opposition." This was seconded by Mr T. Manley and carried. Mr Richard Metcalfe moved—" T%at H«t« meeting, in vie w of a general election, pledges itadf to rejec any candidate who 'wiU 'not support the - preserit Education Act?';Mr Alex. M ; K3ght aeoouT itepolntion, : whi(ih waa alaO Tigreed to. Mr W. Mitdiell moved—" That Una meetiiqE unreservedly state" that if • .ministers of religion would eschew politics, and devote more of their time to the religious instrnction of the young, it would be productive of more peaoe, fori, and Christian concord than we now enjoy." Mr Alexander Drummond seconded this resolution, which was carried nan- di Copies" of tfie reeolutitfns iave been forwarded to the Hinister of Education. .•" -35gles," in the Australaaan, writes:— Jennings and Johnston's ' Bookof Parliamentary Anecdote^ it is tdd'(from John' O'Connor's ' Becollections') how Mr Lalor, M.P. for Queen'a s County, ,once snatdied the occasion for « mBd joke. -UrPease;4he Quaker member for Darlington (George Stephenson's bimd), and Mr Bainea, member for Leeds, -entering the House "of Commons together, 1 Ohi* aaii Mr Lalor, in the broad dialect-of hh country, " we are weH off how, for here we have Baas and Baans at the same tune.' That ^humorist was tbeiather-of oar present Commissioner of Customs." 