THE CRY OE THE WRETCHED. Fob hours along tho.orowded stroet, With aimless steps I'vo trod, Without a homo or hope in lifo, With scarce a hopo in God. This cruel night is fitting oloso To suoh a crushing day ; Tho earth is, oh ! so dreary cold ! And heaven so far away. Tho friendless rouso no anxious thoughts, Tho busy throng sweeps on ; I'vo stayed beyond tho city's lights, Tho twilight's grey has gone ; My useless arms havo failed to win A orust, a placo to stay ; Earth has no work, no room for mo, And hoavon is far away. 0 great, wide world ! O frowning sky ! So oheerless and so vast, 1 daro your keen and cutting sleet, Your piercing, bitter blast ; Rage, howl, and lash this living spark From out tho tortured clay, That feels existence dark, all dark, And heaven so far away. How dull and blaok besido my fest Tho sluggish rivor rolls ; It beokous as a demon might To luro unhappy souls. Its slimy voico is whisporing, Hero rest in peace for aye ; O God ! tho rivor is so near, And hoavon bo far away. Do the Dying Sbiteb Pain?— Pooplo do not liko to think of death. It is an unpleas ant subjeot ; but it constantly obtrudes it solf, and thoro has beon muoh speculation as to whether mental or physical pain attends tho final aot. Observation teaohos us that thoro is little pain of either land in dying. Experionoo will como to us all ono of thoso . days, but it will como too late to benofit those who remain. It seems to bo a kind provision of nature that, as wo approaoh tho dread ovont, our terrors diminish, and tho coward and tlio horo die alike — foarless, indifferent, or resigned. As to physical pain, Dr. Edward H. Clark, in 'Visions,' says:— 'Tho rule is that unoonsoiousness, not' pain, attends the- final To the snbjsot of it death is no more painful than birth. Pajylsssly w.e «omo ; whence^ wo know not. Painlossly go; whithorwo know not. . Na- - ture kindlyl providoB an antesthetio [for tho body whon iho spirit loavos it. Previous to that momont, and iu preparation for it, respiration beoomes feoblo, gonorally slow and short, often accomplished by long in spiration and short, sudden oxpirations, so that tho blood is stoadily less and less oxy genated. At tho samo timo tho heart acts with corresponding dobility, producing a Blow, feeble, and often irregular pidso. As this process goeB on, tlio blood ia not only driven to tho head with diminished forco, and in loss quantity, but what flows thero is loadod moro and more with oarbonio acid gas, a powerful aniestliotic, tho samo as that derived from charcoal. Subject to its in fluence tho norvo centres loso consciousness and sonsibility, apparent sleep creeps over the system ; thon comes stupor, and then tho end.' How Did St. PaoIi Look.— A ourious discussion between M, Renan and M. M6z ifsrea concerning the personal appearance of St. Paul has followed the publio reception of M. Renan into the Frenoh Academy. M. Renan has desoribed St. Paul as a bald man, of short stature, aquiline nose, meet ing eyebrows, pale face, Email head, pierc ing eyes, thick beard, prominent shoulders, and bow legs. Challenged to explain whence he derives all these remarkable details of St. Paul's personal appearance, he has oited the 'Acts of Thekla' as his authority for tbe aquiline nose, the bald ness, the meeting eyebrows, the small stature, and the bow legs — and the eccle siastical history of Nicephrus for the small head, the piering eyes, the pale face, the thick beard, and the prominent shoul ders. As M. Renan would certainly not accept either of these very unhistorioal authorities as his warrant for any statement intrinsically improbable, we wonder why he so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically improbable. An apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will be quite as ready to invent their circum stantial framework. Would anyone in his senses go to Defoe's ' Apparition of Mrs. veaia miu me view oi discovering not what Mrs. Veale's ghost was like — being rationalistic enough to reject the ghost nsa fib' of Defoe — but what Mrs. Vealc herself was like, where she had lived, and what where her circumstances ? The ways of imaginative rationalists are certainly won derful, and their affirmations often stranger than their denials. — The Spectator. The name of a New Hampshire school is May I Cough. It is muoh more common to hear sohool- teaohers addressed as May I Gwout. — dlta Californian. 