Robert Wreford's Daughter. BY EMMA JANE "WOSBOIAH. CHAPTER XII.-(CONTINUED.) Anne felt quite grateful for thia speech. Some instinct told her that Mr. Rutland's opinion of her was the reverse of favourable ; and she could not be surprised, knowing what a fright she looked, and how stupid she must appear, answering in monosyllables, and with a splutter that exasperated her as she involuntarily made it. For the first timo since their meeting, Mr. Rutland regarded her kindly. Anne had not liked him at first, but now she thought, " What a sweet smile he has ! And he looks as if he meant all he [said, and as if he were all he seemed to be." Anne, of course, did not know it, but she was a born physiognomist, and she was gifted with that inexplicable perception of things, which is sometiinas called intuition, and souitimes the " sixth sense j" that mysterious sense which they who have it not cannot comprehend any more than a blind man can comprehend the mystery of colour, or of a deaf mau the joy of perfect har mony, and, failing comprehension, are more than sceptical of its existence. They were soon out of the harbour, on the grey, rolling waves, steaming away, under a grey sky, from grey cliffs, towards a still greyer horizon. The gentlemen muffled themselves up as well as they could, and Anne put on an extra shawl, and seated herself on the lee side of the vessel, which was towards France, while at "the same time she watched the space widen between her and the shores of her own dear land. Keen as was tho breeze, it relieved her head and cooled her burn ing face, and she determined not to go below if she could help it. Meanwhile, Robert himself began to look miserable ; he turned pale, shud dered, experienced a wretched sense of nausea, and complained of intolerable pains in his inner man, and every minute the sea grew rougher, and the steamer began to pitch and toss and roll and lurch, and play every gambol that a steamer, thwarted by wind and wave, can play. " You are going to be ill ; you had better go downstairs," said Mr. Rutland, seeing Ids friend's gastly face. " I am afraid I am. I do feel rather qualmish," returned Mr. Wreford, woefully. " Don't you feel queer ?" "Not in the least ; I am never sea-sick-never was. I always enjoy a run across, however bad. the passage. It's a splendid sea, is it not ? I see breakers ahead ! We shall have a fine toss in about half an hour, especially if the wind sets dead against us, os I quite expect it will." "Ugh! you ore a "Job's comforter, Rutland. Ugh-ugh! I feel.as if I had taken twenty emetics." "Never mind ; do you good afterwards;-excel lent thing for the liver. Just give yourself up to it, and think how well you will feel to-morrow, or , next day, at latest." "Ugh-ugh-oh-ugh! !" was all the answer that the unhappy victim of [mal-de-mcr returned. In five minutes moro they got into the trough of the Channel, or so some one said, and Robert was in all the agonies of the fearful malady. Mr. Rutland saw him into the gentlemen's cabin, and left him there. He knew there was no hope for him till they were high and dry on Dieppe Quay. The demon had got him in his grip, and would hold him fast to the last moment of the voyage. Neptune showed no favour to the despotic Mr. Wreford, who was lord of all he surveyed in the Fenchurch-street warehouse and at Ivyside. He thought, more than once, how sorry Catherine would bo for him could she see him in such piteous , plight, such miserable Btraits ! Mr. Rutland went back on deck to see how his other fellow-passenger fared. Deserted by bor ... natural guardian, ho felt that ho was hound in eommon humanity to look after her a httle. He found her quite well, and even enjoying the motion of the vessel; her headache was almost gone, she said, and, on her own account, she was glad that the waves ran so gloriously high. It was a splen did sight, and the sensation was delightful ! , ,. Mr. Rutland quite concurred, and he began to talk to her. Tho snuffle was gone, as well as the Usp 5 the voice was almost clear, and wonderfully musical for so young a girl j tho face, though still pale and rather Bodden, was beaming with intel ligence. The young man changed his mind ; she . was bright, and even clever 1 She was certainly not ill-tempered, and her manners were very agree able-neither bashful nor forward; she must have been most carefully brought up. Ho wondered »hat sort of woman Mrs. Wreford was. Mr. Wre jord was an excellent business man, and bore the pest of characters ; but-hut there was something ia his daughter's tone and manners which she had most decidedly not inherited from him. In a quarter of an hour or so they were quite old friends. Anne was telling how much she had teen pleased with the prospect of school life, abroad, till the actual parting came, and Bho also told her companion what a dear, Bweet mo ther she had-the best and sweetest in all the world, she was convinced. "Is she like you?" asked he; "or rather, I would say, do you resemble her ?" 'Oh, no; not a bit! Please don't think such a tamg. She is so pretty-lovely-I think 1 I can »ever grow like her in looks ; I shall be content « I can grow a little like her in goodness. Have you a mother, Mr, Rutland?" \- , Ah* no, MÍSB Wroford ; I wish I had. I have jw», tul within the last throe years, a very good, «nd. sensible step-mother; but there can never "9 Jay one like one's very own mother, I aw BUTÔ Mine died when I waa such a little fellow; I knew I nothing of tho loss I had sustained." , And so they talked on, these two, who had com menced their acquaintance, like Mr. and Mrs. I Malaprop, " with a little aversion." And by the time tho steamer got into quiet water, which was not till it was passing under the great crucifixes which Beeni to guard the entrance to the harbour of Dieppe, Anne had heard all about Mr. Rutland* B sisters-one of whom, the youngest, would proba bly go to school La Paris at Easter ; and if Ann« found herself happy and comfortable at Madame do la Tour's she might very likely have her as a companion. Ana .Dlr. Jtfiutland had been told a good deal about Ivysido, and about Mies Rose's school; but Anno bad that nice sense of reticence -not too common in girls of lier age-which withheld her from disclosing her father's views for her as regarded tho Fenchurch-street business. She felt inst nctively that this was between them selves, and that her parents would not like her to mention it out of the family. Just before they carno to anchor, Mr. Rutland went down to look ¡¡after Ms unfortunate friend, and found him so prostrate that he declared he could not go ashore. As for Anne, he seemed ob livious of her existence. But on that account wa cannot blame him very severely. He is not by any means the first parent who has been rendered un natural by the cruel fiend sea sickness-nay ; we have heard of lovers, fond lovers, who were all the world to each other when they stept on boord, re garding each other with perfect indifference ere they reached mid-channel, and till they were once more on dry land and free from suffering. But Mr. Rutland urged and scolded and coaxed, till Robert-the ghost of the man who had breakfasted so heartily at the Newhaven Hotel-came on deck. The colour hod come bock to Anne'B face, she had boen munching dry biscuits for the last hour, and now she was ravenously hungry. Mr. Rutland took everything upon himself, and it was well he did, for the moment they landed they were greeted I and almost seized by (»mmiBsionaires, hotel I keepers, drivers, «fcc, who shouted in their ears what sounded like gibberish, till they were almost stunned and stupefied, and Mr. Wreford waB i in no condition to make any Bort of bargain for himself. 'lhere iras no clearing of luggage, of course, BO they pressed on at once to the railwaystation, ?where a few minutes were allowed for refreshment at the buffet-minutes of which Anne and Mr. Rutland failed not to avail themselves; while Robert languidly stirred a milkless, sugarless cup of strong green tea, and nibbled at a thin strip of cold dry toast, the most that he could do. He revived, however, on the journey, but fell asleep when about half way to Rouen, while Anne and her new friend renewed their conversation, which continued till they came in view of the myriad lights of the ancient city, twinkling on the river banks far below them, and on the slopes and heights and over all the valley of the Seine. In another quarter of an hour they were Bafely sitting down to supper in the >ell-known Grand Hotel d'Angleterre. 