THE ilATHRAUST. AN ANT BATTLE. (fbok habp^b's magazine.) . On a.aiiltry afternoon, the Xst day of July, I was lazily sauntering in the grove, when, on; looking down, -I found, to my surprise, that I was in the midst of a battle field. A towerful army of red ants had .invaded the ominions of the blank colony which for three years past I had had a kind of super vision oyer. 1 had often .brought plants: covered with aphides—the immortal Linnaeus calledthese aphides the ants'cows—and stack theBe plants into the earth around their dwelling, and bad given them sugar, and had driven and carried toads from their nest which were devouring them.; Inshort, 1 had become very much interested in ana quite attached to this colony, bat I was powerless to aid them now. I could only look. on in wonder and astonishment. A yard or more around.the foot of the tree the battle was raging, and no place for the sole pf my foot without crushing the com batants. I.found in every instance a red ant pitted against a'black, in which.case the black was soon despatched. For three hours I watched the conflict; all around me the com batants locked in close embrace, rolling and tumbling about, never separating until one was. killed, and often the dead victim had fastened with so firm a hold on his adversary that it was with the . utmost difficulty that hie could free himself from his death-grip. The.,sun. went down, and. the gathering darkness compelled me to leave my post of observation, .but as long as I could see. the conflict was as fierce as whenT first beheld it I now-picked up severs^ of the warriors, but, so intent,'were they in their terrible struggle that my handling did not divert them in the leash I carried several pairs into, the house, placed . them under a large oval glass (the cover of a fernery) on a marble topped fable, and watched the conflict. 1 found I, had ten black and ten red war riors, not]engaged .in a.general faSUe, but each rotemt npon killing Ms own adversary,. .It was hilly an hour before, the first warrior was killed—a red has at last despatched one cf his black antagonists; and not satisfied f: killipg hfm, ne tears his legs from his and sevmshis antenna, After cori ng himself that he is really dead, he irajrou^d at, the other warriors which are cuosdly idekbd W&elr; dreadful embrace, and now„ be hurrids', from one couple to another, as if to see where his services are most. needed.,.. He finds a pouple whose struggles are nearly over—a. black has ustened with n death grin to $8 adv6rsary!s fore-lek. The'rod hero soon severs the hshd Kom the black toljmer, .andleayea it hanging ip the; leg ofhls dMng comrade. He now Boes to .another couple who tire Still fiercely contending; he seizes the black, tarn how all mree roll and tumble about together; bufcthe black is soon killed, ana, flB ltt "the other se, bisi maudibfos - are . locked, -on his Iversary.8ieg.-But*h5feme ourhero does the-blank soldier, «ehlmselfasbeBt ^jUMs^uce of f .IT nowanoG . . 'and . ... >on.,iheblack: lie finds hisohsntoi ^feiees him between the thorax and abdhmen, and severs the body in two; but the dying black, dope not relax hie ■ hold ochls- firethHtagohiat,and they die gather..... . - ;;.. ■: i i I now leave the fierce combatants for the night. In the morning I find that every black is killed,-andfour red soldiers are dead, - and .two .otnegis 'cannot long survive. The legs jura. &ifienhae; hnd mutilated bodies Oi the' dead watri6is are strewn about, bvetyj fragment i ghosting conspicuously on t th©,. vnite: .marble- I Out of the 20,„ 14 ore dead, and,two nearly lifeless—only four have.'survived.. 1 put sojhe drops of watte* tend moistened sugar- under the glasis' for the surviving heroes : two find the water: and drinb. . Ibbw repair to the battle-field. . The straggle, is pvjer—rnojt a black to bp seen, but'a cbmmn;of 'thp red .lnyade're is emerging froift'fi la'rge'Cfivity thatieade to the numerous gaUeries and underground chambers of these industrious, blacks* i and ■' each invader is carrying a' larva or pupa.4 I follow the column,-which iB from'four to fire inches in Width, jto the nest: of the red ants before mentioned.. There is a wide opening in the Bide of- this nest, down which they all dis appear and leaVe their burdens, and again Start for more plunder. All day long, these powerful marauders are engaged in this Work. They carry a larva or pupa carefully, and . drop. it om being disturbed. But what does this mean? Every' little while a red warrior comes out with a large bundle, which he carries as carefully as he does the pupa or larva. 1 stop him to inquire into the matter; he drops his bundle, which immediately un rolls, and lo! it is a lively black ant, ap parently unhurt, and, to my eye, no way different from the warrior with whom he was bo fiercely fighting. ! The books which I have read on the-sub- j ject inform me that "the red ants carry the pupa and larva of the blacks to their nest, ' where they rear them for slaves, but they never capture the ddult ant, for it would not Btay in the hew home if they did." But these ants Certainly carried a great number of adult blacks to their nest, and 1 am quite sure they did hot run away, but stayed and helped to nurse and feed the larvce. I cap ture several of the red marauders with their victims, and place them nnder the glass. The reds now pay no attention to the blacks, but simply try to make their escape. I take larvae and lay them on a leaf, and pnt them under the glass also, and place moistened sugar in their reach. Very Boon the blacks are feeding the helpless larvae. I remove the glaBS cover; the reds immediately run away, but the blackB stay and continue to sip the moistened sugar and feed the young. I hold a magnifying- glass over them, and find the little larvae raise up their heads and open their months to be fed, very much like young birds. I now take the larvae, together with the ntuses, and plane them near the nest of red ants.; I soon lose sight of the nurses, but the larvmare quickly taken into the nest by the red soldiers. 