§. §. (fette. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) fSBIO: TEGO. BAT USD A r, JULY 86, 1879. SEPARATION It would be a good thing Tor the fu ture progress of legislation in Queens land if somu understanding could be arrived at concerning tbe question of separation. Iu every session of Par liament Bonie bead of this political hydra makes itself aiuttrent. Wo have on tbe business paper of the As sembly now the Financial Districts Bill and Mr. Beoe'b motion for terri torial separation ; and although neither hare the remotest chance of passing beyond the speculative stage, still their existence serires to keep open a running sow that ie always likely to hamper Parliament in the transaction of public business. If the question were honestly raised it could be fairly met, but that has never been the case. When Itock liauiplon took the lead in demanding separation, the acute busiuoss men of that progressive town did «o in the spirit that leads a Chinese f»r\rt!cner to demand a fancy price for liis cabbages. John has not the leftftl-eximdation of getting what he demands, but he wishes to secure a good bargain ; ia the same way ltockhumptcm had little hope of getting separation, but used tho cry to obtain the very handsome share of public expenditure which she has since obtained, Bowen now re mains constant to the eatueery because, posHCssiiitf :i linn site for a town, and very Jitle else, she hopes to (secure something by demanding all. Mr. Uf.or, who holds the brief for that |-k:(ureK{)uo and desolate township, is simply doing his duty for his clients iu billing the moiion ho has brought forward. Nobody iu the north really wivntB separation, but many hope to ropuat. the game so successfully played by Rockhatnpton, forgetting that it belongs to a class of dodges whiohoan only be successfully practsiod onoe. If thore wore any expectation that the iemand would be granted, we would Boon have a movement similar to that of tbe palmy days of the Roekhamp ton Separation Committee, when the squatters in the baok country peti bioned tor a Crown Colony rather than. i repetition of tho Brisbane Parlia ment with all its faults intensified. But, while we clearly understand ihe unreality of the demand for sepa ration, we arts uot among the number if those who regard auoh »n event &«. a future impossibility. Dr. Lang's idea of u colony with a coast line stretching five degrees north and south of Brisbane was a wine one, and would hare allowed a future colony to spring into exist bnco in the north without difficulty. It would have included coast country nearly to Mackay, and taken in Oleraiont, the Mitchell and the Gregory districts. Beyond that boundary the purely tropical part of Queensland may bo said to begin. South of that boundary line white men can fully occupy the field (or settle ment — tdat ib, a white laborer taking up a homestead can perform all the necessary labor on it, while north of that boundary it is only in a few ex ceptional places that Europeans can perform the continuous work de manded hy agriculture without break ing down under the strain. It will be Been therefore that there is a real natural division about the point indi cated. The far north cannot hope for agricultdi-al settlement in the sense that wo utio the term on the Darling Downs;ciiltivationtheremustbe carried on by mennsof large plantations worked by parti-colored gangs of laborers be longing to some other than European race. Hore we have a colony capable of attaining the highest social and political utandard attained by Euro pean nations ; there we can only look for a_ future career of which, say Mauritius, nIiow.s the highest attainable model. The north will be, in the fu ture, a pluce where Europeans will go to make a fortune ; Southern Queens land is a country to which they will como to neck a home. JJie iS^jmratiouists therefore ore right in -!-'cl:iritur that the two halves must part sooner or later, liut they arc wrong in maintaining that the time has come now. As yet, the in habitants of Northorn Queensland have not Nettled down to its permanent occupation. Except in the extreme south of the northern division, the present occupants of that territory ure merely encamped on it, as miners digging gold or as squatters consuming the native grasses. We have as much right as they have to this purely tem porary occupation of our outlying ter ritory. Certainly they have a just claim for a fair share of revenue ex penditure : but a uniform system of Local Government will give them that, and we recommend them to turn their attention to this practical end, and cease to dream dreams. By and bye, when they turn to their fertile Boil, and seek to cultivate it ; when they desire to be allowed to import colored laborers to cultivate the land ; when, in short, they begin to ac cept their destiny and settle down, then they may demand separation, and will probably get it. But they must demand it on quite different grounds from those advanced now. We deny that there has been auy attempt to deprive them knowingly of their rights; and if in the scramble for public money they have came off second best, they have only suffered the same fate as other districts in the colony. Let them come forward and acknowledge their unfitness to form a colony after the manner of other Australian colonies, and demand liberty to pursue their destiny in their own wav. and they wil! bo listened to. As a Crown colony, ruled by a modified despotism, Northern Queensland may become a rich possession of the British Empire, a great exporter of purely tropical products, and a good customer to us for our wheat, wine, fruit, sheep, and potatoes. It will be a community of whites governing and directing a mongrel collection of black, yellow, and brown laborers, capable of much mate rial prosperity, but not of attaining any high intellectual or moral standard. When a commencement lias been made in that direction we will ourselves be ready enough to echo the cry of Sepa ration, and take care that the line of demarcation be broad and deep. But no beginning even has been made, and we see no reason why a superfluous line of custom -houses should divide our territory for the sake of establishing a self-governing colony, quite incapable of maintaining its position and with out any real root in the soil. Least of all do we intend that the sham cry for separation nha.ll serve as a threat to wring from us any undue concessions. Mr. Beer's motion is awerojeud'esprit ; the Financial District Bill is already doomed to the limbo in which so many of its unborn predecessors wander, mere disconsolate ghosts of abortive measures. 