CATHOLIC EDUCATION. a pastoral letter of the arch ? bishop and bishops exercising ' jurisdiction in new south ; wales. To our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, the clergy, secular and regular, and the faithful under ouv jurisdiction, health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute pei'ils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice ; we, the Archbishop and Bishops ho,ving jurisdic tion in New South Wales, who are responsible to God for the souls of parents and children con fided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. The erection of costly Public schools in every direction, which is continually going on ; the af.pnrltr ftvsfpmnl.tf' Tvn-u- in'wliinta nm1 TlArmrmnn. tional schools are being weakened and extin guished ; the treatment of Catholics at Randw.ick and the Benevolent Asylum ; the prospect of secularist Grammar schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst ; of a secularist High School for girls being established in Sydney, and partially endowed by the Government ; of £1500 a year being spent for five years on the education at Grammar schools of boys exclusively from Public schools : this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a free community like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. And more than this ; this expenditure on god less education, this studding the colony with schools which the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels : this use of Catholic funds — of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets — for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity ; is an act so galling to every feeling of fair play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged. IN ot merely as Uisliops ol the Catholic Uhurcn, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice ia dealt out to all its tax- payers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice; and believe it to be tho duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one-third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax-payers receive ; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. Wo prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties. But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself io essentially bound up with a certain position ; when tho question of education is in point of fact the great religious question of the day ; we should bo prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should provo our selves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold our peace ; did avo not, at the present juncture, set forth the teaching of tho Church with groat distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unimstakablo clearness, your duties as in terpreted by that teaching. Christ carno on earth to renew tho world by the graces of His Spirit, by His perfect law of life, and by tho ouperaaturci vovolation of Hio will to man. What the highest Paganisn at, and failed to accomplish, that He did1. its fulness and perfection. The first Chap. St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans gives ua tmiivored line of the degradation to which man canned at under a civilization which is based upon 0. Id passions '; whilst the higher philosophy of Platoa Socrates, Gate, and Cicero, has proved to us hov? impotent are literature and philosophy and in tellectual cultivation, when they set themselves to purify the spirit of tho inner man. The hideous blots which disfigure the highest morality of Rome and Athens are so many fingers which point to the utter imbecility of man when ho thinks to civilize the heart, instruct the con science, and direct the will, apart from the in fluences of true religion. And what the history of the past has proved to be the case, the . history of the present is ever more and more ?? confirming. We find, on all sides, that where philanthropists have attempted to educate the - inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual culture, the effect has always been the same. Every civilization which has not had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort, from that of the most remote paganism to that of tho mosfc modern infidelity, to deal with the conacience, the will, and the heart of man in their inner sane- ? tuavies, has resulted in the degradation of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which cor rupted him. The reason may have been exercised, and the intellect may have been informed j but, apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on ? which man's worth so much depends, has never been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motives elevated or refined. What paganism could not and eannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into th© world. What legislation cannot touch, or philo- ?.. sophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify and to ennoble, through the gifts and guidances of the Christian dis pensation. He, and He alone, was able to eon vert and regenerate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required the . power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects ; the light of faith illuminat- : ing the intellect and. informing the conscience;,^, and the grace of the Sacraments, especially p£ *: Penance and the Altar, together with a super natural life of piety and prayer, to bring their- .'. united action to bear upon the world, before man' could gain any adequate notion of what Christian . civilization really meant, and of the effects on : the entire man of Christian education. These ? things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to, . fallen nature; they are graciously bestowed'td^ supplement man's weakness, and to assist him. inr.\ withdrawing himself from the tyranny of passion. ,'. and the thraldom of pride ; away f rbin : that brutality which is produced by an^ :. Ansln.-tfATnAnf f.r- f.inA -m-nvirl flio riovil pnrl fciifi flfiHTi. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought know-, ledge of a perfect Mnd, compared with the ' obscurity of the past. It taught man- that in . comparison with tho nest world, this world, and ? all its wealth and knowledge, are as dross ; that-' heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can offer ; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, before all things else j .^ and whatever he gain, if he lose God, all is lost ;. and whatever he lose, if he gain God, allis gained.' Christianity brought into the vrorld, also, three invaluable gifts : a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and man. . ' On these teachings, all civilization and legisla tion, all morality, public, social, and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into paganism and barbarism ; his moral nature cor- , rupts, and he gravitates towards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on the other hand, with, Christianity thus acting as a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficacy of the sacraments, and the teaching of Revelation, man is lifted up ; his reason energizes in ita fullest freedom, his conscience ia trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness, and ripeness which are never to be found under leas favourable conditiono. Now we are bound both by tha natural and the revealed law to educate children in the know ledge of God, in His love, and in his command ments; As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children ; and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to roar then' children from the dawning of their reason; tho Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete tho work which. the parents have begun. ' Go ye therefore and teach,' or make disciples of ' all nations, bap i-t m \~i tv 4- l'i mi^ 1 n 4' IT n y-n ?--*-» r\ rt-P 4* m f\ tFrt 4-1^ ?*?»» r» **i /-I /\\-P 4*1t /% ULClXllfc Ui.LVj.L-Li. J.i-1 Ulll- 1JU1LLU Wl VIXKJ X' tVULlUij tiUU. KJi- Vli-W Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to ob serve all things whatever I have commanded you,' is her commission. Here tho duty is imposed upon her, and she receives tho necessary gifts aud powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the oamo class of teaching ; they are in perfect harmony ; the education of tho child at its mother's knee ia not undone in tho Chris tian Schools, but developed and completed, Through the whole period tho graces and in fluences of Christianity avo operating on tho inner life of tho Christian child ; tho heart, tho conscience, and tho will, aro being moulded for life : and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete personality becomes saturated by a civilization, oil which Christianity alono can bo tho origin. Thus it is self-ovidont that education v/ifchqufe Christianity is impossible : you may call it in° struction, filling tho mind v/ifch a corfcainjjquantity of secular knowledge, bat. you cannot dignify ifc . with tho numo Education $ for religion ia ! an essential part of Education ; and to d|» I vovco Eeliciosi or OlirMiadty &om; Bctite-iUtfaiB to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of JeBUB Christ. Thus it is that the Church con demnd, -with marked omphasis, those schools, and that m'ethod of teaching in which the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knows '~~~'thafc instruction is not education ; and that a system of national training from which Christi anity is banished, is a system of practical pagan ism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss ? of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. It is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty in struction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant tatesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find no new doctrine, but the ?''? old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says the Supreme Pontiff, ' when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church and of tho commonwealth depends so Mauch. For thus, society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure tho foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to tho knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by tho spirit of error and untruth : and education which, without the aid of Christian Doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, in structs the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, arid which will be a'source of greatest misfor tunes to the commonwealth and their own families. 'Who does not see that the same sys tem will give riso to still greater evils_ if it be introduced into primary schools ? for it is in these schools above all that the children of the people/ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our koly.religion, and to be trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilization. In such schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a place in all that concerns education and ? instruction, that whatever else the children may learn ehould appear subsidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils ?whenever in the schools education is not closely United with religious teaching. 'Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational institutions all the care, solici tude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of mthdrar/ing primary schools from the control of the Church and tho exertions made to cany this design into effect arc therefore inspired by » spirit of hostility towards her and by the desire of .extinguishing among the people tho divine light of our holy faith. Those who pretend that th'e 'Church ought to abdicate or suspend her con trol and her salutary action upon tho primary sehools, in reality ask her to disobey the com mands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from G-od of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the schools from ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to tho danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not only to use her besr efforts and to employ every means to .secure for them tho necessary Christian education and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all tho faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.' (Letter addressed by Pope Pius IX. to the Arch bishop of Freiburg, July 14, 1864.) Wherever the question of Secularist schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warn ings. How the bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy lias more than once considered it its duty to address the Catholic peoplo of England to the same effect. In one of their recent Join); Pastoral Letters they say : ' We have already declared that education without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that tho secular and religious elements of education are inseparable ; that education is essentially religious, and there fore that where religion is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction, bi;t education they can not give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but in the namo of Christianity, lot it not be called education. Wot only is education without religion impossible, but instruction without religion is in Btruction without morality. A people to whom ' morality is not taught cannot be moral ; but Christian morals cannot bo taught without ? religion ; for what is morality but the lav/ of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour ? And how is ^fc possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this — unless men are going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists — Christianity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the knowledge of Christ, and that again by necessity, involves the knowledgo of His history, His teaching, His commandments, His inoarnation, His Divine personality. And what is this but dogma ? for religion Avithout dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught ; and where morality is not taughfc, tho heart, tho cocsoienoe, and. the will of children, wq not odw '- .??? ' ?'..?'''..?.?????; ': /..?.' .??.'?.?:'? ? ?.?:.? ??* . cated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can bo more false, what more fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this edu cation.' (Given, April 21, 1S71. Signed by the Archbishop of Westminster and his twelve Suffragans.) Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop and Bisliops of this colony, with all tho weight. of our autho rity, condemn tho principlo of secularist educa tion, and those schools which are founded on that principle. (See Appendix.) Wo condemn them, iirst, [because they contraveno tho first principles of the Christian religion ; and secondly, because they are seed-plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, . being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member' of their congregation fully realizes the true position of affairs. * They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to^ upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustico to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, are expos ing their children to proximate danger of perver sion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, the morality, the eternal happiness of those who ai*e too young to help themselves, and who have . been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protec tion. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encou ragement to such schools, for, by*so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who aro';bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood — flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in -the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-electors and their re presentatives in Parliament these two fact3, first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country ; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them : let tho country fully com prehend our grievances, and a sense of common, even-handed justice will assist us in working out a remedy. Would secularists hold their peace if, without equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusively from Catholic institutions ? Would they not hold that they were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness ? And would not the whole world agree with them ? It will be urged that the State leaves religion to parents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. True, the State does not, and cannot claim a commission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by the natural and divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State ha3 no power or commis sion to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. The State has no rights higher or more sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights 'and duties of parents : its commis sion is to see that those rights are not invaded, and that those duties are performed. Tho Catho lic Church condemns godless schools and secu larist education because they are solvents of Christianity, and tend towards depriving Chris tian children of a priceless treasure. And no man can be a sound Catholic and support that which the Church condemns. Tho State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Does not the Church know her own true interests best? Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time ? Are not her professed opponents on tho side of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side ? And to come to facts, lias the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit ? Has not the Catholic episco pate, in various quarters of tho world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit ? What is our own experience, and that of tho Catholic clergy in this colony ? To their shame, it must bo Baid, some of our people do send their children to public schools. What is tho deliberate conclusion wo have arrived at with regard to sucJi children ? That there is a marked difference between them and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to alludo to their morality : their manners are rough and irreverent : they liavo little sense of respect and gentleness : they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too largo in numboiv Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. If in any country in the world aigna are being held out on every side of the necessity of an especial school of self-control, reverence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any country Catholic children requiro a strong Catholic education, it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other ex ternal helps, assist in the training up of the young in a Christian spirit ; but here, where all is new, the clergy few, tho population small and scattered, and tho external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with tho best efforts of the best Catholic training, to rear up the children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity out of the schools, and to con fine it to a Sunday catechism- class, under such circumstances as these. -n The only fair chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men and women in tln'3 colony is for them to be most carefully and con scientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then for them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, where tho home teaching is continued, and the mind and heart and conscience and senses of the children are impregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. It may bo interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong and teacli them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education ; and we aro led to do so all tho most strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear that Catholics are beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. Tho Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics ; but by the successor of St. Peter, and the Bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, tho voico that speaks with this authority, they will bo safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make ship wreck of the faith. What, then, are our practical recommenda tions ? I. — First, let all parents lovo their children's souls as tho apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God with regard to tho Catholic education of their children. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; and, imtil they are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic in stincts, and, by example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as a matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. II, — Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places For their children, who have to learn, before every thing else, to save their souls : and who should be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic xtmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers md companions, by an exclusively Catholic train ing for encountering the perils of tho world into which they will eventually be thrown. III. — Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so it is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church ; md that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no Confessor can absolve such parent's as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influences of an alien creed 3r a secularist system. IV. — Fourthly, let those who are so unhappy is to be sending their children at tho present moment to public schools, withdraw them as ?oon as possible. Let them examine their jhildrcn's religious instincts and moral condition : ind if, as is to be expected, they find faith and norals weakened, and the germs of law lessness apparent, then let them, with great mxiuty, do all they can to redeem :ho time and to remedy the evil. Let them 3spcc'inlly prepare such children for the Sacra nents, teach them to hear Mass devoutly, to say ;heir morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their Model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to bo ibedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed ovor thom. V. — Fifthly, let the clergy make such instruc ions as theso the frequent subject of their ser mons and their private exortations ; and let them lot weary till godless and non-Catholic schools lave been cleared of Catholic children ; and until ill the Catholic children in the district are ?eeeiving a sound Catholic education. VI. — Sixthly, let Bishops, priests, and people lo all°that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as effi cient in every way as possible ; so as to be equal n secular instruction to non-Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in tho genuine aducation of tho will, tho conscience, and the senses. VII. — Seventhly and lastly, whilst strengthon rng what they have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their Pellow tax-payers. What is the present position of affairs ? Catholics aro paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of, nor make use }f, whilst no analagous provision has been made tor them. We may bo met with tho cry of tho ' religious liffieulty.' _ We admit tho religious difficulty ; aufc that difficulty is aggravated, nob solved or mitigated, by aets of extraordinary unfairness to a largo section of tho oommnnity. The 'religious difficulty-' e'xiats in Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a lessjind loss share of jus tico. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England . i3 rejoicing, with regard to education, in even handed justice, we, hero, aro retrograding, and are aggravating that one-sidedneso and unfairness from which tho broad spirit of a growing libera lity has set Protestant England freo. Why should tho mother country hold a monopoly of even-handednesg ? Why should not wo walk in tho broad footpath of her legislation on this question ; and lcarnj[f ram her great statesmen how to solve ' the religious difficulty ' by the Britisli panacea of fair-play ? And how can this principle of fair-play bo applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by results in placo of tho present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidized, each section of tho community receives equal assistance with tho other, according to ascertained results (by Go vernment inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admit to bo a common good. Tims no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would bo deprived of a monopoly ; but, then, a wide spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace through out the colony. Neither^Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would largo annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the com munity to tho exclusion of another. Thero would bo one law of fair-play and no favouring, for all. Thoso who were equally taxed would be equally treated. — ]s not this a broad, an intelligible plat form, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If thero bo a widespread sense of justice in tho land, a3 wo firmly believe there is — is thero not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? Wo recommend those interested in thia nubject to study the Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England and Wales, with new code of rogula lions ; and Sir John O'Shanaasy'o Bill to further amend the law relating to education. In matters of vital importance and common justice half measures generally turnout minorablo and cowardly failures. If it bo worth while for the Catholic bpdy to assert its righto at all, it is worth while for it to assert its full and entiro rights. Let us all realise thia fact : and then wo shall not bo content till our present humiliating position is exchanged for ono of faivneaa and equality. It is a great crruoe which vre have in hand, nothing lese than keeping alive, in ito integrity, in our adopted land, tho religion of Josuo Chriofc, and thus far securing the onlvation of coulo, aa well as the future greatness of tho colonv. Let Catholics rouse themaolvos up to a'conao of their responsibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to boar in the right quarter 5 and never cease, in their perse voring, their organized impor tunity, until they have obtained thoso rights which no man can refuse them without oolf evident injustice. Dearly Beloved, ' Watch yo, stand fcafc in tho faith, do manfully, and be strengthened.' (I Cor., xvi., 13.) ' Keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; ono body, ono Spirit, aa you are called in one hope of your calling ; ono Lord, ono Faith, ono Baptism ; Ono God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in ua all.' (Ephes., iv., 3-6.) May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all tilings ; that your whole spirit, and coul, and body, may bo preserved blameless in tho coming ' of our Lord Jesus Christ.' (Thess., v., 23.) Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1879, ond ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. t ROGEli BEDE, Archbiuhop of Sydney. f MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst. f JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. f WILLIAM, Bishop 01 Goulburn. 