?W?E felt on a recent occasion impelled to make the remark that the respectable body of men who in this colony rejoice in the appellation of representatives of the people "arein few things so succesful as in making sport for those of their constituents who have the opportunity of attending their performances;" or, failing that-since the number of those persons is comparatively small-who can find time to examine the reports of their proceedings in the faithful record of the metropolitan press. It is a "melancholy merriment," indeed, that is derivable from these performances,-one that is exceedingly apt to take the form of d2iwnright disgust on the stomach of a fastidious observer;while even to the less deli te generality, if the fun of observ ing their'prianks m'ay b~,like the eaten book oftle Apocalypse,sw~eeteas honey in the mouth, the restilts are likely to become bitter as gall in the belly, We are, most of us pretty well aware how the waste of time, the disregard of decency, the per sistent neglect of the most necessary work, which are the common characteristics of our Legislative Assembly have produced inefficiency inthe admisistrative machinery, and brought our political institutions intd contempt. The colony may, however' consider itself lucky if a set of men who aspire to convert themselves into as irres ponsible oligarchy, and have received from the people themselves a great part of the power ndkessary to complete this scheme, condescend either to do any modicum of work on their behalf, or to exhibit for their amusement scenes which may at one time be classed with the old diversions of the cockpit and the bear-garden, and at another with the broadest farce of a low theatre. The premier, who in his immeasurable vanity and conceit, may fitly be styled the Malvolio of the House,i ,~th e uncon. scious readiness he exlibits to furnish matter for laughter, equally entitled to be regarded as its leader, a position which in other respects he assumes ostentatiously enough. There is not a legislator in the Assembly who enlivens the debates with the slightest scintillation of wit; and mem bers can only entertain the public by the exhibition of their own weaknesses. The other day Sir H. Parkes in conse quence of a renewed (and well deserved) attack upon his tattered character by the rude hand of MIr. M'Elhone, committed himself with that simplicity which is always apt to mnke its appearance in the conduct, of excessively vain-men, to a pro. y?s, of vindication which brings to mind the proverb applicable to some matters, that the more they are stirred, tile worse they stink. The unceremonimus M Ethloo under provocation most gratuitonusly applied by the premier, reminded him of the observation reported to have been some years ago uttered by Sir A. Stephen regarding the Knight Conunander. We insert the following extract from thle Ilerahl's report of the proceedings: PERSOxAL ESPLAc.LTION. "Sir Henry Parkes said that in conso quence of words attributed to Sir Alfred Stephen in respect to himi by the hon. nmember for the Upper Hunter on Friday night, he had, after somne hesitation, written to Sir Alfre~l Stephen and lie desired to read the lettir 'Sydney, May 20th, 1870. ' My dear Sir Alfred,-I have been unde cided during tliohe last day or two as to whether I should or should inot iapply to you, is order to ascertain the truth of a statement or allegation made in the Legislative Assembly on Friday, the 16th instant. MiIy hesitation has arisen from an unwillingness to trouble you in the matter, but as I can see no other means of ascer taining the truth I have determined to write this letter, which you will kindly consider as addressed to you in my private capacity. ' MIr. M'Elhone, on Friday, informed the Assembly ill very distinct terms, though not is direct terms, that you, while holding the office of Chief Justice, said that I qught to be on Cocikatoo Isliand instead of walking in the public streets. In the Herald's report of the proceedings, the terms elmployed are :' He forget the words used by Sir Alfred Stephen, when Chief Justice, in regard to a promiinent manI who, hle said ought to be at Cockatoo Island instead of walking the streets of Sydney. The words actually used clearly identified me as the ' prominent man ' alluded to. *Until I heard Mr, M'Elhone say that you had applied these words to me, I never heard of any suchv words having at any tisme been applied to me by you, and I can not understand how, if they were eversused, they could have escaped my knowledge." ' You will not, of course, understand that I have any jntention of questioning tlie propriety of whatever you may have said, in speaking of nme or others, as Ohief Justice; but I hope I may be permitted to ask whether, as a matter of fact, the words attributed to-you by Mr. I'Elhone were ever used, as lie has.allegedcthoy were used, by you, o Very truly yours, HENRY PARKEiS.' " Heo had this afternoon received a private note from Sir Alfred Steplhen, in whichl Sir Alfred enclosed a statement which lihe authlorished hinm to use in any way ihe thought proper. That stateenieit was as follows : f Half-past 3, Tuesday. 'I am certain that I never used ainy such words-or any words equivalent to them, Whlat I did say was reportef, rat 'ie time in tile Ilerald, wvhicsoimi be, I presume, easily referreclkto:. It is impossible for me, after so !Oni_? an interval to be able to state .h6vtiher tlhe newspaper report was abso lutely correct; and indeed, very probably I did not even at the time read it to see if it was so. But I am sure that no words expressing or implying the opinion atti buted to me, or anything like it, either in substance or effect, were uttered on the occasion. ALFRED STEPHEN." It has been a trick very characteristic of Sir H. Parkes to read private correspond ence-sometimes of very old date-4in his place in parliament, commonly for the purpose of damaging an antagonist; and it is in our opinion, almost impossible to reprobate too strongly the mixture of cusningg and coarse malignity which is commonly involved in such a pro ceeding. Sir H.Parkes hasseldumn resorted to it without bringing upon himself more or less odium and reprobation or ridicule; but he has seldom inade himself more ridiculous by this or any other process than by reading the corresppndence reprinted above, notwithstanding that Sir A. Stephen's note is written with a view to publication. The amiable IKnight-Com. mender had been "undecided for a day or tswo." The very spirit of mischief must have interposed to bring his indecision to an end-the precise end to which it came Had the premier felt that contempt which he professes for Mr. M'Elhone and his sayings, he would.havele'd the matter drop, the wisest course ill any cese The affair really reminds one of the occasion when a Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir John Trevor, during the reign of William the Third,'Was obliged to put from the chair the question that he himself had been guilty of high crime, and misdemean ours. The ayes had it ; but Sir John Trevor survived, thlugh as Lord Macaulay observes, a man of spirit would have given up the ghost with shame and mortifi cation, We don't know so much about Sir John Trevor as we do about Sir H. Parkes i but we may wonder, in a loose way, what would have been the effect on the premier, if Sir A. Stephen had said he certainly used the words, and was still of the same opiniot. The absolute i..mpossibility of his giving any answer but one in the cir cumstances ought to have decided the premier's indecision the opposite way, and it' deprives Sir Alfred's qualified denial of all value to his indiscreet questioner. Bating the necessary civility, Sir H. Parkes is simply referred to the nowspalers for What he wants; and anybody but him self might have foreseen this. It is diffi cult to believe that he never heard of the remark before. Authentic or otherwise, it must have been repeatedly.thrown in his teeth. We are much mistaken if it was not well known to Mr. Charles, Mlr. Gsarrett and others of the Iremier's new friends. It is evident Sir H. Parkes feels in spite of his knightly rank, that hlie has no charadter or reputation independent of the breath of others. E Mr. M'Elhone promised to read the momentous report on a future occasion. Many uncomplimentary things may, doubtless, be said of Mr. M'Elhone; but if he can do anything to abate thie premier's'outrageous vanity and arrogance, he vill not have been the most useless member in the Assembly. TP. undulating character of the ground on which the town of Kiama stands-the succession of hill and valley, whiclh.gives the place so picturesque jtn aspect as viewed particularly from tile sea, tends as usual in such cases, but little t'o the con veniencec of the inhabitants. 'Tolerable building sites are by no means plentiful ill tihe town; and a considerable amount of ingenuity is sometimes requisite in the arrangement of the various parts of even a private establishment. The position of some buildings reminds one of that of certain Egyptian temples and tombs, where a front for the edifice is only obtained by cutting a vertical face into the side of the limestone hills by which the valley of the Nile is bounded. The public buildings of Kiama arec at present not numerous; and are not likely to become so. Churches and Assembly-halls are at most only of a stemi-public character; and the buildings to which the appellation "public " coa alone be strictly applied, are the Court house withl its adjuncts; the Post and Telegraph Office; and the Public School. F'or the two former of these sites were secured from the original alignment of the town; and that which is commonly called the Market-square remains available for any future needs of the same kind. The ground thus reserved is level enough as we all know, to be free from thoincon venitnce which attaches, in consequence of the rapidity of the slopes to the far greater number of building lots in the streets of the town; but the public offices which have been erected on it are exposed, as we all know, without the possibility of shelter, to the full fury of the winds and storms which ever and anon set in from the "Pacific " Ocean. The difficulty which, ever since its erection, has been found in keeping the Courthouse weather tight, ought to have been more considered than it seems to have actually been in the process of designing the new Post and Telegraph Office. A private proprietor p.ropos fig to place an expensive building in iucli ia position would doubtless have instructed his architect to take into calcu lation the meteorological conditions of the case; and to provide, so far as pecuniry means and scientific appliances would avail, for resisting the well-known penetra tive power of the storms to which it must be exposed. But the ways of great govern oment departments are not as the ways of private individuals. The proprietor of the building immediately opposite-the Oity Bank to wvit-knew that the most substan tial wall he could build of brick or stone would require, if fully exposed to the ea~sterly .weather; the protection of a coat of the best cement. The designer of tile new Post Office, or the minister who employed him, knew that it wouldn't,-or they knew nothing about the matter. There were doubtless, persons who must have known all about it, and who might have been expected to make the necessary representations. Whether they were made and disregarded we do not know; but we, at any rate, have earned the right, if it is worth exercising, of saying" We told you so." During the early part of theyear, the weather, though not drouthy, was not of a kind to test severely the resisting power of the Victorian bricks, and the unquestion ably good work which Mr. Vaughan plut into the walls of his building. The weather we have experienced during the last few weeks, however, has begun to tell the tale which everybody except the architect and the department knew would soon be told. It has penetrated the brick work. We do not know that it has yet torn any of the galvanized tiles from the list pitched roofs; but this will doubtless follow in due time. Both the clock and the walls require protection; and we pointed out in vain, as regards the latter, while the work was iun hand, that the process of cementing or anlly other that might be preferred for the purpose could be effected ata moderate cost then, com pared to what would be required at any subsequent time. It is a pity that the traditions or fancies prevailing in a state architect's office should stand in the way of the mostilmportatnt consideration connected with architecture, viz.: the erection of buildings really adapted to their use and posbition. The Public School does not participate in the advantages, such as they are, of the reservation for public buildings at the junction of our two principal streets j and its site has the normal inconveniences of building sites in Eiami; The addition which, after many delays has at length been made, and was opened not long since, is intended to serve the purposes of an Infant School. In point of convenience, it is, we must say, none of the happiest; and comLpelen professional supervision seems to have been sadly wanting. We had under stood that the plan alpproved, if not pro posed by the Inspector was to errct the Infant School on the northern side of the original building, where it might have setood on a different elevatioi, anrd might, if it were thoughtdesirable,have been connected with the other block by the completion of the class roomn on that side, for which tlhe toothing or discontinuation of the stone. work remains, and we suppose,.is likely to remain. The unfortunate plan adopted for tlhe addition has resulted in this, that in wet weather the lnfirlt school cannot be used, or even approached. A deep excava tion was necessary towards the construction of the new lbuilding on the level of the old : and this excavation drains the whole of the neighbouring ground. Something must now be done to remedy this defect. It appears to us that what is required is the widening of the excavation, to soften the appearance which the building now has of being stuck in a hole; together with the erectionof a breast wall, with a proper drain at the foot of it, and the sufficient gravelling of thepassage round the building. A flight of stone steps would also be required for the accommodation of the " little ones." JEWELLERY is mnade in Gerrany nfrom ti?he pure blood of the ox. 'ihe blood is dried, reduced to powder, and then moulded mnd polished, What nenxt 