-* — ; ? ^ ? ? . CHECKMATED. * And so you are positively goiag by the 8.30 train this evening, my dear ?* asks Mrs. Belford of her husband, the while pouring out that gentleman's tea. *Yes, my love, at half -past 8 the train leaves the Spencer-street Station/ answers her lord and master, George Belford, stretch ing his long well-shaped legs under the diniag-table. ' Is the business very important V 'Very, my dear, Fanny; in fact, I may state the ' firm' will not trust any one in this ffair but your humble servant.' * Of course, dear, and the journey will no doubt be very pleasant after the dull routine of the office; but it seems strange that you should be compelled to start without any previous notice from your1 employers. You know it was only this morning you promised to take me to jthe opera. . Why could they not send Mr. Jiones ? ' ? ; ; ? * Jones, indeed!' interrupted Mr. Belford, scornfully. ' A fellow without brains, and a dandy into the bargain. A pretty minister truly to send on a diplomatic mission.' And George Belford drank his hot tea in a savage way to express his disgust. , * I'm sure Mr. Jones is a very gentlemanly man, George, and anything but dall or stupid, as you would infer,' answered the little wife warmly. lOh, indeed, very gratifying to Jones, if he could only hear you ; but, my dearEanny, ladies, as a rule, are poor judges of men.' * That's the reason there are so many un happy marriages, I suppose?' answered his better half, with a merry twinkle in her bright eyes. A large clock in the dining-room struck the hour, and interrupted the husband in his reply. He rose quickly from the table. ' {Seven o'clock, by Jove ! and I have to be at the railway station in another hour. Where's Jane V ' In the kitchen, my love.' *Be kind enough to ask her. to brush my overcoat ; X got it covered with dust this morning.' ? '/Will you require anything else besides yjour coat, George ?' ! 'Nothing, Fanny, save my pipe and tobacco pouch. By-the-bye, the present occasion will be very opportune for your visit to .theStatnmores 'while I am away. They have invited you several times, and I now deeply regret that you have utterly ignored their kindness/ saying which our hero walked upstairs to prepare for Ms tourney. : George Belford was head clerk in one of the large soft-goods house of Melbourne, and in receipt of a good salary. He had only been married about twelve months previous to the opening of this truthful sketch, and hiad drawn a prize from that eternal lottery, matrimony. I do not mean that the soft goods clerk had married money in the shape of a rich and fashionable bride. Mrs. B afford hadn't a penny save a marriage present ,of a hundred guineas given by her uncle, a sea captain, on the day of her wedding. But if Fanny Belford lacked cash, nature had endowed her with a lovely person and an amiable disposition, a loving truthful heart, and one of the most rosy bewitching faces that ever drove mortal man crazy. I need scarcely add that the young and charming . wife, adored her hus band. Yet I am ashamed to state that George Belford was not happy or satisfied with his lot. The dull monotony of his pleasant home was beginning to pall upon him. He longed for his bachelor friends and the thousand coarse enjoyments in which he and they had once joined. Mrs. Belford took her husband's great coat from its accustomed peg in the hall, add proceeded with-it to the kitchen. Jane, the servant, chanced at that moment to be in close communion with her 'young man9 at the end of the garden fence, and of course, was quite deaf to the repeated calls of her mistress. The young wife knew where the brashes were usually kept, and remembering the old adage, * If you want anything done well do it yourself,' she set to work like a sensible spouse, and began to brush the coat with might and main. : As she proceeded with her task, a letter fell out of one of t'le pockets to the floor. We remember once hearing a sour old bachelor say, that fentiaiae curiosity was the;, bane and «urse of married life. A lady who chanced to overhear the remark enquired what he knew about it, seeing that he had never entered the con nubial state.' Mrs Belford had ho particular weakness for prying into the secrets of her : caro sposo. Yet there lay the letter tempting ' hier. By the look of it there was no reason to suppose it was an official missive by any means, for they have generally a formal, fat appearance. .Not so with 'the epistle on the flpor ; it was a dainty little pink envelope, beautifully scented with otto of roses, and the address was unmistakably the, penman ship of a lady. Fanny Belford caught up the note and thrust it back again from whence it came, and with female inconsis tency drew it forth the next moment aud began to scan the address carefully. *Yes, this is my husband's name, but why did not the sender direct it here instead of to the office?' muttered she, with just the ghost of suspicion darkening her fair face. * Of course George can have no secrets from me now, therefore I will read it.' The note was not a lengthy one, and Mrs. Belford was soon mistress of its contents. Yet the purport of it seemed very unplea sant, to judge by the deep frown which settled on her features, and changed its every line from smiles to sudden pain. 'Can this thing be possible ?' she ejacu ted, crushing the ietter in her small hands convulsively. ' Oh, my husband ! You, whom I thought so manly and honorable! yoij, whom I had been content to serve and wor ship as a demigod — who filled my whole b^ingand my soul! Pshaw!' she added, suddenly changing her mood,, and stamping her foot in passion, 'Have I been such a toy, Ruch a silly baby,, that this contempti ble— this — tliis' ' ' She broke down into a passionate fit of weeping. .By and by the torrent ' is stilled, but her mood is the same, for she sits staring at some imaginary far and away beyond the City of MeHourne. Presently she became-inore collected,' and as if prompted by some sudden re solution, the young-wife 'spread out tHe letter, anil iiaetiiy made one or two notes from it* contents; then replacing the hated epistle again in the pocket of the coat, she went slowly upstairs. , Her. husband was ready for bis journey when she entered the room. . ; I What is the matter, dariiug ?' sai4 he .. quickly, putting his arm about her, and drawing the slender form towards him. * Why you've been crying, Eanny ?' * Have I?' she replied, coldly, ani in an absent manner. ? *:Hfcve you? Why how strangely you , speakj dearest. One would imagine your husband was going on a voyage of discovery to the polar regions instead ot a few miles by rail. Fie 1 kiss me, naughty puss, and 6ay good-bye.' The young wife held upward her tear-stained face . for the patting salute, but her eyes avoided the face of her husband. * When may I expect your return?' she enquired, in the same cold tone. * Oh, let me see. This is Tuesday ; I shall be back again on Thursday morning. Now it's ;time I was off, j Good-bye, baby.' At the door another kiss, and. George Belford went on his way rejoicing. . It wanted fully au hour before the train started for B — — , the destination of our hero, therefore he did not hurry himself by he way, but walked slowly, as one who was occupied with a scheme, arid had not f ully made up his mind how to act. He reached the railway-station at length, and the train came snorting and puffing to wards the platform. There were very few Dassencers leaviner thecitv. and Geonre Bel ford entered a first-class carriage whose only occupant was a slim lady-like person en veloped in a long shabby cloak, with a thick veil drawn over her face which completely hid her features. The. ringing of a bell, a shrill whistle from the guard, a shriek from the engine, and they are off, whirling through the darkness. Our hero sat staring at the female opposite, and attempted to open a conver sation. ' Fine night.' No answer. 'Nice and cool for this time of the year, don't you think ?' ; j fie waited, hut the lady made no reply. 'The mayor's bail was a. grand affair, I believe,' said George, again coining, to the charge. 'Never saw so much beauty and fashion in my life, or more agreeable com pany.' The lady winced in her seat, as if some thing had suddenly stung her, but held her peace. 'Humph! A proud: unsociable minx; won't speak a word,' muttered Belford, settling himself on the soft cushions. Anoa he drew the letter from his pocket, the contents of which ran as follows : *My dear George— I have not seen you for an age, and you have not answered iny last two letters. I have teen over tb.3 Border on a visit, and only returned last . week, Clara Hihdmarsh told me she had Heard you were marrieo, duc a qo not ueiievs it. By-the-by, there is to be a grand ball at Checkmated 2 Madame D ? -'s on Tuesday, next, and I have made up my mind to be there. Come up. and take me, there's a dear boy. You can take the 8.30 train, which reaches here ai little before 10 o'clock. Henderson, at the 'White Horse,' will lend you a buggy, and you can drive to the store of Uncle Pascoa, High-street, where I shall await you.— Yours vfery sincerely, Geba3ldine.9 When the train arrived at B — George Belford hurried from the station, and having gone some distance on his way, suddenly remembered that he had left hi3 cane (a. valuable one)behincl him in the train. He j 1 iirriedly retraced his steps to the railway station, and discovered to bis chagrin that lie train had continued its journey. Having eceived a promise from the stationmaster rhat he would telegraph respecting the missing property, our hero made his way ith all haste to the White Horse Hotel, and ade application for a buggy. 'Very sorry, sir,' answered the smiling host, rubbing his rough fat hands together * A parly hired the trap only a few minutes tince, and we hav'n't another about the place/ ; The soft goods clerk left the hotel mutter ing; anything but a blessing on the miserable place whose chief house of entertainment could boast of only one conveyance. There was one comfort, it .was not very far to the shop of old Pascoe, and thither he directed his steps. As he emerged into the broad thoroughfare, he noticed the gleaming lamps of a vehicle drawn up close to the verandah of Pascoe's house. George Belford's disap pointment vanished in a moment- * Ah, the dear girl has become iinpatieat at my delay, and has forestalled me; it is just like her ; the same wayward, kind-hearted, fascinating rogue as ever.' He hastened onward wita swift strides, and stepping softly under the verandah, caught sight of the outline of a female form standing in the shadow of the doorway. vIt is. her. How I will surprise her/ he muttered softly, and without more ado, lie stepped forward and caught the lady in Ms arras. 'My own darling, I knew it was you/ he whispered rapturously, * this is indeed an unexpected pleasure.' This is bliss unspeakable.3 ' ;. Somehow the lady, although passive, did not $eem to be imbued with the exalted state of our hero's rapture 'Bailing Geraldine, why don't you speak to me?, oh, if you only knew, my pet, how I nave longed to see you, to hear your voice, to hpld you in my arms, and to feel your gentle head, pillowed on my b ? som 1 Oh, my love, my life, you — -' George Belford stopped suddenly, in his rhapsody, and almost fell backward off. the kerb into the gutter; for by the bright light of the buggy lamps he beheld — not the face : of Geraldine — but the .lovely features of his outraged wife ! Had a- swift and 'sudden earthquake swallowed the High-street then and there, and left our friend standing in mid air, lie could scarcely have felt more con founded. 'My own darling, this is an unexpected pleasure!' and Fanny Bedford's blue eyes flashed scornfully. The guilty husband seemed to meditate flight down the street, but changed his mind, and leaned for support against one of' the verandah posts. - . 4 This is bliss unspeakable !' continued the young wife, with mocking irony. ?' It is indeed/ muttered the husband be tween his set teeth. :' Oh, my darling, speak to me !' she went on with biting sarcasm. * Oh, it y.ou, oaly knew how I have longed to hold you in these arms, to feel your gentle head pillowed on iny bosom, to ? ' ' Hold ! stop V cried George, hoarsely, * or I'll do something desperate. I — I feel an uncontrollable desire to slay this unfortunate quadruped that brought you hither, and there - is a strong impulse upon ine to smash the trap into ten thousand fragments. Do you hear, Mrs. Belford, ten thousand fragments !* ' My own darling, my iove, my me r quota the wife, laughing scoruf ully. ? . =? ' Silence, madam, before I murder some one/ ?,:.,,. * Darling Geraldines I knew it was you.!' ? .. . ' *No irore, Fanny; for mercy's sake say no more.' Pleaded the poor fellow, *Otij George Belford, I can never love you a gam- -'after this night/ and the voice of Famvy' grew tremulous in- her bitter sorrow. fVery well, Mrs. B. I hope you will ba happy with a more deserving fellow: I cau only, say, there will be an inquest in- the - course of a lew hours.' Saying which George prepared to move off. , . jStop, sjr ; fyou lorget your wife is out in the open street, in a grange place at mid - night. Be kind enough to assist me into the buggy and, drive me to the railway .station/ * My dear Fanny, I shall be so delighted * Don't dear me, sir. Drive me to the station if you please/ *I feave been very thoughtless and selfish, Fanny/: pleaded George earnestly. * To-night I have committed a base and dishonorable act, .for which I feel heartily ashamed. Believe me the experience of to-night will stand prominently out as a lesson tip ms in the future. I have known Geraldine Selby from my boyhood, but I never loved her as I love you ; and I must confess to you that I feel more in need of your love now than I have ever done fcefore.' * I never can forgive you, George.' 'Not now, Fanny; indeed I dare not ex pect it; but in the future, whea I shall have fully redeemed myself .* Years have gone by, and the repentance of George Belford has been lasting and sincere, but the forgiveness of the wife is not yet. When the husband looks handsomest and bravest there looms out that ugly shadow ' falsehood, ' across her mental vision, dwarf ing him into the most ordinary mortal, for she had given into his keeping the treasure of her never-eDding love, and he hai sworn to wear it bright and pure in his soul for aye. But he had lied. 