PEN PICTURE OF UORD BEACONS FIELD AT THE LORD MAYOR'S DINNER. The great man moved bo slowly towards the Guild-hall platform that everybody had a good look at him, and could judge for himself whether he looked well or ill. . Lord Beaconstield's friends have taken { great pains lately to spread the belief that he is unusually well. They have taken so much pains that I could not hut re collect the remark I had heard from a lady of much wit that she knew she was growing old when her friends began to tell her how young she appeared. Iu truth, Lord Beaconsfield has a right t» the gentle consideration we offer to great age and many infirmities. If I speak of his appearance with brutal frankness, it is because his health is part of the public domain. It is a matter with which the welfare of England is bound up. While his strength and vigour will laBt, his malign influence lasts. A man who wishes well to his country must be ex cused if he notes respectfully, but with particularity, the signs of decaying power in her evil genius. He walked as a man might walk, whose propelling power was due to some machinery inside of him. There wa$ a gingerly stiffness of move-. ment about him, as if he were not quite sure the clockwork might not run down before he got to his appointed place. He leaned on Montague Corry's arm, and leaned heavily. His face was what 1'ta face always is, an impenetrable screen for the restless brain behind it. A few mi nutes later I had a still better chance to study this mysterious countenance. In his place in the procession, which marched from the library into the banqueting hall, Lord Beaconsfield made the circuit of that great room, and it chanced that the pro cession came to a momentary halt as he was near the end of the table at which I stood. I had no more scruple in staring at him that I had in staring at the gro tesque figures of Gog and Magog which haunt the corners of the gallery. Nor was he any more conscious than they of the attention bestowed on him; at any rate, he gave no more sign of it. Not a muscle of his face moved ; they hardly looked as if they could move. He had the Lady Mayoress on his arm. Once he bent to speak to her, and whatever the observation he confided to her may have beep, it was delivered without a change of expression, or a gleam of life in his sunken eye. I never saw a human vis age so Bcarred and scored with strange lines. Not the least strange thing about them is that they are as full of power as they are of fantastic mean ing. The parchment which hides his skull is strained tight aB a drum head over the protruding bones beneath the eyes, and hangs in angular wrinkles just below. Beyond doubt it is a thought ful face, and beyond doubt also pro foundly contemptuous of other people's thoughts. There is a strength in the jaw and genius in the forehead, with a mock ing glitter in bis glassy eye which belies both, which also suggests that he governs. With all that, the face has an immense fascination for the beholder. Lowell said that the Venus of Milo made all other Venuses seem ignoble. This man, with his incomprehensible-mixture of great qualities and incredible flippancy, makes the greatest of liis rivals seem common place. Even Lord Salisbury, who is not unworthy, with his sallow, unfathomable visage, to be^tlia descendant of Burleigh, looks as if his child had found him out.— *Kew York Tribune. Russia's Attempt to Slight Eng land.—Russia had attempted to put a slight upon England by not including her in the invitation extended to all the other European Powers to send officers to witness the coming grand military ma noeuvres. This is eminently character istic of Russia. In peace as in war she is an underbred barbarian. There iB every reasop to believe that England will sur vive the dreadful deprivation ; still, it would have been a little more dignified, even in a Tartar, not to let inter-national bad feeling interfere with the laws of in ter-natioual courtesy. Even in the heat of war opposing generals would never dream of showing any personal discour tesy to each other ; much Iosb would they in time of peace let past hostili ties make them forget the conduct due from one gentleman to another. It is unnecessary to say that the rules which thus govern individuals are more bind ing upon nations. When England had her men-of-war before Constantinople she very plainly invited Russia to advance and witness a grand naval display ; -and, when she had her armies in Afghanistan, the Czar could scarcely doubt that he was asked to take any part he chose in the little game of war going on there. But in neither case did hiB Imperial Majesty, or his Imperial Majesty's ghost of a go vernment, or his Imperial Majesty's peo ple, see the fun of attending these British " receptions." Perhaps, being accus tomed to a cold climate, they thought the warmth of the said receptions might in jure their constitutions. But surely this is no reason why Russia should sulk when she has a little military tea-party of her own. The English were not offended by her refusal. On the contrary, should she again attempt to take Constantinople, or make sneaking overtures in Afghanistan, she would find England ready to receive, not only her officers, but alBO her men, with extended armB—of the latest pat tern,—' American Paper.' Speak well of your friends—of your enemies say nothing. 