INTERCOLONIAL. ; MELBOURNE. Woduosday. jl uwois, aviUtnenoru anu uo., report seven teen hundred and sixty battlo yardod for this days salo— prioos havo deolinod ten shillings por bond ; ulso fourteen thousand sheop, prices firmer with nn ndvnnoo of ono shilling por hoad for merinos orossbrod. Tiieatbe Royal.—" Our Boys" was revivod last night, and wont off - moat spiritedly. Mr. Kennedy's Middlowiek" was ono of tho best porsonations of tho character we havo soon, aud Miss Fatty Holt's Bolinda fairly shook tho houso with lnughtor, sho both looked and aotod the voritablo lodging-house slavov. and sooinod to rcval in tho charaotor. Mr. J. A. Fattorsoh's Oharloa Ohurapncy was n good imitation of tho Dundreary sohool, and took wonderfully with' tho nudiouc. Tho fnroo is a strong one, and will benr ropotition. SonooL op AHT3. — Tho extraordinary illusions praotisod by Carlton's Ghost continue to astonish tho public, who nightly orowd tho hall in largo numbora to witness sights which m-iko them doubt their sonsos. The eutortainmont winds up with a most amusing piooo oalled the " Haunted Hoase," iu whioh, whon a man' opouB a pio, a hoad emerges, and othor equally puzzling and unaooountablo displays of magic ooaur. Tho porformaticos are both varied iuid amuBiag, nud aro likely to attract for a con siderable timo. Benevolent Sooiety.— Wo havo boon oom- polled to omit giviug a report of tho usual monthly mooting of tho Sooioty, owing to tho suddou collapso .of our roportor. . Footdatiis. — Wo soo thnt tho fonoo in front of tho Roads Offico, East-stroot, la boing placed iu repair, and not too soon, for it has for somo timo past boon a disgraoo to tlio town. Perhaps our Munioipal authorities will lay out a few pounds in placing tho footpath reaohing from tho Post Offico to tho end of tho Governmon t reservo in something liko deoont order. Tho path after the lato rain was almost impassible, and yester day pnssongors proforrod tho road, a s thoy had a wholosomo dislike of walking tl\rough soft stuff. Petty Debts Court.— Tho usual bi-monthly sittings of tho above Court woro hold. yostorday whon tho following oases wore hoard Unde- fonded : Jensen v. Schuhonhanor, for work and labor, £7 19s. Gd. ; adjournod to next sittings. Robiusou v, Douglas, for cxponsos as witness ; ootitinuod for sorvico. Cheshire v. 14. Ahorn £5 ; coutiuuod for sorvioo. Faoo aud Co. v. j' F. Holt, goods, £1 1 4s. lid. ; vordiat for plaintiff with 10s, costs. Faoo aud Go. v. W. F. Fowlos, goods, .63 I3b. ; vordiot.for plaintiff with 8s. aosts. Jagondorff v. Jurgent-on, goods, £2 l'is. lid.; ndjonrnod to 18th Juno. Defoudod : Goddcs v. Walter, goods, £5 ; Mr. Malbouruo for plaintiff, aud Mr, li„ R, Jones, for dofeadaut. Adjournod till this morning at ' 10 o'olook. Up Country,— Wo'undorstend from tlioso who havo attempted- tho road, thst tho Mao- konzle ishlf bahk highj ahdiuI tUe-oountry boyond is' -'a bog. Ilaihs have boonlroquent and lioavy, and) tbo grass in'Somo pat(s of jlio Maokenzla distriot is beginnlug to oxhibit signs of rotting. Government Auotionbkb. — We - notiao by tho Gazette that Mr. G. 8. Onrtis, tho woll- known nnotionoor of this town, lias boon appointed to tho abovo offioo. Tho Govorn mont aro not suoh fools after all. Illustratrd - Sydney - News. — Tho May number of tho Illustrated Sydnoy Nows enrno to hand by last mail ; r.nd a oapital number it is, full of nows and illustrations ; tho former interesting nnd tho latter olovor (and instrno tiro. Tho " parado of Draught Horses," .'gives us agoodiiibabf tho Syduojr Show, Yards, and of tho stamp of horses oxhibitod ; whilo tho "Eastor Enoampraont " fumishos us with oquslly as oxoollent an idea of what labor civi lized men will andorgo, whan they .pro allowod, IU AUMjwawj a UUUIU) tu (UBiljr IIUUD UU GIUU shouldors ; bayonots .- by thoir sidos, and ' imagino thoy are soldiors; The - viow of tlio. "Tin Minos, of Tasmania" giveB a capital ekotoh of a Hold of industry' of whioh wo havo hoard mnoh, and know nbtiiing; whilo that of tho " Gipps Land Lakes " brings boforo us ono of thoso wild and pioturosquo sosnos whioh fanoy paints, but, whioh is soldoin wituossbd Tho " Citizens Roturn Ball " Ib olovor, and wo oau well itnngiuo how " SiBtor Laura's Dross " must havo asionishod tho practioal mind of, pater familias. " Zulu women preparing for an attaok" and othor illustrations of tho " Zulu War," givo ns u not very aomfortablo improsalon of tho wild warriors who ' undor Oetywayo, aro dofyiug tho powor and tho brecohloadors of Groat Britain. Tho number is altogothor a good ono, and the prioo Is, will not be bogrndged by any ono who invests that sum in tho purohaso of a copy. uatapults. — Ilia rising generation, no mat- tor whether in Europo, in America, or otb„r quarters of tho globo, ore continually indulg ing in soma amusoinont whioli annoys tho gravor and more oldoriy portion of tho obmmu- mty. But of ail thoso amusomonts, not ono is mora abominable than that indulged in just now by our gamins, who, ormod with catapults, are doing their lovol host to out out tlio oyos of Her Majesty's subjects, and ' 'to star pinto glass— shop fronts. It doos not look, well for pollcomon, six foot liigli, to oollar urchins, throo foot two ; but thoro would bo nothing infra dip in thoir taking a catapult from a boy, and at tho same time administering it box on tho oar. Yesterday, as a goutlomon wsb walk ing nlong East-strcot, bo was struok in tho oyo by a pobblo, discharged from a oatapult, in tho opposite Bido of tho way, ia tho. vioiuity of tho Roads Offioo. Had n)t tho irooipient of this favor, at tho timo, BWorvod slightly, to recover his pipe whibh foil from his. mouth, ho would, in all probability, havo boon blinded for over. The young rasoal who discharged tho Bbot, when told that he would be handod over to the polioe, doolared that ho didn't oare, and was as oheeky as are most of tbo Rookhampton boys who havo just been t recphod, - Perhaps our police will bo kiud enongh to look aftor thoso juvonile sportamon, aud givo them a show before thoir P.M. j . , Zulu War.— A tologram.whioh w'o published yesterday stated that a sooond treaty had boeu aoualadod botweon tho British aud Portuguoso Governments, granting facilities for tho paB- so go of the British- trooos aud mnnt'tlnnu ..f war aoroBs Portuguoso territory iu Southern Afrioa— and that it wus cxpootod that tho nr- rangomoht would havo an important influonao, by onahlinS tho British forces to an advanobon Zulnland from tho north,- Yostorday wo' ro- cotved another tolcgram, thnt wo woro to odd to tho first tolcgram " with tho intontiou of at tacking Cotowayo's ronr." This arrangomout will result iu Grout Britain boing ablotopour lior munition into Zululaud, without boing ublo oompollod to go from Port Natal through a uuButu (uuumry, una must tonu to oriug tlio wsr the war to a rapid oonolusion, . .Coming Events.— If tho reports that Mr. Thomson is likely to retire from tne, politionl arena, and that Mr. Davonport is about to join tho Opposition be based on foots, - tho -Govern, moot will reoeivo to two heavy blows in addi tion to tbo oho dbalt thom by tbo defeat of Mr. Pring. We shall not bo surprisod to find that othor honornblo gentleman found it advisable to rotiro on aoaount of ill hoalth, and to walk aoroBB tho Houso, booause thoy cannot play tho part of hypooriteB and true sorviod's. Ministers aobiovod thoir greatness by promising to initiate and follow a certain' lino of policy ; upon the fuith of this polioy boing striotly adhered to, Consticuonbios returned mombors to suppor thom; but now. that thoy havo, oloariy shown liy word and deed, that thoy have not tho slightest iutoutlbn of performing their promises, how is it possible that mombers oan oontinue to adhere to thom, stultify thom-. solves and a mis-roprosjnt thoso who elected thom. It is novortholosB, true that tiiero are houorablo goutlomon who. will nut consider thoir constituents, but moroly look to thoir own immodiato interests. ,Tlio Ipswioh Observer says: — "Wo havo ono little faot 'to bring undor tho notico of our rondors. Tho present- Go vornmont claim thoy do nbt, load': a Squatting party. In tho division on.' Friday night, 26 mombors votod on their side. Of thoso, 14 wero Bquatters — Messrs.-. Palmer, M'llwraith, Soott, Lnmloy Hill, itlorohead, WeldiBludell, Shoaf, Archer, H. W. Palmor, Norton, Stovons Persse, Low, nnd Lalor; two woro largo land owners, Messrs. Bayncs aild Simpson — aud two wero Bquattors agonts, Mossrs. iMnofarlunq, and Kollott. Is thero not something positively absurd for a party so constituted to disolaim tho titlo of Bquattiug Party. A congregation of Afrioan blacks might as woll ' disclaim the name of nogrocs, beoauso a few whito mon hnpponod to bo assooiutcd with them." This is a fiiot ; it is useless to assort that the assertion is untruo, Mr. M'llwraith is attcmptiug to rido rough shod ovor tho Houso nnd tho oountry. Boforo Pnrliamont mot he outraged tho constitution by olooting mon to his Ministry tho oountry would not oountenanco, nnd they liavo, as a oonsequonoe beoomo mere tools in his bunds. What is ho going to do with thnt vory plastic, and imagi native gentleman, Mr. Priug ? Ib ho going to find him a ooustituonoy in tlio far wost, having porfoot faith in him, booauso it plaous its interests far abovo tho interests of tho oolony generally. Tho , present position .of affairs proves that tho Ministry is weak as an exponent of publio opinion ; that its aotion is regarded with moro than alarm,' and that its probable luoveiuonta in ordor to regain publio coufidonoo will bo in somo instances hasty ' and in othors rash. Tho political phaso is peculiar, if not dungorous, and wo must look to tho Opposition to do what the lato Opposition said they did, frame all the useful; measures and rulo tho country. - JUxfensB .-ov Justice.— On Monday last tho man .Colliok was oommittod a oliargo of per jury! to stand his trial at tho sittings of tho Suprenio Court in Rookhampton, to bo holden in Ootobpr uoxt. Tho priBonor was ootivoyod by oosoh from Otormont for Roolthampton on tho morning following his committal. It is said, thnt had tho prisonor boon allowod to remain in Olormont it fow days ho would bavo boon enabled to obtain bail, nnd thus have avoided ilvo months iuonroorntiou. Undor the oiroumstanoos, wo oannot bnt think this snddon removal was somowliat prematura, for howovor .guilty tho prisonor may ho found at his trial, tho oountry will now bo put to tho oxtrn oxponoo for his aost of oonvoynnco, also for fivo months boatd, lodging and washing during I tlio timo ho remains at liookhamptou. — P. D. Advertiser. Rug>gy Accident, — A vory oxtraordinary, aud withal sorions. aooidont ooourod on Satur day night at North Bundaborg. From what I oan loaru, it sooms that Mr. Frew, a railway offioial, was driving in his buggy to town from tho Sovcn-milo, and had como |about half way, whon two horsomon, who must liavo boon, going n good ronnd paae, onrao into oollision with tlio trap. Tho foroo of tho oollision throw Dir. now uyur tuu u«auuuuru, 111s uuuuui ing ontankled in tho under ironwork, nnd ro- mioring hiin poworloss to roionso himself from his awkward position. Two podostrinns oamb up at tho timo, whon thoy -discovered tlio two -nnforunato riders lying in tho road, pretty woll knookod out of timo, and from thoir account (although- it all hnpponod .so tmddonly that thoy could sonroo givo aiiy partioulara) it. sooms that ono of tho mon struok tho swlnglo-bar with his. onklo,- brenkiug his loft log, and striking six inohos off tho bur. Tho horso thn othor man was riding must lmva gono full tilt into tho soat of tho buggy, as tho mnn's thigh wis struok aud hrokou. Ono horso was found, with snddlo, lying in a drnin by tho rnndsido, vory muoh out and bruised. Mr. Frow was found to havo sprained his anklo and to hp otherwi-o soveroly hurt about tlio lioad and 'faoo. It was fortunate for him that tho reinB baoamo twisted round his arm, and that tho suddan jorlc iu falling out ouuspd tlio bnggy horsos to immediately stop, for, had thoy boltod nothing loss than a miraolo could liavo aavod his lifo, Tbo nppcr part of tho trap was utterly dastrovod. so irrcnt was tho foroo of the oollision. whilo an oxtruodinury fact is to bo noted thnt a shoe belonging to one of the Baddlo liorsos was found in tho buggy t Tho unfortunate sufforors of this mishap wero promptly attended to by Dr. ttugdon, and nro now progressing favourably, oxoepting ho of tho brokon thigh, who is an oldoriy tnnn, and with whom, it is thought, the caso will bo a hard ono. — Week. Oolt Poob Relations. — Thoro are now boing exhibited in Goorgo-Btrect, n oouplo oMnrgo and most oxtraordinary-lookiug apos, in somo rospoats singularly human-like, who oling to to oaoh other closely, and rnroly sopnrntc. Thoy aro, wo boliovo tho first of this spooio, whioh havo boon brought to tho colouy from thoir natvo country, India, and nro attrnotiug con- sidorahio attention. ' According to tho kooper tho lfirgor of tlio two animals oi whioh n flattoring and nrtintio likoncsB i- displayed in tho window, lias hands liko a Chiunman ayes as big as a whito man's, and forohoad liko "ourselves." Our reporter, who thinks litmsolf handsomo aud intellectual looking, objoots to boing includod in thorango of tho oollootivo personal pronoun abovo quoted. — Evening News. : The Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race. — A London papor, of -April 5, says:— "Tbo 36th l'aoo betwaon Cambridgo aud Oxford Univorsity orows took plaoo shortly after noon to-day on tho Thames Itivor, ovor tho usual course—Putney to Mortlake, about four miles aud two furlongs. Cambridgo, as was oxpoctod' won onsily, . This is tho 17tli viotory for tho Gnmbridgos, tho Oxford winning 18 timos. Two years ago both orows crossed tho lino on ;evon ; terms. There was little betting to-day. Five to ono on Cambridge was offered, and fix to ono was wanted. The morning oponed warm, with u heavy fog nud west wind, llniu threatening, but about 10 o'aloak tlio wontlior Dooamc urignior, tnougti tho wind was still from an unfavorable qunrtor. Tlio time of tho raoo was 21 minutes 18 seconds. Tho Cambridgo orcw led from tho start, mid tho result was novor doubtful. Oxford woii'tho' ohoioe of position, and took tho Surrey side. At Hnmmorsmitli Bridgo, one milo nnd three- quarters from tho starting-post, Cambridgo was throo lengths uhoad, going ns thoy plonsod, 36 strokes to tho rni- uto. Tho race was virtually ovor nt tho top of Ohiswiolc Eyot, about six'1 furlongs further ou, where Cambridgo was fivo longtks ahoad. Thoro was 'some surf in Corney roaoh, which slaokenad tho raco, and Oxford. steering better, might have oorne up, but the crow appeared exhausted. Cambridgo, rowing Btondily, mnintiiiued the ndvautago, nnd quiok- oniug its stroko to 38 in the last quarter, wbu by six or sovon longtlis. Our Training >Yalls. — Mr, Norton, tho member for Gludstono, has obtained a return- of. the, amount expended in doepeniug the Fitzroy Rivor previous to Mr. Nisbot's report thereon ; tho amount oxpouacd up to tho present on tho works recommended by Mr Nisbet ; nnd tho nmount whioh will probably bo required for tho completion of tlio Btiid) works. The roturn was laid ou the table of tho Assembly .last wook, and it provos to be quite an interesting dooumcnt. From it we learn that £14,355 7s. Gd. was expended iu doepeniug tho river previous to Mr. Nisbot's' report upon it. Sinoe then £35,680 Is. 7d, has boon expended iu carrying out Mr. Nisbot's plaus, exolusivoof tho first cost of tho dredging plant, and that anothor sum of £67,466 lG.i. 2d. is roquirod for tho completion of thoso works, aud another sum of £28,233 4s. for a -training wall, oxolusivo of all tho dredging required to opon tho ohanuol oouourrontly with the construction of tho training walls. This makes a sum of £145,735 9s. 2d. required to plaoo the rivor in a favorable state for dredging cffoQtively, and without eouuting tho cost of the dredging plant. Assuming that tho work oau bo dono for tlio ostimatod amount, whioh would be a inarvol of ooonomy iu a Govorn mont work, and taking account of tho oust of tho drodgo plant, it will require, at tho vory loust, half a million of mouoy to oomploto this lifi<1/irtnlnmv. imrl flinn flm ciw/mnoo m.tl doubtful. - -The Week. Curk for Diftheria.— Iu Cauadu, nnd wo bclievo also in Ooylon, tho followidg simplo remedy has boon adopted with suocossful re sults ; and wo have tho loss hesitation in giving publioity to tho alleged modo of euro sinco it bus already boon tried on a small scale iu thia oountry, uuder tho ndvioo of an English surgeon, nud booauso a fow simplo oxporiuionls, conduotod witli proper precautious, would speedily demonstrate its value. A teaspoouful of "Hour of brimston in a. wine-glassful! of wntcr, oarofully mixod till it is ooupletoly amalgamated, may ho used us a gargle if tho patient is strong enough to udof this romody. In oxtromo oasos, where tlio diBOiiso lias ox toudod too far to admit of tho uso of tho gargle, tlio inhalation ot tho fumes of burning brim- stono, or holding the head iu suoh a way ns to allow thom tu pouetrato to the throat, ia rocommouded, A Canadian surgeon, indeed, has adopted tho extreme oourso of takiug a email quuutity of tlio powdorod sulphur in a quill and puffing it iuto tho threat. Tho oifoot of tho sulphur is to kill tho fuuitus, whioh, by spreading ovor tho throat, would oventualiy sufi'ooate tho pntiont. No harm oan result from swallowing a small quantity of tho sul phur, whioh if appliod ut tho first symptoms of diptlioria, might arrest tho suroad. and affoot tlio early ouro of tho disouso. — Exchange. Very Kind. — The pooplo of Rookhamptou havo been trying a good doal lately to l-niso suffioiont funds for tho erection 'of n Churoh of Euglaiid,.. but lmvo only got as far as tlio foundation, and it nppours likely that thoy won't got nny further unless somo mora Btronuous efforts aro mndo. I would rocom- mond them to mnko application to tho Mary borough pooplo for tho louu of thoir olorgymnn for twolvomonths, nud would givo Odds tho structure would boou bo raised.— JFidc Eaii News. 