SiklOl'lNU OF MONTOOMERY. Fuoji tlio Dubbo ZlwrfrA of, July .4 :ye extract the following nccount.of the shooting, by the polieo,' of 'Montgomery; whilo . the latter ivns. cmionvoring to. oQ'pct his cstapc .t.lit.ii miilnp nnvL-il. hfinitffOIlIOrV. WU8 Wijll- known iii these parts, aiid'tlio'loss of. several horses from tlio district u supposed ' tb "lieke occurred through the kindly nttontion they rccoiTed nt his hnmls > ' On Tuesday last a si-ns.Uional event. Mcirred' \- near Coonnnihlc. ''A 'mail. 1 ntamcil -!'Jnnies' Jlontgomcry, then on bail for horsestealing, was being escorted ; to C'oohnuiblo, -by.Cou- stuble Brown, of 'L'urbnii, who ;< lilid-; dt rested him <m a clnirgo of stealing a saddle, bridle; and breastplate, the property. of' Jauics.lltim- phrics, a resident of Cullengou'll, on ' tlic Oasllercagli. . 'I'libf prosecutor. i(IIiiraphrics) neeoiiipanicd tlie constable and- bis prisoner. Montgomery W-'ent quietly with ibis escort till within uboiit two miies.-uf Coons nible,- when Broiui, seeing it wps.geltiug. dark, and natu rally wishing, to rcaob his destination before nightfall, suggested tiiut" tlicy 'should 'cantor the ieniaindcr of tlio journey. -'This was acquiesced in by Montgomery and. 11 am- jiliries. After a short distnnco had been tra velled, Montgomery pulled up hie horsc and' ...til in Ifwkwn' .KT wrint Ia Iiava n riiflfc Wlf.h you." The constablo replied— ' Oh, wo must "push on;, it's, tirno eiynigh.:to "chat in Cooi- ' namUt" '' .The 'prisoner' tlieh tiuraod round and said, "Now I'va" got yon 'two together, you can get trio' 'out of this." ' Brown 'ah- i swercd, " How can wo get you out of tliis l " and prisoner remarked, " Oh,. you needn't say; anytliing about what I told you " (referring to a conversation nt tlio time of the arrest)! Tlio constable said — "What about sweating the truth and tlio whole truth 1 " and; Mont gomery testily : replied — ". Oh, h . r. .the truth." Brown (who was not at this time nt all frightened that his man would attenqt to escape) 'indignantly said, '?I would, not swear a lio, or run tlio risk of getting .two ' ytarp, to gofctlio best mnn in; tlie colony out . of n six iiiohtlis' imprisonment." Tho coo- A . versaLion for a moment 'ceased.'. Shortly :iif tcrwards ' M ontgoinery, who was riding on -"Sj "Brown's loft, Hu'mpliries being' on his right, > said to tlio trooper, 'hTl|en5 you won't mvear that for mct" (and thq nnswor was, "No; I'll tell tlio trutlirri woii'l swciii-'to get'you' out of it, or lp-get;you'iiiio 'it.'"- 'Tlio words iind boon scarcoly, uttered wlien ho Wfls' struck : twico on tho hack of the Heck by Hit? prisoner with a stick, wlio wiid, as lio dolivoved the ' blows— "Then ' take tlmt," you b— -r.". Brown, who was taken unawares, was stunned; for a moment by tho hulooked-for attack— \- much so, tlmt.ho nearly fell out oMiisYaddle. as soon as. luonigomcry-iiau. soruoio xirown he galloped off into the scrub. -'--Brown, in n' few nionumts' recovered his consciousness, '-and- saw about 130 ynrds 'till', -prisoner ''aiitl liis horso,on the ground, botli'iii tbe nct of rising.' Tbo liiirso, it appeared aftorwar'ds, bad, while; galloping, put liis.'foro foot into hole mid fell down. Brown; when -he snw-thq prisoner in tliis plight, riirihed up-to liim, and c'Oyoririg' ... - liiin with his revolver, called upon him to stand, at tlie'samo- time ordering II umpln ics to catch Montgomery's horse. -Ho did. so, and -i.. -was next told by Brown (ivhb had prisoner still covered by. _ his ravolycr)" to.. put the F \ hsndcutl's on Mohtg()iiiery.' r As sooll" ns tlie prisonerjieard thy purport- of tlio order, ,lic swore hq .iypuljl uot lillow liimself to 'be liaiidenffiwl,. and tbatlie would kill' the pair of them if. fliqy , attempted 'to ' do so. Hum- phries naturally was frightened to approach' him, as lie fully; believed prisonor, being then n dcspemto.mqn,. would attempt to carry liis threats into execution. Noticing Humphries', indecision, Montgomery turned to "Brown' and said; " Lot mo get on "the horse, and I- will go quietly with you to Coonamblc. . I. enmo with you quietly, all day, and I'll go the rcstrof Iho way quietly with you, hut I woii't have tho, haiuleuffs on." Brown repliod — ? " Well, 'get on your horse, and give mo none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horsi , Brown returned his revolver to the holster, and as lio ; did so, tjio. prisonor iinme- .>- diatoly galloped oiT to tlio Castlereagli." Tlio trooper (hrho hod tho handeull's in his hands), threw ilicni &t; the' escaping' prisoner, but " missed liirn. Ab Montgomery redo away, he sang out,' " Catch m'o now, you b , if yon can." ; Brown drew his revolver and. wont in pursuit. ciilHng on prisonor to, stand or he would certainly shoot liim. Tho escapco took , no notice, beyoml . turning round in the iii. saddle anifclaughiiig at tlio policeman. .Browu now thinking to iiitimidato Montgomery — to \- show him that his threats were not "empty ones — lired two shots over his head j but i hoy: had no cllect on tho prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. Ho wont down the bank of tho Castloreagh, followed by Brown. .The troopor's horse hero ran him against a tree, and knocked him out of tho saddle. Brown jumped on to his feet immediately, and again called on to tho prisonor to stand, hui no notico was taken of tlio ordor. Tlifl police man then, seeing his man was likely to cscap'o, took deliberate aim and fired. Mont gomery sang, out, "Olii Holy Ghost, | you shot mis," but ho did not seom to tho trooper as if ho had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, . calling on tlio' prisoner to staud, and again \- would induce liim to surrender. Montgomery, however, was not to be intimidated — ho con-,; tinned his course, singing out as tho shut was fired, "That's two; now catch me, you' wretob, if you can." Brown finding there'- Was rid possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as ho did so, yelled out, " That's threo," pulled up bis: horse and dismounted. Brown rode, up to him, and, hot thinking that lio was hit1 — for. in the dusk 'it was. impossible to- see if his. . shuts hod taken oil'ect— he again called upon imn. co .sui.runui-r, ami luunvgciucry sum — " I've huil enough — you have" shot in'o threc times. I'm killed — I'm killed I " He then stepped Vwayri pace from his; horao, <iuid foil backwards down the bank. The constable got off his hoigr, lifted, tho man's head up the lmnk of the stream, got some water, linthod his face, and told Humphries (who about this tiino rejoined' him) to. rulu 'in .has- ily lo Coonnmblo tor n doctor au.i a spring. cart, as ho believed the'- prisoner was dying, Huiu- phrios'went, as desired, and Montgomery, who UBVor spoko again, emitimied t" bruithe for abhit ton winntcs, slid then expired. Tlio body wns takpn to Gooumnhle, nnd next day a, coroner's inquest was held before Mr. P. Biiiley, district coroner, nnd n jury of twelve. After a- lengthened investigation, wlieu tlie focts its above set out were adduced, tho jury returned tho' fullowing verdict : — " Wo find that tho deceased James Montgomery catne to his death by bullet wounds oceasiouod by shots fired by Constable Brown whilo-in tlio '.discharge of "his, duty — -tlio said JamesMout- gomery being then his prisoner, and attempt ing to escape. And we find siicli BliOuting to be justifiable homicide. AVo are further of opinion that|the:polico ought to (take greater ptfcnutions (n at ouco li.andeufling prisoners, before travelling with them;" Begardiiig-tho; latter.- part of the jury's verdict, Constable Ilruwii had, (previous to his storting with tho j prisoner ill the morning, hnndciified him, hut .Montgomery pitifully begged of liim to tako them bfl', saying lio "would go quietly with 'him, -.-and ljo needn't bo tlie least 'afraid of 'him.'" Acting <in the impulses uf his good nntnre,:tho fconstoblo ncceded to tho prisoner's, request. Tlie deceased, we may note, was 35 years of ago, an able-bodied, active man, oft. I Tin. 'high, j He was a native of the Hawkos- b'ury- 'district. Tlicro is now in .Dubbo Goal a prisoner serving a sentence of six mouths For. attempting sumo timc.-back to effect Montgomery's escape from tlio 1 Coouamble Gaol. j 