OUR: MELBOURNE LETTER. :. ( FKP3! OUK OWN CORItESI'OSDEST:) ,?. . .. .'There is little that is really fresh' to i write about politicB, The Ministry • are fairly . satisfied with the result of . the i division on Thursday night, and think that considering they were attacked on the most vulnerable "point they think themselves lucky to get out of things so well. There is' something said about-a;d'issolu- : tion, but I pay ho attention to it, for in the,, first instance it is well-known that tlie" Ministerialists- will-not consent to it, and secbnijly that the Ministry "would not get it if.-they asked for it. No instance has occurred' when a Parliament has been dissolved, in it« last session. The fact has been established" that there is no change in the Ministerial following, if. we except Mr Robert Clark, of Sandhurst, "who seems to', have "forsaken Mr Berry entirely- On the contrary, Mr Lyell appears to have approached towards tha Ministry. The real onslaught of the Opposition will be made on the budget resolutions. ' Taxation proposals' are always jdangeroua for a Government, and the Opposition have some slight "hopes that they will be able to upset tho Ministry oil'some side issue, so as to be able to go before the country at the general election, a great advantage. "' \--'Should th^^^ the opening of the next Parliament there is no doubt that Mr Lalor will He the ^ aker. It is uukuown at present whether Sir CharlcB Gavan Duffy will offer himself again, or indeed whether, owing to his health, he will seek Parliamentary: honours., ..Qne;thing,.,is certain, that his seat for North Gippsland will be contested by Mr James M'Koan. ;s: -This remind? ine^ that an member tells nie that tliero is a vascohange in tho lastseasion-of Parliament): achange w" canonlybe'undersiood'bythosewiio in the charmed circle. The fri ships:of the:pa8t' grow cold,: tile officers the House become more independent, the Speaker and Chairman of Commi'' are less complaisant. Oyer the hangs an, ominous cloud," on wli pears as if written in letters, o You: may:never..sifchere .again !',' < .! • An • amusingincident -happened othefday tMi gentleman whose.c,-'= ,:is ..rather: undecipherable, t 'He,? order or sbmething:of ,:that lnnd. , sently..a gentleman came to liim paper and presented ib to him. " the is this 1" cried he ; " I can' a word of it." Well if you can't it,"said tho other, "no one can, foi are the writer !".-.: This , reminds me.: < even richer instance. A gentleman : is a ledger keeper in one t of the k once, when pretty "well on" '»• cheque to a publican he:knew. N' ? :o consciousne that Tommy ti only ascend ' . it-hit; • - She ; left;for Ipswic •hat night. • A hen-pecked husband who . tho letter devoutly wished that he mmy when his mother-in-' a visit ! as been " laid I who imposed-, upon the" who is now exhibiting the " the Woods" in Bourke-street. -This' poor •man hnows • nothing of our currency/ so certain creatures" who have Provincial and Suburban Bank notes passed tho.m ou him, contributing sixpence to the show. I Now, to make matters worse, the Indian's /assistant robbed, him, and was successful I ,„„;,„, lho noteS) a]1()win!; that 1)C , as might be thought, he has had to retire into Mr " which , when spunded. treekee. ild not „ , caUed himself Samuel Davis. "As for the taking of notes at that show in futur:e, tlie response of the " poor Indian" will be, " uo gootee." • This reminds me of ' another capital stpry about the Provincial and Suburban A seeuy-looking individual went of a Child of Israel to sell a. •aelite examined it jvitli -the' andaudderilydiscovered hat a bank note had worked ita.way into • the lining. Concealing his joy, he asked the vendor what he wanted for the coat. Thirty shillings," was the reply. " Mein Gott!" screamed the Jew, "be careful, Pye got the heart disease, aud I shall drop det if youfrighten me that a vay." However, the. seller was firm, and eventually a bargain was struck; the owner of the coat receiving a pound and going away happy. The Jew then went at once to work and got out tho note. It was a Provincial and Suburban. The way that son of an ancient race cursed was a caution. He had on-his hands a coat worth teii shillings and a note which might fetch . half-a-erown. However, he lives in hopes to pass it on a customer or a cabman. •A gentleman of penurious habits recently gave a ball to celebrate an event in his existence. A hall was hired, but he did not think it the correct thing to go dowti until late, and then he found his guests, waiting outside in the cold and rain, the hallkeeper refuging to admit anyone until the money was paid. Then when the ball was epened,.everyone had to send for their own refreshments; and finally a collection was made for the waited So the story goeH, and if true it beats: Flannagan's ball, of Irish ballad fame. ; The novelty of the week in the theatrical world was produced on Saturday night at the Opera House. It is a play by Byron, entitled '{The Girls." The plot deals in the fortunes of two girls, whose parents have married when in the widowed state, and who grow up together and choose different husbands. The acting was capital, and'I will give a fuller notice next letter. At St. George's Hall, Professor Pepper produced a new illusion called " Metempsychosis." By means of the mirrors which produce the ghost, illusion, the Professor is able to, as it were, cause men and women to eome,out of space or nothing. It is a wonderful effect, and cannot be realised without being seen. It is far cleverer tlian the ghost illuaion. COMPAHATIVE LONGEVITY.—Jlerr Max Waldatein, of the Statistical Department at~Vienna, has published a pamphlet giving sbme curious statistics as to. the ages of the mh'abitants. bf Austria .and ..other. parts of Europe. He says that the number of people in Europe ' who'are up wards ;of- ninety years oM 102,831, of whom 60,303 are women. Of those who are over a hundred years of age there are 241 women and 161 men in Italy, 229 women and 183 men in Austria, 526 women and. 524 men- in Hungary. There are in Austria lj508,3S9 persous over sixty years of age, comprising 7 - 5 per cent, of the whole population. It.is found that the percentage of old people is muoh higher among tho Germans than, among the Slavs. Iu the German provinces of Upper Austria and Salzburg it is ll - 5, while in Galicia it is only 4. In Hungary there are more old men than old women, which is explained by the fact that the excess of women over men is less in Hungary than in "" Herr According ti re in Auatria 100 • old, 41 women and 37 k Lived and one, and 88 women and 60 men who are upwards of one hundred and years pf age. 