THE T0WH. The P. and O. Co.'s steamer Siam, with the November mail from London via Suez, arrived at Albany on Wednesday at four o'clock a.m., and left again at ten minutes to twelve a.m. She may be expected to reach Hobson's Bay during Monday night. A telegram from home announces the loss of the steamer dominion with over 200 passengers. She was a screw steamer of a little over 3000 tons gross register, built at Dumbarton by Messrs. M'Millan and, Co. for the Mississippi and Dominion Steamship Com- pany. . The Christmas holidays to the civil service have been increased by the addition of Satur day next, according to the practice of former years, thus giving four clear days. A Gazette notice was issued on Tuesday, declaring Satur day, the 27th inst., to be a bank holiday throughout Victoria ; and Monday, the 29tb inst., being the day on which the Bairnsdale Regatta will take place, has been gazetted a public holiday in that district. We are desired to direct attention to the fact that subscriptions are now being received by the German Consul and other members of the committee appointed at the meeting held on Monday evening towards the testimonial now being raised in recognition of the courage displayed by Mrs. Boldt, wife of the master of the Germau vessel Moorburg, on the voy age from China to Australia. This appeal is made principally to German residents, but subscriptions will be received from all desirous of expressing their admiration for remark able female heroism. The P. and O. Company's steamer Tanjore, . with the present month's mails, took her de parture yesterday from the Alfred Graving Dock Pier, Williamstown, and, although not taking many passengers, had a very large number of visitors to see her off. On this occasion she is commanded by her late chief officer, Air. Moody, who has received the temporary appointment in consequence of the severe indisposition of her commander, Captain W. H. Fentiman, which has necessitated his remaining on shore for a time. The Tanjore takes, in addition to twenty-two boxes of specie, valued at £6000, from Sydney per Avoca, gold and specie from here to the value of £88,016, made up as follows : — 3 boxes containing 3340 sovereigns, 21,168 oz. 7 dwt. 11 gr. of gold. We have to announce the death of Air, John Carre Riddel!, an old colonist, and a gentleman who for many years took an active part in politics. He died on Monday at hi3 residence, Elsternwick, in the 71st year of his age. Air. Riddell was a -native of Ayr shire, in Scotland, hut came out to the colony in the early days. He prospered here, and be came possessed of considerable property. He first entered political life in 1860, and for many yearn represented West Bourke in the Legis- lative Assembly. During the time of the Darling grant controversy Air. Riddell under- took to form a Ministry to supersede the Al'Culloch Government, but did not succeed. Throughout bis Parliamentary career he was identified with the squatting and Con servative party. Air. Riddell was defeated at West Bourke at the general election in 1877, standing last on the poll. A successful all-day Christian conference meeting was held yesterday at the Young Alen's Christian Association rooms, Melbourne, commencing in the morning at ten o'clock and closing in the evening at nine p.m., with intervals between for rest and refreshment; the refresh ments being provided on the premises. The object of the above meetings is to utilise public holidays for the furtherance of Christian truth. The subjects were as follows : — From ten to eleven, Aly Father and your Father, John, xx., 17 ; eleven to twelve, Aline Elect in whom my soul Deliglitelh, Isaiah, xlii., 1 ; twelve to one p.m., The Spirit from on High ; Isaiah, ''xxxii., 15\. Afternoon: Two to three, Meditation, Joshua, i., 7, 8 ; three to four, The Prayer of Faith, Mark, xi., 23 ; four to five, Dead into sin Alive unto God, Romans, vi,, 2; five to six, Heart, Purity and Waiting, Alatthew, v. 8; 1 John, iii., 3. Evening : Seven to eight, Thou shalt Remember — Retrospect, 1879, Deut., viii., 1-10 ; eight to nine, Righteous ness, Peace and Joy in the Holy Ghost— Pro spective, 1880, Romans, xiv. 17. The con veners wero the Revs. H. A. Langley and H. B. Alacartney, junior. The principal speakers, in addition to the conveners were, the Deane of Melbourne, the Revs. Bunning, Clarke, Zillmann, Yule, Porteus and Mr. Spurgeon. The largo room of the hall was crowded, espe cially in the afternoon and overling. The addresses wero listened to with deep interest. Notice wa3 given of a week of united and universal prayer at the commencement of tfi# year, 4th to 11th January,' ' Air. Graves, M.L.A, has sent to the Cffimf Secretary the resignation of his positions? sk chairman of the police board and. industrial school inquiry committee. ; The Orient steamer Aboncagua, havihgsnpi- plemented her cargo here by abontr 2QQO baleh of wool and a quantity of other colonial pro-' dnce, embarked her passengers' on Dec. 24; and left the Bay for London at four o'clock. The Commissioner of Railways on Monday, "appointed Messra. Ponting,' Moss and J. B. Johnston members' of a board to inquire Into all appeals from the employis of thd Railway department pending the passing of a hill to accomplish the objects of the Victorian Rail ways Employed Association. ' Two respectable young women \yerc attaclceil by larrikins on Sunday night as 'they were passing along Hoddle-stTeet after evening service. The young ruffians demanded monby, but, getting none, they forcibly took an .um brella from one, and then, fearing her cries would bring help, they made off. Unfortu nately no one was about just at the time. . Owing to the heavy passenger traffic, caused by tho running of holiday excursion trains;1 the Railway department is unable to make any immediate provision for the conveyance of school children to' the Geelong Exhibition,1 It is intended, however, to make the same concession to Geelong as was granted to the Ballarat and Sandhurst exhibitions ; and as soon as the usual Christmas holiday traffic has been, 'got over, the running of special trains for .the accommodation of sohool children will be commenced. The first of these trains- to Geelong will probably be run on the 15th d£ January. ! In accordance with their annual custom the officers of tho department of Lands and Agrij culture have subscribed for the purpose of pm?/ chasing toys and Christmas gifts for the chil dren of the various charitable institutions The sum of £28 has been collected, £11 of which was given to the Protestant Orphan Asylum, £6 to the' Hospital for Sick Children and £5 10s. each to the director and superioress! of the Catholic Orphanage, for the purchase of presents for the boys and girls of tho institiu tions respectively. It would be well if 1 tha other departments would follow this good example. j The building committee of the Melbourna International Exhibition, mot in the Town Hall on 19th Dec. Mr. A. K. Smith, occrfj pied the chair, th other members present being Messrs. Bowen, Billson, Douglas, Caseyy Langridge, Murphy, Richardson, Pigdon and- Vale. Since the previous meeting the committee had visited several private houses and public buildings in order to satisfy theiijjj selves as to the ability of the various ten derers to carry out the decoration of the Ex hibition buildings. The committee visited,' amongst other places, Mr. Joseph Clarke's residence at South Yarra, superbly decorated by the English firm of Messrs. GilloW and Co. Air. Clarke entertained the com? mittee hospitably, and afforded the mem-j bers every possible facility for view ing the decorations in the different rooms. Subsequently the committee visited the Richmond town hall, where they were received by Mr. Lancashire, the mayor, and conducted over the building, lately decorated by Air. S.' H. Roberts. After calling at one oi? two otber places, the committee terminated their inspection at the private residence of Mr. Louis Gerschell, Rathdowne-street, Carl ton. At the meeting yesterday it was derided to accept the design.of Air. John Alather, the artist who has decorated the houses of Messrs, W. K. Thomson, Gerschell and others.' The. accepted design shows that the best efforts of the artist will be made in connection with the'! dome of the great hall, the finished appearance of which will he very fine. The amount of the' tender is under £5000. ' '9 