CHAPTER LXY. ' HYSTERICA. A El Arielle finished her etrange rooital, uhe clung to her iriond and shook again as with | an ague fit, Net waa muoh amazed, not so muoh by the vision itself, vrhioh she explained mentally upon natural grounds, as by the effect it had had oa Arielle, \- Wall, my dear, what happened noxt F" she inquired, thinking' it beat to encourage the tonifiod girl to talk and got the whole Bubjeot off her mind. V" Oh, then, Net, as soon as the awful vision vanished, I reoovered my powers oi (motion; £ started up, sprang out of bed and . ran to you. That is all. I feeLbetter now, since I have told you. Oh, Net, what do you think of UP" piteousiy inquired the trembling girl. \ftet iueming did not answer for some moments, but then Bhe said, depreoatlngly; . " Don't you see, my dear, that this was only a dream P While you were lying there so quietly, so' reatfuily, as you desoribe yourself to have been, you unoonsoiously dropped asleep, though perhaps only for a moment, and dreamed all this." ." No, no, no, I did not, Net! Ob, Net 1 how very, very hard you are to oonvinoe. But perhaps you have never in your life seen a supernatural form or heard a super natural voice P" , "No," replied the sound-bodied and souud-minded little woman, "I never have." "Well, then, of oourse it is no use talking to you I I might as well talk of light to a person born stone Wind, or of musio to one born stone deafi X don't blame you for your inoredulity, Net." . "'No, nor do I blame you for your illusions, dear," smiled Net. . The mantel olook struok eight. Net slipped out of bed and unlooked the ohamber-door and rang, her bell, and then returned to bed, for the room was very oold. Nelly Laoy oame in and made the tire. And the next minute the two ohildren burst open the nursery-door and ran in, in their night-gowns, and olimbed up into little maminam's bed, all unoonsoious that she had a oompanlon. : j "They are enough to put all the ghosts of Gehenna jto flight} are they nobP" laughed Not, as sho returned their caresses. " Hush I oh, Irnhl" breathed Arielle; in an awe-struck tone. When the fire had warmed the room the friends arose. Lady Arielle went baok to her own oharaber, where she found another bright five, and her maid Luoy Laoy in attendance. Nelly Laoy took the ohildren baok to the nursery and dressed them. Not made her simple toilet, and went downstairs to the breakfast parlour,' She was soon joined by her hostesB, who, on entering said: " As we are alone. I have sent Laoy to tell Nelly to bring the ohildren to breakfast with us, I know that they have been accustomed to breakfast with yoi*> I forgot to do it earlier, and only thought of it when they oamo bursting in upon us upstairs." " How kind and thoughtful you are, dear Arielle." "I man to be kind, but indeed I am not thoughtful. If I had been I should have had theso ohildren at table with, us ever sinoe Lord Beaudevcre and Vivienue went away. All, no I-But here aro the ohildre'n." They all sat down at the table, and lingered over the breakfast until the olook struok ten. " Only $wo hours now, dear Net. Surely -surely-if all is right, thoy will be here in two hours 1" exolaimed Lady Arielle, as she put hor hand through Net's bended elbow and leaned thereon, walking up and down the hall-for Arielle was too restless to sit down! But they had not to wait until noon for news. At half-past eleven, while the two friends were sitting in the smaller drawing-room in tasteful morning dresses, waiting with almost breathless impatience for the arrival of the expeoted visitors, Adams, the ladies' footman, entered with a note on a silver salver, which he handed to the young lady, saying i "A groom from Oloudland brought it, my lady." "Well, take him to the servants' hall and give him some refreshment while his horse rests," said Lady Arielle, scaroely able to ourb her impatience until the man loft the room. Then, with beating heart and burning oheek, she tore open the note, which she Baw was in Vivienne's handwriting, and she read it, while Net watohed her anxiously. Vivienne's little missive was as follows» "OLOUDLAND, 10 th Deoember, 18-. " MY DBARBST ARIE&LB;,-I write to save ou some hours of useless anxiety. My rother arrived at Miston Station in good health early this morning, and was met by Beaue, " But, alaok.a-day I as the old folks used to say, be was subpconaed as a witness upon some disturbance that occurred on the train, and had to go baok to some station to testify. "Beaue went with him, and sent the oarriage back, with a note for nfe by the ooaohman to tell mo of this, annoying contretemps, and to say that I must not expeot them baok until late to-night. Did you ever hear of anything more provoking in your lifeP I have no words strong enough to express my disgust and abhor renoe of this state of affairs. " I .shall sit up for them to-night, and send them both up to .see you early to morrow morning. And in the meantime, with love to Net and the ohildren, I am your own VIVIBNNH." Arielle read this over to herself, and then read it aloud to Net. "Now, is not this the most vexatious thing that could possibly happenP It really makeB me feel ill. f can appreciate now the old proverb that saysi 'Hope deferred maketh the heart eiok.' My heart is siok, Twenty-four hours morel Oh, dear Net! Couldn't you chloroform me, and keep me under the influenoe of that pain-killing drug until this time to morrow morning P" she inquired, with a piteous look in the faoe of her friend. " It is very trying, I know, dear Ajielle; but you must be brave and patient. It will not seem so long. The day is already half spent, the night you will sleep away, because you did not sleep last night, and to-morrow morning you will have nothing to do but to expeot your visitors," said Net, hopefully, Arielle sighed deeply, thinking within her own mind that if Bhe oould feel oertain Valdimir Desparde had not been so false to her as to have married another woman, and if it would not be so unmaidenly, she could find it in her heart to take Net and go to Oloudland to share the vigil of yivienne, and so meet Valdimir half a day sooner. She controlled this passionate desire so completely that Net did not even suspeot its existence. But the day passed very heavily with Arielle, who could settle horBelf to nothing. When bed-time oame Arielle said to her friend i "Net, dear, I am really afraid to sleep alone. I wish you would let me share your room this one night. Should I disturb you, do you think P" " Why, no, dear I I am usually a vory good sleeper, not easily disturbed. How should I bo when I have been acoustomed for the last four years to sleep between two kioking ohildren? I shall bo glad of yourl company." So that night the two girls slept together, and slept soundly until morning. They arose blithely, too, and soon after breakfast they began to look for their .*Qn89<Mor visitors, iWlMWW---IIMMM--a-MM I But another disappointment awaited them. Again Adams appoared with a little cream-coloured note on a silver salver. Arielle grow dizzy as she took it and tore it open. It oontained only a few informal lines, as follows: "Beaue is a fox, an old fox, a sly old fox! *io did not inform mo yesterday morning of the nature of the disturbance that detained Yaldimir And last night he oame home without my brother, And when I brought him to bay he had to oonfess that Yaldimir was personally interested in that 1 disturb ance that in potat of faot, said ' disturb ance was oaused by my brother's having been robbed while in the railway earriage, of the most valuable family jewel in his possession! a jewel worth all the landed property in the family. I suppose it is the great historical diamond called ' Siiius.' J thought that jewel was safe in the vaults oousin's banker. How careless of Yaldimir to carry it about him. " I will tell you this: If ever it should oome into my possession-whioh is soaroely possible^*! should sell it to some sovereign with more oash than common sense, and invoBb the price in solid real estate, with a sure title that oould neither be lost nor stoles. "Well, Yaldimir has gone baok ever so far on his traok in searoh of this- stolen jewel, and will not return until he haB recovered it. " Beaue says that there is so doubt it will be reoovered. A jewel of suoh trans oendant worth oannot long be lost. "Beaue only came home to relieye my anxiety, and went baok thia morning to sc\join Yaldimir and assist in the searoh. "I am laid up with a dreadful cold in the head, caught through standing out in the n)£ht air watching tor Yaldimir. "Take warning by my fate, and don't watoh. \ " Love to Net and babies. " Your own " Viyisnwa." Arielle read the letter, and passed it over to Net, without a word of oomment, but with a look of comio despair, if suoh a term be allowable. She waB very far from suspeoting the gravity of the matter that detained her lover. Net in turn read the letter, and passed it baok to its owner, only Baying t "It is tho fate of Tantalus."" The footman who had brought in the letter stood waiting orders. " Go, Adams, and bring me the mom- i papers, . If that robbery took place night before last, there must be some notioe of it in this morning's Timet." "Beg pardon, my lady, but no papers have oome this morning," replied the man. "Why, how is thatP' It is one o'olookt They should have been here before now I" "They have not oome, my lady." , " Well, go i and as soon as they do come bring them to me. Yot stay I , I must write a line of acknowledgement] to Miss Desparde. I did not reply to her note yesterday," added Arielle, In an aside to 9% flat d6wn to a writing-table near the nreplaoe and soribbled off a hasty note, very guarded, however, in its wording, not by any moans exposing the extremity of her own anxiety and impatience, but only expressing her own and Net Fleming's sympathy with Vivienne's disappointment' and indisposition, and their hopes of her brother's speedy arrival and her own happy recovery, She read this letter also to Not and then sealed, direoted and despatched it by Adams to Miss Desparde's waiting messen ger. All that day Lady Arlello waited and watohed for the daily newspapers that failed to oome. She did not know that her guardian had oaused them to be stopped, lest they should shook her with th'e news of Yaldimir Desparde's arrest on the dreadful charge of murder. She-blamed the unluoky news-agent, and donounoed him in no measured terms. ' Jobson has a monoply at Miston I He is too independent! He negleots his business! There should be a rival estab lishment there, whioh I should certainly patronise! The idea of his neglecting to send the papers to-day I" she exclaimed, for the twentieth time. Not laughed. "Poor Jobsonl" she said-" any one of a dozen aooidents may have happened to prevent hla sending the papers. And as to bis ' monopoly, it hardly puts bread enough in hia hungry children's mouthsI I wish you oould see them, poor things!" " Oh, Net, I am a selfish wretch, and all my goodness is not skin deep I The minute anything orossea me I am bad! That is, I mean, I find out how bad I am I" said Arlelle, half-lightly, half-penitently. Net did not contradict or flatter her. It was not Net's way, and then, at length,^something happened j but it was not wnat they had expeoted. 