LA TING THE CORNER STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Ok Tuesday afternoon, at five o'clock, in the rnseoceofnearlya thousand persona, thecorner stone of tie new Cfanreh of England was laid by Bishop Stanton. The rev. gentleman was assisted by Bishop Hale and the Rev. Messrs. Diggens, Meeres, and Waiter. At five o'clock precisely the choir, under the I— -k^T -* *t- Kewcombe, organist, approached the awning placed over the stone, singing the hymn Winning, 'On- ward, Christen soldiers.'1 tbe Rev. Mr. Diggens and Bishop Hale then read the prayers appointed for tie occasion, and after singing Fa. exxn, Bishop Stinton ap proached to palkain the iiuiman. The stone baring been raised, Mr. G. Sandrnwn lam m » cavny -* w's mpjKnyuig bimk a bot^ containing cotks tor yesterday of both local newspapers, and embedded ft id cement Mr. F. Scut, architect, presented Bishop Stanton with a earner trowel and anuet, wOn which when Hie atone was laid in its place and levelled he pressed the mortar and tipped the stone, saying tbe words, 'In the tanW Jesus Christ we place this stone, m the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He then declared the stone bid, and said that the work had gone thus far forward, and required only their offerings to complete it which be busted would be as liberal as liberal hearts conld makethem. There was, however, no time to be lost; and be trusted die church whose comer atone was now bud would be an oma ment to the town, a credit to the Church, and a comfort to those who helped to bond it. A large number of '*™p were then placed upon tbe stone, tie money amounting to £30 17s. Id. Tbe hymn, 'He Chnrch'eonefonndation,'' ctoded with thTbenediction raonaunced by Dr.Hale. THE OOKVEB&AZIOSE.; the ball of Hie School of Arts, which was tastefully decorated for tbeoccasiDn. Storeo scopic views and an electric battery afforded amusement, and a promenade was kept up throughout the evening. The gathering was so numerous that tbere was not comfortable walking room, yet a pheasant social feeling pervaded the meeting, and all seemed to enjoy themselves. Refreshments were pro vided for in tie committee room, and there seemed to be a good d-r— ^ for tiie various ifoli'*P'*«M» *»f «*»? j-nwff^rinworg art. The choir and ladies and gentlemen sang several pieces of music very tostefally, whieb added much to the enjoyment of the meeting. Mr. Kewoomhe, «^Miwrf^ ?iM«tiHip»ii^J on tzve piano. tn one of tiie intervals of music, Mr. Diggens nrtrortnwd to the meeting his lord snip tiie Bishop of Brisbane. Dr. Hasje said it aflorded him very great pleasure to be present at sncha meeting, and to think Oat now Ok great work of budding the new church had been fairly begun. He who was able to lead them in the good work they had undertaken. He had brought other good men also with him, who would be bated in the district, and whose labour he trusted would be attended with the Dirine blessing. He was sorry his stay was io ebort, and Oat be bad to part that evening with his reverend brother of Northern Queensland, boi he looked forward to tiie time when he would see him again in Brisbane, and especially to tiie time when they would be desired to con oecrate the bauding wfaicn had been begun that day. (Applause.) After a short interval Mr. Diggens intro duced the Bsbop of Northern Queensland, Dr. SiLstos said be thought Mr. Diggens had been acting tbe part of tbe showman that evening, and had been tijl4tpt*'r tir^™ off one by one. (laughter.) After the exquisite music they bad listened to. be felt some hesi tation in attempting a solo. He wit nessed tiiat ?w«jjip with delight — in fact, he conld not give adequate expression to the feeune of pleasure with whicb he regar ded it. He had been eoing about with his dear and rev. brother tbe Bishop of Brisbane ; and he would teU them frankly that when be first thought of it be entertained certain mis givings as to the result. Around one bfanwp there was generally thrown a halo of solemnity that often drove every smfle from every face; but when two bishops got to gether - (Unghter) — he mast say be regarded tbe prospect with alarm. Hefaeueved there was an electric battery at the other end of the room, judging from the acreams that frequently proceeded thence. WeD, when one hand was pot to the wire rt was bad enough, but vbenWi hands were on, the whole body was shaken. Therefore it was with some nneasiness that he bad joined fate brother; but he must say Oat wherever the two of them went they were reached with more amues than usual. The speaker then related an amusing anecdote of his college rooms at Or&rd;, which were so situated that students going op to the lecture rooms, frequently gathered and imiiml it into a waiting room, which was not very agreeable. Rockhampton was srtaiatwl somewhat similar. Hecoold not go to Bris bane or Sydney without passing Keppel Bay. ?al boUrp^uraUy an7geagrapn£jly tins place was on the high road to the northern diocese. With regard to the church whose ear ner atoneihey had laid to-day, of course itwould rise rapidly, and crest credit was doe to Mr. Dfcgens for this bopefnl prospect. He might congratulate the congregation on having aueh aTearnestand enegetk man for their monster as Mr. Diggeos, and he might congratulate Mr. Diggens on being placed over each a church aTtbat of Roekhampton. Ukeagood Gbang pair of gloves, ttey were suited to one another. (Applause.) Tbe other day, when they were coming from Bundaberg to Una place. Dr. Hale and be were in a buggy, and as the .creeks were awoDen they bad smne -Jiflii'iHl* in idling an jihvi. One of these they managed to get through, but there wasaBtiffisbutiutof about six feet on tbe other side, and the hone, with whom he con fessed he bad a feeling of sympathy, absolutelv trfmed to go up. They looked aliaiiMl, and presently their situation attracted the atten tion of aome sturdy friends who, some with their shoulders to (he wheel, and others in the shafts, came to taor miH — « and with a posh, and a above, and a pull, ap they went; and they eoold have !one up twenty feet with the same power; and although this church had stock a little in the mnd at first he had no doubt that they would work ahoaMer to shoulder for tiie future and tiie work would proceed to an early camplriwr.. The speaker then referred fa the happy scene the man m ? twi aadtoba correspondence «?* «™*- ?» &?£*«»*. emetaany the ccnUeman who consoled by Eayingthatbe was coming out to a wild and cheerless country ;butoSiy that day he had told that eedtieman that no Wsbop could come toanMrelaTpe- bearted,»niorebo«pitable,ora taotB cuftnved ucone. AHWf a few iihUWi bd marks, the revrdoctor oondnded amidat great Several other muaieal selections having been rendered the meeting was brought tea close about ten o'clock. 