A MEMORABLE BEAR HUKT. The British tourist is fond of sport. ITe has heard, even in the partridge fields and pheasant covers of his father's ' esteet,' of the grizzly bears of California. He has sworn that when he conies to America to study the habits of the natives, that he will make the acquaintance of this same grizzly in the Big Trees or the Yosenrite Valley, or some other localities which are inseparably connected in the British tourist's mind with California. A specimen of this class made his appearance at the Washington Hotel, Monterey, New Year's Day twelve mouths ago. He had a London servant with him, and that cockney had in his care, besides shot-guns, fishing roda, elephant traps, &c;, a brace of express rifles, such as Sir Samuel Baker recommends for hunting the rhino ceros in Africa. At that lime 1 was ' en -j^j in «t; lA^ci^aui iiuu profitable business of running a chicken ranch, the hens in which had years ago abandoned the follies of their youth and looked upon laying eggs as a piece of absurd frivolity, quite unsuited to their years and tastes, but devoted them ruinous and intense eagerness. Therefore, my partner and myself did little else but fish and sport, and struggle to support the most voracious lot of barren hens that ever cursed a chicken yard. As the people in Monterey are too lazy to do either one or the other, our energy in these pursuits was regarded by them with a sort of iudolent admiration, and we were pronounced au thorities on all matters of field sport?. The hotel keeper recommended Mr. Diclison (which was not his name) to call on us, and when that worthy came down to breakfast the morning after his arrival, arraved in a shooting suit of the latest and be.st style Le called. We were just starting to try a neighboring lagoon for ducks, when ibis apparition knocked at the door, ' I beg your pardon,' he said, ' but the landlord has told me you would inform me regarding sport in the neighborhood.' My partner, G ? , vras about to speak, when an inspiration thrilled me through and through and I said : ' Big game, or birds r' ' Oh, big game of course,' he replied ; ' a fellow gets birds enough in ibe old country, you know. I came down here ex pressly to get a bear.' ' Private,' I said, turning to my partner, (Private was his pet name), 'l' think we can accouiajddate Mr. JJickson this time. The widow Buelna lost a cow the day before yesterday, and Frank Watson the most truthful man in the coanty. swears he s.-iw the tracks of a grizzly close by the entrance of the canyon.' Mr. Dickson's eyes sparkled, and he de manded when we should start. ' Oh, this afternoon will do,' I said. ' We will meet here at 12 o'clock. I shall engage the services of two experienced hunters — men who have killed more bears in their time than any ten people in the State.' He returned to the hotel to prepare his batteries, full of gratitude and excitement. ' What in the deuce do you mean to do F' asked the private. ' You can't hoax him on any bear business.' ' Since the Lord has delivered him into our luinds to amuse ourselves, we must be pratef ul. Come along, and I'll wake up the hunters.' In a saloon near the wharf I found two team3ters, drunken, worthless fellows they v?ere,~but shrewd enough for our purpose. A doctor, who was fond of collecting Indian curiosities, was next called on, and he lent us two pairs of buckskin leggings, with shirts and other trapper accoutrements to correspoud. Then, after priming the boys well with whisky, we repaired to the house. The natives stared at the teamsters in their f xtraordiuary costume, but, as it was siesta tinjp, werfi too drowsy to ask any questions. Mr. Dickson was on hand, his servant carrying the brace of express rifles, and not ontering into the expedition with any de gree of relish. We formed in line and, man-had to land the bear. Just beyond tb- town is a nnsrow canon where many of thp public picsics are held. This wa3 to be the scene of the hunt. It was thickly lined with brush, on either side, and it ? was sate to say that a bear had not been seen within a radius of forty miles for a period of thirty years, at least. I had sent a young Califor :iii»n ahead to drive into the brush at the head at this canon, a small black cow, which belonged to the widow before mentioned. Mr. Diokson was extremely short- sign ted, and told us that he found it very difficult to recognise even a large object at any dis tance over two hundred yards. On this infirmity depended the success of our hunt. We wera an odd looking procession. The teamsters, walking ahead in their grotesque clothes, now stooping and examining the caM4f '.lacks, listening with the ear close to the ground, and going.through many more ibsiird antics, all of which Mr. Dickson be held with the utmost gravity, aud his servant with increased nervou-ness and dis trust. The express rifles, which looked like a brace of babv camion, and which carried a ball that would hare brought down a bull naie cockney. Preseutly the teamsters fell flat on their faces, and we followed their example. The widows heifer was sighted about four hundred yards away. ' By heavens ! there he is,' said one. 'He!' said the other, contemptuously, ' why, you darned fool, that is the big she bear with cubs we shot at aud wounded last week.'' ' Will she charge ?' inquired Mr. Dick son, trembling with excitement, and reaeh iugforoneof theexpress rifles, which his poor servant, v-sle as a ghost, and trembling like an aspen, handed him. ' That she will,' said the mock hunters ; ' let's all get ready.' ' Where is she ?' whispered Mr. Dickson, ' I cau't see her,' and he wiped his glasses with nervous eagerness. ' You must take the first shot: get to the front,' ssid I. *' But I don't see her,' said the tourist. We brought him a little further ahead. The cow' wiiss moving through the brush and \a- hardly visible, I having only about a -quare foct or so of her dark brown side. Ue raised his rifle and levelled it, and we felt confident that the false bear was as safe as if in her mistress's corral. He fired. The reii'iit was tremendous, and the recoil stag ii«*red him.- The first intimation I had of. the disastrous termination of our hoax was a cry imi'j Ike buckskin pickets. ' Bv the eternal, he has- killed the old woman's cow !' It was too true, incredible as it seemed. Souse viie fate had guided his unlucky ball, and the cow rolled over and over, shot, as we afterwards discovered, clean through the heart. ' Have I hit her ?' he shouted. ' Where is she now ? Shall I fire again ?'' ' Keep steady,' I replied, ' and* let the men go forward, aud, when they report, we will follow. It is no use being exposed to unnecessary danger.' The Private and the hunters, after a pre tended recornitre, returaed with the news that the bear had beei. wouiidcd, but it vra- no use in pursuing her that day. Mr. Dick son was disappointed, but still pleased at having done so well in his first shot at a bear. .Ris servant had fied down the can yon before the shot was fired, and we found him waiting for us at the entrance of the town, and expecting, as he told the people of the hotel afterwards, to see us bringing along the dead body of his master. We had to pay for the cow, aid took a soiemn oath not to engage in any more fraudulent bear hunts. — San Francisco News Letter. Suitor : ' Well, may I hope, then, dear, that at some future lime I may have the happiness of making you my -wife ?' — Charmer : ' Yes, I hope so, I'm sure, for I'm getting tired of suing fellows for breach of promise.' The owner of a pair of bright eyes says that the prettiest compliment she ever re ceived came from a child of four years. The little fellow, after looking intently at her eyes a moment, inquired, naively, ' Are vour eyes new ones ?' Bill Wiggins is a *ery neat fellow. He says he can't spare time to take a bath ; besides, it costs money for soap and towels. We asked him how he managed to keep cleas. ' Oh,' said he, with a highly in ventive smirk, 'I sand-paper myself every Christrcus.' John Henry, reading to his wife from a newspaper, ' * There is not a single woman in the House of Correction.' There, you see, don't you, what wicked creatures wives are ? Every woman in that gaol is mar ried.' — ' It is curious,' said she ; ' but don't you think, John, dear, that some of them go there for relief ?' Prince Bismarck, says London, is ac credited with a pretty fair bon mot. Apropos of the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland with the Princess Thyra, he said — ' There are now in the Banish Royal family two crowns (Denmark and Greece), two half crowns (England and Russia), and it is not surprising that the family wants some smaller change, and takes a duke of the biood.' A Scotch minister once, having an im pression that his voice was only imperfectly heard by his congregation, stopped in the course of the service and asked his hearers if his words were sufficiently audible. A short silence reigned in the* kirk, until at length a ' guid Scot,' in a back seat ex claimed, ' Oo, ay, we heer ye, we heer ye, we heer ye, but it's no muckle to the purpose what ye're sayin'.' ' Jennie, what makes you such a bad girl P' '? Well, mamma, God sent you just the best children he could find, andif they doii'i suit you, I can't help it.' Climatic infi.txenchs are fertile sources of disease. Malaria is a sure, swift de stroyer of human life. But if the system is fortified, it as a bulwark of defence against the aspaults of atmospheric poison. To strengthen the system is to tonify the parts, and stimulate healthy action of the func tions. Udolpho Wolfk's Schikdam Ahomatic Schnapps produces these effects. It diffuses a gentle glow that permeates the very substance of the ceiiular tissues, builds up the organic structure, and thus throws out defiatice to zymotic operation?. — Advt. HOILLOWAI'S OlXTMEXT AXD PlLLS. ? Diseases of the Eo»c!f. — A remedy, wbieh has been tested and proved in a thousand different ways, eapcble of eradicating poisonous taints from uicere and healing ibem up, merits a trial of its capacity for ex\rsc?U!g the internal cor ruptions froa- toft boweiti. On rubbing Hol towaj's OirjtnH'iit repea'erly on ihe abdomen a rafih appears and as it thickens the alviue irri tability subsides. Acting ««? a derivative, this imeuent draw? ro tLe snrfece, releases the tender intestines from all acrid JEetti rs, and prevents iifiamination, dysentery, and pile?, for which blistering was »he old fa«hioned, though *rie raesful freatmr-nt, v.oiy from ite painfulness fiila-n info difuse, rhr n'w-overj of this Ointment vavirg proclaimed a remedy pofBcaing equally derivative, vet, perfectly p?.:'nleit j?owers. 