P#tesi m ttf 4ffet!t. PimmmmiiT h^aw. has made fair pro gress this week. There has been less of un seemly vna^iags tinn formerly, and turn, members show a disposition to settle down to therealworkof tbe session. The Estimates for 1879-80 were tabled in the Assembly on Tuesday, end on the following day die Treasurer delivered his Financial Statement. Tbe policy of the Government is now dis closed, and Has public have an opportunity of fanning their own lodgment span it without being misled by partisan journals whose evident object is to misrepresent the intentions and doings of tbe Ministry. I U wfll be acknowledged by aQ candid pemns I that in the policy enunciated Mr. Milwraitii , baa been thoroughly consistent with himself, and is in a way to cany out in all leading particulars die views be advocated when in Opposition and upon which he and his eoueagaes were returned by the constituencies to the Legislative Assembly aad entrusted by thai body with the government of the country. He has boldly heed the difficulties which stood in bis path owing to tbe temporarily declining stitte of die revenue. Retrenchments in our overgrown civil service have been made where prac ticable with an nnsparing hand, with the object of husbanding oar resources in order to carry on further m-orks with increased vigour. Having initiated a series of reductions in the cart of tbe various Government departments, and submitted proposals to Parliament for pWiig the finances upon a satisfactory foot ing, die way is made dear for tiie carrying out of a bold and progressive policy in regard to public works, and a loan ?f £3,000,000 is proposed to be raised for die purpose. Of this amount, one-half is for the extension of teunk lines of railway, and £300,000 additional for making branch lines. Tbe £1,800,000 for main lines is intended to construct 500 miles of railway, being at an avenge cost of £3000 per mile. The Treasurer says tiie Government are willing to be bound within this limit ae to the rale of cost, and in thus pledging themselves are do not under stand that tbe extenakms are to be carried out in a Ion substantial manner than hitherto ; but die principal enguKering difficulties in die broken comnry near the coast having been already surmounted, and the price of rails and other material having beengreatly reduced, thelinesmaynowbe made at a much cheaper rate tban hitherto, and with good management and by avoiding the errors of tbe past, may be reduced to one- half of the cost hitherto believed to be necessary. Tbe Government in making railways have regard to the increased ralne m-bich will be given to tiie unalienated lands — the property of tbe State, —and confidently look forward to the improved value of that property for the payment of interest on the money employed tn making it accessible by means of railway communication. Branch lines are also pro posed where considered to be desirable for opening up die Crown lands to agricultural settlement and other profitable modes of occu pation. The Marling Downs district is specially mentioned as a suitalde locality for branch lines, and we trust that the Clermont branch will not be overlooked, as it would pass through Crown lands well suite.! for agricultural settlement. Whether any-bnuicii lines are intended for the agrieutaral districts m tbe nuighbouihosd of Brie bane andlnswich, when the lands 4W£ lOlUtmated, 1CB MB Bat tBaOfUMBA, Dl£ Ot ?BCD lOCmmttaBS llWr &IBamACBa; VBamVfi -rf tfajC mawBA benefited by fee runway would pat manes into tke pocket* of tbeaetUmsand other pri rateland- owneo.sarfdiestatewosddiiotderive anrttedn»saaitta«miai. It wiutbere Ctive lie Dmy pmimft fa- fauBB cmc not to initiate iMlwayi m a»cb o^stricta unless good CstwBe costm far rotying upoa tlmr beaming repodueSrreataa«adyi»teer provisoo tan fes»sdefara»curingfl»m^n^oftegatbya BUB UIPtiBlawn IDBa CSBSfee Mil interest dwVC that would US opon the general taxation of tbe colony, and might liuitii in nsjiaij aajpmaae i oftevomehy^eansofao^itionalimpasl. ' The arcsptanrr of Mean. CBourke and M'Sharry'a tender far the fourHiaectMii of tte Cenera! Railway at £1954 ? mOe, sete at lest the am. ? I. mil .III which have been 6* test a stoppage of tbe workB should occur during die change of system from that of small to large contracts, and justifies die belief that oar future extensions wfll be carried one at a, cost ^-jwi-g «{ their becoming at once fully The Electoral Both Bui has made good pro gress in Committee of the Assembly, but its further consideration stands adjourned to admit of amendments being introduced far die reviaioB of roUs at every police court m a dis in tbe bBX ''rbe 'MtacT'eeguWion Bui has been debated exhaustively on die second reading, and is likely to pass sub ject to alterations in Committee, which win doubtless be rattier numerous, as tbe bill is ?8 OOt H (MUFti]/ MIBIMIIB MtllfHIgfl liriifiWiUflPfi by the Gmnaat Tbe [mpamidmsi Bnl has passed die Assembly and been read ? first time in the Couucu. The Mineral Oils Bnl. introduced in the Coanca, has been considered in Committee, and die Council has filed (he Bashing point of kerosene at 110 degrees, absolutely prohibiting dae importation of oik below that standard of quality for abmrimajig purposes. It is satisfac tory to Jeamftort the Government are ing QpSL laOA vBK MMWiAiXl SB OK BBflMXHB hood of Emerald and other suitable bKalities along the eentzal BaHway. The seats of Slessrs. Miles and Kates for Darling Downs will shortly be declared vacant, tbe Committee of Ejections and Qualifications having decided that the election was illegal in consequence of the withdrawal of Mr. Wfriam Graham's name from the list of candidates, after die nomination, and widiout his consent. Another ejection win therefore take place, and it is not improbable that Mr. Miles will be set aside by die constituency in favour of tiaeir former member, Mr. Graham. The barque Scottish Lassie, 852 tons, Captain Le Couteur, from London on the 21st February, with 288 immigrants for Rockhamp ton, arrived in Keppel Bay yesterday morning, having made the passage in 102 days. She reports all well ; pratique will therefore pro bably be granted without delay and the immi grants brought up to the depot. There is but little demand for labour at present, and the immigrants will find some difficulty in obtaining employment— this, however, will depend very much on their suitableness for the occupations common to colonial life. The immigrants will act wisely by accepting the first reasonable offer of work, as by so doing they will be providing for present necessities while gaining experience and preparing to take advantage for future openings. Fortunately they have arrived in cool weather, and will have time to get seasoned to the climate as the summer ap proaches. We notice that the Surgeon Superintendent of the vessel is Dr. M. J. Sullivan, and tHe matron. Miss Macalister. The local agents are Messrs. WaLter Reid and Co. Ox Tuesday last the Committee of the Rockhampton Jockey Club declared the weights for die three princi|-al handicaps to i be run at the forthcoming annual meeting of . the dub, on tbe 10th and I Ith of July. With a very few exceptions die public are well satisfied with (be imposts allotted, and those who profess to know speak of tbe handicaps as by far the best ever produced in Eock hampton. In addition to a large number of local nominations it is confidently expected a large number of Brisbane horses will visit as, which should make die holiday a success beyond precedent. Tn Joe sittings af the Central District CasxtopeaedUst Hoaoay before His Honor radge Blake, Mr. P. Baal prosecuting for ti-e Crown. There was an asasmaBy assay calendar, aajy two cases being set down far fc»*»*l BpOCBCjlawgp COwmwmwgawCBtt. W«ila tmwg laMawTt saent of Alexander Wood, for oMamuag mosey byssemasof a false prrtm- After a short trial the jury returned a verdict of gmny. aad du prisoner was seat to gad for twelve momba. Tbecaseagamst Samm* L Prince, foraamalemeanoor underlie Insolvency Act, ?giee. Tbey -»« locked up frsm 3-10 an Taesday afterseon until the fsOowmg marumg at an. when tbe verdict not being ?rtiedat, His Honor directed then-discharge, the aifinsiiil being bound over to appear ?Bit ntlan. Tbe jiwm ^weac mniilrji, bo »k; ?imblllMll .illil for acmntal and fssr agabwt. The fact of swaccommodatioii being provided for ineareerated juron was strongly coinn^ntedonbydKleari^ judge, themembers of tbe lead profassies, and the jsxom tbem advea. Acting upon tte suggestion of a newly g»«« | ? -J-— - .1— -ILJ !Jll_ail mn|aaiM mfV. ill .anj aiiJ the run of the Court House for tbe night, a bale of blankets, intended for the aboriginals, bemgemivemeatly undated, aad tbe approach to which His Honor said would be as act of j..i..— .— .:ij. tar an official to bar. Tbe remainder of the week waa oeamieA in discussing tiie merits of various cml causes, ?ndimsusement was afforded tbe spectators when the panel was exhausted by the bailiff fsHmr;on flr ftmt rfifT3?!^ person tibat met bw view to GU die vacancy Tun Police Court 1 ? i ? I has been very dsfl, there being but few names on the charge sheet On Saturday a drunk and disorderly horseman who wouMntgo borne when advised by bis particular friends— die police— was was sued five sbfflisgs; aad tbe foHowrag omydseS^atskuquestionwasmlrodaeed. Six of dte coloured gentry captured from a mob of twelve, were severany charged wr& drunken ness, dnrderly bebxriaai. amaultms, ami : reairtag the police. Tbe Police Magiriratp, bearjnf; in mind die nmnerous cnmplainto. ' regarding tiK behariouz, on Satsrday sjghts I dsem in auustauiial sums with terms of tm- ! pra»«Msrt in defautt of payment, which they areGkely to remember. Tbe fouowing day, two Uanders samed Tommy and Cfaarbe. i were committed for trial on a charge of assault. 1 aad die two subsequent days no eases came on for bearing. Tax Benevolent Society is now m the unen viable position of impecumosity- a position which occurred only once before, and ft is to be hoped wfll never occur again. Several causes have conspired to produce this result, such as die depressed times aad scarcity of demand for labour. Expenses of an unexpected character connected wfth the sew Benevolent Asylum have also made a considerable inroad upon tbe ; funds: and to these causes may be added an \ unusual amount of sickness — sickness, indeed, in some instances the result of destitution. One or two cases of this character have been discovered, a very painful one being that , of a Danish family of new arrivals living in a | small hut in Archer-street. Their case was doubtless aggravated by inability to speak our language, but when dteir helpless condition was known tibev were at once attended to. | Tbe great demand on the funds of the Society ! has necessitated tike resolotiou of giving only ! half the usual rebel. It is to he hoped that die income of die Society win sooo be so im proved th»t it win not be found necessary to continne so rigid a state of economy. The Hospital has been so well managed by the present Surgeon, Dr. Campbell, that die resignation of tiiat gentleman has devolved a task of some difficulty on tbe Committee in choosing a successor. In reply tn the adver tisement, seven applications were reeei i-ed. the testimonials of the great majorrtr being of a i very high order. Dr. C. H. Patersoos appli- I cation was accepted after tencthnoed eon- ! sideration, and this gentleman's testimonials t were of so distinguished a character, that we learn from credible authority that be has been chosen as sureeon to several hospitals for which he appbe-L He was appointed to the Springsare Hospital, but withdrew his appli cation- We noticed tstonj tbe applications for tiie Rockhampton Hospital that of Patrick H. White. M.D., M.A. This gentleman's qualifications are also very high, and it is not improbable that, if he so desires, he may be appointed to tbe Sprmgsure Hospital. It is a matter for satisfaction that our district is considered to hava- sufficient attractions for medical gentlemen of superior attainments. The weather is uae. and cold enough to be seasonable. A day's light rain during die j woek was unpleasant enough in town while it ' lasted, hot it has probably dose some gsod to Oe gt— ing oats. Tbe i^erts trom tbe sucb°°elpressieos as 'HghTeae,- 'Sme~ 'cold.' 'toggy,' tuu. faebv repeated. The iiliiTiTlli.Th.it inn ril irniiiumpiisi. 0*7; Keppd Bay, 070; Ma&orough;, t«; 9t Lawrence, w*0; Oermaut, lr4S. The old saying. 'It never rams but it pours,' a re^nstrated with as in the matter csfertadunest or ai tea loeulmg, list Bmoe then there bas succeeded a pklbora of amase menta. Fiat. Batehelder's Diorama and Camlet, then Bafcer aad Farom; mad now Ha* Oara «»t*--~'. Coumany and 'Cartton's Ghost' Both the latter enter meDtsaresogooudat it is a pity they bad aotvisited tie town at separate times. How ever. whge ithay atay, the people emmot com plain of dun evemngs. 