AMUSEMENT GLEANINGS. Miss Emma Thursby, the young American soprano, has become a great favorite in Parisian musical circles, and has sung with great success at the concerts of Pasdeloup and Colonne. The Paris journals concur in 6peakiug of her as an artist of tbe first rank, and promise her a bril liant reception when ebe next visits Paris. Mdlle. Turolla, the young prima donna who recently made such a successful debut at the Boyal Italian Opera, waa born at Tiflis, iv Georgia, where her father was Director of tbe Imperial Opera House. He gave up bis appointment in 1677, and re turned to Italy, where hia daughter made rapid progrete in ber musical studies, and last year made a tuccessful debut at La Sella, Milau. Sbe bas played important "dramatic" parts euch a* "Norma" sod "Semiramide," with great sueeess, and it is to this line of characters that ber attention will be chu fly devoted. " Atlas," writing in The World ou the baha vior of actors and actresses an tbe stage,says: —"'I read in a Paris paper a criticism on a young dtbutante wbish I should like to hurl at every actress on the English stage:— * Bile repond sans avoir 600ut6.' My countrywomen, who satisfy yourselves and your admirers so easily, you ought to pass under tbe critical in spection of tbe uuimpassioned Parisian. You all answer without having listened, and tbe effect is exasperating. Try for ouce tbe experi ment of disregarding tbe routinist who tells you to look at tbe audience; look at the actor who speaks to you; listen with your face, with your eyes, and I undertake that you will And ten emphatic and audible appreciate!* even in a London bouse." Tbe same criticism m*ght be buried with considerable force at a great many of tbe actors and actresses we are accustomed to see, numbers of whom seem to think it is choir especial duty to count the house, and not to attend to the business of the stage. When Mr. Irving announced his intention of producing tbe " Lady of Lyons" at the Lyoeum Theatre critics and playgoers commenced to speculate on what he would do with the character of Claude Melnotte, as to which there was great diversity of opinion, and that diver sity still exists now the play has been produced. Some regard it as a masterly representation; others aa a very so-so piece of acting. Hare is what the Sporting and Dramatic m .Xcms\ says about it: —'-The part of Claude Melnotte brings into prominenceall tbe faults of Mr. Irving's style, while we miss fci bis acting of it fhe many go3d qualities witb wbich he is undoubtedly gifted. That his acting is careful and scholarly, that he makes certain good points, and that he has evidently studied the part carefully we may cheerfully admit, but tbe result is not Claude Melnotte as depicted in Lord Lytton's play, buc Mr. Irving masquerading in the costume of a Directory and a Vanderdecken hat Claude Melnotte was a young and impulsive man, who fell into the trap prepared for bim simply because of his youth and impulsiveness; but Mr. Irving makes bim a saturnine being, wbo stalks about glaring at Pauline after a fashion which must have made that young lady think that the 'Palace lifting to eternal summer' would be dearly purchased if it was to be shared with so angular and melodramatic a personage. Had Mr. Irving been introduced as the pirate instead of the Prince of Como bis mien and gestures would bave suited the character admirably—be was assuredly like neither the gardener's son nor tbe Prince. Into descriptions of his elacutiuu and gait we need "not enter, aud we would be understood to bave tbe highest admiration for Mr. Irving's powers in certain other parts; bat the truth must be told about bis Claude Melnotte, and it must be said that it is so strangely bad that it verges at times on bur lesque, and tbat had auy other actor played the part in such a fashion it would have afforded food for derisive mirth rather than for enthu siasm and delight." When the May mail left England Professor Pepper waa fulfilling a farewell Engagement at tbe London Polytechnic, prior to bis departure for a twelve months' tour in Australia. We may therefore expect to see the Professor here before many months have elapsed. The nature of tbe entertainments which the Professor gives is pretty veil known, but he has recently added some new illusions, wbich are thus described ta tbe Sporting and Dramatic Newt: —When " the ghost effect" was first produced at tbe Boyal Polytechnic Institution all sightseers were agog to behold the marvellous effects the newspapers recorded, and those of an ingenious turn of mud went again and again to&y; and solve the problem—including even such physicists as the late Professor Faraday—who at last had to ask for an explanation. Those conversant with the manipulative details of tiie ghost effects will readily see their way to tbe production of new marvels, but the public at large will be sadly puzzled to know bow Professor Pepper can step out of blank space and quietly walk towards his audience. A large room, isolated from the floor with phosphorescent green walls, occupies the centre of the stage of the large theatre; from this descends a flight of carpeted stairs. An apology being made for the Professor not having arrived, Professor Pepper's well-known voice is immediately heard repudiating the idea that he ever kept an audience waiting, and with the announcement, "I am here V he is visible in the very centre of the room, and immediately walks bodily forward, down the steps towards the footlights. This wonld be impossible according to the arrangement of the old ghost effoat— his image could appear and disappear, but bis sub stance could not walk forth. As the reverse of tbis effect, Banquo's ghost appears seated in the chair at tbe back of tbe room, rises, walks for ward, steps backward, and instaatlydisappearsin the very centre of the chamber; evaporating into space is the only correct expression that could be employed for describing this illusion. First, a basket, suspended by a cord from the ceiling of the mysterious cham ber, is filled with oranges, and instanta neously these are converted into pots of Moo's marmalade. When these are removed, a puppy appears as tiie occupant of tbe basket. Every care is taken to prove the substantial character of these objects. Many other startling illusions are promised aa the outcrop of this patented apparatus, which is the joint tion of Mr. J. J. Walker, tiie well-known organ builder, and Professor Pepper. It was well re marked tbat this new arrangement is admirably adapted for dramatic requirements on tbe stage. That ingenious mechanician, Mr. Pichler, intro duces an arrangement by which portraits of well-known public men are traced upon the large screen. This is called tbe " Portrait Limner." Another illusion, which well deserves attention from the clever manner in which it is carried out, and tbe acnemgaaying songs are rendered, is "The Zoooepbslie Troupe." in which living heads appear attached to miniatare marionette bodies wite ludicrous effect. Mr. A. Douglass is tbe inventor aad worker of this in genious arrangement. 