Victoria Thoatre. THE tragedy of Hamlet was repeato I evening to a very fair house, but certsl, not to such a numerous audience asils served It has been our privilege to eite many fine impersonations of this greete ception of Shakspeare, and the perfors of Mr. Creswick last evening, forcibln minded us of the best of them. Tie f?en are now, however, things of the past; i Mr. Creswiek fortunately remains tofae us with as grand a representation of thsc happy, yet noble-minded Prince of De as the stage has ever seen, most certaidh this colony, if not in the old country. TI is no trace of mannerism in his acthy no shining after stage effect. In e1 phase of his rendition, we still see thlel son, the large hoearted friend, groaninge the weight of a heavy burden of sorros,d of heart.agony that none can shars v1 him. Even in the most thrilling psalt in the ghost scene the mock play, heele scene, or any other, there is somethings terribly real in his grief, his awe of td supernatural, his affection, his contemptd the hollow show around him, his hatred d guilt, his determination to avenge father's death, his conflict between 10l of his mother, and hatred of crime, his love for Ophelia, that the specdatb loses all thought of Mr. Creswick andfoYlo the fortunes of the ill-fated Prince to very last with rapt attention and ecn anxiety. It were a pleasing task to po out the beauties of Mr. Creswick's perlot anco of Hamlet (whichl we consider to be of his master pieces), but our space and ti forbidit. There is no false glitterorst tinsel about it. As we have said, its g reality is its greatest chanr. The 0p of Miss Helen Ashton is a most toto ing piece of acting, and affords freqeol opportunity for commenndation. Tot must be added, an additional attractione her delightful singing. Mrs. E. Holloelw as Queen Gert ude, looked mgnifi8:e0nf and acted well, and MIiss Julia Merton ns a most excellent player Queen. Thehil found a decidedly good personificationia J. P. West, as did Polonius in Mr.J. Walsh. The Laertes of Mr. H. 8. Jer'd and the Ghost of Mr. E. Holloway, both' serve our warmest commendation. T grave- disgger of Mr. Sam Howard is d. known as a finished performance, anl always welcomed. The Horatio of I Booth was very fairly rendered. l. Wslvington as Rosenerantz; Hr. Ma] as Marsellias, and Miss Alice Broughc t as OGrie are all worthy of notioe. ,T scenery by Rlr. J. R. Setright, especl the ramparts of the Castle of Elsinore, marvellously wll executed. The mnH throughout is also* of a superior oartco and well played by Mr Christie's bed, fact, the manner in which the treaed'tY oust and placed upon the stage reflentsl greatest credit both upen the actors andt management. To.night Shakespeare'a.?. nificoent tragedy of "King Lear" produced. This is another of Mr. oCr wick's great characters, and if there fel sparks of dramatic taste left inNewda there will be a crowded house. 