ITEMS OF NEWS. We remind our readers that to-day is the last day for obtaining electoral rights for the supple mentary roll for the Legislative Council. The collector of the Hospital acknowledges the sum of £L 18s Ud from Mr J. M' Williams' threshing machine employes, Strangways. Tho open season for hares commences to-day, and coursing men will soon be in the midst of their sports. The New Era Company had a yield of 78oz, and the Tribute Company of 29oz for the fort night. It will be seen from intelligence given in an other column, that the New South Wales police aro again to the front in decreasing the number of bushrangers. They seem determined to do their level best to capture tho Kcllys. Surely the Victorian police will not let the reward pass over the border. A cricket match will take place to-day on tho Guildford ground, between the C.C.C. and the Guildford, club. The team will leave by the 1. 16 train, and will be chosen from the following players : — Bristow, Campbell, Cock, Conn, Grose, Henry, Jenkins, Kinlock, Laver (2), Matthews, Muirhead, Robb, and Yick. We have received from Mr J. Russell Sothern a song composed by him bearing the title of " Sweetly the roses bloom." The words are rather sickly and insipid, but the music is tune ful, and not difficult to siug, it being in range, but is a littlo over an octave. The accompani ment is bright and inspiriting, and the song may probaly beeomo a favourite in the drawing- room. It will be seon by advertisement that ill a few days some ghosts will appear in Castlemaine ; there need be 110 cause for fear, however, as they will bo simply spectacular illusions, and under tho control of Mr D'Arcy Read, who will show their fleeting shadows 011 tho boards of the Theatre Royal. The exhibition has been well received in Melbourne. The Ringarooma from New Zealand brings tho sad intelligence that Miss Carmicliaol, shortly after reaching her homo in Scotland, lost her reason. Bearing well the vicissitudes through which she had passed, the joy she evidently felt when once more on her native heath was more than the young lady could bear, and she is now insane. The Autumn Meeting of the Victorian Racing Club commences to-day. The first race is tho Hurdle race, for which Jack Tar is the favorite. The Ascot Vale stakes is looked on as a cer tainty for Mr Wilson's stable. For the Bruns wick Stakes Hotspur is most fancied. For the St Leger Wellington is in favour, and for tho Keilor Stakes Sussex is fancied. During the six years that Sir George Boweu was governor of this colony, Guard Frank Bell, of the Victorian Railways, acted as guard in ordi nary, or guard extraordinary, to His Excel lency. A short time since Bell was informed by Major Pitt that he was to receive a present from tho Governor before his Excellency left the colony. Just prior to Sir George's depar ture, Bell received a letter from the Governor couched in very complimentary terms, and en closing a photographic portrait of his Excellency, copies of which are, it is stated, sold for Is each. We have been shown a very pretty specimen of colonial production, in the way of carving. A gentleman, who leaves for England to-day will take with him a memento of what can be produced by our Castlemaine youth. The souvenir, which is intended as a present, consists of a watch case, made out of cedar, Kauri pine, native box, myall and rosewood. The centre piece is a pair of lions, supporting a hand, and mounted by a crown, tree and serpent. Under- neath is neatly carved in raised letters, "Fortitudino et prudentia." The workmanship is of a high order, and reflects the greatest credit on the amateur carver, Mr Stephen Bond, jun., a native of this town. The watch case is enclosed in an elegantly carved box, also the work of Mr Bond. A charge of a very unusual kind was heard at the police court yesterday. It was brought by instructions of tho acting Chief Commissioner of Police against a constable who has been for 21 years ill tho force without over having a com plaint against him. He was alleged to have as saulted a man three weeks ago, who on beiii<> arrested, bit, kicked, and behaved with great violenco, but there was no evidence to support the allegation, so it was dismissed. The man was heard to call out when opposite tho lock-up that the constable gave him a clout 011 the eye, but his oyo was neither discolored nor tho skin abraded, when he appeared before tho court for resisting tho police, nor did ho then complain against oitlier of tho constables who took him to prison. Mr Fisher has on viow a good supply of edi bles for tho table which housekeepers can liavo littlo difficulty in selecting from. Probate was granted on Thursday to tho wills of the following deceased persons : — James C. Dickson, Lll, 31)0 ; Robert C. Hope, L3 1,202 ; George Ewart, L72I ; Frederick Barker, L1000 ; Joseph Cozens, LI 432 ; Thomas Dooloy, L737 ; Walter Murtagh, L120 ; Arthur M'Laiighliii, L89 ; George Robertson, L350 ; William Mays, LI 00 ; Robert Monzies, L484 ; Michael Loeman, L221 ; Adam Armstrong, L180 ; .Samuel Stenti- ford, L38 ; Peter Nicholson, LOO ; Hugh Gray, L19 ; Harriot Greener, L43 ; William Barton, L100 ; Thomas Chenowoth, L100 ; Richard Rule, L£275 ; William Craig, L285 ; Catherine Green, LU1. Letters of administration wore granted in tho estates of Mylcs Higgins, L521 ; Wm. y. Welsh, L733 ; Duncan M' Arthur, L000 ; Wm. Nowlau, L7D ; Maria G. Allen, L180 ; George Robertson, L3D0 ; Thomas Hassett, Ll00; Edwin Davis, L290 ; Mary A11110 M'Mahon, L87 i David Marks, LD00 ; Donald Murchison, DLOO. Rabbi Samuel Herman, who has been connected with the Geolong Synagogue for 10 years, and resident in the colony for 15 years died at the ripe ago of 90. Mr Walter Swan, of Stawell, Victoria, is the successful competitor for the prize of £100 offered by tho Sydney Mail for the best tale by a oilonial author. Thore were about 70 competi tors. A large blast took place 011 Thursday at the quarries at Cliilwell, the purpose being to obtain a supply of ballast for the Geolong and Queens- cliff railway. Seventeen hundred weight of powder was used, and without alarming anyone 15, 0U0 yards of bluestone were displaced. It is stated by tho Launceston Examinor that a prize fight has been arranged between Harry Sallars (from Victoria) and Lucas, a Tasmanian. The time and place appointed aro unknown, but it is considered that if the fight is allowed to take place it will bo a desperate one. Shortly after 9 o'clock on Wednesday evening Cole's Windermere Hotel, between Ballarat and Burriinibeet, was destroyed by fire, together with all the furniture and conteitys of the building. The lire commenced in one of the lodgers' rooms, and was caused by tho window curtains being set in a blaze from a candle. The loss is stated at about £7UU, and was not covered by insurance. His Excellency Sir George Bewcn, the late Governor of Victoria, who is now 011 his way to assume the Governorship of Mauritius, took ad vantage, says the South Australian Advertiser, of the stay made by the R. M. S. Siain to pay a visit to Adelaide. Sir George and Lady Bowen, with the Misses Bowcu, were driven to Mount Lofty in one of Messrs Hill and Co. 's drags, where they were met by Sir William unci Mrs Jervois, who entertained them at luncheon. As showing how heavy tho work is in pre paring the briefs and other legal documents for the defendants in the Supreme Court case of Young i.ud M'Guigan v. the Ballarat and Bal larat East Water Commissioners, to be heard in a week or so, we (Ballarat Star) may iuforni our readers that last week tho whole stock of brief paper in Ballarat was exhausted, and Melbourne had to bo drawn upon to supply the wauls of the law clerks. A heavy pitfall took place at the Wallsend colliery, Newcastle, at seven o'clock 011 Thurs day morning as the wheelers wore taking their horses to the stables. The fall occurred without warning. The concussion droro the air back along the main road headings with much force, and lifted the train of skips off' the line. Sonic men working two hundred yards distant were lifted off their feet. The men 011 mustering found that Nelson, sen., George Ridley aiul George Oughton wero missing. A search party was organised. A telegram since received from the manager states that two of the missing men were got out safely, but one was killed. The two men saved from the mine aro badly injured. Oughton, who was reported as killed is still missing. A rather ludicrous incident, tending to show the tenacity with which now arrivals adhere to their old country ideas, occurred in a store dur ing the week (relates the Rockhampton Bulle tin of the loth inst.) On the occasion referred to, one of the Climatic immigrants took a clean white towel to a well known shopkeeper, with the request that a pound of butter should be put up in it. The consternation of the vendor of butter — the shade heat being well in the nineties — was not equal to that of the fair daughter of Erin when she was requested to " bring a panni kin " for tho familiar luxury. No doubt the buxom damsel expected the Rockhampton butter would be of the same consistency as it was at home when slit? stepped 011 board the Caruatic in November last, littlo thinking that a bottle would serve her turn much better than a cloth. A fearful gunpowder accident happened on Wednesday to a boy about ten years of age, named Craig, and we regret to say the dreadful injuries which the poor little fellow received have terminated fatally. He was left alone, says the Star, in his parents' home, which is some distance beyond St. Arnaud, and to amuse himself during their absence ho managed to get hold of a flask of powder, which he held over the fire us he shook a few grains out at a time and enjoyed tho explosion. An unlucky tilt of tho flask by and byo sent too much powder into the fire at once, and the result was that all the contents of tho flask exploded, and nearly blow young Craig's right hand off", the wrist being torn asunder, and the hand left hanging by a few shreds of skin and flesh. This, however, was not the most serious injury he received, for the flask with terrible impetus struck liirn 011 the left temple and tore away a portion of the frontal bone, leaving a horrid gash in his head, from which the brain protruded. The child was soon discovered in a senseless state by his distressed parents, who immediately sought medical aid, but some time elapsed before it was procured, and tho unfortunate little fellow gradually sank till ho expired. A Beachport correspondent of tho South Aus tralian Register gives the following tale of the sea, under date February 9 : — " Yesterday after noon a party of four — Messrs E. Weill, from the English and Scottish Bank, W. Gower, Frank Berilaqua, and Charley Carigliano, in charge of Mr Bovilaquu's lighter — went out barracouta fish' ing about four miles from Beachport, and two and a half from Shcrbert Rock. They met with a dense shoal of fish and in the excitement of draw ing a fish on board, Walter Gowor, whilst sitting 011 the gunwale of lhcboat,felloverboai'd beforoit was noticed by the others, all being eager hauling in fish. The boat was under full sail before a heavy north-west wind, and had run 11 considerable dis tance ; but although a heavy sea was on Walter Gower managed to keep himself afloat. Tho lighter was brought about quickly, but as it was found impossible to reach him 011 tho first tack, au oar wa3 thrown overboard towards him. Gower however, could not reach it, the tide and wind taking the oar away from him. Charley Cari gliano, noticing that Gowor could not roach tho oar as he was gotting weak, and would go down before the lighter could get about on its second tack jumped overboard, picked up tho our, swam with it to Gowor, and placed him on it. Mean while the lightor had gone to leeward consider ably, and was about half a mile from both men. Charley swam towards tho lightor, but owing to- wind, and having his clothes on, could niuko but little headway. Unfortunately Mr Weill, al though doing his best to work the lighter with tho holp of a lacl about 13, had not the practical ex perience and knowledge to work tho boat to ad vantage undor such urgent circumstances, with a stiff breeze and heavv sea dead against him. He consequently lost considerable t-imo, and after threo fruitless attempts to boat up to Charloy, succeeded in reaching him, and pulled him 011 board in quito ail exhausted state. After a few minutes' roposo and considerable rubbing by young Bevilnqua Charley came to. All bolieved that Gower had gone down for the last time ; but looking about they noticed him, drifting and still holding 011 to his oar, but a considerable dis tance off. Charloy being restorod.and thero being now more stength in the boat, they soon reached Gower, pulling him on board, but in a quito sense less condition. It took a considerable timo for both Weill and Bevilaqua to bring him round. Both men had been moro than an hour 111 tho water, and 110 wonder tlioy folt exhausted, bat tling against a heavy sea and stormy wind. But for tho horoic act of Carigliano jumping ovorboard and assisting Gowor tho latter could not have been saved. It was fortunate that no sharks ivoro about." The excellence of an article is generally con ceded when it enlists a host of spurious imitators. The very fact that it is firmly entrenched iu popu. lar esteem invites others to counterfeit it. Hence, tho uumbor of impostors who have pirated even the trade-marks by which Udolwio Wolfe's Soiiie. i dam Aromatic Schnapps is distinguished, and en, deavonrod to palm off on the public a deleterious compound iu the place of the genuine invigoraut, i 