Original Article. TWO TRACTS. No. II. In our last issue we examined the former of two tracts which have been circulated, through the post among the Clergy of the Diocese, and have so 'challenged in a special way the attention of Churchmen. Though with the main idea of the tract we were in cordial agree ment, yet of its general tone and many of its specific statements we felt ourselves constrained to speak most unfavourably. The second tract now demands our attention. It is entitled 'For Their Sa7tes,' and is written by a Clergyman of the Diocese of Melbourne, well-known for his energy and fervour, his missionary zeal, and personal godli ness. He needs no ' epistle of commendation' from us, and we shall make no further reference to the author, but deal with his tract as though it were, like No. 1, the work of a stranger. With its main idea we are, as before, in hearty agreement, if its purpose be (as we suppose) to set forth the Indwelling of Christ in the Christian soul as the sole source of its holiness, peace, and confidence towards God. In some theological systems the Personal Christ has ceased to be of any immediate practical interest to His disciples of to-day. His work in human nature is regarded as so exclusively a work of the past that His Person recedes into the background, and the union of God and man becomes the union of man with the Holy Ghost, and not with the Incarnate Son of God. We are saved, it is supposed, by what He did, not by His present Life, except so far as His Life assures us of the presence and activity of the new principle which renews us after His Image. With this form of opinion we have no sympathy. The Gospel of our salvation is the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Christ Incar nate is the predominant truth of the New Testament Revelation. The Holy Spirit comes to us on no independent mission, but to bring to our souls a present Saviour, and to unite us with His Deified human nature. To regard the Holy Spirit's operations as directed into any other channel would be to imagine that there is some other Name under heaven than that of Jesus Christ whereby we must be saved. So far, we venture to think, we are in agreement with the writer. His purpose, however, is not only to set forth the source of Christian holiness, but to point out the way to holiness j and here, we think, he not only indicates the King's highway, but, in addition, presses upon his hearers a certain short cut of recent discovery, which he exalts, we fear, to the disparagement of the 'old path,' as more direGt and pleasanter to travel by. It is, we have always been taught, through union with the Personal Christ — in other words, through His Indwelling in the soul by the Holy Ghost — that we are sanctified ; that is to say, the Holy Ghost is the Agent through which the sanctified Humanity of the Son of God exerts its renewing influence on them that believe. The writer, on the other hand, seems to set forth a twofold action of Christ in connection with human sanctification, and the action with which he chiefly concerns himself is something separate and apart from His Indwelling by the Holy Spirit. We read on page 6 — 'From Heaven, and from Heaven alone, the Lord Jesus carries on His work of cleansing . . ? . And this purification He accomplishes in one way — by one unalterable rule — He comes to dwell in His people's hearts by His own Holy Spirit. . . . Christ xtpon His seat in Heaven sanctifies us ; but this sanctification is imperfect, because of birth sin, and because of our imperfect reception of the Holy Ghost. Christ in the heart sanctifies us ; and this sanctification is so far perfect that it is Christ Himself in us, and Christ is perfect.' Again, on page lla distinction seems to be drawn between Christ abiding with His people and in His people, as if the with were in no way connected with the in; as if, in fact, there were two independent modes of His indwelling — the one effected by the Holy Spirit, the other by Christ Himself. To say the truth, though we think we have grasped the writer's idea, we fail to apprehend his exact meaning. In several passages he seems to speak as if by the dwelling of Christ in us He meant nothing more than our recognition of His work in us by the Holy Spirit. ' I am far from denying that the blessed Lord does dwell in every believer's heart by His Spirit. The vital question is — Is He recognised as dwelling there? His experimental absence, so to speak, causes Him to be represented in some passages of Scripture as though he were not really indwelling' (p. 15). And remarks of a like tenor may be found on pp. 17, 21. If, then, by insisting on the Personal Indwelling of Christ in the believer's soul, the writer means no more than to set forth the supreme importance of our acceptance and recognition of it as a blessed fact in the sense of the Apostle in 1 Cor. vi. 15, 19, we have nothing more to say, except that we think it a pity he should have darkened and mystified a necessary truth of the Gospel by language likely to be misunderstood, and must needs express our conviction that God's facts are quite independent of our recognition of them. Facts are facts, whether we recognise them or not. Our faith realises God's gifts of grace ; it cannot create them or add to them. 'If we be lieve not, He abi'deth faithful.' But we are afraid that by the In dwelling of Christ the writer means something more than the Indwelling of His Spirit— some novel doctrine, in fact, which the New Testament has not revealed, nor the Church of God received. If he means simply what St. Paul means in the texts above referred to (1 Cor. vi. 15, 19), we fail to understand how, when the Saviour. is already^ in us by His Spirit, we have yet to 'seek that He may enter in in new and mighty power, and in a new capacity, as our Holy Life, our living Holiness' (p. 15) ; or how it can be said ' autho ritatively that Christ is waiting anxiously to make His abode within' (p. 16). The distinction which the writer endeavours to draw has led him, moreover, to make statements which seem to us most unwarrantable. On page 5 he affirms that the Lord Jesus ' was never a Priest on the earth.' We have always believed that in His Sacrifice on the Cross He was ' Himself the Victim, and Himself the Priest.' The work of a Priest is to offer Sacrifice (Heb. v. 1) ; Christ offered Himself (Heb. vii. 27, ix. 14, x. 12), and so doing must needs have fulfilled a priestly work. On page 8 we read :— ' The Lord Jesus enters the heart, to be to each believer whose heart he thus enters precisely what God was to Him when He entered His human soul by the Holy Ghost.' When, we would ask, did God enter Christ's human soul by the Holy Ghost ? Does he mean that from the very first original element of Christ's human nature the Godhead was not united with it, and that the conjunction of the Divine and human was effected afterwards ? We read in St. Matthew that when the man Jesus was thirty years of age He was anointed by the Holy Ghost to be the Christ, but throughout the whole New Testament there is not a single expression which seems to us to justify the words quoted. If they mean anything, they mean either a sort of Nestorianism or virtual Tritheism, equally repugnant to the truth of the Gospel. On page 12 the believer, under certain specified circum stances, is alleged to bring 'his own imitated, manufactured holiness to Christ.' What does this mean ? The believer has, and can have, no holiness whatever except such as is wrought in him by the Holy Spirit. Whatever, I say, the believer has of holiness is the gift of Christ by the Spirit. He has that, or none. To speak of tliat as the believer's ' own imitated, manufactured holiness,' seems to us a strangely irreverent mode of dealing with the work of the Holy Ghost. The writer, we conceive, can hardly mean what he says. On page 13 we are told that many an one who is ' sure of his interest in Christ above,' is ' void of Christ below.' If a man be ' void of Christ' — there are not two Christs, one above and one below — what part or lot is it possible for him to have in Christ? ' If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of Sis.' Space would fail us to set down in order all the expressions contained in the tract which jar most painfully on ears attuned to the sober theology of the English Church. We will content ourselves with noticing one further statement, on page 19, and then draw our remarks to a close. We there find a statement which, translated into plain language, simply amounts to this — That faith consists in believing what we know is untrue or 'contrary to fact,' and that 'real progess' in the spiritual life begins with dependence on the veracity of God when He tells us what we know is ' contrary to fact.' Here, again, the mischievous fallacy comes in of confounding God'sfacts with man's experience of them,asif man's experience created God's facts. There can be no saving power in theological fictions. The God of Truth never pretends. He never tells us what is ' contrary to fact.' He never asserts that a man is what he is not ; never accounts a man to be what he is not. Union with Christ is a real thing, none the less real and true because the fruits of it may not be as yet apparent. If salvation follows upon 'belief of the truth,' what is likely to follow, we would ask, on belief in that which is 'contrary to fact?' We need not express our opinion further on the teaching of the tract before us. We regard it not only as in many respects erroneous, but in some respects as dangerous in its tendency to Christian obedi ence. If the work of Christ in us is separated from the ' sanctifi cation of the Spirit ;' if we can have given us (as the writer implies) a ' perfect' holiness in Christ, apart from the work of His Spirit in us, why should we desire that ' imperfect' holiness, that 'imitated, manufactured holiness,' which is all that the same Spirit is supposed to supply? Good men make theories, but what sort of men will their theories make ? Our conviction is that the writer has not yet realised the full meaning of his own statements. Till he has settled thai meaning with himself and can make it clear to others, and has also satisfied himself that it is in thorough accordance with ' the analogy of the Faith,' he will do well to abstain from writing tracts which are calculated to unsettle rather than to edify, to mis lead rather than to instruct. S. P. G. . 