[?] MISCELLANEOUS. The Commissioner of Grown Lands and the Surveyor-General returned from their northern tour on Monday. The R.M.S. Tanjore left Galle for Ade laide at 6 p.m. on November 20, and the R.M.S. Siam arrived at Galle from Adelaide at 7 a.m. on the 21st. The Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser states that Dr. Elphick is improving, and that notwith standing the severe injuries he received by the accident last Thursday, the probabilities are in favor of hie recovery. Mr. Champion, the collector for the Adelaide Hospital, informs m that he ha? re ceived one hundred pounds from Mr. John Robb, who will be entitled to rank as a life con tributor to that institution. In -was computed that the dredger and the hopper took out enough silt on Saturday to half make one of the much-needed streets in the Fort. It is said that a public meeting is to be held to protest against the present wasteful loss of road and street material. The artesian -well at Port Wakefield is now down about 170 feet. Quicksand has again hindeted the workmen, but they have struck a stratum of harder stuff, and hopes are enter tained of their now being able to make good progress. The following tenders were receive! at the Public Works Department on Monday. — For the erection of a bridgeover the Wakefield, two, F. George the lower ; for office fittings 'at Snowtown Railway Station, two, Nottle Bros, the lower. The Port Pirie Gazette says that ' there are now quite six feet of water available for use in the new reservoir at Nelshaby, and that over flow from the well continues to run into it. The depth of water mentioned covers an area of more than five acres.' ^ 'For seme time,' says the Northern Argus, mt a few of the Glare 'residents have been contemplating a trip to the gold-bearing country atUlooloo. They seem to have a strong con viction that there is plenty of gold in that locality, and that if it is properly tested it will turn out to be a good paying goldfield.' A telegram was received at Cape Town from Maritzburg the day before the Aconcagua left, which convened the satisfactory intelli gence that the coat worn by the late Prince Im perial when he met his death had been found in a Kafir kraal, and that it bore several gashes in front, showing conclusively that the brave young Prince died facing the enemy. 'The arrivals of wool for the week,' writes the Wentioorth Telegraph of November 24, 'amount to 2,322 bales, of which 1,676* bales were for South Australia and 646 bales for Vic toria. Of this quantity 340 bales were expected to be picked up after leaving this porb, so that there may be a slight difference as to the exact somber of bales so picked up.' The same paper says: — 'The stock movements for the week comprise 10,000 sheep from Mossgiel, by Mr. C. B. Fisher, for the Adelaide market.' Professor Strambio, in a note in an Italian medical journal, says that, notwiths tanding the failure of all remedies hitherto recommended for the immediate cure of a cold, he wishes to communicate to the profession the great success he has found attending a new one in his own person, and to ask them to test its efficacy. He found prolonged mastication and swallowing of a dried leaf or two of the euca lyptus globulus almost immediately liberated Mm from all the effects of a severe cold. The Hon. T. King, M.P., Minister of Education, had an interview with Mr. Patterson, the Postmaster- General of Victoria, on Friday, November 21, when the latter oa behalf of his i- Government agreed to forego for eighteen months the subsidy of £2,500 per annum de manded from this colony in connection with the Suez mail service. It was considered that at the end of that time the financial success ot otherwise of the undertaking would enable the two Governments to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of the question. 'We have heard daring the week/' states the Bunyip of November 21, ** that it is contemplated erelong to endeavor to float com panies in connection with the Lady Alice and' Malcolm's Barossa, and we hope if this is done that the shareholders will not be content to sacrifice their interests as on a former occasion to want of energy and perseverance. Had all calls been paid, and many of our apathetic townsmen purchased shares, sufficient capital could have been raised to continue the work at both mines, and handsome dividends might now have been shared.' ' While Mr. King, the Minister of Edu cation, was at Mount Gambler,' writes the JBorder Watch, 'the chairman of the Local Board of Advice took the opportunity of urging upon him the necessity of stationing a school visitor in the South- East, and also one of the inspectors, with the view of better carrying out. the Education Act. The .Minister was also asked to use his influence while in Melbourne to further the negotiations now in progress fcr a daily mail between Mount Gambler and Mel* bourne. He promised to attend to both mat ters.' The Postmaster-General and Superin tendent of -Telegraphs has received from Mr. W. H. Smith, the statienmaster at the Elsey, in . the Northern Territory, the following telegram : — 'I beg to report the arrival at the Elsey, on November 23, of Mr. McLeod and men, gold j~ prospecting. Mr. McLeod states that the party left Hormantown on July 21 with three men. On September 18 one of the men named Thomas Donald left the camp to rundown a small creek about seven miles long, and was not seen again. The party searched for him for three weeks, but could get no tracks.' 'It is highly probable,' writes the Sunyip, ' that notwithstanding the predictions of geologists that South Australia is unlikely to produce coal, some will yet be found. The same remark was uttered a few years ago of Victoria, but the existence of coal there has now been proved beyond dispute. During the .week we have been shown a sample of an article bearing & great resemblance to Newcastle coal, and which it is needless to add is to be subjected to the proper tests. The discoverer has kept the locality where it was found a secret, and cannot be blamed for so doing, since should the article prove of value the reward offered by tbe Govern ment will certainly fall to his share.' Mr. Brown, the hydraulic engineer, has been up to Kapunda to inspect the works at the reservoir, and has finally passed them, so that Messrs. Lewis & Marshall have now finished operations there. The Herald states that ' on Saturday forenoon, November 22, the water was turned partially on, and the force tested with the hose in the Main street. Regard being had to the fact that the valve was only partially open the pressure was satisfactory, the jet being thrown to a height of about fifty feet. At pre sent the reservoir is not more than a quarter filled, and that, too, would render the pressure much less than it will be when there is a full supply of water.' The condition of our reservoirs at the present time is eminently satisfactory. The Thorndon Park reservoir, which, is capable of Containing 40 feet of water, according to the^Iast returns was full to within less than a quarter of an inch. When quite full this reservoir will hold 136,503,000 gallons of water. The Hope. Valley reservoir is fuller now than it lias ever been before. It is eapable of taking 51# feet of water, but it is only intended to pot 40 feet into it at present. The returns for last Saturday showed that it con tained 29 feet 10 inches of water, or about 461,000,000 gallon*. As it has been lately filled at the rate of about three inches a day, it is, no doubt, by this tune as full as it is intended to be. The capacity of this reservoir with 40 feet of water is 461,508,706 gallons. In another column will be found par ticulars of a visit on Saturday by the Treasurer, Commissioner of Public Works, and others to Wallaroo, where an inspection was made of the site proposed for the erection of the new jetty, to which so much exception has been taken by the residents, but no definite decision was arrived at, it being understood that a joint report on the subject would be obtained from the Bogineer in-Chief , Engineer of Harbors, and President of the Marine Board. Mr. Mais, Mr. T. Higiu botham, C.B., and Mr. Gill (the representative of Messrs. Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co.) left the party at Wallaroo and proceeded by steamer to Port Augusta to make arrangements connected with the taking of evidence before the commission which is shortly to sit with regard to the defective rails supplied for the Port Augusta Railway. Mr. J. H. Symon has been appointed counsel and Mr. T. B. Gall junior counsel for the Government, and it is probable that the commission will hold their meetings at Port Augusta. At the flower show recently held by the Public Schools Floral Society at the Town Hall prizes were offerbd for the best essay on the cul ture of flowers and for the be3t selection fro a the poets of passages relating to flowers. Nearly fifty papers were sent in for competition, and the jsdge (Mr. E. Dewhirst, tb.3 senior inspector of schools) has awarded the prizes as follows: — For the essajs, first prize, 10s., 'Elm,' Grote street School; second prize, 5s., Edith Jones, Lefevre's Peninsula. Selections, first prize, 7s. 6d., ' White Gum,' Grote-street ; second prize, 5s., Catherine A. Johnstone, Norwood. Many of the essays were very creditably written; and in the extracts from the poets much care had been taken both hi the selection of the words and in the neat and tasteful arrangement of them. It is somewhat remark able that only ten boys competed, and their work was altogether far inferior to that of the girls. In addition to the list of schools already pub lished the Franklin-street and Springton public schools sent exhibits to the show. Extra prizes have been awarded to Annie Blair, Port Ade laide, for a collection of curiosities from Java, and to Lily Burton, of the Gawler school, for buttonhole bouquetB. When the Orient line steamer Lusitania left here in August last she took as a portion of her cargo 10 cases of oranges and lemons. It will be seen by the following extract from the 'Rm.es of October 4 that the experiment has proved a very successful one : — ' By the steamship Lusi tania a novel importation, a consignment of oranges and lemons from an estate near Ade laide, South Australia, reached Messrs. Howcrof t and Watkins, of 14, Tavistock-row, Covent garden, yesterday. In announcing the dispatch of the fruit the grower, a customer to whom the firm have supplied seeds, stated that he should not have thought of sending oranges such a long distance but for the fact that they were . now in season and cheap in Adelaide. The con signment consisted of one caseef lemons, one case of large Naples oranges, and eight cases of St. Michael's oranges. They were packed ia very dry, fine, brown sawdust, and those in oae case, by way of experiment, were also wrappe \ in paper. A few of the oranges with paper wrappings showed signs. of a minute brown mould in bruised places; those packed free in -the sawdust were in perfect condition. As fine oranges are at present beingsold retail in Covent garden Market at 3d. and 4d. each, if is believed that the venture will yield a fair return to the grower, and the success of the experiment may lead to the development of a regular trade, wnieu will increase the variety of our autumn fruits.' With the view of strictly enforcing the compulsory clause of the Education Act, which has too long been a dead letter in the Mount Gambier district, the Government have, says the South-Eastern Star, appointed Mr. Maddison to visit the South-East and report on the number of children of a school-going age resi-ienfctherein, and the names of those who do not conform to the clause compelling their attendance at school during a certain number of days in each year. Mr. Maddison has already completed his census of the Mount Gambier school district, the result showing that 605 children between the ages of 5 and 13 reside therein; 456 being within the prescribed ages at which attendance at some school as imperative, viz., between 7 and 13 years; of these 53 were receiving no education, or only such as could be given at home, and in the majority of cases it would no doubt be totally neglected, The comparative number is not large, being but a trifle over 13f per cent.; still, when the advan tages of education are taken into consideration, and the facilities for obtaining it placed within the reach of the poorest, the result of the canvass should have been 'more satisfactory. Good has already resulted from the visit of Mr. Maddison by the increased attendance at our State school, many being new scholars. The majority, however, are those whose attendance in the past has been very irregular, and whose names, are credited in the return as attending school: The following letter has been received by Mr. Josiah Boothby, G.M.G., from Sir P. Cunliffe Owen, K.O.M.G., C.B., O S.I., secre tary to the Boyal British Commission at the Paris Exhibition:—*' 109, Victexia street, October 1. — Sir— I have the honor to inform, you that X have this day de livered to the Agent-General for South Aus tralia the silver medals and diplomas awarded by the International Jury at the late Paris Exhibition to the following exhibitors from South Australia : — F. G. Waterhouse, natural history collection, diploma; Moonta and Wal laroo Mining Company, copper, diploma and medal; Price Maurice, angora-skins, diploma and medal ; Hon. John Crozier, wool, diploma and medal; Samuel Chiles, olive oil, diploma and medal; Saml. Davenport, olive oil, diploma and medal ; A. M. Bickfordi Sons, cordials, diploma and medal; F .O. Davis, cordials, diploma and medal ; Thomas Hardy, wine, diploma and medal. The silver medals awarded to Dr. JR. Schom burgk for herbarium, Allen Bell and John Biggs for wheat, and to S. Smith & Son for wine, being found incorrect, are retained by ma for return to the French Commission in order that they may be corrected. I regret to have to inform you that the bronze medals and honorable mentions have not yet been received from the French authorities. I am, &c;, — Philip Guslvfpe OWEN.' The medals and diplomas handed to the Agent- General may be expected by the next mail. The contract for the construction of the second section of the main Adelaide drainage sewer was signed on Monday, November 24, by Messrs. Walker, Swazm, b Styles, the con tractors who are at present constructing the Port Adelaide Dock. The contract.ie a schedule one, and thus the total cost of the work con tracted for cannot be distinctly stated. The approximate lump sum, however, is £31,431 6a. 9d. The total length of the drain contracted i for is 16,850 feet, consisting of 6,900 feet of sewer and 8,250 feet of covered channel. The first section of this contract extends from the junction of the West-terrace branch with the main drain sewer near the Adelaide Gaol to the south side of the railway bridge over the Torrent, and measures 1,700 feet. The second part commences on the north side of the bridge, and ends at a point near the proposed sewage farm at Tarn o'dhanter Belt. It consists of 5,150 feet of sewer and 8,258 feet of covered channel. The drain fol lows the Northern Bailway line on the north eastern side pretty closely as far as the North Adelaide station level crossing. There it passes under the railway line to the other side, and tbe sewer extends as far as the Torrens-road. the railway line still being closely followed. At the Torrens-road the channel commences and passing through Islington terminates near the proposed sewage farm. Messrs. Wadding ton & Wright, the contractors for the construc tion of the first section of the sewer from near the large powder magazine in the police pad deck to the commencement of the second con tract, are pushing their work rapidly forward. They save built some portion of the sewer and have a large number of men continuing the ex cavations. The Marine Board sat on Tuesday morn ing, November 25, to enquire into the ground ing of the steamer James Comrie on the north bank of tbe Port River on the night of Monday, November 10. There were present Captain B. H. Ferguson, S.M. (president), Captain J. W' Smith,J.P.,CaptainD.Tapley,andMr.-J.Formby (wardens). William Hodge, mate of the James Comrie, said the vessel lef t Edithburgh on the day in question at about 5 p.m. The weather was squally and there was a strong west wind blowing. First saw the Port Adelaide light at about half-past 9 o'clock. Witness was then at the wheel and Captain Bartlett was on deck in charge. On nearing the coast saw the steamer. Emu, and steered to leave her on the port side, but immediately after passing her the vessel touched the ground on the north bank. Pat the helm hard-a-port, steamed ahead, and got into the channel. Then went up the river and anchored at the North Arm. After coming off the north bank the anchor was let go by the captain's orders, and it was lost with the chain just off the first black beacon, in consequence of the end not being fast. Did not see any of the gas beacons lit up, though expected to find them so. Had they been lit the vessel would not have grounded. There were 110 passengers on board at the time, and there were two boats of about 200 cubic feet capacity. The vessel was licensed to carry 180 excursionists. Captain Bartlett said he would not have attempted to come in that night had he known that the beacons were not lib. He considered them a great boon to small vessels. He thought the steamer Emu was at anchor, and he attributed the accident to the mistaking of the Emu's light for a gas beacon. The beard found ' that the grounding of the James Comrie was at tributable to the fact that the master mistook the Emu's light for the first gas beacon. Captain Bartlett appeared to have used all seamaulike precautions whilst entering the Port River, aud there are no grounds on which to bring a charge against him. He is, however, cautioned to be more careful in future respecting the condition of the; vessel's anchors and chains.' On Saturday afternoon, November 22, about thirty-five of the employes of Messrs. W. Duffield & Co., of the Union Milis, Gawler, met at the Commercial Hotel in that town for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr. George Levick, who has been in Messrs. Duffield's employ for a period of 17 yeare,and who is about to leave the Union Mills to take charge of the milling department of the Adelaide Mills at Wallaroo, recently taken by Messrs. Duffield and Co. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. J. Gordon, who, in proposing thd health of the guest, spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Levick's character. He was a man who by strict integrity and by his goodwill towards his fellow employes had worked himself up to a position which he might justly feel proud of.' (Applause.) The chairman then handed to Mr. Levick on behalf of those present a handsome and massive blacfc marble clock inlaid with malachite and heavily emb'ssed with gilt. The gift bore the following inscription neatly engraved on a plate of silver :^-'Pre; sented to Mr. Geo. Levick by his fellow employes on the occasion of his leaving Gawler, November 22, 1879.' The toast was drunk amid rounds of applause. Me. Levick, who on rifling was received with cheers, spoke in feeling terms as to his connection with, the different associates he had mingled with ia the employ of the firm. He deeply thanked them for the kind gift they had made to him, and said although he was to be removed to Wal laroo their present would always remind him of the many happy hours he had spent in their midst. Mr. J. M. Michell proposed the health of Mrs. Levick and family. Other toasts fol lowed, and it was stated that such was the good feeling entertained towards Mr. La vick outside the firm that upwards of twenty gentlemen had ' expressed a wish to contribute towards the pre sentation. The company broke up at an early hour after a very pleasant afternoon had been spent. One of the many interesting exhibits at the National Exhibition and market now open at the Agricultural Hall Islington* is, says the Times of October 4, a collection of specimens of phylloxera vastatrix, shown under the microscope by Mr. Kichard Blandy. The insects are here to be seen, either alive or dead, in the different stages of their growth. Mr. Leacoek, the owner of the vineyard in Madeiia whence tike specimens here shown were brought, has, with a magnifying glass, while lying on the ground in early snu .mer, watched the fully-developed insects coming to the surface through cracks in the earth. When above ground they spread their wings, and seemed to be blown away rather than to fly. Some of the winged insects are shown. In a little pamphlet distributed to visitors it is stated that an Maderia Mr. Leacoek has suc ceeded in checking the general destruction of the vines on his estate. His mode of dealing, with phylloxera is to lay bare the underground stem and principal roots of the vines as far as this may be done safely. The loose bark, on which the insects are generally thickly clustered, is burnt, or put into boiling water. The lower part of the stem and the roots are then coated with a preparation of turpentine and resin, about 3J oz. of finely- powdered resin being added to each quart; of turpentine. When gently heated the mixture becomes thick enough to form a cohesive coating to the roots. This stuff destroys tbe insects touched by it, and those lower down, prevented from working upward, die off as their food fails by^ the destruction of the roots below them. The turpentine mixture is applied in the autuma and winter, and the plants are at the same time well manured. There may not be any very marked improvement in the first year after this treatment, but next year the new roots will have been thrown out, and the plants will not require to be treated in this way again for four or five years. Some wine made from the fruit of plants that have thus been saved and restored to health has been sent to this exhibition. Other vine-growers in the island, it is added, are adopting Mr. Leacock's plan of dealing with the phylloxera, and so far as Madeira is con cerned the plague is believed to be stayed. Some time ago Colonel Dowries, on be half of the Local Military Force, challenged thirty members of the Military Force of Vic toria to fire a match against a similar number of our men with Martini-Henry rifles. Un happily a difficulty has arisen which appears likely to prevent a match of this kind taking place, at least at the present time. The Vic torians wish the match to be fired in the back position, while our volunteers say that it should be fired in a military position, and that the back position is not included in the military positions for firing. Negotiations oa the subject have been going on for some time, but neither party appears to be willing to forego the point. Major Godwin states that there is no possibility of any match coming off if the point is insisted on, while Colonel Anderson has written ia similar terms. The latest information on the matter is that Colonel Anderson has written to Major Godwin, stating that he thought there was a possibility of his getting up a second team, which would, however, not include some of the best riflemen in Victoria, to fire a match with South Australians. The following notice has been posted outside the Staff Office :— ' In tercolonial Eifle Match — Victoria v. South Aus tralia. Members of the volunteers wishing to shoot (if the rifle match can be arranged) are invited to send in their names to the Staff Office.'* The secretary of the South Aus tralian National Kifle Association (Mr. J, Mann), informs us that C&ptaia; BlanniB, the Victorian representative, has been in communication with the executive of the association and that there is a possibility of a match being arranged between selected teams from the two colonies. Captain Blannin represents the Victorian Rifle Association as much as the Victorian military, and would be happy to arrange for a match between its members and some of the South Australian riflemen, but the same difficulty as to position has also cropped up in this case. A suggestion has been made to the effect that a match should be arranged be tween members of the Victorian and South Australian Rifle Associations, by which the re presentatives of the sister colony may fire in any. position they please, while our own men will stick to the military regulation positions. ? So far, however, nothing definite has been decided, and in any event this match would have to take place after harvest, as some of the best shots of the association will be busily engaged during the next; few months. We have seen a machine at the Aerated Bread Factory, Waymouth-street, which is likely to prove a most desirable introduction into that and similar establishments. The machine is for mixing dough, and is made by Mr. Alex._ Slight, of Edinburgh, and has only lately been obtained by the company. Bunning through a large dough trough capable of holding a thousand pounds of flour, there is an axle having iron beaters which are caused to revolve by an engine. In the bottom of the trough the usual mixing elements are placed, known by the trade as 'liquor,' and then five bags of flour are emptied in, and tbe work of mixing commences. In six minutes, as was proved on two occasions on Thursday, the work is finished, and the dough ready for the various pur poses to which it is put. The firm claim for this machine, and very rightly,, that it is a much cleaner process than where manual labor is used, as in the latter case a certain amount of mois ture from the men's bodies must necessarily come in contact with the dough. Another ad vantage is the quick time in which the work is accomplished, as the mixing of a thousand pounds of flour in the ordinary, way takes two men three - quarters of an hour, and keeps them pretty hard at work. 'We believe this is the only machine of the kind in the colonies, and certainly as affording a cleaner method of making our farinaceous food it is worthy of consideration by other firms. A casual glance around the Aerated Bread Com pany's establishment betokens very clearly that the principle ' cleanliness is next to godliness ' meets with recognition there. The yeast is prepared on the premises, and in such a manner as to leave no doubt of its purity. Kent hops are used in its manufacture. The butter under goes a process of *' pickling,' if it may be so called, in limewater, which has been recom mended by members of the medical profession, we understand, as a healthy contrivance. The engine is of 12-horse power and the boiler of 8-horse power ; there are nine ovens and a sub* stantially-built kiln 15 x 30 feet. A special fea ture in the establishment is the manufacture of bread from flour prepared from the best wheat obtainable. There are also a large quantity of ships' biscuits made, one contractor alone taking 500 tons. The company have also the Government contracts. Mr. Elliot, the manager, informs us that between £70 and £80 a week is paid in wages, and that about 17 tons of flour for bread and five or six tons for biscuits are consumed weekly. The company has obtained two South Australian certificates of merit aud a medal from the London Exhibition of 1873. ' It is our painful duty,' states the Clare paper of November 25, ' to record the death of Mr. T. H. Hosier, of this town. Only a few weeks ago he caught what seemed to be a slight cold, and though it confined him to his house nothing serious was apprehended. The cold, however, deepened so as to cause some uneasi ness to his family and friends, and developed into pleurisy, which refused to yield to medical treatment. He gradually sank under the disease, and on Friday night, November 21, death stepped in and made a sad gap in a loving circle. Mr. Hosier was the only son of the late Henry Nye Hosier, of Adelaide, and when young was sent to St. Peter's College, Adelaide, where he received his education, and while there credit ably distinguished himself. After leaving college he served his articles with Mr. Moulden, solicitor, and was afterwards called to the bar as a practitioner of the Supreme Court. About eleven years ago he came to Clare, and soon had a large practice, and was invariably retained in important cases because of bis marked ability in his profession. He was a member of the Bench of Magistrates, and was admirably qualified for discharging his duties in that capacity. On November 26, 1873, he was elected major of Clare, which office he held for three years. In 1878 he was appointed chair man of the local school board of advice, retain ing the appointment up to the time of his death. He was of a genial disposition, mirthful mood, and exceedingly liberal, and was there fore much respected and his company courted.. His death has cast a gloom over the town and neighborhood, for he passed away in the very prime of life, being only 35 years of age, and has left a widow and three children to mourn their loss. On Sunday a very large concourse assembled to pay their last sad tribute of respect to the departed. They followed his remains to the Clare Cemetery, the hearse being preceded by the BIyth Rifles, cem manded by Captain Roberts, and next to the hearse were the mourning coaches, which con tained Mrs. Hosier and family and relatives. The members of the Clare Rifle Company (under; Lieutenant Provis) and the volunteers followed immediately after, the deceased having been captain of the former. The members of the Masonic order came next in honor of their departed brother. The procession was more than half a mile long. There were forty-five vehicles, and many of the occupants had come from long distances. Representing the legal profession were Mr. Poster (of the firm of Mann and Foster), Adelaide, and Messrs. Nash and Packard. There were gentlemen from toe Burra, Auburn, Laura, Gladstone, Georgetown, and other distant parts of the colony. Tbe Rev. R. B. Webb officiated at the grave, and when the solemn, and touching service of the Church of England was concluded the riflemen fired a salute over the grave. Nearly 2,000 persons were assembled.' The minds of many colonists have lately been much exercised on the subject of spiritu alism, and' seances' have for a long time been a topic of conversation in private life. There is no doubt that the movement has of late re ceived an impetus from the advent of Professor Baldwin, the 'exposer,'and Mr. Tyerman, the ' believer,' and now it is said that a large number of sober-minded members of our com munity can be claimed as thorough-going spiritualists. The newest sensation in Adelaide is that of the spirit photographs and paintings, which have been exhibited in the shop window of Messrs. S. Marshall & Sons, and which we recently noticed in a brief paragraph. 'We then described these productions in the following terms: — 'In the photographs a party of gentlemen are seated at a table, and a shadowy figure, which presumably is intended to repre sent a. spirit, is seen in the foreground.' The paintings need not be again referred to, as they have no connection whatever with the sub ject we ate bow dealing with. On Friday morning, November 21, Mr. George Freeman, the manager of the Melbourne Photographic Com pany, called at our office, and stated that he had discovered how spirit photos were pro duced. At his request a reporter was dispatched to his office, and in a few minutes after his arrival Mr. Freeman announced that he was ready to call up the spirits. Accordingly our reporter and two of Mr. Freeman's assistants took their seats at a small table at one end of the portrait room. They were desired to pre serve as serious a demeanor as was pos sible under the circumstances, and to rest ! their hands lightly on the table in the orthodox fashion. In a few minutes Mr. Free man announced that everything was ready, and that the spirits had fulfilled their mission. A move was then made to the dark room, and the usual washes having been applied to the sensitive plate, the figures of the sitters came out with two peculiar lights hovering over them. The similarity of this portrait to those in the posses sion of Mr. Samuells was strikingly apparent, and if a spiritualist had seen them he would no doubt have claimed that they had been pro duced by some agency not generally supposed to be in harmony with the laws governing the earth. Mr. Freeman next undertook to explain the modus operandi by which he was able to rival the spirits in photography. A piece of glass was properly prepared and placed in the slide in the ordinary manner. Mr. Freeman then closed the slide and took up a piece of common cardboard having two irre gular holes cut in it. This he placed on the front of the slide, and withdrawing the frame opened the window of the dark room so as tf allow the light to fall through the hole3 in fcr J cardboard on to the sensitive plate for the sp»oe of half a second, then closed the window and the frame of the slide, and announced that all was ready for the second experiment. He ex plained that the action of the sun when the slide was exposed had imprinted on the plate the necessary light blotches or ' spirits,' and that when the sitters were photographed the representation would be similar to those ex hibited at Messrs. Marshall's. The original formula of sitting round the table was repeated, and the spirits of Messrs. Jones and Smith having been solemnly invoked the camera did its work, and the result was a greater success in the matter of clearness than on the first occasion. It will have been noticed that the photos said to have been done by the agency of ghosts appear to have been produced in the dark as is claimed for them. Mr. Free man's photos also possess, this effect, which he explains is brought about by the ' under ex posirg' of the sensitive plate, as they were taken in the ordinary light room. Mr. Freeman feels confident that he has discovered the means whereby spirit photographs are produced, and he intends to prosecute his experiments still further. Whether his theory be true or not the fact remains that he is able to bring about similar effects to those claiming to have been accomplished in a very different manner. Mr. Freeman would possibly not object to persons feeling an interest in the matter seeing1 the photographs he has, and no doubt he will give them a position in his studio. 