The late Rev. W. H. Clarke. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir,-I enclose a letter from my dear old friend W. B. Clarke, the geologist. God knows it is far from my wish to parade my pride of acquaintance with the great physicist. My object is twofold : first, to add an atom to medical science by his description of the extraordinary affliction that befel him as to vision ; secondly, ! to afford his future biographer an item of intelligence respecting the august " pluck " of the grand old man who, in his 78th year, coolly writes, " I must forego the opportunity of going into the field again [I had wanted him to test a certain portion of Queensland] except on occasions of necessity." Yours, etc, W. CARR-BOYD. Belle Vue House, April 21. My Dear Sir, -I am very thankful for your truly kind and welcome letter of the 5th instant. It reminds me of the pleasant visit I made to Tasmania, and of the agreeable party I met at Mr. Chapman's, when I think I had the honor of introduction to you. Since then I have had much hard work to do, and many serious trials of sickness to struggle with. Not the least of the latter was an attack of whooping cough of a most violent kind, which came on in September, 1871, and lasted till September, 1872, leaving behind some very unpleasant effects. In the winter of 1874 my left eye showed symptoms of an affection, which still remains, produced by the violent straining of the cough. It became out of focus,' protruding visibly, and producing double vision, so that I saw, first ghosts behind people at table, then increasing to palpable form, when I saw them with two heads one behind and slightly aside the other-with four eyes, age. It was the same with landscapes-one horizontally seen, another above it in the air very distinct and much magnified, but at about an angle of 12 from the true horizon. This has now much diminished. The cause was that each eye saw independently, and owing to the indirect twist of the eye one vision was oblique. You may imagine what it was to see communicants during the administration of the Lord's Supper each with two heads, are, as occurred to me in June, 1874 and to see every line in a book refracted over on that really above it, or to write two lines at once. I have not officiated since then at a full service in church, and as I resigned my charge at St. Leonard's in 1870 I have only had to work as occasion required. I have had, however, to visit the hills for change of air, and have done occasionally some geological work, besides addressing the Royal Society of New South Wales. I have nevertheless resigned my trusteeship of the Australian Museum, followed by an address from my co-trustees, in acknowledgment of nearly thirty-five years' service. I am now taking the world easy, so only work when I can. I am much obliged for your notice in my behalf of Goikie's consideration of Sir R. M's chum. I have really had much to complain of as to the way in which my friend Sir Rodo rick acted about it. Geikie puts it that the great geologist did not know what I had been doing, which is an apology for what he did 1 know-namely, all I had done and was doing. Putting aside all inherent self-conceit on my part, I must say my friend Geikie has written a most honest piece of biography, and his book will earn for his candor and sound judgment much kudos. There is an article in the Edinburgh Review by another friend of mine, which I have not seen, and is only just published in England, and therefore cannot arrive 'here till September or October. I believe he too has put the" difficulty" between Professor Sedgwick and Sir Roderick on the right basis, as has the Glasgow Herald, May 7, 1875. Beyond the truth I don't care a fig about it but of course I don't like to be snubbed or ignored unnecessarily. You seem surprised I have never got among the worthies of the "Men of the Time." The fact is, I never sought the distinction. But i it so has happened that what my friends did not in England some one who knows my history did for me in a Sydney paper, and as I have a copy of the article I forward it to you. I have added one or two items up to date, which could not appear or were forgotten. Of course if you think a selection from that article would serve me at home, I could not object to such kind interference. In 1860 some of our late judges contributed a pamphlet to the purpose, and the result was, a pension of £200 was settled on me by the Government; but in 1861 I was called before the House and examined in commit- too for three days, and after three nights' debate the pension was recalled (as a thing objectionable to Parliamont),inda sumúf £3001 (mark the solitary one pound) given instead certainly not an equivalent and this was for twenty years' work. I will procure, if I can, a copy of the report referred to by Professor Geikie, and send it to you. Respecting an exploration of Queensland, I have already reported on some of it or on its southern goldfields, and would be truly happy could I see more of it. But I am now in my 78th year, and unable to camp out for any period of time, and I must forego the opportunity of going into the field again, except on occasions of necessity. I have forwarded to you by this mail my last two published addresses to the R. S. I have also sent a newspaper report of the last, which is to appear in a more acceptable form by-and-by, when the Government printer has leisure. You will also have a copy of the third edition of my remarks on the sedimentary formations, which will be shortly in print. . I ventured to forward these trifles, because you seem to be interested in my proceedings, and I feel flattered by your attention. I I am very glad you have charge of so influential an institution as a public journal [this has reference to my editorship of a southern periodical] with an extensive sphere of usefulness, satiaüod as I am that a right-minded editor of such a periodical has an infinite field of usefulness in society, especially in such countries as these, I wish you all professional success and abundant reward in conscience and pocket. I shall be glad to hear that you will have received my brochure, and remain, my dear but your very faithful friend and servant, W. B. Clarke. Branthwaite, North Shore, Sydney, August 11, 1875. 