OENJilh'AL EXTRACTS. ' Monster Cigar Snip.—Mr. Wynans, the American millionaire is building in the Olyrlo a monster oipnr ship at a cost of oloso upon £200,000. She is to bo of 4000 or'5000 Ions burthen, and I is it estimated by her owner that Bbe will bo able to cross tbo Atlantic in five dnys. This will be the third veasol of the same tvpo that Mr. Wynans has built. The other two are much smaller, and aro w.ell known to all who fre* quent the Solent in the summer. It is understood that tho three vossIb, from first to last, will have cost over £400.000. Captain Standisii.—A country news paper gives currency to a rumour that Captain Standish is to bo asked to resign his position of chief commis sioner of police, on half pay. Ve understand (says tho ArguB) that though tho Government are not alto gether satisfied with the organisation of tbo police force, and that though .measures of reform in that department aro under consideration, no Bucb de cision has boen arrived at. Old Volunteers.—It may be remem bered (says tho Echo) that a deputa tion of old volunteers a few days ago wailed upon the lion. Colonial Secre tary to request that, in view of ^tbo forthcoming rifle matches of tlielSew Sooth Wales and Victoria, the Govorn mont should issue, say, 100 rifles to members of the old Volunteer Forco, in order to enable them to practice and fit themselves for taking part in these matches. Sir Henry Parkes at the time told tho deputation ho would make inquiry, and see what could be done towards meeting their wisheB. Since then, we learn, Sir Henry has informed Captain Cooper that be thought tho necessary rifles could be issued to members of the old Volunteer Force, in tho way the deputation had suggested. A Big Tiiing.—We clip the follow iug, which evidently refers to a well known Mud gee resident, at present on n visit to Victoria, from the Melbourne Telegraph We understand that a gentleman has recently arrived in this city who intends to claim one aore and n quarter of land in the vicinity of Swanstou and Little Collius-stceeta. He has with him papers which it is asserted aro Bnfficioufc to prove his claim. The value of the property is \- about £200,000. If the terms which the olaimant offers are not acceded to by the present holders of the land in dispute, a very protraofced law Bmt may be anticipated." Miraculous Escape.—The following story of a miraculous escape from death is related by the Ovens and Murray Advertiser of the 21st.: "One day last week a young man named Bell was engaged at the forge in connection with the claim Pride and Stranger's Reef, Hills borough, sharpening some pickaxes, and, as is customary, there was a tub containing water in which tho heated metal is plnnged to cool it after being shaped, standing near, and in this instance Bell had placed in this the picks he was sharpening; and in thrusting in one a great explosion followed, which blew the contents (even to the anvil) of the shed to the four windB of heaven, and completely wreoked tho edifice. Now comeB the most remarkable part of the story, for the -young man sustained no bodily injury with the exception—as may be conceived of a severe shaking of his j nerves, although tho tops of Jiis boots | were blown away, as were also the legs of his trousers paBt the thighs. It is surmised that a quantity of dyna mite must have fallen into the ^a'®r from an overhanging shelf, and the heated iron coming into contact with it, caused the explosion. Postmasters, Beware.—One day last •week a perBon called at the Braidwood post office during the time that several country people were aBking for their letters at the window, and requested Mr. Croft, the postmaster, to oblige him with three twopenny stamps in exchange for a sixpenny one; The roiuest was at once complied with, and no more was thought of the matter. At length, according to cuBtoro, Mr. Croft was counting his stamps, when he found amongst them a sixpenny stamp obliterated, which was, no doubt, the one given to him in exchange for the three twopennies. A trick like this is almost too contemptible to notice, further than to show bow an obliging official may be tricked by an unscru pulous person, who, taking advantage of the hurry natural when a number of people are waiting to be served, . palms off as genuine a counterfeit article. Mr. Croft, however, has made up his mind not to be l< bad ^ again in a similar manner; and while the delivery of letters is going on he will supply nobody with stamps, nor will be cash money orders during the same time. Seeond in Command.—A good story is told, which, I believe, is founded on fact, of General Clifford, who is now Lord Chelmsford's second in command. One day, in British Kaffraria, daring the Kaffir War of 1846-8, he was in the act of sitting down on the ground, placing one hand beneath him for the purpose. He felt something clammy to the touch, and found to his horror it was a puff-adder, a most venomous reptile. Another man with less self possession would have removed his hand, probably to be stung in the aofc. Not bo Clifford. With great presence of mind ho held the Bnake down firmly with one hand, with the other drew his clasp-knife from his pooket, opened it with his teeth, and then coolly severed the reptile's head from its body. If General Clifford displays the same quality of cool courage in a moment of great danger, he will prove a valuable lieutenant to the General-in-Chief in the coming campaign. Manufacture of Hens' Eggs.—One of the San Francisoo papers gives an account of a now industry that has arisen in that city, namely, the menu fncture of hens' eggs from inexpensive material. The albumen is imitated by a mixture ot sulphur, carbon, and fatty. matter, obtained from the slaughter houses and rendered stioky with muci lage. The yolk is mado of blood, phosphate of lime, magnesia, inuriate of ammonia, oleic and margario aoids, and coloured with chrome-yellow. The shells are shaped by a blow-pipe from a tnasa of gypsum (plaster of Paris), carbonate of lime, and oxide of iron. After the shells are blown the albumen is forced in through a hole in the small end, and sticks to the sides ; then tho yolk is added, and after being covered with more of tbo albumen mixture the Iiolo is sealed with cement ; the com plete oifsr '8 the" " rubbed_ pretty smooth mid laid aside for packing." It is uss rti'd that many barrels of thefie otjgs liuve been already chipped oast wurd for consumption ; and as a plea sant adjunct to meat from tbo "Blink butcher" they will no doubt be grate fully welcomed by British housekeepers in search of " cheap and nutritous food." The Separation.—Mrs. Morrell, the mother of Councillor Morrell, died somewhat suddenly on Monday, at the residence of her son, Mr. George Morrell, Wooler- etreot, Darlington. She had been bedridden for several years, and was 79 years old a week last Saturday. In her youth she was a member of the Milbanke household, when Lady Byron, after her brief and unhappy experience of married life, retarned to her father's bouse. Mrs. Morrell remembered to the last tbe painful sensation produced by Lady Byron's return. Her account of the tbe mysterious separation was very simple. After the birth of their only I child,. Ada, tha looseness of Lord : Byron's life led to occasional scenes, wbiob culminated as follows 1One morning at breakfast, when Lord Byron was in one of his tantrums, Lady Byron brought matters to a crisis by asking: pointedly, "Byron, am I in your way?" Byron, who was leaning against the mantelpiece, an Bwered, "Yes, damnably! ® y Byron immediately tobo and left tue room. She commnnioated with her family, and they sent a carriage and pair and brought her away. She never saw her husband, and "damn ably" was the last word from Lord Byron's lips which fell upon ber ear. Garibaldi's Programme. — Nobody knew tbe motive of Garibaldi croing to Rome. But his speoi.il friends of the extreme " Loft," the democrats out or tbe Chamber, and tbe avowed repub licnns who Bit in it, came around him. I The Kinir, too. visited him, sitting at bis bedside. And when be went to the Kine in return, His Majesty came 1 down to receive him in the garden of the Qnirinal. By many of the adverse political party the King was much blamed for this, aB it was deemed too ffreat a condescension. Bat we think His Majesty's feelingB may be readily understood and sympathised with Presently it was known that a meeting of the democratic and republican notables waB to be held, under the presidenoy of Garibaldi. It was bold undisturbed by any interference on the part of the Government, and the general made a speech, or rather read one which had been made for hjm. He said that the object of the meeting waa to unite into one body all the parties of tbe democracy (for there are several) ; some desiring an Italian one and indivisible republic, and some a federation of many republics, some proposing immediate war against the monarchy, and some "oppor tunists ") on principles on which they were all agreed, for the immediate attainment of universal suffrage and the abolition of the oath of fidelity to the dynasty taken by every deputy on aBBuming bis seat, and for the ulterior attainment of all those good things which Republicans everywhere promise to their followers. Among other mat ters Garibaldt's programme specially provides that none save property holders shall pay taxes, and that they Bhall be taxed on a progressive scale. The nation iB to continue well armed, in order to be ready when opportunity sha*l serve to strike a blow for the liberation of " unredeemed provinces " —i.e., the Southern Tyrol, Trent, and Dalmatia, all Austrian territory. And this is the moBfc mischievous part of his utteranoes ; for it is, of course, calcu lated to produce disquietude and trouble abroad. Shocking Occurrence.—A shooting fatal occurrence took place on Monday afternoon last at Hunter's Hill, near Sydney. A man named Joseph M'Govern, a resident on the Hill for for many years, during which tims^ he bore a character of great respectability, while under the influence of passion shot his wife dead. About 1. o'clock in the afternoon, M'Govern, who had been away from home, returned to his resi dence and quarrelled with his wife. Her brother was present at the time and he took the part of the sister, and coming to blows with M'Govern gave him a beating1. This so enrnered M'Govern, who was under the inflnence of liquor at the time, that he took down a double-barrel shot.gun, which was in tbe bouse already loaded, and turninc the weapon on his wife dis charged it nt her with such effect that she died in tbe course of a very few minutes. M'Govern, immediately on seeing what be had done, pave, himself up, and waa taken to the Ryde Police Station, where he was_ charged with oaUBing the death of his wife. Mr. Bowdeu, the coroner for the district, held an inquest on the body of Mrs. MrB. M'Govern, at Cunio's Hotel, near where the occurrence had taken place, and, after bearing the evidenoe of tbe deceased's brother, and three other witnesses, the jury retnrned a verdict of manslaughter against M'Govern, who was accordingly committed to take his trial on the charge at tbo next sittings of the Central Criminal Court. M'Govern kept a dairy, and supplied a great part of tbe Hill with milk. He waB also in the habit of doing garden ing and sundry jobs of various kinds— in faot, he was generally known as a "handy man," ready to undertake almost any kind of work. He was in general quiet and inoffensive, and only passionate when under tbe influeuce of liquor. A Welsh Ghost Stori-.—A strange ghost Btory (says the Birmingham Gazette) oomes from the Principality. There iB a friendly society at Pontar dawe, in tbe Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceased member shall not be paid in cases of suioide. One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the olub accordingly refused to pay the death money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members are now complain ing that they ore subjected to serious persecution from an unseen and pre sumably a gboBtly agent. The manifestations began on a reoent Sun day, when one of theofficerB, returning home over a lonely road, waB assailed, as ho asserts, by the spirit of the late member, who, failing to obtain a satisfactory reply to his demand for the money, in a somewhat iMBpiritlike manner assailed tbe unfortunate man, vnd aotually " tore his olothes to rib bons." Such, at least, was the account 16 gave, in toneB of horror, at the first public-house he came to after this encounter, Bat the ghost does not appear to have been satisfied with this iliMnonslnitioi). On the following Tuewdny evening) whilst the members were usso'ubled in the lodgeroom, tbo usual knocks were heard at the door »s of a brother seeking admittance. ' The door was opened, but no one was to bo Roen. The members, however, are all very certain that tboy beard tbo voice of the deceased utter the words : " Pay my widow ray funeral mouey, and then I shall be at rest." Tlio meeting precipitately broke up, and the members are now puzzled to know what to do with such a deter mined deceased brother. A Religious Dispute.—Mr. J. E. Moulden, churchwarden and member of St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, South Australia, called n meeting of the members of the church in reference to tbo Ritualistic tendencies of the Rev. E. C. Elcum, bishop's chaplain, who trains the Sunday-school scholars. Mr. Moulden moved a resolution that it was not adviBablo that Mr. Elcuin should in any way be brought into contact with the children of St. Bartholomew's Sunday- school, and that the superintendent be requested not to invite him for the future to inspect the chifdreo in singing. The resolu tion was negatived, and an amend ment carried that the matter be left in ihe hands of the incumbent. The first concert under tho auspices of the Wagga Musical Society was held at the Masonic "Hall on Thursday eveniug, Mr. F. \V. Ilara-cr acting aB conductor. The hall was well filled ; the whole of the front seats •were fully occupied. Tho gallery was occupied by tho more noisy part of the com munity. The lir&t; part of the performance \- consisted of .Sacred Music, several of the pieces being given with brilliancy. "Gloria in Excelsis " and the "Hallelujah Chorus" being about the best that was rendered. Tho second part consisted of what was termed Secular. Judging, however, of the terrific bursts of applauso which was ac corded the various amateurs, some present must have viewed the productions as angelic. Altogether the members of the Musical Society are worthy of the highest praise in this their first effort before a public audience. Mr. Harmer's exertions in working up the Musical Society is worthy of praise. In the interest of the cultivated musical taste of the people, it is to be hoped ho will not tire of the work he has undertaken. The concert was not alone a success, but the size of the audience was proof that a Musical Societ}' such as has been inaugurated, only requires energetic action to obtain a permanent home in Wagga Wagga. The ladies and gentle men who compose the Musical Society may rely upon public sympathy. It will recognise the amount of self-denial it requires to leave their homes to atteud the practices on cold, wet, winter evenings. We have no hesitation in saying they acquitted themselves credit ably. It has been suggested that the Mayor of Melbourne should call a public meeting to express sympathy with the ex-Empress ot the French upon the lamentable and untimely death of tho Prince Imperial, whilst fighting ps a..volunteer in the English army. Could not our Mayor follow suit ? Tiwt following return, showing the number of general and miscellaneous licenses to cut timber, &c.;, on Crown Lands, in the Wagga Wagga district, under tho Timber Regulations, issued during tho quarter ending 31st March, 1870, i3 published for general information :— J. NVinnclI, hardwood, 10d.; S. Bailey, do, lOi. j J. Arthur, do, 10s. ; A. George, do, 10s. William Fhaser, of Wngga Wagga, has surrendered his estate. Cause of sequestra tion : Loss of 7000 sheep by the drought, &c.; Liabilities, £105 14s ; assets, £o. Mr. R.. H. Semphill, official ussigneo. Joseph • Hanson, of Wagga Wagga, butcher, has become insolvent, on petition and schedule. Caused' by losses through and in business. Mr. Semphill. oflleinl assignee. THE bauks (says the Leader) are in a state of perturbation, because they have received the six months' nutice required under their contract with the Government before tho withdrawal cf the public funds now lodged in their coffers. Seeking to make political capital out of the event, they appeal for public sympathy because the State chooses in its own interest to ask for its money now lying in tlieir hands. The reason of their outcry is easily understood. The banks, as everyone kuows, have a grudge against present Government because a little while ago Mr. W. Collard Smith disallowed them a large amount of black-mail, no less than £18,000, which *tliey intended to levy upon tho pretended transmission of public money to England ; and on several occasions tho Ministry have shown that they preferred the interests of the taxpayers to those of the banks. We know, too, the banks are trading ou insufficient capital, and keeping money at a high price in the market to their own profit and tho inconvenience of the public, and we can perceive that the withdrawal of about £200,000 of public money will therefore be no slight strain upon these scantily supplied institutions. Uinc itlce lachrymal! But it may be asked, what is the object of the Ministry in giving this notice '! The answer is very simple. They are still consulting the interests of the taxpayers, who are being eoiuewliat victimised in this wise. The pre sent contract between tho banks and the Government provides that the State should receive 3 per cent, interest upon its monthly balances. Yet when a few months back the Government found themselves likely to be in need of an overdraft, the banks demanded G per cent, interest. It may have been busi ness-like to ask the Government to pay twice as much when they borrowed money as they got wheu they lent it; but it can scarcely be considered generous or fair. Had a Conservative Ministry been in ollice with one or more bank directors in the Cabinet, doubtless the 0 per cent, would liavo been paid without hesitation. Tho Ministry now in power, however, bavins; managed to do without borrowing, has given notice to the bauks of the cessation of the contract between them, in order to obtain a new contract between them, in order to obtain a new contract, which will cause tho banks to pay a little more and charge a little less in future. The banks have no real grievance on their on their own account, and. it is preposterous for them to try to manu facture one on account of the public. It is pretended tlmt the necessity of providing for the withdrawal of the money when tho notice expires involves the necessity of re stricting accommodation for their customers j but where is the risk of the money being withdrawn at all if they agree to the new contract, which will no doubt be reasonable aud fair enough for all concerned ? The memoirof tho late Sir George Stephen carries one back a long way up the stream of history (says /Egles). In another land I was once represented by Sir George in a court of petty sessions. The Chairman of the bench was Mr. Wm, Bathboue, a somewhat passionate honorary magistrate, who before the case had proceeded for five minutes ordered Sir George, in a peremptory manner, to "sit down." Sir George was not to be silenced in that way. "Your Worship," ho said, ''has done that which the judges iu Westminster Hall would not dare to do— namely, you have improperly interfered with my undoubted rights on behalf of my client. I will not sit down." Nor did he. -That case lasted many hours, and I got the worst of it. Tho fact was that Sir George Steplieu had been a leading contributor of articles to a newspaper which missed no opportunity of exposing the absurd mistakes of ama teur magistrates, and consequently those gentlemen did not love bim as they ought. I very well remember Sir George consulting me about that time as to what his prospects would be in Australia, where I bad lately been. He said, " Do you thiuk that my paltry title, which is of no use to me here, would be of any service to me in Mel bourne ?" I told him that I thought not, but that his intimate knowledge of bank ruptcy law and procedure would probably be of great advantage to him. Some time pre viously Sir George Stephen distinguished liimsclt as an advocate. His Holiness the Pope had conceived a design of apportoiniug England into ecclesiaat'cal sees. Lord John Kussell wrote a letter on tho subject to the Bishop of Durham which stirred up much religious and party strife. Feeling ran so high that at Birkenhead there was a riot, a number of Irish dock-labourers and navvies beleaguering the police in tho court en court enclosure, sticks aud stones beiug freely used. The ringleaders were, however, arrested, and placed on their trial. They had no means, and Sir George Stephen volunteered to defend them, which he did so skilfully that he Becured their acquittal, to the astonishment of every one, and to tho enhancement of his reputation as a barrister. In the letter of a lady living in the north of Ireland (says " /Egles," in the Australa sian,) I find this account of a pattern land lord just dead—Lord George Hill, uucle to tho Marquis of Downshirc. 14 Many years ago he bought a large property at Gwccdore, a wild part of Donegal—so wild that those who do not know what a remote district in Irelaud is can scarcely conceive it. Jle lrid his plans for the improvement of the inhabi tants, material as well as moral. He re claimed lauds, fouud them useful employ ment at fair wages, and devoloped habits of ludustry and tbrif. He established a marker for such things as they could bring ior dis- i posal, opened a shop for the supply to them ! of necessaries at reasonable prices. (They •wero far from any market town.) He took out a licence in bio own name, built a church and a hotel, and made a secluded place the resort of pleasure-seekers from all parts of tho United Kingdom, who appreciated the good fishing and the beauty of the scenery. He was bo thoroughly iu earnest that he ac quired tho Irish language bo as lo bo able to freely communicate with his tenantry, moat whom It new 110 English, and had many books translated into their native tongue for their instruction and amuse incut I" Oh ! that such n spirit as this would dwell in tho bosom of every "reat landlord ! J ° Tuc Kitwoy election (rays tlio Age) lias iCHuIleu 111 tho return of the Conservative candidate by a majority of eigbty-two votes. Mr. Gray polled 1113 against Mr. Blackett's 1C25 ; and though the victory is not a large <n.-\ it is quite sufficient to p-t tho Cnu soi vativo cock crowing on its dunghill. Tho smallest triumph is thankfully received by a party that has been accustomed to nothing hut reverses, and Mr. Blnckett's success will ho magnified " to look to the eye as the eye likes the look." All tho augurs in the camp will be act to work to make the most of it. They will see in it tho approach of thaf* long heralded reaction in public opinion which is to displace Mr. Berry and put an end to tho reign of Victorian Liberalism. We shall be directed to look for the cause of it in tli£ dismissal of the civil servants, the adminis trative fussiness of Mr. Longmore, and Sir Brycn O'Loghlen's heartless refusal to take tho Conservative broad-sheets under his wing. It will toll the funeral knell of constitutional reform, nnd bo a distinct condemnation of the embassy and the plebeeite. [The failure of the Liberal party in Fit-zroy to return a candidate, it is only fair to say, was due solely to popular dislike of the candidate selected.—Ed. IF. IF./!.] It is generally believed (say? tho Argus) that the Government will take possession of the lines purchased from the Hobson's Bay United Railway Company at the commence ment of July, or at some time during the currency of that month. The exact date is immaterial, as in any caso the transfer must soon be completed, and the traffic come under the superiutendencc of the Railway Depart ment. As the time- draws near for effecting the change, residents in the suburbs and tho travelling public generally are getting anxious to ascertain what arrangements have been or are being made to carry on operations -with safety to their lives and limbs. We need hardly say that the most profound distrust exists in the efficiency of Government rail way management uuder the superintendence of Mr. John Woods. Besides tho direct profit which the land tax brings to the Treasury (says " Atticus," in the Leader), its imposition is likely to be of material benefit to the country at large. The other day I met a rich absentee land holder who had torn himself away from the pleasures of Europe to visit Victoria. In teighiug against the wrongs to which ho imagines his class is subjected, be exclaimed : "It is not so much the tax I object to as that I am obliged to come and live in this infernal country to look after my property." This is just the sort of gratitude we must expect from those men who have made every penny they are worth out of the country upon which they are so ready to deal damna tion all round. TnE following noteworthy passage occurs in an article in the WHcannia Times, of the 19th inst., advocating railway extension iu this colony :—" Before Victoria thoght fit to impose class taxation, by singling out the squatters' stock as a speciality for the Cos- 1 tom-housc officers to deal with, what, we ask, would have been the result of an inves tigation into the probable loss this country has sustained through the transmission of Southern Rix'erina stock and produce to Mel bourne in lieu of Sydney during the last 10 or 15 years ? A sum, no doubt, that would be sufficient to construct a double line of rails from the Murray to the sea twice over. The great secret of our future prosperity lies in the opportunity which is offered to our pro ducers to reach Sydney as a market of dopOt. We anticipate, in the course of a few years, that the trade of tho Darling will bo concen trated in Sydney, by direct railway com munication with that capital, and we shnll watch with iuteuae eagerness the eubjeob of railway extension as it may be discussed in Parliament, and advocated through the columns of the press." 