THE GHOST OP THE GUARD. BY AX AHEKCAN OFFICES. In 1S63, Hilton Head Island, in South Caro lina, was the head-quarfcers of a Federal corps. It was garrisoned by ten -thousand choice troops from seven different rtates-Port Royal Harbour was black with masts, and a hundred - ships carried tho American flag. Hilton Head proper was strongly fortified. It. contained vast stores of provisions and untold quantities of ammunition and implements of war. The l Confederates looked on with eager uyeay naturally desiring its possession, and thereiaie sent swarms of spies and pretended deserters to observe its strength and tako note of its weak point?. 'The land bordering on the sea: was defended by the iron-t-lads and aomo lino-of hittle-?hips, and tliat portion bordering on j5road ltiycr wsts lield by a siogle picket line of infantry and cavalry. . One dark and stormy night a picket on: a solitary' post was suddenly approached by what he thought was a human form. The intruder was apparently a powerful and well-built man, and wore a blue overcoat. He evidently did riot observe the picket at first, but kept ad vancing until the loud command to " Halt V* was given three times in succession, and tho sharp report of a rifle broke the midnight silence. The flash of the gun enabled the. picket to see the form iu the blue overcoat fall heavily to the ground as though pierced in a vital part. . The sentinel, supposing that a force of the army w«s iu hi's immediate presence, did not leave his post to observe the ; effete of his shot, but, j like a good soldier, stood his ground until the alarm brought speedy reinforcements. Having indicated to bis brother soldiers the spot where his dead ratm had fullezi, they lost no time iu examining the bushes; but, strange to. relate, nothing could bo found. After a thorough, search, and npon talking the. matter all .over, tbey concluded that the sentinel had mistaken a tree for a man, and w«re rather disposed to ridicule his story; but he stoutly persisted that he knew his baNiue*s, and was not fool enough not to'know thu difference between a -man and a tree. To be on the safe side, the picket was doubled'for the remainder of the night; but all remained quiut until morning. .At daylight a fresh survey of tho suspicious spr>t was made, and the soldiers were startled to find the footprints of a man! The} sud-. denly believed the picket's story, but were at a loss to know what had become of the intruder,. The iicxt night a different detachment was on duty, and the sune scenes were enacted over, agaiu, with the exception that the form ap peared at a different podt.- . Kach night, for a whole week, the picket line v/as k*»pt in constant commotion by th$ strange virtitor, apd fresh detachments were sent out, from . time to time, until there i was almost a continuous line of battle ; bo'lies of troops and scouts poured, the woods by day, and volunteers weru lying in the . swamps by night. In the meantime, the foot l priots whiph the visitor invariably left behind, L were measured, and found in every case to be i identical in shape and size. A company of the L lloth New York, hearing of tho affair ai}4 the ***^- and excitement it produced, requested I to tho identical.place for ono nieht. IcffeetftfftV' . sure that they could clear up'tbo Tho IHejH j mystery. '-"rs, after being accepted, re-, . The ttar'YVMV. -id, in placing their videttes; paired to t!i«Jino<> ccnutibri to always have the oflioorstook tbcp*- '- post, and, in tho inoro at least tffo men on eac4i' three or four., . All remote and expsse^ places 'ccessfiU, and they had an intense to "® ". -ssiblo. , Sliortly moved about ns qpletly o»9 .{T '-card a stick after midnight, Andrfl*, _"-ds dis tant. cnickin some dense bnfnes.a j tail fr.vass. He instantly diopped do?T aptness.. ,AU and peered out into the *ni monlcGfcf wi was as still as death for o wa8 a rusfclii ")g another 6tiek cracked and th. . inly, p ut in tho leaves. Ho clutched hi. it in. tl 10 his linger on the trigger, and pi ,e away at th e threatened direction^ Teady to blai. appearing, r first eight of any object. Nothing . been Smith concluded that, afterall,tt must. \0 forest ait alligator or some other denizen of tL 'eiv@d, that he heard. He was ppoedily undec *.<*>£ however, for the terrible form in blue 8. ^ >h. before him <re ho coold think. At first, 8mi. was startled and- almost thunderstruck; but, being naturally a brave nun, he quickly re coTcred his self-poasossion nnd fired his. gun, aiming #or the hreost of the form in front. Tho object fell with a deep groan, to tho ground there wa» stumbling inthebasbes for a moment, and all was still. A dozen spldlefs bounded to the *pot, bnt the man in blue was gone! - . ' They were perplexod greatly, and it was tl^e most wonderful mystery to all-how the "blue man " got away. - Some looked on with fear, a few voted it a capital joke, but nearly all de clared that the old fellow was a.'cute one. After that night no more was over heard or seen of the inun in blue on the picket line. One Sunday night the African ohurch at Hilton Head was crowded with colourod people. A negro.left the church in the midst of the services, and, impelled partly from fear and partly from love of country, he mado his -way to the'quarters of the general commanding. "With blanched cheeks, he declared that his ^ole masfia " was inthe church, disguised as a b.Utck'man. ' A squad of soldiers hurried to the.. church, and surprised "ole raassa" very sensibly , by placing him botween a file of bayonets and marchinglrim. to the guard-house. A vigor ous application .of water soon made his blaok face tolerably white. A search of his. person resulted in fiuding drawiugs of the Federal forts and full plans of our fortifications. His body was enveloped in a ' coat of mall, said to be bo Ue'fc .proof.' Finding himself caged, he made a clean breast of the matter, acknowledg ing .bitaself as the^man who wore tho blue over coat. His story was, that having entered the Federal lines as a spy, and coming in possession of the. desired information, he bccame very anxious to escape.1 Xight after night ho en deavour^ "to puss'the picket line, but was always d stectoa and fired upon by the vigilant sentinels. Ho was. frequently struck on his coat of m ail,.but the bullets invariably glanccd off,- and he escaped unharmed. ' When .a sentinel fired ho pretended to be shot; and then, under cover of the darkness and dense foliage, he alwayis managed to crawl away, before the soldier*, reached the spot." ! Ho waHheld asa'spy, tried, and executed.. 