PICTURES IN PARLIAMENT. RETRENCHMENT. Montana le s&tutamus.; Yes, indeed, the dying.salute you, dear reader, just^s did tM wretched gladiators who walked past Nero and thus made their reverence The Age -has "nagged" Mr Berry into a dissolution a February, and gloats over its uccess, while the Ministerial followers look black as thunder and curse David Syme and all his works—that on Political Economy, as well as the rest The Legislative Council look on the "dying snuggle of the . Assembly which 'has done BO much against their class, and laugh demoniacally. They ai-e, seeurevupon their ivelvet.cushions, shut these poor wretches, they have to go. ^ _ Morifcmi te salutamus. Print it the blackest of your type, dear editor, and put above it a skull and cross bones. Print also this notice At the TJnfimshedPalace, Bourke- street east, on the 20th February, Legislative Assembly aged two years and nine months, of a severe attack of reform on tho brain, aggiavated by an attack of disorganisation caught from Gaunson and Bent. Besmgam „ Assemblies, however, die veTy hard, and we may depend upon it that the Lower House will make H terrible noise before it gives ap the ghost. 3t!s last tick will .rather astonish the people The Legislative Copncil did not sit this week Certain venerable old gentleman. came and sat on the velvet cushions, and looked at one another sleepily, ' and .then ; toddled,.-,:away. to - their.,".carriages -con- 1 tentedly Happy Council' : The Assembly only sat two days, but they jnade up for the lost one by froth and fury. Bent to the fore, Gaunson all there; M . , , On.Wednesday Sir Munro in traducedwith • all due care the Council Reform Bill ag babv, aud really the cautious way in which the member for Carlton handled the. little hrat, • and while regretting its' imperfect stale,, said he intended to introduce a dissolution hero, a joint meeting i there, and a lower qualification in the 1 other place, was admirable The Hon . James is getting as acute as the great J. J. , He didn't want to annoy the Ministry, he' didn't "want, to annoy anyone, but he . thought-this bill should be considered andamended, and ho was sure the Council would agree to Ins amendments. - But he •! charmed in vam. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen looked at the banding with scorn, and producing the Ministry's own baby, said: that was champion of the show, and they wouldn't have the other' one on . any account- And Sir Bryan spoke sensewhen .he saidso, -bBcausethe-farpe : of:two, Reform Bills. .before the Assembly is a little too much If Mr Munro hoped to find the Ministry asleep he was considerably out. Ministerial members at once) fired upon him, and only J. G. Duffy was found to approve. The bill was.finally adjournedifor a fortnight, and Mr Munro: will ask next Tuesday the very silly ques-. tion. as .to whether the Government will. give him the whole of the 19th November for its consideration, And furthei, hether the 'Ministry Will oppose 7 it ? Will a fish swim ? After the refreshment hour, Mr -Berry moved, .that the House sit on Tuesdays - and..Thursdays -at', two. o'clock. Mr Gau son at once launched out against the country members, whom ho blamed for. this, .and said.-of . a : man had to earp a living he could not manage to attend. the* House,: whereupon the country, members -reminded him that if he talked less there-would be no necessity for two o'clock, sittings. • At -this Mr Gaunson was, very wroth. , The object of; the Ministry, said the -member for Ararat, was to run through-several swindles while - he was out of the House, but he would isee. them,:somewhere . first.- .The Oppo- ; •sitioii and the Corner would, keep watch, while he;-was absent, -and- when ho did, come, look out! that was all. If he could only get six members like himself and the member for Brighton 1, "If," said Mr Gaunson, aud he looked around in despair. The six good men. and true were; not: forthcomings and Sir Gaunson ,had-to! allow-, the,.motion to, pass:.contenting-him- - : self .with saying, that. the jneetmg • of - the House at two, o'clock would be ,useless. After, this, Mr Bent arose to make what' he intended io be a tremendous oration, but which turned out stale, -The French have a phrase,' JPowjowra perdrve (always pheasant), andfor Mr. Bent's delectation-I; would suggest he should slightly alter it to Toujour.? Tkrry (always Berry) and fix it on his hat. He took the Audit Commissioners' report as Ins text, and went at Ministers one after the other. He wasparticularly hard .on John Woods, . who sat still and studied plans of the Spencer^ aud .Flinders streets junctions The Opposition cleared out almost to a man, they wouldn't support Mr Bent, and the Ministerialists went;«ff to write letters to constituents or to otherwise- amuseifhem- But Mr Bent laboured on with his task for two mortal, hours. Mr.Bent' was neier made toi>e a great .speaker, he was .specially, madedo >,be a parenthetic, if I may coin a phrase. He should not: attempt longispeedhes. . After he ,had un: folded his .budget, Mr-P.urves, who had come in his-war.pamt, went to work. -He. was a trifle more subdued than usual, perhaps he dreaded that tho Speaker, would come down upon himj but for all that he allowed Ha hitter tongue to do; good work. Occasionally ie got Mm'sters into a Tage, and there was a " shine ". Then .Mr ( joopen the jnany-worded member for iCies ick, wanted to have the question adjourned, but of this Ministers -woul3 iiot-hear.-. ,Whileihe struggle went onfor the adjournmont-couriers were sent all over the House to Isee how matters stood The scoots arr ved: w th the information that the Ministerialists were* all 111 the House, wlule tlie Opposition and, the Corner were not so w$H represented..: :Mr.-3Iachaini liad - peeredrinio one room and there found fourteen" Ministerialists; enjoyings-whiskey and.tdudeens. i :ljnder aachcircumstancesadivision-wouldnever do. So after a good deal of spar ing, it was avoided Jby Mr,Berry givipg way to. the Speaker, who pleaded to be let oflt, as< ether^ise a stonewall would take place, - On Thursday the two -o'clock business was .tried, and for -thp first part of the sitting answered vary.welL Mr Zox was to the front inhibiting <hats invoiced at Is Id ana taxed 1000 per cent, but he could ^et no sjrmpSthy, poor man.4 Neither could Mr Bird, who championed| the Chinamen "and wanted the tax,taken off iice,j»nd who was defeated "by 32 to; 14\. The result .was that the tariff And; stamp duties were i-epoxted and,ordered^ io ,ba Made jn to .hills and read a first time,; post*office orders Wo- .exempted m Jhe tatter There was^a^ght over'the 'EstiS mates for^public-works Mr Goober said the Commissioner had ncreased the wenditareandtaadea-lotiofmppomtments; Mr Patterson saiS he hadn't, and the return obtained "by the Council ^wanted explanation 'Sodoajot-of things/'.said Bent The earlier {.art of "the evejft, ?as -devoted to ^stonewalhng -iy >Mr, ing was -dev tell to stonewallii Mason, aud, later on, tu Htmcv MI Gaunson. The Gippsland were to. the fore ^indeed ^ ght Hr Mason's trouble *a, the Licensing JfcU. He ^ to mone* paid-for licenses in the newshires of Buln Buln and Narracan paid back to the local councils Patterson wouldn't do it. Those places had already "had £16,000 of public money, and if South Gippsland and its members showe'd themselves too, -avariolous,.Parliament 'woulfl f tie disposed to .gi e them mo more Mr Gillies eon demnedMrJylasonTinreBerveaiy.-After a wlule that gentleman gave way on a promise boin? made ihat "a note would be-made of his wisheB " The amusement in committee of Bupply, with Mr Smyth m the. chair, was" gratad. - Mr Gaunson-was inline form. HB indulged in hits all round. First he referred to the "puzzle which members Iiad found m_ picking out who was the third rat m > i^itiicTi's cartoon of the rats headed by - the Age leaving the sinking ship "Berry". He was sure the third at was Mr Andrew. Hereupon the member for West Melbourne exclaimed in holy horror " There he is," pointing to MT Dow, who was at the table. Then~Mr Gaunson said he wished he could say of the hon. member of Kara Kara what the Age had said of himj that--it-was 'no- common-' rat,- that it was an audacious rat,- that walked . across theAoor with its tail erect.' "(Roars laughter, MrDow writingaway for bare life' — did he wTito rat "by mistake)—but, said Mr Gaunson, this was the meanest possible' specimen of a rat.' • 'Perhaps his boss, • the; GreatSyme, was a greater After eleven Mr Bent rose to establish; astonewall':"Mr Smyth ' Mr Smyth 1 Mister Smyth lie screamed. But the member "for North Gippsland was blind to the member for Brighton and declared the vote passed and vacated the chair. When Mi J mes, who was Acting Speaker, took his seat, there was an uproar Mr Gaunson de nounced Mr Symth and-said !« would stonewall his judgeship There 'would have been a late .sitting,only-Major Smithpromised to "bring on the Public Works vote.,agaiu,7and-it was'generally, affirmed thatMr Smyth would'explainon- Tuesday. On that,day there will, be a good • battlej aud so at half past eleven ' •- - I 'fhetmem'beTailed; - ' • -,::-.. The good-to-tied, 'llie wicked to roveiry, - . •;. 'HieStcciewallpair ,:. To talk to air ,r:.;.- : -And plot more-devilry. ••<-:•- 