SERMON (Abridged) preached in Cheist Church Pro-Cathedral, Ballaarat, on occasion of Ordination, St. Thomas's Day, 21st December, 1878, by Kev. William Chalmers, Incum bent of St. Paul's, Geelong. 2 Cor. v. 20 : ' 2Vorv then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us.' Our thoughts are necessarily limited this morning to the solemn and impressive service in which we are now called to take part. It will be a profitable thing for us all if we consider together for a few moments the nature of that sacred ministry upon which our brother is destined this day to enter among us, so that we of the clergy may be stirred up to give ourselves more earnestly to fulfil the duties of our nrrler. n.nrl that von. mv hrp.t.hrp.n. mar he lp.d f,r- Psfcp.p.Tn us verv hio-hl v in love, if not for our own, at least for our work's sake. We hear very often in theBe days of the dangers of ' sacerdotalism.' It is possible, I admit, that some among our brethren in England may hold and put forth views of the dignity, privileges, and powers of their sacred calling, which we cannot but regard as out of harmony with ' the simplicity of Christ j' but this, I venture to affirm, is not the danger which besets the Church of God in this land. The drift of thought among ourselves takes, in my judgment, an opposite direction. Our tendency is to look upon the clergyman (be he deacon, or priest, or bishop) as the official of a certain organisation which calls itself a church; one charged, for the sake. of convenience and order, with certain official functions for the benefit of the particular religious society to which he may chance to belong ; a sort of trained lecturer on the text of Scripture ; a moral policeman to maintain the decencies and proprieties of life ; an official philanthropist, whose duty it is to awaken human sympathies and to succour and console the needy and the suffering. Now, God forbid I should deny that the pastors and teachers of the church are public instructors in faith and duty ; that they do exercise a moral influence on general society ; that they do act as accredited agents of the grandest benevolent society the world has ever known. I. admit the truth of these statements so far as they go ; but they do not go far enough. The ministers of Christ fulfil higher functions- — functions which an unbelieving world would fain ignore, even when it fails to denounce. ' Now then,' says the apostle in our text, ' we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us.' In other words, we have beep appointed to duties which must be entered on in obedience to a divine call, and be discharged under the influence of a supernatural grace. That the ministers of Christ act under the authority of a divine commission is therefore no proud, self-assertive fancv of the ecclesiastical order, but a fundamental veritv of Christian faith. And this commission, we believe and are sure, has been handed on through the ages by an unbroken succession from the apostolic twelve, straight from the hands of Jesus Christ. Accept the New Testament as true, and I see not how the claim can be invalidated. After our Lord had risen from the dead, before He ascended to the Father, we read that He endowed those whom He had previously called to be His apostles with a large commission and specific gifts. ' Go ye,' He said, ' and make disciples, of all nations, baptising them .... teaching them.' And again, 'As My Father has sent Me, even so send I you. And when He had said this He breathed on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' After His ascension we are further taught that to the apostolic office other offices of ministry were added by the action of the same Holy Spirit then poured forth upon the Church. To apostles were added 'prophets and evangelists, pastors and teachers' (the whole being gathered into a threefold order), 'for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ ;' and this, observe, was done not for the benefit of one generation only, but for a continuance, till all who are called by the name of Christ should ' come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of His fulness,' in accordance with His gracious promise — ' Lo I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' When we assert, then, for the office of the Christian ministry a wider mission and higher duties than those of any worldly calling, however honourable or beneficent, we do so on the express authority of New Testament Scripture. So much for the fact which the text declares. Let us now briefly consider its value. Is it a dead fact, historically true perhaps, but otherwise unimportant ? Or is it a living truth, and full of spiritual power? Brethren, I cannot but regard it as a truth powerful for good alike to minister and people. To the minister it should serve as a call to humility, a stimulus to exertion, an incentive to boldness, a source of comfort under trial. A call to humility : for who among us is of himself sufficient for these things 1 This ministry is a grace given us, not for our worthiness, but that the excellency of the power may be of God; and not of us. A stimulus to exertion : for He it is that worketh in us, and worketh by us. An incentive to boldness : for individual defects are purged and hidden in the surpassing dignity of the commission we bear. It is more than likely that the parochial clergyman should oftentimes be hardly the equal, in intellectual and spiritual attain ments, of many to whom he ministers; but, falling back on the authority of Him whose ambassador he is, he feels that a dispensa tion of the gospel is committed to him ; and, surrounded, as he may be, by those who are more gifted or spiritually advanced than him self, he is bold to ' preach Christ crucified,' though to some his ministry may seem ' a stumbling-block,' and to others ' foolishness.' A source of comfort under trial : for ' it must needs be that offences come.' Failure, alas I will at all times be written on much we undertake, and disappointment attend our best endeavours. The temple of the Lord -in every age has been built up amid what to human eyes looks like defeat and miscarriage. We are called, not to success, but to labour ; yea, though we toil all night as fishers of men 'and catch nothing,' yet the sadness and despair which ever and anon come over us are restrained by the thought that not of our own mind, but at Christ's word, we let down the net. I pray God, my brother — called to-day to share this blessed responsibility — that the truth I would fain impress upon us all, may be to you, as the years roll by, a grow ing and increasing power. May it nerve your arm to labour, may it kindle your soul to zeal, and keep your heart and mind in quietude and peace I Be of good courage, and play the man in the work com mitted to you. If faith falters amid the perplexities that will throng about you, remember in that day 'the rock whence you are hewn.' That alma mater by whom you have been taught and trained for your sacred calling is one whose honours and renown you are per mitted to make your own. Many of her sons have done valiantly for Christ in many a field of conflict among their scattered country men and among the heathen. May you and I, as fellow members of the same collegiate foundation, be found not unworthy of the name we bear, and of the badge which marks us out as hers ! You are compassed about by a 'cloud of witnesses.' Lay aside, then, every weight, and run with patience the race set before you, looking unto Jesus. Make the words of the text your confidence and strength. Going forth this day from this holy house to bear forth good seed, doubt not that, at last, you shall come again with joy and bring your sheaves with you. And do you, my brethren of the laity of this Diocese of Ballaarat, receive him with all gladness, and hold such in reputation. ' Now then we are ambassadors for ChriRt, as though God did beseech you by us ;' we may be men of unclean lips in setting forth the mysteries of grace ; we may be less skilful, less earnest, less faithful than we would, yet in the servant hear the Master — through the ambassador ? receive your King. Finally, brethren, ' pray for us that the word of the Lord may have free course and be glorified ;' that ' not walking in craftiness, not hand ling the Word of God deceitfully, by manifestation of the truth we may commend ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.' ? . ... 