OF THE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. SPECIAL SESSION POR THE ELEC- TION" OF A BISHOP. THE REV. DE. PEARSON" ELECTED. [Fkom oub Owm Rfpobter.1 The Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle assembled in special session on Wednesday morning, in Christ Church Cathedral, New- castle, for the purpose of electing a Bishop of Newcastle in the room of the late Right Rev. WilliamJTyrrel], D.D. The members of Synod met together in the Church at half-past ten o'clock, and divine service was begun by the singing of Hymn 221, " Eternal God we look to thee." The Litany was then read by the Rev. Canon Selwyn, after which was sung Hymn 438, "The Church's one Foundation." The Venerable Archdeacon Child, Vicar General of the Diocese said-Dearly Beloved, I will now proceed to read the mandate of the Metropolitan, directing me to take the necessary steps for the appointment of a bishop. He read the mandate, as follows : Frederic, by Divine pennñnnn. Bishop of Sydney and Metí opolitan. Wherea-- bv L°ttera P.it«nf, undor the Great Seal of the United Kiotrd un of Gr^nt Britain and li eland, bearing date tb« nineteenth Jay of October, in the year of our Lord «»ne thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, hev Most Gracioui Majesty Queen Victoria was pleiicea to nominate nnd appoint us Frederic Burker, Doctor in Dmnitv, to bp Bishop of the See of Sydney. And it ia by the snid Letter- Patent or- dained th-vt the Bish in of the said Sea of Sydney shall be Moiropolitnn Bi=hop in Australia, subject nevertheless to the peneinl superintendence and re- vision of the Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, and subordiimte tu the Archi-Episcopal See of. the Province of Canterbury. And that the Bishops of Newcastle, Adehüde, and Melbourne, and also tbe Bishop (<f Tasmnnia, resD°ctively, and their BuceeB SOM, ihall be SuffriRan Bishops to the said Bishop ot Sydney, with full power fnd »uthority to the said Bishop of Sydney, as Metropolitan of Australia, to perform all functinnt pi culiiir and appropriate to the office of Metropolitan within the limits of the siid Sees of Newcastle, A dpi ii 5e, Melbourne, and Tas- mania. And whereas the Ri.'ht Reverend William Tyrrell. Doctor in Pivirity, Bishop of the nfore said See of Newcastle, depurted this li'e op or about the twenty- fourth day of March mat past, and the siid See of Newcastle thereby became vacant: And whereas for divers good cause3 the formal notification of such vacancy was not made to ub until the twenty third day of June last past, when the Venerable 0 iles Child, B.A, Arch- deacon of NewcHstle, »nd Vicir-General of the said diocese, addressed to us a notificition, in writing, of the vscancy in the eni t See : And wherpns it ia de- sirable that nil necessary and liwlul fcteps should be taken to fill up the slid vacancy. Now, therefore, we Frederic, by Divine permi«sion Bishop of Sydney, an Metropolitan, and so far as in Buch character we can and may, direct you, ihe paid Coles Child, na1 Vicar-General of the snid dionese, and all other' persons hiving auihority and power in that behalf, with all convenient despatch, to take all necessary and lawful s e\ s to secure the nppointmpnt of a fit and proper person to be Bislr p of the eaid See of Newcastle, in the place and stea'd of the Right Rev. William Tyrrell, deceased. Given uudt-r our hand and tbe seal of the See of Sydney this twenty-fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and aeventy-nine, and of our consecration the twenty fifth. F. Sydnev, M. The Vicae-General : As the next necessary step -m carrying out the ordinance for the ap- pointment of a bishop, I call upon the Clerical Seprotary to call over the roll of the clergy and lay representatives in succession, and I request that each member will rise in his place and answer when his name is called. The following members of Synod answered to their names : Clergy-Venerable Arch- deacon Child ; Rev. Canons Selwyn, White> and Tyrrell ; Reva. F. Vi". Addams, S. Simm, J. J. Nash, B. E. Shaw, F. D. Bode, C. Walsh, W. C. Hawkins, "W. S. "Wilson, John Shaw, H. S. Millard, Huband-Smith, A. Shaw, C. D. Newman, C. M. MMh, J. W. Upjohn, A. C. Thomas, W. Tollis, G-. H. Johnstone, J. A. Boake, T. D. "Warner, "W". Marshall, W. K. Colyer, "W. Lund, J. Dixon. Lay Repre- sentatives-Messrs. R. L. Alison, E. W. Bearby, II. J. Bolding, Charles Bolton, J. N. Brooks, S. Clift, J. Cooper, H. B. Cotton, T. Evans, A. J. G-ould, F. A. Hely, A. Hickey, J. B. Holmes, "W. R. Logan, John Lee, J. P. Luke, J. C. S. McDouall, E. Parnell, W, Pearse, 0. Sweetland, R. W. Thompson, E. White, Fred. R. White, J. Windeyer, P. W. Wright. The service was then proceeded with. The Hymn was 118 " My God and is thy table spread." Canon White road the Epistle, Acts i, 12-26; and Canon Tyrrell the Gospel,-John xxi, 15-17. Synod was subsequently constituted in the City Hall. After prayer, The PnEaiUENTread the following address : My dbab Bhethrkn of tha Clergy and Laity. -The occasion whi ¡h bus brought us together to- day, is indeed no oro i ary on«. It ib the first time that a Synod of the Church in Nw 4;outh Wales has bean summoned to eler;t or appoint its Bishop, Hitherto," the Mother Churc'i in lünßlnnd has sent men to rule over our riocases, and on the whole the appointment hns been generally a wiso and accepta- ble one. Now, w are about to brine into operation, for the first time, th« course agreed u->on four years ago by the Bishop, Clurgy, and L ity of this Diocese iu Synod assembled, for the election and appoint- ment of its Bishop. It remains to be seen whether the principle of self-government now piacod within ' our reach will be exercised wisely and for the Church'a good. The eyes ot the Church, not only in AustralT and Tnsmnnie, our own Australian province, but in the whole worM, aro upon us. I pray that we may be guided by Him who is over all, to use the occasion riRktly with wisdom, with discretion, and above all with churitv. I pra¿ that the man wo elect, if it be determined that we onrseives elr-ct. may be "aman lull of foûih and the Holy Ghost" One whom in our " consciences wo believe to be of Buch sufficiency in pood leinung, euch soundness in the faith, and of such virtuous and pure munners, and godly conversation, that he will be apt and meet to exercise the «nice of a Bishop to the honor of God, and theedi'yiQgof Tin Church, and to be a whole- some example to the flock of Christ." I do not wish to detainjyou long thiB morning. I will therefore pass ou to another part of the subject, and try to connect our meeting on this solemn occasion, at thisspecinl session, with our ordinary sestion hist May In my address to Synod on that occasion I &ta;(ed that, with the consent of tin Metropolitan, it had been «creed for certain good reasons, to pistpone the official notification of the vacancy in the See of Newcastle until the end of June last. On the 23rd of thit month I made that notification to the Metropo- litan. Mr. F, K, White, na sou nra aware, at the re- quest of our late Bishop whHo he was alive, and 'with the authority of the executurs aftor his death, under ook to inspect the stationb in which the diocese has to larse an interest. Wi'h much personal incon- venience, end with some risk, he accomplished the task about the beginning of June last. So favour- able was his report on the principal station, Brenda, that the executors w«re induced to invite him to meet them and the Kev. Canons Selwyn and White -the trustees of the endowment of the See-on July 1st, their principal objjet bein¿ to ascertain whether and how soon it would be po-sible to provide the in- come for« future bishop. Much anxious and care- ful consideration was givou to the prospects of the station for the next three years-from June 30 th, 187*», to Jene SOtb, 1882 ÏV c richision amved at was that, if nil thit 48 went on rtivourabl\ til-» in- terest ou the endowment f tt e S e ¿20 iW, 0 uld b« paid before thp terrain ti n f tim jtii* endinc, June 30th, 1880 and w t « gi at r crtimtv tue fol- lowing jour, nul boc 11 li i« w 1 h iwvf»r, that I should here state rh t ihould th* -¿teuton tnm pd verse circumstnno <i find the it-el s winbin to pri vide the income J r the fir*t year, th briol giort laj man, who irjsnec ed the a ¿tion, his offered 11 ad vanee one third ot the ncoms 1 w tlu hrs* yesr with out interest, if oil a 8 will c uiitorw>rl tdarKanc« the remainder lu fore te er tu ot th r special sessio I conaido rhititiouidb ú> i ble that t e Synod should in some ti dt ei uina to whom, and in whrt w»>, the opiscji ni i atome should be paid belora the urin ii r f i n \v bi»hop On Julj 8 li I lae ned the n! i« np lett raddress«d to me iib Vicir Ho jeril by the tru t - Julyßtb 1879 The Venerable Archdeacon ( hil 1 Vicar Gérerai Dear Sir -We the Trustees of the Lud nvracnt of the bee of Newcastle are pr(_pur"d to pay lull ye r y ou the 2nd any of January and 2nd day of July in w»ch yesr from the 27th day of March 1879 to auch persons as tilt b) od of the Diocese may direct interest at the rate of £ peroint per annum upon the sum of £20 300 nt present investid in the Brenda slaliuns under the management of the Lxecutors of the late Btehop of the Diocese ?\Ve are dear sir 1 ours faithfull] rÇlimnrit AUTHUR L SFLWÏN (bignod) WlUjI UI h WlMTE Thi letter I laid before the Di c-> hn Council at its quarterly meeting on the following day July 9tb After due considera ion the Council pa«sed the foi lowing resoluticn - That taking into consideration tile satief tctory character of the letter ot tbe Trustees of the I nd vint-nt ot the See dated July8tb the Vicar General ¡shenby n pectfully requested to take the uece-aary st ps to procu e the mandate ot the Metropolitan to summon a Bpecial meitinj, of b) nod for the election of a Bishop of the Dioce»e On July 11th I addressed the Biship ot Sydney, the Metropolitan, in these words - Mon etli 11th July 1879 To the Right Reverend the Lord U shop of Syduey My I ord Bishop - Vt the quarterly melting of our Diocesan Council, held on Vednesday last July 91 h a lettir was handed to me by the trustees of thB Episcopal Lidow nent of which I meloso a copy on Hie other aide for y 1 ir Lordsl ip s perusal The subject matter of the letter was fully and anxiously con sldered by the numbers of the Council, and the following resolution was unanimously agreed to - ' That taking into consideration the satisfactory character of the letter ot tile trustees or the 1 ndowmeut of thi See dated July 8th the \ ¡car General is hereby ri«piottully re luested to take the necessary steps to procure tin mandnte of the Metro politan to summon a special meeting ot bynod for the election of a Bishop of the diocese In accordance therefore with tins resolution of the DioccBan Council of Newcastle I would now ask your LorilBliip as Metropolitan tofsguc as soon as convenient your mandate that 1 may summon the Synod of tbis Diocese to elect a Bishop to fill the vacan t bee By a reference to our Ordinance for the election of a Bishop, it will be seen that within eight days alter the receipt of the mandate I am to give one month s notice of a meeting for the elcotion so that it cannot take place before the end of the month of August I am my Lord I ishop J our Lordship s faithful servant (Signed) Coles Child And on the 2oth of the «ama month I received this reply,accompjnie I by the líhci ü mindate, which 1 read just now in the Cathedral Church - Sydney Diocesan Registry 24th July 1879 My Dear Archdeacon -I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd ult I gather from it that your Diocese is now in n position to take steps to secure the appoint ment of a successor to your late Bishop, and 1 have therefore carrying out the cour u which it was un lerstnod between us in April last that your Diócesi is desirous that I, as Metropolitan should pursue issued and now transmit my formal mandate as intimating the step to be so taken With my earnest priyer that the deliberations of the ap proaching bynod may be guided and governed hy the wisdom which ib from above, I remain my dear Archdeacon, your faithful and affectionate (Signed) F Stdnfi The Venerable the Archdeacon of Newcastle "\ icar General It ia therefore in obedienca to this mandate ot the Metropolitan ot the Province that we are assembled "here to perform our part towards Ailing the vacancy in the See ot N-ewcistle, craitad by the decease ot our late revued Bishop, and we are bound to act in accordai ca with tie Ordi lance passed by the Synod, erd u«eented to by him in 187o lhe rust step in this mode of procedure-the making the solemn deel ration, prescribed by the Ordinance, in the Cathedral Church-li is been nlreadj taken We have also joined together in partaliiDg of the H lj Communion, tiereii seeking toi, and, let us hope obtaining, tilt-r divine guidance which we severally need, to fulfil our duty widely, fearlesalj, mid lovingly thereby di during that we are a pom n of that great bod} ot winch our Div ne Lord 1« the head, a bodv winch Ho, tis the Ctreat Shepherd and Bishop of soul , li a piomised to guide, to watch-o>ei a r to b pretei t Jith to the ei d o the world What is Ile next step wbith wi aro to take ? Wo r m^t re uenibat th u tho pro visions of\ c ur Ordinance r not of that elastic mtuA. hit ve cut depart lio n them at will, or fiat them 1 «ide by our Standing Ordviu We niuat proceed Svnctl> on the I n s if tin« Ordinance, and our Standing Oiaers will be our guide on!} wat re the Ordinance itsell does nut 1 quita or 1 j d v. nu j special course of procedure It lins been su^ist^ii tîuTtrtbe.ofeç sion is one ot too great importance ti BijpwVcjes fm,bi» given by mern era of ^ nod, with out knowing e'dmething of the merits of those who are to be proposed on the voting pa ers I adini' the importni.ee of this, but I think that those wh 1 rememuer tne liibtory of 1 ur Ordm nee will rrmtm ber also that ilia comae of ptocidure wis laid dowr so precuelj ia older that buch u discussion, with other attend nt evils might be avoid d fauch 1 discussion requires to le c nducLad with ^îeat caro and good tt iupt>r It will be rei> difficult to avoid irritating topi s, and the greitesi accui icy cf mfor mahon, to si\ nothing of the ab euco ol pre] idica will be reauired in t ealing with the cht rae ers of absent clernj m«n-men who are thousands of miles away-me v.bom probably we have neither seen nor known Hie suoject bus occupied the ait ntun of the Dioc san Council, as well as of myself and other kind adviser«, and, I think I mir\ se\, re all Bgree that, it it is ihought desirable by the Synod 11 eutei upon t discussion of the m rita of c'ergM mi who are to be propoted for the office of Bishop the only -vay in vt hicn it ein be done is, before enter mg on the m ide ol procedure laid down in clause ¿ to propose that the &j; uod adjourn Motions for nd journment »s usuu'ly adopted ndcairiedou,scr»rcelj seem befitting so solemn un occibion as the pieMnt I would tneiûfore sui gast an ttctui adjourniuen ot the Synod, 1 \ orderrbat all ti e numbers clerical and lay, may hold an op«u conforenco befira they pro ceed to the nomination f cindidutes-a conference which will give an oppoitutity tor consul ern g calmly ard freely the qualifications of those clirgj men who ara to be nominated without the preeence of any others than members of ¡synod I shall, how ever, be reauy to leave the deciMon on this point or on anj othti mode of conduc mg auch a di etienon to the Synod itself, so lone, us it does not trespiss cn the lines of the ordinance or infr nge our stt nding orders, and I hope that the discussion will be carried on in such a v; ij that while it brinda no discredit or injury on ii sent e'ergymen, whose names are men tioned it will leflectthe greata t honoi on this Synod B9 a body of Christi in clergymen and 11 tuen for the discretion, the truthfulness, aud tbo chinty with which it h s been tuned on "When the voting papers have been handed round, it will be com- petent for each member, *f they wish to nominate, to place on them one, two, tbiee names ot b shops t priests canonicully qualified, tint is of the full age of thirty \earj, and whose character is with- out blemioh Oi, if they deem it more desirable, the choice maj be delegated, as lud down nlterwirds in clause 8 m two wayB üither (1) to ' the Bishops of the Province ' that is as I read the Ordinance in the light of the determination <if the Oeneial Sjnnd -Ao 1. ' The Bishopj of the Province of .New South Wales' '-or (2) with the uppioval of a majority ot the/"Biahops of the Province, to the Archbishop oi Cinterbury and one or mere other Bishops in England,' that is, Bishops of English Sees, Sees'ïecognised bj the State, in which case the word"a*eleßt non 3Sny be written on the voting paper instead of mini s, Bs"Defore mentioned. The coursn of the subsequent proceedings depends on the result arrived nt irom the voting paper? If delegation obtains the votes of half the members present and voting, that question will be first put to the vote , aod if two t urda of each ord r opree to it, the names ot the delegates will then be decided in such way as ma} be agreed on But it delegition 19 not spread to by halt the votes, then the couue laid down in claude 4 will ba carried out Hera I would remind members that only the names which appear on not lees than two voting papers can be proposed under this course-no more names csn he afterwards added at any stage of the proceedings I mention this to shew the importance of well considering beloro hand what and how tuan y names are to be placed on the vc ting papere, as provided m clause 3 There is only one mora point on which, as one who has worked m the du cese for more than 30 3 eus I would desire to bo} a few concluding wort!« The step which this Bynod is about to take is the most important, for good or for ill, to tb s diocese that could possibly be taken by an} bojj of men Upon the result of this staion the welfare of our church in this diocese tor many years much depends, .Not thiit I hilve .-.Hy npprehension ot our choosing a man who shall bo worn out, inefficient, disloyal to our church, or likely to undo the work of the last thirty two yeare ; but, what 1 mean, is, that upon the e-vrneat loving oversight of tae clergy of this diocese, and of their parishes, depends very much the success of nur church it.-olf. We want a man of earnest pietv, of ¡wnd churcfimanchip, of untiring zeal. We need one who, like our last esteemed bishop, was a Bchoh.r, i.nd can set forth the simple truths of the Scriptutes to all classes of men during his visi- tation«. We need >i winning, loving man ; one who can dteply influence tho.'e whom he is to oversee; a lover of Hie souls for whom Christ died ; a mun who hfis long worked amorg such souls, and, as such, bas a sympathy for their trinls, and an earneat desire to satisfy their cravings. One, in short, who loves, and can and will be loved in return. We can scarcaly PX'-ect to obtnin a bishop who has already had ex- perience in such an oversight; but we can surely obtain a man who li vs vigorously worked in some ICngÜbU or colnni ii parish-where he has had in the lnwer sphere the practical experienca to enable him to carry on the more important work in the higher sphere. Such h man will bring new energies to the work ; he will rouse all of us to work our paiishes mure vigorously than we are now doing, He will influence otbera to follow him, and, let us hope, be'or« long to double the number of the clergy. He will tri- to satisfy a long cherished want -a cathedral. He will help us to save the few church schools we possess. He will encourage us and our laity to devolo greater attention to our Sunday achnola ; und he will bring to bear on our present bj item of public education some method of rescuing the children sf our church from their im- perfect acquaintance of Divine truth, in which we can all unite. Lot us now go to oOTanxinus duty ; let no prejudice, favour, or affection rrrove ub from what is rieht; let us do all in the fear and for the glory of Gul, and thq benefit of His church ; and let us do it with wUdoui,vwith pruitence/nnd with love. The President tbwivsaül,,: I now declare the Synod constituted for the Dusiness"of this session. On the motion of Canon Selwyn-, seconded by Mr. R. W. Thompson, the Synod adjourned till four o'clock in the afternoon. 