LATEST INTELLIGENCE. . [BY ELECTRIC TJSLKGKAPH.] {FROM oca OWX CORRESPONDENTS.) VICTORIA. Melbourne, 11th July. At the reception tendered to Professor Popper at tho Athenceuni this evening, a large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled to hear the Professor give a lecture on his course of scientific entertainmeuts. He said he could hardly ex pect to teach tho scientific men here anything, but he wished to join them in the'r work of 'scientific education. He had brought five waggon loads of apparatus to illustrate his lectures. He would exhibit the modern raentemphichosis, the nearest approach to a miracle in the way of raising a ghost ever known; and also the latest development ot the electric light, telephone, and microphone, dissolving views, etc. He alluded to the good results which had attended his lectures at the Polytechnic Hall, London, and the interest which had been taken in them by leading persons at home, and he hoped his visit would induce people here to start a Polytechnic ;Hall also. Professor Pepper was frequently 'applauded in the course of his remarks, and 'accorded a cordial vote of thanks at the close. ' The police) hare received information that William Connor after drinking heavily wandered away from the Harlen Hills station, in the Í Western district, "and, though every search has been made, his ^hereabouts could not be dis covered. He is supposed to have perished in the bush. Echuca, 11th July. A clever evasion of tho stock tax was per formed by a man driving seventeen horses from Wilson's police station. When the man was about to drive the horses across the Murray bridge a demaud of fivo shillings per head was made. To this the driver refused to agree, and rode every horse, with the exception of three unbroken animals, across; thus saving the tax of five shillings per head. Ballauat, 11th July. A man, named Francis, a telegraph repairer, who a week or two ago took poison, died to day. A man, named David Ross, was committed for trial to-day for uttering spurious coin. A raemb r of the stock exchange has tabled a motion to rescind the resolution recently passed by the Exchange against dealing in shares in the Consols Jumps, and providing for the ex pulsion of those who do. j The sharemarket is strong, except for Black Horse, which fall from £6 10s. to £6 5s. Ristor¡ J had sales to £7 Is.; Lone Hand to 44s.; Consola to 76s., back to 74s. Newington to 25s. Gd., ! 24s. Gd., Hobart Pasha to 23s. 6d.; Waterloo to 4s.; Sultan, £5 Is.; Egerton to G8s.; Queen's Birthday, £9 4s.; North's, 25s., 24s, 