DRINK AND HARD TIMES. A WORKING man's VIEW OP TltE SITUATION. We extract from the Herald, tlie following interesting letter, written by Mr. G. D. Clark, and rocommcnd it . to tlie oareftil consideration of tho class to whom it is addressed : — Sir. — It may appear somewhat presump tious for one who works with his hands to set himself up ns a teacher, especially through the medium of a newspaper ; but I should like, with your permission, to give expression to mj views on a subject of tho utmost importance to iny fellow working men at the present time. According to the report submitted to the Trades aud Labor Council a few days since by the delegate appointed by that body to inquire into the state of the labour market, it oppears that in nearly nil the manufacturing establishments in the city the supply of labor is 'greatly in cxcess of the demand. Now although it seems almost incred ible that in a colony like this, which is certainly capable of absorbing millions of our countrymen, in utilising its vast and varied resources, there should be unenii ployed any numbnr of men who are willing to work, yet wo have sufficient evidence of the truth of the above report in tho num ber of able-bodied men seeking employ ment, and who would be willing to turn their hands to almost anything in order to secure for themselves and families the or dinary comforts of life. Of course there are various reasons as signed for tlie hardness of times. Some will tell us that it is entirely owing to a mistaken emigration policy, and they will argue upon the injustice of bringing men out here to compcte with us in an already wersu/uivcu. uiuritei. uiotucut s leiice tion will show that this, if n cause at all, is not the prime canse ; and the fact that every family settling down here are con V# Burners as well as producers, and the fur ther fact that there are thousands of acros of rich uncultivated land, suitable for agri cultural purposes, waiting for settlement, is a sufficient . proof that it is not over population making us poor. Nor . can it be for want of protection, because ip. Vic toria, a protective colony, things are as bad, if not worse, than here. Bat still there i6 a. cause existing some where, ajid operating prejudicially to the interests of tho working classes, if not to the whole community ; and I think it i6 worth asking whether the working men generally are not spending more money than they can well afford in drink ; and, further, whether this money 60 spent is not contributing materially to the depres sion in trad^jmd the present straightened circumstances of many who ought to be enjoying*atleast some of the comfortB, if not the luxuries of life. It will be agreed, that as there are two kinds of labor, namely, productive and un productive, so these are two ways of spending money, either for what is useful and necessary or for that whicli is useless . and unnecessary. Now, if it be true that the wealth and prosperity of a community depend iu a great measure on the propor -? 4ion of money circulated in a reproductive . channel, it follows as a logical sequence, that money spent in that which is unpro ductive of good must be a proportionate waste of our national resources. To give au illustration, two men spend five pounds «ach. ' The one gets a suit of clothes, the other goes on the spree till the money is done. They both circulate the same amount of money, but which has done the most good ; which has given the most em ployment 1 It is estimated that at least 35 per cent is paid in labour for the .clothes -we wear, wmie lor grog it is under 10 per cent ; besides tho fact that the man who bought clothes will have something to show for this money, which will lost him -for years, while tbe other will probably 'have to pay mi extra 5s or 10s. tho next «noroing for being a trouble to the police. Nor does it change the result (unless it ?be die Police Court fine) because it is ?spent in 6mall sums. There are a large number of working men who never perhaps get drunk, but yet they spend from 6d to Is a day for grog. Put it down at Cd, in twelve months it amounts to £9 2s Cd. Now if, iiiBtead of spending that in the public house, it was placed in the bank, it would soon become a nice little sum to fall back upon in the event of 'sickness, or ibeing out of work, or even a strike ; it ?would be far better than trusting to public subscriptions. Or put it another way; 6d ;a day means £9 2s 6d a year ; multiply that by 10,000 and we have the enormous sum of £21,250 spent in an article which according to the evidence of some of tbe Reading physiologists^ is absolutely unne cessary to physical health or eudurance. But 6»ppose this large sum to be spent in ithe purchase of clothes aud furniture, just imagine what an impulse it would give to trade and what a demand^ there would be ?for mechanics^nd artizans to make up the .things that this money would purchase. If fpaoe permitted I might point out .also that the destruction of grain in the .manufacture of drink tends to make food ?dearer than it otherwise would be. Ac cording to the best authorities, the grain .annually destroyed in the United King dom in the manufacture of spirituous and malt liquors would supply more than double the population of London with bread. Well, then, is it not clear that if {this grain were converted into bread it -would supply a larger market, and conse quent! v reduce the price of that article, and proportionately increase the pur chasing power of the poor. It may be .said that the price of bread at home does not affect us here. But if there is any 'force ill the argument that our immigration system is glutting the labour market, it does because a dear market at home drives people here where things . are cheaper. There is another view often lost sight of. . The man who spends his surplus moneyin, ?the publiqhouse when in work mast live .oil credit when out of work, and zo give long credit, with «he risk of losing it al together, the shopkeeper most. charge extra for what ypu get, and to?' pay a * - £teiutj per lb. extra for meat and an equal »? .amount for groceries, means, to a family, E 'consideralile sum in the year. There is .janbtiier starling fact in the face of so many 1 . fceingotjt of wen t. The drink traffic is grow ??. .' 4in£Anfcof aHproporlk n to the population. Ill ; t^cre xyer^ in Sydney 668 puHic feouscsj in they bed increased to 742\. We hare not about 800, and it was stated in the Legislative Assembly tho other night that at least 500 of these were mere drinking shops. Now ns rich men, as a rule, do not' go to these houses for drink, it follows they must be kept up by tbe working classes, or in other words in spile of the dull times the working men of Sydney are keeping these 500 publicans and their families, which at a moderate es timate will amount to 2500, persons in ease if not in luxury. And then I am not sure but that the necessity for these expensive organizations, trade unions, is not one of tho effects of out drinking cus toms. I nni satisfied that if men were universal Iv sober they could demand, and if necessan . insist upon receiving a fair share of the profits realized between capi tal and labour, and I am equally certain that if employers had confidence in the fidelity of their employes, they could afford to give a higher wage, and recognize by promotion those who were worthy. But is this done under the present system 1 We know it is not so. Of course, as a working man (who has had to look for work, and may have to again), I am in sympathy with the object of these unions ; but still I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that one of the effects of these combina tions is, not only to destroy the inviduality, and consequently tho independence of the man, but, what is positively unjust, it raises the inferior workman, if not the loafer, into an oqual position with the best. Let the working man be soLer and trust to the force of his own personal qualifications, and, if his labour be worth the price he receives for it, he need no combination, neither is he under any greater obligation to the man who purchases it than the one who sells a farm or any otflter com modity. A Simile. — Judge Ray, in one of his lectures, gave the following : — i' All those who in youth acquire a habit ? of^ drinking whisky, at 40 years of age will^be total abstainers or drunkards. No onfe can use whiskey for years in moderation. If there is a person in the audience before me whose experience disputes this, let him make it known ; I will acknowledge that I am mis taken.' A tall, large man arose, and folding his arms in a dignified manner across Ills breast, said : ' I offer . myself as one whose own experience contradicts your statement.' ' Are you a moderate drinker?' said the judge. ' I am.' ' How long have you drunk in moder ation?' ' Forty years.' 'And were never intoxicated?' , 'Never.' 'Well,'! remarked the judge, scanning his subject clear from head to foot, ' yours is a sin gular case ; yet I think it is easily accoun- , ted for. A coloured man, with a loaf of bread and a bottle whisky, sat down to dine by the bank of a clear stream. In breaking the bread eomo of the crumbs dropped into the water. These were eag erly seized and eaten by the fish. That circlim stance suggested to the darkey the idea of dipping the bread into the whisky and feeding them. Ho tried it. It work ed well. Some of the fish ate it, became drunk, and floated helplessly on the water. In this way he easily caught a great number. But in this stream was a large fish very nnlike the rest. It partook freely of the bread and whisky, but with no perceptible effect. It was shy of every effort to take it. He resolved to have it at all hazards, that he might learn its name and nature. He procured a net, and alter much effort caught it, cairied it to a coloured neighbour, and asked his opinion in the matter. The other survey ed the wonder a moment, and then said, ' Sambo, I nn'erstands dis case. Dat fish is a mullet-bead ; it hain't got any brains!' 'In other words,' added the Judge, ' alcohol affects only the brain, and, of course, those having none may drink without injury.' A strange ghost story (says the Bir mingham. Gazette) comes from the Princi pality. There is a friendly society at Pontardowe, in the Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral1 allow ance on acconnt of a deceased member shall not be paid in cases of suicide One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the club accordingly refused to pay the death money. For this seasonable aud just refusal the members are now complaining that they are subjected to serious prosecution from an unseen and, presnmably, ghostly agent. The manifes tations began on a recent Sunday, when one of tlie officers^ returning home over a lonely road, was assailed, as he asserts, by the spirit of the late member, who, failing to receive a satisfactory reply to his de lriand for the money, in a somewhat un spiritlike manner assailed the unfortunate csan and actually ' tore his clothes to ridbons.' Such, at least, was the account he gave} in tones of horror, at the first public-house he came to after this terrific encounter. But the ghost does not ap pear to have been satisfied with this de monstration. On the following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assem bled in the lodge-room, the usual knocks were heard at the door as of a brother seeking admittance. The.door was opened but no one was to be seen. , The members, however, are all vciy certain that they heard the voice of the dec eased utter the words Pay my widow^the funeral money, and then I shall be at resl.' The meeting precipitately broke np and the members are now puzzled to know what to do with such a determined deceased brother. ? Holloways Pills. — The 6tidden changes frequent fogs, and pervading dampqess, sore'y imjiede the vital functions and con duce to ill-lielflUi. . The remedy lies in some purifying medicine, like these Pills, which is competent to grapple with the mischief at its source, and stamp it' out without fretting the nerves or weakening the system. Holloway's Pills extract from tlie blood all noxious matters, regu late the action of every disordered organ, stimuUte the liver and kidneys, and relax the bowels. In caring chest complaints these Pills are remarkably effective, espec ially when aided by friction of the Oint ment on its walls. This double treatment will ensure a certain, steady, and bene ficent progress, and sound health will soon bo re-established. 