NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events:-D’Ared's Read's "Ghost" entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; meeting Hospital Committee, Brophy’s hotel, 4.30 p.m.; coursing at Creswick; summoned meeting Court Unity, 8 p.m. By the English mail on-Tuesday his Excellency the Governor received- a despatch from -the'Secretary of State, enclosing a copy, o£, : the reply which he had given to the representations of the embassy. Official etiquette,” however (says the TekgrapK), prevents his Excellency placing the despatch ait the disposal of the press.unfil-it has been laid before 'the members of the Ministry. ; The despatch'will be. found in another column,-- . - • -V’-- V;"',-': • \- -The -Sandhurst excursionists. returned home' on Wednesday'night/' thoroughly satisfied with their two ‘days’ trip. ,',' Satisfaction, however,; hardly : expresses the feeling which most; of* the ' Ballarat" people con tessed on leaving Sandhurst in relation to their visit, and all agreed that no matter what might have been ; done by Ballarat in the wayof entertaining Sandhurst people in times gone by, an - ample return was made : for it oh- the present occasion, ids soon as the fatigues of the first day .were got over.on Wedncsday'morning the guests of the people of Sandhurst were -driven put to Eaglehawk, where they were most. hospitably entertained by' the mayor r and borough councillors, and /were ‘afterwards shown through the pleasant municipal park. In. f response to the toast of the Ballarat visitors, "besides ‘the Mayor of the . City, Messrs Brophy,. Finoham, and Ball, M’a.L.A., and -Or -Scott of. Ballarat East, responded. -The party then returned to Sandhurst, passing through Kangaroo Flat,- and after a short stay there they were driven back to the Masonic-hall in the city. A repast was - here prepared for them, at which the Mayor" presided, and the . healths of the people of Ballarat and Sandhurst having been drunk with cheers, the company separated, expressing the wish to meet again annually, or oftener, in the two provincial . cities, by turns. The excursionists were escorted to the railway- station by the Mayor of Sand hurst and alarge number ofleading residents, to whom the Ballarat-visitors expressed their warmest thanks for the .princely manner in which they had been treated, and aa tho trains left, the platform cheers from, their occupants and counter cheers from those on the . platform resounded through the station. We hold over a detailed account of the proceedings till to-morrow. , The serious charge instituted against - Mr. E. J. Lewis, solicitor, again occupied the attention of the City police bench ;on Wednesday., As.- will be seen from a full report of the Case in another column, Mr Lewis was committed'to take his trial at ’ the General Sessions commencing pn the 6th August. Bail was allowed, ;‘the defendant himself ,in £lOO, and one surety in a similar amount. . . —'-The' man Adam Tates, who was injured inth® Little Wonder Company’s mine, Smytheadale, on Monday, has been removed by his friends from the Hospital, as he is not expected to recover, gangrene having set in in his leg. Among the awards for musical composition at the Sahdhurst : Exhibition we notice the nephew of our townsman'j.Mr T. King, has again carried off a gold -medaL. It may be remembered, that a gold medal and certificate was awarded to Master G.F. King, of Laun ceston, at the Ballarat Juvenile Exhibition. The report in the Bendigo Advertiser says:—“ Fantasia for pianoforte, brilliant, correct, slightly faulty in nota tion, but meritorious. Mr G, F. King, of Launceston, is entitled to a gold medal.” The Hospital ball -is now the all-engrossing topic of conversation amongst the ladies, and there appears to. be every' probability of the affair proving a great suc cess, judging from the spirited manner in which Mr Burrows’ happy thought ha's been taken up by the public. The committee appointed to draw up a report as to ways and means, &c.;, in connection with the ball will-meet at Brophy’s hotel at half-past 4' o’clock this afternoon. It is. understood that the' ladies of Ballarat will at the.ball have an opportunity of meeting the Marchioness "of Normandy, as the patronage of his Excellency the Governor and lady is to be secured. The fish market .was.-again, well supplied with baracouta on Wednesday. . The fish, were large .and of excellent quality, while the prices asked by the sales men were very reasonable. Careful housewives, who are not acquainted with the, really good qualities of what is very incorrectly termed a poor, coarse fish, will do. welt to avail themselves of a plenteous market. - Baracouta split open, cured with three parts salt and one sugar,; and hung up to . dry, present a breakfast relish which fish-eaters will fully recognise. One third the price of the imported salted fish, and very much superior in quality to the best we can obtain, cured baracouta should be held in much greater esteemHhan, through, want of knowledge on the part of fish-eaters, is the case. Mr D. M. Davies, M.L.A., writes to say that there is no foundation for the statement made by a corre-. spondent in our columns that his (Mr Davies') brother, who had'just arrived in the colony, had been ap pointed to a Government situation. Perhaps our cor* respondent will explain. The Barkly street Mutual Improvement Association met as usual on. Tuesday, evening last, there being a good attendance; Mr Bell (vice-president) occupied the chair. Mr Fletcher read a very interesting essay; subject, “The Bible for our Youth.” Severalmembera took part in the discussion, and after.a hearty vote of thanks to the essayist had. been passed the meeting closed with the benediction. ISThere have been some rumors of promotion and appointments amongst the appointees and expectant appointees connected with the singing branch of ths Education Department,-but all that is known at pre sent, officially,'is that Mr Crooke, of the Smythesdale, Linton; Scarsdale, and Carngham division, will, in addition, have to attend the Haddon school in his official capacity. Mr Henry Alpeo, merchant, of Smythesdale, who several months ago took a trip to Fatherland for ths benefit of his health, is returning in a few weeks per the Lusitania, reinvigorated in mind and body. The residents of Ross’ Creek, in appreciation of the' efforts made by Mrs Davoren, school teacher, to in struct the juvenile female branches of their families in the art and mystery of crotchet, .knitting, and shirt-making, have resolved on presenting her with a handsome testimonial. * Wednesday’s Telegraph says:—“ Various sensational rumors were in circulation yesterday as to the loss which the decision of the Privy Council in the case of the National Bank v the Hand and Band Company would inflict on the bank, The facts are that the judgment and plaintiffs’ costs against the bank, in the original suit which was heard before Mr Justice Moles worth, amounted to £8555, which was, of course, paid at the conclusion of the trial, and provided.for in the bank’s balance-sheet. Ths bank’s own costs, both in the primary suit and the appeal to the Full Court, reached about £4OOO, which sum also was debited against the bank in the current half-year’s accounts. This leaves only the costs of the appeal to the Privy Council to be provided for, which, we are informed, on the best authority, will not much exceed £lOOO, and certainly will be within £2000." The directors and manager of the Australian and European Bank have (says the Age) almost completed their arrangements for the re-opening of the bank, and expect to be in a position to resume business at the head office in the course of a few days. Another fresh party of police left Benalla on Mon day on the Kelly pursuit,' but the North-Eastern Ensign apprehends “ that they will return before long after a fruitless bush- patroL • Every day we are hear ing remarkable stories on the subject of the outlaws, but there appears to be little of truth in them, or if there is, the police fail to take advantage of them. Amongst the stories currant is one that frequent de predations are committed in the outlaws’ country in the shape of horse-stealing. It is not unlikely the friends of the accused are at work in this particular field of crime, trusting to the terror of the victims to save them from detection." According to the Herald, it is understood that Parliament will meet on 15th July. ; Wednesday’s Argus says:—“ The rumors that have been circulated with regard to the visit to Melbourne of. certain female connexions of the Kelly gang are, as has already been stated, based upon a foundation of a very slight nature, and there is very little doubt but that their appearance was merely a ruse to draw off the attention of the police from a really important move which was to be made. As a matter of fact, the authorities were, however, on the qui vive, and the real object of ' the movement was soon detected. Although it was injudicious at the time to mention ■ tho aotual state of affairs, it can now be done without any fear of the - movements of the police being thwarted. It would appear 'that the gang have re cently run short of arms and ammunition, and two of their sympathisers were despatched to Melbourne to purchase a fresh supply Th watched, purchased wW A " 8 Den, returned to .the bush tf 'W, material they so ereatW«? ull to the detectivef h„loeed issued by the ft ££ and probably in than“ Chfor tlSt.« ’’fe thing important in MnnS, o£ a rf'S transpire.” Qn,ctl °n * S The Agt laays that Mr Born -a the proceedings of the P„, Wl ? ,ai 4 oa %., fender amongst British .bably means that his var.;,T , m ' n - Mr ti& k . mgs did not find a defXt “ o£ t!la Com, f n^ rr J pij ■On the other hand, we aee°tfi '! bich b lill' proc «sd. paper, which has not been cum Enlv so3 *. statements o£ Professor Pean®®,-? against the rash proceeding?[*' l *• With respect to the vacant 11 learn that Mr Blackett',. at Aistov » retiring „ they !*“ a « hfy}) Vale, while willing to enter ta Bncce « cett.! n f* Gray will not allow hlSdf . * Blackett stands. Under tW - ba Boo D»hd“-l “ n °‘ be a caSTe Wr o C ““*<te menta of the candidate Wp* is a strong feeling abroad, not lha ‘«gne ft ' bub in all the suburbs tW.i Jm ‘baX, *• local league in Cfc ■SpiSS”'* - "» wySS.'ft.-S . The Speaker on WedneßiW • eleotion of. a member to eL' a (or a Assembly for the electoral W tlla in the room of Mr ‘w\? h nomination day ia fixed for the SaV**"' 4 Hi July, and return of writ Bth Jnl informed that certain electoral haxa determined that Mr Zox shall Jl* over, and that steps are beieg taken tit'? a *4 able man to oppose him. The namee of t bUm 1 5 have been mentioned, but in both inf, tw their authority. m “lataneea ahhoj! The stakes "won at the lata in.*, i mg were paid over on T u i“l ? C »Pb«. office, 100 Bourke atreet west Th/nrin • **? were (says the Argus) ;-_Mr Jno W £575. for-first .Vthiri Austin, £2OO, for second: Mr T„ P ’ Mr J. Lamona; Mr Ellwood, £3O for i3 °. (a veil. £3O. for £3 o Purse; Mr Charles Brown, £75 fa the p' Eeco " 3 a Watchman. Several smaller»«b, nera were paid over at the same time. h,t *b- Rather a novel method wna . , train from Queenscliff onTuesdav cook -° lt “> > fc the Chief Secretary and membeu of W' 1 ’ 1 The work people at the factories the river wanted to present Mrßerrvwith? h S"I of welcome. No arrangement had b ,? stoppage of the train at South QesW m * da ?' & work people, who could not lose tim.’.v the Geelong railway station, tLT^ 15 street trosaing. As the train Advertiser) stood on the railway their hands. The engine-driver, notiefa th a ' d " ? mmation of the crowd to block lip the fa , shut off steam and brought the training The trick having been auceesafullS of tha factory hands immediately fcokth«™ !$ 0 - M of making the presentation. It may be & the factory girl, heartily joined tffimSifa and for nearly an hour braved the in waiting the arrival of the train. . W “ a We are requested to draw attention to the fact tha' Messrs J. J. Goller and Cos., of Ljdiard street I? been appointed agents for the sale of the “hT parable Bull Whisky,” so that of obtaining the genuine article. 1 ® D’Arcy Read’s “Ghost” entertainment vu ri patronised on Wednesday evening. The iUadooe b the Chinese scene were received with uproiri™ plause, and proved if anything, more psafa tl ' the ghostly scenes hitherto presented. The entertah ment seems to increase, as it deserve! to in rf.’ favor each evening. As we have before alated it™ sents the greatest treat that can be afforded to vomi folk, and, tor that matter, oldsters as well ShEudl terms are most liberal, and deserve a better ream tion on the part of the amusement-seeking pubh'ethu has been accorded. It ia perhaps as well to state Hut the “ Ghost” at the Alfred-hall is altogether i If. ferent entertainment to that presented sum fa since at the Academy of Music. Those who wh nesaed the Academy entertainment will, in interlin ing the Alfred-hall “ ghosts,” be as much anrprutl a those who have not previously seen the njiterira and amusing show provided. 