Professor Pepper. The announcement that Professor Ponper’s wonderful.-illusion, called “Tho Modern Metempsychosis,” would bo be given at 8t. George’s Hall oil Saturday night, bad the effect of crowding the ball to its utmost limit with an interested and expectant audience. On tho curtain being drawn up the stage was seen to bo ar ranged in iisomewhat different form to what it lias been on previous occasions. A semi-circle, taking in about half the stage, was enclosed by hangings, in tlio centre- of:which .was. a recess ex tending back somo distance. AVdion •the curtain was ’ raised; Professor Pepper's son apologised for his father’s, absence, an apology that was. taken by many to bo seriously meant. Presently, howevor, tho professor was’ seen in the recess,'having come there no one kucw' how. After giving! a short history of the celebrated ‘Ghost,’ Professor Pepper proposed to givo a' specimen of -tho way tho > discovery could :.bo: utilised for theatrical per formances, such as tho ghost scene in “Macbeth.” Ho commenced by re citing the speech of Macbctli when tho ghost of .the murdered Ban quo appears p and thcro" scorned to grow! out of -nothing in tlics recess the figure, of a man seated on a chair. As the recitation proceeded, the figure rose and advanced to tho'ifrdiit.' off the, stage, then gradually returned to the’ chair, till, at the words, “ Hence hor rible shadow, unreal mockery, hence; ”• .tho figuro seemed to fade into air,' leaving the chair whoro it was before! Tho illusion was a perfect one, and tho audience was so. thoroughly :niysti lied that for some moments they could hardly believo tlio ovidonce of their own eyes. This remarkably skilful illusion elicited enthusiastic applause froiii the audience. Tho exhibition of tho portrait limner followed, in which a sketch of a head was. done in bright lines oil a large screen. The portraits of Lord Bcaconsfield arid Mr Graham Perry were given, and at once recog nised. Portraits of Sir Chas. "Wheat stone, Sir David Brewster, and Michael Paraday were also thrown on the screen, but these, were from photo-, graphs. Tho oxy-hydrogen micros cope was exhibited for. the first time, and proved a very successful and .in teresting entertainment. Various' objects were exhibited, but the most attractive to the audience ' were tlio live water insects. One water-beetle, whose image on the screen was fully Id feet long, was so violent in his actions that one, could easilyamdor-. stand tho fear of the: old Scotch woman that the beasts would break out of the water and do some mis chief. The concluding portion of thp entertainment iyas, a, fresh illusion. In : the recess' already ''mentioned a sinall stand was placed, and on this a loaf of bread .was changed into a terra cotta bust; a second succeeded, Mid- then followed 11 model of Cleopai 'tr'a’s“Neeclle! ‘ Oranges were placed in a basket 'and changed into tins of marmalade. One of tho attendants then took his stand in the recess, and before the eyes of the. audience, but how, it isimpossible to say, he seemed to gradually change into a young lady; who sang a verse of “Sing! sweet bird,” and wlio was no other than Miss Alice 'Wooldridge. Professor Pepper then led Miss 'Wool dridgef on ward, and to show she was not a ghost: she sang the second verse of the song, when the professor led her back, and in the .same mysterious fashion as Bnnquo’s ghost disappeared they faded out of sight. This illusion was re ceived with most enthusiastic applause; 