' 1 I -1 1 Tho Soottish Kuigbt lit London for Towns- villo on the 4th of Apriiwith 279 omigrants. It iB rnmorod i that along numerous roduo- tiona of Oiyil surrants, tat ono liuudrod polioo Wiil bi) diflmiBBud. Tho notorious Frcnct osoapoo, ErncBt Jeff- ray, sontenoed njsbori tiho Binco to throo yoarB ponul sorvitndo for hrcaiy, osonpod last night from gaol in a moatmyitorioua manner. His ooll door was found liokod, and it was n moon light night. Tho pflioo boliovo that Joffray will not allow himttlf to bo takoii alive. Ho esoopod from ToulouBagno, and subsequently from Now Calodonia. Tho osonpod Comramist was caught this ovoning at a short dlitnnoo from'Jown, aftor a ohase and powerful roistanoo, OnAlTniis Towrnw, May 27. Fifty-six pounds' wiight of gold spooimens, of whioh twonty pomds nro exceedingly rich, aro now on vlow at tlio Quconsland National Bank horo. Tho won takon from tho Caroline extended claim iive milcB from Chariots Towers, and from a depth of sovonty foot. Tho spooimons are estimatod to oontain n a thousand ounoos of jolil. All tho ground in tho vininity of tho olofan has boon token up.— Courier. Sydney, Saturday. A meeting of stoolownors was held, yester day for tho purposo of considering what moans should ho adopted fo: tho disposal of the sur plus stock of tho oohny. A committee was formed and instrnotid to mako inquiries in Amorioa and olsowhiro as to the host plan of IHUlJillllJg iUUilV lUi DUpiUUUV|,HUU VIIV uivuuu W forwarding it to Eurcpo. A groat deal of beef killod in the country oomes into Sydnoy daily, And is muoh approvod of. It is hopod that tho shipwrights who strnck work nt Bountroo's daok a fow days ago will go to work ngeiu next weok. Somo timo baok tho OommiBBioncr of Bail- ways decided to havt tho railway oarringos lightod by gas, and this improvement is' now being oarried out na rapidly aB possible. _ GaB has already boon applied to BOVornl carriages with very satisfactory results. Tho Worialda ooaoh wis upset on Thursday nvnnintr. Tho nooidont resulted in most of tho passongors boing severely Bhnkon and bruisod, A lnrgoly-at.tondod mooting was hold on Thursday night at the Misonio Hall, with tho objeot of procuring a aoimnutation of tho son- tonoo of donth passed upon two youths namod Motoalf and Wilkinson, who were roeontty found guilty of rape. It was resolved that tho ponnlty of death wob not in' aooordnnoo with tho spirit of tho ago, and not espooinlly required in tho intorosts of justioo. A doputation wftb appointed to wnit upon tho Aoting Governor yoBterday, to bring boforo him tho prnyor of tho mooting, YoBterday morning the depu tation intoiviowod with tho Aoting Governor nnd asked for a commutation of tho sentonoo His Exoollonoy expatiatod on tho ntrooity of tho offonoo, but said that tho subject would bo ro-oonsidorou. Tim matter is oxoiuug muuu intorcst throughout tho oolony, mainly on account of tho youth of tho oondomnod crimi nals. About a woek ago aburglnr hroko into tho tOBidenoo of tho Bov. Dr. Barry, at Woollahra.' Ho was disoovored and ohnsod by Dr. Barry's two sons, who oapturod him on tho South Hend-road after a sooro strugglo, Tho man wus committed for trial. Tho tramway from Bodforn to tho water's edge is progressing rapidly. Two men Israel and Poisly, oonvioted of oon- spiring to dofruud, havo bocn sentenoca, mo former to throo yonra imprieonmont and tlio latter to twelvo months. Robert Davis, for garotting, was sontoncod to sovon years, the first two in irons. William Wolls, for man slaughter nt Grafton, was sontouood to fivo years impcisonmant. Sovoro wintry woathor prevails in tho WoBtorn and Southern districts, and at Parkos thoro hnvo boon hoavy rains, and a flood iB threatening. At Tumut, tho mountain rangos havo boon oovorod with snow. Melbourne, Friday. Thoro was a mooting of tho sliaroholdors of tho Proviuoiul and Suburban. -jSao.lc.IOcdiy Uuft managomont was manifest amongst tiioso piu- sontj a oomploto discloBiio of tho affairs of tho bnnk wps mado, and aonfirmad tho unsatis factory Btntomont already mado. Thoro aro rumours that that the manage ment of tho Benevolent asylum is unsatis factory, and somo ourious disclosures aonuooted with tho institution aro lookod for. Tho liallarat Water-Commission trial, whioh has boon a long timo about, cost £250 a day. The oxpousos of tho jury alono woro about £1,000. No vordiot has yot boon given. Mr. Panton, the polioo-magistrata who eon- duotcd tho cnuuiry into tho nllegod attompt to Bhoot Mr. Monk, of Wombat, has just sont iu liiB report whioli states that ho iB not satisfiod with tho thoory sot up by Monk, and, so far as regards tho ovidonoo given, ho is reluatantly oompcllod to oomo to the conclusion that no shot was firod at Monk in the maunor alleged by him. A Difference. — Tho oarnings for tho wook ondiug tho 17th May, of tho Oontval Queens land Railway, show an inoroaso over tho corresponding weok last year of £316 ; and not £3 lGs. as stutod in our tologram. xiiiiATRB jxoYAL. — air. vv. J. iiyron s sensa tional drama ' in four aots, " The Lanoashire Lass," was produoed last night with now oifoots and soouery, and nttraatcd a good liouso. It is impossible for us, owing to the latouoss of tho hour when tho ourtain droppod, to givo oven a sketch of a play wbioh abounds with sonsational sconos, and whioh at times plungos Jnto tho improlmblo. The drumatis porsomo is a long ono, and tho whole Btrongth of the oompnuy was aalled into re quest. Miss Olara StophenBon's warm and truo- hoartcd Lanoashiro Lass was played with all the fire, spirit, and pathos whioh render her aoting so attraotivo, and whioh enlist, bo the situation what It may, tho full sympathies of the nudieuao. Kato GaiBtono, the Gipsy girl, was oxoollontly played by MiBS Patty Holt, and Miss Fanny Rogers was a : charming Fanny Danville. Johnson (tho " Party"), when ho does mako his uppoaranoo, and as played by Mr. J. Hosford, takes his audienoo by storm, and he boooracs, next to the heroine, the oontro of attraotion, and onpitally ho sustains his part ; his acting throughout being admirable. Mr. T. O. Marty no's Robert Redburn and Mr. Clinton's Ned Clayton wero both highly oredit- able, and Mr. J. J. Kennedy aB Spotty oalled forth many a hearty laugh. The drama was well piaypu throughout, and tho soenory, painted by Mr. Douglass, effective. The ' Lan oashiro Lass" will be repeated to-night. School of Arts. — Tho Ghost, as the enter tainment is vory proporiy oalled, was produood last night at tho abovo hall, beforo a numerous audience, all of whom seornod to bo immensely delighted with the illusions, whioh are certainly wondorful to tho unitiatcd, and fairly sot tho people wondering j in faot thoy soarooly seemed to beliovo thoir own oyos. Somo of tho tableaux woro most striking, floating in air and occasionally tubling in it. The pieoo is stylod Tho Knight watching his armour, during which his vigils aro interrupted by tho ap- ponranco of Ghosts iu tlio shapo of Mouks, Syrons, &o.;, who striva to tompt him from his duty. Tho old song of " Tho Friars of Orders Groy" wns woll sung as was tho " OanBt thou recall" of Miss Violot Boso. Tho laughable faroo, whioh followed, was most amusing. Mr. J. Clinton's Bailiff, kooping tho house in a constant roar. Tho ontortainmont is woll worth seeing. . Police Court.— Yesterday, boforo His Wor ship tho Polioo Magistrate, one man wnB fined . 5s. for drunkenness, and . John Lowrenao for. tho samO offonoo hnd vlolo'nt eohduot, 20s. or forty-eight hours' in tho look-up. John Smith; and Tommy, both South .SoIslandors, woro: brought before tho Bonoli for being drunk and disorderly ; tho former wns fined 20s. or forty- oight hours, and tho latter 10s. or forty-oight ! hours. Tommy was also ohargod with nssault- I ing tho polioo while in tho disolinrgo of thoir duty, was fined 40b. or ono month's itnpriBon- mont. Potor, n South Soa Islandor, was fined 10s. or forty- oight hours for being drunk, and £6 or four months' imprisonmont for assaulting tho polios ; ho was furthor charged with resisting tho police, and waB finod 20s. or ono month; - This samo man was- also ohargod with boing drunk nnd disordorly on the 26th May, in Williniii-Btroot ; whon ho. was then takon prisoner by the polioo, biB mates , to tho number of fourteen or fifteon, rescued him. He was, howovor, re-taken on Saturday ovoning last, and was finod 20s. or forty-eight hours; . Willie, a Sonth Soa Islander, was charged with attempting torcsouehis mates on Saturday evening, and also oh tho 26th May, For tho first offonoo, ho was finod 50s. or two months ; and for the sooond, 60s. or two months ; tho sontanoes to bo noeumulntivo if fines not paid. Tommy Thompson and Ohariio, South Soa Islandors, wore charged with having assaulted Sing Yew Wall, with intaut to do him grievous bodily harm. It appears thnt Constables Livingstone and Bonttio wore on duty in East-stroot on Sunday morning, at abont 1 o'olook, whon the prosooutor oamo to them with his head blooding from a dangerous Wound in the tomplo. . Ho stated that I10 had boon attaoked by two blnoks in kiB own shop in William-atroot. Tlio constables wont with him, and he pointed the prisonors out, who, direotiy thoy saw the polioo, took to their hoels; tho polioo aud sovora civilians gavo obaae, and, aftor an oxoiting run, thoy ran their men to oartb, who mado a desperato re sistance, fighting liko wild boasts ; hut they wero at length ovorpoworcd, and tho brnoolots put on, the constables being manfully holpod by Mr. A. Bartlom, baker, who resides near the City Arms. Tho prisonors woro romonded till till 9 o'olook this morning. When Tommy Thomson was sonrohod in tho ooll, he had sove- ral ugly lumps of blue -metal eonooalod in his bosom. Billiard License. — A billinrd liaonso waB grautod yostorday to Jamos Laioly, of tho Universal Hotel, Eucalyptus.— Hardly a day passos that wo do not hoar or road about tlio virtuos of tho 1 ouoalyptus as a romody in malaria, or bron- chial attentions ; ana yoc, so lar as wo oun earn, no effort is boing made by tho Govorn- lmont, either to preservo tho trees in oxistonee, or to plant young ones in tho placeB of thoso removed. A Dr. H. B. Dow, writing in the Lancet, sayB, in tho first ooso, it was sug gested to him by his patient, who said ho had taken quinino by tho pound without result, and that the ouoalyptus was .tho ouly romody for him. Ho had many yours sinco contraotod malaria of tho worst typo in the Douro dis- triot, and had tried most remedies without avail. A . fow doses of tho titaoturo of ouoalyptus globulus romovod tbo symptoms. In the socond place, his pationt had been many years abroad as a missionary, and suffered severely from intermittent fovor, contraotod during his labors iu tropical oliinutos. He also found 110 roliof from quiuino, but was vory spoodily relieved by tho euoalyptus. Iu tho third ease, his pationt was a gentleman who had lived many years in India and China, and during his residonoo abroad had had Bovpral »t- v - - — j— wa toiiUuii d ra« tatuPLiSffld symptoms, and took qninino, as ho had been scoustomed to, to ohook tho illness. Howevor, on this oooosion, it failed 'to produce tho usual offoot, so Dr. Dow reoommended him to try tho euoalyptus, Tho offeot was at onoe morkod, and spoodily all his intermittent symp. toms loft him. Tho remedy is ploasant to takb, aud tho doso desoribod is ton minims of th8 tinoturo. Market.— We find that another effort is about boing mado in Maryborough to establish o market in tho town; but from somo csubc which wo oannot futhom, there -appears to ho a strong antipathy - on the pari of . Municipal authorities to mako oveu- an offort to furnish what wo, aud tho public gouorally, oonsider to bo an absolute nooossity. .One thing is certain : until we havo a market iu Bookhampton our solootors will not turn their attention to growing eithor ooreals or vegetables boyond those thoy require for homo consumption, Thoy will not come into town sovoral times a woek with vegetables, poultry, baoon, eggs, buttor, &c.;, and hawk them from door to door. In the first placa they could not afford tho timo in tho sooond there would bo no general market prico for their goods ; and in tho third thoy would be led into oxponsos whioh would, in many instances, send thorn homo pooror than whon they oamo in. As a solootor said to us a fow days sinoo, "I oan grow anything; ! havo now BBfine oabbages, oarrots, mangold, potatoes, both English and sweet, as oould ho produood in tho oolonios, but I livo some 20 milos from Rockhampton, and I will not hawk them, booanso, as tho publio housos would bo my boBt oustomors, I should bo obliged to havo a glass at ono plaoo and a glass at another, so that by tho time I oould got off I should havo spent quito as muoh as I reooived. Give ms a a marxet to whioh I oan hriug produoo twice or thrice a week, aud thoro will ho no oompluiut about tho want of farm supply. Wo oan romomhor somo yours Biuoo that oauliflowors, hrooolo, oelory, and other vogotablo3 wore grown in groat quanti ties nnd of a vory suporior oharaotor ; but thoy aro rarely soon now, savo iu private gardens. And why t Booausc thoro is 110 publio markot whoro oonBumor nnd producor can meot on lovol ground. Th'oso who woro presout at tho lato Gracomoro Show must huvo soon that tho exhibits of potatoes, corn, lucoreno and oatou hay, butter, choose, noultrv nnd in funk nil kinds of produoo, woro oxoollont both as regards appenrunoo aud quality. And yot wo import all tho abovo, aud many othor things wliioh wo oould grow in any quantitibs, far greator indood than wo oould oonsumo. As wo have before said said, if our mtmioipal authorities are so doad to tho interest of both .town tiud country, that thoy will not oven oroct a shod on tlio markot resorve, bo that fnrmors oould briog in thoir goods say, ouoe a wook to bogin with ; then formers ought to hire a piooo of ground nnd put ono up themselves, It is nssortod that a market, would not pay. Probably not if gvent expenBo wore gotto to ; hut thoro is no necessity for oxtonsivo outlay. £100 would bo sufficient to furnish all tho acooiumodatiou required, at any rnto at presout. It is no' use arguing or asserting that this port will go ahead or oontinuo to flourish if supported only by thoso whogro w wool nnd meat, for it will not. Wo must hnvo on agricultural population settled all over our ooutttry, and this wo shall never see nuloss wo havo a mnrkot, good roads and branoh railways, HoshtaI.— A mooting of tho wholo of tho ootnmitioo ol tho hospital was hold yestordoy afternoon for tho purpoBo of ooUBldorittg applications lor tho nppointmont of a surgeon in tho plaoo of Dr. Oamboll, resigned. Captain Huntor in tlio oltair. Thoro woro prosont— Doctors Callogham, Robortson, Tlion, ana Salmon. Tostimonals from seven gontie man woro opened, whon it was proposed that a sub-committoo bo formod of throo tnodioal men, ohosun from nmong tiioso prosont, and that four mombers of tho Com- mittoo composed of the president, vioo-prosidont, Mr. Pattison, and another should moot nnd look ovor tho teBtimoninls, and briDg up a report. Tho sub-eominittoo to meot to-morrow at , Captain Hunter's offioo at 3 p.m. This con- ' 1 1 . 1 il. nC 41i/i mnnHnaf. Oiuuau mo uuuuum W wamw utww..-p. Pobtal.— Tho ranilB for Oopporflold and Ulormont hnvo boon altered; for tho future thoy will arrivo in Rookhompton 011 Wodnos- dny and Saturday, instead of 011 Tuesday nnd Friday, tho lattor arrangomoDt not hoing oon- voniont to our oouutry friends. uranon Railways.— From what wo oan gathor from tho Viotorian papers, tho solootors in that colony are in a worse condition than thoBO inQ uoonsland. - A -letter to tho Minister of Lands dated from Yarrawonga, in tho north eastern district, states, soys the Argus : — " Tho solootors aro all striving to overooino tho losses thoy sustained by tho rust last season, und aro pushing in tho orops in (hopes of hotter luok uoxt timo. Rustod wheat has heon offorod at our looftl iiour-niinB au in pui uuouoif refused nt that prioe. Fresh buttor is selling for ono-fifth of Molbourno prioos lioro at pro- Bont, nnd all othor produce nt ruinously low prioos. I hope tho Govornmont will provido railway oarringos from Yarrawonga to Mcl- Uoinuo at an oariy date, or othorwiso the farmors will havo to sook the protection of tlio Insolvoncy Court, as thoy oannot posBibly exist under present conditions." This goes to boar out our assertion that braueh railways through the agricultural districts nro as absolutely Dooossary to solootors, as trunk linos are to pastoral tenants. Tho former require to uu brought into rapid and certain communications I with markets, quito ob muoh no tho lattor do with ports, nnd evon moro so, booauso a largo proportion of thoir produoo is poriskable. Wo I talk a good deal about our -farming intorosts, and about tho nooossity of giving ovory en- onoouragoment to sottlors to oultivato thoir land, hut, wo do nothing to liolp them oithor iu tho shapo of providing thorn with railways ormorkots. Wo hold thnt to givo all our at tention to trunk linos, and to lonvo branoh lines out iu tlio cold, is short-sighted iu tho oxtrcmo. Tenders. — Touders for tho oonstruotion of I tlio fourth section (170 milos to 197 miles,) of I tho Control Railway from tho folio wiug 0011- I truotors were opened at , tho oflioo of tlio I Oommissionor for Railways yostorday : — J. I Swadling, O'Rourke and M'Sherry, Foaniain Brothers, and J. Forgusou. Tho following tenders woro, at tho same time, opcuod at tho ofllco of tho Uudor- Soeretary for Works For Custom-house and lnnd-oflico, St. La,vronoo, S. Bogers, juu., £584, sovou months : T. Watson, xooo, sovou moutus ; a. x>ouiuy uuu Son, £548, six months. For police- station, I South wood, Moonio rivor, W. H. Tsylor, £428 I fourtoeu weeks. For fonoing immigration I depdt, Townsvillo, T. Watson, £-170, six I months. Thoro was no tondor received for I building tho Luuds oflioo, <Sso., Tliorgominda. — Courier. A Sad Case. — A married woman namod Bridgot Hayes attempted to obminit suieido by taking poison on Saturday night. At ubout half-past 10 o'olook the woman called, upon Mrfirio?£o "stroot, and stated that her husband hud spent all tho money thoy ' had, that alio had nothing to support horsolf, anil that bIio intended lo do away with herself. Shortly aftorwards Mrs. Siovars fouud lior lying in tim baok yard, breathing heavily, nnd upon a policeman boing summoned an empty bottle was cfisaovcrad by her sido Inbollod " strongest ammonia." She was romovod to hor own houso and nttendod by a modioal gentleman, who expressed tho opinion that her recovory was doubtful. Governors Salary. — Mr. Meston's motion I to roduoo tho salary of the Governor by £1000 I appears to moot with a good doal of outsido I approval. With governors, as with everybody I olso,- popularity is but transient, and Six Arthur Kennedy's penohant for Chiuoso do- mostios, togothor with his quiot, uudemonstiat- I ivo mode of living, doos not find favor with I domooratio Brisbano. All the same, the pro posed reduction is not likely to ho passed, but His Exoollency will probnbly, when the voto oomos on for discussion, bo tho subject of much warm oritioism. Free Trade v. rrotectrion.— Thoso who havo tho temerity to desoribo freo trade as a ' colossal blunder" will, porhups, approoiato tbo fadt that Russian railway companies are Dnviue to Russian stoal-mnkm-R nvnr £RR nm- ton for Bossemcr tiros, whioh oan bo bought horo for £9." This Head. — " Atlas" tolls the following : — " The antipathy of managors to amateur aotors has its parallol amongst Roman Catholics, High Ohuroh olorgymen, who havo been long revelling iu ' fanoy ritual' boforo thoir soooss- ion, often mako a sad show whon they havo to tako part in a real Roman aeremony. One of tbeso not long ago was standing by Bishop Ullatkorno during an imposing function, aud was requoatod to put on tho mitre. To tho astonishment of tho assembled clergy, the noophyto plaood it on his owu bond I Dr. Ullatkorno rose to tho iovel of solf-possossiou required, and signifioantlv pointing to himself said, ' This lioad, if you ploaso." Tlio J?opo, it is statod, is making groat reduotious iu his personal household, observing that it is usolocs to koop up an enormous kitohen whoro nothing is oookod; his dimuu consists of a soup and ono plat. Of porsonal sorvjoo ho requires very little, so that his retainers will ho reduood to ono-tliird of their numbor. Ono of tlio most oxtruordiuury whirlwinds over kuown has just passod ovor a pluco oallod Piwnioznn, 011 tho Galiciau-IIungarian fronlior. Tho roofs of somo of tho housos wero lifted bodily off and whirlod half a inilo away, aud beams woro carried liko straws hofero tho blast. 