THE USE OF TOBACCO. The use of tobacco is becoming alarminglyprevalent amongst the youth of our colony and is really so. serious an evil that we-would do well to enquire if something cannot be done to check the growth of this habit. That tobacco smoking is an unnatural habit scarcely requires demonstration. Those who - have never used tobacco have, as a rule, a strong aversion to it, and the .severe sickness and nausea and distress produced by its use for the first time prove the antagonism between this narcotic and the human system. Tobacco smoking is also au inconsiderate habit; those who indulge in it inflict very considerable inconvenience and suffering upon others. The families of habitual smokers are continual sufferers from the selfish practice o£ the bead of the household } medical testimony declares that delicate women are often kept in a state of ill-health by breathing the air infected by tobacco smoke, and infants have been thrown into convulsions under similar con ditions. What non- smoker has not again and again suffered by being compelled to breathe the tobacco smoke puffed from the mouths of his fellow-travellers by road or by rail? Again the.habit in question is a filthy one, the saliva produced necessitates frequent expectoration, nor is the smoker always very careful as to the destination of his malodorous spittle; added to this, there are the blackened teeth, the fouled breath, and the general odor of nicotine which pervades the whole man. Some of our readers may bo scarcely prepared for the further assertion that the habit in question iB demoralising and degrading. There are of course exceptions, but experience proves that smoking leads to drinking. Good Templars have found that smokers are seven-times more liable to break their pledge than non-smokers and temperance advocates give testimony to a similar experience. Frem a little book entitled " May young England smoke" to which we are indebted for some of the facts alluded to in this article, we learn that out of fifteen boys admitted to a reformatory at Blackley twelve had been smokers and eight chewers. A London warehouseman declared u We never had an act of fraud in our establishment which was not traced to a smoker." An American stateshas said "He would not say that all smokers are blackguards, but he never knew a blackguard who was not a smoker." This, of course, is too sweeping an assertion. There are nodoubt'many earnest, good, Christian men who smoke, but we may safely say this, that the habit adds no lustre to their piety, nor does it increase their influence. Had we space we might enlarge on the expensive nature of this habit. The amount spent annually in the United Kingdom in tobacco is sixteen millions sterling. We do not object to a similar expenditure on bread or clothes, because these are necessary, but tobacco is a costly, mischievous narcotic, which is absolutely hurtful, and which every one would be healthier and happier, and we may surely add wealthier, without. With the money which a working man spends on tobacco he might in a few years buy himself a house. With the money whicli a youth spends on tobacco he might soon procure for himself a library of standard works, which, if studied, would be a fortune to him in themselves. Ought not the church to be the foe of tobacco when it is remembered that every year eight times as much is spent on this weed by England as on missions 1 Not only is money wasted over tobacco, but time is wasted, and men are endered indolent and lazy. But we have another charge to bring against the habit of smoking, and that is, it is dangerous to health. Tobacco is a narcotic poison. The sickness, nausea, and giddiness experienced by youths on first attempting to smoke are simply symptoms of poisoning. Tobacco tends to arrest the beating of the heart—it produces dyspepsia, stomach and liver disease, nervous derangement, paralysis, and insanity. It aggravates consumption, and is a common cause of cancer of the lips and tongue. These are not mere random statements, but are matters of the most respectable medical testimony. The use of tobacco checks both physical and mental development, and hurries thousands to an early grave. If these things are so ought not every Christian, every philanthropist, to set his face againBt this habit. How can we prevent the young from acquiring the practice of smoking ? Well, we may do something by avoiding the habit ourselves. Example is better than precept. We despair of seeing any considerable reformation effected as long aBi Christian men indulge in their pipe. Let Christian parents forbid their boys to smoke as long as they are minors at least. Let us educate our children as to the real nature and effects of tobacco. Why Bhould not the children in our public schools be taught the character and effects of both tobacco and alcohol ? Let ministers and teachers from desk and class speak against the habit of smoking. A word more. Let Christian men ask themselves if the indulgence in this habit can be pleasing to God. Are they not conscious that it lowers the tone of their Christian life, and hinders their comfort and usefulness? Can we expect the Holy Ghost to be an abiding guest in the breast which is continually saturated with tobacco smoke ? 