Feuillkitorte and other Poems. By Pxbcs Gordon. Longmans and Co,, London, Some of the poems in this collection are nice and swawtly melodious, but not overcrowded with deep thoughts. We giro the following as a specimen :— BOKO. I. Birdie, sitting on the spray. BiVr me 1 I was happy yesterday, For I had a lorer,sweet, Alas, w/th wings unto hu fact. Who from me has flown torday ; Bingtome thy plaintive lay. And pity B-», 11. Brooklet babbling o'er thy stones, Pltv me 1 I was wooed In tender tones, But the voice I fain would hear Will not answer anywhere; Nothing for my grief atones ; Murmur o'er thy mossy stones. And pity me. Hi. Wandering wind among the treei, Pity me: Tbou that comest over seas. Bring to me from thy sweet south Ho false kisses for my mouth. But cure for this fond heart's disease Staging o'er tbe lonelv leas Pity for me. ? Eipplbb and BBEAB3SE8, by Mrs. G. L. Banes. Kegan, Paul, and Co., London. Another volume ot verses on a great variety of subjects, the literary merits of which are hardly commensurate with the aims of the authoress 'Beating against the Bars,' is a fair poem, and teaches a healthy moral. What would I give to end the restless strife Which men call life? To reaeb. unchallenged the celestial goal OfTbefreedsonlf What would I give T Ah me 1 What have I to resign laanoallmlneF ?*.» Beauty .'— Scaat dower pf loveliness was mine, forsooth. Even in youth; And the small gifts were called bank one by oat, nil all ware gone. Now;— What of psauty could the passer-by In ms descry P Touthl— With Its proud resolves, high hopes and schemai. Its glad day dreams ;— Youth,— looklngup intent to the ' aUll higher* Full ef strange fire. Of life, and health, and energy todo— Xaouartgonetp*l Wealth?— That slldaye elude my timid clasp. I had nos\ren|iUi te grasp, S o magle net to catch the golden spoil With little toil: ? The mintage of the brain and of th» mart -; Axe far apart. ? . Sealth ?— With full pulses beating steady time To life's best rhyme, Bplrlts elastls as the buoyant tread— ' Thou long bast fled ! My white face mocks my pillow, my thin hand Droopi down Uk* sand. -. . Lmct—X had a httrt-ahapedchiJIoe brimmed with wine from fount of thine I gave my goblet, bubbling richly up, Forallkeoup:— I bartered wine tor water and sour lets, is loved of these P I would give much— but what f-ftrletratoadatiny putofthlsolay. I have not Beauty, Youth, nor Wealth to render un fcor Lore's full oup, Sor Health's pure balsam. I have ponght to brine As ottering. ' Let me be patient, since in each heart bsat Of the sort messenger whdoomes to alt' WlthmysUepaUi ?? gj»Uw4*T ltU|,« jroice |n solemn fen* 'Oh, panting heart ! chafe not with flattering rage Against, illy cage:— For ethers, not for self, Gi«t gave the place In life's sharp race. The pulse may ebb, feet Meed— but duly done, Thse-oalic won!' Thb Dawn of History : an Intboduction to PBE-Jiisrowc Stud v. Edited by C. F. Kjjaey, M.A., of the British Museum. London: Mozlty \- and Smith. At the present time, when the opinions of geologists respecting the antiquity of our race are so hotly contested, and when discoveries are being made almost every day tending to ishow the great antiquity of man upon the earth, a work like the Dawn of History is an acceptable addition to the literature of tbe subject. Mr. Keary does not exhaust the subject, but he gives a great deal of information on it. Writing of cave drawings, be saye:— It is wall worth while to pause a moment over these cave drawings, l'hey are of vail'** degrees of merit, for some are eo skilful as to excite the admiration of artists and the astoniubment of ar«lK«oleglsts ; and it is a curious fact that during axes which succeeded those of tbe cave-dwellers ; alL through the polished atone period and the age of bronzes — of which we shall bsve to suo&k; anon — no auch umbilicus imitative works of art seem to have been attempted. The workers of these lator times seem to have oonfined them selves in their decorations to certain arrangements of points and lines. The love of imitatiuu is doubtless one of the rudimentary feelings in the human mind ; as we may see by watching cuildrea. But, rudimentary as It Is, it springs from the same root M the highest promptings of the intellect— that is to say. from the wish to create— to fashion something actually ourselves. Tills is diffident to explain tbn origin of these carvingB ; yet we need net sup pose tbat when tbe art of making them was once know* tbey were used merely for amusement. Lode afterwards we find such drawings and repreieutatiODB looked upon as having some qualities of tbe things they represent; as, tor instance, wheie in a Baion cavern at Uaosnow. in the Orkney islands, we find the drawing of a dragou, which had been sup posed to watch over the treasures oouoeajqd within. Bavages in the protfat day oft«n tbiuk that part of them is ac tually taken away when a drawing of Ihemis made, and exactly a similar feeling gave rise to the superstition so prevalent in the middle ages, that witchts aad magicians used to make a figure in wax to imitate the one on whom they wished to wreak their vengeance, and that all tbe pains iollicted upon this waxen antitype wore reproduced lu the body of the victim. On such confusion of ideas do all idolatries rest; to may ive not, without too bold a flight., unagtHe that some superstitious notions, touchiigtheem cacy of these drawings, was a spur to the industry of our first forerunners on tbe tarili, and contributed to their wonderfully acquired (.kill in their lu-t ? M ay they not have thought that their representations pavothem some power over the animals tiny lopriemiea; that the lance-headY carved with a munuiolu would lu elticieut against the mam moth's hide ; tbatll:e hirp»- 11 uuntuining the representation of a deer or a lieu was itie n-capuu bett Bdnpu-d for transfixing eitlierf However tliis nuv 1.1.-. uecannut deny tht interest which attaches to flw !ii« ib.-. nii,..toi art in the world. Nor is this interest confined ult-r-/;n ?-? w its an'.hotlc side— the mere beauty and value or ari 11.-, .1 -(-iv.it though this be. Hot only dues drawing share tlial in, alarums power of impartinit intense pleasure which tn-lims* to every form of art, but iu was likewise, after human sptcli, the first discovered means of cnnveyinBan ideafrom ouo man to another. As wushali come to see In a la'er chupter, t he invention of drawlug bore wilh it. the seeds of the invention of writing, tile greatest step forward lu material tulDgs, at any rate, that man haa ever made. i Xuis is ingenious, but rnnlly since tbe descei- dnnts of these men do sometimes take to drawing rudely orotherwipe bb a pastime, or because their proclivities incline them to it, why should tbe men of the Palreolitliic or the Neolithic ages bav« not done the sumo thing ? These rudo drawings were the first dawniugs of art. Men at the pre sent time, who are not very much exalted above tbeiv pre-historic ancestors, make rude attempts at drawing merety to gratify thei natural bent of their minds towards art. And,' since human nature, whether savage or civilised, or wherever found, displays tbe same fundatnesWl characteristics, why should not savage pre-hiF,toric man have gratified his iiuitstive propensity merely because 6uch a propensity was part of his nature. While such an ep.sv eii-lans,tion of tha/pjica rfvntr. ings is at hand, it is not necessary to invent a tn.r fotched hypothesis to explain them. The burial customs ot pre-historic man are thus described : ? Their religion probably consisted In part, of the worship of the dead, so that t,he very tombs theniRdves, and not the cromlechs only, were a sort of temple. And vet they had! tbe deepest dread of tlie reappearance of tile deputed upon earth— of his ghost. To prevent his ' wnlnine' thev adopted a sWange practical fm-m of exorcism. They strewed the ground at th» grave's mouth with sharp stones or broken pisoes of pottery, as though a ghost could have his feet cut and by fearof that be kept from returning Io his old liaunts lor ages and aces after the days of the mound-nuililers tha same custom lived on ot which wo here seo the rlsit' The same ceremony— turnod now to an nmneaiiiugrite— n-a used for the graves of those, such as murderers or suicides, who ralulit ba expected to sloep unensily ia their narrow homo. This Is ihe custom which Is referred to In the speech of the priest to Laertes. Ophelia had died unaer such suspicion of suicide, that it was a stretch ot'tlieir ruin he says, to grant hur Christian burial. ' And but tlie great command o'ersways our-order Bhe should ia ground iineanctiliod havo lodged To the last trumpet: forcharitabloprayersT Shards, flints, and pebbles, should be thrown on her 'i1 * * * * * ? ft The body of him for whom tho mound was built v/is not burled in the centre, but at one end, and that commonly the east, for in most cases the barrows lie east and west It Is never stretched out Hat, but lies or sits in a crouched attitude the head brought down upon the brenr.t and the knees raised up to mwst the chin. Bo that the 'dead man was left facing towards the west— the going down of tka sun. There cannot but be some significance in this. The daily death of the sun has, in all ages and to all people tpoken of man's o» n death ; his western course bas seemed* to tell of that last journey upon which all are bent, f-o that the resting place of the soul is nenrly always imagined to ltu westward In tho homa of tbe setting sun l?or the re«t, there seems llt.tla douht that the barrow* renresout nothing else—though upon a large scale— than the dwelling home of the time, and that the greater part of their funeral rites are very literal and uu symbollcal. The Esquimaux aud Lapps of our day dwell in huts no more commodious than tbe small chambers of the barrows, and exceedingly like them in shape ; only thev keep them warm by heaping up over them not eartn but. TT-. }? th,M.e -*ey ?'* «-»»ttingln an attitude, not unlike that of the skeleton of the tumuli. Of the human remain* the skulls are email and round, and have a prominent ridJS over the sockets of the eyes, showing that the ancient rice was of small stature with round heads and overhanging eve brows: in short, they bore a considerable lesenjDlanoe to the modern Laplanders. Mr. Keary gives an interesting account of the village communities in Russia and India* showing that these modes of social life are 'survivals of thei first and earliest form of municipal government They we essentially aud substantially corn* munistic, and hence Cammunism, now bo much talked of as a panacea for all political ills, is really a re version to the first form of society that existed in prehistoric a(?es. The Teader will find in thii book a great deal of useful information on all these topics, and also on the use of comparative) philology and comparative history in all research a as to the condition of the prehistoric races. Wa strongly recommend Mr. Kearv's book to our readers, as a useful work on a most interesting subject. 'Tbe dearest object to me on earth is my -wife ' Mid Jones. ' Well, I'm pretty close to you,' esidl Smith, 'for the dearest to me is my ? wife's ward robe.' f A coloured brother was telling his young friend that he ought to jino the church, Sftid George, ' I would, but de temptation to do wrong is too strong; for me.' ' Whir's yer backbone, dat ye can't tobo up and Btand temptation?' DKolaimerl Brother Peter* I was dat way myself once. Mght in dis y*re town I had s- chance to Pieal a pa'r of boots -mifihty- nne ones, too. Nobody was dor to see me and I reached out my hand, and de debbil said take 'em. Den a good Bpint whfepered for me to lei dem bnot» alone,' ' An' yeu didn't take 'em?' 'No, Sab ? not much. I took a pa*r o' cheap shoes off do shelf an' I left dem boots alone,' Not long ago, as an elderly couple were out walk ing, a lady ou the opposite, side of the street tripped »nd fell down. The old gentleman rushed across the street, raised hu hat, and offered to assist her in any possible -troy. His wife f ollowed him across at a slow paoe, and witnessing his devotion to the stranger, nha $* '?iaiS?.d.!tooki6r fiBt « hitt-- ' I** »' Whi-, it's aU right,' he whispered. ' Yea, I know it is,' «fae hotly exclaimed : 'here an unknown woman stubs her toa, and you plough across the street to eat t*r na with kusdness. The other day when I fell down stair* you stood and laughed and chuckled and tickled you? ribs, and wanted to kaow if I was praothing f or 4 circus ! ? t At a recent discussion meeting, held by negroeii, tha TSbT°l the S'^8 WM : ' Wh^h '» *mudflw hatches deohioku?' The question was warmly de Vi\\!3 lnSIiy ra¥°nB P™ ?»* con 'ere nrged and oomoated, when»Bhrewd fellow put the case thus - b pose dat you sat one dozen duck's eggs under a, hen, and dey hatch, which am de muader— de duct or de hen ?» This wm a powr ; but the chairman «£ trioated them from tbe difficoity. BUn? from hi, ohair in aU the pride of oonsoious luperiority, he an nounced : 'Ducks un not before de house ; chicken* am de question ; derefore I rule de ducks out' An* b°.H 1 a-4 *' the Fe.mPlate overthrow of those who? held a different opinion. *i.A?*«he«^ltht'be De*i-Teuton (to the man at the desk),: If you pleaje, sir, I rants de baber mit 4u mornings One vot hash da names of de boobies, what, kills cholera allde vile,'— He was handed I paper and after looking it over in a confused way, hi -w'j ^ y°U S' «°.JSoot as to read de names of, what don t have de choleras any more to show shuns, ? w ™.d ?** Jf Olucl Geuwenkoopsnoffen hash rot lutening with trembling .Mention, wiping the per-, ?plratlon from his brow, meanwhile, » a great ex CaXnSL.™'1 °^w compleUd? A?£n,e'f CarlQttasen— -w WelL do nutter about the whole, nwne ; ft wasn't tkere. The Teuton's face brightened! uft_«»d he exclaimed-' Ton doa't find 'em !*— ' No. ?ush 1 name there. «ir.;'-T«nton taking him warmly, bj the hand) : Tata i.h nJce-thb is some funs ; that tih W name* I ph» drunk aa never vai. «ad I t*. i&H1; V* »*» *«d 'Pit d. oholm, Md tidut k»0* 