. AMUSEMENTS. THE CABANIHNI CONCERTS. The concert given at the Protestant Hall, by the Carandim company last night, was fully cimee.s- ful as tho first of the series wliieh look platoon Monday. The first number was a pianoforte duet, the overture to Don Giovanni which was excel. :ioin iy piayen ny linss , llano UuraiKlini and Mi.. Melville. Then came a solcclion from " Maritana" in which the whole company fbok pari. Tlie declaration duet from the " Grand Diielics?," in which the charming arm, " Kay tohim" occur?, was effectively given by -Miss "Caramlini and Mr. Slicrwin, and the audience testified their apprecia tion by loud and prolonged applause. Kivnor Orlori" played two violin solos, in both of which lie displayed lus usual excellence of execution. Mr. Vernon Ruid nml Mr. Gordon Gooeli wore both in grand voice, and lnsl but not least Madame Car, au dita herself sang. " Thou art gone from my gaze" ' and " Charlie is my darling," in her usual finished manner. Tho series of concerts will be continued to-night. Mr. ami Mrs. J. C. Williamson have eviilonlly entered upon a second career of success which bids lair to excel that of their first season in Kydnrv, " The Chinese question "'concluded the entertain ment. Owing to a sudden but severe indisposition of Mr. J. G. (,'alhcart ' Hamlet " was not produced at the Victoria Theatre last night, nnd in lieu of the tragedy, "The ticket-of-leavc mail " was per formed, aud considering the haste with which the play had to. be got up, it was exccllenlly played. Mr. Sterling Wliyta avas Hawkshaw, Mr. Rninford Bob Briefly, and tlie other aharncters iound suitable exponents. To night, a performance, that in every way promises to be brilliantly successful, will take place nt this theatre. Miss IJnrgoit is announced io re-api>car 11, in:, |Kj,vo,iia ciciuoii, ijuccu Sjiizaoeiu, ill Ginoommutti's play of that nnine, a part in which, it will, be remembered, the genius of this gifted actress is seen to such perfect advantage. Miss Dnrgon is to bo supported by a well-chosen com pany. among tlio landers 111 wlucli are Mr. Hmcrv, who will undertake the role of Lord Burleigh ; Mr. J. G. Cathonrt. who will appear as Essex; . Mr, J. J. Bartlett, representing Lord Bacon ; ,Mr. J. 11. Rainford, James AM., and Miss Tanner, Lady Howard. At the conclusion of tlie play Miss Dargou will recite Burns s " A man s a man for a' that," and Davis's poem "Tlio charge, of tlio Irish Brigade." It is arranged tlmt a testimonial ami address will be presented to Miss Dargou during tlie evening. As this is the occasion of a benefit tendered to one of the most illustrious actresses , Sydney has over seen, ami one whose wonderful histrionic powers never failed to elicit the most enthusiastic plaudits niul the heartiest encomia, it is to tic - hoped, and indeed safely foretold, that a house filled in every part will greet the rising ot the curtain. Miss 1), argon will be presented with a very handsome necklet and locket, set with diamonds and emeralds, valued nt 100 guineas ; a purse of sovereigns to recoup her for any . loss she may have sustained (luring her last season in this city, and an nddross indicative of the high esteem 111 winch she is so generally hold. At the Queen's Theatre Messrs. Baker anil Farrou, aud their company, in their popular drama, 'Tliu Governor," and tlie great troupe of Maori chiefs in their dances, songs, nnd pastimes, still prove nttrnetivc. The same programme is announce, 1 for to- night, and, ill order lo meet' many expressed wishes, Captain Ferris intends to give a matinee 011 Saturday. l'rofcssor l'epper's mysterious, ninnsiug, inter esting; and instructive entertainment nt the School of Arts is 'tanking its well merited progress in popular good opinion. Tlie new illusion, -' Fisher's Ghost," must be seen to be thoroughly understood ; it is so cleverly arranged (lint even skilful en deavours to explain it are entire baffled nnd fruitless. The wonders of tlie microscope are ex ceedingly pleasing, nml calculated to do much good 111 the popularization of a beautiful branch of science, while the portion of the entertainment entitled " Metempsychosis" is simply inexplicable, anil powerfully attractive. Miss Lane's singing, and the exertions of Mr. Kiililer nnd his little orchestra, are enjoyable sections ot the evening's amusement. For tluur last nights at llict Guild Hall, Messrs. Loamy and Simonscii's Froliqucs have put forward n. specially good programme, which last night was thoroughly enjoyed. Miss Ainsworth and Miss Godfrey charm by their singing ; Messrs. llecd, Gilbert, Gumming, and Harrington amuse by their eccentricities ; the Viinlis Sisters thrill by their startling performances, and Miss' Elliott delights by tlie grace and bouuiy of her dancing. Zilclin also contributes lo tlio- success of the entertain ment. To- morrow night the clover Ynichs bisters are to take a benefit. The performances at Mr. Burton's Australian Circus last night were, ns usual, successful m pleasing tlie nudioneo. Tlio nets of lioisciiianship nnd the various other items in tho capital performance, together with tlie novel aiul intercssing spectacle, ti tu n i 41. „ 11 ti miiai'ifiin. ' Oiu UCUljlU IlliU lillu lUIIU un t,lbvt(«- mont of 11 very superior and attractive kind. Tlio same performances are announced for repetition to-night. On "Wednesday there will be a inatmcc, to which the children of Die , Deaf and Diunb Asylum will be invited, and in the evening " &L; George and tho Dragon" will be witlidunui m favour of a greater attraction, and for Saturday a large number of novelties a it) in preparation. 