A STEP ON THE STAIE. I. A STEP on tho fltalV'-I know it well-' A rustlo by silken garments mudo, A sound like that of a human hand Nervously clutching tho balustrade. These I hftvo hoard for many a year In tho silent pannes of ovory night; I have watohod, but novor would aught ftppoav ; , , , . , Confirming tho ghostly sound with flight, At tho midnight; hour 'tis always there Tho trailing xilk-tho stop on tho fltaiv. ii. 'Tift a quaint old mansion whore I stay, 't'lio bodroom nnoiont where I sloop,1 With ourloua oarvon furniture. And curtains duak o'er windows deep. Tho oaken floor in dry w 1th years, And croaks l,o ovory footstep thoro J But tho room is silent when I liotvv Tlio trailing nilk-tho atop on tho stair. Somotimon it pauses bosido my door, Thon paoe.-i again tho hollow floor, hi. " What bodes tlio visitor hero F" I said, And tehmuod luy lamp and watohod ttgaui> Cautiously oponed tho panolod door And searched tho quivering dark In vain. Qutaido tho landing space was wldo, Tlio polished iloorii woro always bare. I hoard tho garments brushing aside Aud going down-tho titop on tho stall' J Aye, going down till it ucomod to fall And rout on tho lowest atop of all. IV. > I spoke, and tho hand on tho rail slid down, And a ftou.nd km a ling on oarvon wood ; In tho hall below a sigh ho doop Camo audibly awful whoro I stood. I ontorod tho room with trembling haste And barred tho door with a cumbrous chair, And thon again-.-tho trailing of silk - Asaouding, I hoard tho fitep on tho stair Ascending and alowly pacing by, With tho rustling «ilk and (loop-drawn sigh. V. Women aro bravo in tho parlour light, And men will joko at tho tales of ghosts; But ho who (deeps in that silent room Novor again of hit) valour boasts. Tho timid demolition wluspor foars And slian tbo stairs whou tho dark comes Oil, This was tho droad for tho many yoars} Whilo I havo slept in tho room alono : No night oan pass but tho listouor thoro May hoar tho moaourod atop on tlio stair. VI. With throbs at my hoai't that broko all rest, That alooploss night I sat in my ohatr; I hoard tho sigh of tho wind outside And tho sigh morn awful on tho stair ; All that old memories stored away I Hoarohod in vain . tho problem sought Lay buried doop in tlio after-life That awakens four and vexes thought; Wliilo over tho atop and sigh tho samo I hoard till tho gray of tho morning oamo, vn. Outside, by tho stairs, in a mouldered frame, Is a pietiu'o of ono in silk and laoo A statoly damo of tho olden timo, With ourlod groy hair and a haughty faoo. I said to tbo aorvitor: 44 Who it) thin f Aud ho, with a harrowing look, replied: .. " You havo hoaVd, itj thon-^tho stop on tho , stairP , It is yearn, ayo', fifty, sinoo alio dim] ! Aud over hiuc.o t,lioji-alio watt miatrofm hero-? Tho guests of that room her footsteps hear. ** vm, << Thin, my lady, was prbud and high. And hov sou as proud and high as sho ; Jiut ho was floreo and given to foud-. . ' Bad blood ran thiok in tho family. Ono night tho fathor nnd fcou, iu, wlno, Brawled at a klnmimu'a and fought with awoi'da, And late, in tho midnight, oovored with blood, Their dead, dead bodies oamo homo ou (boards Laid down there, at tho foot of tho stair Oh I tho blood wan running ovorywh'iro ! '' ' IX " My litdy hoard- yauK that was hor room-? 0, sho was whita ! but hor stop was staid-> You would novor havo known sho cared at fill But by hor olutoh at tho balustrado. And then her ring, as it umoto tho oak, Woundod hor hand till it bled liko theirs ; But sho saw naught but tho two. nor spoko j Sudden wit down on tho dahblod stairs, She cried nor upako, but rigid as stono, Only stared down at fathor and eon. x. " Tho women orlod-but sho sat still, And novor a sigu of word or toar ; Hor faoo was blanohod as any snow, But her oyeu woro awful-so blaok and oloar I Hor maid in hor fron/y took hor hand, But shriokod an it foil from hov grasp liko load. Thoro sat my lady-titill high aud grand, But moroy, 0 save ua t sho was doad 1 Now, ovory night sinco sho sat down thoro Her step is hoard ou tho oakon'stair," XI. I pondered-there is no graoa in this 'Tis a somowhat droadful talo of blood; But no whit wiser, in that I seek That which has novor boon understood. Resolve and courage should furnish mo This chamber till I had conquered foaj? And measured tho moral power of ghosts. This is why I'm dom foiled liore ; And tho lovo I havo for tho autlquo graoa That stays with spirits in suoh a plaoo. XII. I liko tho chamber quiet aud dim Because of its quaint upholstery, With its upright bodatoud, oarvoa and tall, Its purplo ouftnuiH and canopy, Its high- baokod ohalra of twiatod oak, Ita mighty flro-plaoo graved in stone, Fire-dogs grinning aslcop on tho health ?' And tho blinking griffins wrought thereon, ' And cabinets old, whoro soulpturod Fates Aro holding tho titles to vast estates. XIII. I liko its groining and tapestry And ita mullloned windows, whoro I see Tho ilrst red rays o£ tho BUU illumo The walls, with their Houlptured blazonry: Whoro tlio curtains flame with flowers of gold ' Aud tho grotoaquo figures laugh and olimh With many a mediioval triok In curious Gothic pantomime, And broken lights on tho statues fall In shaded niches sot in tho wall. xiv. Ah 1 all those things have a charm for me And hold mo yet a tenant at will. Though tho brooding darkness wakes with sighs And tlio stop on tho stair comes nightly still, I fear no ill of tho viowloss soul That, troublod, visits the patient gloom; And only a prayer of pity greets Tho restless ghost of thia haunted room. I should something loso did It como not thoro, This sighing ehado-tho step on the stair I RuronnNci MACHINE.-Among apparattfB which may bo called literary aids-writing, calculating, and other inaobiuos-^-seon at the Paris Exhibition, was ouo whiob attra.otod mnob attention, and whioh has not yet boon intioduoed into this country. It is known as " La Maohiuo Sffiuograpbiquo Miohela," tho usimo o I its inventor, 'i'ho claiiua made rospeoting it aro vory broad. In tho first plaoo, it is declared that after a fovtnight'o piaotiuo, any person of ordinary ability oan tako down in shorthand char aoteis any epoooh, however rapidly dolivored. It ia a small instmmont, piano«liko in form, with twenty- two keys, white and blaok, and tho stenographic oharaotora aso small and improfjsod on slips o( paper, Siguor Miehola claims to havo olaagi* fled all tho sounds whioh tho human organs of epeooh aro capable of producing. 