[?] WHILE giving insertion to our correspondents' communications we do not necessarily endorse their contents. MR. IF. B. CHRISTIE AND SEPARATION. to the editor." Sir, — In paragraph six Mr. Christie wants to know something about the public debt — what pro portion is to be borne by the districts proposed to be separated. He is very angry that the manifesto does not go fully into the question — very irate that 1 1 (t _ n«MAmwtanf fn no 11 rmdli 1l is ouij u premiiiuiiry caycxiuicuu, t-w expression of opinion." Indeed, throughout (and especially towards the end) of this paragraph, he writes in a sort of "your money, or yourlife"' style ; or, rather, he reminds one of the son of Erin's green isle, who, Bhillelah in hand, and danc ing a kind of war step, shouted to the bystanders "Will no one tread on the tail of my coat?" A schoolmaster does not give his scholars tho whole grammar at one lesson, nor does the clergyman com prehend the whole round of divinity in one sermon. So, too, the manifesto did not profess to discuss in one document every part bearing on separation. Every man of ordinary prudence and political ex perience knows that in mooting a new question the proper course is to state what will form a basis broad enough for honest enquiries, and tlienoe by discussion and the expression of opinion called forth, to educate the mind for action. That ground the manifesto took, and it is answering the purpose well. As the people are taught, and tho glamour of such as Mr. Christie's lucubrations removed, they will he prepared to seek redress in a constitutional manner. No doubt other manifestos will deal with the public debt, and other questions not yet touched. Meantime, I may be permitted to state that the 770 rata settlement of the public debt is n _ ll c 1 i_i _ j_ j mi remiy a niaLLer tu QooKK«ujiiig — »ur. ana cr. xue public debt of one co'ony cannot be settled in any proportion on a portion of the colony separating from it constitutionally, unless it can be shown that the amounts expended on it exceed its proper share of the revenue received from it previous to the date of separation. Previous to the erection of Queens land into a separate colony, New South Wales com prised about 1 ,033,520 square miles. By that event her area was lessened by some 669,520 square miles, but Queensland took no part of the public debt. New South Wales is still indebted to Queensland — the balanoe of unexpended revenue, received from Queensland territory previous to the date of separa tion. In equity, the same rule must apply to the districts now proposed to be separated, especially in consideration of the fact that they have been re tained contrary to the wishes of the people by the arbitrary act of Sir William Denison, On this point I refer Mr. Christie to petitions from the peo ple, and acknowledgment by the Imperial Govern ment (Australian Colonies Act, 13th and 14th Vic., ohap. 69.) Mr. Christie vociferates, Why, how, wherefore did New South Wale8 get into debt at all ? In this and other imputations to which he resorts he is by no means very courteous or select- To use a significant old Scottish phrase, " Better that he kept his breath to cool his porridge." It is not incumbent on the authors of the manifesto to show how and why prodigal maladministration plunges into debt's deep waters. That may safely be left in Mr. Christie's hands and the " five men taken at random" he is anxious to cross-examine I might as properly ask why he has ventured to wnTO SUCli a" conglomeration of_jyi tn per ati on and unreason in behalf of his masters. In the vindica-' tion of the principle by which the question of the public debt should be settled, and the precedent Queensland is a guide, my reply to the main para graph is complete. Paragraph seven deals with population. What he is driving at is not by any means clear. Though it contains a lot of figures, it is destitute of any definitely proved argument. Indeed, this want pervades every paragraph of his letter. As far as \- one can see through the muddle of this paragraph being a conglomerated statement about territorial extent, population, taxation, and the sort of Govern ment, the bent of what I think he means is this : That the population of the district proposed to be separated is about one-seventeenth of the whole of the colony, and its mileage one-sixth ; that separation is unjust ; that an equal capitation tax ation throughout the colony of £1 18s. 4d. would give £76,000, to be paid by the aggrieved districts, as proposed by "New Cornwall;" and seeing it does pay that, the cry for separation is unneces sary: and that separation and a seat of government at Grafton would not lessen the weight of taxes on the Sydney people. This is the argument, if such it can be called, Mr. Christie evidently in tended, but which, as he has failed to express, I have spelled out fairly for him. I now ask any of your intelligent readers to say if there be even the ghost of reason against separation. His first fallacy consists in assuming a correspondence between population, roads, and extent of territory. There is none. Roads are only needed for the require ments of population — not in proportion to extent of area. At date of separation Queensland had a population of about 27,000, and 669,520 square miles of territory. New South Wales retained about 364,000 square miles of territory, with a population of 326,572. At date of separation Vic toria had a population of 197,668, and 88,198 square miles, South Australia has at present about 803,690 square miles of territory, with (in 1877) a population of 225,677. These figures. therefore> demonstrate that no analogy exists between popu lation, roads, and extent of country. And, admit ting, for the present occasion, Mr. Christie's own figures that the territory proposed to be separated has 54,000 square miles, and a population of 40,000 from the greater density of population to extent of area, as compared with Queensland and South Australia, as well as from their known fertility and capacity to maintain an untold population and ex port produce largely as well, it follows that the Tfllnlo WTD1 rrVj 4 i It 1 » rrr»» nf ennnitnlinn v » " vie. 41 o U1 QlUlilLUu IO IU iitf UJl G1 ctllGUt Reductio ad dbsvrdim. is the state to whiob they hurry his fallacious statements. In his taxation views his bowling is equally wide. The chief tax-payers of a country are those directly employed in the production of wealth. 1st, the agriculturists. They produce the greatest amount of wealth within the comparatively smallest area. Over the widest extent of country, agriculture in cludes a larger amount of consumable and gene rally-used necessaries than any|other pi oductive in dustry. 2nd, the manufacturers, as they bring into the form necessary for general utility all kinds of raw produce. 3rd, miners. They produce much wealth, but the area they work is comparatively small, and the number of people employed in min ing pursuits, in proportion to the whole population, is also small. And, lastly, those employed in the breeding and raising of stock on the natural pastur age of the country, because they, in proportion to the area occupied, produce the least wealth. The ' mercantile trader is not a producer of wealth. He buys from the producer in one place, and sells it at an advantage to himself to the consumer in an other place. The £1 gain in his pocket depends on the absence of that amount from the pocket of someone else. Soldiers, policemen, stipendary magistrates, judges, surveyors, and State officials andiclerka are but the appendages of the wealth- producing classes enumerated, and pay only a moiety, next to nothing, in the shape or taxes. What they pay through the tariff, or what they consume, is not a decimal point. Now, Mr. Chris tie is much exercised about the Sydney tax- payers, lest in the event of separation they be left with a "burden, grievous to be borne." But, as producers of wealth, how many tax-payers are there in Syd ney ? Probably not more than 14 per cent, of the whole population ; whilst, in the districts proposed to be separated, there are from 70 to 80 per cent. However, therefore, the separation of our districts may be lamented by the population of Sydney, whose tax-paying scarce causes a jingle in the treasury chest, is small concern of ours. They have not studied our interests, and it is little matter if our severance from them should make them feel how great their past neglect, and how much in losing us they lose. Separation would be a boon to us, by getting rid of the pressure in having to con tribute largely for their support, Mr. Christie might have suppressed his forebodings about the future importance of either Grafton, Glen Innes, or Inverell, as scats of government. The effort at wit is only a ghostly spasm. That the Government does not compel people to live in Sydney, all the world " and his wife" are well aware. But by expending large Bums of money, much of whiofi is wrung from these districts proposed to be separated, and for which next to nothing is given iu return, they encourage resi dence in the metropolis, to the neglect of the coun try districts. Government centralization means a weakening of tho extremities. If the works on which these great sums of money are spent in Syd ney to induce people to reside there are reproduc tive iu proportion to their costliness, they are jus tifiable ; if not, the expenditure, in a new colony, is a orirae against the outlying districts. — Yours j COMMON SENSE. 