Lot* Against the Worla\ Bt. W. Stephens HvtwaBD. By a great effort she found words, but so long as Jasper remained in sight could not withdraw her gaze from his face. 'No, my lord,' she said, Slowly— easpingly, ? I will not leave England. I will not go abroad.' The face of Jasper disappeared, and the curtains closed. Lord Montserrat arose in alarm, at her wild frightened looks, and, turning, followed the direction of her gaze. ' Julia, what is the matter!1' be cried. ' Hive you seen a ghost, or are you go jj, TPiad? At what were you staring in thatwiU jjjjk uerP There ig nothing.' I fed h. ^nt '? * know not wkal-ails me. I tliougUt ? I fajjia. '^ — it was but fancy .-a phantasm of thv9 itaaeinatU, n — * thought I ewr a vision — a dari. figure with threatening face ;-ad uplifted hand, warning oeV^ It is not yet too late. Shall I accept the visio.^ *? true ? Yes .-, I will. I have a foreboding erlk. will come of thi «. I am in other hands— tine plaything of fate : bu 1 1 wi,U struggle against it ; I will da.* eat destiny. I will never be Marchioness ef Montsarat.' The Marquis listened to this wilB outbreak in perfect astonisJiBWient. 'Julia,' he said, taking her hand, « what mesa you ? Are your senses leaving you f* She started away from him, throirfng off .his hand as though it bui-ned her. 'Away! leave me now; this excitement fe killing me— I shall die! Leave me, Lord Montsfcrat ! If you love me, leave me now.' Thus adjuned, he could mot but withdraw. '* Hysterical,' he mntter&S; to himself ; ' I will send her maid to her,' Julia listened to the sound c€ ius receding foot steps, then, with a wild cry wrung from her tortured heart, fell faintfg to tl w ground. Jaspci* Lawrence, dashits asula the curtains, rushed forth from his conceaiTBeni - .and raised her inanimate form. ? He laid her upon the sofa, and endeavoured to restore her by ever/ ntoans in his power. When she awoke to consciousnesV, his face was the first object she saw. ?Oh, let me die! let me -£fil' she murmured faintly. . ,,..,_ ? No, no !' he cried, passioMLtely kissing her lips ; ' live, Julia, lire for me and love.' t' Love, love,' she murmured slo vly. ' Oh, Jasper, such love as yours is death.' ? No, Julia, it is your own proud heart and ambV tifin that causeB you all this misery* not my love. Awake from your mad dream — be y.»urself — be , a ?woman ! Discard Slonteerrat, and be ray wife.' 'I will not, I will not,' she said. Hysterically. * Marchioness of Montserrat, see tiere. the spark ling jewels which will adorn me, the tiua which will glitter on my brow. It is too latuj. I have promised, and will not retract. Leave me now, I am better — ring for my maid. Jasper, if you love me leave me.' Thus in the same words Julia dismissed her two lover ; one whom she bated and despised, the other whom ebe loved and feared. 1 Evil will conii- of this,' said Jasper to himself, as ho strolled away ; ' I see terrible consequences looming in the future. Disaster at'.d death may yet follow the result of your mad ambition— Oh ! Lady Julia.' CHAPTER XXV. ' REMEMBEE.' Merrily rang the balls, on the bright winter's morning on which the iady Julia was destined to become Marchioness of Slonteerrat. By Julia's express desire, the cereraouy was to bo of a private nature, unaccompanied by pomp or show. The b.ridc, accompanied only by Florence and her brother, Lord John, drove over in Sir Frederick's chariot to the little village church, where they arrived eta bout eleven o'clock, A travelling car ringo with, four horses nnd postillions was there bufore thorn. Iii i( L-mi Monlsorrat had arrived ; this vehicle win u'jslinoc to boar away Lftdy Julia when she should by M urebionesa. Although the ceremony was BUppo.-.c-ci u- be strictly private,, there was a coaEiowi'able concnutaa of people in nod. around, the t'liurou.^ Tho labourers, the for mers, and eimU tradespeople of the nUigtiliouruood lined tke road, aud cheered vociferously us Julia, and Florence, bride and bridesuiuid, were recog nisad. Among the few invited ss tlie wedding guests were Squire Lawrence and liis three sons. Montserrat was waiting nt the church jorch. As the carriage door was thrown open, and the steps banged down, he offered his hand and assisted his future wife to alight. No one could look in Julia's beautiful face without being struck by the strange expression thereon — pale even to her lips ; her eyes blazed like two live coals.and there was aieBtleES, nervous wandering in her glance which bespoke a. miadill at ease. Giving her hand to Moateerrat, she stepped from the carriage ; without a smile, or even a -word, she allowed him to lead her into the church. Far different was the demeanour of Florence. 'Walter, her well-loved Tffialter, was awaiting, and came to the carriage door to receive her ; giving him both her hands, she sprang lightly to the ground, ?? nd witn a nappy laugn, aaareseea mm : * Good morning, Mr. Walter ; this is, indeed, a beautiful day; there is an old saying, 'Happy is the bride the suu shineB on;' if this be so, my cousin Julia is indeed fortunate.' ?That your own wedding-day be as auspicious,' said Walter, in a low whisper, * and that you may be as happy as you deserve, is the sincere wish of your humble servant and devoted lover, Walter Lawrence.* Florence laughed, and blushing, said, 'Come, come, Mr. Walter, no fine speeches, please, I am bridesmaid ; 1 must see to my cousin.* 'Would to heaven you were bride, Florence, and I the happy man !' Walter had no opportunity of saying more, for at that moment they entered the church, and Florence, leaving him, joined Lady Julia in the vestry. ? * ' Julia,' said Florence, now, for the first time, noticing her cousin's pale face and strange man ner, « how white you are ! and I do declare your hand is as cold as death. What ails you? Are you ill or unhappy ? Surely it is not such a ter rible thing to be married.' ' 111 — ill,' replied Julia ; 'no, not ill, only cold — eo cold! 1 think I should like a glass of wine.' This was quickly procured for her, and she drank' it off, not a glass, but at least half a tumblerful]. Florence watched her in astonishment, and the truth 'iroke in upon her mind. Julia was desperately unhappy, thoueh she had made up her mind to this marriage, yet shrank in horror at its near approach. ? The draught of Wine brought no colour to her cheek, no warmth to her form ; its only effect seemed to be to add greater lustre to her dajk eyes, already, gleaming with unearthly fire. Minutes, which seemed ages to the bride, passed on, and at last all was ready. Her brother, Lord John, was to give her away, and at a quarter past eleven he entered the vestry-room. 'Julia,* he said, * come, all i3 ready, the clergy man at the altar, and Montserrat anxiously await ing yon.' Then, taking her by the hand, he Jed her forth. The church was thronged by curious spectators, and there broke forth a low bnzz of wonder end admiration at the dazzling beauty of the bride, she ?with a pale face and dark flashing eyes, looking neither to the right nor the left. Her brother led her across the aisle and up to the altar slowly and ?with even steps j she walked on and arrived at the rails. She bowed slightly to the clergyman, and then stood motionless awaiting her fate. At this moment the sun burst through, the clouds, and for a moment obscured her face, and shining through the stained glass windowi, enveloped her in a crown of glory; rays of purple, green, and blue, and all the colours of the nunbow blended, streamed f u'J an the statuesque form of Lady Julia, concealing her deadly pallor from the eye. Again there arose a little buzz of admiration, but this was hnshed as the minister commenced the eolemn service. Presently the sunlight faded away — a dark cloud swept over the tky, and .Boon the church was wrapped in deep gloom. 