THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday night "Hamlet" was played at the Theatre Royal to an audience which crowded the lower parts of the house. Mr. Creswick's Hamlet is not so good a per- formance as his Lear, his Ingomar, or his Virginius, but yet it is a splendid one, and very far above the ordinary readings we get. It lacks the impetuosity of youth (though the actor makes up wonderfully well). The terrified awe of Hamlet's first encounter with the ghost was a marvellous piece of acting, and then could be traced the abandonment of himself and his happiness to the task of avenging his father's death. Mr. Creswick placed before his audience very clearly the terrible struggle of Hamlet's mind, in receiving a message from the grave, the execution of which must blast his own peace ; his fighting against an inward conviction of the authenticity and truth of that communication ; sternly resolved that his suspicions of his uncle's guilt should be verified before he took action against him, and finally accepting his fate and fighting to the bitter end his struggle for justice. The scenes with Ophelia were good, and they were transcended by the grand closet scene, and the climax of excellence was reached in the soliloquies. These last were masterpieces of elocu- tion, and as they were delivered the listeners were awed into a stillness whose profundity was the more marked by the storm of applause which followed. The whole performance was a scholarly one—a trifle patchy, but an intellectual treat rarely available. Next in order of merit comes Miss Ashton's Ophelia, a performance of which it is impossible to write anything but praise. The effect of the lady's delicately graceful elocution gained additional force from her statuesque beauty and appropriate gesture, and the pathos of the mad scenes was intensely touching. Rarely do we meet with an Ophelia who can sing, and that Miss Ashton possesses this gift is the crowning merit of her impersonation. Mr. W. Seagrave played the King, and gave a very creditable reading of the part. It was an intelligent performance, but not so good a one as Mr. Seagrave could make it. Mr. B. N. Jones made Polonius an old pantaloon, but dropped this in the scene with Laertes, where he spoke with dignity and effect. Mr. Douglas, as Laertes, acted in his best style, a style which but for an occasional jerkiness, would have been entirely successful. Graceful and impetuous, he represented the young soldier very successfully, and in the grave scene played with capital spirit. The Ghost, as represented by Mr. Brown, was dignified; and Mr. C. Seagrave, as Horatio, played fairly. Mr. South's gravedigger is a specialty of that actor's, and the quaintly wise remarks of the clown were rewarded by laughter and applause. Mr. Hasker's first actor was an in- telligent performance. The other male characters call for no special comment. Miss Melville was the Queen of Denmark, and in this part she played with dignified ease. She looked regal, and, although her elocution was at times monotonous, she acted her share of the closet scene very finely. Miss Mainwaring was the player Queen, and Miss Oliver made a sprightly Osrick. "Hamlet" will be re- peated to-night. MRS. F. M. BATES' BENEFIT. The benefit which was accorded to Mrs. R. M. Bates, at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday afternoon, was a success in every respect. It was prompted by charity and respect, and carried out with evident diligence and pleasure, and it re- sulted in one of the most pronounced manifestations of prac- tical sympathy eyer witnessed here. The circumstances under which it originated are unusually distressing. Mr. and Mrs. Bates were playing in Sydney only a few months ago, to audiences who either admired his cleverness or laughed at his manifold drolleries on the stage, or applauded her well-sustained efforts to gratify and amuse them. Both had visited Sydney on several occasions in their professional capacities, and invariably received the kindest and most flattering welcomes. Mr. Bates left here, it is said, for the purpose of fulfilling engagements in Melbourne. News was received shortly after his departure of his death in that city, and subse- quently it was supplemented by the announcement that it was believed he had been murdered. Since then the cause of his death has been clouded by mys- tery. The evidence at the inquest on his body has evolved nothing conclusive, and a presumption has arisen and gained ground that he has been the victim of foul play—the unwilling participator in his last "great tragedy." Thus his long career before the people of Australia has terminated, and his companion in success and non-success has been left a widow. Whatever has been the cause of his death the sympathy for Mrs. Bates in her bereavement has been universal, not only in New South Wales, but the other colonies. It took practical effect in Melbourne, in the form of a theatrical benefit, which had extremely gratifying results, and no sooner was the sad intelligence of Mr. Bates' death received here than those interested in the dramatic profession met and appointed an ex- perienced and efficient committee, who carried into effect the entertainment of Saturday. Mr. Lazar lent his theatre for the occasion, and we are credibly informed that everything in connection with the affair has been contributed free of cost, and that offers of assistance have poured in from every side. A programme was prepared and enriched by every attraction, refined judg- ment, and long acquaintance with dramatic matters could suggest. The first item in it was a concert, the second the trial scene from the "Merchant of Venice," and then came an Olla Podrida, a descriptive scena, a musical entertain- ment, one act of "Heart's Delight," and finally the bel masqué scene from the "Corsican Brothers.'' The stage management was placed in the hands of Mr. B. N. Jones. His Worship the Mayor and Mrs. Roberts were present to witness the performance, and an audience assembled which filled the house to the ceiling, which included many American gentlemen, who we believe, are compatriots of Mr. Bates, and were desirous of evincing a respect for his memory. With regard to the entertainment, we shall not say more than that it was one of the most complete and finished ever produced here. All the performers seemed animated by the most laudable feelings, and we think it would be no proof of good taste to refer to their efforts in detail. Indeed we feel assured they would not desire us to do so under the circum- stances. Their presence was an indication of their sympathy and regret; the first for Mrs. Bates and her children in their sorrow, and the second for the loss the profession has sustained in the unexpected death of one of its most efficient representatives. Their names were announced as follows :—Signor Giorza, Signor Zelman, Mrs. Fox, Miss Lambert, Mr. Armes Beaumont, Madame Rose Hersee, Mr. G. Verdi, Miss Agnes Palma, Mr. Alfred Gaynor, Mr. William Creswick, Miss Helen Ashton, Mr. Beaumont Read, Mr. Courtright, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Ball, Mr. C. S. Fredericks, Mr. Luscombe Searrell, Mr. T. H. Rainford, Mr. and Mrs. Taylor and Little Mattie, Mr. S. Emery, Mr. E. Wallace, Mr. H. R. Harwood, Miss D. Mainwaring, Miss Melville, Miss A. Deorwyn, Miss C. Deorwyn, Mrs. Croucher, Miss Croucher, Miss Tul- loch, Miss Lake, Miss Hone, Miss M. Olliver, Miss M. Willis, Miss M. Saunders, Miss J. Featherstone, Miss Broughton, Mrs. E. Holloway, Mrs. T. Ford, Miss Leslie, Mrs. Wilson, Miss Myra Kemble, Mr. W. J. Wilson, Mr. N. Douglas, Mr. C. Chriss, Mr. W. Seagrave, Mr. J. W. Deorwyn, Mr. W. Leslie, Mr. Hasker, Mr. H. Vincent, Mr. E. Wilson, Mr. J. South, Mr. B. N. Jones, Mr. J. Burns, Mr. C. Brown, Mr. Haynes, Mr. J. J. Welsh, Mr. — Ruttler, Mr. W. Smith, Mr. Scott, Mr. E. Holloway, Mr. M. Brown, Mr. H. E. Walton, Mr. J. F. Keogh, Mr. G. Dillon, Mr. L. Booth, Mr. W. J. Medus, Mr. E. C. Osbourne, Mr. A. Cargo, Mr. T. Ford, Mr. H. Leston. Besides these, members of the orchestras of the Opera House, the Theatre Royal, and the Queen's Theatre may be mentioned. Messrs. Nicholson and Ascher- berg lent a grand piano for the occasion. Prior to the con- clusion of the entertainment Mr. Lazar appeared on the stage, and on behalf of Mrs. Bates thanked the audience for their attendance. He also announced that £239 had been taken at the doors, and that this sum would be augmented by the sale of unused tickets, and probably extend to £250. His announcement was received with cheers. It is not necessary, nor desirable, to dwell upon the value of the monetary assistance which will accrue to Mrs. Bates from this benefit; but it may be expedient to say that, though her existence has been tinged with a poig- nant, almost overwhelming, grief, it has been coloured by a sympathy as widespread as it is generous and sincere. 