ALES, ETC. MAUBEEN DHU- THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER IX. BT MfiS. J. SiDTiTWB. " It's close on forty years now since jor Judy that's lyin' there under boord e Jornenst us brought me in a salmon for s great dinner we were going to have at master's that evenin'—the heavens be his bed this night, .and Judy Driscoll's too! jOchone ! but it's light and easy my heart was that day, an' as for Judy—she might .easy be my daughter, poor thing I you wouldn't find a tighter lass or a merrier one about the Claddagh anyhow. Well! as I was saying, it was I that took the fish from her that day, for you see, when there was any hurry in the house, there was nothing but 'Noddy!' here, and «Noddy !' there, and nothing went right, as the poor mistress thought, if Noddy wasn't hand and foot in it. So that day 1 was giving a hand to the cook, before rd go up to dress the ladies, in regard to the houseful of company we were goin' to have. It was purty late when all our preparations were made, but still in good time, and everything went as well as heart could wish. The ladies and gentlemen all looked beautiful, especially my own master and mistress, and Master Edward—the Lord be good and merciful to him this night, for, ochone ! he's gone like all the rest, young and Btrong, and handsome as be was then ! But the beauty of all was Miss Ellie—ahem!— a young lady that was in it with her father, a fine, ancient, ould gintlemen belongin' to one of the Tribes. Most of the young gentlemen were after Miss Ellie, for not to speak of her purty face, —and that's what it was, sure enough !— she was an only child and her father didn't know the end of hiB own riches. Still and all, there was two that had more conceit in her than any of the rest. One of them was come of an ould Galway family, and proud he was of it, and the young lady's father thought mighty well of him, for he was worth a power of money, and had ships of his own sailing on the salt sea far and near, and had neither father nor mother, brother nor sister to claim a share of what he had, Maybe Miss Ellie liked him and maybe she didn't—some said yea and some said no—howsomever, the other young gentleman I spoke of was in the way—he was a foreigner, from Spain or some of them outlandish countries beyond the sea, and had no friends or blood-relation in the city barrin' Miss Ellie's father and herself. He was a cousin of the ould gentleman's, it seems, and was sent to' Galway for his edication—I suppose there's none to be had where he came from—at any rate he was rich, people said, and I'm very sure he was handsome, too,—a darlin' fine fellow as you'd see from Cork to Kinsale, let alone in Galway city. He had a pair of eyes in is head that were shining and dancing like the waters out in the Bay of a bright summer day, and a head of silky black hair that you never seen the beat of. WaN ! to be sure, it was as natural as life, for the young foreigner to have a likin' for Miss Ellie that was so long in the one house with him, and as I said, maybe the young lady thought just as much of him as he did of her, but to make a long story short, the ould father of her—a.wizened little leprechaun of a man—had set his heart on Mr. Fitz . Lord bless. me, what am • 1 sayin' at all 1 —I mean on the other young gentleman for a son-in-law, because they were doing business together—himself and the young gentleman— —and his father before him for many a long year. -Here, - Maureen, put a coal in the pipe fo* the.-r-ih&ViB; ^ darlin'—where was I?—right, Maureen, right—I said the ould. gentleman .didn't w,ant his one daughter to marry the stranger—maybe it's what he was afeard, poor man ! of her leavip' him j in ^he dark lonesome days,of age—I don't kmw—God knows. It,' happened, anyhow, on, .thjui very evenin* I'm speaHn*. j)f ih^t.,^the, yophg foreigner sat alongside" of Miss Ellie, at table; and had hardljr a word for, anyone 'but'herself, iand ttfoybe'she : didn't listen (tp him, the darlin', arid smile, on him, ;top !' Wjpn I. j the lather w^s sittin' right the nose oil- myface. People used to say Afterwards that thfe ould gentleman and ^oung one g& ve = eachotherthe wink to watch ;the sport,, though, 'dear Knows, it Was no Bporttoeither df them. 'When the gentlemen ; followed the fltidies - to the drawing-room/ '—Noddy' Was '' sorely .pu^zled to give thiese words inthe 'Ol&dclagh; dialect, but^i&e; , managed to convey the idea' that the ladies 3i<T go to another room while they of the masculine gender sat over their wine and punch, together with the subsequent movement of the latter in the same direction—"it's no easy matter," said Noddy, with infinite self-importance, "to make you understand the ways of the quality." *' Wisha, then, but it's the quare ways they are/ 1 ' said a rough old fisherman who sat with his back against the jambwall, smoking his pipe in luxurious enjoyment of the Btory; "couldn't they let the women take their comfort out of a drop aB well as themselves, the unnatural haythens ? if it was only to wash down their bit o' dinner!" "Why, then, bad manners to you, Dinny!" said Noddy, sending a contemptuous whiff full in his face, "what right have you to find fault with the quality for havin' their own fashions? But sure I needn't blame you, poor man! if you knew any better you wouldn't do it. Well! whereabouts was I— 'At the gentlemen goin' to the ladieB' room," said Maureen. " That's it, that's it, child! it's you that's always cute and sharp at takin' up things. Well! as I was sayin', when Senor Juan—ahem! the young Spaniard went up to where the ladies was—and what do you think but he went up before any of the others—didn't himself and Miss Ellie get together again, and were playin' music together, an' everything like that. Well! my dears, when the rest of the gentlemen came up, the ould father was as red aB a turkey's head, with the dint of anger, when he seen how things were goin', but hd said nothing. By- and-bye the young gentlemen that he had in his eye for Miss Ellie took him one side, and they had a long talk together, and after that neither of them took any notice whatso'mever of the young couple for the remainder of the evenin'. People were full sure that there was goin' to be a -match between the rich young foreigner and purty Miss Ellie, and somehow everyone was well pleased at it, for you'd swear they were made for one another. I suppose they thought so themselves, too, the creatures I but if they did, they were all in the wrong, and so was the whole town. Here Noddy paused, ostensibly to have her pipe replenished, and to imbibe a certain portion of the inspiring essence of John Barleycorn, offered for her acceptance by the sorrowing young master of the household, whom the story had beguiled from his lethargy of woe, and placed on a seat at Maureen's back, viz., an inverted fish-creel. Everyone cried out to Noddy to go on, but Noddy, with the tact of an old storyteller, was coquettishly playing on the interest which it had been her previous study to excite , in the minds of her hearers. So she puffed away at her pipe, took a few sips from the tea-cup which served the purpose of a glass, and then smoothing down her check apron, looked complacently and, indeed, somewhat alyjy round on her audience aB though she enjoyed their visible impatience. " Ah! then, Noddy, can't you go on, now?" "Well, Noddy, what came of it ?" "Were they married, Noddy, .or what?" . ."No, child, they were not married,; whatever turned up that night after they all went home—and to this hour no one living knows—the Spaniard left the city early in the mornin', long afore anyone was stirrin', and from that day . to this, he was never seen on Irish ground." "Lord save us, Noddy agra! what came of him, at all ?" " God only knows that," and the old woman shook her head with solemn emphasis, " many and many's the time I heard the ould mistress and master— God be good to them! talkin' about it between themselves, but they could never make head nor tail of it." "But what did Miss Ellie do, Noddy ?" inquired Maureen, . eagerly. "Did she die of grief?" " The sorra that she did," said Noddy, dryly, almost bitterly; "about a month after that she was married to Mr. Pitz— oh, bother to this tongue of mine! I mean the young gentleman that was pleaBin' tohsrfather. I declare to you, jnany a.ope wondered, that she took him, for dear ^cnows, he was a proud, darklookin' , man as you'd find anywhere, though I can't i»y but what he was handsome enough, too—still an' all, there was quart stories going' at the time abouthim and the young foreigner— quare storie'B all out,andsheshookheT head with a mysterious air, and;dtewin her thin, bloodleaB lips as though she feared.' some indiacaretioh on 'their-'part'. Seeing that iio' one.sppke r . although every lace, reflected, her owp half-revealed suspicion, Noddy went oh . in a lower,and •till moresolemn tone: \- People .used to be sayin? thatthere wete Spaniards made away with by some ofHUownforebearers in the ould anoient times long-, ago,'and that MosterAr—; tiie hridegtoom, I mean, had as darkand down a look with him as e'er a one of his people ever had. But, howsomever, it was the quarest thing of all that Miss Ellie could bring herself to take him for a partner athout knowin' what had come of the poor young gentleman that was a stranger in the place, and ne'er a one to look after him only herself and her father. But, indeed, she took it mighty easy, and grew as fat as a little whale, and tosee her and her man walkin' out or ridin' out together, my dears, you'd think she never had a notion of anybody else, or that the Spaniard had never come across either of them. The husband and the ould father are both dead years ago, so they know now whether they done the fair thing or not in regard to the poor stranger. The Lord forgive them their sins, anyhow !" Not a voice was raised to say " Amen!" and for a few moments all were silent. Shan Driscoll was the first to apeak : " Well, somehow or other, Noddy, what you say about the gentleman that married Miss Ellie puts me in mind of Mr. Fitzstephen—" Maureen turned her head quickly and looked him full in the face, her lip trembled, and she seemed as though she wished to speak, but even if she had her voice would scarcely have been heard in the clatter of the two ponderous tongues which were instantly in motion. " Wisha, then, isn't he mighty sharp on our hands !" cried Noddy, in a tone of cutting irony; " I'll go bail, now, you could see the grass growin* if you were put to it—eh, Shan ? Now, in earnest, I want to ask you one question, an' I hope you'll answer me—what in the wide world put Mr. Fitzstephen in your head?" "You may well say that, Noddy agra!" cried Vara, with even unusual force and energy of expression. "You were tellin' of what happened as good as forty years agone, and that is what the heaveril puts in his word about a man that's nearer to thirty than he is to forty —maybe it's what you'd be findin' out next for us that myself, or Aileen there, is mighty like Noddy's ould (madam that does be comin' to her, and cosherin' with her in the dead of the night when there's none to hear or see them!" " Yara !" said Noddy, with an air of offended dignity that had deep feeling in it, too, "Vara! don't be talkin' that way—I wouldn't sit by and listen to my own mother makin' free with the mistress's name. No I wouldn't!—and more betoken, I hope she's at better rest than all that comes too." "Musha, then, but it's thin- skinned you are, honest woman!" said Yara, putting her arms a-kimbo in an attitude that denoted no pacific intentions; " much about your ould quality and far less!" Whatever the feelings of the audience might have been no one- dared to find fault with Vara, and moreover, it was well understood that she had her match to deal with on that occasion—though it was a great word to say on behalf of Noddy. It might well be, on the whole, that the majority of those present slyly enjoyed in anticipation the clash of two such keen-edged weapons as the respective tongues of the old dames. If it were so, their malicious curiosity was destined to be gratified, owing to a singular delicacy of feeling on the part of the Galway beggar. "Yara Halliday!" said she, after a visible struggle - with her natural hot temper, " I lave it to your own dacency if this is a fit time for a quarrel—you and me both had a wish for them that's lyin' there stiff and cowld fornest us, an' let no one have it to say that we'd disrespect her so far as to fall out at her wake. If it was your own house we were in, I might act differently an' make myself scarce, but I came to Judy Driscoll's wake, an' it's not your bad tongue that'll send me away. Say what you like now, an' I'll keep it all in store for you—but mind you'll not get a cross word out of me for this night, anyhow." "Wisha, then, Noddy, but it's you that's got's mighty sensible on our hands —howsomever, I'll give in to you this time on account of the time it is—but don't keep harpin' on the quality, I tell you—the quality, inagh /—it's enough to make a body sick to hear the likes o' you goin' on about them the way you do!" "I towld you I wouldn't answer you," said Noddy, with disdainful emphasis, " anM won't—go, on {now as fast as you like!" But Randal and some others of the ancients interposing, -succeeded in making peabe between the angry potentates, and Maureen was ready at Noddy's elbow with a freshly-lit pipe of fragrant tobacco, and a whispered petition Ion the part of all the youngsters that she'd tell them another story.< <- " Well! I'll not ref use yon, Maureen !" add the old woman, lookingiindly down on the beautifoi supplicant: f" I'm thinking it w ould be .hard to do,it,'' she added, in a lower voice'; " buti^p&^ur granny doesn't like to hear abou®tj^5|u6lity,' I must only think of something that'll be more to her taste." " But, Noddy,-/liketo hear about the quality," said Maureen, with a pouting lip ; " don't mind, granny—she's only makin' fun." " The sorra that I am now, Maureen ! an' I'd thank you not to say it, miss !" " Never mind, ma colleen dhas!" said Noddy, bending down her head till it almost touched Maureen's, "some other time I'll tell you all abont the old times and the old people that I used to know. Anything else 'ill do as well now !" Maureen's countenance brightened, and a glow of satisfaction overspread every feature. For some reaBon best known to herself this voluntary promise was particularly agreeable to her, and for the remainder of the night nothing could exceed her kind solicitude about Noddy, although her subsequent stories were far from exciting her attention aB the first had done. About midnight the Rosary was said, and on toward morning some hymns were sung by certain young men and women who belonged to the chapel choir.* After that another round of stories, wonderful accounts of hair-breadth 'scapes," and perilous adventures amongst the isles and in the sargy creeks and inlets of the Bay, whither the hardy Claddagh men were wont to follow the finny tribes. Even Shan Driscoll had to tell his story when his turn came, and at Maureen's request, old Aileen related, for Noddy's special entertainment, the wreck of the Spanish vessel and the all but miraculous escape of some of tha crew. Noddy listened with a halfattentive ear, until Vara, taking up tha tale, told how the Spanish gentleman lay sick at her father's house for many long wee"ks—how they cared and tended him, and how generously he would have rewarded them, had they chosen to accept his gifts. By this time the beggarwoman's attention was fully awakened and she swallowed every word with greedy interest. Not a trace of her recent anger remained either in voice or manner. . . " Ah then, Vara astore ! how long is it since that happened 1" "Well, 'tisn'tto say very long, either let me see now—it's just about fiveand-twenty years come next fishery—it was about the days of Hollantide, I'm a'most sure." "And what kind of a man was he, agraP" "Wisha, then, but you're enough to puzzle any one with your questions, so you are, but if you must know all about it—he was a middle-sized, black-avized man, with a pair of rollin' black eyes that you never seen the beat of—our Maureen's there wouldn't hold a candle to them, an' then his hair was as curly an' as silky as a water-dog's." " Well, to be sure," muttered Noddy, to herself, " it was about the very time, an' just as I seen him—maybe it was'nt his ghost after all." "And maybe Miss Ellie's husband didn't make away with him," whispered Maureen, with an arch smile. \- Xt is a common custom in the rural districts of Ireland for the " singers" to attend wakes and celebrate the solemn occasion by chanting the hymns of the Church. It is a -beautiful and highly commendable practice worthy the primitive ages of Christianity. (To be contiuued.) 