LADIES' COLUMN. i IN THE TOWN HALL. My visit on Thursday was to the Town Hall, , during the organ recital' hy Mr David Leo, the oity organist. Aa itwaif tho 6rst time I en- tered'the building of which the Mclbournites are so justly protia, i may, remaps, nave gathered a different iinpressioir from both it and the music than those ladies ore likely to do whose visiti have been fraquont; and a few words, descriptive of my ideas on both, may not be amiss. It is a noble ball. Daring a travelled life I have soen many such, and but few with which it may not favorably compete. The space is so vast, tho proportions so good, and the coloring so harmonious, that one must indeed be hard to please whose hopes are not amply fulfilled on a first visit to it. Willi tho exception of the width of the bal cony at either side, the grand organ occupies the entire extent of one end of the wall. I cannot tell you its dimensions. I wish I could. I remember when it was brought out from home, and the newspaper comments ou its power and tho work of erection. An im- Breseion is left on my mind that it was built in lublin, and by a Dublin firm. I do not ;ive you this as a fact, bu . as an impression, and I should bs glad if some one would kindly sot me right on the subject ; but I do know that the tone reminds mo of the organ in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, wbich is said to be ouc of the finest in tho world The body of the hall Is seated with rows of Windsor chairs, in four groups, allowing a passage covered with coir matting to run up the centre towards the organ cad, and another to cross it at right angles. There is also a passage up the entire length of either side, under the balconies covered with the same coir matting as tho centre aisle. The balcony is a gallery running nronnd the three sides of the hall which are unoccupied by the organ, and It is furnished with threo or four rows of seats with cushioned eoats and baeka, covered with maroon morocco, and raised one behind the other, amphitheatre fashion, so ss to enable the occupants of the seats nearest the wall to obtain a good wimu rninw flio hanrlu nf f.hnBA ITlnrfl fjwnpfthlff placed. The walls above tho balcony are divided into panels by half sunk pdaitor», colored riehly in cream and golds and the panels are in delicately contrastingshndesof pale green and pale lavender. The roof is arched, and divided into threo compartments by two rows of continuous sky-lights, with a handsome trellis of ornamental iron scroll-work shielding the glass. The three compartments ere again divided into square panels grounded in palo blue and with a star pattern in each of the mingled colors of the walls. The effect is harmonious aiul exquisitely grateful to the eye. It would not do for all to possess the same teste, hut opinions are worth little unless con trasted with those of others which _ may be more valuable. I do not like the coloring of the organ itself. It is harmonious with the hall, and perhaps of a little warmer tinting ; but I do believe in tho eternal fitneBH of things," and I do not believe in a grand instrument such as that being decked out in a garment of shim mering hues, like a young girl in the first blush of womanhood. Though it is a new orgpn, one would like to believe it old. I should like to see it in ancient looking oak, or in robes of ebony, with a glimmering of " old gold" among the sonorons pipes. But as I said before, we cannot all think alike, though I claim for mysolf the same liberty of opinion as my neighbors — the only difference between them and me being that Ihave an opportunity of expreseing mine moro publicly, and of dis seminating it more widely. I suppose that there is a housekeeping in stinct in every woman, developed 01- unde veloped; at least, in no other way can I ac count for the intcrcet I took in those Windsor chairs down in the body of the hall. On a rough calculation, there arc between COO and 700 of them. What a lot of money they must have cost at six or seven shillings each 1 What a number of houses they avould furnish with scats 1 As a rule, I don't trouble myself much with housekeeping arrangements, bat I really should not mind having half-a-dozen or so of them. Yet, if ever the four thousand people which the hall is stated to be capable of seating, should arrive there all together, they might miss even the half- dozen ; besides, you know, there is a coimnamdment, which says, "Thoushalt not covet thy neighbor's goods." When Mr Leo commenced his recital, there were, perhaps, 300 ladieB and gentlemen seated in the body of tho hall, and about 35 in the balcony. The performance commenced with Moznt's well-known overture from Don Giovanni, during which I was more occupied in listening to the tones of the organ than in following the motif of the composition itself. The opening chords broke tho perfect stillooss of the holl with a startling suddenness that reminded me of a sudden clap of melodious thunder; and I am afraid tho beauty of the composition itself was lost upon ine in watching the practised manipulation of Mr Lee's handa between the submissive keys of his grand instrument and its multitudinous stops. It must be so pleasant to feel that the grand harmonies of the grandest of instruments can be awakened by the touch of one's own finger — to know that, from the written page before you, you can move every heart within sound with the hopes, and fears, and tears, and prayers worked out in tho compositions of the grand old masters, who lived hundreds of years.- ago. And yet, after all, to reverse the proverb, there is a cloud to every silver lining, and it is cer tain that Mr Leo cannot enjoy his own per formance on that instrument — the manual labor is too great; ho must find his enjoyment where all real enjoyment is found, in the fact that he is giving infinite plea -urn to others. Maurice Lee's Gavotte in F, was the second on the programme, and I shall pass it over. ' It euits the coloring of the organ, , and I can sav no more for it. I ' should as soon think of using such an instru ment for any kind of dance music, as I should of performing the danco itself in the hallowed precincts uf a solemn old cathedral. But how much of gratitude do I owe to the msthetic mind by whose happy "desire" I was fortu nate enough to hear oc this, my first visit to the hall, Batisto's Grand Oifertoire in D ! It was in this composition that Mr Leo exhibited, at least to me, his admirable and perfect command, and comprehension of the atops under his control. I can't tell you how it opened — I know nothing at all about it ; I only know that before many bars of the composition had been given, I heard another organ far away beyond Mr Lee's, responding to the story re told in his soft accompaniment. Then a crowd of white-surpliced choristers took up the tale, and one of them sang a solo from tho repertoire of heaven, in tho pure, unearthly voice of on angol I saw the choristers in their etallB ; their misty white robes glimmering faintly against a background of dark — hundreds of years old- oak in an old Continental cathedral, where the light came gorgeous and dim through frond and lofty windows of stained glass; nay, saw the very yonth who, with rapt faoo andsublimc self-forgetfulnoss, was singing that solo not of earth. And when that other organ, that was not Mr Leo's, answered hack faintly from the dim distance, I could see the pillared aisle- stretching far away under the gleaming pipes of the imaginary instru ment, and losing themselves In an obscurity peopled with the ghosts of dead composers. Dreamland is not a good land to spend too much time in ; and it was, perhaps, as well for mo that I was awakened by Keppe's LuUiogston Maroh. Woll, Mr Kappa, I don't like yonrmarch. My regiment would not march well to it. They would go with heavy stops and discontented faces, and would infinitely prefer The British Grenadiers, or The Girl I left Behind Me. Lot them have those favorite airs, and you will see aucl hear what they think of them in the bright faces, and light, well marked steps; yot, singular to state, your march created a movement and a surge among the audience in the hall, that oventuntod in an ' exodns of more than one-fourth of the audi ence; so it must bo a good march, nfter all. I had previously had occasion to observe tho admirable quiet of the audience, tho tntal stillness that prevailed. It might have heon a church, so far as demeanor was concerned. Tltero was no movement, no con versation, and no whispering; but ns tho march proceeded, llfo began to "move on the face of the waters." The still sea broke into ripples, and the ripplos spread to tho outlets of the hall. I have no doubt that, released from the old cathedral, wbore that boy with the rapt inco sang of Heaven, Mr Kepp3 re minded them of sunlit streets, and thoy wanted to got out of them. But wo went back ngain to the cathedral to hear the selections from Mendelo.phn's oratorio of St. Paul, and song of " Thy Great Mercies, oh Lord," and_ ohorusscd from our very hearts of tho loveliness of the messenger of good. tidings, and we enjoyed it. In How Lovely are tho Messengers, espegiqlly, there is the hint of a triumphant jo/, which oan never be found In tho noisy street of a groat city. Wo know that tho feet . df the messengers of good-tidings have been on the. mountains,' and wo look up tvonderlngly to. the places whore their feet have been pressed. The grass is greener there, and the sun shines more brightly, but they have brought the ver-' dure and the brightness down with them, and Mr Lee tells us the glad news they have "brought with a soul In his notes that makeB one faint with joy, Lst us go out into the streets again; too much rnre wine Is intoxicating. One word of pitiable contrast. Will you believe it, that out of that absorbed audience there were a few gentlemen whoread the news papers through it all ! Read them, mind, for I watched them. Well, I suppose they are as God tonstitnted them, but now I pity them ! and I wonder that, not having a virtue, they do not, at least, try to assume it. There was uo dress there to record in the Ladies Column. Even in the balcony the ladles were attired in simple dark morning costumes. The weather is so changeable th it the spring change is certain to bo deferred ; but doubtless, when the fresh, brightjoostrmes arc donned, wo shall be rewarded for our disap- nointeiont now. NEMIA. 