PAGAN SEMIGODS CANONIZED BY PAGAN PRIESTS; AND ROMAN CATHOLIC SAINTS, IMAGES OF MADONNAS, CANQNIZED BY POPISH PRIESTS. Bv SIGNOE GIOVANNI FERBKUO, B.B.L. How often the inhabitants of India, of Japan, and China have silenced the Roman Catholic missionariep in telling then! that they comfe to their ppople to rob them of their known gods and gave to them in exchange their semigods. A book publifilfted in Rome under the sanction of Gregory XVI, and authorised by the congregation of propaganda fide, as well by the congregation of Bites and Discipline, commend^ the deceitful system and practice of teaching the young missionaries how to win the idolaters to the Church by tailing them that " the worship of the Christian religion OHly differs in form, though in many instauces is the same in substance." Quite so ; but then mutatis mutandis, the name only is changed, and not the object; so that idolatry remains, and Christ and His doctrine are used as a pretext to establish another system of Paganism, worse than that of Polytheism itself. Plato, Apulejus, and many philosophers of Pagan Greece and Rome gave to Jupiter the autonomy above all other gods, and believe in semigods, called demons (Apul. de dogm. Plat.) Jupiter was worshipped with the same degree of adoration that Roman Catholics offer to God, viz., with cultus 1 atrial. Venus was honoured with the cidtm hyperdul'm, as Mary, the Mother of Jesus, is revered by Papal Rome ; and the inferior gods were honoured with the cultus of dnlia, as the saints of the Martyrologium Romanum, and all those legions which have been canonized by the Popes as saints, or beatified as blessed. Compare a passage of Apulejus (de Deis Socratis) with a passage of the Council of Trent (part 4, c, o, 9, 3) :— APULEJUS. .COUNCIL or TRENT. There are certain mediating divinities be- through the saints, and * "We call on God tween the heavens and we ask of them to take the earth. It is through us under their patronage, them that all the good and to use the favour and all the prayers we they enjoy with God in do are carried to Jupiter order to obtain for us through those demons mercy and grace in time or ^semigods. They go of need." there and back from earth to heaven—from . earth to bring to heaven our prayers, our worship, our needs; and back from heaven to earth to bring down help and relief." The Roman Senate had the power to enrol in the number of gods monsters of humanity, who had covered the earth with blood and crimes—the apotheosis of Greece and Rome is the canonization of Papal Rome. St. Dominic, St. John of Capitrano, who have made as many martyrs as Nero and Domitian have slaughtered harmless Christians, are ranged in the roll as first class of saints. Rome had gods, semigods, heroes. Popery had saints of first order, saints of Becond order, and saints of third order, besides a quantity, whose merits being dubious, are called venerables. Bellarminus (de Sanctif. beat. 1, c. 7) has written the ritual which is the rule adopted by Papal Rome in the canonization of saints :— ' 1st Rule.—The name of the saint snail be enrolled in the catalogue of the saints, in order that all the Church should know it, and honour the blessed individual as saint. 2nd.—They should address prayers to them in public services. 3rd.—Temples and altars should be erected to them. 4th.—Masses should be offered in their honour, and sacrifices of praise and prayers. 5th.—The anniversary of their canonization shall be celebrated every year. 6th.—Images shall be made of them with aureola (halos around their heads). 7th.—Their relics shall be placed on the centre of the altar, and shall be publicly honoured. Their bones, hairs, their ashes, their garments, shall receive the same honour as their own blessed spirit, &c.;, &c.; Each Pagan god was honoured as patron against certain calamities and diseases. Apollo was prayed to check pestilence. Hercules ditto against epilepsy. Juno and Lucinaa protected the parturients. The saints of Popery are acting in the same capacity as patrons, viz.:— St. John the Evangelist, against poison* St. Sebastian and St. Rock against contagious St. Petronilla against fever. St. Apollonia against toothache. St. Lucia against sore eye3 and blindness. St. Valentine against epilepsy. St. Marguerite against erossbirths, etc. St. Liberius against diseases of liver and kidneys. St. Romain against the possessed by demons. The scholars and men of letters have St. Gregory and St. Catherine. The theologians, St. Thomas of Aquinas. The physicians, S. Cosmas and Daaiieus. The painters and sculptors, St. Luke the Evangelist.—On this St. Austin observes that ho read in the Epistles of Paul that Luke was a physician, and not a painter. " Medicum lego, pictorem non lego." All trades have their saints, just as all the branches of industry and commence had their patron gods in Pagan Rome. And what parallelium between the tutelar gods and the Papal patrons of nations 1 Baal, the god of Baby- St. George, the patron Ion of England Isis and Osyris of Egypt St. Michael and St. Dionisius of France Apollo of the Bhodians St. James of Spain Jupiter, Mars, &c.;, of St. Peter and St. Paul, Rome ditto Diana of Ephesus Virgin Mary of Belgrade Minerva of Athens Ditto of Bologna, a university city Bacchus of Greece St. Patrick of Ireland Streets, roads, inns, taverns, hotels, are called after the nameB of gods or saints. In Turin there is one tavern sacred to the Trinity, another to the Holy Ghost, another to the Saviour. The mjmposions —drinking- places of the Greeks and Romans —were sacred to Bacchus and Ceres, just as the taverns of Italy, Spain, and Germany, &c.;, are sacred to their saints. But the so-called Mother of God is by all means honoured above all saints and the Deity itself. Her titles, her temples, her sanctuaries, her altars, her statues, her images, should require a score of volumes in folio to relate their quantity and to describe their quality. To an altar or image of Christ we have on the average 70 madonnas. And, indeed, they are needed, as so many prayers are addressed to her instead of Christ, that she needs to multiply her perwhatever section of idolatry, they all worship their tutelar gods, and chanted praises and songs to their honour. Much more the Christian should honour the great Queen of Heaven, the Sovereign • of Mankind, the Empress of Angels, the Autocrat of the Universe. God and Christ have committed to her the rule of the world, and we address to her our worship." And she repays her devotees juBt as the Pagan gods came to help their worshippers. Puny relates the origin of a temple sacred to Bacchus, in the Isle of Samos. A young man of rich family, while hunting in a forest of the island, was followed by a formidable lion. The youug man climbed a tree and prayed to Bacchus to be delivered from the mouth of the lion. As soon as the prayer was over the lion took a suppliant attitude, and by extending one of his paws he made Elpis understand that he meant no harm, but rather pleaded his help to deliver him from a thorn that went deep in his paw. ElpiB, reassured by the god of drunkards, who must have been sober that day, extracted the thorn, and the lion became his daily companion in his rambles through Samos. Grateful to Bacchus, he builded him a temple. Thus gratitude—dreamy, fanciful, sentimental gratitude, erected sanctuaries to Mary, and in one of them in Turin sacred to Mary of the Consolation, there is a picturere presenting a thief on the scaffold, but kept alive by her patronage. Further on, in the midst of hearts of silver, gold, and wax, there is a stiletto with this inscription -.—"Sacred to Mary for a successful blow inflicted to an assassin"—Sacro a Maria per tin colpe felice infiitto ad un masnadiere. In a convent of Tuscany, at Vallombrosa, there is a picture representing the Virgin Mary wiping the drops of sweat off St. Bernard of Clairvaux while he is writing. In another picture at the church of Assisi she is mending the clothes of St. Thomas of Canterbury. In another she is dressed like a nun, acting as a porteress to the convent, while the real nun ia flirting through the world, etc. Read the book entitled " The Glories of Mary, by St. Alplionso of Liguori," recommended by Cardinal "Wiseman, Doctor Manning, and other members of the Papal flock, and my readers will find something richer than all the Pagan legends and poetical fictions of polytheism. And now, let us see whether the Church of Rome can get any assistance to her rites from Judaism, or from the Aaronic priesthood, or Levitical service. I find that apostate Judah offered incense to the Queen of Heaven, and became idolater in departing from the law and precepts of the Word of God (see Jeremiah xliv. 17). I find idolatry in the book of the Judges, when Israel was in rebellion against the living God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and I find that idolatry was severely punished with death, parents not sparing their children, and 3,000 perished for worshipping the golden calf (Exod. xxxii. 28), and 2,400 at Baal-peor (Numb. xxv. 9). The displeasure of God against idolatry was so well known that at the simple order of Elijah 450 priests of Baal were put to death (1 Kings xviii). But to the law and to the testimony. What says God in His Word 1 "If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities which the Lord thy God had gi ven thee to dwell there, saying, certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, let us go and serve other gods which ye have not known, then shalt thou enquire, and make search, and ask diligently, and, behold, if it be the truth, and the thing certain that such abomination is wrought among you, thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of the city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein," etc. (Deut. xiii. 12—18). The prophets who abused their power and wrought idolatry were doomed to death as dreamers (see Deut. xiii. 1—5). When Israel was faithful to God His commandments were strictly kept, but when they went after other gods they acted as popery does, making the second commandment of no effect, in order to make "graven images, likeness of anything in heaven above, on earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth." Like apostate Israel, Popery bows to them, serves them, prays to them. Has the teaching of Christ made obsolete the 2nd commandment? Has the Holy Ghost in the Acts of the Apostles, in the Epistles of Paul, Peter, James, and John, given any instructions contrary to Exodus commandment 1 If not, the honor—not to speak of worship—attributed to Baints by their canonization, the prayers and sacrifices offered to them as intercessors, is of man's tradition, and not of God—but another phase of polytheism and idolatrous worship, the more dangerous as the names of God and Christ are mixed with other names, and denying God's authority as to the only name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved (Acts iv. 12). Add only one name more to it, and the only name is a sentence without sense, and contradicting the blessed passage. Add all the celestial Papal court that the Popes have introduced in heaven, a,nd then the passage will read as follows :—" There is salvation in many others, for there- are other names under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved." > Such is the teaching of the Romish Church, altering in spirit and in praotioe the written word of God. 