PHOSPHORESCENT AND OTHER FUNGI. During the late long period of showery weather great numbers and varieties of the Fungus tribe of plants have made their appearance in the neighborhood of Beenleigh, in places appropriate for their growth, amongst which have been seen in various places that beautiful luminous variety, one of the species Agaricus, growing near decaying timber or stumps, and which, at a little distance, you would imagine you saw the remains of a fire, but upon nearer approach you discover that the bluest phosphorescent light is produced from a pale white fungus, growing on rather a long stalk or stepes sometimes singly and at other places in small clusters. Upon examining it, you dis- cover that the greatest illuminating power proceeds from the under part, called the gills or lamella, which radi- ates from the centre of the stem, and are of a pale bluish white. Some of these fungi grow to a large size, even weighing half a pound. I have fre- quently gathered two or three of them, placed them in a dark room, and by their light have been able to read ordinary print. There are various species of these phosphorescent fungi in Queensland, and in Europe there is Agaucas Oleareus, and Agaucas Gard- neri. Various other species of Agaricii are used as food, such as A. Compestris— the common mushroom. A. Georgii, Morchella Esculanta, and other species of Morel, Tuber Cebarium, Teuffle. Others are poisonous, such as A. Pro- cerus, Amanita Muscaria—the latter is used in the north-east parts of Asia, as a means of intoxication, in the same manner as wine, brandy, arrack, opium, and other stimulants, and narcotics by other nations. It is necessary to use the utmost care in employing Fungi, the nature of which is not perfectly well ascer- tained, in consequence of the resem- blance of poisonous and wholesome species, and the dreadful effects which have followed their incautious use. It is not easy to distinguish between edible and poisonous Fungi; it has been said that the latter are often highly colored, have scales or spots on the surface, though watery flesh, and grow in clusters on wet ground, and often in the shade. While the edible ones are seldom highly colored, gener- ally white, with pink gills, or brownish ; rarely shows scales or spots, have brittle flesh, and grow solitary in dry old pasture land, or in the neighbor- hood of sheep or stockyards. All the phosphorescent-species of Fungus are poisonous, and great care should be taken, when children are sent out in the morning to gather mushrooms, as I have seen—to examine their baskets before proceeding to cook their con- tents that they do not contain any strange fungi or any of those blue white ones. I have known some people take very ill after partaking of a nice dish of stewed mushrooms ; no doubt by having one or two of the poisonous ones amongst them by care- less or inexperienced collectors.— Logan Witness. 