FAIR PLAY. (To the Editor of the Bend'ujo Advertiser.) Sir,—As a number of persona were not present at Mr. Clark's meeting on Monday night they are anxious to know what kiud of a meeting we had. Would you, sir, permit me to gire a brief and truthful statement as to what took place ou that occasion. It could not be expected that your reporters could see what was going ou, as those gentlemen wereengaged takingnotes, but I had a lull oportunity of watching the movements of all parties concerned. As soon as the doors were opened the platform was rushed by a number of persons known as reform league men. Reform, did I say. Oh, savo the mark if you please. They arranged themselves as follows:—On the end of the platform at the right was to be seen the leader, whom, I am told, is a J.P., who looked all of the lion we read about seeking whom ho might devour. Close to him sat a young man who resembled the ghost in Hamlet, with one excoption; he had lost his head gear. On the left of the chairman was the pack waiting to do their bidding, and right well they did it. In the body of the hull were to be seen small numbers of men sta tioned in different parts of the building, and this completed the arrangement. When Mr. Clark stepped on to the platform he waB received with a burst of applause that was almost deafening. After the chairman's re marks, which have been given in your report, Mr. Clark commenced to give his explanation, and every word could bo heard throughout the hall, uutil he came to the 6th clause and the nominee question, and wheu the force of argu ment and the truthfulness of the absurdity be came so plain that evory eye and every car was opened, then it was that tiie signal was given. Then it was that the wolves in sheep's clothing gave forth their howl, and thus it was that one thousand nine hundred of our respectable electors were de prived of hearing what a great number eame a loug distance to hear. Now, sir, I came from that grand old country Cornwall, where fair play is meted out to every man, but I regret very much to find that so many are to be found in Sandhurst who would fain withhold from us that boon which every British Bubject has n right to expect. • I have been toiling with my fellow-laborors for a period of thirty years to bring this country to its present state of perfection, and it is to my working brethren that I now appeal. Are wo going to submit to havo our rights and privileges usurped by a class of usurpers ? Are we going to give up that for which our forefathers fought and bled ? Are wo to allow our glorious Education Act to become a thing of the past ? Are we to stand by quietly, and see it become totally annihilated by those who are fresh from tl,o political pulpit? It you say yes, then will I bow to your decision; but if you say no, then let me exhort you : to prepare to meet the coining stonn. Remember it is not "Miner, Quarry Hill," that is writing to you, neither is it "Old Windlass," "Hammer and Drill," and the like, but it i3 a man who has got to earn his bread by the sweat of his brow; there fore, if you do not wish for these calamities to fall upon us, you must stick to the man who has stuck to you, and mark your displeasure oi their conduct shown to Mr. Clark on Monday last by rewarding bim with the same position at the next election that ho received from your hands at the last. —Yours, respectfully. JAMES MIDDLING. Dowling-street, 26th December, 1S79. (7o the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.) Sir,—I trust that none of your readers will consider tho opinions expressed by the rosvdy mob -\vbich attended Mr. Clark's meeting, are the opinions of the miners of Sandhurst, as I do assure you they are not. I have been speaking to several of my brother miners on the subject, and every one that'I have spoken to feels dis gusted with the proceedings at that meeting, brought about by just a few men that call themselves Loyal Liberals. I must say they are very liberal with the rowdy element, and I think very liberal to themselves, at least they would be if they could only get us to turn against our best friend—that is Mr. Clark. I say, sir. we do not wish to chango him for one of the Reform League of the Sandhurst branch. No. W'e will stick to the man that has so many years stuck to us when our interest has been at stake. We do not intend to take any notice of the three low-bred cowards that liavo been and are at present writing against our much esteemed member ami the miners' friend throughout. Who are they ? I was told that one of them is the D053 of the sewing machines. I was told again by another party that all the three that have been writing in the Independent are Js.P. that have been appointed by Berry and Co. I hope this is not the case, or whatever will become of us. I was also told by another party that they are Father-siders, and pull all together in the Roman boat, and want to set the miners against Mr. Clark so that they will get their own men in and try and upset the Education Act. Brother miners, this is the tack these Loyal Liberals arc on. They care nothing about Berry and his Reform Bill, or th& Sandhurst Reform League. Ail they want is to get into Mr. Clark's boat, and they have made use of tiieir seats on the Reform League for their own purpose. I say, brother miners, look out; stick to Clark; do not be caught in a trap, a3 I do assure you the trap is laid for you, and I believe the writers in the ■Bendigo Independent that are writing Mr. Clark down, or at least wishing to do so, are at the same time selling half of the members of the Reform League by double-dealing. It is the Education Act tiiey want to be at. This is the coming round point. This is what they want to cxcite us miners for, but brother minera I say look out, look out, as there are breakers ahead. Do not let us have our Educatiou Act disturbed by a few of the tag-rag and bobtail that call themselves Loyal Liberals and mem bers of that noble Reform League that took such an elegant stand oa the platform at Mr. • Clark's meeting, and were no doubt there for the sole purpose of stopping that gentle man from speaking. Brother miners, nono of you would like your names mixed up with such a lot. It will be a long time before the scene will be forgotten. If this be Loyal Liberalism, I trust Gad will keep mo from joining such a mub. Trusting you will forgive me for this rather long note, I am, sir, yours, a lover of fair play, a sticker to our pre sent Education Act, and a despiser of rowdyism and political loafers. MINER. 