MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1879. On Saturday His Excellency released the members of Parliament from their laborious duties until the 30th January of next year, but of course this really means till the end of April or May. There does not appear at present to be nny reason why next seaaion should not commence a month earlier than the one which has just been brought to a close. The prorogation speech was brief, and for the most part was judiciously couched in very general terms. It expressed a con fident belief that tha measures passed daring the session will " result in a material ad vancement of the interests of the province," and a hope that the discussions which, have taken place on measures that have not become law will facilitate future legislation on tha matters to which they relate. The session is generally spoken of as a barren one; and it has been ssme what hastily said that the only Uills that letlcem it from the reproach of absolute sterility are Mr. Ward's Selectors Mortgage Act and Mr. Bean's statute to legalise the totalisator. More generous observers of Parliamentary doings, in their estimate of the benefits conferred upon the community during the last five months, have not over looked Mr. Fraser's motion for opening the institutes on the Sunday, whila a thrifty and rigid Sabbatarian purist asserts that almost all that the Parliament has done since May last has been to promote debt and to legalise Sabbath-breaking and {rambling. Even these matters appear iuere trifles to some persona who assart that the only object worth mentioning that has been accomplished by the Ministry is the retention of their seats upon the Treasury benches. Doubtless in tha eyes of some of oar eminent statesmen the fact of the .Ministry getting safely into recess appears the gravest of all offences, but whether impartial observers take the same view is another question. It is hardy desirable to sacrifice to epigram the particularity which elates to fact, and however disappointing he session may have been, it is worth con ■ idering whether it has been so uselessly employed as it is the fashion to assert. At any rate the Appropriation Bill has as usual been passed, and thus provision has been made for carrying on tha business of the country till the middle of 1589. One new railway of great importance to the residents of that part of the colony through which it will run has been sanctioned, and while it will develop South Australian trsfficit will also attract trade from across the Victorian border,and may by it3 results in that direction hasten the time when it will La determined that no further delay shall take place in connecting this colony by the iron road with the neighboring provinces. The Parliament has also provided for jetties, harbor improvements, main roads, and other works calculated to promote the material advancement of the colony. The different waterworka-that Lave been resolved upon most be of benefit to the localities where they are to be con structed. The Rabbit act has been a great success. The Electoral Act, though dia fijrured by some gross absurdities, is an im provement upon the old law that it super sedes. Thennalchoiceofasitefortaesewage farm in connection with the drainage of the city is not a matter of insignificant conse quence. The reason why the session has been described as sterile is doubtless because of the failure to carry the most im portant measures that were promised. The Governor's opening speech an noanced that Bills were to be introduced to alter the incidence of taxation, and make wealth contribute more thun at present to the revenue; to amend the Insolvency Act; to establish a cheap, speedy, and simplo 6} stem of administering justice in portions of the colony not connected with the metropolis; to rearrange the boundaries of tbe electoral districts; to maka the Chinese in the Northern Territory contribute to the revenue; and to amend and consolidate the liquorlaws. Of these promised measures some were slaughtered in the Assembly; some were smothered or shelved in the Council; and others were not introduced in either- House. The question of course arises who is to blame for so many failures? No one expected that the Constitution Amendment BiO, whatever its character, would pasa through the Upper House, and it would be absurd to blame the Ministry for not suc ceeding in this attempt to make our Con stitution more workable. Granted that the measure they introduced with this object had great faults, it could have bean amended by the Councillors had they not been opposed to any change that would in the least degree affect their irresponsi bility and diminish their power to obstruct. The District Courts Bill, the most U3ef ul measure of reform that has been introduced in our Parliament sdnca the possinsr of the Real Property Act, was sent to the Council | very late, and a number of the members of that branch of the Legislature having urged the Chief Secretary on that account to withdraw the Bill, ha ad mitted the) justice of their representa tions and let it drop, thereby aequitting the Upper House of all blame for not passing it. The Taxation Bill was not introduced in the Assembly till the last day of September, within less than a month of the prorogation. The Treasurer maintainad thathecouldnot properly be expected tobring in such a measure until he saw whether or not the Estimates would be reduced ; but this contention is unsound, because he announced it as the intention of the Go vernment to stick to the Estimates, and ivenif they were reduced the new Uxes would enable him to cany out his avowed i olicy of reducing the Customs duties he reasons- for jte introduction of a Bill : t tax property are altogether independent of the- financial necessities of the Govern ment, therefore there waa no valid reason why such a Bill should not have been brought forward at the beginning of the session. The District Courts BUlwa3in troduced early, and for the delay in passing this through the Lower Houae and foi the non-introduction of one or two promised Bills the Government cannot fairly be held altogether accountable. The ablest Ministers cannot help time being wasted by garrulou3 members, or by. the unceasing- efforts of* factions and disappointed men to retard busine33. Much time was occupied by Mr. Coglin with hfe long strings of questions, asked apparently with no other object than to impress Bis constituents with the idea that he was ceaselessly watching over their interests. The senior member for Flinders, however, had no worse motive than this, for he has a soul above place-hunting and mere political intrigue ; but Mr. Ross, on the other hand, when on the shady side of the lloii3e does his utmost to prevent the Government from carrying on the work of legiaktion. If Mr. Ross considered the Ministry unfit to retain office he was perfectly justified in endeavoring ty unseat them. II he thoroughly disapproved of their policy or their administration of the finances he was right in giving frank and emphatic utterance to these opinions, but having failed in turning the Ministry out, and in inducing the majority of the Assembly to agree with him in his view3 npon the con duct of the Government, he was trifling with the time of the House and the interests of the country by everlustingly repeating the same charges in almost the same phraseology, regardless of whether he liarnngued empty benches or not. Mr. Glyde in some respects was even- more blamable in the coarse he pursued, fo f he sacrificed hour after hoar and day after (lay in talking- about himself. Having brought egregious charges against the Government concerning the Rivoli Bay Railway, he induced the majority of ba fellow membeia to grant a Select Com mittee to enquire into the truth of, accusa tions in support ,of which he did not offer evidence sufficient to justify Mr. Baddome in committing a defendant for the most trifling misdeameanor, and his tom foolery . having coat the country over £700, more afternoons were wasted in talking over it. All this was simply in spired by Mr. Clyde's vanity, which might have been wounded had his absurd state ments been pooh-poohed aa they should have been. The repeated debates on the meerschaum-pipe financier wera due to much the same feeling, and occupied after noons that might have been profitably employed. The members of the House generally are to blame for not resolutely stamping out tha abuse of the forms of the House aad the privileges of debate. There are persons who prefer a barren session; they express their belief that the less the Parliament does the less harm will be done, and urge that ice are suffering from over- legislauon. Now these proposi tions taken together involve their own con tradiction, for if we are suffering from over legialatian we need fresh Acts to undo the mischief of the pest. Whether it is well for Parliament to do little must depend upon the present state of the lav and the condition and wants of the country. If there are crying abuses in tha mode of ad ministering justice, grave defects in the CoTmHtntioiy grow innqunli tinri andinjostice in the system of tasatioa, and a need for public works to develop the country, then it is a calamity that a session of Parliament ahould pass away without any measures dealing with, these matters having been passed. "We shall welcome the time when an uneventful eeeeton will be good for South Australia, bat that period has not arrived yet, and will not as long as unintelligent or Belfish obstruction has its own way in the Council and chattering factiousness flourishes ia the Assembly. The recent somewhat unexpected death of the Prince of Orange, heir-apparent to the throne of the Netherlands, has produced a considerable amount of excitement and speculation in Europe. During bis lifethns the bite Prince, like the other members of his family, received little notice beyond the confines of his father's dominions. He was better known at Paris than at the Hdgus «nd although his natural amiability saved 1 iin from being' tha object of dislike, ha wanner of life was such that he had ceased to command any respect except such as was formally due to bis rank. He was, in Let mare at home in salons of tbe demi-monde than in the palaces of his equals in position. Every effort had been made to induce him to marry and give up hi3 career as a royal Bohemias, but in vain. His late mother, a most amiable and accomplish? J woman repeatedly endeavored to bring about a marriage for her son. At one time as is well known, he was a suitor for the hand of Princess Beatrice of England, but either his character or his personal appearance was not approved, and tha Princess dismissed him. Still amongst the numerous princely houses of Europe from which the heir of the .Dutch throne might have [selected a bride, there can be very little doubt had he so minded he could have succeeded in finding some fair Princess willing to undertake the task of his reclamation to the proprieties. But unfortunately the Prince appears to have entertained a rooted objection to marriage, either aroused by the more than ana un happy union that had taken place among bis own family connections, or because he had become so attached to the irregular sort of life he had lived almost since his boyhood that he felt no Inclination to relinquish it for the joys and cares of domesticity. It is most unfortunate that such .should have been the case; for by his death without issue the question of the succession to the throne of the Netherlands is likely sooner or later to become a burn ing one in Europe, in which probably more than one of the Great Powers will be inteieated. The immediate successor of the late Prince in the position of heir-apparent ia his brother, Prince Alexander, now nearly thirty years of age. But although it is possible that this Prince may survive his father and ascend the throne, there) is very little hope that the royal line will be per petuated by him. The unfortunate Prince suffers from an incurable malady of the , spine, which renders life a burden and practically precludes the possibility of hia marriage. &* ar natter of fact ?y pre carious ia bis bodily health that the chances are very much against bis future succession. There is, however r a shadow of hope- that the King himself may have another heir, aa he remarried some months ago. But he is a man not only of advanced age but of im paired health. Failing Prince Alexander and any other issue of the King, the brother of the King having1 recently unfortunately died childless, the direct mala line will end. But there being no Salic law in Holland it is provided by the Netherlands Constitution that in the event of the failure of heirs male the crown passes to the nearest kinswoman of the sovereign and her descendants. The nearest kinswoman of the present King i3 his sister Sophia, who is married to the Grand Duke of Saxe Weimar, and has several children. But there are other claimants who, failing issue of the present King, might assert their ri^hU, and these are the children ef the reigning Princs of Wied, who would claim through the uncle of King William. The ex-Dake of Nassau also, who b a cousin of the reigning monarch and has issue, might in certain eventualities endeavor to enli3t the sympa thies of the Dutch people on his behalf. Another possible claimant 13 Prince Albrecht of Prussia, nephew of the Eca .peror of Germany, whose mother was an aunt of the present King of Holland. Of the various claimants those* who would most probably assert their rights should the succession become open would be Trince Albrecht and Prince Carl | August 1, the sen of the Duchess of Saxe Weimar. The latter would of course as the representative, of his mother, there being no Salic law in Holland, have a prior claim. Bnt it is believed that Prince Bismarck and other German statesman have long had a scheme for the incorporation, of Holland with the German Empire, or at any rate for so close a union between the two coun tries that the valuable harbors of the Netherlands would practically become German. Thus most probably the influence' of the authorities at Berlin would be brought to bear so as to secure 8 close union of the two conntries, and an attempt would be made to enforce the claim of Prince Albrecht, as being the nephew of the Emperor he would be more likely to carry out the German views. The Hollanders are, however, very far from sharing in the views of Prince Bis marck. Above all things they dread the interference of Germany in their national affairs, for they seem to foresee that if German influence once asserted itself at the Hague thair national independence would be speedily gone, and their country would become a mere appanage of the Teutonic Empire. This ami-German feel ing, which is of long standing and deeply rooted, was shown -with somewhat amusing vehemence when the late Prince Henry last year married a German Princess, all the Dutch newspapers agreeing- in con demning the step aa one "?V*nlflt*fl to be injurious to their national independence. In this feeling against Germany the Hol landers are «f course supported by the French, to whom a German naval estab lishment on the coast of Holland would be a perpetual menace. This being so, it is not difficult to foresee that neither of the German candidates would be likely to find favor in Holland. The States General would in aO probability, despite the some what remoteness of his claim, favor the ex-Duke of Nassau; for although a Ger man, he has steadily shown his aversion to the present regime in his native country. But if, unfortunately, the succession question should. ever assume the aspect of a dispute between the representatives of the male and female branches of the Netherlands Royal Family, it is much to be feared that it will not be settled with out an appeal to axnu which might con vulse Europe. The States General have, however, to some extent the means of avoiding any Bnch struggle in their own bands; for should the extinction of the direct line of the present King become im minent, it would be fully competent for them to make such a change in the Con stitution as would fix the successioa in one way or another. i The second session of the ninth Parlia ment was prorogued by His Excellency the Governor on Saturday, October 25. There were present eleven members of tha Legislative Council and twenty members of the Assembly. His Excellency was accompanied by the Private Secretary (Mr. T. Snow, MA) and Major God win- A detachment of the volunteer force, under Captain Fiveasb, formed a guard of honor. The military band was also in attendance. Pre vious to reading the prorogation speech His Ex c 1-eney assented to a number of Bills. Parlia ment was formally prorogued till January SO, 13S0. Mr. Alex. Tolmer, Inspector of Credit > elections, has recently returned to Adelaide from a visit to the Murray Flats, tha Hundred' of English and Nealea. as well as adjaeen hundreds and the Anlaby Bun, and he state* that where twelve months ago the rabbits were such a nuisance that farmers contemplated giving up their holdings not a single bonny is now to be seen. The grass also is growing luxuriantly, and the crops have a most promis ing appearance. It trill be observed from the European telegrams which we publish tfcis morning that sinister rumors with respeot to the designs . of the Russians in Asia have recently bees pubhahed by the London newspapers. The statement is to the effect that the Moa oovites are preparing for a ghanistan in order to Mist the tribes agajaat the English. Two expeditions, is is averted, are being formed for the purpose, one from tha forces in Orenburg and Turkestan, and theoiher fromtheannyof the Caucasus. Xherehave,ho« ever.lately been so many unfoundedrumors with respect to the intentions of the .Russians in Asia that much reliance cannot be placed on such statements. In the present instance a possible explanation of the reports cosy perhaps be fonnd in the organization of reinforcements to proceed to the aid of General Tergukaaoff, who it will be remembered wa? stated to bo retiring on the Caspian after his late defeaS at the hands of the Tekke Turcomans. A telegraph office was opened at Appila oaKriday, October 24. : The rainfall between 0 a.nu on Friday | and the same hoar on Saturday is registered as ! follows: —Powell's Creek. 0*130; Mannum, ! 0-020; Willunga, O0JO; Port Elliott, 0-070- Fenola,o46o. "On August 22, 1878, a person named Margaret Moore accidentally broke her leg while crossing the railway works nearKadina, and steps are now being taken," says the Wallaroo paper, " foi the purpose of obtaining her some compensation for the injury. In all probability the case will ba brought before the Government at as early a date as possible. The Burra Record hears " that it is pro posed to have an assay made ?f tha sample copp r ore through which the tube well whioh is being sunk at Kooringa passed fora distance of about six feet. The ore looks very riob, and it appears, that a large and well defined loda must have been cut whioh probably runs from tha Bum mine light under the town of Soaring*," The remains of the late Mr. John Ger mein, pilot, were interred in the Port Adelaide and Suburban Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, October 26: The deceased, who was a colonist of forty-two years, many of which were spent in the Gulf pilot service, was much respected both by shipmasters and others connected with mercantile pursuits at the Port. The funeral procession was a large one. Alfred Oorly gMii^nl dealer, of on Sao* day morning, October 2% whereby four acres of hay which ware in coekwer?a«itamd. Asfi* 9 aJn. train bad just passed by when the nejne? were disowned H u supposed that ? gparfc from the engine mast have ignited the hay. An inquest will, however, be- held at the Hope* Inn, Hinrinwsh, to-day. _ .'. The Snowtowu correspondent of tha> Wallaroo Tint* states " (hot the crops on the eastern aide of tb* Baronga Bangs are rnMmt light, while those en th? western aide are macbr better. FzqaL the. Baron** :Gan~ to Sharp'* Well most of the crops are looking ia good con dition and promise a good yieljL bjit_ those im the scrub near Sharp's Well are' foxing magnx?eent." ' "*"" The following changes in connection with the Bank of Sonth Australia, are, according to* the Wallaroo Times, about to take place:—afcr\ W. S. Cranston, accountant at Kadina, sneeeeib-* Mr,Gardnerat Yorketown as acting agent, and the latUr gentleman wiU proceed to- Hsitland in place of Mr. F. A. Braddoek, who goes to- Fort Adelaide aa accountant. Mr. W. B_ BandaO, JUoonta, will take Mr. Cranston's placo at Kadina-. On Thursday, October 23, an accident happened to a little boy about tea-yean of ago, the son of Mr. P. Cook, of Wilftmg? } which re sulted in a compound fracture of tbe-rightlet; below the knee. The boy, who was engaged ia minding cows on the reserve, got Bpandaatoa*' the top wire of a fence, patting his loot utside>' one 61 tie lower wires so th-it' it rested -gainst' the instep.'- -ByJJus be thought fe~ balance him self, bathe slipped backwards, the wire break ing the leg. L>r. Arnold attended the boy, who> is now doing-well. - - The City Coroner received a report on 4 Saturday, October 25, that Harriet Fidge, wife of Mr. John Fidge, North Adelaide, had died : suddenly on that day. He immediately went to* the house and made enauiries. from- wbieh it transpired that the deceased was a woman of -75 jears of age. and had been blind for. several ~ years. Mr. Ward also communicated with B?. Mclntrre, who had called to. see'tfc* deceased, bnt although hrf went immediately the troms? was dead oir his arrival !3?d«anrhan?g-«x pressed the opinion that the cans#oT death'waV disease of the heart, and considering- the other circumstances of the case, the Oarqaer deemed an inquest unnecessary. "* . ' ' . ■ Captain C. Poynter, of the steamer, Lubra, reported at the Port Adelaide police- station on Sunday, October 26, that a passenger named J. Smithson died on board his vessel about 7 o'clock on the morning of that day, while on the voyage from Port Augusta. It appears that Mr. Smithson, who had been in a very delicate state of health for a considerable time, was clerk in the Bank of South Australia at Mount Pleasant, and had been on a short visit to Port Augusta for the benefit of his health. Dr. Gething, of Port Adelaide, gave a certificate as to the cause of death, and the City Coroner, on being communicated with, gave an order for the burial of deceased. A meeting* of ■ tbe' AppQ& A v rfii nlta?aa^ Society was held at Wagoner's Ha4e£.7arrottiew on October 33^ Mr. X. HeaaHpV ana pirsafcafc of the society, who waa in the chair* stated that, the meeting.had.beenea?ed to take iatt not*-— ■ideratian^a commnniejaf?iurqiTOeAJ^n ths> Booyoolie Agricoltnial Society respecting aa. amalgamation of the agricultuial societies ia the areas. On the motion of Mr. J. Brinkwottfc. the following gentlemen were, appointed to re present the society at the meeting era the sab iect to be held at Gladstone on Hfolari?ove? i ber:—Messrs. J.Heaslip (president), & "W.HL*" Hirsch (vice- president),. Paul Martin, (trea surer), and T.H. Francis. •■•-..- ' AnacridentoceurredonThTiisd^eveiring, October23,atthe?urraMines,toMr. Jno. Don's, sod, through bis playing with a dynamice-csp. I? appears that the lad picked the up up oa tfcav previous Sunday while out for a walk and pot it in his trousers pocket. 0n Thursday evanaaff t aa be was going to bed he remembered that be had the. cap, and took lft:«ng <£ baa pocket and commenced picking it with a pin*. when it exploded and blew-the sopof the than* - of his left hand off. at- thti fin* Joint, an* so lacerated the first and seeond fiaascathat they-' with the thumb had to- be amputated.' Bsa. Sangster and BrnmmH* aHinifliMliiiwi, eilii aissj - cessfnUyperfanned-tbe opesation. Tha>atd.i? now progressing favorably. - -- Benjamin JndMna, whp>h&? of late neaig. addressing open air meeting*- on- various evils which be alleges ezist,'said waontends should be remedied, was, on Satnrrtay imwrmg, Qctabeat 85, brought before the Part Adelaide PaGea * Court on a charge of nsiagi Ssnguafeoilcalaied. to provoke a breach of the-peace. 'The litngnasj* complainedl of was attend on Qdeea's' Whscf on the afternoon ot the- previous Saterdsy mbOp addressing s crowd on the'tta?oralisiog iaV fluence of the police on society. During tarn gpeecthoused very strong laagnsgs snfl —a> serioua charges aguast'several cassbenofth* detective.farce.. JB? also- oalied Ber£«aa£3al~ Hvan, the officer in charge of the local po?ee «tation,"tkegn?tes? acmmdAl iSnKrat.™ TaS defendant wae ordered to b?hajris?uoJ For olsi^* month. ■ r ■ . ■ WhiTe fha Catharina JVlardaft waa/ia^' Port ane'ef her seamea waa sent'£6 goal for some shortcomings, uxA jost at tba vessel #aav r going-down the river-fee was put oh boatd'"b^~* the police. On Tcaeaaig' the loads, he waa so> bent on bis purpose of eseapbtg that failing to get a boat he took one of the shiffe lifebuoy*, and attempted to reach tbeshoio. for some> time he waa not mpgjwf from. £he 'vessel, bofc , when it waa found that he? had gone the ahip*? boat waa lowered to proceed in chase of fahav She-hailed the qaaraatbav hnlk to askif th? ; man had reached there, aad having a negatnex ; reply was about to pnll to the jetty, when a nail . of distress from seaward noted the waereaboota of the deserter. When reached ha, was still clinging to the lifebuoy, bat nearly exha-jsted. From bis statement it appeared that he hadt been over an boor in the water. " The Government School at Port Pirie was," says the local paper of Oetaber it, *"is spected by Mr. Burgan on Monday, Tuesday^ and Wednesday last, and on the whole with satisfactory resulta. H2e total - p.urn it igi> gained was not quite so huge as thas o£ laafe year, but this is accounted for by the fass Jbat the standard of examination has been mniirter - ably laised.and that there iaaa inoreape in tiks nnmber of classes without a corresponding in crease ia the staff. There are now on tba rail 204 pupils. Of these 121 weve exammei; 2? were withdrawn; the abaeateeei 64, and, 53. childrenwer?promoted. WK majrks obtaia able for drill, and 58 foc-dkeip?ne and good order, SI and 52 marks wer? seesaw « 109 . against a possible 115, One boy obtains tbe> Government certificate for having pasae-i fcha> compulsory standard,3O that Mcauasoaahd boa. assistants maybe congratulated"on tha reaoita offtheir labors." - ■ T!w following retain indicates tha . manner in which the amount voted in the laoaat Bill is to be apportioned!— Conateuqtiaa at main roads, &IQ;,OQ(L. Waterworks— Fork AugnaUexteiM?Wi. £5,040; PortFiiie, £17^20; Port Adelaide, £14,O«); Port Adelaiaa subur ban, £8,780; totalwaterworks^^ltSaO. Tfarinar improvementa — Deepening aad, japroyg?annt ,-\ Fort Adelaide, £163,0QQj do. do. Port. «ricv £81,600;do.do.Port Angnata, flB,3B(h.total har bor nnnrovements, £199^00.. Jetties—BaJgowao, £1.080; Mount Dtrttan Bay, £1,080 i" Venus Bay, £3,760; Waterloo Bay (to omaplete), £1,080; total jettiet^POO. ftest)an.cf sbuool houses, £10,800; telegrua flrtwwina^ £79,000; Nerthem Territorv-, £o4J?ftl s?i?r«?i and military road, £37,800; rajUway, Nanacourte to Tatura, £210,600; South Australian railways, additional accommodation, £^Sl4> for near Qovenunent *ffl**M*i isw\nAiw^ xeaJt papperty offices and purchase of land, £od,dQO; qoaraa tine bmldmga, &o;^ :£34^oa; overflow of Kiver Start, to prevent, jW.OW. Xbfia^ £977J884. , : 5 i . . ~ A correspondent of tba Wdlmpa Timit, writing on the 22nd inst., saya" then if seldom much of importance to wzitoabont at this tfaaet of the year in a small place like Port Wake field, bnt the past week has been an fimH?tioat to this role. When evsrything seemed to be> going oa favorably with our a^tesis?. welt. boring an accident took plaee by the bursting of one of the pipes while driving it aorta, wlneb has rendered the whole of tha work «*"?? to *!?? tune useless, and they are going fck draw the* pipes, and I hear atari, in afresh atase. Tha bore is down one bundled and fifty feet, and.all. through diffiault beds of sandi a great deal wotae to work than rook it is said. The over seer thinks now that the pipaa ware too- tone for the kind of stuff, and ifcia reported heia gofaig to try shorter ones. This irr lljy? baa thrown rather a gloom over the townadip, ani; it certainly would be very dull were it not tnafc a considerable quantity, of wool is finding; ita way here, and onx looju maoaiolsts^if wa oaa . judge by the noise they make, and the appear ance of their yards, are striving to njegt toe da> maftdioftiwirottstonjers," Ok Sanday morning and evening, \- Qstabec 36L the B«*. Jf- Asstin, « depatatton falllVygijitJands. ooaduoted aervioes in the SSerltomirWand Pina- street Wwleyaa SSSsTto^onnection with, the Wesleyaa m ceatUataa took foe bis text the words ■' «S^2Kr*eeive powei■aftec that the?bly GbcsA^weame upon yon, and ye shall be witnenes . :■**? Me both im Jerunlem and in all Ju4e?,and fa fcj*M?ri?«^ unto tbauttersaost part* of tha Srth." {Act* i, % «* <dWwedttK Cbidrfs list «ordaw«ce.apnlMble to the OjbrirtUa Ohuroh «fe.a? time«,and the duty was ever incumoent jDOHi iti owiafaera to labor for the extension of Ckriaft VJwga«m The latter part of the du i^;iK^tad t aho-^m-h; to p«ticalar way* the Holy Ghost affected men ?«J ho« n&ioaf; Ufe. Collections at botl? ???« M?m?deon behalf of the Missionary Society. SJjS^taJaaTefieotivemDdeof expwsswg SJe^thSTderives additional force from the SStt otUtastratioa he employs, and his 3£ww S also easy aad unaffeotoa. A publ.o S wiU be held in the hall on Wednesday evening- Tbe Fall Court sat on Saturday morning. It being the last day of term the foUowin: gentlemen, who had obtained the neoessar/ SertifiesM from the law examiner*, were ad \- mitted as practitioner* of the Supreme Coor oa ti? ?ppliuation of the Attorney - General Jfb? Hoa. W. H. Bundey, Q.0.). Missr^ THlenenve Francis Smith, George Alex. ■ Tnti and Judah Mos* Solomon. A smKeaJKon for the admission of Mr. Henry tJpton,late ot Geelong, Vietaria. was refused, W &e;~had«tot rented the specified tin? -in-tbe oolony, and the court did not think -31 was ■, oa9e in which that condition wboaldbedwposedwith. Judgment was stayed in the ease of Taylor r. Gordon and Another on *he motiaa of Mr. J. W. Downer, Q.0., as notice appeal had been given. Mr. O. O. Kingatoa, whoT^presented the plamtiff. ofcreJ no , objection. In the case of Brewatar v. • Bttebeox and Smith, tried before the . Xoaal Court, Kapunda, in 1870, Mr. W. "V. Smith obtained a> role *n directing ■ iba plaintiff in the action to show cause why v -«fc? whole proceeding should not be sent up to sbe Sopreme Court, in ord« that they might be .qnashea.OQ the ground that the summons was -. saver served on the defendant Hitchoox. ' Tha first number of the Victorian Ri fewtf, a monthly. publication, which aims at ocoupying the aame position in these colonies as tbe XiMUeath Centura doe* in the aiaiber ouuntty. is anneoncad (says the Melboame At3*s) to make its appearauce on or about the ' first of the ensuing month. Most of the topics treated by the. contributors will be of immediate * itUereattWa believe, and will be found to em brace nearly all the lire question*, of the day. i Or. Hears wiU discuss the coastHatianal ditnV : •oltj, with especial referenea to the financUl , powers of tbja^two Obambexs; Mr. Franklyn, & editor, will take up. the tubjeot of tha *TBfr-«i? dotiea on Australian wools; Mr. ilsxtaySiaitbwiU deal with cbe?adget; Mr. CasU Blair will vindicate tha msinteoanea .«!tit*Education Act in its iategtity ; Mr. W. 'itajiVsiiii. Mr.Mano* Clarke wiU expound the poa^iWwestjtj for reli^an^ Mr. Honfall •will towb Bpm tbe •oaataag qoertioa; Mr. 3mm?, Smith wjU furnish an essay en the .■fiKJaJtoj. Mr. James Wingafam will have some ~sEa^iC.to sajy on tbe Chinaman as a citizen of the ' jrocfl; * naw writer will debate the passible aemnetaiibii of *be Anglo- AnstzmUan race; and ■to, Francillon, tin well-known novellist, wiU ■begm aTsenalstory, to be cjmpleted in three or flMtf df,^be ttssasin9. .Tbe fotttK|gb^meeting of tbe Rosa of Sharon Lodge, &U.0.0.F.;, was held at the ' Fountain T^if.fffr? Osmond, on Saturday even ing, October 39- * A large number of members aad visitors from the various city and suburban lodges wera present. Secretary H. Turner pre sented the handsome new banner, on behalf of the subscribers, to tbe trustees of the lodg tree of any cost. Id the course of hi remarks he referred to the generoaityof th members of ni? own aud other lodges, and als to gentlemen nneonntoted with the society, an I more especially the firm of Mease*. D. &, W. Murray, who had eo generously franked th banner from londoa to their warehouse in tha city. The. banner was mood admired by every ■aw present; Ahsarty vote of thanks was un*ni •Boisifcjpsjssd to Secretary Turner for biszaal —i hiriefatigahleiertioas m collecting the ns eeasaQfands to pay foe the banner, fte. A vote of tbsnks. waa accorded to the importers, and • letter of thanks was directed to be sent to to for their kiminw* and trouble. Avotejf tkaalts was also pasted to all those who bad so Mi<% snbseribed towards the banner fund. The asnsaVtossts of tbe district officers, past officers, «■* vinting officers and brothers were given wMrlodg«r honors, and suitably responded to by Masses. W- O. Oalder.G.M., W. H. Ind, D.G.VL, JofarO. Osimcn, OjL, and sereral other pait effisera of the order. P.6.M. 3. Chiles congrata- Isted the ledge upon having received such a splendid banner, and hoped before lpngfeJ see it h&nghtigtoasev; Ssrecal songs sod daetswera nicely re?^eted darias; tbe evening. •*Rt qnastkn of Vba desirability of bdMxnr- an: ~ intercolonial contesace for tae ualaoay «C JRahbysfiing a s—tom? naioa between tbe several Aaatniisn eolonies is agsia BtortearWrftes lbs Mfilboame LvUer. -The Jfcii?bAustTaKan. Minister snga«st tbaadviaa *iS*ye*hoHlttg a conference atSjda*r<? *" earfy date. The Chief. Secretaire onbebstf of Visi«ili,?ii uapiussul awillingntmtotakapsgt iftste psoeeediHgs. One of tbe^mbjatte to be fenoabAfwrwafd is the consideration o£ the best massv«f ow«aeetingtiMeapiuUb/raiL. Wuan tb*-nnitrf at present exisonz between Mel feowntV A4elai4e, and Sydney for the Han's" mbsssf. of the Biverina and Darling trade' is Borne in mind, considerable ilMbfc witt bs felt as to the prospects of success attending tbs |u.ap*iiiil eoaterenee. What war nntbatsw* in asst experieneetosipectthat tbe eooiereaee will bs> abis to institute an intercolonialcmto— onion? Batevenatsnm inf tbs length of such.a onion, whastben? U 4*3 Wiion gim nlaoa only to a war of railway tariff? between tbe southern sokNrifti, the benaSU likely to be conferred would beamalL Sydney jneccbssU want tbe inlaad oilway imes extewfod and the carriage, rate* reduced to sftawst nothing, for the sole parposs of kiU m& Victorian tnde north of the Murray, adowide is aim ambitious to mooepolisd tbe river trade. With such conflicring iutereiCs we hardly look for toe. pxoyjsed oaofeitiuca gat tiogbryoad theregioaof Calk." A meeting of the ratepayers of West Xor wcodWard was beldattbtt Vintage S-iadas Hotel, Morwo--d. on Satarday evening, October 25, to bear tfea views of candidates for the represeo tadsn/tf the. ward iu the Kensington and Nor wood "Town Council. The attendance was small, Ke.-C. & Boole oocapied tbaebwr. Mr. O. Brmll aiuirtawid thow prdtaai. He reite rated tKe views he iiiyn.wiuJ at a farmer raaet &g;,otVl. drew'sasjavorable coaparison* batwaea StefTCFent of the ward and tha ■anwajleaodfeon of tto manieipaffir. and tha suvris?tag fltafiorOE affairs tnst' obtainod when ** was in tkaeonnsil stcae y*ars ago. He was infaiorof ?oiw thilling raw, aaathoaght that m balfpena* «anit?ry rate would be qaita aatH eienc lor the retrajreoawta of tin town. Mr. S. XhreUaU, another candidate, aln atddzojse-J toe meeting shortly, bat did not add anything •o what hefcad as? at tha maotiagon .the pre vious evening. Ha was in favor of a one - shilling rate, ■ penny sanitary rate. and the 1 redaction of the mayor's salary to £50 nerannnm, Mr. JCahn Ryan ptopoaed |fr. 6. SimQ a* a fit aadjMopar person to represent tha West Norwood Ward in tha Norwood Torn Council. Xb* proposition wasseoonded by Mr. T. Anderson.' Mr. X.Newitt proposed as an amend ment that Mr. R.Threl£all was the more fit aud proper person to «sg?e?out,Uie ward. sir. W. S.Cory seconded tbe amendment. The ruitiou was carried by a amali majority. The aweting was of a very unruly character. "It is raiher odd to find," atatas tha AuHr«lafiam } 'ktitat it is the exteemely decorous Assembly off Soatb Aostralin which, has first Cotalisatef on poblio rsAfiO?jarssa. After all Buch a rtep, aaMll at it i. ia iteU, nqnW ■oore resolution to take it than mans; people ?«think. lw BiUbasesMonntaiedagood 4asl it BBinwiriesi of tbe kwd tba* was to bo folly Mti«n?ioiou the groond tbat it ' lega- Usssgambang/ we must say that we think titere jt ««<«tK<?«j vote in **"* objection -than * mere phrase. The change, as we take it. Isavor Everything as Ik was before, tbe nobhcif^Mr choose to bet by the aid «T this .eontriflSce- instead of with a book ■taker* oraobsJO and ot obtaining full value for their monvr. The law does not undertake lo pal down Betting on a racecourse, and is liaidlj likely to Jnaketheattempt. Why, then, ■hoala it interfere to prevent people from bat ting in any way they may thiak proper? Tho (oint taken that if the If w does not prohibit, at any rate it should not antaorfaa, is very much like a-mere csvtU. The law against lotteries ■ever contemplated this contrivance, inasmuch «sit was notin exiateno*, and yes now the pro xubition isfonnd to apply. The instrument ha« no other effect than fsniliUHng betting by put ting it'oo a. fair foundation. Surely, 9 bettinji «ntaat aQ it is bettor that it should b? fair than unfair,and it is a Tery sensitive oonsoienoa that objects to a legislature removing a pro hibition that was never intended to apply, and which is removed on grounds of publio atilrtj.'* The Melbourne Age reports that a short time ago publio attention was direeted to the bad analHsr and manufacture ot the rails sent ont from England under the inspection of Messrs. Brcreton and Lewis for use on the Vic torian railways. Bails which had been laid down for only a few months on the South Tana and Oaklelgh line were shown to already exhibit signs of wear, and it became accessary to make a thoroggh inspection of the line and to replace any defective rails, in order to pro vide against the possibility of any serious acci dent arising from this cause. Now a similar complaint has been received by the Minister of Bailwaya in connection with the rails used on tbe Goulhurn Valley Kailway. This is a matter of very serious importance. In this case the line has not even been handed ovec to the Bailway Department. The rails are supplied by the Government to the oontraotors, who therefore are ia no way responsible for the bad quality of the materials. The permanent way has been completed to only a short distance beyond Murohison, and except tha carriage of contractors* plant, 4c, has not been subjected to any traffic whatever. That under such cir cnmatancesthe rails should begin to give way shows beyond doubt that shoddy material has been palmed off upon the colony, and that the so-called inspection is a veritable farce. The result, however, of this inspection b to relieve the firms supplying the rails of their responsi bility ; and delivery having been accepted by the agents of the colony in England the rails bad to be taken, good or bad, when they reached here. The New South Wales Government re fused recently to accept a quantity of defective rails, and the South Australian Government has an action pending on the same point. Among the interesting and valuable xbibits in the New South Wales Court at Sydney is one shown by Mr. Inglis. the secre tary of the Accident Association, Sydney. Be lieving that a number of Indian products are suitable for cultivation by Australian farmers, air. Inglis (the Melbourne Age states), at his own expense, got down various seeds from India, and has proved conclusively that, -with very little trouble, and with great seeming promise, the dyes, drugs, oils, and other products of the more temperate parts of India can here be suc cessfully grown. In a neat case) he shows spe cimens of rape seeds and oil—castor, linseed, poppy, and other oil-producing seeds, all grown here within eight miles of the city. In better favored localities, doubtless, much more favor able results might be achieved ; still it is not a slight thing to have experimentally proved that these things can here be grown. Cardamums, ginger, and various spioes are also shown. Similarly with dyes Mr. Inglis exhibits madder, turmeric, safflower, and indigo, all grown by himself, and in a series of most suggestive photographs he depicts the whole process of indigo planting and manufacture. The case is one which is of especial interest to farmers and selectors, and the further to increase the value of the exhibits Mr. Inglis has associated with him Mr. Waft, of George-street, Sydney, who has over forty valuable medicinal plants dis played tar tbe behoof of all visitors. These plants form in themselves a most valuable exhibit, and are proof of the wonderful adapta bility of our soil to supply the most varied want* of humanity. All the plants have been grows on Mr. Watt's own private estate at Ash field, and, indeed, can be seen in bloom there DOW. The following are the results of the late pupil teachers' examinations: — Fourth class pupil teachers passed class I. in order of merit- Fiances Fairweather, Grote-street Model 3:hool; Margaret Kip:e, Groie-street Model School; Bcita A. Bowen, Norwood Model Sobooi; Wil liam Hoeking, Grote-street Model School (the two last are equal). Passed class 11. in alpha betical order—Alice Ford, Gepp's Cross School; Frances Lewin, City Model; Anna F. Loatit, Gtote-itreet Model School; Harriet A. Mil lard, Ltfevre*?Peninsula School; Thomas J. Price, Grote-stzeet Model School; John J. Stephens. Franklin - street BchooL Third class pupil teachers passed class L in order of merit—Annie Snell, Burn School; George J. Newman, Grote itreetModel School; Alfred William*. Moouta Mines; Bdith Jones, Rrrerton; Alfred C. WilsoD, North Adelaide Model School (equal); Marion B.Duee,Nortb Adelaide Model School; Mary J. Goldsworthy, MoonU Mine* (equal). Third class pupil teachers passed class 11. in alphabetical order — Oharlea Oharltoo, Port Adelaide; Fanny K. Cox, Liars,; Agnes B. LesUhrart, Hindmanh; Klwanl W. Sad ford, Uraidla; Eliza J. Skinner, Thebartoa; S&rah; A. Tapper. Second year pupil teachers pasted first claw in order of merit—Annie C. Bennett, Norwood Model School; James S. Gold, Port Angnata (equal); Jane Anderson, Grote-street Model School. Passed second class, in alphabetical order—Lucy J. Clark, Clare; Thomas S. Davie, Kapundm School; William Donnell.Hindmarsh School; Sttsan Donmthorae, Stratbalbyn (Mr. Bonnar*s); Amy Bison, Port Lincoln; William Halls, Moouta Mines School; Thomas Hancock, North Adelaide Model; Mary A. Holt. Moonts; En langsford, Norwood Model; Ellen J. KichoUs, Port Adelaide Model; Johanna Ohlmeyer Tanunda; BHxsbeth Wbeoan, Mocota Woes; J. T. F. Johnttoo, Houghton. First year pupil teachers passed first class in order of merit —William lone*, Salisbury; John Jones, Kadina; Annie B. Pal tridge, City Model (equal); Andrew Forgnsea, Wallaroo Mines; Sylvia Dalwood, City Model; Thomas J. Moore, City Model; Louisa Symons, Bom; Locy W. langsford, City Model; Martha. Charlesworth. Hmdmanh. Fint year papit-teaehers paswd second class ia alphabetical order— Thorn** Bails, Port Adelaide; Mary J. Beareroft, Port Lincoln; Ernest M. Brofcate, Grote-street MoJel; Mar gen* H. Davidson. Norwood Modal; Isabel Graham, Strathalbyn; Emma M. Hill, City Model: Anna K. John, Lefevre's Peninsula; Kluabeth A. Kaaten, North Adelaide Jloiei; Duncan MeArthor, Mount Gambier; Henry P. Mueller,Tanunda; Alice G. Pippin, WillUms toirn; George Pennyfield, Guzneracha; William B. Prorating. Barra; Mary W. Rodda, MoonU ; ' Bertie 3. Bomb, Moouta; John Tucker, MoonU Miaes; Bmily Wetboarn, Mitcham. Candidates for appoietmtnt as pupil teachers J passed first class in order of merit—Edith G. Keen, Moonta; Aii&ie; M. Anson, Wallaroo Bay School; Jane* T. Furner, Norwood Mode!; Nellie W. Oelminn, Grote-street Model end Public School; Annie C. Hunter, PeooU; P?uiice Schacho.Grecnoek; Lacy?.Powell,Norwood Model; FliUa Joaas, Grote-etreet, Klixa Smith, Hiudzaarsa (ejual); Kt^inald U. K-HV, Clare: Jane McLean, Lt-fevre's Pen'csula; Ida Will:amst'!i. North Adelaide Model; tbe last three are equal. Passed second class in alphabetical onler— A-taS. Bennetts, Norwood Modal; Isabella firoois, Mount Barker; Berth*O. Bors,Compton Dv.vos ; Bcusa Coatw. Mooatm. Mmms ; Alice Krker*. G rote-strati Mcdel; Amelia Field, MouatOam bier; Alfred D. G'astonbury. Clweutioa ; Taeo dwe J. HipwaJl, Norwood Model; Annie A. Boraoo. Grote-street Model; Bdith Josea, Le ferrete Peniosnla; Frederick N. Leak. O!ad stoce; Jane Ijndaay, Lefavrefr Peninsula; A!*thea A. Manner, Norwood Model; J-iHa A. JJarfitt, Norwood Model; John C. Nadebaum, Tanunda; Flora F. Nason, Norwood Model: Robert J.Neale, Kapunda.; Alfred H. Nootna i ijtl. Grote-atreet Model; Edward J. Oites, , MuunU Mines; Albeit «. Purehei, Port Ade laide Model; Alfred H. Raymond, Port Ade laide Model; Catherine Kowe, North Adelaide Model; Walter 3. Sianatt, Norwood Model; Elicabeth Tiaks, Hilaog; Kdgw G. Watt*, Hot wocdUodel; Alice B. Wright, Teatree Gully; Isabel Wright, Kapunda. Tea and public meetings are to be held at tiie Norwood Wedeyan Church this evening. An entertainment in connection with tbe Boii Accord Lodge b to be given at the National Hi-teL x/irie-street, this evening'. An entertainmeHt is to be given at the North Adelaide Young Men's Society's Rum thid evening. A concert and ball is to be given at tha German Clubhouse this evening by th? Fid«litas. Tea and public meettrm in connection with the Flinden-streat Presbyterian Church are to be held this evening. The foundation-stone of the new Cm jregational Church, Glenelg, is to be laid this afternoon. Tea and public meetings win beheld sabaequently. The racehorses Alarm, Saichedon, and Moltke (late George Frederick) left for Mel bourne by the steamer Socth Australian oa Saturday. The annual sports in connection with the Bfenaington Football Crab were held on Satur day afternoon, October 35. There was * large attendanoa of visitors'. Tbe prims for the various event* were distributed at the close of the sport* by Mrs. B. T. Smith. McKay, the champion long - distance walker of'ScoUand, lately arrived in this colony from Europe, and intend*, we understand, shortly to give an exhibition of his skill in Ade laide. His business arrangements have bean placed in the hands of Mr. WhittiagUm, the, well-known resident dramatic agent. Tbe Port Adelaide Amateur Chriatyi will give an entertainment in the local Town Hall this evening under the patronage of His Worship tho Mayor (Mr. T. Haok. J.P.) and the local Municipal Council, also of the officers and members of die S-A. Yaeht Club and Port Ade laide Bowing aad Football Clubs. A long and attractive programme has been provided. At a meeting of tho committee of the 3AJ. Club, held on Saturday, October 25, Mr. H. Hughes was appointed handicapper for the first year. It was also resolved that the T*o jear-old Handicap on May 8, 1830, should be run prior to tbe S_3u J.O. Handicap, that mem bers subscribing £3 3s. to the club should have the right ot introducing one lady, and that the Bailway Stakes should be for two-year-olds and upwards, instead of three-year-olds and up wards. On Saturday afternoon, October 25, aiiSa match took place at Ulauville, between thirty members of the S.A. National &ifle; Association and thirty members of the Local Military Force. The match was arranged a fortnight ago, and the result was looked ou with a large amount of inteiest by the rifle-shootiug publio. The match tnded in a decided victory for the association, as its representatives seared no less than 2,253 points against their opponents' 1,314. Tha highest individual scorer for the victors mu Captain Ferguson, who made 96 out of a possible 112\. The distance* were 200,400,500, and &Jl;) yards, seven shets at each range. The weather was favorable, and the whole of the proceedings passed off well. Mr. Law Laraen, who announces him self as a professor aud teacher of magic, gave an entertainment at White's Assembly Koom on Saturday evening to two dozen persons, a third of the audience being juveniles. Mr. Lanen may be a well-meaning man, but his forte is not magic; aud as all his triuks are "as old as the hills," we would recommend him to adopt a more suitable and lucrative line of business. He may have entertained the few who attended his performance on Saturday evening, but it was rather by the simplicity than tbe excellence or novelty of bis tricks. With respect to the magic-lantern eutertiin cceut which followed tbe'" miraculous infusions," 1 we have seen many better exhibitions in country i schoolrooms. j On Saturday evemnpr, October 2-!>, a meeting of the Adelaide Amateur Rowiug Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel. There was a good attendance. Three new membara I were elected. Tbe object of the meeting was to pick crews far scratch fours to row for medals presented by the officers of the club. The race will take place at 3 p.m. on Saturday, November 1; oourse,fromSiiowdon*s?eachtotheboatshed. Four crews having entered the race will be rowed hi heats, the deciding heat to be rowed off by the winners of the two first heats. The following are the names of the crews -.—Uo. 1, W. B. Oooke, O. Dooglai, W. Whitelaw, R. W. Wijgg; So. 9, J. 6. Shaw.T. James, J. S. Shier), T. Johnson; No. 3, T. linklater, — David3*n, F. Johnson, F. M. Wnitoey; No. 4, P. T. Carter, L. G. Braithwaite, B. Giffen, V. C. Driffieid. Tbe concert given at Mes3ra. Marshall and Sons* Musieroom, on Saturday aftarnoan, October 25, by the Adelaide Amateur Orchestral Society, was a genuine treat to all lorors of classical musio. The society, which to a great extent owes its origin aud certainly the effi ciency of its members to the director (Mr. John Hall), was assisted on the occasion by several member* of the orchestra now engaged at the Theatre BqyaL They were thus enabled to give tbe choice morceaux on the programme with better effect than probably would have betn possible had tley been lull to their owu unaided efiorts. The coucert opened with the quaint, lively overture to Bouldieas now forgotten opera, "-The Caliph of Bagdad,'' wh-.cfl was rendered with admirable precision by the fall orchestra. Uttthovens Quartette Ho. 1, which succeeded, ws.? given in a style that elicited ?hi moat lu&rked; approval, the scherzo and trio being particularly admired. To this succeeded what «m undoubtedly as regards execution tbe gem of the programme, namely, Schubert's Souata No. 'J, tor violin ainl piano, which wa? played in u ?Merlj stjle by Mr. John Hall and Mr. Pybus. Ti.e well-known " Siirprine" symphony ol Hruljo, Bcethoreu's (Quartette No. 4, and tbe or. riure from'' Le Nonedi Kigaro, which formed the secuad part of the programma, were also cllectiTrly rendered. The members of the Ade la.ile Urcheatral Society are to be congratulated ou the market succeaa which attended their first cuDcert. The society if it prospers, which we bust it may, will till an undoubted want in Adelaide, where good performances of clinical chamber music have hitherto been almost an ki own. We were glad to observe tiiat oa 9atur daj tht audience, although not large, wa* repre- M-i.:atiTe and appreciaiive, aad ws hops that tbe members of tbe society will he sufficiently ercouraged by the recaption (her received to give another similar concert vtft shortly. <>n Saturday evening the American Min?tn Is were very succeuful in hiiting tbe txvte of the public. The Academv was well parronUed iu ever; pan, aud the yrogramoie, which vta* the beat that has yet beeu givcu by tbe company, passed oil witnou* a hitsb, the audience showing their appreciation by fre quent applause. The oVerturo to "La Peri cLalei* by the company cbmmenoed the per formancea,an«l waa f ullowedjby a, 1, ** KUy, * wlitcb was sung in a very mast«rrjf mumer by J. Mstfock. 3. Morton was impwsttiveiy en cored fcr niaclefer rendering oi the comic song "Tapioca." W. Gowan tbeu gave ~Silver moonlight," a ballad which was well appre ciated by tbe audience, and J. Mills was loudly encored for hk comic song " tty- an<l-bje." \- Send me a si**," by J. Matlock, g4ve place to a very amusing "finale" by toe company, which closed the oral pare of tho pro gramme. In the Muond part W. Goxan gave lit: ballad ** Come ' iuto the garden Maud." Lewis, Morton, aud Mills next created un bounded merriment with their amusing farce, ''Jones struck a Bonaiua," Matlock following wkh a ballad, "Always be a friend," after whieh iii:!s was loudly applauded fur ttu soog and tbi.ee, "Before the boils begin to ring." The "Larboard watch," by Matlucic aud Uo*an. waa leu dry eucoied, as w«re alto Morton aud MuoJy for their double toog and Jaocf, ~ Ihu te-A 1 cau't ktep stUl.' Le?i? gave a character song, ■• I 'at in tbe cold," aud W. Uowau aiotber b Ulad; r.t>l *• 11 n Jokt>suu"i courtabip,"' a akctali in vii.xh live of the company iuuk yxtt, a.id which ifc«s auuicr.ee app^ijej tj tho.jii^u j eujoy, ck cd toe tntertaiiimez.!. A driwiui'-rooaj rutt ai.J ot&cr; articles veio irta pr^ieutol. i'l is evening a s^-eoiai [.riie i% to i>a isivea fur i^'.- beet coDumlruia ou " The A:n ri;ju Uin !>tjil* t "anil to-morrow eveuiojj a silver c>ip Will be b 'iT«rn to the best amateur tLui^cr. We uujer- Htud tiiat iu addition to the usual drawiuj r<x eg auic«> a piano, it fcarinouiauj, wich a jowiug ru^^hiiie vill be given awaj doriuj; IUIs wcas. The tenth of the series of p >pula eot.cens given uuiiar the auspicees ui His Wurahip the Mayor aad the City Council ia she lovsu llsll took place on Saturday eveuiag, i October 23. We regret to say that there mx& an attendance utterly disproportionate in re apect of number* to the merits oi tbe enter ta^mtut, but although there were but com peratnejy few present, tiie coooeit waa thuroughly enjoyed by *U who attended. Tbe pc< gramme wad ot a m<uc varied aud acsrsctrre character, and the various numbers were rei-Uertd in such ? atjle as to secure fur the pci termers continued and well-deser red plaudit*. Ticca organ soloa were pUycd bj Mr. Pjbus in i a most effective manner, his rendering ot" a beautiful fantasia of airs from " Zkl&risana;,™ an anged b> himself, being particularly admired. Mr. Wilkins was very«uccti=t'ul vtim liu cornet soles, both of which were well selected to suo* the command which he bag over the resources of the instrument he plajed. UU performance of a piece of bis own ooinpoaicioo, the a&? brteze polka, 9 wus a most creditable piece of instrumentation. Mews. Newman, Narroway, Kaab, and CnrUteu saug together in several quartettes, in which their voicos hlpmtwl with most pleasuK effect, and they wen rewarded by well-merited applause on each occasion. The descriptive song, "The raft, 9 was given by Mr. Nash, with an organ obligate, in fine style, and the same gentleman contributed H The desert," a descriptive sceua with a bell accompaniment, which waa equally well appreciated. Two tenor solos were song by Mr. Karroway, both in a creditable manner. Mas lilian Kelly and Hiss Playford sang a duet* "*be shower of pearls, 1' and each lady sang two aoloa. Tbe f miner was beard to tha best advantage in tbe pretty aong, "The nightingale's trill," which she sang with much taste, and tbe gentleman who played the flute obK^to alao deserves praise for tbe artistic manaer in which he performed his part. Both 3liss PJajiord's solos, and particularly her sing ing of Lkzaiillo's aria in " Maritina," %> Abu, those chimee," with organ oUigato, were suc cessful efforts, and were loudly applauded. The performance, which was carried oat in a manner moat creditable to the Musical Director, Mr. George Ougbtou, terminated with a comic soDg by Mr. Schmiut, u The Heathen Chinee." 