ROCKHAMPTON. (from our own correspondent.) This week commenced with the opening of the June Sittings of the Central District Court, his Honour Judge Blake being presiding officer ; Mr. P. Real, Crown Prosecutor. The calendar was very small. The only case of any local in terest was that against Samuel L. Prince, late proprietor of the Belmore Arms, in East-street, for fraudulent insolvency and a wrong procedure as to his style of doing things in the “ ordinary” way of business, which appeared from the evi dence to have been decidedly an extraordinary mode. However, luck favoured the alleged de linquent, and after the jury being locked up from three o’clock on Tuesday afternoon until ninethe following morning, they were discharged by his Honour, as they could not agreed. The defendent was then bound over to appear at the next sittings, and the “Prince” of publicans walked forth a free man, pro fern. Verily, put not your faith in princes. I should say the jury men these cold nights must have appreciated the loan of some blankets, intended for the niggers, which his Honour, after remarking strongly on the fact that there was no accommo dation for confined jurymen, got them accom mdated with. There were several civil cases which occupied the remainder of the week, but of small interest to any butthe litigants them selves, and their counsel. At the Police Court an unruly and spirituous equestrian was run in, and fined. Half a dozen “ squatters’ friends were very properly mulcted in pretty tall amounts with the usual alternative, and two other Ka nakas committed for trial for assaulting a “Heathen Chinee.” Thursday and Friday showed two clean bills of health. The Kanaka nuisance is increasing to an alarming extent, and is getting unbearable about Rockhampton. Mobs of the sable ruffians parade the streets half drunk of an evening, especially on Satur day, making audible ribald jests, jostling and otherwise annoying respectable females. If in terfered wi th they show fight, and are ugly cus tomers to tackle, one of the rascals on being searched at the lock-up was found to have several stones in his shirt. The police are doubtful about using their truncheons, as some time ago a constable was had up for striking a Kanaka with bis baton. Our own natives although not so dangerous, are an intolerable nuisance, and if a number of police are to be taken away from us, it behoves us to look out for our own protection and carry defensive weajions, a not firearms. Three policemen are certain!v an inefficient force to look after the safet:u> night, of so large a town as ours, if that number is reduced, why larrikinism, rob bery and violence may run riot with impunity. The few constables we are allowed only patrol the principal streets on the outskirts of the town there, is no police protection. If only a few men can be. spared to maintain order and secure safety, they cannot bo ubiquitous, and a mounted patrol might at night visit the suburbs; but perhaps, as an lion. (?) gentleman stigma tised us as “rowdies,” it is considered that when rowdy meets rowdy then comes the tug of war. Hurrah for anarchy. On luesuay afternoon an accident occurred at the Lower Ferry across the Fitzroy Liver, which although it was not of a serious nature, was suflicicntly disagreeable to the unlucky recipi ent. A. man named John Adams, who resides at North Rockhampton, was returning home, and as the ferry-boat neared the steps he hastily descended, and missing his footing struck the stem of the boat with his head, inflicting a most ugly cut which partially stunned him. He fell into the mud by the side, however, James Miller, who was doing the “jolly young waterman'’ at the time, speedily extricated him from his unpleasant position, and on be coming compos mentis proceeded to his destina tion. Mr. Julian Thomas, better known to the public as the “Vagabond,” has communicated with Mr. H. W. Risien, the secretary of the Rockhampton Jockey (dub, to enquire whether permission will be granted him to work his “Totaliser” on the racecourse at the ensuing meeting. 1 hope the stewards will allow him, so as he don’t totally clean us out, I myself, and I daresay plenty more would like to interview this notorious individual, and I c.onehulenoone Inasmuch idea asto what kind of a machine the Totaliser may be, but if he is allowed to work it no doubt we shall be speedily enlightened ; much to our edification. The usual bi-montlv sittings of the Petty Debts Court was held on Wednesday. The business, however, was of no great importance. Our wrongs and our woes do not prevent us Rockhamptonites from enjoying ourselves, es pecially when anything good turns up, we have been able to pick and choose each evening during the week between “Carlton’s Ghost” and Clara Stephenson, indeed both entertain ments have been largely patronised. Hi ! ho ! who’s seen the ghost ? The illusions are per fect and wonderful; the performance is not confined to spectral shadows, but includes farces, songs, nigger and other attractions ; the bursts of applause, and shouts of laughter prove the entertainment to be one of no ordinary kind. A play by Mr. W. H. Robison, sub-editor of the Northern Argus, was produced at the Theatre Royal on Friday night by Miss Clara Stephenson’s company before a large and fashion able audience. The play itself reflects great credit on our townsman. The plot, dialogue, and stage effect are excellent and deserved the applause accorded. The play was well placed on the stage, and the scenery, by Mr. Kenneth Douglas, all that could be desired. At the close of every act Mr, Robison was called before the curtain and bowed his acknowledg ments. The committee of the Port Curtis Leichhardt District Hospital met in the office of the Clerk of Petty Sessions on Thursday afternoon, the sub-committee, who were appointed to consider the application with testimonials, decided to recommend the appointment of Dr. R. H. D. Paterson, M.D., as surgeon and secretary. On the motiou of the president, Captain Hunter (chairman), secondod by Mr. Livermore, Dr. Paterson was appointed as Resident-Surgeon. On Friday morning an immigrant ship was signalled at our Post Office as having arrived in Keppel Bay. It turned out to be the Scottish Lassie, 852 tons, Captain Le Contour, which sailed from London on the 2lst of February, and made a very fair passage of 105 days. The telegram reported all well. There are 300 souls, or 289 statute adults on board. What on earth is to become of them I don’t know, or where they are to get employment. The Corporation may probably put on a gang or two at starvation wages, or possibly our Government will pro vide for them and their families, however suffi cient for the day is the evil thereof. Of course the wardsman at the Depot as usual has “every thing” ready for their reception. Happy New Clnuns. There is one thing fortunate for them— they have arrived at a time of year when the mosquitoes will not mark them all with an ap parent small-pox, and their New Chum coats will not be found uncomfortably warm. The cool weather will give them a chance of sliding gradually into 100’ odd In the shade. Dr. Sal mon, health officer, and a clerk from the agent’s office, started for the ship by the steamtug Fitzroy late the same night to make the usual inspection and inquiries, and, on pratigue being granted, they will be brought up to-night, but had not arrived at sundown. Dr. M. J. Sulli van and Miss Macalister are respectively surgeon superintendent and matron. From the analysis of the passengers it appears the majority are English, nearly half as many Irish, and a few Scotch. I sec Mr. G. >S. Curtis is gazetted as (govern ment auctioneer, as there is no knight of the hammer in Rockhampton to eijual him in flow of language, bounce, and repartee, ‘while in the rostrum, the (Government could not get a better man. No wavering at elections after that. Our port has been miserably destitute of ship ping during the past week. .It is generally a feast or a famine in most Rungs here. The Belle, schooner, with flour, consigned to Mr. G. S, Curtis, has just arrived in the bay ; he has also received advices, that the barguc Annie Muir, is loading at Geelong, with a cargo of pro duce to this port. The Annie (R. M. Hunter and Co., agents) is also loading produce at Hobartown for this port ; so wc shall shortly be well stocked with edibles. I understand that a company, called the “Rockhampton Asphalt Pavement Company,” has been formed, which I am very glad of ; and hope soon to see all the footpaths in the town paved. The .weather during the week, with the ex ception of a day’s light rain on Tuesday, has been dry and seasonable. It is just cold enough at night to make one enjoy a blanket ; but during theday the temperature is genial. Rainfall at Rockhampton, 0*17 inch ; thex* mometer, sun maximum, 77° ; minimum, 4.0°; shade, maximum, G7’; minimum, 4d '. 