A TRIP TO INVERELL AND B ACE. Try Luke R. Hunt. The amateur performance alluded to in my last " agony" was for the benefit of the Amateur Dra matic Club. The night was extremely unpropiti- ous for anything of the kind, but despite this fact- t-he spacious hall was well filled with an apprecia tive audience. The first of the long progiamme announced the iapectreBndegroom ; butexceptmg Mr. J. Nicholls' acting, who sustained the charac ter of Nicodemus in a pleasing way, I may say the piece was.not done full justice to — in an amateur sense. Captain Vauntington was an utter failure ; while Georgiania Aldwinkle, apart from her cha racteristically imposing mouth, her truly angelic figure, to say nothing of her soft, sweet voice would have been decidedly more at home within : the preciuts of a printer's — well, I won't be hard ; but really, for the sake of the ''ghost," I hope Georgiania will when she next appears, stick closer to those refined little movements of the tender sex which are so in keeping with modesty when they ascend such a thing as a flight of steps. The second part was gone through much better than the first : but this was because of the asssistance ren dered by the before-mentioned musical barber, Mr. C. Wilson, He made a splendid Samuel Snozzle, in the piece, " To Paris and Back for £5," while Chas. Markham was equally well sustained by Mr. J. Nicholls. The former was also the only one worthy of notice in the last item of the evening, for, as an "Irish Tutor," he was quite aufa'vt cbe- eompli. The scenic artist for the Inverell theatricals is deserving of a word'of praise for some of the scenes he has painted. Notable among these is one of a thickly timbered wood. The drop-scene, how ever, detracts materially from his ability as: a painter. He lias dipped i'too,' freely into the red- ochre pot, while the other colours, gaudy though they are, have not bleuded- hax'raouiously. The whole thing, reminded me of the blood-stained ban ners of the Trojan heroes. The figures of the fore ground- arc " well enough ; but I can't suffer the . final " n" in ancient Rome and Greek's diety ; if the artist intended to write " apollonicon" underneath the god of day, and thus transmogrify him into a box of music; lie -.should have done so there aud then, arid not lead one to suppose the name has grown since it was last" used— a couple of years back. But then he is an amateur, and a darned good one, "Jio.wsomcver." Mrs; Carolan's manipu lation of the pianoforte keys was quite a treat to -my languishing soul. The only fault. I found in the musip from the key-board was that there wasn't enough of it. Were I stage manager I would supplement some of Mrs. Carolan and daughter's ability for much of the " heavy" business indulged in. After the close of the entertainment, I retraced . my steps bedwards, having first of all taken a" farewell glimpse at the doorkeeper's nose; He was ' diving down into liis breeches pockets; with a view to discover a stray ticket; the absence of which, ap peared :to be considerably upsetting his usually composed bearing. I shall never forget that pro boscis, especially as each year the' cherry season . comes, round. . Refreshed . by the balmy influences of a' good night's sleep, I awoke in time to-preprire ror.'bfeakfast, and after chatting for a time with host- Riley, I was courteously shown ovef iiie stud of that genuine little sportsmau. He has a form id-- '! able; array of horseflesh ; but the 1 beast. that took my. fancy, was a beautiful- upstanding bay named Kaffir, by Fox Hunter from Kathleen. Young : Chester has also furnished into.affne.horse-sin'ce 4 last saw him ; and if" properly-, brought out their owner" should" have something to say at pirr ficxt annual meeting. I sincerely hope he'may, for there. are ;none more worthy of a win than he, being: one of the few who race for sport. Taking leaVe of Mr. R. and family, I ordered Brumby to eoihe forth' which he did, looking all the better for the sump- ..tuous way in; which he fared while in Inverell. Oh imy road homewards, I fell in with an old friend who was en route for Middle Creek, at which place a rich deposit of silver is said to. exist. As it was but twelve miles from Iuverell, I accepted an in vitation to accompany him to- the charming spot. Our road lay through dense thickets; swollen creeks, and expansive swamps. Rain fell heavily and incessantly throughout, so it. may be imagined the journey was none too pleasant. I had heard from 'my companion that to approach within rifle range of the prospectors (M'lveney and Sons) would be injudicious — that is to say if the invaders had any consideration for their claims -to this mortal . coil. But you'll please to take note of the fact that I possess the cardinal virtue of bravery. This, . coupled- with the aspiring hope of suddenly becom ing a " silver king," urged me to speak hopefully to Brumby, who appeared to be aware of the dan gerous consequences surrounding the undertaking. However, the 16th century .spur, and a "sprig" which would have found favour in the eyes of many washer- women, had' wonderful" weight, so . we. proceeded at. a swift Chinese pace. My friend lagged behind, wondering .at . my. intrepidity. We nt last came to the spot, when I searched for my strategetieal bumps. Fixing my optics on the rubicund face of ! peterfamilis,'! confess my feel- ings were not the most pleasant just then,- but be fore he had time to question us, I put the orthodox native query— "See little bay 'orse 'boiit here ... branded S near sliol'der. greeuhide bell on ' he's' neck " No," was- the curt reply. After a deal of circumlocution on my part anent the promising looks of the ground, during which I raked up all thc5digger's phrases I could muster, the fellow be came less reserved, and offered, if we would dis- moun,.-to show us the result of his explorations.; This we accordingly did, and were much recom pensed for our trouble. Of course, we were grate ful, and unsparing, in our praises. So he took us into his confidence, and not only supplied us with some very rich specimens, but assisted us to peg out an equally rich patch. The stone is thickly impregnated with minerals— copper, tin, and a practical mineralogist says abundance of silver. The quartz is of a compact granular nature, rich in quantity, and, I'll venture to say, of therightkind. Giving my friend instructions how to act, and re ceiving from him directions ..about the road home, . I re-mounted, and once more self andDiiimby were wending our way through the silent solitudes of majestic forests and extensive plains, while the fallings rain snd the tramp of Brumby's iron-clad feet were the only responses to the oft'-breathed- sigh for home once more. Even Nature seemed to sleep. There was no sweet accents from tiny birds to fall upon my sinking, pining soul. No gladdening sun's rays to pierce the awful gloom of melancholy, the great weight of which was shat. tering my nerves like a 50-ton thunderbolt would a hay-stack. Still I proceeded, and though the terrible "thought flashed across me that either Brumby or self were unworthy of better scenes, yet we were thankful for our wet linen. In safety we reached Swanbrook, but not without a deal of "mud-diving." When Brumby had fairly settled down to his com and oats, I went to the creek, and was mortified to find it had grown considerably since I last crossed it. However, taking heart in a. deep draught of sparkling rosy, and the fact that Brumby's life was dear to him, I connected myself with my noble steed, and going abont fifty yards " above the crossing, in we went. This was a new feature in Brumby's life. He scarcely knew how to act in the situation, and went clean out of sight- I allowed him to rise of his own accord, which he soon did, and guiding him gently we regained terra firm a. A short halt enabled him to get his- wind, and then we got to Mr. Young's selection. Here I had a long chat with the practical farmer. He has a fine property, and knows how to work it, I can sec. He goes in for experimenting,, andjthe latest move of his was to plant a number of potato sprouts in what he terms a." lazy bed." Strange to say, they took root, a plant of which Mr. Young, dug up, and in my presence took therefrom about- six- or eight pounds qf ' marketable potatoes, He lias also raised np some fine elder-berry trees. As evening was approaching, and nineteen miles, in eluding two swollen creeks, had Tote "crossed, I pushed on, and came to Waterloo Creek abont nine o'clock. It was running very bigh, and.;ipak'ing a great noise. But Brumby, true to his natural goodness, struck out- with a bold stroke, -and within twenty minutes we came to Hennessy's Kuob. I was greatly comforted at Tom's bright fire, while a pot of salmon; tea, and'damper served to make a good meal. Having bid farewell to Tom and bis kind generous mature,. I -swam Beaufort at 10 p.m. passed _ Hermit's Lookout at 11 p.m., slipped past the pound yard at 11.30 p.m., and entered Glcq Innes at mid-night, just liaviiVg been 15 hours in the pigskin. .1 send you the silver specimen, so that you may have it on view at your office. 