THE THEATRES, &c.; THEATRE ROYAL. BENEFIT OF MRS. BATES. The special performances given at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of Mrs. F. M. Bates and her fatherless children on Satur- day afternoon were a great success in every sense of the term. The dramatic and musical professions united in the most praiseworthy manner for the occasion. The result was an excellent programme, and a house crowded in every part, notwithstanding that the weather was of a very uninviting kind. The entertainment began with a poetical address delivered by Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, which was well received. Then followed the comedy of "All that Glitters is not Gold," the characters being sustained by Messrs. Lyster and Gar- ner's new London Comedy Company. This piece was excellently well performed. The cast was as follows:—Sir Arthur Lassell, Mr. Arthur Garner; Jasper Plum, Mr. Edward Shepherd; Stephen Plum, Mr. Geo. Warde; Frederick Plum, Mr. Frank Cates; Toby Twinkle, Mr Frederick Marshall; Harris, Mr. Harry Lemmon; Lady Leatherbridge, Mrs. Marion Stammers; Lady Valeria Westendleigh, Miss Dora Santon; Martha Gibbs, Miss Blanche Stammers. Miss Stammers made a charming factory girl and Mr. Garner played his old part of Sir Arthur with his accustomed ease and finish. As Stephen Plum, Mr Warde fully confirmed the highly favourable impression he has made as the Doctor in "Friends." Mr. Mar- shall's Toby Twinkle was a performance of rare humour—a little extravagant perhaps, but infinitely diverting. After the comedy there was a recitation by Mrs. Mary Gladstane, and Mr. R. J. Roberts, who plays the Irish- man in "Friends" so well, sang two verses of "The fine old Irish gentleman" in so humorous a manner as to gain a very hearty encore. Mr. Roberts responded with a fal- setto imitation of a young lady singing a song at a party, displaying considerable talent in this species of mimicry. The next item in the programme was the second act of "H. M. S. Pinafore," by the company now performing at the Academy of Music. The scenic appointments were brought across from the Academy, and the re- presentation was highly sucessful. Madame Simonsen then sang " Scenes that are brightest," from "Maritana." She was in good voice, and was awarded an encore, for which, however, she only bowed her ac- knowledements. The entertainments con- cluded with the bal masque scene from "The Corsican Brothers," in which upwards of 100 well-known actors appeared in character. CONRAD AND LIZETTE. Messrs. Baker and Farron have been en- gaged to give a series of their performances at the Theatre Royal, and they made their first appearance at this house on Saturday night. The attendance was large, excepting in the dress circle. The piece performed was the familiar "Conrad and Lizette". The numerous comic songs introduced were received with much laughter and applause. PROFESSOR PEPPER AT ST. GEORGE'S HALL. St. George's Hall for years past has been associated in the popular mind with light kinds of amusement, the fun and frolicsome absurdities of the negro minstrels, comic opera, the marvels of the conjuror, and now and then with some diorama of war or travel. But on Saturday night it presented a trans- formed appearance, and the stage was occu- pied with apparatus of the sort that one used to meet with when those enjoyable, but rare, popular lectures were given several winters ago on chemistry or electricity at the Techno- logical Museum. The enthusiastic pleasure which the audience at St. George's Hall on Saturday took in Mr. Pepper's chatty lecture and the keenness with which his experiments were followed, showed that science, handled in an intelligible way, had great charms for ordinary people ; and if the surprise pro- voked by the unfolding of some rather elementary truths in physics suggested that most of us were deplorably ignorant of rather time worn discoveries, on the other hand it could be said that a sufficient amount of interest was taken in the phenomena of light to encourage a well-informed lecturer to set up a school of instruction in our midst. Mr Pepper, on this his first appearance as an amuser and entertainer of the Melbourne public, began with a few introductory facts on the subject of optics, and before many minutes had passed over he had got his hearers interested in facts and theories about vibratory motion, and the wonderful convul- sions supposed to be going on in the sun, the source of terrestrial light; where metals like gold, calcium, iron, nickel, &c.;, exist in the form of incandescent gas. Thence he passed on to instruct them about the neces- sity of a vehicle by which the waves of sun light could be conveyed from the centre of the solar system to the earth—which vehicle existed in the form of the imponderable gas named ether—a medium which could trans- port only the waves of light, but not the waves of sound; whereas our common air is a medium for the transmission of sound waves, but not of light as has been partly shown in experiments with the burning of the electric light in a vacuum. Mr. Pepper told his audience a good deal about the laws of motion in light, but to illustrate vibratory motion he had to enter temporarily into the domain of acoustics, and by means of the tuning-fork, a thin rod of wood, and a sound- ing board, show how the almost inaudible vibrations of the fork were transmitted along the rod and magnified by the sounding- board until they could be recognised as a loud hum. He was then led to speak of the vibrations of the air produced by a musical instrument and to say that if one could see these vibrations as well as hear them, one would be more struck with the beautiful movements into which the air was thrown than with the sweetness of the sounds which fell on the ear. Next he proceeded to treat of sympathetic and unsympathetic vibrations. If two pendulums of equal length were sus- pended from a rod and one made to swing, the other would also commence to swing in sympathy with it, but a third pendulum if shorter or longer than the other two, would remain perfectly still between them. From a law in physics of this sort, Mr. Pepper diverged in a pleasant sort of way into some of the phases of social life, and to compare people who could not get on agree- ably together, say in a railway carriage, to pendulums of different lengths—they were people whose nervous systems did not vibrate in sympathy. He then returned to physics and showed how the vibration of the pendu- lum or the reeds of a musical instrument could be rendered visible upon a screen—how concord produced circles or ellipses, and dis- cord manifested itself in shapeless tangles of straight lines and curves. Some of the strange eflects of heat upon colour were next exhibited. Geranium red rubbed on a sheet of paper was changed to yellow by the heat of a gas jet, and then restored to redness by simply drawing the fingers down the yellow line ; and Mr. Pepper ex- plained how the heat had converted the sur- face powder into crystals, and how with his fingers he had again brought the crystals back to powder. Water was made to flow from a tap in a long stream to the floor and illuminated with beautiful colours, to show one of the phases of reflection. The beam of the oxy-hydrogen light was also employed to demonstrate the share atmospheric dust had in the reflection of light, and next the Professor gave some idea as to how the ghost he invented years ago could be brought before the astonished gaze of his audience ; and the ghost itself, he added, would like some other marvels be shown in due course. A new form of the kaleidoscope, with the aid of which various picturesque and also ludicrous combinations were thrown upon the screen, took the audience by surprise. Then followed experiments to illustrate the per- sistence of vision, and to show that the images of objects lingered for a definite time on the retina of the eye. Mr. Pepper with an in- tense point of light described circles in the air, till he made the people before him see violet, yellow, and red rings, which remained visible for a time after the light had been with- drawn. After several amusing experiments to explain the theory of colours, an instru- ment called the astrometroscope was pro- duced to teach more facts about the persist- ence of vision. A variety of geometrical shapes was thrown on a screen which shapes were simply due to the vertical or horizontal movements given to a large group of bright points of light. With this operation the first and more instructive portion of the entertainment concluded. There came next a long and interesting series of dissolv- ing views thrown on the screen from an apparatus placed at the opposite end of the hall, many of which views had all the dis- tinctness of photographs. Views also were exhibited of Vesuvius in a state of quiet and in a state of eruption, St. Peter's by day and when illuminated, &c.; Finally, considerable fun was created by the movements of the dancing skeleton, which was a figure thrown upon the screen, from the same position as the dissolving views, only it went through a variety of capers. This was another illustration of the law of persistence of vision, for the effects of motion were produced by the rapid appearance of five distinct figures in regular order, each one in the place occupied by its predecessor. An excellent impression was made by Mr. Pepper, both by the skilful method in which he handled his apparatus and the pleasant, unaffected simple manner in which he dis- coursed to the audience upon the theories and facts of science. The illustrations were, to an ordinary audience novel and effective, and contained in themselves the promise of many future successes. THE TOWN HALL ORGAN. This entertainment was largely attended on Saturday night, and by an audience more than usually demonstrative in the expression of applause. Auber's lively overture to "Zanetta" was the first piece on the pro- gramme and the work received every justice at the hands of the organist. Dunster's gavotte in B flat has become so much a favourite with the public that it was again played on this occasion by special desire. The performance of it was received with such long continued applause that Mr David Lee was compelled to resume his seat at the organ where instead of repeaing the gavotte, he treated his hearers to such an exquisite ren- dering of "The Last Rose of Summer" as really charmed the hearts of those who are fond of ballad music (a numerous company, as it would seem from recent correspondence in The Argus). The great favour with which Mr. Lee's first selection from the new opera "Carmen" was received at a recent recital was sufficient reason for its being thus early reproduced. Our enumeration of the various scenes illus- trated is too recent to need repetition here. The performance was, if anything even better than before—the player being more familiar with the music, which is of most decidedly novel character. This performance was also received with great applause. Gounod's "Marche Romaine," which has not been played for some time, pleased greatly by means of its tunefulness, its well-marked rhythm, and rich harmonisation. The "Benedictus" from Mozart's Twelfth Mass, was in every respect a fine performance, the rendering of the solo for the bass voice being specially worthy of notice. The National Anthem concluded the entertainment. 