dqiteral Jiitelltg$itie. . The Queensland Parliament are asked to offer a. bonus of £500 for the discovery of a pre ventative of rust in wheat. .A lawyer has been defined as a man whose trade is to contest everything, concede nothing, and talk by the hour. A cobbler, named Shirley, residing at Geelong being tired of his life, placed the muzzle of a gun in his mouth and blew out ln'6. brains. He had been suffering from a cancer on the tongue. A New Zealand settler has "struck oil." "While Mr. Telford, of Otanomomo, was walk ing along the edge of a ditch, he was struck by the appearance of the clay which bad been dug out. He. took a piece home, and after a cursory examination threw it into the fire. The material instantly blazed up with much vigour, and lasted such a time that Mr. Telford de termined to forward a piece to Professor Black for analysis. A reply has sinee been received from the professor stating that the clay con tained a very valuable oil. Mr. Sach, a Townsville magistrate, has been politely "Sacked" for attempting to horse whip a Mr. Sharkey. The latter gentleman turned the tables upon hiB assailant by severely thrashing him, and the Colonial Secretary issued a supersedeas without calling on Mr. Sach. for an explanation. Mark Twain advertises a hotel where " beds may be had with or without bugs, dreams charged for by the dozen ; nightmares hired at reasonable rates ; stone walls furnished to snor ing boarders. Persons owing bills for board will be bored for bills ; those who do not wish to pay in advance are requested to ad vance and pay." At the Crookwell police court on Monday, June 16th, Caroline Chamocks summoned William Beilly for assaulting her by kissing her on the night _ of the 24th May last. The Bench 6howed their disapproval of defendant's love of osculation by fining him five shillings, or twelve hours imprisonment, ho chose the latter. Mr. Wilkin a, chemist at Crookwell, recently filed his schedule for £127, which impecunious state, he swears, liss been caused by his being stuck-up in the bush and robbed of £87, por tion of which was money held in trust for a newspaper proprietor. Speaking from 22 years' experience of co- lonial life, says the Blackall correspondent of the D. D. Gazette , ten years of which have been passed in the Western districts, I never saw such a dearth of employment. Three- fourths of the working population are at pre sent4 swagging" it through the western country. Amongst them are hundreds of broken diggers from the Palmer goldfields, who have been run off to a great extent by thousands of Chinese who rushed the fields — fields that would have given employment perhaps for years to Europeans. John . Street, of the Ferry hotel, Lismore, was fined £15 and costs, for allowing gambling on his premises. The body of the Prince Imperial was saved from mutilation at the hands of the Zulus, and is now en route to England. The remains of the lamented Prince will receive royal honors and be placed beside those of the Emperor, at Cbiselhurst. While the Dissenters are sending mission aries with Bibles and Prayer-books to the Zulus, the Government are sending out cannons and soldiers to back them up. A lady recently advertised for a cook and governess at equal salaries. For the first named appointment there were five applicants, and for the second thirty-two. Me. William Marshall, merchant, of Glas gow, who died at the Bridge of Allan about a fortnight ago at the age of eighty-seven, has left a legacy of £200,000 to found an institu- fcion bearing his name in Glasgow, his native city. There are four trustees, and upon them developes the character of the institution to bo thus founded. A terrible occurrence took place on Thurs- day night at Dromore, about three miles from Mallow. James Flynn, his wife and children, having partaken of their evening meal, retired K to rest. In a few hours Flynn was awoke by 9 the loud talking of his wife. He got up and lit a candle, and- his wife was up as quickly as he. He at once perceived she was mad, and tried to pacify her, when she turned on him, and took hold of one of his fingers between her teeth and nearly bit it off. He went for assistance, and whilst he was away she so ef fectually barricaded the door that he had to break it in with a sledge hammer. Having broken in the door, the first object that met Flyn's gaze was his wife in the act of beating her little son on the head with a bottle. The child was rescued with much difficulty from the grasp of the mad woman. The body of another infant lay dead on the floor. Flynn took up the dead infant in his arms and saw that the little fellow's brains were dashed out. The mother must have caught the little fellow, who was only seven months old, and knocked his bead against the wall, and then trampled on it, as his body was very much bruised. The poor demented creature was eventually secured by the police. That wonderful man Edison, of electric light notoriety, has so far improved the tele graph as to "render it possible to send four messages at once on a single wire. This feat was performed the other day with great suc cess, and now we hear he contemplates a plan for sending six messages by the same wire at one' time. His improved telephone, for en-' aiding persons to converse at four. miles dis tance, was exhibited in the city of London the other day to a select circle of mercantile men, who were perfectly astonished at the results. The first intelligence of the progress of Alexander Forrest's exploring expedition has been received at Perth. They report having passed over some fine country after leaving the Do Grey River. There are millions of acreB of fine grassed lands, with plenty of water. The natives were not troublesome, and the- party reached- Bosbuck's Bay about the middle of April. . The World says: — A good story ib told, which, I believe is founded onfact, of Gene ral Clifford, who is now Lord Chelmsford's second in command. One day in British Kaf- fraris-, during theKaffir War of 1846-8, ho was in the act of sitting down on the ground, plac ing one hand beneath him for. the purpose. He felt something clammy tojouch, and found to his horror it was a'puff adder,, a most vene- mous reptile.- Another - man, with less self possession ..would have removed his hand, probabLytoT.be stung in Jfche act. Not so Clif- , ford. iilhgreat presence of 'mind he held the snake" down firmly with one hand, with the other drew his claSp-knife from his pocket, opened it. with his teeth, and then cooly severed theweptile's head from its body. If Genc-Jal Clifford displays the same quality of cool j courage in a moment of great danger, he will prove a valuable lieutenant to the General-in- Chief in the corning campaign." Practical joking is not always unattended with danger to the perpetrator, as is evident from an event which occurred lately at Sueze (Sarthe); A man named Verle wrapped him self in a white sheet to frighten some girls, and so far succeeded that they all ran away screaming except ope, who aimed a revolver at the pretended ghost and fired six shots. "Verle fell dead, one of the bullets having passed thorugh ie heart. Another attempt is to be made to recover the goods in 'the Ship Loch Ard, which was wrecked near Port Campbell last year. It is to be made on a different basis to that adopted some months since. The owners of the wreck propose to form a company and raise the ne cessary fund for carrying ont ths work by issuing 500 shares at £2 each, and already half the shares have been applied for. It is esti mated that the hull of the Loch Ard contains goods valued at £35,000, which could not be injured by their lengthy immersion. An- act of singular carelessness, nearly re sulting in the loss of about £5000, lias just been reported. It appears that a billiard mar ker engaged at the Leicester, Leicester-square, discovered a few days ago, beneath one of the settees in the billiard room, a leather bag, which he handed to the proprietor. As no in quiries were made for it up to closing time, tha bag was opened, when the contents were found to consist of bank- notes, bills, accept ances, and gold to the value of nearly £5000. .It has since transpired that the bag belonged to a gentleman, the principal of a large com mercial establishment in London, who being too late to pay the money into the bank and meeting with some friends, went with them to the above establishment, and inadvertently left the bag where it was found, but did no- discover his loss until his arrival at hie coun try residence. It was then too late to tele graph or return to London. Early the next morning the bag was recovered, the owner rewarding the finder 5s. 1 The room where the bag was discovered was a public one. The Times of November 25 last contains the report of a root show held at Reading. Nearly 1,300 entries were in competion for the prizes, amounting to £300, including specimens contributed by tiie Queen, Prince of Wales, and several of the nobility and gentry. The report of the event is chiefly notable for tlie following observations which occur : — " One of the most remarkable ex hibits is a collection of several hundred roots grown on the Reading Sewage 'Farm this year, and drawn from a crop of 50 acres. Finer specimens have seldom been seen, and the whole crop is the heaviest on record, as the following rates will show : Sutton's mammoth long red, 110 tons per acre, on seven acres ; Sutton's golden tankard, 88 tops, per acre ; Sutton's Berks prize yellow globe, 77 tons per acre ; and Sutton'syellow intermediate, 77 tons." A terrible murder with robbery has been lately reported from Efcaterinoelav. A soldier just returned from the theatre of war had gone to the village of Karnauchowka. While there he was asked to be godfather., to a child about to be baptized. The pope who per formed the rite was a venerable man of about sixty years of age, and the soldier was so im pressed with his devotional demeanour, that at the conclusion of the ceremony he presented him with a gold piece as an honorarium. The unusual value of the gift attracted the attention of the priest. He asked tha soldier whether he had many similar pieceo. The latter an swered without reserve that he had been able to save his pay, and had been otherwise fortu nate, aud that he turned all into gold, which 1m carried with him. The cupidity of the priest was aroused. The better to secure his object he took his deacon into his confidence, and they resolved to watch for an opportunity to rob the soldier. A few days later this latter set cut on his -journey homewards. He had to pass through a thick wood. This tlie conspi rators had learnt beforehand. They lay in wait for him, attacked him, felled him to the earth, and literally gnawed his throat in the absence of weapons sufficiently homicidal. Having robbed him. they left him by the way side convinced that he was dead or dying, and could tell no tale ; but some peasants coming up shortly afterwards found the unfortunate man still living. They were so prompt and skilful in their attentions that he recovered coneiousne69, and was able before his death to indicate clearly who were his assassins. They are now in the hands of the police. The lady barber is making her way. She is established in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and very probably in other cities. The great trouble with the man barber is that he will talk. Of course there will be an improvement in this respect in shops where ladies are em ployed. At the recent regatta at Madras there was a saloon shooting match with rifles got up for the ladies, the target fired at being placed at some distance in the lake. Three ladies en tered their names for this sport, they being Mrs. W. Morgan, Mi6S Forbes, and Mrs. Brown. Miss Forbes scored 10 points, but Mrs. Brown scored 15, und won the prize. A gold wreath has just been finished for presentation to Lord Beaconsfield. It is of most fine gold — 22-carat gold — with silver as alloy. It weighs 20 ozs., has 46 leaves, and 80 towns have subscribed towards, it, the to tal cost being £220. Wo are told that it represents the contributions of 52,800 persons. It will be exhibited for a time in ihe Crystal Palace. When it is to be presented to the Premier is not stated, but doubtless that will be announced in duo time, and we may be sure the ceremony will be of the most gorgeous description. It is now said that not only steamships and trains, but ordinary cabs will when in mo tion generate electricity sufficient to light them up brilliantly. . Mr. M'Elhone, has expressed his convic tion that more jobbery and rascality had been carried on in the Lands Department than had ever been committed by the occu pants of Darlinghurst or Cockatoo. Bribery, corruption, dishonesty, drunkenness and wick edness of every kind are a few of the mildest epithets applied to the officers of that branch of the service by the energetic orator who re presents the Upper 'Hunter. Captain Connor, of the Sir. Kit da, reports to the New Zealand, papers that two active volcanoes are burning down South, one of 'them on the Greymouth side of Mount Cook, and the other near Cliffy Head. He says both are on the peaks of mountains about 2000 feet high, and that they are covered with smoke during day, and the fire can be seen at night. He "also reports' that between Greymouth and Hokitika, about fifteen miles off the coast, the sea is covered with dead barracoutas. Captain Biguell, of the Waipawa, who . knows the country well, says that the volcanoes reported by Captain Connor are simply smoke caused by settlers burning scrub. The Hon. Mr. Campbell and Mr. Geo. Thorn ton have resigned office as Commissioners of 'Customs, owing to the debate which lately took place in the Assembly upon appointing members of the Upper House to the office. In the Legislative Assembly, on Wedne'sdaj', the Government said the surveys for the extension of the Great Northern Railway to Sydney were sufficiently advanced to allow a sum for the purpose being including in the Loan Estimates in a few da\'s. After a long debate, another vote of £75,000 for the Exhibition was passed, making a to tal of £175,000 now voted in aid of the Ex hibition. For somo time past the City Corporation have been in pecuniary difficulties, owing to the pressure of the Union Bank for payment of an overdraft of slightly under £75,000. Mr. Roberts, the Mayor, has been in com munication with the Government for several weeks for the purpose of obtaining tempor ary relief, but without success until the last moment. Yesterday morning it appears that the manager of tiie bank insisted on the im mediate payment of the overdraft. The Mayor waited upon the Colonial Secretary, Sir Henry Parkes, and set forth to him again the press ing circumstances of the Corporation. In the afternoon Mr.; Roberts met tiie members of the Ministry at the Colonial Secretary's Office, and after a long consultation with them, ob tained a promise that the Government would forthwith submit to Parliament a bill to en able tjie Corporation to issue debentures with a Government guarantee at one, two, and three years, £25,000 each year, bearing interest at five per cent, per annum, to cover the sewe rage overdraft of the city with the bank. On the faith of this promise we understand the Mayor made arrangements with the manager of the Bank for the payment of the £75,000 worth debentures falling due this day, together, with interest, as will be seen by advertisement in another colum ; the holders of the deben tures having the option of renewal on the terms on which they were issued. As the city will shortly receive £25,000 per annum ad ditional by the operation of the new Corpora tion Bill, in addition to fully half as much more income from the city rates, it is to be presumed that its affairs will be established on a satisfactory footing, enabling the. Mayor to carry out the requisite works and meet all obligations without having to come to the ' Government, according to the unsatisfactory custom which has obtained for some years past. The correspondent of a contemporary writes : " During the six months prior to the depar ture of Her Majesty forBaveno, about 17,000 boxes, containing despatches from the different departments of State, were forwarded to the Queen at Balmoral, Windsor, &c.;, for her Ma jesty's perusal, consideration, signature, &c.; This statement I received from one in the position to know its truth. During the last twelve month the number of telegiams flow ing into the Foreign Office day and night from all parts of the Continent have been unprece dented probably in any previous administra tion. Besides the vast multitude of telegrams coming direct into the Foreign Office, enormous additions have been made to the number by the other departments of State, notably the War Office, the Colonial Office, and the India Office ; and irrespective of the very large number of' despatches merely demanding per usal .by her Majesty, immense numbers necessitated her sign manual. Even at Baveno the Queen has not been idle, for twice a week a message has been going to and fro with de- spatcbes for her Majesty." Diseases which should be prevented (says the Melbourne Argus ) is the title of a lecture delivered under the auspices of the Australian Health Society, by Dr. James Jamieson. It embraces, as it may be imagined, a wide range of subjects, and the lecturer asserts his belief that from 1700 to 1800 lives might be saved every year in Melbourne alone. Speaking of infant mortality, Dr Jamieson says : — "I have certainly not over-estimated the slaughter o£: the innocents in saying that of every 100 chil dren born in this city, not' more than 80 are alive at the end of Sve years. I do not think that any reasonable man or woman can believe that there is any necessity, natural or moral, requiring that 20 children out of 100 should be in their graves before they reach that age, most of the 20, in fact in their first year, and that many of the survivors live on with broken health from the same causes which cut off the others prematurely. Of these 20 deaths I do not say that one-third aro unnecessary, but that at least half might easily be prevented, if infants were properly fed, reasonably clothed, and guarded agaiest the diseases which attack children especially. Newcastle exported last year 872,000 tons of coal, valued at £602,000. Tight lacing has gone out of fashion in Eng land, 25 inches being now deemed a fair thing to put a fellow's arm round. The presence of money-lenders and hotel- keepers was painfully conspicious of June 28, in the vestibule of the Melbourne Public Offices, this being the pay-day of one of the depart ments. The police officer who, with his heart covered with medals, has always been an attraction at one of the public departments has married a widow with 14 children. The Agent- General of New South Wales, resi dent in London, has to pay an income tax of £52 10s. per annum, on his official .salary of £1500. or 3i per cent. The news from the Cape shows that the death of the Prince Imperial had a most depressing' effect on the force at the seat of war. His death was much regretted, and tlie whole army spon taneously and liberally subscribed towards a memoiial in remembrance of their lamonted royal comrade. The Mobile and Ohio railroad has a palace car for horses. It is forty feet in length, has ventilators on top, and can accomodate twelve horses. Inside it. is divided into different stalls, so arranged that the partition dividiug them can be taken down. There is also a sheet iron- tank to hold water for the horses. In the Legislative Council, on Wednesdaj', in Committee on the Land Bill, Mr. Darley moved an amendment, depriving the clause of its retrospective effect. Sir John Robertson an nounced that, if the amendment was earned, he would throw up the Bill. A debate fol lowed, and the amendment was carried. Sir John Robertson thereupon moved the adjourn ment of the House, with a view to consult his colleagues. In New Ilamphshire (says Progress ) women now vote on all school questions, anrl for the first time took part in the election held during the last days of March. They have been elected also on the boards of education, and in some of the towns these boards are wholly composed of women. . The - sex/how ever" did not show general interest in the mat ter, but it is expected that next year will see a much larger vote. At present there can be no doubt that the majority have refused to .exercise" the right accorded them. Tho accounts report that where the women did appear at tho meetings and| the polls, there was better order than has prevailed in pre vious years. An extraordinary story is told by a New Zear land paper of how a little fellow, son of a resi dent of Marton, who had been sent to school in England, found his way back to bis parents : — "Although but just entering upon his teens, the plucky little man determined to escape from his bondage, and work liis way back tho .16,000 miles, and with that intention started off to tramp to London without a penny in liis pocket. Arrived at ."the modern Babylon, he succeeded in ingratiating himself with the captain of a vessel trading to Melbourne, who, in return for the child's servicc-3 as ' Jimmy. Ducks,' gave him a passage-to Wellington inrone of the steamers. But even then, so near home and happiness, he found himself still a stranger, penniless and without help, until a captain of one of the Wangauui steamers gave him a lift to town. Unfortunately for the eliiid, there were no. more vessels to accept services in lieu of passage — as there ;were only the rail and the road whereby to reach home — and the little fellow was about girding up his loins for another tramp of thirty miles, when he stopped in front of a shop, the name of whose proprietor was familiar to him Acting upon the spur of the moment he entered, ami told bis tale to the man — an old friend of his father — who escorted him to the station, placed him in a first-class carriage, with a ticket for Marton, and two hours later, in-the darkness of the night, the bravo little wanderer was knocking at hie father's door." Near the foot of BoaveV Lake explorers re cently discovered a mountain of obsidian or volcanic glass. This mountain of glass rises in basalt-like columns, and in huge ma'sses several hundred feet high, from a hissing hot spring -forming the margin of the lake, thus forming a barrier where it was very desirable that a waggon road should be, as the glass barricade sloped for some 300ft. high at an angle of 45dog. to the lake, and its glistening surface was therefore impassable, there being neither Indian nor game track over it. To make tho road, huge fires were made against the glass thoroughly to heat and expand it, and then by dashing cold water from the lake against the heated glass suddenly cool the latter, causing largo frag ments to break from the mass. The eastern side of the Grand Canon of the Gibbon River for about two miles in length consists of vertical pillars several hundred feet high, of glistening black, yellow, mottled, and banded obsidian or volcanic glass. This obsidian has been, and is still, used by the Indians for making arrow heads and other , weapons and tools, and the mountain has formed a vast quarry for mak ing such instruments or weapons of a quality unequalled elsewhere.— -American Paper. We see by the papers to hand that at the time of the departure of the Suez mail, the American horse, Parole, was still carrying on his victorious career in England, as on May the 7th carrrying Fred Archer, 9st 81 bs (including 141 bs extra) he won the Great Cheshire Handicap in a canter by three lengths, thus . making the fourth big handicap he had earned off within five weeks. A coniemporay observes that while unscrupul ous- pemy-a-liners delight in filling the metro politan prints with falsehood and cant, the newspapers in the country, which are of course well up in all that is going on around them, invariably accord praise where it is due, and seldom or never, descend to the mean and cowardly plan of inflicting a stab in the dark upon anyone against whom they are afraid to show themselves in open animosity. 