THE SHADOW IN THE CORNER. (cohtimued.) Next morning she got his breakfast ready in the same room,' which she managed to make brighter and cheerier than it had looked overnight. Brooms, dusting- brushes ana. a gopa nre aia mucn to improve the aspect of things. But the morning wore on to noon, and the old housekeeper listened in vain for her master's footfall on the stairs Noon waned to late afternoon. She made no attempt to disturb him, thinking that he had worn himself out by a tedious journey on horseback, and that he was sleeping the sleep of exhaustion. But vhen the brief November day clouded with the first shadows of twilight, the old woman grew seriously alarmed and went upstairs to her master's door, where she waited in vain for any reply to her repeated calls and kt>ockin£8. The door was locked on the inside, and the housekeeper was not strong enough to break it open. She rushed down stairs again full of fear, and ran bare-headed out into the lonely road. There was no habitation nearer than the turnpike on the old coach-road from which this side-road branched off to the sea. There was scanty hope of a chance passer-by. The old woman ran along the road, hardly knowing whither she was going or what she was going to do, but vith a vague idea that she must get somebody to help her. Chance favoured her. A cart, laden w ith sea- a eeds, came lumbering slowly along from the level line of 3ands yonder where the land melted into the water. A heavy, lumbering farm labourer walked beside the cart. 4 For God s sake, come in and burst open my master's door !' she entreated, Seizing ' the man by the arm. 4 He's lying dead, or in a fit, and I can't get in to help him,' 4 >.11 right, missus,' answered the man, as if such an invitation were a matter of daily occurrence. 4 Whoa, Dobbin ; stond still, horse an i be donged to thee.' Dobbin v as glad to be brought to anchor on the patch of waste grass in front of the Grange garden. His master followed the housekeeper up stairs, and shattered the old- fashioned box-lock with one blow with his ponderpus fist. The old woman's worst fears v ere real ised. Anthony Bascom was dead. But the mode and manner of his death Michael had never been able to learn. The house keeper's daughter, who told him the story, was an old woman when he a as a boy. She had only shaken her head, and looked un. utterable things, when he questioned her too closely. She had never admitted that the old squire had committed suicide. Yet the tradition of his self- destruction was rooted in the minds of the natives of Holcroft ; and there was a certain belief that his ghost at certain times and seasons haunted Wildheath Grange. Now, Michael Bascom was'a stern material ist. For him, the universe, ith all its in habitants, was a great machine, governed by inexorable la s. To such. a inan the idea of a ghost was simply absurd — absurd as the assertion that two and two made five, or that a circle can be formed of a straight liue. Yet he had a kind of dilettante interest in the idea of a mind which could believe in ghosts. The subject offered an amusing psychological study. This poor little pale girl, now, had evidently got some super natural tgrror into her head, which could only be conquered by rat onal treatment. 4 1 know what I ought to do,' Michael Bascom said to himself, suddenly. 4 I'll oc cupy that room myself to-night, and demon strate to this foolish girl . that her notion about the shadow is nothing more than a silly fancy, bred of timidity and low spirits. An ounce of proof is better than a pound of argument. If I can prove to her that I have spent a night in the room and seen no such shadow, she will understand vhat an idle thing superstition is.' Daniel came in presently to close the shutters 4 Tell your wife to make up my bed in the room where Maria has been sleeping, and to put her into one of the rooms on the first floor for to-night, Skegg,' said Mr. Bas com. 4 Sir ?' Mr. Bascom repeated his orders. 4 That silly wench has been complaining to you about her room,' Skegg exclaimed, in dignantly. 4 She doesn't deserve to be well fed and cared for in a comfortable home. She ought to go to the workhouse.' 4 Don't be angry with the poor girl, Skegg. % She has taken a foolish fancy into her head, and I want to show her how foolish she is,' said Mr. Bascom. 4 And yon want to sleep in his — in that room yourself? said the butler. 4 Precisely.' 4 Well," mused Skegg, 4 if he does walk — which I don't believe — he was your own flesh and blood, and I don t suppose he'll do you any hurt.' When Daniel Skegg went back to the . kitchen he railed mercilessly at poor Maria, who sit, pale and "silent, in her comer by the hearth, darning old Mrs. Skegg's grey worsted stockings, which were the roughest and harshest armour that ever human foot clothed itself with. 4 Was there ever such a whimsical, fine, ladylike miss,' demanded Daniel to 4 come. into a gentleman's house, ! an-1 drive him out of his own bedroom to , sleep in an attic, with her nonsense and vagaries ?' If this was the result -6f hieing educated above one's station, Daniel declared that he was glad he. had never got so' far W his schooling as to read words of tWo sy -; llibles without spelling. Eduogition might. : b© hanged for hil% if this . . _ 4 1 am very sorry, ' faltered Maria, weeping silently over hen work. Indeed, Mr. Skegg, j I made no complaint. My master questioned i noje, and I told him aiL That was ill.' r 4 All ! exclaimed Mr. Skefifc, irtteljr ; - ' ill, indeed 1 I should thihk it KRSenough. Poor Maria held her peace. Her mind, ; -fluttered by Daniel's "unkindness, had wan- < dered a ay from the bleak, big kitchen to the lost horh'e of the past— the snug little parlour where she and her father lia4; £e" side" this cosy heartli on sucli a Jiigbt as this ; she with hbr martrkted her plam sewing, he with the newspaper he loved to read ; the petted cat purring on the rug, the kettle sieging on this bright brass trivet, the tea tray pleasantly suggestive oi the most comfortable meal in the day. Oh, those happy nights, that dear com panionship ! Were they really gone for ever, leaving nothing behind them but un- kindness and servitude ? Michael Bascom retired later than usual that night. He was in the habit of sitting at his books long after every other lamp but his own had been extinguished. The Skeggs had subsided into silence and darkness in their dreary ground-floor bedchamber. To night bis studies were of a peculiarly in teresting kind, and belonged to the order of recreative reading rather than of hard work, jje was deep in the history of that mysterious people who had their dwelling-place in the Swiss lakes, and was much exercised by certain speculations and theories abdut them. The old eight-day clock on the stairs was striking two as Michael slowly ascended, candle in hand, to the hitherto unknown region of the attic. At the top of the stair case he found himself facing a dark narrow passage which led northward, a passage that was in itself sufficient to strike terror to a superstitious mind, so blackand uncanny did it look. > < Poor child,' mused Mr. Bascom, thinking, of Maria; 4 this attic floor is rather dreary, and for a young mind prone to fancies. ' He had opened the door of the north room by this time, and stood looking about him. It was a large room, with a ceiling that sloped on one side, but was fairly lofty upon the other ; an oldfashioned room, full of old- fashioned furniture— big, pouderous, clumsy —associated with a day that was gone and people that were dead. A walnut-wood wardrobe stared him in the face— a wardrobe with brass handles, which gleam out of the darkness like diabolical eyes. There was a tali four-post bedstead, which had been cut down on one side to accommodate- the slope of the ceiling, and which had a misshapen and deformed aspect in consequence. There was an old mahogany bureau, that smelled of secrets. There were some heavy old chairs with rush bottoms, mouldy with age, and much worn. There as a corner wash- stand, with a big basin and a small jug — the odds and ends of past years. Carpet there was none, save a narrow strip beside the bed. 'It is a dismal room,' mused Michael, with the same touch of pity for Maria's weakness which he had felt on the landing just now. To liim it mattered nothing where he slept; but having let himself down to a lower level by his interest in the Swiss lakes people, he was in a manner humanised by the lightness of his evening's reading, and was even in clined to compassionate the weakness of a foolish girl. He went to bed, determined to sleep his soundest. '! he bed was comfortable, well supplied with blankets, rather luxurious than otherwise, and the scholar had that agreeable sense of fatigue which promises pro ound and restful slumber. He dropped off to sleep quickly, but woke with a start ten minutes afterward. What was this consciousness of a burden of care that had awakened him — this sense of all- pre'vading trouble that weighed upon his spirits and oppressed his heart — this icy horror of some terrible crisis in life through which he must inevitably pass? To him these feelings were as novel as they were painful. B is life had flowed on with smooth and sluggish tide, unbroken by so much as a ripple of sorrow. Yet to-night he felt all the pangs of unavailing remorse, the agonising memory of a life wasted ; the stings of humiliation and disgrace, shame, ruin ; a hideous death, which he had doomed himself to die by his own hand. These were the horrors that pressed him round, and weighed him down as he lay in Anthony Bascom's room. Yes, even he, the man who could recog nise nothing in Nature or in Nature's God, better or higher than an irresponsible and invariable machine governed by mechanical laws, was fain to admit that here he found himself face to face with a psychological mystery. This trouble, which came between him and sleep, was the trouble that had purj sued Anthony Bascom on the last night of his life, So had the suicide felt as he lay in that lonely room, perhaps striving to rest his wearied brain with one last earthly sleep before he passed to the unknown land where all is darkness and slumber. And that troubled mind had haunted the room ever since. It was not the ghost of the man's body that returned to the spot where he had Buffered and perished, but the ghost of his mmd— his very self : no meaningless simula crum of the clothes he wore, and the figure that filled them. Michael Bascom was not the man to abandon his high ground of sceptical philo sophy without a struggle He tried his hardest to conquer this oppression that weighed upon his mind and sense. Again and again he succeeded in composing himself to sleep, but only to wake again and again to the same torturing thoughts, the same re morse, the same despair. So the night passed m unutterable weariness ; for though he told himself that the trouble was not his trouble, that there was no reality in the burden, no reason for the remorse, these vivid fancies Were as painful as realities, and took as strong a hold upon him. The first dim streak of light crept in at the window — dim and cold and gray ; then came twilight, and he looked at the corner between the wardrobe and the door. Yes; there was the shadow; not the shadow of the wardrobe onlyrr-hat was clear enough, but a vague and shapeless something which darkened the dull blown 11 ; so faint, so shadowy, that he could form no conjecture as to its nature, - or the thing it represented. He determined to Watch this shadow till broad daylight ; but the weariness of th,e night had exhausted bim, and before the first dimness of dawn had passed away he had fallen fast asleep, |md was tasting the blessed balm undis turbed slumber. When he woke the winter Sun as jshiring in at the lattice, and the gloomyaspecfc I It looked oldfksKidhed, aria' gray, hna iirown, and shabby ; but the depth of its gloom hark fled ith the shadows and the darkness of night. Mr. Bascom rose refreshed by a sound ««ep, which had lasted nearly throe hours. \- ' He remembered the wretched feelings which md gone before that renovating slumber; v h.rcpalied his strange sensations only, to despise them, and he despised himself for having attached any importance to them. Indigestion, very likely,' he told him-' r ori perhaps mere fancy, engendered of that foolish girl's story. The wisest of us is more under the dominion of imagination than he would care to confess. Well, Maria shall not sleep in this room any more. There is no particular reason why she should, and she shall not be made unhappy to please old Skegg and his wife.' When he had dressed himself in his usual leisurely way, Mr. Bascom walked up to the corner where he had seen or imagined the shadow, and examined the spot carefully. At first sight he could discover nothing of a mysterious character. There was no door in the papered wall, no trace of a door that had been there in the past. There was no trap- door in the worm-eaten boards. There was no dark, ineradicable stain to hint at murder. There was not the faintest sug gestion of a secret or a mystery. He looked up at the ceiling. That was sound enough, save for a dirty patch here and there where the rain had blistered it. Yes ; there was something — an insignifi cant thing, yet with a suggestion of grimness which startled him. " About a foot below the ceiling he saw a large iron hook projecting from the wall just above the spot where he had seen the shadow of a vaguely-defined form. He mounted on a chair the better to examine this hook, and to understand, if he could, the purpose for which it had been put there. It was old and rusty. It must have been there for many years. Who would have placed it there, and why? It was not the kind of hook upon which one would hang a picture or one's garments. It was placed, in an obscure corner. Had Anthony Bascom put it there on the night he died, or did he lind it ready for a fatal use ? ' If I were a superstitious man,' thought Michael, 4 1 should be inclined to believe that Anthony Bascom hanged himself from that rusty old hook.' 'Sleep well, sir?' asked Daniel, as he waited upon his master at breakfast. 'Admirably,' answered Michael, deter mined not to gratify the man's curiosity. » He had always resented the idea that Wildheath Grange was haunted. f Oh, indeed, sir. You were so late that I fancied ' 4 Late ? — yes ! I slept so well that I over shot my usual hour for waking. But, by the way, Skegg, as that poor girl objects to the room, let her sleep somewhere eke. It can't make any difference to us, and it may make some difference to her.' 4 Humph !' mattered Daniel in his grumpy way; 'you didn't see anything queer up there, did you ?' < See anything ? Of course not.' 'Well, then, why should she see things? It's all her silly fiddle-faddle.' ' Never mind ; let her sleep in another room.' ' There ain't another room on the top floor that's dry.' ' Then let her sleep on the floor below. She creeps about quietly enough, poor little timid thing ; she won't disturb me.' Daniel grunted, and his master understood the grunt to mean obedient assent ; bat here Mr. Bascom « as, unhappily, mistaken. The proverbial obstinacy of the pig family is as nothing compared with the obstinacy of a cross-grained old man whose, narrow mind lias .never been illuminated by education. D miel was beginning to feel jealous of His master's compassionate interest in the orphan girl. She was a sort of gentle, clinging thing that might creep -into an elderly bachelor's heart unawares, and make her self a comfortable nest there. ' We shall have fine carryings-on, and me and my old woman will be nowhere if I don't put down my heel pretty strong upon- this nonsense,' Daniel muttered to himself, as he carried the breakfast-tray to the pantry. Maria met him in the passage. ' Well, Mr. Skegg, 'what did my master say ?' she asked, breathlessly. ' Did he see anything strange in the room ?' No, girl. What should he see ? He said you were a fool.' Nothing disturbed him ? And he slept there peacefully ?' faltered Maria. ' Never slept better in his life. Now, don't you begin to feel ashamed of yourself ?' 'Yes,' she answered meekly; 'I am ashamed of being so full of fancies. I will go back to my room to-night, Mr. Skegg, if you like, and I will never complain of it again.' 'I hope you won't, 'snapped Skegg; 'you've given us trouble enough already.' Maria sighed, and went abcut her work in saddest silence. The day wore slowly on, like all other days in that lifeless old house. The scholar sat in his study ; Maria moved softly from room to room, sweeping and dusting in the cheerless solitnde. The mid day sun faded into the gray of afternoon, aud evening came down like a blight upon the dull old house. Throughout that day Maria and her master never met. Any one who had been so far interested in the girl as to observe her ap pearance would have seen that she was un usually pale, and that her eyes had a resolute look, as of one v. ho had resolved to face a painful ordeal. She eat hardly anything all day. She was curiously silent. Skegg and his wife put down both these symptoms. to temper. ' She won't eat and she won't talk,' said Daniel ..to the parfcner|of his joys. 'That means snikiness, and I never < allowed sulki- uess to master me when I was a young man, J and you tried it on as a young woman, and I'm not going to be conquered by sulkinesq in my old age.' - Bed-time came, and Maria bade the Skeggs a civil good-night, and went up to her lonely garret without a murmur. - The next morning Y»me, and Mrs. Skegg looked in vain for her patient hand-maiden, when she wanted Maria's services in pre paring the breakfast. — < The wench sleeps sound enough this morning,' said the old woman. ' Go and cfcU My poor legs can't stand them 5' stairs.' ( Your poor legs are getting uncommon useless,' muttered Daniel testily, as he went to do his wife's behest. He knocked at the door, and called Maria — once, twice, thriefc, mauy times, but there was no reply, tie tried the door and fouud it locked. He shook the door violently, cold with fear. Then he told himself that the- girl had played him a trick. She had stolen away before daybreak, and left the door losked to frighten him. But no, this could not be, for he could see the key in the lock when he knelt down and put his eye to the keyhole. The key prevented his seeing into the room. She s in there, langhing in her sleeve at me,' he told himself ; ' but I'll soon be even with her.' There was a heavy bar on the staircase, which «-as intended to secure the shutters of the window that lighted the stairs. It was a detached bar and always stood in a corner near the window, which it was bat rarely employed to fasten. Daniel ran down to the landing and seized upon this massive iron bar, and then ran back to the garret door. One blow from the heavy bar shattered the old lock, which was the same lock the carter had broken with his strong fist seventy years before. The door flew open, and Daniel went into the attic which he had chosen for the Stranger's bed-chamber. Maria was hanging from the hook in the wall. She had contrived to cover her face decently with her handkerchief. She had hanged herself deliberately about an hour before Daniel had found her, in the early gray of morning. The doctor, Who was sum moned from Holcroft, was able to declare the time at which she had slain herself, but there was no one who could say what sudden access of terror had impelled her to the des perate act, or under what slow torture of nervous apprehension her mind had given way. The coroner's jury returned the cus tomary merciful verdict of 'temporary in sanity.' The girl's melancholy fate darkened the rest of Michael. Bascom's life. He flied from Wildheath Grange as from an accursed spot, and from the Skeggs as from the murderers of a harmless, innocent girl. He ended his days at Oxford, where he found the society of congenial minds and the books he loved. But the memory of Maria's sad fate, and sadder death, was his abiding sorrow. Out of that deep shadow his soul was never lifted.— -M. E. BnAixboN, in 'All the Year Round.' 