SOME PRECEDENTS FOR THE CHANGES PROPOSED IN LORD EBURY'S REVI SION BILL OF 1879. In Lord Ebury's Bill of June 30th, 1879, in six points it is proposed to revise the Prayer- book and - Ordination Services. For five of them, precedents may be found in the American Prayer-book, as finally settled in 1789, where the altered passages stand as follows : in which form it might have been better to propose the substitutes of the Bill. 1\. In the rubric before the absolution : " Tbp Declaration of Absolution, or Remission o! Sins : to be made by the Priest alone, stan ding," &c.; . 2. In the concluding portion of the (.Warning of the Holy Communion : "Let him come to me, or to some other minister of God's word, and open his grief ; that he may receiver such godly counsel and advice, as may tend to the quieting of his conscience, and the removing of all scruple and doubtfulness." . j 3\. Ih the rubric before the Communion Absolution " Then shall .'the. : Priest (th'e Bishop, if he be present) stand up, and (turning, to the people, say," &c.; . 4\. In the Visitation of the Sick, the rubric as to special .confession, aud the Absolution,: are omitted. The rubric before the Collect stands thus: "And then the- Minister, shall say this Collect following.: Let. us pray."- . . . 5\. In the act of ordination of priests, after the present English form, from John xx. 22, 23, this addition :— " Or this : "Take thou authority to execute the office of a Priest in the. Church of ; God, now committed to thee by the imposition of our hands ; and be thou a faithful dispenser of the word of God, and of His holy sacraments : In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." + Other similar . changes in some of the above pointB. 1\. In the Laudian Scotch Liturgy of 1537, it is, " to be pronounced by tho Presbyter alone,'' &c.; And in the body of the Absolution itself, " and who hath given power and commandment to the Presbyters of His Church, the Ministers of His Gospel; &c.; : the same - Almighty God pardoneth andabsolveth all them which truly repent, &c.; Wherefore we beseech Him to grant us true repentance, and His Holy Spirit ; that we may rect ive f rom Him absolution from all our sins, tha'v those things may please Hini which we do at this present," &c.; 2\. In the: Scotch Liturgy of 1637 : " then let him come to me, or some other discreet and learned Presbyter or Minister of God's word and . open his : grief ; that he . may receive such ghostly, counsel, advice,: and comfort, and his conscience may be relieved; and that by the ministry of God's word he may receive comfort; and the benefits of absolution," &c.;\- ' 3\. In the rubric ; before . the ., Communion Absolution, in the Scotch Liturgy, - " Presbyter " for " priest." , In the English Liturgies of 1549, 1552, and 1604 : " and turning himself to the people say thus." In 1559 : " sliall say thus." : 4\. In the Scotch Liturgy of 1637, "Presbyter" for "priest." In the revised: Prayer-book of the Church of Ireland, the rubric stands thus : " Here , if the sick person feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter, he shall be moved to open his grief, after ioldch (if he humbly and heartily desire it)' the Minister shall saythus," and then follows the Communion. Absolution; altered to the singular, form. And then the " Priest " is to say . the " Collect following,", though a " Minister " could use the Absolution 1 