PÎOTI03ST. From Euffllhli, American* and other Periodical!« Who Was Guilty? CHAPTER XLII.- ( Continued.) The time titCrehylls was B timo of sorrow and dismay ; hence it was easy for Lydia, when the evening fell, to creep out unpsrceived. Very small restraint had hitherto b>-on placed on her move- ments ; she was not a child who had been cramped in a nursery, or confined in a school-room. Free to go and come as she would in the great castle, and living her daily life with her father and mother not with nurse-maids, she had acquired a calmness and self- possession, and curious, uncbildisk self reliance, not often found among the children of the rieb. It was nine o'clock when Lydia reached the hol- low tree within which Alfred Singleton lay. It was a huge oak of enormous bulk, and now in its decay its great trunk had room and to spare for the fu- gitives that sought its shelter. When the child crept first within the hollow, the semi-darkness at first blinded her ; then, as her eyes cleared, she saw Alfred sleeping, and for a moment she stood and looked on him, the deep, unconscious, motherly tenderness, which is the root of all woman's love, swelling in her little heart, and wetting her cheeks with tesis. Then kneeling down, she put her arm around his neck and woke bim. > " Are you very, very tired of waiting ?" she said " I was afraid to come till nearly dark, lest any one should watch me." " And is Mr. Whalley gone ?" asked Alfred. " Oh, yes-hours nnd hours ago," she replied ; " and, just as you guessed, papa said he might take you away ; so they searched all through the house and garden for you, and were obliged to come and tell him you were gone. Then he got very angry; and papa sent for me, and questioned me; but I would not say anything. Alfred looked into her shining eyes with a piteous fear creeping into his own, " They did not beat you, or shut you up, or do anything cruel to make you tell ?" he cried, eagerly. Poor boy ! Ho was so used to cruelty and ill usage that he could not understand Lydia's free, happy life. "Beat me!"she exclaimed, in wonder; but her mind would not hold the thought, and in a moment she had dismissed it. " Look here," Bke said, " I saved all my bread-and-butter for you when I had my tea, nnd here are a lot of biscuits too. I took as many as this little si-k bag would bold, because I thought you would'be hungry, I wish I could have brought you something better." " This is very good," said Alfred. "Then, like a little mother, Lydia sat down and saw him eat, with great contentment. " Now here are some cherries to finish with, and two apples," she said ; " but you must put them in your pocket against another time, and the rest of the biscuits too." \- Alfred did as he was told, greatly admiring at the sams time the little friend's foresight. " How clever you are," he said, " to think of all this ! I shan't be hungry no-v to-morrow as I walk on." Lydia gazed at him wistfully. It was so strange to her to have hunger, and thirst, and weariness, the world's hardness, and cruel usage brought home to her like this. And these w«re here, before her- eyes, speaking in Alfred's forlorn fears, his friendleasnees, and pallid looks. " But you can buy something to eat with money/i she said : " I have thought of that, too, and I have unlocked my money-box. See, here aro nil these shillings! You won't went anything now ns you go to Penkivel, and you won't sleep out-of-doors again beneath the trees ?" . Her store of silver was about ten or twelve shil ings-a sum which seemed immense to Alfred. .* I can't take all that money," he said, " I-I don't think I should be able to par it back." "You must have it," returned Lydia, pressing it on him eagerly. " I don't want it back." There was a little dispute between them before he took it, but she gained her point. Then he gave her a small gold pencil-cuse, and told her to keep it for his sake till he came to Crebylle again. " I bave had this a long, long while," he said. " so I would not give it to any one in all the world but vyou, Lydia." " I will never part with it," she answered. Then from beneath ber cloak sbe took . a little bundle,* with a smile of immense triumph. " This is yours,' she said; "I know you would want it, so I hid it away directly I got in ; and I am so glad, I did, be- cause that wicked man wanted it. He said-" But here the child stopped ; she did not like to let Alfred know Mr. Whalley had called him a thief. " Tell me what he said, Lydia," pleaded the boy ; " tell me all the wickeâ lies he told to your papa." . " She told it atlast, trembling as she spoke, and clasping his hand in hero. "The wickedest thirg he said was that you had robbed him," said Lydia ; " mid that you had silver things and jewels in you bundle." The poor boy, hearing this, felt his heart stand still, and seizing the little bundle, be began undoing the knots hurriedly. " What are you doing ?" cried Lydia, putting both her arms around bim. " I won't look in the buBdle : i I won't seo what is in it ! If you think I believe Mr. Whalley, I'll never speak to you again. Here's your pencil-case-I can't take it if you fancy I am such a mean, wicked, cruel girl as to want you to prove to me that you are not a thief." ' She pressed the pencil-case in his hand, and cov- ered her face with her clor.k lest her eyes should fall on the obnoxious bundle. Her passion subdued Alfred, and he tied up the bundle again, with a sign. " Well, I won't show you the things if you don '". like, Lydia," said he ; "I have only got some of m s clothes here. Please take the pencil-case, Lycia, because I muet say good-by now. See how dark it is "getting!" he added, sorrowfully. Then his arm stole about her neck, and cheek pressing against cheek, the children eat in silène«, It was so hard to part, so dreadful, so cruel, that not all their innocent hope and faith could for a tim* assuage the pang. Thus they eut in the entrance of the hollow tr'v with the gray light of the long June twilight fallu;,» on them sadly, All the tall shadows bad crept a-"i y with the vanished sun, leaving in their stead a faint darkness, through which there glimmered a whi'o mist rising beneath the sombre trees like ghosts with wreathed and beckoning arma, Lydia'a cheeks wera wet with taara, and *he ut- tered not a word, when Alfred rose, unclnsped lier small hands from his neck, and slowly walk"d away. Sut when she saw him going, a cry spranp to her lips, and rushing forward, she clung tu him with sobs and tears. "Do not cry, Lydia," said Alfred. " I will fnrje again. I will, indeed, Lydia. The beautiful lady, who seemed so good, will bring me to Crehylla, i£ I ask her." " Come back with me," cried Lydia, " and I will beg papa not to give you to Mr. Whalley." " Will he listen to you, Lydia ?" asked Alfred, in that patisnt voice of his, " Can you promise he will listen P" Lydia was silent, then Alfred kissed her and wiped ber tears. " You Bee, dear I must go," he said. " If Ih-.t bad man took me back to bia cruel house I ehould grow up wicked and untaught. I will not do that. I nm right in running away, 'Do not be afraid, Lydia, God will take care of me," " I will n t cry any more," answered Lydia, still clinging to his hand ; .' I will go with you." " No, that cannot be," be said. " If you say that; I'll stop here, and let Air. Whalley kill me, You would be wicked to run away, but I am not." Lydia thought over this question a moment, and seemed to see it6 justice, for her clasp upon his h.'ud was slowly, slowly relinquished, and she stepped back apace, leaving a little strip of turf batween them, which was soon to grow into miles and miles of sea and land. " You will como back ?" she said, in a sobbing voice, with her hands stretched out toward him " Alfred, you will come back ? Mind, it wus ruarnrua -my mamma, who ia in heaven-who said we wert' to be always friends."* " I'll come back," he answered. " I'll never forget her words, I have no one in the world to love but you, Lydia. I'll come back soon." They kissed once more, then parted j and soon the little strip of lurf grew to be a long vista in the park ; thîn, as little Alfred looked back for the last time, Bisd waved his hand, the white mists cnvered him, and he was gone. He seemed to vanish into night and darkness, and Lydia, feeling suddenly alone, fell upon the grass and sobbed aloud. Now for the first time, she began to be afraid, not for herself, but for that small, brave, forlorn figure which had wandered away lonely into the outer world and darkness. Lydia wept a long while-grief for her dead mo- ther mingled strangely with her grief at this part- ing. One reflection alone had joy and triumph in it; they had foiled Mr. Whalley, and that crueli wicked ogre was gone away baffled and raging. Another idea-the first which would have entered the saddened mind of experience-never came to these children at all. They never once questioned Lady Crehylls' sincerity-never wondered whether her proffer of friendship was but a vague, momen- tary, worthless, impulsive, or a true and thoughtful pledge, In perfect faith and trust they believed her, and took her literally at her word. And in this simple faith Alfred was gone forth on his lonely journey to walk to Penkivel. In the same childish spirit of belief Lydia thought of his reception there, and began to feel comforted. Creeping home at last between the trees, her lit- tle white figure startled the deer, and frightened many a hare and rabbit that ran across her feet. She got to the library unquestioned, and put her tiny chill lund within her father's ; then, leaning her face upon it, she cried herself asleep. #**#?# Afritid to follow the road, lest he should meet there the dreadful spectre of Mr. Whalley, Alfred chose a footpath which struck acrosB some fields, The mists, which had rolled along beneath the great trees of the park, lay upon the meadows only like faint clouds, and overhead the moon and the summer stars shone clearly. The sky had no dark- ness in it, for the light of lingering day still streaked the west in fleecy bars, while stars and moon seemed to look down through a thin giay veil upon the dewy earth. Flinging off the grief and sense of loneliness whicti clung cold about his childish heart, he reso- lutely set himself the task to walk ns far that Dight as his strength would let him. He knew that it would be wise to put as great a diatance as pos- sible between himself and Crehylla, for if Mr. Whalley looked for him, he would search round about tho castle. As he ant alone in his hiding-place, the boy had thought out all his plans. He would walk 'a long, long way, then seek for shelter at some poor cot- tage, and lie upon some rug or settle, or any place where they would let him sleep. In the morning he would rise up early, and going only a little way, he would hide in the woods, as he had done on leaving the school, and sleep through the heat of the day, and walk again at evening, when few people were on the road to see him ; and wherever there was a footpath, he would choose that r.-.tbor than the highway. Bread and milk he could get at the cottages, and'water from the brooks ; anc, perhaps, when he had gone a day's journey or so, it would bo Hate to ask some kindly farmer to give him a lilt in a wagon. Thus he thought to reach Penktvel in three or four days, at most ; and that he 'should find there a sure' haven he never doubtnd. But the poor boy had not taken into his reckon- ing hiB own great woariness and weakness. The ease, and luxury, and peace at Crehylls, bad lulled his mind ; but the rest had not been long enough to recruit bia body; so as he went patiently on through the hourt. of the night, each weary mile seemed longer, and at leußth his languid limbs would obey his will no longer. Then he thought he would rest at the first c ttage, and seek iv sleeping-place in some shed or barn ; but, looking all around him through this clear night, he perceived nowhere a friendly roof. The footpath had now brought him to a wood, whose lea'.y slopes ron down to the edge ot a small rapid river, dashing by with a pleasant murmur, j which tue still night brought distinctly to his eel. It wes evident, that until he had crossed this wood j he could not hope to find either farm or cottage. The path ran on beneath the trees, with here and there a break in the thick foliage, through which glistened the shining river in its noisy course. The chut! could scarcely trail hit. weary limbs when he crossed the style and entered the narrow footway winding along beneath ihe thick green foliage. Hera the light scarely penetrated, and the horrors of darkness came upon him, adding anxiety and terror to his fatigue. If he should fall into some lurking pit or shaft, who would rescue him ? He would lie there within that darkness, and die lingeringly, unsuccored, Or if he stepped on a sleeping Adder, who would save him? If he shrieked his very soul away, the poison working in his veins the'wbile, no creature would come to him here in this lonely spot, except, perhaps, the dreadful Whalley, who might be hunting for him even now. Thue his overwrought imagination conjured up scenes of terror to torment bim, and, above all, the idea of being pursued laid hold of his fevered mind with agonizing strength. The cruel Whalley lurked now in every bush, or stood behind each towering tree, or crouched in the weird shadows that sprang upon bim at every turn. Then there began to rise in his teeming brain a thousand memories of old stories which he had heard or read, of outlaw* hunted by blood-hounds, or of captive kings and princes escaping from their foes, and these surely had saved themselves by water. They had forded streams, or wading, followed the course af rivers, till their baffled pursuers had re- nounced the chase. Down among the trees the white river glistened and beckoned, calling to him with a rush and roar of waters to come hither and find safety ; and, as he stood irresolute, there sounded suddenly through the air the sharp, angry cry of a solitary hound, This decided him. It was not imagination now it was a real pursuit from which he was escaping, and his phantom fears fled at the thought, bringing a feverish energy in their stead. In this fear, for a time, his weakness vanished, and turning from the path, he ran with a frnntio strength through the thick bracken, through the prickly furze and the interlaced undergrowth of the deep wood, till on the brink of the river he paused exhausted, Again there rose up into the night that solitary cry of the angry bound, and in the agnoy ot feeling himself pursued, be plunged into the stream. Then it caught him in its strong current and whirled him onward. In his weakness the child's little fragile body was like a leaf upon the waters ; still the river was not deep, and in a moment he caught at a rock dividing the stream, and jtood there safe but breathless. The bundle tied upon his arm was secure still, and it had saved bim from a heavy bruise as the eddy flung him against the rock. Yet he was terribly exliBusted, and with fainting eyes he looked around for succor. Then upon the green liver-bank, with the moon shining down upon it, he saw a white cross glisten- ing like silver. At first he fancied it was a vision sent from heaven, and be believed that he wes dy- ing ; but as his heart beat high, and his gaze became intently fixed upon it, he saw the cross was cut deeply in the turf, and its shining whiteness was due to the gravel or rock beneath the soil, on which the moonlight fell with a silvery, trembling glitter. Still it seemed a miracle, and he was surely going to die, What could this exhaustion, this faintness be but death ? Well, if be could only reach the cross and die there, he would be happy. Every instant his feeble hold upon the rock grew weaker, and soon his trembling fingers must relax their grasp, and he would be thrown back into the waters, and carried down into their depths. Better strive to reach the shore while there was still some mensure of strength left in him, than die here drowned. Exerting all his strength and courage, he climbed to the top of the rock, and found the water shallow- er on the other side ; so, wading as he went, and resting here and there upon the great brown stones round which the eddies ran, he reached the shore, and fell upon the turf. The effort was over, and in the faintness of his exhaustion the thought that he was dying grew stronger upon his brain, But rising again to his knees, be crept toward the cross, laid bis hand upon it, and fell forward with closed eyes and senses shut up in darkness. 