LAYING THE FOUNDATION "STONE OF NO NEW ST. JOHN'S CHURCH,, FREMANTLE. From our own correspondent,. On Tuesday last, at 4 p.m., the foundation stone of this new edifice, was laid by His Lordship the Bishop of the Diocese He was assisted, by the Venerable Archdeacon, Brown, and the Reverends D. G. Watkins and F. Coghlan. The weather in the early part of the day was anything but promising for such a ceremony ; but about noon the threatening clouds dispersed, and gaily colored bunting was unfurled to as lovely an afternoon as could be desired. Precisely at four o'clock the clergy entered the church, followed by a large number of the congregation, and after a short service, the school children and their teachers and the members of the choir filed out of the old edifice into the space allotted for them round the foundation stone of the new. The incumbents Mr. Watkins, commenced the service, which was to all appearance attentively listened to by a large assembly of visitors both from the port and the city. His Lordship the Bishop afterwards gave a very edifying exhortation, de- monstrating that as we receive all our gifts and possessions from God, and therewith build substantial houses for ourselves, it was but right and proper we should build the best of houses to the glory of God's name, and for upholding his worship-more particu Early's, now that the West Australian Church was being disestablished. His Lordship having previously received the miniature silver trowel and polished mallet prepared for the occasion, laid the stone with all due to . reality. In a cavity under the stone, were placed copies of the W. A. Times, the Inquirer, and the Herald newspapers, also a piece of parchment bearing the following record : " In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The foundation stone of this edifice hereafter to be devoted to the service of Almighty God according to the doctrine and discipline of the Anglican Branch of the Catholic Church of Christ was laid by the Right Reverend Father in God, Henry Hutton by Divine permission Bishop of Perth, in the colony of Western Australia, on the 28th day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy nine, in the presence of many witnesses. Glory to God in the Highest." The arrangements of the clerk of the works had been so excellent that not the shadow of a hitch occurred to detract from the success of the ceremony. Even the foundation stone was bedded, levelled, and properly placed, in less time than I take to write it. His Lordship then expressed a wish to go round the compound, and view the whole of the foundations. A debtor and creditor statement was read out by Mr. Webster, one of the building committee and a vestry man, from which it certainly appeared that although the financial position at present appeared healthy, yet His Lordship's earnest appeal for further help was amply justified. Nor do I think the offerings placed on the stone at the close of the service, likely to relieve in any great measure the prospective wants of the very energetic building committee which the church has been fortunate enough to secure. Psalms and Hymns were sung on the ground to Mr. Clifton's harmonium accompaniment., after which the work of erection was resumed. (In point of fact, the amount of donations placed on the stone was £27 2s. 6d.) The foundation stone is laid at the right hand corner of the West, or main front of the building, facing Mr. D. B. Francisco's residence, this being the main entrance to the church. It was selected it seems in preference to the North-east corner-the usual custom and certainly seems more appropriate. I have seen the plans of the new church, which, with the accompanying documents, I understand, cost the committee of ways and means about £40. The plans (£25; was money I should think not very hardly earned by Mr. Wm. Smith, the London architect. As to the estimates and specifications, neither of which have I seen, I can say little further than that such documents coming from a London architect are an absurdity at the Antipodes, however appropriate they might be in England. A glance at the transverse section of the timber laid down in the roof will demonstrate this a once. It would be monstrous to carry out the quantities and sizes, which were evidently laid down for soft light wood, and not the strong heavy jarrah of Swan River. Some of our local builders-Mr. Harwood, for in- stance would have been a far more competent person to have instructed the committee on such points, and in all probability (having been originally one of the committee) would have gratuitously supplied particulars. I am somewhat pleased that the tender of a local contractor for the construction at £5,600 was declined, because I am fully ~ persuaded, had his tender been accepted, he would have been ruined by it " rump and stump. I am now confirmed in a previous opinion formed on less reliable data-the committee will be fortunate indeed if they complete the work in two years and for a less sum than £7000. The design of the new church was evidently meant for the ornamented Gothic, but large amount of borrowing' from other designs has been indulged in making it variegated and heterogeneous in a certain measure, perhaps not detrimental either externally or internally. The elevation of the South-east view is neither pleasing nor ornamental. In the skilful hands of the committee's Clerk of Works this may be toned down, and become more pleasing to the eye when built than it does on paper. As the naval architect critically eyes the contour and lines of a slovenly built craft, so can the casual observer detect something wrong, jumbled and ill-shaped in this South-east view. The plan of the South elevation shows the steeple and tracery work to better advantage, but fully exposes the hideous roof and the low deformity of the side walls, putting one much in mind of a man with a small body and an enormous head. As to the candle extinguisher shaped steeple -a style of finish quite in keeping with the design of the South-east view, and broad low set south elevation-I was under the impression that ages since this has been condemned by the savants of the profession. The steeple is out of place, and without having seen the ground plan-I should say it must be defective in foundation and support. It forcibly strikes one as standing on one leg instead of four, and right over the communion table foot The steeple would be far better in keeping with the building if removed to the West front ; but in this the committee should consult their Clerk of Works, who; t understand, is an experienced architect. It ought to be 40 feet higher to be in keeping with the size of the structure. From the East elevation we get a better view of the steeple, and the simple, neat, and unpretentious appearance the church was have from this point of view inspires one at once with the idea of a New England Quaker's meetings houses The West elevation, however is the best one we have of the whole building, and the incongruities of the design might be wonder- fully modified by bringing the steeple' round to this front, and adding 30 or 40 feet to its height. On this elevation plan, we have the transverse section opening up the altar niche, a large window and its really handsome tracery and the roof. Altogether, I should say that the church when completed will look well, as far only as, the inside view is concerned. The. building, I take it, will be about 120 feet in length, on the outside, and about 29 feet wide in the clear in the inside, the height from the floor to the centre of the springing anders of the roof being 36 feet. The timber work of the roof is somewhat complicated, and I consider the committee most fortunate in their selection of their manager and Clerk of Works. And if I live so long,* I am satisfied I shall see an edifice erected that will do more credit to Mr. Smith's design than it deserves, and possibly give the very acme of satisfaction to the committee. 