? LKQ1BLATIVK AS8EHBLT. is . , Tusenar. 2nd Daaanm. tuVifi;-/'- asked tbe hon. ttoOMescn^ {L.Jfi'i? onween eighty J* head n.t of HrTyMdWoiWe • * - ••-»• ^.^bty-fivamilass w*U w.hastSnobfceenfa ri I 1 ?"™ «»» I" S o i ^ 8 0 . he jahHfh toSefltWSSw- membS P,y ^ ^ ' ^ttons from the ^me hon. i^he cons ^ i ^ ^ S S ' b e ^ ~ for the pnrnnge, he will have wheat and other airrir.nltn-«l godnce conveyed right through to t L S o rd at nf^L ? D d ® F t Dcer BtrMt = "d (2) whether inatid tte ^ h ^ ^ ^ 6 "'® ° f M P° r ^ V ^ between ratatriJSw.?f P "" !Sr6t " 6tn P° nwh '* t «dother ^ort P nr l BK8 . he will allow it to .ff?T- W0 .v DS ir i 1 rei>,y - Baid this was a question afcoting the Hobson'e Bay Hallway eqoally with the GoyeiMMnt lines. Jt had hitheri Sen th^oli^ of the Goverament to interfere u Uttle as jxSsibto with the working of the Hohson's Bay line, 'matters there oarned on pretty much as Wpre the pro - pertywas acquired by the State. Tbe. issimilalion would go on gradually, »d he had just been in correspondence with Jttr BUdon of the Hobson's Bay line on the subject Every effort would be made to meetthe reqmremonts of the expert trade, if that trade increased to a large extent it would be necessary to adopt a system similar to that in (he United States and to provide special trucks with apparatus lor filling them with grain direct, without intermediate candling. Mr M'IKTYBS gave notice of his iotention. ThurwiBj7 -to -ask ths hon the Oommisslontr of Lands if he would If state why the Kamarooka tttus fo BBt bad been taken from under tbe control of the local .oreat board, and if it was his intention to throw open the said forest for selection. Mr OAOKSON gave notice that on the motion for the third rearnrg ef the Constitution Act Amendment BUI, he would move that tbe word "now "bo left -Jl? 1 visw of * inewtlng " this day three months." GFR BBTAH OXOGHLEN moved for leave to bring in a bill to authorise the extenfion of tie Carlsruhe anfl Dayletford railway. In reply to questions, it was explained that the bill provided for a change in the Bite for the Daylesf ord station. - The bill was read a first time, and ortered to be read a second time on Thursday. The Honse then went into committee for tbe further consideration of the Oonttitution Act Amendment Mr BEKHY said that he proposed to move a new olaube in place of clause 6. The new provition was as follows:—-lsotwithstanding the rejection of an annua! Appropriation bill orofaOonsolidatedBevenue BUI by the LegUlativj Council, and In the event of euoh'rej «tlon,' then, on theadoptlontiy the Legislative Assembly of any report from the committee of supply containing a resolution that any sum be panted o - Her £Sajesty, such sum shall become legally available for and applicable to the service or purpoBR mentioned in such resolution, and may be isined accordingly out of the consolidated revenue, anything in the 5&th; eeotion of the Constitution Aot to tie contrary notwithstanding. Provided always that the 'rejection' of any such hfll may be he'd to have taken pibce for tbe purposes of this eecli<m upon any such bill not having been passed by the Legislative Council within one month after its transmission from the Legislative Assembly, unless Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued " In proposing this claute, Mr Berry said he wished to make a few remarks. He might say in the first place that he had no doubt some hon. members would no*, conslctit it neceeary to embody « olaqte like this ia an act ol Parliam&^w Ue deeired to point out, however, that the want of such a clause had led to very great evil and inconvenience in this colony. This was no new qneettan. The claim embodied in this clause had been made by the Legislative Assembly almost from its first initiation It contained nothing aUo but what the Assembly had always contended for during the four deadlocks that hid occurred in this colony. Be himself fasd never varied from the opinion that our Constitution Act was intended to confer upon the Legislative AfS*mbly all the rights and privileges of the House of Commons, and this was all that was now contended for. He was turpriEed to find that the slightest differenoe should arise abont this clause in the Liberal rankstat fact, prior to 1855 he never heard a doubt expressed as to the interpretation of our Constitution Act in this reepecL The hon member then proceeded to read extracts from an article in the " Westminster Beview" in support of the powers embodied in the clause.- He also referred to the opinions on the same question enumerate! by Mr HiginbJtham, Mr Miohis, and other legal authorities. With sush a provision as this in existence, there would be no more d*ad locks; bat without it we might have another on: before another year was out that would be attended with equalinconvenienoe with its predecessors, and probably much more danger. He believed the provision to bs absolutely necessary if deadlocks were to be prevented. He contended that it contained nothing that was not within the four corners of the rights and privileges of the House of Common*, and lie thought t would be an insult to the Assembly to suppose that its own rights were anything lees. *i'he clause wonld only be required to be brought into operation for temporary purposes. 'Ibe hon. member concluded by again urging upon the Hoa-e the necessity of adopting the proposed provision in order to er core its undoubted right to the sole control of its financial legislation. Mr GIUJES oonteLded that the Bouse of Commons neither asserted nor exercised any suah claims as were asserted in this clause. This was clearly shown by the despatch of the Secretary of State of the 17th of August. Under the Imperial Government money was legally available on an Act of Parliament, and in that way alone. This clause would be used for permanent purposes,and not metely for temporary ones, and its effect would be similar to the action of presenting a loaded pistol at the head of tbe Legislative Council, and telling it to pais a bill, because it it refused to do so the Assembly would de without that Bouse altogether. Such a clause would be a serious blot upon the bill; but he had no fear that the. maa&ure; would be passed—not the ghost of a fear; and he was cf opinion that if the oountry bad the power to decide tbe question it would never oonsent to place the sole control of the public funds in the bf a alngle House, and give it power to vote away money without the slightest chew, and to do what it liked in reference to supply. FCLR BKYAK OXOGKLIX supported the clause on th ground that it manly formulated in express terms tbe flyipHng law and practice of the House of Commons In reference to matters ef finance. Mr CABBY denied the correctness of that assertion, and contended that the ••'*'•"» contained in the clause were opposed to the views of tir Michael Hides- Beach as laid down in that hon. gentleman's despatch: He then went on to refer to the details of the aotnal practiae of the Honse of Commons in the matter, whioh he urged by no means justified the claims now made on behalf of the Assembly While admitting that a remedy was required for the existing evils, and the desirability of some mode of pre venting deadlocks, he did not wish to claims asserted whioh could not be sustained, fie pointed out that in the event of a clause like this becoming law, enormous powers would tie placed in the hands of the Government of the day. The present Government would aot last for ever, asd Jt might be succeeded by one with a large majority at its back, who might csiry a hit) for the payment of that majority alone, and not of what that Government might choose to {tail an " unscrupulous Opposition." •'How," asked the has. member," could you prevent that?" An hon. member—Stonewall It, (Laughter.) Mr GABBY—Bat then we might have another ironhand. \- Me then 'proceeded Anther to refer to the danger of a system under which the axiom of "the gpoua to the rieta," might-so easily he carried into operation without check or hindrance. Mr iaiAK, in supporting the clause, said that the Upper Bouse, in rejecting not only money bills, but various meaau-ee of useful iegiilation upon which the country had set its heart, bad acted in a manner contrary to the very easence anl spirit of the British constitution. Xhh clause only olahned the powers of tbe House of Commons. (Mr Gillies—" And more.') Sot men, hut less; for no written constitution conic ITI.V. its claims so full as those of the unwritten parliamentary law of g^glmA The clause iftnud ooly tw Deed in such exceptional oases «that of the rejection of an appropriation bill, and per hap! ft wouli never nqnire to be used at ail. Ths pro vines cf the Coper House was cot to obrtrnct legtalation, bat to point out anything that It , thought was" wrong in the - measures of the Assembly, in order that such points might be reconsidered. If a veasure was' endorsed by tbe country, and again sent to the Council, it was tbe duty <a thai body to pass IL He proceeded further to defend the clause as necMsary fpr the prevention of doadloekaitnd the throwing out of appropriation bills for party poHtiral purposes. M* KBEI*BD opposed the clause for reasons ilmilar to those adduotd byprevioua speakers. Mr AinxEavr supported the cSaose. . . >BX fiiaCTEIC TUIOBAPH.1 L C. Midnight. Eir John CShanassy, Or Madden, and Messrs Dow.Gennscn, Oooper, Btarkelt, and Murray Smith opposed theoUuse. and Messrs Uibhaxdscm, Jfearson, and Tucker supported ft • l^r At ten isinntes past deven-lfce committee divided, frith the following result:—Ayes Bfi, noes £5. The following Is the division list:-— . _ - • • Ayes—Andrew, Barr. Bell, B«ry, .BMeoii, Bowm*n, D. Cameron, A T. Clark, ;W. M. dark, Cook, P.O. Da vise, D. M. Davies. Dixon, Fincham, Grant, Horttr ^ohiutone, Xangridge, Laurens, Longnjore, Maaon, Miram., O'Hea, O'Lcghteo, ffUasm Btee, Birfiartaon, Salnsbnry. L. L. bmith, Major Smith, F. it Bmyth,~Btorey. Tutor. Tyth«leigk, Woods. t K OM—Bajles,B«ct, Bird, KH-Oaomron, Carter Oasey. B. Clark (Bandhurst), B. CIark (Wimmera) Cooper, Dow. Jta^, Frasor, Gillies, Gravee, Harper, Snfafd.^mot, •EwsBdDjMikekaj Uadkay, Madden, Basiy,Bamsay.t gmesjit, Sharps, «ml&, WWiams, Mf.fflTOS, ,Zo£ " Pairs.—Far—Lalor, aaBosma-oat of the result was rsc«lv»d dsns htm the Ministerial heMhs^d wIth voci J^nadl power to can for «jMi(cae«a the rtjeoinsvA bkmtW tov fcflL ,.. A greet vjfcar siisued, acS the tUDwas then reportsfl tSxmmtiimniA. 