NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. It is stated that the great pedestrian, O'Leary, will visit Sydney during the International Ex- hibition. It is rumored that Sir Hercules Robinson will leave New Zealand for England next year, his health being In an unsatisfactory condition. The wooden court-house at Forbes has been presented gratis to the committee of the School of of the same town. It is said to be worth £600. The Mountain Maid Prospecting Claim struck remarkably rich stone in the drive in the bottom of the claim extending towards the boundary of Marshall, Bayley, and party's lease. Bourke is going ahead on the broad highway of civilisation and refinement, as paper table napkins are now in regular use in one hotel, and a barrel organ worked by a blaekfellow makes lively the bar of another. As the election of the new fellow of the Uni- versity draws near, considerable interest is begin- ning to be felt in the issue. We understand that Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G. ; Mr. A. Oliver, and Mr. P. A. Jennings are already candidate*. A bQl is prepared to lay before the Queensland Parliament, to provide for the Burrum railway by private capital. The capital of the company will be £100,000, one-half subscribed in England and the other in Kew South Wales and Queensland. We regret (says the Evening Neva) to have to state that in consequence of one or two of oar players having intimated that business afiairs will prevent their going to England, it is not probable that a team will at present be made op to visit the old country. At an influentiallv attended public meeting, held in the Town Hall, Mndgee, the Mayor in the chair, it was decided to take steps to have the Mndgee district properly represented at tbe International Exhibition. A urge and influential committee was appointed to can; out the arrange ments. William Ernest and James Cotton were charged at tbe Police Court, Menindie, with breaking into Mr. M'Vean's Bootra Station on tbe Paroo River, and stealing therefrom two horses, saddle, bridle, revolver, and sundry other articles. The prisoners were remanded for seven days. They had nothing to aay. Both are very young men. The outward Warialda coach capsized on the Stnd Inst, about a mile from Tamworth. The passengers, five in number, were thrown violently oat ana severely shaken,tbe coach being slightly Injured. The driver, Wilkinson, escaped unhurt, and great praise is dae to him for the plucky wanner in which he managed the hone*, thus preventing a more serious accident. In the Queensland Assembly, a general debate ensued on a motion for adjournment. Replying to remarks regarding the recent dismissals of men from the Ipswich and Rockhampton railway workshops, the Premier and Minister of Works stated that the Government would be compelled to undertake a mat deal more catting down among high and low. Among the many correspondents on the metropolitan railway question, one expresses bis inability to understand why country members should be so opposed to an undertalung to give relief to the overcrowded and rack-rented condi- • tion of the citizens, who have to live in an atmosphere reeking with moral and physical con tagion. M Aj showing how the whaling trade of Hobart Town has fallen off, the returns just published/ states the Mercury, "show that while in 1869 then were 18 Tasmanian vessels employed in whaling, which brought in oil of the value of neatly £60.000, last year there were only 11 vessels employed, and they only succeeded in bring ing into port oil to the value of £16,920. The first court of inquiry under the new regulations was held last week at Burrows before Commissioner Clarke. The list comprised 94 cases, of which 60 were disposed of, and in only one instance did the Commissioner find the evidence contrary to the declaration. Sotoe cases showed improvements to the extent of £0 per •en. The new courts are highly approved by bona fideselectors. "Processor Pepper," the Home Newi states, "has accepted an engagement in the Australian colonies, for tbe purpose of showing tbe inhabitants of the Antipodes a new mystical illusion that he has just perfected, and which he says will rival in popularity bis famous < Ghost.' At tbe • request of tbe directors of tbe Royal Polytechnic, Professor Pepper has promised before leaving England to devote one week to showing his in vention at tho Polytechnic Institution." According to the Blue Bock of Tasmania, just issued, the estimated population of the colony on 31st December, 1877 (states the Hobart Town Mercury) was 107,104. In 1878, the increase by excess of births over deaths was 1802, and by excess of immigration over emigration 1041, making the estimated population on December 31st, 1878,109,947. This shows an increase at the end of the year of 2843. The number of males in the colony is 58,036, and of females ,61,911. The bridge and earthworks at Tallywalka, whioh have just been completed, and to which reference was recently made, according to'the .Ha;/ Standard, have cost £10,000. The embankments ai» chains long, And the width of roadway is 16 fee^ Then are 696 feet of bridges, and about 32,000 feet of earthwork, making an excellent road. At Booligal, over tbe creeks, there are 930 feet of bridges, and au embankment of about 31 miles in lenjrtb, containing about £9,000 yards or earthwork. Toe cost of this work has been, inclusive of bridges, £8000. leera that tbe companies of the uvmUitary force tfp'Mfr nearly all up to their follatn&gtb;, and tuft thatt an on the rolls lome 1350 men out of 1710, the total number provided for. Under tbe new ^gulations about 126 men have been struck off fn non-compliance with the conditions regarding recruit drill er parade, the defaulters in thbrSpect having been fcnndprincipally among the town corpe. Enlistment, we aretold, is proceeding alowl/but steadily, and it is expected Werelcrag the whole force will be op to its full standard. At the last monthly meeting of the Newcastle Coal Company's miners, the late conference and subsequent aggregate meeting on tbe subject of tbe Lambton difficulty came in for a good share of adverse comment, tbe general opinion being that the affair was a complete failure, and that matters are left in a worse condition than they were before. It was stated that if the vend scheme was not drawn for the benefit of the Wallsend and co-operative collieries it had certainly done those more good than any other. Auriferous ground has been discovered at the Nacka Nacka Creek, about six miles from Adelong. A party of miners pegged out a prospecting area on quartz; the specimens show gold freely. They have sank about 6ft., and come upon a leader 3in. tbick. The ground has also been tried by other parties, and two areas of 460 feet each, Nos. 1 and 2, have l>een pegged out west, and another No. I east The stone has been tested, and is considered payable. Some claims recently taken op on Donkey Hill and Gibraltar Rill are likely to turn oat payable. Taking mining on the whole, it shows an improvement. There appears (says the Wagga Adcertuer) to be some dissatisfaction amongst tbe farmers of tbe district on account of there not teing provision made for them at the annual meeting of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral Association, and there is some talk of going in for an association of their own. It may not yet be too late for the committee of the present association to make a class for agriculture in their programme and rules. We are of opinion that there should not be two separate societies, as the interests of each are identical, and it would be far better to have one good show than a couple of poor ones—not to speak of the illfeeling that is likely to be engendered by two rival societies which are almost equally essential to both squatter and farmer. Most sane men, especially those who are the fathers of daughters, will (says a writer in the Ccwrier) unhesitatingly endorse the remarks made by Sir Henry Parkes in the Assembly on Tuesday, in reply to tbe question put by Mr. Hangerford anent the prisoners condemned to death for ape. Quoth tne Premier inter alia :—" Human ire is not the most valuable thing in the world. I say that the honor of a woman, the honor of our virgins, is infinitely above human life." For the credit of the House loud cries of "hear, hear" endorsed the utterance, and I should be much mistaken if the namby-pambyists did not find themselves in a minority were the colony to be polled on the decision of the Executive tn re the unhappy young men who are cast hit the gallows. The Marine Board has issued three additional harbor regulations, to be observed at boat noes rowed on any of the navigable waters wilhin its jurisdiction. These regulations are as follows :— 1\. A clear mid-channel track of not less than 300 feet wide is to be preserved along tbe entire length of tbe course. 2. Only two steamers will be permitted to follow any race, vie., one authorised by the Marine Board to convey the members of the press, tbe other to carry the umpire. 3. Masters of steamers who commit a breach of these regulations will be deemed guilty of misconduct, and, in addition to the fine hereinafter imposec. be liable to have their certificates cancelled or suspended. Any person committing a breach of any of these regulations will be liable to a penalty not exceeding £10. The Burrangong Chronicle has the following : We seem to be at present in a cycle of ruffianism. Some blackguard or blackguards have been lately writing scandalous and obscene letters to husbands about their wives, and wives about their husbands. The communications are, of course, anonymous; such villiany loves darkness. We need not enlarge upon the eaormity of an out like this, nor the lasting domestic misery whicl it may cause, for these considerations, although of weight with right thinking people, would have but little influence in deterring the perpetrators of such foul acts from the gratification of their purpose. We can only hope that, if more than one person is concerned in these offences against society, the time will comb when the rogues will Ml out, and honest people be thus enabled to detect them and mete out to them the severe pun ishment they deserve. A deputation, uwuuung consisting ui of anessrs. Messrs. Douglas, uougias, Lusoombe, Buchanan, and Coo; Cooper, waited upon the Colonial Secret! etary on the 23rd inst., in tho interests of the wor] orking w classes of this colony, to urge upon the Government the necessity for^ai'n introducing this session a bill to restrict Chinese immigration into New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes, after discussing the matter with the deputation in a conversational manner, gave them i-o understand that at this late period of the session it could hardly be expected that the bill should be re-introduced. With regard to next session he reminded them that if there had been one thing more than another which ho had kept always before him in every stop of his public life, at all times, and under all circumstances, it was that the character of this community should be thoroughly and entirely British. Surely the deputation could draw their own inference from that. The members of tbe deputation Sir Henry for. his reply to them, and the interview terminated. From a gentleman who has just returned from visit to the new rush at Cooyal, we learn that Nowlan and party are the prospectors, the depth of their shaft being 16 feet, The wash dirt is 9 inches , thick, with a width of, as uu far w an w, at present Three or four oaohaiaeof the « are alio on gold. disoovery faai iu made on Government , — , -- , „ a «of ^John*s»^c^and near to Mr. 8. i HackmaiA freeholdjsiperty. WeiaLnJeanthat ] Mr. Blackman wiU throw open his ground£«on j as gold has beenfaaced m> tothe fence. Nowlan has been prospecting in&e; vicinity fori months previous to rtrikmg Wablegold, and every person will wish that tte discwwy may prove a remunerative one to him. Some 100 people are already on the ground, which is about 13 miles distant from Mudgee, over a good load, and at present the prospects of the rush are very good. A return called for by Mr. M'Elhone showing the amount of monev pud out of the Church anc School Land Fond to each of tbe Roman Catholic Bishops of this colony, from the year 1870 up to the end of the year 1878, together with copies of the schedules, or returns, showing how the money " has been laid before Parliament The following are the disbursements for each year —1870, £1024 Is. 7d.; 1871, £583 18s. 2d. 1872, £1022 14s. lOd.; 1873, £1076 7s. 10d. 1874, Right Rev. Bishop CMahpny, £255 9s. 4d. Right Rev. W. L&nigan;, towardsthe erection of church at Albury, £1000; Most Rev. R. I Vaugban, towards erection of church at Kiama, £1000; 1875, £2972 6s. 4d.; 1676, £1110 14s. lOd.; 1877, £1050 0s. 7d.; 1678, £2265 13s. Tbe total disbursements for the nine years was £13,361 6s. 6d. These sums were expended by the Bifbops in the erection of churchc, presbv teries, schools, and convents, plans of appropria tion having in each case been submitted by tbe Bishop receiving the money, and approved by the Executive Council The Echo says:—"A gentleman recently arrived from the United States brings some in formation concerning tbe mode of life of Gardi ner, a " former ruffian of the road," whose career in New South Wales during the height of the bushnnging period 15 years ago caused consternation in the various localities to which he devoted his attention. Gardiner, after getting free from the healthful but monotonous restraint of Darlinghurst, made his way to San Francisco, where for a time he drove a roaring trade as a boniface. Subsequently, when the oft- repeated tale of bushranging exploits became rather stale, business rapidly declined, and the quondam bushranger was soou reduced to a very low ebb Jinan cially and morally. Making his way to New York, he found that he had merely jumped out of the Dying-pan into the fire, and after being reduced to a state of destitution accepted a billet at a third-rate hotel, where, at latest advices, he occupied the position of "boots"' and general utility. As will be remembered, for some time past the idea of improving the lighting of our railway carriages has occupied tbe attention of the authorities ; but, though many experiments have been made, for one reason or another, the old oil lam] has been resolutely adhered to. It cannot be aai< that onr railway authorities have been singular in keeping to the old style of things in this particular, because the lighting of railway carriages with gu is far from being universally adopted in much older communities than ours. The main difficulty to get over has been the adoption of some plan whereby the supply was so far regulated that as the receiver emptied itself no extra pressure would be required to cause the light to maintain a uniform brilliancy. Mr. Castner, who has for a long time been experimenting as to the best mode of supplying gas to the railway carriage lamps in place ol oil, h?s at length so far completed his arrangements that he has succeeded in supplying sufficient gas to keep three burners employed in the sleeping cars running between Sydney and Wagga Wasga; and, satisfied with bis success, now undertakes to light the carriages on the suburban line. — Among tbe list of passengers by the incoming mail we notice the name of Professor Liversidge, who returns to the colony after an absence of a little more than twelve months. His time in Europe has been devoted almost exclusively to the service of the various public and. scientific bodies with which he is connected; and we believe the Royal Society, the University, the Australian Museum, the Paris Commission, and the Department of Mines are indebted to htm for important services. Arriving in Paris before ler the secretary or the Executive Commissioner, Professor Liversidge was in a position to advise his fellow Commissioners there (Mr. Montefiore and M. Sentis) of the requirements of New South Wales at the Exhibition, and to give more definite shape to their endeavors. The duty of arranging the mineral exhibits fell wholly upon Professor Liversidge, and the work was made more onerous from the fact that the esse containing the lists, labels, and all the detailed information respecting these exhibits was delayed on the French railways. He had thus to depend upon his own scientific knowledge to enable him to classify these exhibits, but this and other duties connected with the Exhibition he performed with patient care and marked success. A Bathurst correspondent writes :—The news that the Executive had decided to carry out the dread sentence of the law in the case of the young man Wilkinson and the boy Metcalfe was received hen with mingled feelings of astonishment and disgust Tbe local papers are very emphatic on the subject, and a general expression of gratitude is evinced towards the proprietary of the Evening News for awakening a cry for mercy on behalf of the two unfortunates, People point to the case of the aboriginal, John Simon, now fulfilling a life sentence within the walls of Darlinghurst In this case, the culprit committed a rape near Dubbo under horrible features of violence, almost breaking the arin of the victim in his efforts to accomplish the horrible crime. Vet this man received a reprieve, and the two misguided youeg men are to lose their life for a crime committed under more mitigating circumstances. The Premier has, by his action in the matter) oaulea the vibration of a chord whioh speaks in no measured or unmeaning strain. Hie knightly monument of harshness could find it in his heart to forgive the notorious outlaw, Gardiner, and vet consents to the judicial murder of abov. How he reconciles the two decisions is a quettion which may probably be asked him from the hustings at some future period of his life. A public meeting has been convened, and already upwards of 300 signatures have been attached to tbe petition, praying for a mitigation of the death penalty. The City Coroner in Sydney a few days since held an inquest concerning the death of a wellknown squatter in Queensland, named Henry Eable, who was found dead in his bed at the American Restaurant in Erskine-etreet. There was no evidence as to identity except that certain papera found on him and statements made to various parties conclusively led the jury to find that deceased's name was Henry Kable. Mr. John Coleman, manager of the reetaunnt, William John Colban, cab-driver, and James Maher, a waiter, swore that deceased was only known to them by the name of Jim. According to statements made by deceased to various persons, it appeared that he had been a squatter and had been ruined by tbe depreciation of pastoral properties 6ome fiveor six yean ago. He had then engaged in mining pursuits, and was well known in the Rockhampton district. He then went to Brisbane, where be failed to obtain remunerative employment. He came to Sydney, intending to better bis fortunes, but was unsuccessful. Ten weeks ago he lodged at the American Restaurant, where he always kept his board and residence regularly paid up. He was a man of yerv temperate habits, and never seen under the influence of drink. On Wednesday he was beard by a fellow-lodger to be snoring loudly, and at 6 o'clock in the mornin gbe was found dead in bis bed. In his pockets were found £2 in notes, end some silver, also a Joint Stock Bank hook. He bad opened an account in the bank in January last. Dr. H. G. A. Wright deposed that the cause of death was syncope, or a failure of the heart's action. The jury found accordingly. Dunedin contemplates the adoption of a fresh mode of disposing of the city's sewage. The following letter was read at the last meeting of the City Couucil, from Mr. W. G. Jenkins, in reply to i> quiries on tbe subject:— 1 "The following extract of a letter just received from Messrs. W. Simons and Co., engineers, Renfrew, I take the privilege of placing before the Council, believing it may tend to throw some light on the vexed question of the city refuse and sewage (including night-soil):—' We have contracted with the Corporation of Liverpool for a screw sewage steamer (the first of a fleet)to take the city sewage thirty miles out to sea.' This plan being the outcome of the experience of such a large city as Liverpool, it is wortny of note by other city corporations. As a suggestion as regards the city of Dunedin, I would remark that in order to prevent the pollution of the harbour and the silting tip of the same; also effectually disposing of the debrit and eewage of the city—that if the plan of connecting the present sewers of the city with two receiving bubs supplied with outer galea was adopted, a dredge steamer could enter at high water and In two hours could fill herself with several hundred tons, and steam out to sea at projected at Liverpool, the gates being immediately ehut on the exit of the steamer. For the means of forming a correct judgment on the matter, I herewith forward the accompanying photos, and reliable printed matter on the subject, with tbe experience of the Greenock Harbor Engineer." Daring the hearing of an application for a protection order and custody of children, heard before Mr. Ward, police magistrate, at Toxton, New Zealand, at a recent sitting, some facte (says the JPanawatu Times) were elicited which, were they not substantiated upon oath, would certainly be worthy of but small credence. A woman, named Eosanna Bond, living at Bulls, applied for a protection order, and to have the custody of her two children—one a baby aged 22 years, the seoond being 10. In support of so singular an application, and in explanation of tbe somewhat paradoxical appellation of " baby" bestowed upon an ^"l 4 , of 22. it was sworn in evidence that the "child"badnever, from the time of birth, increased one inch in stature, or an iota in maturity. Notwithstanding the number of yeara which had passed over the head of the sought-for ward, it appeared that it had to be carried about in arms, can neither speak nor recognize any one, ana required to be spoon-fed like a newly-born baby. During the hearing of the case it transpired that while neither bodily nor mental development had occuircd the usual facial change in conformity with the number of years had taken place, so that to the beholder there appeared a woman's bead upon an infant's body. The father and mother DUB seemed the circumstances the Court made' aii order that uT CU8t^y 4 Qrin 8 lifetime of the infancy ? on 