PROFESSOR PEPPER. o The announcement that Professor Popper's wonderful illusion, called "The b Modern Metemupsychosis," would begiven - at St. George's Hall on Saturday night, had, says the Arguts, the effect of crowd- j ing the hall to its utmost limit withati in terested and erpectant audience. On the curtain being drawn up the stage was seen T to be arranged in a somewhat different th form from what it has been on previous n, occasions. A semi-circle, taking in about tI half the stage, was enclosed by hangings, in the centre of which was a recess ex. tending back meion distance. When the curtain was raised, Professor Pepper's 0on apologised for his father's absence, nt apology that was taken by many to be seriously meant. Presently, however, b the Professor was seen in the recess, hav ing come there no one knew how. After giving a short history of the celebrated " Ghost," Professor Pepper proposed to give a specimen of the way the discovery could be utilised for theatrical perform- r aices, such as the ghost scene in " Mac both." He commenced by reciting the speech of Macbeth when the ghost of the murdered Banquo appears; and there seemed to grow out of nothing in the re cess the figure of a man seated on achair. As the recitation proceeded, the figure rose and advanced to the front of the siage,thot graduallyreturned to the chair, till, at the words, " Hence, horribilo shadow, unrealuiockery, hence,"tthe figure scetted to fade into air, leaving the chair where it was before. The illusion was a perfect one, and the audienco was no thtorttghtly tmyotitied Chat for notie smt teents they could hardly believe the evi deuce of their own eyes. This remarkably skilful iltusion elicited enthosiastic ap plause from the audience. The exhibition of the portrait limner followed, in which a sketch of a head was done in bright lines on a large screen. The portraits of Lord Beaconsfield and Mr Grahiamt Berry were given, and at once recgnisnd. Portraits of Sir Chas. Wheatstone, Sir David trew ster, and Michael Faraday were also thrown on tue screen, but those were frett photographs. The oxyhydrogen mi croscope tv"tn exhibited for the first time, and proved a very successful and interest inig entertainment. Various objects were exhibited, but the most attractive to the audience were the live water insects. One waterhbeetle, whose image on the screen wat fully 14ft ling, was so violent in his actions that one could easily under stand the fear of the oid Scotehwtioan that the beasts would break out of the owater and do some mischief. Trhe conclud ing portion of the entertattinent was a 1 fresh illusion. In the recess already mten i tined a tsmall stand ions placed, and on i this a loaf of bread was changed into a s terra cotta but; a second seuceeded, and then followed a model of Cleopatra's r Needle. Oranges were placed in a basket tnd chitutited into tins of marmalade. One " of the attendants then took his stand in t the recess, and before the eyesnof the audi ietce, but htw, it is impossible to say, he e seteed to gradually change into a young lady, elio sang a verse of " Sing, seet ir bird," and was no other than Miss Alice r, Wooldridge. Professor Pepper then led Miss Wooldridge forward, and to show she was not a gloat soh sang the accond verso of the song, whon the Professor lad her back, and in the nauou mysterious fashion as Banquo'u ghioutu disappeared they failed ouit of night. Ihin illusiun was receivod with imnst enthusiastic applause. 