SOCIAL. The weather has been very disagreeable all the month. We have either been baked by the intense heat, or drenched by sudden rainstorms, the latter, however, not lasting long enough to be permanently beneficial in their effects. It has been a hard time for agriculturists and pastoralists, for the country has been swept by bush fires, and in addition to the enormous destruction of cattle, sheep, crops, and grass thereby oc- casioned, many struggling farmers and selectors have been absolutely ruined, and water has so completely vanished that in many districts miles have to be traversed to obtain the precious fluid for man and beast. We give below an idea of the damage done in this district by the fires, and when we add that many parts of the colony have suffered much more by them, an idea of the devastation caused may be formed. The now notorious Kelly gang are still at liberty, and despite newspaper and public indignation, and the exertions of the police, continue to bid defiance to the authorities. Humiliating as the confession is, it must be admitted that it is almost too incredible for belief that four men with blood on their hands could for months defy hundreds, and not only defy them but commit fresh out- rages with impunity ; and yet, nevertheless, this is the story which Victoria has to tell. While we were hugging the delusion that the gang were caged in the Strathbogie ranges, and were certain to be caught if they ventured out of them, we were startled by the intelligence that on the 8th inst. they had made their appearance in New South Wales. It would appear that having crossed the Murray without the knowledge of the Victorian police, they rode straight for Jerilderie, a town on the Billabong Creek, about 80 miles across the border, and arrived there on the date mentioned. Jerilderie is a township with a telegraph station, a court- house, a lock-up, several hotels, and also a branch of the Bank of New South Wales, and has about 200 inhabitants. The plunder of the bank was the object of the visit, and the gang went systematically to work. They stuck up the two policemen who were in charge of the place, and confined them in their own lock-up until the 10th inst., when they visited the telegraph office, covered the clerks with their revolvers, made them cut the wires, and then marched them off to the lock-up also. The bank was easily sur- prised, the manager, Mr Tarleton, being caught in his bath. He and his two clerks were ordered to proceed to the Royal Hotel, where a number of the townspeople were in- carcerated. The bank was ransacked. Up- wards of £2000 is said to have been stolen, and many valuable deeds were destroyed. For the remainder of the afternoon the gang was in undisputed possession of the town- ship. They made some of the inhabitants cut down seven or eight of the telegraph poles, and so they effectually interrupted communication. The Kellys were last seen in the township at 4 o’clock. Mr J. D. Jefferson, the operator in charge, was libe- rated by the policeman’s wife at 7 o’clock, and he commenced at once to repair the injured line, and by 11 o’clock the news was known in Melbourne. This daring exploit caused a thrill of conster- nation to run through both colonies, and aroused the Governments to the necessity of at once taking vigorous measures to annihi- late the reckless gang. Instead of the £2500 previously offered for their capture or death, £8000 is now on their heads, the Victorian Government having increased its reward to £4000, and a similar amount being offered by New South Wales. It is intended that the provisions of the Outlawry Act shall be made to have equal force in New South Wales and Victoria, and freedom is to be given to the troopers of both colonies to cross the borders at pleasure. It would, therefore, seem certain that ere long the desperadoes will be either captured or shot down. An awful catastrophe happened.in the Cape Otway f«»rest, about eight miles from Colac, on the 6th inst. A hush fire broke out and Bwept rapidly over the country, taking in its way two selections occupied by men named Standley and Turnbull. The former, a single man, warned the latter, who had a wife and five children, to make for a waterhole close by ; Rut while all were en deavoring to escape the advancing flames they were overtaken by them. Standley, Turnbull, and two children, were subsequently found by rescue parties near the waterhole, dread- i fully burnt; Mrs Turnbull and three chil- i dreb having failed to escape the fire. Early next morniog one of the rescued children died, and the father shortly afterwards sue- I combed. Standley is still in a' precarious condition, and the only surviving child of the Tnrnbull family has not yet recovered. A (ire.occurred at the Bteakwater on the 25th ult. and consumed a wooden house fiat was insured for £130. 0" the 27th a fire started at Ifewtowu, but only £4 worth of damage was done before it was subdued. On the 1st inst.; a kitchen attached to the residence of a Mr Welsh, in Geelong West, -was partially consumed^by fire. On the 4th instant two fires occurred—one at Kobinson and Cullen's saleyards,' Byrie-street, by which a range of stables was destroyed; and the other at the rear of the London Hotel, by which some trifling, damage was done. On the 2nd inst. .£1000 worth of wheat, oats, hay, etc., in "stacks, was de stroyed by fire on the farm of Mr John Allen, at Moolap, and the authorities are still investigating the matter," as it is sup posed to have been a case of incendiarism. On the 4th inst. large bush fires broke out along the route of the Geelong and QueensclifTe railway,'- by which nearly £700 worth of. crops and fencing was destroyed ; the fires continued the next day and spread over the adjoining country, -consuming several hundreds of pounds worth of grass, etc., in their course. On the 6th inst. an extensive fire swept through the Cape Otway Forest, aud the coach from Lome to Witiehelsca had to pass through the flame3 to escape from the bush ; the driver aud horses-were scorched, but the passengers escaped unharmed. On the same date^a portion of the Western Cemetery was overrun by fire, the damage done being esti mated at £100. A small fire occurred at Sergeant Swale's residence on the 15th inst., by which about £20 worth of damage was occasioned. On the 18th inst. a stack of hay, valued at £4, belonging to Mr Gray, of Kildare, was destroyed by fire." ' - Mrs Elizabeth Gilbert, a widow who re sided- witn her son and daughter .at Hesse, was found drowned in a task on the" 24th alt. A carter named Joseph Cozens was driving a load of grain into Camperdown on the 29th ult., When the horses suddenly swerved, and he fell under the wheels, which passed over and broke both his legs ; he died oh the following day. A man, Dame unknown, was drowned in a waterhole near Camperdown on the 10th inst., whilst bath ing. On; the same evening a lad named Philip Howling, aged 14 years, was riding a pony along the Colac Common, and took refuge' from a storm under a tree, which, however, was struck by lightning, the elec tric fluid also striking the lad and his pony, and killing both. On the 18th inst., as the steamer Alert was leaving Melbourne oh her, daily trip to Geelong, a huge,block of Kauri pine which' was being hoisted on hoard broke the tackling and fell on the deck, crushing a seaman named Law and killing him instan taneously ; another man named Bcurke was also struck and had his leg broken. The man Charles Trerobath who at tempted to drown himself in Corio Bay in the early part of January. was ordered to be sent to the Kew Lunatic Asylum on- tbe29th ult. A strange accident occurred to Mr Wm Seivers, of St. Leonard's, on the 15th inst He was returning from Geelong when, afte crossing the railway line at Lake Lorne, ai explosion took place in the two-horse con veyance he was driving. He had abou 14 lbs of gunpowder with him under th seat ho was sitting on, which exploded blowing away half the seat and part of th cushion, the piece he "was sitting on remain ing whole, also the sides and part of th bottom of the trap. Mr Seivers miracul onsly escaped with a burn on his leg, an having his whiskers singed off his face, i Chinaman who was iu the conveyanc escaped unhurt; so did the horses. Thi conveyance took fire, but the flame3 wer soon extinguished. / The foundation-stone of the Melbourn International Exhibition building, whie will be opened in 1SS0, was laid on the 191 inst. by His Excellency Sir G. F. Bowe: The ^ceremony - was witnessed by aboi 20,000 persons, and the utmost enthnsias was manifested by all in the proceeding A n address was presented to His Excellent by Mr W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., the Preside] of the Exhibition Commission, on behalf that body, and Sir-* George Bowen made happy and eloquent response. In the eve ing Mr Clarke invited about 500 gentlemi to a banquet at the Town Hall to celebra the event of the day, and so with mn< pomp and ceremony was our ambitioi undertaking fairly started, and our positii asserted a3 a nation amongst the nations. The summer meeting of the Geelong Raeing.Club was held on the 30th ~ult. and the 1st inst. The attendance was good, the raring first-class, and the meeting altogether resulted very successfully. The following were the results " of the contests :—First Day—Hurdle Race, Abdallah 1, Dutchman 2 ; Trial Stakes, Monarque 1, Terrific 2 ; Gold Cup,' Lord Harry 1, Tom Kirk 2; Sires' Produce Stakes, His Grace 1, Petrea 2 ;Connewarre Plate, Tocal 1, Whirligig 2 ; Grand Stand Stakes, Menarque 1, Nina 2. Second Day—Barwon Stakes, Terrific 1, Queen Bee 2; Stewards' Purse, Nina 1, Tocal 2 ; Mares' Produce Stakes,- Nerissa 1, . Warlock 2; Geelong Handicap, Lord Harry 1, " Zambesi 2; Handicap Steeplechase, Sarchedon 1, Red Iron 2 ; Selling Stakes, Blazes 1, Whirligig 2. Mr James Wilson, of St. Albans, held his second annual sale of yearlings on the 31st ult. Six animals were offered, and they realised 2015 guineas, or an average price each of £352 12a 6d. : • The firet contest of any interest in the cricketing" field that we have to notice is one that was played at Sydney between Lord Harris' English Eleven and a" New South Wales Eleven, on the 24tb, 25th, 27th, and 28th nit. The latter team played without Spnfforth, whose wrist waB sprained, but they nevertheless won the game easily, the .scores being—Englishmen—First innings, 248 ; se cond innings, 217 ; total, 465. New South Wales—Firstiimings, 240; second innings, 226 (with five wickets to fall); total, 466. The return match was played on the 7th, 8th, and 10th inst. The scores, were—English men—First innings, 267. ■ New South Wales—First innings, 177 ; second innings, 49; total, 226 ; the English team thus win ning by 41 runs, with an. innings to. spare. A decision of the umpire for the Englishmen on the second day caused some dissatisfac tion, and the mob rnshed the ground ; and this unfortunate occurrence," no doubt, de prived the match of any further interest for the local players, who evidently finished the second innings in a very formal fashion. • ' We have had a fair share of amusements during the month. On the 24th and 25th ult. Miss Rosina Carandini, supported by Mdlle. Olga Dnhoin, Miss Alice Wooldridge, Signor Ortori, and Mr Elton Glover, gave two concerts at. the Mechanics' Institute, which were excellently attended. Mr J. J. Wallace, supported by a powerful company, opened a^short season on,the 27th ult., at the Mechanics', and played to good houses for.four nights, the pieces produced being "The Colleen.Bawn," "The-Irish Exile," "Bertha, the Seiviug "Machine Girl," and "Pink Dominoes." St. Leon's Circus at tracted crowded attendances nightly for a week, commencing on the 27th ult. The Duvalli Sisters gave a performance on the 31st ult.," but it was not a success. On the 4th inst a grand concert was given here by Signor Cescbina (contra-basso), Signor Ortori (violinist),-JJiss Amy Stone (the Australian prima donna), and Signor Paladmi (tenor). Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghost entertaiument was given : here for the first time on the 14th inst., and it is still running and attracting large houses. < The following new insolvency schedules have been filed during the month :—Patrick M'Donald, merchant, trading as P. M'Do oald and Co., Ivyrie-streot, Geelong. Causes of insolvency—Continued heavy losses in business, and stoppage of credit by the Loudon Chartered Bank of Australia. Lia bilities, £81,493 18s 7<1; assets, £67,470 12s Id ; deficiency, £14,023 6s 6il. . John Wren, laborer, of St. Albans. ...Causes of insol vency—Sickness in family and nressure of creditors. Liabilities. £62 10s lid ; assets, £3 ; .deficiency, £59 10s lid.' Charles Thomas Harris, brewer, of Colac. Causes of insolvency—Inability to work_from a severe accident, deaths and sickness in family, and pressure of creditors. Liabilities, £1235 ; assets, £75 ; deficiency, £1160. Thomas Kemp, Colac, horse-breaker. Causes of insolvency—Being unabletowork forabout four mouths, on account of-an accident, and illness.in family. Liabilities, £113 lis-2d'; assets,. £9 15s; deficiency, £103 16s -2d. Thomas Kervin,-Larpent, laborer. Causes of insolvency—Sickness in familv and pres sure of creditors. Liabilities, £81 9s 8d; assets, £3; deficiency, £78 9s Sd. Samnel Bamford, laborer, Colac. Causes of insol vency—Pressure of creditors, and inability to obtain avork. Liabilities, £58 14s 7d ; assets, £10 ; deficiency, £48 14s 7d. John Johnson, sawmill proprietor, Colac. Causes of insolvency—Bad debts, losses by death of stock, and falling off in business. Lia bilities, £282 12s 6d; assets, £102; defi ciency, £180 12s 6d. Messrs J. Noble and Co., grocers, of Geelong, have assigned their estate for the benefit of their creditors, the liabilities being about £2000. 