THE SYDNEY EXHIBITION. fFrom our own Correspondent.] AUT liALUSHY— UKlTIStl CUUKT. Svdney, Xovember 24. Continuing our remarks on the British pic tures, we note some of the more striking, and shall have to leave several to some compendious as not being particularly deserving of attention. This remark may perhaps surprise readers at a distance after all the high expectations and loud boasts tbat have been indulged ancat the art portion of the Exhibition. And yet it ia quite correct to observe that despite this qualification the effect produced by the whole is striking; and, if we may judge of its merits by the high euloginms that drop from tbe lips of the visitors that come to admire them, then this part of the Show has a high value. ?* On the Housetops' is by A. Klmore, 11JL, and is intended to illiihtrate the well-known pjujsagc, 'That which is bpokeu in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops.' The general view is tbn.t of an Algerian city as it appear* from the roof of the bouse that stands iu the foreground. The out look has the fascination which comes from the transference to cnnv&s; of tbe characteristics of Oriental life. Mowjue and dwelling open up before you with a brightness and » strangeness thp.t invite attention; wbile all is made nddi tioually attractive by the human interest that is thrown into it. In the foreground an Eastern woman, draped in tbe rich colours of which they are so fond, is calling attention byclappiug her hands to some announcement she is desirous of making. Seated on a ste'p beside her sits another woman looking 83d and anxious, as though the matter that was to be rehearsed had a painful interest for her. Within a small rounded room on the housetop other two may be seeu whispering some matter which appears greatly to absorb them, while an arcli-looking lass on one side and an eager-looking woman on the other seem as if they specially studied the disconsolate figure on the doorstep. Hurrying up with her water- vei-sel ou her » boulder is another, who seems eager to catch all that may drop from tbe lipa of the foremost- figure that strives to gain tbe attention of tbe passers-by. The picture is one of much interest, for the varied expression that is introduced into the faces of tbe group, for the bright yet subdued colour that is over the whole, and for the contrast that it offers to our Western miud of life ami manners as these obtain in Oriental forms. 'All Among the Barley.' by Fahey, is a picture of quite another type. It deals with tbe old land, and with one of the most familiar scenes of the old laud. There is little in the bubject to p.waken the genius of the printer, and yet tbe effect he has pvo duced is pleasing in the highest degree. The materials that produce tb&t; pleasure are Bimple. There is the wide reach of bearded grain yellowing for tbe harvest, gleaming in the fore ground with the scarlet and yellow of the many poppies that lift their gay hoads to the light. Along tbe path that crosses the field a youth and maiden are returning from their work, and as they travel they talk, and from thu manner in which be turns reund to tbe lass it is evident tbat tbe subject of the conversation is at least to him an interesting one. Tiie lass looks coyly down, as lasse* do under suchcircnmstances, nud ii drawing her hard along the, hunds of grain that skirt the path, as if this action tended somewhat to relieve ber embarras9meut. Au old man bending on his staff has jnst crossed the stile in tbe distance, and suggests a sharp con trast between tbe morning radiance of love and hope that fills the imagination and feeling of the youthful pair, contrasted with the evening shadows tbat gather round the aged pilgrim. Beyond tbe stile the rare beauty of English trees may be noted, and tbe farmhouse, witli its surrounding haystacks gives you tbe idea of comfort. Tbe whole is a glimpse of nature, and of human nature, tbat is very win some. 'The Mufti's Solace,' by Horsier, is a study. The picture is not large, but it i* magnetic. The Mufti, who in Mohammedan countries is a doctor of tbe law, and a dignitary of great power and influence, is seated a (a Turk on a couch. His rich bronzed look u well set off by tbe turban on his head, and the effect is still f urther heightened by the brilliancy of the robe be wears, contrasting as this does with his white nether garments. His left arm rests upon an elegantly embroidered cushion, and through the window at his back, tbe bars of which stand out with singular relief, you may catch tbe vivid blue of the sky, against which tbe white dome of a mosque rises. The Mufti holds inbig hand the amber niouthpiere of tbesinnoas tube that connect*, with the elegant pipe- stand that stands in the middle of the room. A Kubian boy, habited in a white dress, is blowing up the imperfectly lighted pipe with a singular sir cf puzzlement aud petitucily ou bis face. The brow of the master i« slightly knit, and over it there red's a shadow of annoyance as tliougli be had been resolving some very critical q.ustion in law dealing with ?on:e difficult caxc But the pipe is there, and in that he setka hi.-* K'iLce. ?' Pycmalion''! G.-ilarei,'1 by Armitage, R.A.. is a deeply interesting exhibit. Tbe nrtlst is re pre«eiit«d a« bavicg finished his work, and, pk-jstd with the product of art, is bending dowo ic prayer, with bis head rebtius; upou hb arm and his chisel in his hand, that it might be endued -with life. And as 30U mark the charm of face aud the proportion and harmony of figure, you note aleo that the prayer is in proc.058 of fulfilment. The iiesh tints are in tue face and on tbe breast, and adorn the figure to the knee, Bnd you see that it is but a little while when the whole will stand before him a« the realization of his dream, and the answer to his piaytr. Another picture by Elmore is ' Lenore.' This is a perftt t cot.trr.jt to '.he one wbirh we I.r-vfi noticed. Tbat glows with colour ; this is shadowy , fpectrsl, weird ; ^rey-greets tints like on atmosphere ot ghost.- we ovi.-r nil. and the ship!' whi-h tbe i 11:151 nation of the artist 1-T.lieH fcrt'i in these are m keeping. The lberi^e It from the pwni cf the Otn.iiu liuriL-f-r, and is from one of the finest of hU bu;!ads. Various have been the attt-mpts to r- r (itr tfce Meas of the author into a style that i-hr-aii icake it to be appreciated by Eugiisb r- tilers, &r.-;] with various n;c;nnres of suc-jx-si. IVrhaps the most .succe^sfal attempt h.vi been rr.sde i y I orgfel!ow. The scene represented in tht- picture is that in which Ignore, bowed in dt-*piiT for her lost lover, who is killed in tie war, curse* Heaven an-.l 1om.» her son!. Ite ghKtiy wRiiior astride on bis charger is made to appear at this juncture and seizes the bride of his heart, with the cry, ' Hurrmb, tbe dead can ride apace ; Don't fear to ride with me.' Ghostly forms peep out from the canvas and twist and turn in tbeir chase after the plighted pair. The artist strives to give in patniing what the poet has given in wordi, when ha says — ' Look up, look up, an airy crew In roundel dances reel ; Tbe moon is bright and blue the night, Mayst see them dimly wheel. And brush, brush, brush, tbe ghostly crew Came wheeling on tbeir beads. All rustling like the withered leaves That wide the whirlwind spreads.' Tbe style of this picture is tbe very antithesis of the other, yet both will please, and to both folks will come back to revive and review the impressions produced by the first glance. Of a very different order are two other pictures not far removed. The first is ' Cupboard Love,' and the second is ' My Baby Sleeps.' The former represents a bonny specimen of 8 servant, with a dainty little cap on her bead, and a bunch of kevs in her kand, about to open the door behind 'which are stored |all things pleasant to the appetite of children. A group of gleesome children gather roand her, evidentlj wishing to be on the closest terms of friendship, One sprightly urchin has leaped up and is hugging her round the neck with a warmth that makes her beaming face laugh again. Another has turned irom his horse and drani for tbe moment under the spell of a superior attention; a third, a sweet little maiden whan- flaxen hair creeps out from under her scarlet hood, h»s dropped her doll, and is looking up with a look of supplication in her face. An older sister is tugging at the dress of the maiden, clamouring to have her share in the good things to be dispersed. And the oldest of the group swings her large (unbat in her band, evidently surveying the whole with an air of quiet ftirm*emeat, and yet with a look that indicates she would not be Bbove going partners witn tbe rest in a division of the spoils. 'My Baby Sleeps' is ajpoom of maternal tenderness. The home is a humble one, for tbe room in which she is seated has all tbe appearance of being destitute of everything in the shape of luxury, save tbat luxury which is alike the portion of rich and poor— the luxury of a mother's love. In a wooden cradle, somewhat rough am! ungainly, covered by a patenwork quilt, you may sec the chubby face of a sleeping child. Tbe mother has ber knitting on her, knee, but the needle is still thrust through the bundle, and ere she begins to ply her talk, in tl.at snatch of leisure which comes with baby slumbers, she ia looking down upon the bright face that touches her heart with that strange thrill of joy which ouly mothers know. '? Esau,' by C. i'. Watts, is a painting that gives you tbe picture of a man whe gathers up within himself the feeling of s great padness. His shaggy head and rough face, ard wilderness rol-e, indicate the man of the desert— while tbe attitnde ard expression of the whole invite you to meditative. The picture is to be noted for it* suggestive power rather than for sny particular brilliancy of artistic treatment. ' .loan of Arc,' by Cilderon, exhibits tbe youthful heroine in agreement with the legend i'f her feelings in her girlhooil. This was to the flfect that the enthusiastic maid was favoured by visions cf great power and inspiration, in which sbe heard mysterious voices calling her to tbe great work which has immortalized ber name, The painter gives one of these translated into colonr. The fair maiden stands ou a rocky/ eminence and looks eagerly forward to the blaze of light which invites her g'ue in the east. In the golden glory of the coming day as it spreads across the sky and touches everything with brightness, she seems to see the symbol of the brighter hourjwhich is yet to break ujxra h(»r own loved France. As she leans forward in the dream you can almost irusgitie you see the rapt look of the eager maid, aud through it the rapture and the power that stir her soul. 'James IV. before the Battle of l-'lodden,' bj Fald, iB a very striking piece. The legend which is tbe basis of the painting nins thus.— That when the monarch waa at his devotions in tht Church of Linlithgow there came to him an old man in n blue gown, with ' brodekins' on bi« feet, and long fair hair falling down his back, who leaned 'guetfir.gis'1 on the King's desk, aud thns addressed liiu: — ' Sir King, my mothei has sent me to thee, desiring thee not to go qubair tbow art pnrposed, quhilk i£ thow doe tbow sail ijot fair weil in thy joriicy, nor non that is with thec. Fardder, she forbad thee not to mele, nor use the connsf 11 of women, quhilk it thow doc, tbon rvilt be confonmied and brought to shame.' The artist has reproduced the scene with singular ability. Spatod in a chair is the handsome monarch, looking up with an air of attention in which a alight feeling ol suspense is expressed, as if tha story of the old man who Iciiih over the de&k; to warn tbo King hiid produced an impression suliiciently strong to make the monarch uneasy, bnt uat strong enough to turn him from his pnrpoae. An old monk is HentedgjEbesidoB James, with his hood drawn over his head, but h singular look in his smooth face, a look half of derieion and half of doubt, as if the monition cnigbt yet prove true. One of James's warriors, an ironclad noble whose figure seems to walk out. of the e.invas, looks on with a look of ill— concealed disgust. Noble l.'iuie--, too, are there, in all probability tjie advisers of Jame* to his tmrt — and with the.«e many another figure tvlii-li gives life to tlie scent1. Tiie sad evgnts 3f that fatal ficht of I-'ioiden to the Scotch monarch give additional interest to the vener able figure wbo here i« slating his convictions with £0 much earnestness, ouly, howevnr, to be :li8ri-pari3ed by him whose courage was so much greater than bis prudence. ' A Gipsy Em-umpmcut,' by O. E. Johnson, is rery good. The time is evening. Iu the fore ground, where tbe party h.'.s nettled for tbe night, the shadows have begun to Rettl?, which makes the lingering smnligbt on the bit of :ip1ar.il Hint .shines iu the mill-distance, nil the more conspicuous. The heavy horse and the rough jaded donkey seem ns if they thoroughly enjoyed their re--t. In the tent you may 3isrtrn the preparations for the evening meal. rho black crock of tbo gipsy is suspended over the woodland fire, and from the neighbouring streamlet a gipsy maiden is coming with a pail A water. There in a quietness, a shadow, a restfulness about the picture which make it itrikine. wi a very cimerent ciass is me pmniiag, 'A Jiedouiu Caravan on the road to Monnt Sinni,' by K. Kenvis. Here the clearness of the atmosphere of the East, the brilliancy of the sky, the boldness and sharpness of the mountain range, the dreariness of the desert, the bones that bleach along the track, relic* of former caravans, the boulders that are scattered on tbe ground, the scanty vegetation that struggles for an existence in the dry soil of tbat arid land— all are portrayed with true fidelity and pictorial power. And then the siring of camels — so gaunt in tbeic figure, so patient in their looks, as they plod along under tbeir heavy burden of miscellaneous freight, with tbe feinewy Arab drivers that journey by their side— all give you an idea of heat, of thirst, of weariness which does not enamour you of desert travels. ' The very shadows of the camels as they pass nre girea with so rnnch distinctness and force that you instinctively ipfertbe fiercenesBof the light that beats down upon that toiling company by the sharp black patches that are cast with such idea of reality upon the ncene. ' Spriug-tiino iu Egypt,' and ' The Banks of the Nile,'' by Goodall,nre very striking pictures. Tbe first impression produced upon the mind is that tb«y are the creations of fancy rather than the presentations of fact. There ii about them such transparency of light, such an sriel look, that you are apt to imagine ? the artist has greatly overdrawn the matter. But any one who has seen the sky of Egypt and ' felt that sensation of bring dazzled by excess of light which one feels beneath its unshadowed sun will readily admit that the whole i» true to nature. If you look in the one picture at the Pyramids as they uplift their massive forms, with that delicate rost-rint which comes from the glory and ccweeration of the early morning, or with the »Uut beam* of the setting onn ; and then in the other at tbe slender shafted palms, with their crowns ef leafy beauty that they wear eo proudly — not omitting; the picturesque groups thut have corr.e down to the wftt^rs of the grs-at rivrr, ns it opens ont in little lake-like rtaebc-s, whose forms are mirrored in the glassy water with such wondrous effect — you cannot but feel tbfct you are looking at the work of a man -who ha» aniline artistic skill. ' Morning in the Market-I'kce at Cairo,' by I-owling, is a picture of the siine claw, and portrays with grtat fidelity th-: life that stirs) that great city in the f-r.r!y day. We are tempted to linger on if, but must pass on. p' Tberr- are some vexv noteworthy pictures ia this portion of the g:i!h-ry by An»4ell, who ia worthy to bo ranked rriih Lind«eer as a painter of animnl life. The first, which is entitled ' An Anxious Mother,' rcprf -icnti a fine Bpccimen ot a cheep away in the loneliness of thi; Scotch hill*, with two lambs by her side. The lake looks dreaiay in the distance pnd a hazy look rests upon the mountain, but theso are mere adjuncts of tbe picture. The wholo interest ? atht-rs iu tbe central gronp, for which all tbe rest is painted. Standing U|.-on the highest iKiint, the affrighted dam looks keenly forth, as if to a-roertain the cause of ner alarm, and the two lacibfi at her aide, gathering near her, look &.« if they chare in the fright of tho mother. Tt-- ir.cideiit is a sirrjple o.ie, but what power i-a- bi.f-ii put into the picture for all that. How the t-yfs speak ; how the tHJated nostrils seem to q:;'iver with the emotion of the moment. Am)', then, look at the coata of the crtAturef. Witb what mastery of imitation is the wool rc-jirodnrfd. So much no that, taking this into sc-fount -with the attitude of the animils, you can well imagine tiint the painter mnit have made »hf«'p-life a special study. Bat here is another sketch by the tetne ariiat, entitled 'jhr K^epr'a Daughter,' in which dog-life ?rreaK S3 twe tv catiie that j-?q c?n, we\| believe that dog-life has also been a special study; They both, however, are quite equalled, perhaps in some respects surpassed, by ' The Minster Marshes, East Kent,' by Cooper. Here . again the feature of the painting is anitn&l; life. Aboil and four cows occupy the foreground, and are painted with rare fidelity and strength of execution. How the horns of the animals standout ; what «of ;ness and colour are inwrought ia the akin ; how true to life is the expression of the eye. There they are — some are standing some are lying, but all seem to live before you It ia the work of a master; and though the material dealt with is only a bull and four cows, yet you are made to feel that when Genius works— no matter what the material with which she works — you are conscious of her power. ' On the Boad to Lanrwst,' aa it is termed iu one list, or - Mount's Bay,' by Bromley, as it ia designated in another, is a painting that strikes yon at first as being too glaring in colour, bat it repays study and grows upon yoa the more yoa look at it We should thiak the hour is the late afternoon by the peculiar golden hue that fades upon the hills and fields. What adds to this particular effect is that the sunshine falls upon the gorse in full flower; and when, as in some cases, patches of this cover the moorland or the rock, the reflected light seems excessive. But when you stand at some distance from the picture, as you should do to study it from that point, you feel that it is a fine piece of painting. The effect of the landscape is stiil farther heightened by the charm of the sea, that here sweeps into a sort of bay. 'Wftbrsuclraccuracy and beauty is this represented that yoa seem to see the very motion of the cricp little wavelets in the trans locent green water beneath. And then look at ' the rocks that skirt the shore. There they are, bearing the marks of the tempests and the breakers that have beat upon them when tne wild stormy spirit baa hurled home the mad fury of Atlantic waters upon their fretted sides. But cow they are serene and bright, and as you look down upon the little circles of foam that play around them, it would seem aa if the sea in its milder mood were singing to them a song of love and reconciliation, as atonement for the rage of ibi more tem pestuous hours. A few sheep may be traced upon the hills, and on the sea you may note the seine boats and the fishermen who are waiting there to gather the harvests of the deep. 'Leafy lanes' is a fascinating picture of a mother's joy, as she carries on her back the boy who is a mother's pride. The laughing eyes of : the youngster look over his mother's shoulder f nil of fun and frolic, and the bright and happy glance of the mother looks back with an . answering joy. . 'Making Hay while the Sun Shines,' by F. Chester, is a very happy putting of an old theme. The rustic swain and the lassie of his . heart are working in the field, but they have '' both found time for a brief interlude in their toil. He is whispering something in her ear, bat it is not, we venture to think, ' Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee.' They seem to have passed beyond that stage. The word that drops into the maiden's ear with such welcome and stakes music in her heart is the honey of ardent love, and Mary looks up at John with a tenderness and a joy that tell him his suit is fiou. There are some pretty marine pieces. u Cross ing the Bar at Scarborough' shows a smack caught on the swell and foam of a broken wave as it rashes fnrionsly forward on its course. 'The Cleopatra in a Hurricane'' shows you that she is having a bad time of it. 'The Victory Breaking the line of Battle at Tra falgar' wakens thoughts of the hearts of oak that did such noble things in the days that are gone. It is a picture full of fire and smoke, in which the genius of battle seems to be scattering death and desolation, and beyond the associa tions that gather round it there is little in the picture to attract. Some Scripture scenes are in the group, such as the story which brings before us thought] of 'the fruit of that forbidden tree, whoso mortal taste brought death into the world, with all our woe.' Barry's picture of 'The Temptation of Adam' is there, bat we do not think it is very striking. Sir F. Leighton's ' Samson and Delilah' is also there, and ' The Baiaing of the Widow's Son at Nain;' also, 'Joseph making himself known to his Brethren,' but we cannot pause over them. There are some 'others, also, which we are tempted to linger over, but we think we have said enough of the British Court of paintings in regard to oils. There are also some striking water colours, but we must content ourselves with the remark that they suffer somewhat in effectiveness through being in such close proximity to the larger oil paintings. Never theless, to those who will patiently study them the labour will be well repaid. In addition, there are some excellent architectural drawings and designs. The whole is supplemented by marble statues and some figures in bronze, with certain other* in plaster, which complete the exhibits. Several well-known, celebrities look forth, at you, such aa Lord Beaconsfield, appear ing astute and politic as he is known to be ; and Gladstone, earnest and somewhat sombre, as though he had found the mission of life a serious business; and John Bright, the great tribune, whose eloquence is so fine, and whose honesty is so thorough. Beside these we have a capital bust of the great poet Tennyson, and the great novelist Dicken*, and the great preacher Spurgeon, with others that we have not space to Dame. 1 The British Court is certainly the finest, and this is just what might be expected, seeing that we are a British colony, and could not expect Continental artists to contribute so largely as these of our own nationality. I omitted to mention that Martin's great pictures are in the collection, bat are placed so high, and are con sequently at such, a disadvantage, that they fail to strike you in such a manner as might l-e ex pected from the reputation they bear. Of the other courts we must speak in a future letter. . 