\- ' ?worth. BYwnyofa chango, we havn v,? duoed to something fn the T 0 ' lino tfak week. On Tuesday nt eht * nS eudenvoured to introduce himself^in* Upjohn'g establishment. It 8ee „„ Upjohn was aroused from bis : hiawifo, who heard a strange notar <v .Upjohn said it was nothing, and return his hammock on the verandah as th* '' to : was very hot andcloso. A Wat half.. ' "'ght later, Mr Upjohn was again awakev Bt wifo: bad seen a man in the v >T as „ lns picioii?.that;a robbery was'co m -, 111 * .-fan Upj'ohn armed himself i? mt ' , tc(l i and a candle.and; went dowrj J?! 9l?ei: what was up. On enterine- ?i? , 6V ) his shop, he discovered thp i „ room behind window paue had been n i lt lv SK" tta tho window raised: Bv ?Au ,< w>4- be robber had cleared-Jut hat n!. ? * oulli " ing, when Mr. Upjoli j we ' nt f orf ," Horn, his flowers, brush t' JC?phl? from h/ ' roses, and so on, D 0 w £ a surprised ,? " ip r man uis seated nest day ' Q y ?jlA, a \i ill is, o 4 suspicion ot.boing 'j.f attcmp X(S lo break into MrT t} 10 "".fin's name is Kelly, ? ta Vl lie has lately been wfaMnvjga' fati£' .??' Worth. O n the S /ather moining, but at a later hour, Mr Hyman was aroused from hjs slumbers by ny , £?""? Hld ' ? 11 - k "??n poodlo "Don bitrlrtn? in a "strange manner. Mr Hymanjumped up,; ioo kcd out of.his b&l.; room-door, saw Mr , Cohen, jnn. slnkmca match, and went buck; to bed undrr the that "Don" was admonish,? j oung Mr. for moving about so earlv in the momma Mr. Hyman bad scarce , composed li s ? honghts. however, when Mr Cphen Inockf 4 s t;hw door, and -called him forth to eeo ' .vhat had been going on while tliey w eru, enjoying the pleasures 'ot '?? peaceful s), eep. Judge -of his surprise, io find tli.yt the i drawing-room had ? been ran sackcu, / likewise other rooms, drawers opcucu, nnd their contents scattered about and n. iot of ellvur-ware stolen. Information . was ,' a t.;,j nce : given to the police, arid-wo 1 nnJ'orstand the Force is on the track of the? ro f 'ber, and expects to tecover the stolen W operty.—Tamworth OSim-er, Nov. 8. ./. . 1 1 ' !, Russia's Attempt to Slight England. —This from an American weekly paper ?— Russia ha? attempted to' pin o slight upon England by not inclnding her in the invita tion extended to nil the other' European powers to send oiHcor? to witness the coming: grand military manmuvrea. This io emi nently clmrnoteristia of Russia. In peace na in war she is an underbred barbarian. There is every reason to believe that England will survive the. dreadful deprivation ; stilt, it would have been a little more dignified, even in a Tartar, not to lot international baa feeling interfere With the' laws of inter national courtesy. Even in the heat of war opposing ; generals would never dream ot showing, any personal discourtesy to each other; much less would they in timo of peace let past hostilities make them forget the conduct due from one gentleman ?to : anotber. It is unnecessary to say that tho rnlos which thus govern individuals are far more binding upon nations. When England bad her' men-of-wnr before Constantinople, she-very plainly invited Russia to advance' and witness si grand naval display; and, when she had her nrmies in Afghanistan, ;tlio Czar could scarcely donbt that he was asked to take any part he chose in the little game of war going on there. Bot in neither case did his Imperial Majesty, or his Imperinl Majesty's ghost, ofa Government, or his Imperial Majesty's people, see the fun of attending these British ' receptions.' Per haps, being accustomed to a cold climate, tlioy thought the warmth of the said recep tions might injnro their constitutions. liufc surely this is no reason why Itn&sia; should siilk when she has a little military tea-party of her own. Tho English were not offended by her refusal. On tho contrary, should she again attempt to take Constantinople, or make sneaking overtures in Afghanistan, she would.And'-..England ready to receive, .not only her officers, but also her men, with extended arms—of tho latest pattern. 