OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. I MELBOURNE. JAN..26. We have had a storm, and a street-flöod, and a poor rag-and-bottle gatherer was, nearly drowned by being washed down a-gritter, and wholly killed by being jammed against'a gutter-bridge. A twenty-minutes' rain-storm will, auy time, transform Elizabeth-street J into a river. It is a reproach to us that this is so, and 1 we havo cried out against it those many years, and every now and then wo have seemed as if wo wero j going to have the cricd-out-against evil removed. Many I projects have been devised to carry away the'storm- water,' so that Elizabeth-street people shall not. live in continual fear of water and mud and consequent loss ; but tho projects never come to anything, and I do not think thoy ever will, until some moro notable person than a rag-and-bottle man is killed. Now, if a Prime Minister had been takon off in this way, we might have secured a double advantage. During this same storm, the lightning struck the tower oE tho houso of Mr. T. N. Fitzgerald, surgeon. If lightning could bo supposed to bo possessed of intelligence, this act would havo demonstrated a judicious, exercise of it, for Mr. Fitsgerald's tower is one of the eyesores of Melbourne. There is only oho uglier thing in tho way of buildings, and that is tho tower of Government House. These two lumps of architectural hideous- ness are enough, Uko Banquo's ghost, to scar one's eyeballs. Everybody is glad nobody was hurt in Mr. Fitzgerald's house; but everybody having tho least pretension to tasto is sorry that the tower, instead of being only a little smitten, was not brought wholly down. If the lightning could, bo induced to operato upon Government Houso tower without hurting any- body, and remove it utterly, tho prospect from almost any direction would bo marvellously improved. And talking of buildings, tenders are invited for the construc- tion of the Exhibition building. . And it seems it is to be built for thomost partof. wood, which is a pity,forwhen these conservatory structures do catch fire they burn like furso-buskes-or, shall I say, like a ballet-girl's dress. And concerning the catastrophe of which I made men- tion last week, and of which this present mention bf bnllet-girl reminds me, tho question of rendering their dresses uninflammable hus, of course, come up in con- nection with tho inquest lipon tho poor girl who was burnt at tho Academy of Music. Mr. Aarons, the J manager,, hns communicated- with a practical chemist with a . view to the supply of such salts as have the eflbet of neutralising combusti- bility. I dare say'for a time they will''.be. used, and then they will bo discontinued. So far as my own oxpcrieiico goes, I do not think the alleged effect of these non-combustion communicating substances can be 'proved, At any rate their effect, I think, is only partial. From fire to ico wo go by an. imperceptible transition. Tho project of another ico company has been received. It has been mooted a .good many timcs,every summer in fact, for a good many summers, and, being mooted, it subsides. Everybody wonders a now ice company is not started, for tho good reason that tho profits in the existing company are very large, and the price of ice is very high. If a company would start to supply cheap ice-chests, I think there would be a' larger demand for ice, for it is the difficulty of keeping it which deters most people, from taking it, and tho cost of a good ice-chest is a serious item. Up to this present ice, with us, is a luxury ; but there is no reason why, considering tho agreeableness of its oftects, it should not bo a necessity, and some day this will be discovered,' and then I think there will be several ice companies. It is like fish, which is'a most expensive luxury, but which, considering the unlimited supply there is, ought to bo tho commonest article of diet. And, no doubt it will one of these days, just as rabbits aro now, nnd yet I remember when rabbits wero four- teen shillings a pair. Now they aro devising all manner of deadly things for their destruction. The latest of tlieao deadly things is tho bisulphide of carbon which, it scorns, we aro able to manufacture ourselves, sp I look to seo the speedy extinction of these prolific ro- dents. Pity it is the bsiulphide cannot bo employed to ex- terminate other destructivo things, larrikins for example, who are becoming increasingly audacious iu their out- rages. The Kelly example has no doubt something to 'dp with this exacerbation of juvenile ruffianism, but the latent mischief was there long before the Mansfield murders, and it will require" two generations bf moral melioration to get back to a better order of behaviour. Thc magistrates are, however, at lust waking up to tho necessity of making a stronger impression upon them, but if even they quadrupled tho ' ' periods of imprisonment they would make but little permanent impression upon thom. Nothing but flogging will persuade them to leave off larrikinism, and as we aro more unlikely than ever to have a law making flogging a legal punishment, there is not much prospect of larrikinism coming to an end. And judging by appearances, there is not much likelihood-.of tho career of the Kellys coming to an end. The latest novelty iii connection with this pretty episode of our criminal history is an entreaty, almost piteous, that newspaper people will not publish the movements. of the police until forty-eight hours after they havo . moved. . They have taken into custody quite a little army of sympa- thisera whom they are very properly remanding week after Week, so as to gain time, and they are no nearer tho capturo of tho gang. Nobody expects they will bo taken alive, and nobody expects they will be taken without killing somo of their assailants, so there : aro terrible tragedies yet to como. Tho Government organ . Í3 agonised at the thought that' thero is a third political) party about being formed ; a party of tho non-revolu- tionary section of tho liberals, but strongly anti Berryite. The organ thinks that with the excoptior of Gaunson and Henderson Africanus there is no real defection from tho liberal ranks. But those who arc not entirely blind to the situation, think differently, and from all l ean loam, thero is a smouldering revolt, which but a little fanning will causo to flamo into a conflagration. Even tho philoberryans now admit that under tho: Berry rule, the: country has no! prospered; birt they claim that tho > bad-' tima would have come úridér any government. They havo not yet ' ' permitted themselves to sec that , the Berry blight is the true source. of om decadence. But this light seems to bo dawning upor thom, and it is not impossible that, by the time th< ambassadors como back, their occupation, ambassadoria and otherwise, will have gone.. There. are signs tha 'tlio Ministry who remain with us have a provision o; this coming on of time. They aro lookinj out - for themselves. Thus tho organ now state: openly , that there. is no likelihood of Mr Justice Stephen, over being better, and, thprefbro no probability of his ever taking his place on tho bond again ; therefore that there is a probability of Sir Bryai ' O'Loghlen taking his place there.. A further readjust meut of hoads of departments is spoken of,- BO tha other members of the Ministry might arrange to ap point themselves to profitable and enduring occupations Tho necessity of such provision is apparent, when it is re membered that politics istheir calling, and thatwhen tho; ceaso to legislato.thoy cease to live, unless, taking a.hin from the, example of tho unjust steward, tho; havo forethought enough to ranko friends o' tho mammon of unrighteousness. If tho tida wave ' of popular reaction should como it wil be completo in : its annihilation of thom. The; aro therefore calm, but anxious. Their utterances ar few; It-would seem, indeed, as if-thoir fuglemai baing gone-they had grown . dejected, am woro afraid to givo mouth, . An enemy to th. human race, signing himself '* J. E. S.," writes to th papers, nnd complains that members of Parliamen generally, just now, aro silent, and that they ought t address their constituents. As if we had not enougl of them in session, but they must, like Verges, still b talking. " J. E. S." is tho kind pf man who would h exhilarated at the sound of bagpipes.. In fact, th single virtuo legislators aro just now showing is that o silence. And tho Lands Commission, too, hav adjourned sine die, and wo aro - hopinj that O'Hea will give himself up to writin¡ brilliant leaders for tho organ, advocating th bursting up of tho large estates, which estates h knows quite well it would do no good to anybody t burst up, seeing that already thero is a glut of lani which ;tho selectors aro, ruining preparatory to it passing back into its grass-growing condition, t become tho property of the feeder of sheep And, . talkiug of sheep, thero -is really some thing doing in tho direction indicated b; Hr. Monckton Synnot towards ¡ procuring for tu a market in China for our surplus wool. - It «ooma we shall havo to send it in yarns, and that the margin of profit will not be large ; but tho field for enterprise of this kind is so wide that, once the trade is established, there is practically no limit to its extension. This may supply somo -sort of compensation for tte yellow blight, of which so much has been said, and which Mr. M'Larcn found on Saturday so un- pleasantly brought homo to himself. And on tho subject of wool, there is shortly to bo a competitive exhibition of wool at Messrs. Hastings, Cunningham, and Co.'s stores. Thoro aro already Eeventy entries, and tho interest felt in tho show.is very great among those who take an interest in what practi-; cally concerns the welfare of the colony. . Poor John Thomas Smith is sick unto death with a cancer ; and Judge Bindon is seriously ill ; but Dr. Cairns, who a little while since was thought tobe on his last legs, is thumping very hard tho drum eeclesiastio at Sir Redmond Barry's door, because Sir Redmond has advo- cated thc opening of the Public Library : on Sundays. 