NEWS OF THE DAY To-day is the anniversary of that day known in politics as " Black Wednesday "—one of those days which Horace would perhaps think ought to be marked with coal. When Mr Service invented the celebrated name for tho Stli January, 187S, hnd lie before his mind the line of tho Koiunn poet ? — "CrctA, nn carbono notandi ?" — "Days to bo marked with clialk or coal." In another column a correspondent, signing Mary June, gives some startling intelligence concerning tlie Kelly gang, and indicates tlmt, on one occasion, a party of police passed where- tlie murderers were in ambush, and that the matter of shooting thepolico was considered. By a telegram from Mr Woods, received this morning, it is gathered that tlie lion, gen tleman will leave Sydney for Melbourne over land to-morrow morning. Mr Woods, sincehe left Melbourne a few days since, lias been dili gently investigating tlie system of coal-hand ling in use at Newcastle and throughout New South Wales, with a view to improving tho methods in use in Victoria ; and the contract system of tlie sister colony hns been also studied. Mr Woods has been in constant com munication with the department there, and it is believed thnt on his return lie will be enabled to introduce reforms which will result in a very considerable saving of ex pense. I11 opening a charge of false pretence against Arthur J ohn Earam, in the City Court this morning, Mr Denkin saitl thnt tlie system alleged to have been practised by him, that of selling land to be paid for by instalments, without having any title to it, was very common in tlie city nnd suburbs amongst a low class of auctioneers, niid he knew of at least one case of this kind, which would he before the police court in a few days. At tlie Carlton Police Court this morning, before Alderman O'Grady, J.P., and a bench of magistrates, Louglilin M'Neill, a plumber, was summoned by Mr T. Latham, Inspector of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, for having cruelly treated a eat. Mr T. Miller prosecuted 011 behalf of the society. Mr Latlmm stated that tho society received . a letter, (which was read) stating thnt tlie eat had been injured by tlie defendant, and that itihnd been going about afterwards with its. eiitfails hanging out', nnd trailing along tho ground. He went and , saw the defendant, who at first ' denied that lie had in; jured tho animal, but subsequently said it was a dirty beast, and that he had kicked - it two or three times. He then raised a tech nical objection by alleging "there was 110 law for cats." Mr Miller drew the attention of the bench to tlie fact that tlie defendant wore copper-toed hoots, and . said lie supposed, it was for the purpose of killing cats. Several witnesses were produced, who deposed to the condition of the animal. It was going about for a fortnight after it received the shocking injury described. Tlie defendant's defence wns that he kicked the cat only once ; that subsequently his daughter tried to cateli it for the purpose of its being destroyed ; and that when it was caught it wns killed. Tlie defendant was fined 10s, with £1 Is costs. The committee of the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition, which is to be opened next March, announce that tlie 22nd instant will be the last day for receiving applications for space. Lists of special prizes offered aro now ready, and all exhibits will be convoyed free of charge 011 the Victorian railways. In order that tho police force in the towns should be equipped with weapons of defence, a supply of rifles was sent tc Geelong and Bal- larnt yesterday. : Some attention was excited in Collins Btreet this morning, by a haiidsomely painted show van, which was standingf or inspection in front of the auction roomf of Messrs Lyons and Co Itj was n portion of the plant belonging to tlie large panorama of the Turkish AVar lately exhibited at tlie Town Hall, and which, owing to some dispute among the partners, was to be; sold without reserve this morning. When put up, 'however,' despite the persuasive elo quence of .'the: auctioneer, who declared that there was " a little fortune in it," the bidding wns very slack, and it was evetually purchased by! Mr Benjamin for £150. Although 110 definite arrangements have been made for a visit: of Lord Harris's team of cricketers to Geelong, it is almost certain that.a match between tlie English Eleven and eighteen of the local batsmen1 will take place. The English cricketers will not, how ever, visit Geelong until after they try con clusions with the Sydney team. The official presentation of the statues' of Her Majesty tlie Queen, Prince of Wales, and Princess of Wales, will take place at the National Gallery to-morrow afternoon, at three o'clock. We described these grand works of art a week or two ago, when they were re- ceived, and first opened to private view. They are the.work of the late Charles Summers, and were executed in Rome, specially to the order of the Hon W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., for the National Gallery. A valuable freehold property in Little Collins street, with two large bluestone stores thereon, wns offered for sale this morning by Messrs C. J. and T. Ham, together with the 18 years' lease of tho building adjoining, known as M'Caw and Adamson's stores. The bidding was, however, limited to very few individuals, and did not reach the reserve price, £4700. The highest bid was that of Mr Aarons, of the Victoria Arcade, which was £3300. A young lad of the vagrant class was charged at the Richmond Court to- day with stealing two pounds of tobacco and three shillings from the All Nations Hotel, Separa- tion street, on the 5th inst. The prisoner managed to get inside of tho bar counter while the occupants wore in an adjoining roont, and deliberately ab stracted the articles named. He was observed in tlie act, and managed to escape before ids capture could be effected, but wns arrested soon after by Constable Cummings. Tlie bench sentenced him to two months' imprison ment. Tlie following letter from tho Japanese Minister for Eoreign Affairs to Sir Harry Parkes, British Minister at Yeddo, acknow ledging the courtesy shown to tho two Japanese officials who visited this colony and Victoria in tho early part of last year for the purpose of buying breeding sheep for their Govern ment, hns lieen received by ids Excellency tho Governor from Sir Harry Parkes Gtli November, 1878. — "Sir,— Nngose Yoshiraobo and Akabane Sadnnori, officers of the Ministry of tlie Inte rior, having now returned to this country, have reported that, whilst they were visiting New South Wales and Victoria on a mission to pur chase breeding sheep for the Bureau for tlie Encouragement of Agriculture, tho two Governments granted them railway passes, and tlmt they experienced hospitable treat ment at tho hands of the chiefs of Government departments and bureaux, for wliicli my Government is profoundly grateful. I shall bo much obliged if your Excellency will take an opportunity of communicating this to the chief authorities in both places. — I have, &c.;, (Signed) "Tkrasiiima Munknora, Minister for Eoreign Affairs. His Excellency ' Sir Harry S. Parkkh." A laborer, named Patrick Donagan, was arrested last night by Constnble Hushford, on a charge of drunkenness. When at tlie look up it wns found tlmt he had 110 less a sumthah £2115 2s Gd 111 his possession. After being in custody for somo time, lie was liberated 011 his own bail in tho sum of £10. Mr M. L. Hutchinson has forwarded the Imperial Calendar for 1870, well got up, and two pocket nhuanncs for tho year, Tho Colonial Mutual Company Iiiib also forwarded an offico calendar for tho year, very linnd- somely illustrated by Ilamel nnd Eerguson. Have young women of fashion any time to he good? This wns a question wliicli tlie Bishop of Manchester asked in tlie course of a recent sermon, and by way of illustration ho read a letter from a young lady in which an nccoimt was given of her daily work. "We breakfast about ten," she wrote, " Breakfast occupies tlie best part of an hour, during which we rend our letters and pick up the lntest news in the papers. Aftor that wo have to go and answer our letters, and my mother expects me to write her notes of invitation, or to reply to such. Then I have to go into tho conservatory and feed tlie canaries and parrots, and cut off tho dead leaves nnd faded (lowers from the plants. Then it is timo to dress for lunch, and nt two o'clock we lunch. At three, my mother likes me to go with her when she makes her calls, and we como home to a five- o'clock ten, when some friends drop in. After thnt we get ready to tnlce our drive 111 tlie park and then we go home to dinner, and after dinner we go to tho theatre or opera, and then when we get home I am so dreadfully tired thnt X don't know what to do." Sure enough, poor tiling I How could she find time to begood? Eruit- stealing from orchards is not such a " lark" as many young urchins are disposed to regard it, and a lad, named Bernard Smith, discovered tlie melancholy fact at the Ilicli- moiidPoHeeCourttliismoriiing. Abouthalf-past nine on Tuesday evening, Smith took a moon light 'trip into an orchard at the corner of Charles and Park streets, Collingwooil, and began leisurely to fill his pockets with tlie luscious pears therein. His labors, however, proved "fruitless," for a consciontious_ young man who was passing by took it into his head to stop tho little game, and seizedthe offender accordingly. Smith expressed his contrition, and hoped the bench would let him off lightly. He was sent to gaol for six hours. The Geelong Advertiser states that all the liolice stations throughout the colony have been furnished with a description and portrait of Charles W. Angoll, the late defaulting secretary of tlie famous Pullman Palace Car Company, United States. Angell embezzled the funds of the company totheextent of about £24,000, and he was last seen in New York in July last. The directors offer a reward of £1000, and 10 per cent of the money recovered, for the arrest and detention of tiio defaulter, who is said, in his description, to be of very plausible manners. The portrait is that of a rather handsome man, about 38, with a singu larly intellectual forehead, and a not quite so singolnrly well-trimmed moustache.- His ap pearance, altogether, is that of an "eminent" musician or a star actor. The Church of England Messenger appears to consider thnt with cricket, as with nil else, " enough is as good as a feast." Our contem porary writes: — "Cricketing is a noble pas time, with which, as yet, we have learnt to associate nothing but what is generous and manly. We rejoice, therefore, 111 tlie favor 'which tho game enjoys, nnd aro as protul as any nt the laurels won by our Australian Eleven over club after club of historic name and ancient jirowess. But surely out-of- door sports are getting a little more than their siiaro of tho praises and prizes of life. There is 110 opening a paper hut a half-sheet at least is devoted to a report of a match. Indr.ed, now, with New Zenlnnders, nnd Eng lishmen; and the Australian Eleven, and the Intercolonial Universities, anil tlie Intercolonial Crammer Schools, all in the field at once, there is hardly « corner of the paper in which you can get out of tlie way of tlie ball. Where their seniors show so much enthusiasm it is not to bo won dered at if our hoys follow their example. Our public school magazines — very crcditablo . productions in many respects— are full from beginning to end of nothing but sports and matches, nnd races past, present, and to conic. If we are to lool: upon them as giving a picture of schoolboy life, we should say it was passed principally on the cricket ground or the river. The literary side of the magazines— that which should savour of tho scholarship and intellec tual culture which is being imparted 111 these institutions — is either contri buted by a master, or is altogether wanting. Even tlie school reports, . which necessarily turn upon tlie progress mado in studies and tlie distinctions gained at college, have an air of busying themselves with these subjects only out of duty and by constraint, and then turn ing from them to plunge con nmore into the more congenial topics of tlie place taken 011 tlie . liver, nnd the scores made 111 the last public match. The effect of all this upon boys must be soinewlut to confuse their ideas upon the real object of their school life. It would be bard to tell from these documents whether liis play or liis work is the schoolboy's business - in tlie chief. And between two alternatives pro posed with equal authority, it is only natural that he should select that which is most agree able to his taste. It is stated in an American journal that there arc two clubs in London to which men . and women have equal rights of membership. The Albemarle, in Piccadilly, is governed by a . committee composed of equal 11111111301-3 of both sexes, and the members, rather over 400, are maintained carefully in the same proportion.' Lntely a difficult)' has arisen ill tlie manage ment. No smoking-room had been allotted to the ladies, so they were driven to carry their cigarettes into the gentlemen's room. To this the gentlemen more than agreed, rather en couraging the invasion, as the rest of the house was so tristo in its dignity. One day Mrs Grundy came to know of these pleasant little evening meetings, and now 011 the walls of the corridors appears a notice informing ladies that they are forbidden to cross the threshold of the coveted apartment. Tlie Itussell Club, ill Begent street, is proprietary, the members having no responsibility beyond their subscriptions, Indies paying half thnt of gentlemen. The apartments on the ground- iloor, reading-room, boudoir, drawing-room, and dining-room, are public rooms, used by Indies and gentlemen alike. Upstnirs are billiard and smoking rooms, sacred to tlie stronger sex. Ladies here do not smoke at all, as their npartments resemble more the coffee and drawing rooms of a large hotel. Yesterday afternoon (says the Geelong Advertiser) tlie police in the town and suburbs were put through their monthly drill. When 011! parade they were cautioned by their superior officer against speaking to any person whilst 011 duty in the street, and also instructed thnt if anyone asked them a question tlioy were to stand at "attention," answer the question, and walk on. With rigid discipline like this the red-tapeism in the force is likely to be perpetuated. The Gippslnnd Mercury of yesterday con tains the following bald announcement : — " Death. — Wabbleton — On 2nd January, at tlie Gippslnnd Hospital, of epithelial caneer and exhaustion, .Tolm Wabbleton, aged 104 years." Surely a man who had lived in the times of tho Georges, who was middle-ngcd when the elang of battle and the crash of dynasties convulsed nil Europe in 1S15, and who hnd witnessed tlie downfall of kingdoms in '48, must _ have had some reminiscences worth recording. Certainly, if his age is given correctly, lie is more than probably tlie oldest man who ever died in the colonies. The Casterton News writes From a enre fill compilation of evidence gathered from re liable sources, we are happy to state that the harvest in our district is confidently expected to produce the averngo yield. The rust, ivhich has unfortunately ruined tlie prospects of farmers in other portions of Victoria, has loft us comparatively unharmed, nlthough, some three weeks ago, the hot blasts of n premature summer somewhat shrivelled up and prevented the' ears of corn from arriving at their mature production. Some of our grain- growers will harvest exceptional yields, forty bushels to tho acre, in somo instnnees. We think we are justified in placing the average of thedistrictat from 17 to 18 bushels per acre ; and if we might venturo 011 a prediction, better prices are in view. A writer in tho Sydney Echo observes A year or two ago the educational authorities of South A-ustrnlia drew from us two or three, if not more, of our tonchers by tlie offer of greater pecuniary advantages than they enjoyed hero. The Education Board of Wanganui is now making nil effort to increase the efficiency of its staff by advertising ill this colony, for a head-master and mistress and two subor'dt mistresses, the head-rnnster at a salary of JEoK) ami tho liead-inistress at a salary £250, for the local high school at that place. Since tho be ginning of last year, however, our Council of Education have increased tlie salaries of their teachers, and doubtless rendered them less dis posed to quit tlie service for appointments else where. Of course tho Balary of £500 is a hie1"- one for a tencher, and it remains to be sei, whether any of them possessing the requisite"" qualifications (including ability to tench Latin, Greek, Mathematics, and 'French or . German) will be tompted to compote for the position. - Lady Bo'won has intimnted her intention of being present at Mr D'Arcy Bead's ghost 011- tei tainmeiit at the Atlienieum Ilall, to-morrow, evening. This evening the performance will he for tho benefit of Mrs D'Arcy Bend. At tlie Princess's Theatre on Monday oven- ing was produced a new political skotcli from the pen of R. P. Whitworth, the well known Australian author. It is under the title of the Threo Ambassadors, nndas tlie name indicates, relates to the mission of Mr Berry and Professor Pearson to England. Henderson Africnnus being introduced as the third rep resentative of tho colony. Of course the situations nnd the dialogue are ridiculous in the extreme, but tho sketch is written very smartly, niid inany good points are made. Tlie embassy is satirised unmercifully, nnd its probable result burlesqued in a maimer that must delight the hearts of the oppon ents of the undertaking. As to the maimer in wliicli it iB played, very little can be said in commendation, if tlie o'fforts of thegentleman who represents ProfcssorPeiu'soii bo excepted. His make-up is excellent, and lie has caught tho professor's peculiar intona tion, voice, and mannerisms capitally. Tho nnnunl mooting of tiio Australian Natives' Association wiil tic hold tills evening at 8 o'clock, at the Reform Club Hotel (late Hockin'a), Ellzuliotli street. And as the oliicore for tho ensuing six months aro to be elected, nud other business or Importance transacted, monitors aro requested to attend. 