THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, THURSDAY, MAR. 27, 1879. THE EXHIBITION. SANDHURST was yesterday peculiarly fortunate in all the circumstances connected with the opening of the Industrial Exposition of 1879\. In the first place the weather throughout the day was glorious, and continued At the degree of temperature always agreeable to the residents, neither too hot nor too cold. The aspect of the city and salubrity of its climate must have made a great impression on His Excellency the Governor and the other gentlemen who visited Sandhurst for the first time. From every vantage point they held fine vistas along the streets, formed by magnificent rows of English forest trees—the oak, the elm, the larch, and the horse chestnut— some of which have already attained considerable proportions. Then the splendid public buildings—the banks and the shops, which, although closed for the occasion, suggested to the imagination the wealth within. Next, the visitors must have remarked the numerous equipages in the streets, and the crowds of orderly, well-dressed pedestrians that bordered the line of procession, not the least charming position of which consisted of tastefully dressed ladies. The appearance of Sandhurst must have impressed our visitors favorably, not only of the picturesque beauty of the city, but of the industry, prosperity and temperance of the citizens. These gentlemen must have felt a difficulty in believing that twenty-five years ago there was not a brick or stone house in this city, and that glass, except for use in shanties, was scarcely thought of. It was never utilised as a means for transmitting light. Indeed, if Lord Normanby formed an accurate idea of what Bendigo really was twenty-five years ago, he must have fancied 0n looking at it on Monday that some supernatural agency had assisted in effecting the wonderful alteration. Well there were very good, almost supernatural efforts, made to roll order out , of chaos, and to iu:;!,'y iio:a the leafless, waterless, .'.splteriiig ljendigo 1,1 ] 853, tho blight verdant weii V'rttered and pleasantly shaded Sandhurst of to-iUy, The .egcliantef'? that pro duced such ft Uunsforiu^iioij \v^s fajj^ue/j. from the industry, tho eneFjfjf, and ihj f;'i!i.'ality of the people. The Industrial Ej;> hiUixjoj.- i/jjf'ijed yesterday is, in every way, creditable to iiie v'4 /""indents of Sandliurst, but to our uiind the most agrcoijhJ.e feature J ill the whole concern is the numerous ex hibits, the products of youths of cither sex who were horn, reared, inught trades m' teamed elegant acvonipiishmptn-- hi u,i.» eitv. The Sandhurst- Industrial Exhibition may be viewed as the precursor of the two great Australian ones, which will soun engage the attention of the civilized world. This year the Sydney Exhibition will be opened, and the year following that of Melbourne. England as r. matter of course will take a first place at each, and the various colonies will also be largely represented. France will stand next to England, aswefind the Chamber of Deputies has voted the sum of £10.000 to forward the representation of the republic at the Sydney Exhibition alone. Germany, we hear, has determined to be surpassed only by England and France in the multi plicity of her industrial products. Spain, Belgium, Holland, Switzerland, and Italy will send exhibits, some under commissions, headed by princes of the blood, in ships of war, to Sydney and Melbourne. JCow. as we find that owing to the energy and wise solicitation of the honorable Mr. Casey the Government of 2few South Wales are about to complete the line of railway to Albury— thereby connecting Sydney and Melbourne, we may naturally expect after the Sydney Exhibition has been opened that visitors from almost every country in Europe may avail them selves of the facilities of the railway to visit Victoria in the ensuing spring. It it could have been arranged that the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition should be open during the first few months of the Sydney Exhibition, Bendigo might have attracted the observation of limiy travellers, whereby her resources, particu larly her wealth of wine, might have become renowned throughout the civilized world. Bendigo lias already obtained much distinc tion from its manufacture of wine, and if its vintages retain the same character at the forthcoming world's fair at Sydney, no doubt those experienced connoisseurs .of wine from the Rhine, Italy, France, Spain, and Hungary would not neglect to visit the provinces of Victoria that yielded such vin tages and produced such wine. To CoRuiiSPOSDESTS.—Some letters are un avoidably held ovtr. The Cable.—A memo, from tha telegraph office informs us that a report has been received from Banjouwaugie that the Java laud.lineis interrupted. : The O-pesixg ov TirE Exhibition.—The Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition was formally opened yesterday by His Excellency the Mar quis of Ivoimanby, The whole of the1 day's proceedings passed-off .most successfully. His Excellency met with an enthusiastic reception in all parts of the city he visited, and at the banquet given in his liunor at the Town Hall last evening by the City Council, he lie expressed himself greatly pleased with his visit, and said the exhibition far exceeded his expectations. We publish a special supplement this morning, which contains an extended notice of the exhibition, The proceedings in connection wiih the Governor's visit are pub lished in th; - dieet, in order that as much space as possible might be devoted to the exhibits. As a matter of course, with such a.large number of exhibits entered, there are very many which are not noticed in this issue; some of the sections have scarcely beeu touched ou, indeed. But these will receive due attention as oppor tunity offers. About 3,000 visitors attended the exliibition yesterday, including season ticket holders, and the amount of the receipts at the door was £102.' The exhibition will re-open to-day at noon. Accidental Death.—Au inques-t was held yesterday at Eaglehawk by Mr. Strickland upon the body of James Stevens liodda, -who was acci dentally drowned iu a hole in tiie Eaglehawk stormwater channel on Tuesday. The evidence adduced .was similar to the statement which ap peared in our issue of yesterday. The medical evidence showed the cause of death to be asphyxia from suffocation, and a verdict of acci dental death was returned by tiie jury. SrnriDE .vr Feusihl'kst.—Yesterday morn ing the coroner proceeded W>< TiijjluCvno.l to Ferniliurst for tiie purpose of holding an inquest on the body of a man named Thomas Tavenagii, whose body was found hanging in tiie Ferniliurst station woolshed on Tuesday. -Mr. Strickland expects to return by the first train this morning from Inglew ood. A Bolt. —Yesterday afternoon a horse, be longing to Mr. Guthrie, of Epsom, was carting some timber down Williamson-street. Near the intersection of Hargreaves-street the horse was startled by tiie noise the timber made, caused by the motion of tiie cart. It bolted towards the Shamrock Hotel at a fast rate, but owing to the exertions of the driver, was pulled up without any damage having been caused. Con sidering the crowded state of the streets during the whole of yesterday, it is fortunate no mis- has occurred. DEPLORABLE OCCURRENCE - One of the members of the Bendigo Rifles, named Martin Ferrari, yesterday inflicted on a boy, named Wm. Anderson, injuries which it is feared will result in the lad's death. It appears that Anderson, who is 14 years of age, with some other boys, was challing and tormenting Ferrari, who was in uniform and carried his rifle, when the latter, incensed by the boys' persecution of him, struck Anderson on the head with the stock of his weapon, fracturing the lad's skull. Anderson was taken to the Bendigo Hospital, where he now lies in a very dangerous state. Small hopes of his recovery are entertained. Drs. Hinchcliff and Thom held a consultation during the evening and afterwards removed two pieces of bone from the wound, but they have slight hopes of the boy's recovery. Ferrari, who is an Italian residing at Back Creek, was arrested last night by Sergeant Webb on a charge of assault, which will be altered to a more serious one should the lad die. DEATH OF CONSTABLE MULHERON.—We regret To have to record the death of an old and respected member of tiie loc.ii police force, one win) has been in the service for a period of 22 years. Constable Mitlheruii, to whom we refer, lias been in charge of the (iolden-square police station for a long period, and about three months a^o he was grieved by the death of his wife. ¥"c£terd.ty mo;-njn duty at nine o'clock, bat'o&n;'.pUiuud uf jwifis in the region of his stomach and heart. l>r. Austin was sent for, and prescribed for the de ceased, but without avail, as he expired about three hours subsequently. He has left six (d)ildreii, who are badly provided for. An iiii.uc=t be he!:' Tin-: Pjamosu ' j/aiV lm.gi-ets was made yesterday by the diamond drill tlie Great Southern lease, Home 12 ft, wer£ bored through dark blue slate and quarts. The total depth of the bore now is 350 feet. The \Yeatiikp..—Yesterday the weather was r.U thsf the most fastidious could de sire for the occasion of the opening of tiie Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition. A blight sun and a clear sUy with a light southerly breeze made up such a day as could not have been im proved upon if it had been specially provided by particular request. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.—Bridget Wallace, admitted into the hospital on the 29th of Feb- ruary, died yesterday from hydatid of the liver. Till; Aoi'.icl'i.tuuai. .Show —To morrow (Friday) t!-.• > r.isun.-;! .Autumn Show of the County of Bendigo Agricultural aud iloiti ouittir.il Society wiii be opened in the society's yards. Tile entries, which are Very liuim-rous, wiii bo fsi'.!;d elsewhere. There is to b.: a line display of agricultural and ijaii-y produce, fruit, machinery, etc. In the latter section tiie fjon. W. J. Clarke's steam plough will be ex? hibitpd, Further particulars will be found in 2.U advertisement. Axniyersaky Services.—On next Sunday j week, Oth April, the anniversary services of St. John's Free Presbyterian Church, forest-street, will he celebrated. Three sermons will be preached 0:1 the occasion, In the morning at eleven o'clock, and also in the afternoon ut three o'clock, the Rev. E. Rorke, of Melbourne, will preach. In the evening at seven o'clock tjfe sermon will be delivered bj' the Rev. T. E. luk, SiQn Wednesday, 9th April, the annual soiroo will Ije held in the Masonic Hall, when addresses will be delivered" by' several clerical gentlemen. The Botanical Gardens.—One of the chief places of public resort during the festive period we are now enjoying is the Botanical Gardens, sfftiiated at the White Hills. During the past few yejfg ths gardens have been considerably iinprovc-d owinj^ to tjio eyeful attpjitio!) of the curiitor. Picnic or pleasure parties visiting the gardens can be supplied by the pioniiiuor n{ the Wellington Hotel, opposite the outranee-gate, Easter Fair.—It is notified elsewhere that-a veiling of amateurs willing to take part in out door show* &i;, lj;s forthcoming Easter Fair will bo hold this evening at ti;? Qnj'.'e in the Reserve at eight o'olook. Tenders ase invliod for the erection of a building fur the Chinese Carnival, Particulars can be obtained from Mr, Yi'.hlaad, the Architect. A Cuiiioui ADVERTISEMENT.—The following appears in the Ki/ntion Guardian-.—" Cursed in solvents have driven me to cell or hu 3-9 P.cres of the bfest laud ever foot was on, mid Panuoo. mil'oo L'Jijur .\lills, Terricks; also Piper- street Aljl'lr, j£y^et<;u. uil in first-class working order. Grand chance 'for UK^'e v;;t!s money, and who can live on one brilliantly iliuuii'nated Wednes day for a lifetime. Apply James TSkown, 1 Kynetou," I A Destructive Act.—The u nce around tlic j Kxhibition building in Lvttloton Tcrracp, clnst" ! to the corner o; \YiHh;nison-srr?i't, was wm ! t. ulv injured • I'iririj: yenevday or lr>c nivhr. and by advertisement in another column n reward of £"» is oiiVred for the discovery of tfit* perpetrator of the act. A hir^'e I:<>le? it seems, j was made in the corrugated iron of which the fence is composed, die destructive fellow who committed the act having evidently been pro vided with a pair of shears by which he was enabled to give effect to his mischievous propeu siti-.-s. II ydk's (3 ardent.—An advertisement in another column notifies to the public and visitors to the exhibition that the gardens are at present in fine condition. They are situated within easy distance of the town on the Charleston road, and are largely availed of as a place of resort. They will 110 doubt he extensively patr, ni-vl dmim: the present season. Choice ■llowcrs and fruit can be obtained by visitors. »Sr. «J am 11s 3 Haix.— rhrro was n good atten dani.-eat this place of amu^um- nt last evening to witness the performance of the 'Variety Com pany. Mdllo. Graoie and Miss Uamsdeiv were, as usual, well received in their particular parts, as also were Messrs. Summers and Brown in their songs and dances. Hadi liamo repeated his tumbling feats, and secured much applause for his successful efforts. Miss L. Collins made her first appearance, and sang with very good eilect " Poor Paddy." The other vocalists and performers were also accorded a fair share of applause for their efforts. The programme will be repeated tiiis eveniug. New Telegraph Office.—A telegraph office is now open for public business at Samiridge West. Cm- Police Court.—Yesterday being a public holiday, no business was transacted in this court. Mr. Anderson, J. 1\ attended, and discharged one man for drunkenness, and adjourned lour cases on the civil list for one week. Ghostolcwy.—The Masonic Hail was very largely attended last evening, when a final re presentation of the " Past, Present, and Future," was given. The afterpiece, " Tiie haunted house,'' served to introduce a new and very pleasing daiweute, Miss Brooks, who met with a most enthusiastic reception. To-night the fairy nursery tale of " Beauty and the Beast," will be given for th■> first time in Sandhurst. It is full of spectral and visionary effects, and introduces some really good music and localised dialogue by Mr. Garnet W-alch. We understand the Ghost Company must posi tively leave Sandhurst on Saturday next. Meetings This Day.—Golden" Spring Tri bute, J. Nceson, 4.30: North Catherine, S. G. Cole', S. The International Exhibition.—The next monthly meeting of the commissioners for the Melbourne International Exhibition is likely (says the Arrjus) to be invested with more than ordinary interest. Since the last meeting, the number of commissioners has been increased from 64 to close upon a hundred, and a redistri bution of committees will have to be one of the first steps taken to bring, the commission into harmony. The last meeting adjourned uuii! Tuesday next, on which day the new commission will probably be called together. Work in connexion with the Exhibition is meanwhile i progressing satisfactorily, surprising results having already been achieved by the contractor for the building. The walls in many places are 12ft. high, and the colossal proportions oi the main permanent hall can now be readily dis cerned. In addition to the bricklayers, masons, and laborers, Mr. Mitchell has a large number of carpenters at work upon the joists and heavy beams which are destined to support the roof and dome, so that no delay whatever will en=ue. As soon as the bricklayers have finished their part of the work, they will be succeeded by the plasterers, and the carpenters, slaters, and plumbers will commence operations simul taneously. The gardens are also being syste matically overhauled, and tn« ugly, dnsty looking trees, which no quantity of rain or Yan Yean appeared able to refresh, are rapidly passing out of sight, and ore many months are over Carlton-gardens, as hitherto known, will be a thing of the past. The Fine Arts Com mittee express their desire of ensuring a worthy representation of Victorian art at Sydney, and cordially invite the co- operation of ail artists resident in the colony, as well as the possessors of private collections, in order to make the Victorian court as attractive as possible. Ministerial,—The A>je. states that Cabinet and Executive Councils, at which a great deal of routine business was transacted, were held at the Treasury on Tuesday. Tub Eight Hours' System.—The Govern ment have consented to proclaim the 21st April, the anniversary of the establishment ot the ei^ht hours system, a public holiday. Appeal against Tin- La-hd tax.—The Land Tax Court was occupied on Tuesday with the appeal ot Andrew 0'K.eefe against the placing of 2,700 acres, counties of Bendigo and Dal housie, in the third class. Mr. Kerferd ap peared for the appellant, and Mr. Walsh for the Crown. The case was not finished when the Court rose.—Aiyi/.s. A sew bogie engine, constructed in Eng land by Messrs. Bsver and Peacock, and in tended tor the Victorian Railways, has been brought out here in the ship L'ich Sloy, which arrived on" Tuesday from Liverpool. This locomotive is said to be one of tlie finest of the kind ever turned out by that well-known tirni.—Argus. The Prize Fight.—Matters have come to a head with regard to the prize fight, as infor mations were sworn against the two principals, Foley and Hicken, and Mace and Thompson, tor conspiracy to bring about a prize light. Mr. Call, P.M., granted warrants on the infor mation,- and the men will be arrested at Queen sciifr, and brought ashore from that place, as they had embarked on board the Ly-ee-mooti, for Sydney, to be present at the races.— lit raid Thk Sue/. Mail.—The R.M.S. Tanjore with the February mails from England, anchored in Hobson's Bay yesterday afternoon at one o'clock. The s.s. Garoxxe.—1The Herald states that Messrs. Bright Bros., the agents for the Orient line of steamers, to-day received a telegram stating that the s.s. Garonne passed Breaksea Island, Western Australia, at' halt-past six o'clock on Tuesday morning. The Herald regrets to state that I113 Honor Judge Koel is snl'ering frqm severo illness. The I'hue Ring.—Foley, the pugilist, who was successful in the recent prize- light, was a passenger for Sydney yesterday in the s.s. Ly-ec-moon. He was accompanied by Mace, John Thompson, ami S. Grimwood. C-aviauk.—We clip the following from tho Btdlurol Courier of Taestlay:—Koferring to tho importance of a. thorough knowledge of tho or tlio^ravhv and pronunciation of words, as well as m the ideas or whiuh they were tho represen tatives, Mr. T. P. Hall, in his lecture at the Central school oil Monday afternoon, adverted at some length to the dispute which had arisen anions the literary quidnuncs of London out of Mr, Henry Irvina's pronunciation of the word ciirUtr<>, in }]amkt,!s well-known phrase, '<' Tv.-iis enviari to the genera!," meaning there by that the play referred to v.>,3 too good for the audience before whom it was presented, Mr. Irving pronounced the word an oue of four sylla bled, and averred that lie had the minority for do ing so. Mr. George Augustus Sala, the well-known novelist, immediately opened his lower-deckers and insisted that tho word was tiisyllabic, and not monosyllabic; and further, that caviar was tho more proper spelling. Another objector stated that in the folio of 1032, the word was otithtri/, and wanted to know upon what ground it had been changed to caviare. As the subject was oue of interest, he (the lecturer) had taken the trouble to turn up all the authorities, a ta Tim conclusion at which ha had arrived was—1, that cafinri: was the proper ortho ;;i'a;i!iV, n.nd that although the standard Ktiglidi pronouncing dictionaries were all in favor of the trisyllable, there was very strong evidence for believing that as Mi'i'iU (It.) corres ponded exactly with cuichtiv (Kng.), both in lijervutttj) and iu ti)e mjy^bey of letters employed, the \yprd »'a» regarded by fehakspeare and his dramatic contemporaries as a word of four j eyltablps, Jjamlefs statement that tho plav [iroptruiou before the court v/;is written in "choice Italian" favored that view. At all events Douce, a great authority, in his illustra tion;! of Shakespeare, hail no doubt whatever uji'.in the matter, Custom, however, whioh mala everything a propei-tv of easiness. had decided in favor of the trisyllable; and, after all, it was wiser to err on the side of general usage, than tr> insist upon pedantic accuracy. But lie, Mr. 11:11, candidly confessed that he was deci dedly partial to Mr. Irving's pronunciation. pii.vi;.——rThc Cc,ltic, I/crab! vritc3:r-ii Vfo were on Monday shown a splendid specimen of ooal obtained from tHa ground of No. 3 Com pany. The specimen is the besfc that has yet been obtained, has a fine rich color and adhesive solidity that at once pronounce it to possess largely all the necessary constituents of the purest carbon, It was obtained at a depth of 113 reps, bijt what tho extent or thickness- of the se.-ai) w.fs, wo were um_ble to ascertain when wo went'to press The find has greatly added to the Guihnsiosm of tho shareholders, who arc jubilant and sanguina that their perse verance will shortly be attended by payable results." Tin: Dean- of Melbourne.—It is proposed | (iiiys t}}3 4>'!7'w) to present to '.he Dean of Mi-i- j bmjrne a testimoBi.il on the occasion of hiij i;r,;r>- j plating his 80th year, as a mark of respest and regard, and as some acknowledgement of Iii3 I long and valuable services in the colony. j It is hoped that, on this special occasion, all j denominations will co-Operate in raising such an I amount a* will pi'ovo a worthy testimonial to the honored and venerable recipient. Professor Cavill, the well-known long dis tance swimmer, with his' two children, is giving exhibitions of their skill in the municipal dam at Maryborough.' 