WEDDERBUHN. (FROM OUR OWN CORl'.liSrCNDENT.) Thursday, 13th November. The weather has been remarkably changeable during the past ten days; at the commence ment of the month we had warm sunny weather, followed shortly by cold southerly winds. Then an interval of sleet and hail, warm and eerane again, followed by close, muggy, and threatening weather, relieved by a thunderstorm tailing off in heavy fitful squalls, and a generous downpour of rain, which has rendered the crops indepondent in a great mea sure of another visitation; many of the dams and tanks are tilled. The farmers are jubilant to a man, and the most vigorous preparations are making for the forthcoming harvest. There surely must have been a tremendous trade done in strippers; it would appear that almost every fanner in this district has one. Eleven passed through this township in one day, bound to the Hon. J. J. Casey's " granary" in the north. Those who are cutting hay are obtaining very good crops. Our forthcoming raco meeting should cer tainly be the most successful of any over held here. We may in all humility trust in the hope that aa abundant harvest will have been garnerod by that time (the 2Gth pro*.), and that our neighboring farmers will be able to spare time and money too, to enter fully into the enjoyment of the occasion. The pro gramme includes hurdle and flat racing and a trot, and £140 will be divided in prizes—not bo bad for our leather plating village. The picturesqueness of Wedderburn Park is extensively known, and should be a source of attraction in itself, though it is but little indebted to the Board of Control for any addition to the beauties which nature has so liberally bestowed on it. The culpable neg lect of the members of this board i3 shown in the ugly gaps that occur in the lino of young ornamental trees that wore planted round the borders of the park when it was first enclosed. Then they seemed to take an interest in a sub ject that should have boon extensively used to promoto the happiness and rational enjoyment of the townspeople and their visitors, but after the members had each planted and bestowod their names on the first half dozen trees that were placed in the ground they seemed to think that they had accomplished all that could be required of them, and left the tender plants to the care of Mother Nature, who could not protect them all from the evil effects of over growing, grass, weeds, and other hostile influ ences. Hence many died ; and, as their places were not reoccupied, ugly gaps everywhere occur. We might have supposed the Board was defunct if we were not reminded of its vitality at race meetings and other joyous gatherings, when some officious member presents himself after the fashion of Banquo's ghost, and with an awful sternness, bristling with a little brief authority, informs the gentlemen that he has intruded amongst them; that they can do nothing without the "consent of the board," and threatens to interfere with the "gates." Of course not much attention is paid to this, but it is nevertheless time that the "board" was ro-orgauised, aud one or two of its members turnod out to make room for liberal-minded practical men. But to return to the races, we have 011 more than one occasion been honored w ith the presence of some gentle men from the Sandhurst quarter, and we hopo to find them among us at the next gathering. The secretary (Mr. Reach) is making all prepara tions necessary with commendable energy. Our townspeople, stimulated no doubt, by the present fine weather aud brilliant prospects, are renovating their residences and places of business from one end of the town to the other. Carpenters and painters aro everywhere at work. The most promineut object is a new hotel building for Mr. Crisp, the well known landlord of the Carriers' Arms Hotel (formerly the San Francisco) who has purchased an allot ment on the opposite side of the street, and in tends removing his business to the new hotel. From tho dosign which was recently made of the building now in course of erection, and which I have seen, it will be very extensive, and wanting in nothing that is necessary to contribute to the comfort of man and beast. 