FOOTBALL. South Patois v. "Wiixtjxgas. On Friday, June 20, the members of the South Park Football Clab visited Willuuga for the purpose of engaging in a friendly contest with the local Club. The party, numbering about fifty, mustered about 7 a.m. opposite the coaeh office, King 'William-street, and were accommo dated in two of Messrs. Hill & Co.'s coaches. A start was made shortly before 7.30, and Rey ntlia was reached about 10 o'clock. A change in the horses was made, ana advantage was taken of the spell by the travellers to indulge in same liquid and other refreshments, which were highly welcome, as the drive in the early morn ing air had considerably sharpened their appetites. Willuuga was reached about 12 o'clock after a most enjoyable ride. At 1 o'clock the players sat down to a capital dinnc-r, catered by host Saunders, of the Alma Inn. At the dinner it was stated that the match would not take place until 3 o'clock, and at that hour both teams mustered on the grounds in the presence of about 300 spectators, including a large proportion of ladies. The ball was started by the Souths kicking towards the western goal, and for the first few moments they had the best of the play. It was, however, soon to he seen that their opponents were too heavy for them, and the ball was rushed rapidly towards the western goal, in front of which severe struggles were engaged iu. Several times the Souths' followers and wing men drove the ball in good style up the centre of the ground, hut the local team played deter minedly, and continually kept their active foes on the defensive. This style of play continued until shortly before half-time, when the ball was kicked by the Wiilungas during a scrim mage through the posts amidst the loud cheers ot their supporters. The leather was again put in motion, but the score remained unaltered when half- time was called. On ends being changed hostilities were resumed with great vigor. The Parks fought "hard and fast" to recover their lost vantage, but without avail, as their opponents were too heavy for them, and frequently endangered their quarters. Time was called, leaving the.Willimgas the victors by one goal to nil. The game throughout was con tested in a very friendly spirit. The Parka were at a disadvantage, as tbey had to play without their captain, Mr. A. M. Pettinger, who had been, disabled from playing at a previous match. Mr. Hurtle Allen captained the local men, and Mr. E. LeMesurier was t - -..silent field umpire. lit the evening a concert was given by the Sou Park Minstrels in the Odd fellows' ETall. There was a crowded attendance. The first part of the programme was composed of the usual selection of Ohrisry melodies, and wa3 rendered by Messrs. T. J.Jessop, A.S. 0. Nairne, A. J. Barker, 0. Cooper, E. Murch, J. Adams, andA.Billm. All the pieces were well giveu, and Mr. Barker was rewarded with an encore for the spirited manner in which lie sung " The dearest spot on earth." Mr. i£. Slurcn aud two ovlier members of the company received a similar compliment for their excellent: and amusing rendition (in character) ot a sketch entitled "St. Patrick's Day Parade." In the second part of the programme Messrs. Barker, ft lurch, Cooper, Adams, and Sharpe succeeded in drawing the warmest plaudits of their auditors for different songs, especially Mr. Murch, who was encored to the echo for a comic cong and step dance. Mr. G eorge Laugh ton added con siderably to the evening's amusement by giving a display of his ventriioguial powers, and was the recipient of loud applause for his explana tion of the art. The concert concluded with a sketch " Toby and the Ghost," the characters in which were taken by Messrs. Billin. Nairne, and Cooper. Ivlr. A. O. Bee tsoa accompanied on the piano throughout the concert. Willuugi was left by the visitors about midnight, and the city was reached at 5 a.ra. on Sit unlay. 