THE NOVELIST. j THE CLOVEN FOOT. BTTHB AUTHOB OT? "LADY AUDLEY'S SEOEET/' &c;, &c.; TThe solo right of publication of "Tho Cloven Foot has been purchased by tho proprietors of this journal from Mu» . Braddon.] CHAPTER XXVI.-A DISINTERESTED PAKENT (CONTINUED). ¡stop," enea juesroues, Barwiig uu m* m. and speaking in a louder tone than ho had us< hitherto, "I forbid you to breathe a word of n or my business to jour husband. When I rovcalc myself fco you I pledged you to secrecy. I i: gist--" Ho stopped and stood facing tho doorway b tween tho tiro rooms, staring aghast, horro stricken, aB if he had seen a ghost. "Great heaven!" he exclaimed, "what brinj: you hore?" John Treverton stood in tho opon doorway, tall, dark figuro, in a long velvet dressing-gow: Laura flew to his side, "Dearest, why did you got up?" sho erie« " How imprudent of you." "I heard a voico raised as if threateningly What has brought this man here- with you ?" ,,"He is tho relation about whom you once quei tionod me, John," Laura answered, falteringly " You havo not forgotten." "This man related to you ?" cried TroYortoi "This man?" "Yes. You know each other." "Wo have mot before," answered Trevertox wlio had never taken his eyes from the other man* face. "We met last linder very painful circum stances. It is a surprise to find a relation of your in Mr.--" ' " Mansfield," interrupted Desrolles. " I hav changed tho name of Malcolm for Mansfield-¡ name in my mother's family-for Laura's sake It might bo disadvantageous for her to own kin drod with a man whom the world has played foot ball with for the last ten years." Desrolles had grown ashy palo sincp tho on tranco of Laura's husband, and tho hand witl which ho poured out MB third glass of brand] shook like a leaf. . " Highly considerate on your part, Mr. Mans field," replied John Treverton. " May I ask foi what reason you have favoured my wife with this late, visit?" ,"The usual motive that brings a poor relation to a rich man's house. I want money, and Laura can afford to givo it. Why beat about tho bush ?" ? ? ,'f Why, indeed: Plain dealing will bo; best in this caso. I think, as it is a simple matter of business you had better let me arrangé, it with you.; Laura, will you leave your kinsman's claims for me to settle ? You may trust me to take a liberal view of Ms position." . I will trust 'you, "dearest, now and ? always,1' answered Ms wife, giving him her hand, and then she went to Desrolles, and offered him the same . frank hand, looking at ¡him with tender earnest ness. ^ Good . night," she . said, ' " and good-bye. I beg you to trust my husband, as I trust hun. 'Believe me,! it will be th© best for all; of us. He wilTbe aa ready to recognise your, claim as I am, if you, will confide in bim. Ifj have fatsted him with my, life,1 cannot you tnist' him' with your teeret P," .; " Good night," , said Desrolles, curtly, f l haven't got brer my astonishment yet." "At what??1 " .? ? At finding you married.'1' ':<..>:{ " Good night," she said again, on thé threshold of the door, and then she came to tell her'husband not to fatigue or excite Mm'self,. "I can only give you a quarter bf an hour," she said to Desrolles. ,"Pray remember that my husband is an invalid, and ought to be in bed." " Go to your children, dearest," said Treverton, smiling at her anxiety, "I'shall' be careful." The .door closed behind Laura, and the two men, fellow-lodgers ä: year ago in Gibber-street, stood face to face with each'other. ' ' ' . ? '"' " So you are John Treverton ?" said Dssrolles, wiping Ms lips with that tremulous hand of his, and looking with a hungry.eye at the half-empty decanter, looking anywhere rather than straight intothe^eyes of MB fellow-man. " And you claim relationship with my wife ?", "Nearer, perhaps, than you would care to hear j so near that I have some right to know how you, Jack CMcot, came to be her husband-how it was that you married her a year ago, at which period . ' the lovely and accomplished Madame CMcot, whom I had the honour to know, was still living ? Either that charming woman was not your wife, or your marriage with Laura Malcolm is invalid." " Laura is.my wife, and her marriage as valid as law can make it," answered John Treverton. ? " That is enough for you to know. And now be good enough to explain your degree of kindred with Mrs. Treverton. You say your real name is Malcolm; What was your relationsMp with Laura's father?" "Laura urged me to trust you with my secret," muttered Desrolles, throwing Mmself into his former seat by the fire, and speaking like a man \- who is calculating the chances of a certain line of policy. "Why should I not be frank with you, Jack-Treverton? How much handier the old ' name comes ! Had you been the punctilious piece of respectability I exoected to meet in the heir of my old friend Jasper Treverton, I might have shrunk from telling you a secret that hardly redounds to my credit, from the churchgoer and ratepayer's point of view. But to you- Jack-tho artist and Bohemian, the man who has tumbled on every platform and acted in every show of the world's fair-to you I may confide my secret without a blush. Come, fill mo another glass, like a good fellow ; my hand shakes as if I had the scrivener's palsy. You know the history of Jasper Trover ton's adopted daughter?" " I have heard it, naturally." " You havo heard how Treverton, who had quar relled with Ms friend Stephen Malcolm, about a i foolish love affair, was summoned many years after . to that friend's sick bed-found him dying, as 1 everyone supposed-then and there adopted IL cohn's only child, and carried her off with h leaving a fifty pound note to comfort his old frier last, moments and pay the undertaker." "Tos, I havo heard all this." " But not what follows. "When a doctor give patient up for dead ho is sometimes on the h: road to recovery. Stephen Malcolm contrived cheat tho doctor. Perhaps it was the comf provided by that fifty-pound note, perhaps it ^ the knowledge that his only child's future was p vided for-anyhow, it seemed as if a burden 1: been lifted from tho sick man's shoulders, for fr. the time Jasper Treverton left him, he mend got a new lease of life, and went out into 1 world again-a lonely wayfarer, happy in 1 knowledge that his daughter's fate was no lonf allied with his, that whatever evil might bei him her lines were set in pleasant places." " Do you mean to tell me that Stephen Mhlco recovered-lived for years-and allowed his dauf tor to suppose herself an orphan, and his friend believe him dead ?" " To tell the truth would havo l>eon to hazp his daughter's good fortune. As an orphan, a the adopted child 'of a rich bachelor, her lot TI securo. What would it have beon if she had be flung back upon her actual father, to share his p] carious existence? I considered this, and to the unselfish view of tho question. I might ha claimed my daughter back ; I might have spong on Jasper. I did neither-I went my sólita way, along the stony highway of lifo, uncheer« unloved." " You !" cried John Treverton. " You ?" " Yes. In me you behold tho wreck of Steph Malcolm." . "You Laura's father! Great heaven! Wh you have not a feature,'notja look in common wi her. Her father ? This is indeed a revelation.1 "Your astonishment is not flattering,to vc My child resembles her mother, who was one the loveliest women I ever saw. Yet I can assu you-Mr.-Treverton, that at your ago St phen Malcolm had somo pretensions to go< looks." " I am not disputing that, man. You may ha1 been as handsome as Adonis j but my 'Laura father should have at least something of her, loc and air ; a, emilo, a glance, a turn of the head, something that would reveal the mystic link b tween parent and child. Does she know this Does she recognise you as her father P" " She does, poor child. It is at her wish I ha\ revealed myself to you." " How long has she known ?" ? . "It is a littlo moro than five years since, I to] her.' I had just returned from the Confinen where I had spent seven years of my lifo in sel imposed exile. ' Suddenly I was seized with th outcast's yearning to tread his native soil agaii and. look upon the scenes of youth once more bf fore death closed his öyes for ever. I came baok could not resist the impulse that drew me to m daughter-put myself one day in her pathway, an told her my story. From that time I have see her at intervals." "And haye received money from her," put i John Treverton. . . " She is rich, and I am poor. ' She has helpe mo to live." ... j j . . . u; .¡ ii.You. might haye. lived."upon.t.the mpney",sh gave you a little more reputably than you trer Hying in Cibber-streot, when wo were feUow-loc gers."' ,.¡' ." . - " What wore my, vices, in Cibbér-street P M life was inoffensive." ;?'.' "'. ' , " Late hours, and tho brandy bottle--the ruin c body and soul." . ; "I haye a chronic malady that makes brandy i necessity for me." V" 1 " Would it not be moro exact to say thatbrandj is your chronic malady ?; Well, Mr. Mansfield, ! shall mako a proposition to you in the character o your son- in-law." "I have a few words to say to you before yoi make it. I have told you my secret,, which all tin world may know, and welcome. I have committee no crime in allowing my old friend to suppose rn« dead.' I have only sacrificed my own interests tc tliö advantage of my daughter. But you, Mr. Tre. verton, have your secret, and one which I think you would hardly like to lay bare to the world ir whioh you are now such an important personage Themaster of Hazolhurst Manor,would scarcelj care to be identified with Jack Chicpt, the carica turist, and husband-at least by common repute -of the dancer whose nanio used to adorn all the walls of London." , "No," said Treverton, " that is a dark page in my life which I would willingly tear out of the book. But I have always known the probability of my finding myself identified with the past, sooner or later. This world of- ours is monstrous big when a man tries to make a figure in it; but it's very small when he wants to hide himself from his fellow-men. I have told my wife all I can tell her without stripping the veil from that past life of mine. To tell her more would bo to make her unhappy. You liave no motive for telling her more than I have told her. I can rely on y«ur honour in this matter ?" " You can," answered Desrólles, looking at him curiously, "but I shall |expect you to treat me handsomely-as a son-in-law whose wealth has come to him through his marriage should treat his wife's father." " What would you call handsome treatment ?" asked Treverton. "I'll tell you. My daughter, who has a wo man's petty notions about money, has offered me six hundred a year. I want a thousand." " Do you ?" asked Troverton, with half-concealed contempt. " Well, live a respectable life, and nei ther your daughter nor I will grudge you a thou sand a year." " I shall live the life of a gentleman. Not in England. My daughter wants to get mo out of the country. She said as much just now, or, at any rate, what she did say implied as much. A Continental life would suit my humour, and per haps mend my health. Annuitants are long lived." b "Not when they drink a bottle of brandy a day." " In a milder climate I may diminish the quan tity. Give me a hundred in ready money to be gin -with, and I'll go back to London by tho nra train to-morrow morning, and start for Paris^ a night. I ask for no father's place at your Christ mas table. I don't want you to kill the fatted cal for me." " I understand," said Treverton, with an invo luntary sneer ; "you only want money. You shal have it." He took a bunch of keys from his pocket am unlocked a despatch box, in which he was in th habit of keeping money received from his stewari before he sent it off to the bank. There was i little over a hundred pounds in tho box, in note and gold. John Treverton counted a hundred tho crisp notes, the bright gold lay in a tempting heap on tho table before him ; but he kept hil hand upon tho money for a minute or two, whil< he sat looking at it with a meditative countenance "By the way, Mr.-:- Mansfield," he began after that thoughtful silence, "when, after a laps« of so many years, you presented yourself to youi daughter, what credentials did you bring wit! you?» "Credentials?" " Yes. In other words, how did you prove youi identity ? You had parted with her as a child oi six. Did her memory recall your features whoi she met you as a girl of seventeen, or did she tak( your word for the fact that you were the fathej Bho had believed to be in his grave ?" " She remembered mo when I recalled myself tc her. At first her memory was naturally vague She had a dim recollection of my face, but no cer tainty as tb when and where sho had last seen it; until I recalled to her tho circumstances of hei childhood, the last days wo spent together before my serious illness, her mother, the baby brothel thatched when sho was three years old. John Tre verton, you libel nature' if you suppose that a daughter's instinct can fail her when a father ap peals to it. Had material proofs been wanted tc convince my child that her father stood before her; I had those proofs, and I showed them to her-old letters, the certificate of her birth, her mother's picture. I have the documents about me to-night. I have never parted with them." He produced a bloated pocket-book, tho leather worn shiny with long usage, tho silk lining frayed and ' ragged, and from this receptacle brought forth half a. dozen papers, yellow with age. One was the certificate of Laura Malcolm's birth, furnished by the registrar at Hammersmith. The other fivo were letters addressed to Stephen Mal colm, Esq., Ivy Cottage, Chiswick:. One of these, the latest in date, was from Jasper Treverton. "I am deeply grieved to hear of your serious illness, my poor friend," he wrote; "your lotter followed me to Germany, whore I have been spend ing the autumn at one of the famouB mineral baths. I started for England immediately, and landed here half an hour ago. I shall come on as fast as rail and cabs can bring me, and, indeed, hope to be with you before you get this letter. " Yours in all friendship, , " JASPER TREVERTON. "The Ship Hotel, Dover, . 15th October, 185-." The other letters were from friends of the past, like Jasper. Some had endosad aid in the shape of a . cheque or a post"officé order. Others , were sympathetic and : regretful refusals, : to assist a broken-down acquaintance. The writers offered their impecunious friend 'every good wish,¡and be nevolently commended him to Providence. In every case the respectability and the respectful tone of Stephen Malcolm's correspondents went far to testify to the fact that ho had once been a gentleman.: There was a deep descent from the position of the man to whom , those' letters were written to the status of Mr. DoBrolles, the second floor lodger in Cibber-street. . So far as they went his credentials were unde niable. Laura hod recognised him as her father. What justification could John Treverton find for repudiating his claim¿ For the money the man demanded he cared not a jot j but it pained him; unspeakably to accept this dissipated waif, soaked in alcohol, as the father, of the woman he loved. . " There is your hundred pounds, Mr. Mansfield," he said, "and since you have taught the little world of,Hazelhurst to eonsidermy wife an orphan, the less you BIÍOW yourself here the better for oïl of us.. Villages are given to scandal. If you were to be seen at this house peoplo would want to know who you aro and all about you." " I told you I should start for Paris to-morrow night," , answered Desrolles, strapping his \ pocket-book, which was now distended to its utter most with notes and gold. " I shan't change my mind.' I'm fond of Paris and Parisian ways, and know my way about that glorious city almost as well as you, though I never married a French wife." - : ..'? ; !"';; .' -, John Treverton sat silent, with his thoughtful gazo bent on the fire, apparently unconscious of the other man's sneer. " Ta ta, Jock. Any message for your old friends in the Quartier Latin ? Nb P Ah, I suppose the Squire of Hazelhurst has turned his back on the companions of Jack Chicot, just as King Harry the Fifth threw off the joyous comrades of the Prince of Wales. The desertion broke poor old Falstaff's heart ; butthaf s a dotail. Good night, Jack." ' Laura re-entered the room at this, moment, and drew back startled at hearing her father address her husband with such friendly familiarity. "I have told Mr. Treverton everything, my dear," said Desrolles. " I am so glad of that," answered Laura, and then she laid her hand upon the old man's shoul der, with more affection than she had ever yet shown him, and said, with grave gentleness, " Try to lead a good life, my dear father, and let us hear from you sometimes, and let us think of each other kindly, though Fate has separated us." " A good life," he muttered, turning his blood shot eyes upon her for a moment with a look that thrilled her with a sudden horror. " The money should have come sooner, my girl. I've travelled too far on the wrong road. There, good- bye, my dear. Don't trouble yourself about an old scape grace like me. Jack, send me my money quarterly to that address"-he threw down a dingy looking card-" and PU never worry you again. You can blot me out of your mind, if you like, and you need ? never fear that my tongue will say an evil word of you, go where I may." , ? . . < < . " I will'trust you for that/* answered John Tre verton, holding out Iiis hand. - Desrolles either did not see the gesture, or did not care to take the hand. He snatched up his greasy-looking hat and hurried from the room. " Dearest, do you think any worse of mo now you know that man is my father," asked Laura, when tho door had closed upon Desrolles, and tho hell had been rung to warn Trimmer of the guestV departure. " Do I think any worse of a pearl because it comes out of an oyster," said her husband, smiling at her. " Dear love, if the Parish Workhouse were peopled with your relations, not one of them moro reputable than Mr. Mansfield, my love and rever ence for you would not bo lessened by a tittle." " You don't believe in hereditary genius, then. You don't think that we derive our characters mainly from fathers or mothers." " If I did I should believe that your mother was an angel, and that you inherited her disposition." " My poor father," said Laura, with something between a sigh and a shudder, "Ho was once a gentleman." " No doubt, lovo. Thero is no saying how low a man may descend when he once takes to travel ling down hill." " If he had not been a gentleman, my adopted father could never have been his friend," mused Laura. " It would not have been possiblo for Jas per Treverton to associate with anything base." "No, love. And now tell me, when first iyour father presented himself to you, was it not a great surprise, a shock to your feelings?" \ " It was indeed." j " Tell me, dear, how it happened. Tell me all about'it, if it does not pain you." . "No, dear. It pained me for you to know that my father had fallen so low, but now that you know the worst, I feel happier in my mind. It is a relief to mo to be able .to speak of him freely. Eemember, Jack, he had bound me solemnly to secrecy. I would not break my promise even to you." ..". " I understand all, dear." ; "Tho first time I saw my father," Laura began falteringly, |as if even to speak of hun by: that sacred name were painful to her, " it was summer time, a lovely August evening, and I had strolled out after dinner into the orchard. You know tho gate that opens from tho orchard into the yard. I saw a man standing outside it smoking, with his arms resting on the top of the gate. Seeing a stranger there I turned away to avoid him, but be fore I had gone three steps he stopped me. f Miss Malcolm, for God's sake' let me speak to you/ he said. * I am an old friend whom you must re member/ I went up to him and looked him full in tho face; for there was such earnestness in his manner that it never occurred tome that he might be an'impostér. * Indeed, I do not remember you/ I said, 'when have I-ever;seen you?' Then he called me by my Christian name, ' Laura/ ho said, 'you were six years old when Mr. Treverton brought you here. Havé you quite forgotten the hfe that went before that time P'" She paused, and her husband drew her to' the low chair by the fire, and seated himself beside her, letting her head rest on his shoulder. "Go on, love," he said gently, <fbut not if .these memories agitate you." "No, dear. 'It is a relief to confide in you.; I told him that I did remember the time5 before I came to the Manor House. - Some events I could remember distinctly, others faintly, like .'the shadows in a dream. I remembered being in Prance, by the sea, in a place where tho fisher women wore bright-coloured petticoats and high caps, where I had children pf .my own age' tc» 'play with, and where tho 'sun seemed always shining. And then the life had changed to dull grey .days in a place near a river, a place where there were narrow lanes and country roads and fields ; and yet there was a great town close by, with tall chimneys and crowded streets. I remembered that here my mother was ill, lying in a darkened room for many weeks; and then one day my father took me to London in the omnibus, and left me in a large cold-looking house in. a great square-a ' house where all the rooms were big and lofty, and liad an awful look after om* little parlour at home, and where I used to sit in a drawingroom all day, with au old lady in black satin, who let me amuse my self as best as I could. I think I must have stayed thero about a week, but it seemed ages, for I was very [unhappy, and used to cry myself to sleep every hight when tho maid had put mo to bed in a large bleak room at .the top of the house ; and then my father came and took me homo again! in the red omnibus. I could seo that he was very un happy, and while we wero walking in the lane that led to our house he told me that my dear mamma had gone away, and that I should never see her again in this world. I had loved her passionately, Jack, and the loss almost broke my heart. ! am telling you much more than I told the stranger. I only said enough to him to provo that I remem bered my old life." " And how did he reply ?" " He took a morocco case from his pocket and gave it into my hand, telling me to look at the port rait inside it. Oh, how well I remembered that sweet face. The memory of it flashed upon me like a dream one has forgotten and tried vainly to recall, till it comes back suddenly in a breath. Yes, it was my mother's face. I could remember her looking just like that as she sat at work on tho rocks by the sands where I played with the other children, at that happy place in France. I re- j membered her sitting by my cot every night beforo ; I fell asleep. I asked the stranger how he came to possess this picture. 'I would give all the money I have in the world for it/ I said. ' You shall (do nothing of the kind/ ho answered. ' I give it you as a free gift, but I should not, havo done [that if you had not remembered your mother's face. And now, Laura, look at nie and toll mo if ever you have seen me before ?' " "You looked and could not remember him/' said John Treverton. , r ; " No. There was something in the f aco that ! I seemed familiar to me. When he spoke I knew \ that I had heard the voice before. It seemed kind and friendly, like the voice of some One I had liked ? long ago. He told me to realise what change ten years of evil fortune would make in a man's looks. It'was not time only which had altered him, he told me, but the world's ill-usage, bad health, hard work, corroding sorrow. 'Make allowance for all this/ he said, ' and look at me with in dulgent eyes, and then try to send your thoughts to that old life at Chiswick, and say what part I had in it.' I did look at him very earnestly, and the more I looked the more familiar the face grew. ' I think you must be a friend of my father's,' I said at last. 'Poverty has no friends,' he answered, ' at the time you remember your father was friendless. Oh, child, child, can ton years ¿lot out a father's image ? I am your father.' " (TO BB CONTINUED) 