GENERAL NEWS. The R.M.S.-Assam left Albany for Ade laide at 11 p.m. on Friday last. The Rev. James "Henderson will lecture in St. Andrew's Church to-morrow evening, on w The adaptation of the Sabbath to the Moral, and Intellectual Mature of Man." 1 A deputation waited on the Commis sioner of Pnblio Works on Saturday morning to aBk him to introduce a Bill into Parliament for the purpose of repealing; provisions of the existing 'Act compelling Tramway Com panies to metal- hnd keep in " repair roads between this line of.;: rails and 18 inches on the . other side, and to impose on the Companies an Uniform rating based on an assessment of 5 per cent on the capital valne of their property,, and also to vest in the Government instead of the Corporation power to give or withhold permission to use steam motors in streets. The Commissioner gave a favorable reply. Some additional particulars, with regard to the mysterious affair iu which Miss Adelaide Fronde is concerned have come to hand. The Superintendent of Police has receive d tele grams from the captain and mate of the barque Coorotfg at Port Pirie saying that they can swear Rae never left the vessel between Saturday night and Monday morning, when the Coorong Bailed. If this be the case of course Rae is exonerated from any suspicion, while the matter in relation to. ,'the unknown Grenville.assumes a still more inexplicable shape. In addition to this information, however, it has transpired/ that the girl seen by Wilkins on Monday morning.. lying on the railway line between Glenelg and Brighton had a book under her head and a parasol in her hand, - Now it seems scarcely probable that, supposing this girl ito have been Adelaide Froude,. she could have passed through so many strange ariv3ntui63 and hav6 retained possession of her book and-parasol. The Superintendent of Police states that he is perfectly satisfied with the result of the enquiry, and does not intend to pursue it any farther. It is possible the public may take a different view; The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour ou Saturday is registered, as follows:— Eucla ... ... 0 010 | Kapunda ... 0 010 The following ia Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph LineBeltana, S.E , fresh, cloudy, dull; Farina, S.E., light, cloudy, dull, cool; Strangways Springs, S.E., fresh, cloudy, dull, cold; Peake, calm, cloudy, dull; Charlotte Waters, N.E. moderate, cloudy, dull ; Alice Springs, S.E., light, cloudy, dull, raining; Bar row Creek, calm,fine,cool; Tennant Greek,S.E., strong, clear, fine, cold; Powell Creek, S.E., strong, clear, fine, pleasant; Daly Waters, S.E., light, clear, fine, cool; Katherine, S.E., light, clear, fine; Pine Creek, S.E., light, olear fine, warm; Yam Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine, warm; Southport, S.E., calm, few clouds, fine, cool; Port Darwin, S.E, calm, clear, fine, .cool.. , The date of opening the Sydney Inter national Exhibition has been positively fixed for Wednesday, September 17. The number of actions brought in the Adelaide Local Court from January 2 to July 31, was 6,772. Messrs. Green & Co, sold on Thursday portion of Town Acre 109, on which their officeB stand, having a frontage ef 20 feet to King William-street by a depth to Giibert-place, sub ject to the existing leases, at £230 per foot. The suggestion made a short time ago that some warming apparatus should be placed in the cells at Police Stations for the benefit of prisoners in cold weather has recently been acted upon at Port Adelaide, by hotwater pipes being placed round the floor of the cells. To-morrow, at 3 p.m., the Vicar-General will lay the foundation-stone of the new Roman Catholic Presbytery at Port Adelaide. The site, which is on the Port-road, has been recently purchased fer £1,000. The tender for the build ing now in progress is £1,190, Mr. Kelly being the contractor.; The structure will be in the Gothic style. Mr. E. Poulton is the architect. On Thursday an Office and Requiem Mass for the Rev. Patrick Kehoe, who died recently at Penola, were held m St. Francis Savior's Cathedral. The catafalque, draped in black and having lighted candles at each side, supported a chalice and stole and other clerical symbols. There were eighteen priests, besides a number of acolytes, present in the sanctuary, and a large congregation thronged the church and testified their sorrow for the deceased priest. One of our correspondents who has been writing on the subject of diamonds, has left at this office, for a few days, one of these precious stones, which he obtained on the diggings in South Africa, and we shall he happy to show it to anyone who may call. It is in its matrix, which looks like a conglomerate, and is greasy to the touch, hut we are informed that a com petent geologist has declared it to be decomposed granite. The gem is of fair size and very brilliant. On Thursday, August 7; the Central Committee of the Cornwall Relief Fund held a meeting in the Town Hall, Adelaide; the Mayor, Mr. "W. 0. Buik, presiding. According to the report of the honorary secretary, Mr. G. H. Cargeeg, there are still a number of subscription lists to be returned, and this will consequently prevent the fund from being closed at present. Is was, however, resolved to remit a further sum of £100 by the outgoing mail to-day, which will make the total remitted by the Central Committee for the relief of the distressed per sons in Cornwall, £1,050. The hope was ex pressed that those who had hot sent in their lists would do so at once, so .that the final re mittance can be made by the next mail. The twenty-fifth ordinary meeting of the South Australian Insurance Company was held on Friday afternoon, The report and balance sheet showed that the Company had a success ful year, the profits allowing the sum of £5,000 to be added to the reserve fund, aud a dividend of 2s. per share to be paid. Messrs. J. Counsel!, and George Scarfe, the retiring Directors, were re-elected; and Messrs.George Young and W. S. Douglas were reappointed Auditors. The remuneration of the five Directors for the cur rent year was fixed at £500, and that of the Auditors for the past half-year at £20 each. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Directors for their services. The A Company Adelaide Rifles are to proceed to Dry Creek to-day, where they will receive instruction in. shelter trench and pitch exercise. There will be a parade on the usual ground this afternoon at half-past 1 o'clock. In regard to the after rules published iu the general order on the 21st February last the officers and non-commissioned officers who have already given in their names as being desirous of obtaining instruction in army signalling are informed that if they meet Major Godwin at the Staff Office at 8 o'clock on Monday evening next preliminary arrangements will be made for a course of instruction on that point. Colonel Downes is to deliver another of his series of lectures in the Grote-street Model School on "Wednesday evening, August 13. The, subject of the lecture is The characteristics of the three arms and tactics of infantry. The seventh' half-yearly meeting of the Coast Steamship Company (Limited ) was held at the offices of the Secretary, Mr.G. R. Selth, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, August 8. Share holders representing 325 shares were present. Mr. O. J. Penny presided. The Directors in their report stated- that, considering the great depression that had existed in every class of shipping business lately, they thought the steamer Ceres had done well. With the view of doing away with competition at Stan3bury they had entered into negotiations with the Southern Yorke's Peninsula Steamship Com pany for the Geres to trade to Stansbury only, giving np Edithburgh entirely to the James Comrie, belonging to that Company. - The arrangements so far had worked very satisfac torily. They had lately started running the Ceres to Port Vincent, and their .trade with that . port.. was increasing. , The Ceres - was now undergoing- an overhaul, and repairs were being -effected to meet the probable increase of trade daring the. coming season. The balance-sheet showed a clear profit of nearly £600 for the half-year. A dividend of 10 per cent, was declared, which with that of 12|per cent, for the previous half-year, showed a dividend for the whole year of 22| per cent. Messrs. D. W. Scott and G. P. Hodge were re elected Auditors, and Messrs. C. J. Penny aud J. McPherson Directors. On the motion 6f Dr. Patterson a vote of thanks was carried to the Secretary and officers for their services. Two interesting additions have been re cently made to the collection of natural curiosi ties in the Museum at the Botanic.Gardens. By the Borealis,,which arrived atPort Adelaide a [few weeks kago, Dr. Schombargk received from Herr Antoine, Director of the Imperial Gardens at Vienna, a petrified trunk of the "uracarites schrollianus, Goepp, which is now exhio a conspicious position in the Museum teee which it was formerly a nart is* cln^W "Hied to'the genus auracaria (NorfolkSpine;,^belongsto aclassof pines which has ceased to c. Europe. An extensive petrified forest of t., .*^5.was lately discovered at the estate of Pi . ac0 Eippe, Nachod, Bohemia. There is a protubera- °e.03 the trunk sent to Dr. Sohomburgk, which Pro^ feasor Geppert of^Breslau, the eminent - autho °!J the fossil flora, believes to have been effected by a powerful vertical pressure on the trunk. It is not' stated at what depth the subterranean forest was discovered. ; The specimen in .the museum is so . hard and titonelike in appearance that but for the clear evidence of its vegetable origin afforded % the grain and the marks of the boughs at the junction with the trunk, it might be taken for a curiously formed rock. It is about, 34 feet in height, and weighs 24 tons. The Jother addition to the museum, also re ceived from Herr Antoinei, is a specimen of the limestone found covering the surface of the Earst Mountains, near Trieste, in Illyria.' The stones are mostly perforated and hollowed out by the influence of fearful storms called " The Bora." The specimeti is somewhat similar in appearance to limestone • whioh may be seen at various places in, this colony. By the Astronomer, which is now1 on the water and will probably arrive at the latter end of this month. Dr. Schomburgk expects a very large collection of botanical specimens kindly forwarded by Dr. Hooker, of the Kew Oardens. On Friday morning,'-August 8, the ' Minister of Education (the Hon. Thomas King), Mr. J. A. Hartley (Inspector-General of Schools), and Mr. E. J.' Woods"( Architect-in-CJhief)' visited the yards of Messrs. Waddington and Wright, Angas-street, for the purpose, of in-; specting one of a number of weatherboard school buildings which the Government have :decided On adopting for the country districts. Messrs. Waddington & Wright, have been the successful tenderers for the construction of six of these structures.f That seen on Friday morn ing was about half .finished, and, judging from what we saw of it, will when completed have a substantial and handsome appearance.' Its dimensions are 20 by. 15 feet, and height; 13 by 6 : feet. It will accommodate from 25 to 30 children. There are also: two rooms attached for a single teacher's residence. Oregon deal is used for the framings, whilst the stumps, plates, and joists are of jarrah and gum. Seven-eighths, j weatherboarding will be used outside^ and the inside framing will consist of five-eightha matchboarding. The cost of the building com plete with fittings, desks, &o.;, in Adelaide is about £174; within 50 miles from the metropolis, £222 ; 100- miles, £226; and 150 mileB, £230. It is to be understood that in the erection of these buildings up-country the Government are to forward the plant and find the stumps. The ventilation will be as complete as in the present stone buildings, and it is estimated that with a fresh coat of paint every three years they will last for thirty years. The advantages-they poaaess over stone buildings of a similar size is that they can be constructed in two months, whilst the former take about seven months. They are also more suitable for town ships where the inhabitants are liable to migrate altogether. The average cost of stone buildings, to accommodate fifty children,'is from £700 to £900, according to the locality. Messlft Wad dington and Wright expect to he able to com plete the six buildings in about three weeks. " The wonderful effect of the electric light has been exemplified in England and America by night displays which have enabled fcotball matches to be played; but for the first time in Victoria its effect in that respect was exhibited last night," says the Age of August 6, .".on the Melbourne cricket ground, when the public were afforded the novel enter tainment of witnessing a football match played by the aid of this light. The novelty attracted an immense concourse of spectators. About 10,000 persons paid for admission to the. Mel bourne ground, nearly half that number jumped the fence, and about 5,000 more congregated on the rising ground in the vicinity of the enclosure. Those who visited the ground had every reason to be satisfied. The scene was q beautiful oue. In all there were six electric lights, three of which were worked by engines. One of the engines; that belonging to Sands & McDougall, went wroDg, and the .light which, in the first part of the evening was the most brilliant on the ground, was extinguished. The other two engines worked lights near the grand stand satisfactorily, as did also the two battery worked lights. The display was conducted by Lieut. Draper, of the Engineer Corps, and both those who were engaged in the football match and those who witnessed the wonderful scene were^agreed on the point that a wonderful suc cess had been achieved. The match was be tween twenty membarsof the Colling wood Rifles and a like number, of. the East Melbourne volunteers. In the first part of the game the East Melbourne had all the best of it, and kept the ball in their opponents' half nearly the whole time, securing five behinds and one goal. The goal was kicked by Rainsford out of a scrimmage. In the second half East Melbourne again prevailed, and secured three more behinds and one goal. The goal in this instance was kicked from a little mark by Goad win. For East Melbourne Taylor (captain). Oocleston, Rainsford, Fenton, Goodwin, Goodman, John son, and Donaldson distinguished themselves, as did Clark (captain), McNicoll, Smith, and Yonng for the Colliugwood Rifles. Consider ing the very largo crowd of spectators present, the proceedings were very orderly." Ah inquest was held at Fitzroy, Mel bourne, on Tuesday, August 5, by Dr. Youl, on the body of Mary Madeley, aged 42 years, who (the Argus says) committed suicide in a most deliberate manner on the previous day. Jehu Madeley, bricklayer, of Fitzoy, deposed—The deceased was my wife. She has left no family. She had been very irritable of late, but had never threatened to destroy herself. The letter produced is in her handwriting. I went to my work yesterday mofning at half-past 7 o'clock. I left the deceased in bed and alive. The razor produced is mine. It was in the room where my wife was in bed. We quarrelled occasionally. The deceased was very irritable, so much so that I had hot spoken to'her for several days.' I know of no reason for her committing suicide'. Mary Nisbett, widow,'residing at 26,-Charles street, Fitzroy, deposed—I know the deceased. I have lived next door to her for several years. Deceased and her husband quarrelled a good deal. The deceased drank a great deal of beer. Her husband drank also a ltttle. I noticed no peculiarity about iier. I went to' See the .de ceased yesterday morning. I found her in bed. She was bleeding very much from a wound in her arm, I received the; letter produced from her by post, and'I went to see her in conse quence. The document was as follows"Mrs.") Nisbett—When you get this come , in; I have suffered much illusage'for the last four years from my husband. The marks from last week is on me now. My husband and his daughter scandalised me. i asked him if himself, or did he know any one else that new rong of me. his answer was no. Then why should he bring Dr. , Dr. ——Mr. , and Mr. -—, and his own son. He has called all those with improper meaning. " he said the——priests got all his money. 1 write these lines before my God, and truly say i am a virtuous wife to my husband. Mrs. Nis bett—he was aware that i was irish—a papist— t efore we were married. He says give him any one before Irish. He never will put another bucket of water over me aud my child, not. alive—as he has done—when I lay ill under Dr. Wilson's care. But my child Does Not Want A Ten Founds From His Father. Neither doe3 His Mother. But I hope Sereh Madeley will never die until she gets the same illusage as she caused me to get from her father. But not let' her in while my baby is in the house—Mrs. Nesbitt, I wish you to take all my wearing apparel, including my mother's quilt—that is a patchwork quilt; likewise Johnny's chair and Willie's toy-box that is in the front room. Please to publish these lines. God bless you . and yours.—Maiy Madeley.—This is my hand writing." When I went in she looked rather Btrange. I found that she was bleeding from the arm. I hound her arm. up and.sent for Dr. Lawrence. I found a razor under her bolster. The deceased told me she had cut her arm with the razor. She begged of me nob to save her, as she did hot wish ;to i live. Her husband was away at his wort. .1. think both the deceased and her husband were to blame for the. quarrelling. OctaviusV. Lawrence, surgeon, Fitzroy, deposed—I was called tosee the deceased yesterday rhoruiog between 10 and 11 o'clock. I found her suffer-. ing from a small wound in the left arm in the bend of the! elbow. She had lost a ; large quantity of blood, and was faint and weak. She was in bed. A razor was found' under hqr pil low. The deceased was'moribund from loss of blood., I dressed her arm, and.gave her stimu lants. She never rallied, and died at about half-past 1 o'clock. The cause of death was loss! of blood fromthe wound in her arm. , It was such a wound as could he self-inflicted. ' The Jury found that the deceased killed: herself by cutting her arm with a razor while of .unsound mind. ! . ' i We have received from: the author, Mr. Geo. Hamilton, J.P., a copy in pamphlet form of a paper read by him before the South Aus tralian Acclimatization Society in May last. Tho steeplechaser'Abdallah was..sold by auction by. Mr. S. Barnard on Friday afternoon, and was knocked down to Mr. Altmann pt guineas. t 4^ & Meeting of the Directors of tks Jockey Club Company held on Friday, it was ! E®® Jf? make _ certain overtures to the S. A.J.C., with the view to amalgamate, aqd also to endeavor to come to terms with the lessees of the Old Course to form one racing body. White's Room Waif Again well filled on Friday evening, August 8. Judging by the frequency the applause bestow*? %e efforts of the performers, Mr. D'Aroy jiJ* ,8 Ghost Entertainment was greatly appreciated. 