? THBATBB ROYAL.—Any one who could wish for a more enjoyable comedy than that of "New Men and Old Acres," as performed now at the Theatre Boyal, would indeed be hard to please; so seemed to think the thoroughly representative house which greeted the repetition of that cleverly constructed piece on Tuesday night. The applause was as freely given as it was well deserved. This evening the same comedy will be presented. COMCERT AT GLKKELG,—A successful concert by the Adelaide Amateur Minstrels was given in the Glenelg Institute on Monday evening, November 24, the hall being well filled. The programme consisted of the usual songs and negro comicalities, to which was added a clever exhibition of ventriloquism by Mr. Dimsdale. Messrs. Murch and Chamberlain undertook the parts of bones and tambo, and acquitted themselves to the satisfaction of the a&dience.; Mr. Murch had to respond to an imperative encore for the manner in which he rendered the song " Off to Brighton," and also for his characteristic song and dance, "The Heathen Chinee." Mr. Powers also came in for a full share of applause for his song and dance, " Flewey Flewey." Mr. Ernest Linden was heard to great advantage in the song " Far Away," which wtt the gem of the evening, as was also Mr. Herbert in " Still I love thee" and " Napolitain." The farcial sketch of "The Saveloy Man," by Messrs Humphries and MrFarlane, gave the latter an opportunity of displaying his comic powers. In the after sketch—" Barnum's Show"—Messrs. McFarlane, Chamberlain, and Powers succeeded in pleasing the audience. CHTJHCH OF ENOLAMD SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION. —A social tea and promenade concert in connection with the above Union took place in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Between four and five hundred persons attended the tea, and two or three hundred more patronised tbe concert. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide presided, and a number of the clergy were also present. The affair was a great success. His Lordship made a short address introductory to the concert, in which he expressed bis hearty sympathy with the Union and an earnest desire to do all he could to assist it. Miss Bernau played selections from " H Trovatore" on the piano, and a lady amateur also gave a fantasia with good execution. Messrs. B. Phillips, C. Burmeister, H. G. Nash, and L. Dyke sang some good songs, and a company of ladies and gentlemen contributed several concerted pieces in an able manner. Mr. E. J. Warhurst officiated as hon. musical conductor, and Mr. T. H. Jones as hon. pianist. BENEFIT EKTEBTAINMEHT. — On Tuesday night an entertainment, under the patronage ' of the Freemasons, was given in White's Rooms for the benefit of Mr. D'Arcy Read, who lately gave a series of ghost exhibitions in the same place, and has since suffered some mistortunes. The front seats were well filled, but the other ' parts of the ball were poorly patronised. A domestic farce entitled "Young Precocious," in which Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy Head and "little Annie" Read sustained the characters, opened the programme, after which a concert was given by Mr. De Vere, a male soprano, Little Annie, and Mr. T. Wilkins, the cornet player. Mr. De Vere also appeared in the role of a ventriloquist. The entertainment then concluded with Dibdin's operetta of " The Waterman," the performers being Mrs. Read, Miss Jewell, and Messrs. Ingram, Reeves, and Robson. Altogether a very enjoyable evening was spent. 