, LITERATURE. , Keview. POEMS AN» BALLADS (second series) t ALGERNON * CHAULES SWINBURNE. - Chati and Windus Piccadilly, 1878. (George Rober son, Sydney.) " . " HE who wrote the "Hymn to Proserpine ar " Felise " in his youth, and " Atalanta in Culj den " in his early manhood, irrespective of tl later works of his more matured judgment, thereh stands forth at onoe as one of the greatest, if n( even the greatest, poets of our time; and an work of his has therefore the impress of genii per se, and needs no introductory eulogium f roi us. It is only twelve years since his first book wi published-the " Poems and Ballads," of 1866 and since then no less than thirteen other worl in verse and prose have appeared, attesting at ont both the fecundity and versatility of his geniui and now we have the fifteeivth, in his sea m series of "Poems and Ballads," which, wit the like splendour of imagery and strengt of diction of the first series, are free fror the eroticism, and per fervid sensuousnes which called forth, at the time of their publica tion, so muoh hostile and wrathful criticism from the "unco guid," even whilst their un doubted genius and Btrong virility of sentimen carried the general world of letters at once b: storm, and won the appreciative admiration o all lovers of really great verse I As the microscope reveals to us a hiddei material universe of infinitely wondrous deaigi and beauty, which exists unknown of and unsee) by the common eye, so the heaven-illuminei gaze of genius dimly sees through the infinit distances the splendour of the mightier spiritua life surrounding us, and of which this feeble one o earth is but the blurred shadow and the fain echo ; and as in the kaleidoscope a ie\ fragments of common glass aro circled inti endless varied forms of perfect beauty anc colour, so with a few of the common words, whicl hourly syllable the common wants of daily life " *. he embodies the language of that higher esistenc -heard by him alone-and translates it for th 17 '» hearing and comprehension of the denser sightei -r\ and work-deafoned world of daily life ! Perhaps no modern writer lias so subtly intel preted the esotem spirit of the Higher Pantheistica -poetical Greek of the noblest era of Greece. A our author has said in " The last Oracle," tb highest high priest of Paian Apollo, might wei haye thus spoken : And he bowed down tris hopeless head In the drift of the wide world's tide. And dying. Thou hast conquered, he said Galdean ; be said it, and died. And the world that was thine and was ours When the Graces took bands with the Hours Grew cold ns a winter wavo In tho wind from a wide-mouthed grave. AB a gulf wldo open to swallow The light that the world hold dear. O father of all of us, ¿»alan, Apollo, Destroyer and healer, hoar ! Age on age thy mouth was muto, thy face was hidden. And the lips and eyes that loved theo blind and dumb; Bong forsook their tongues (hat held thy name forbidden. Light their eyes that saw the strange God's kingdom corni Pire for light and hell for Heaven and psalms for paeans Filled the clearest eyes and lips most sweat of Gong, When for obant of Grech s and wail of Galileans Made the whole' world moan with hymns of wrath am wrong. Tea, not yet we seo thee, father, as they «aw thee, Tiiny that worshipped when the world was theirs and thine, They whose words had power by thine own power to draw thee Down from Heaven till earth seemed more than Heaven divino. # # # » # * Time arose and smote thee silent at his warning, Change and darkness fell on men that fell from thee t Dark thou satest, veiled with light, behind the morning. Till the soul of men should lift up eyes and see. Till tho blind mute soul got speeoh again an eyesight, Man may worship not the light of life within ; lu his sight tho stars whoso fires grow dork In thy sight Shina as sunbeams on tho night of death and sin. Time again is risen with mightier word of warning, Change hath blown again a blast of Joudor breath ; Clothed with clouds and stars and dreams that melt in morn log. Lo, the Gods that ruled by grace of sin and death ! They are conquered, t'hoy break, thoy are strioken, Whose might made tho whole world palo ; They are dust tbatshrill riso not orquioken Though tho world for their death's sake wail. No English poet ever reached a higher pitch of passionate song than Shelley; but the following passage from " In the Bay " emulates him very closely in style and expression: Hath not the sea-wind swopt the sea-line bare To pave with stainless fire through stainless air A passage for thine heavenlier feat to tread Ungrieved of earthly floor-work P hath It spread No covering splendid as the sun-god's hair To veil or to reveal thy lordlier head? For in that Heaven what light of lights may be. What splendour of what stars, what spheres of Hame Bounding, that none may number nor may name, We know not, even thy brethren ; yea, not we . jf,. ;- Whose eyes desire tho light that lightened thee, ' '/.-2T* i Whose ways and thine are one way and tho same. -v-ll? * * * * » For now tho deep dense plumes of n'gbt are thlnnod Buroly with winnowing of the glim m ring wind Whose feot aro Hedged with morning ; and tile breath UepIiiB in Heaven that sings the dark to death. And all tbe night wherein men groaned and sinned Bickens at heart to bear what sundawn saith. . The greatest poots have an intenso yearning love \- io» humanity-a sympathy with its sufferings -and a aerene faith in it3 happier future, and as they see higher than their fellow men, may it not also be that they eeo clearer and truer, and that such prophecies may yet be fulfilled, either in the ages of time, or the arms of eternity ? ,.., In the "Forsaken Gardon" the very soul of de solation seems making its moan, and tonwaken within our souli the boding echo of the forlorn truth *' that all things must pass away," In a oalgu of tho oliff between lowland and highland At the sea-down's edge between windward and lee. Walled round with rooks as on inland Island, The ghost of a garden fronts the senv . A clrdlo of brushwood and thorn encloses ' The steep square slope of the blosBomlets hsd" Where the weed* that grew green fiom.the gravas oí Us roses ' Now lie dend. Tho Holds fail southward abrupt and broken, To tba low last edge of the long lone laud. * rt H Ä- h- j, The thorns aa epmi when the rose is taken; The rook« aro left when he wastes tho plain. The wind that wanders, the weeds wind-shaken, These remain. " ****** Or they loved their life through, and then went wither? And were one to the end-but what end who knows P Love deep ai the sea as a rose must wither, As the rose-red seaweed that mooks the rose. Bhall the dead take thought for the dead to love them ? What love was ever as deep as a «rave ? They are loveless now as the grass above them Or the wave. »#*»#'' Till the slow sea rise and the sheer oHÉf orumble, Till tt-rruoe and meadow Mie deep flrulfs drink. Till tho strength of tho waves of the high tides nummo Tho Heids that lessen, the rooks that shrink. Here now In his triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that, his own hand spread, As a god self-slain on his own strange altar, Death lies dead. OE that mere passing love-which " flames but awhile and then falters and fades," he sings in " At a month's end" BHent we went an hour together, Under (¡(rey skies by waters white. . Our hearts were full of windy weather. Clouds and blown stars and broken light. Pull of cold clouds and moonbeams drifted And steaming storms and straying Ares, Our souls in us were stirred and shifted By doubts and dreams and foiled desires. * * » # * * As a rtar feels the sun and falters, Touohed to death by diviner eyes As on the old gods' untended altars The old fire of withered worship dies lr * * * * * Bo once with flory breath and flying Your winged heart touched mine and went, And the swift spirits kissed, and sighing. Bundsred and smiled and were content. *' The year of the rose " breathes the very spirit oF that " sunny Bouth," which the soul of the northern poet ever seems yearning for. The year of the rose is brief ; From the first blade blown to the sheaf, From the thin green leaf to the gold, It has time to be sweet and grow old, To triumph and leave not a leaf * * # » # * . In the red-rose land not a mile Of the meadows from stile to stile, Of the valleys from stream to stream, Hut tbe air was a long sweet drsam And the earth was a sweet wide smile * * * * .* * From the change in the groy garden-closes To the last stray grass of the etraud, A rain and ruin of roses Over the red-rose land. Paltry and poor as the " sonnet" is, in which t° clothe great thoughts and light them with living and deathless fire, Mr. Swinburne makes the most of its laboured rhythm in "Giordam Brum, Philsopher, and Martyr." Lift up thy light on us and on thins own, O soul whose spirit on earth was as a rod To soo urge off prioste, a sword to pleroe their God, A staff for man's free thought to walk alone, A lamp to lead him far from shrine and throne On ways untrodden where his fathers trod Ere earth's heart withered at high priest's nod And all men's mouths that made not prayer made moan. From bonds and torments and the ravening flame Burely thy spirit of sense rose up to ereet Lucretius, where such only spirits meet. And walk with him apart till 'Shelley came To make the Heaven of heavens moro heavenly sweet And mix with yours a third incorporate name. " And Atque Vale " is a splendid tribute in form of an in memoriam for a brother poet, to that far off past which still lies immortal with the poet and the thinker. Hast thou found any likeness for thy vision P O gardener of strange flowers, what bud, what bloom, Hast thou found sown, what gathered in the gloom? What of despair, of rapture, of derision. What of lifo is there, what of ill or good ? Are the fruits groy like dust or bri«ht like blood ? Boes the dim ground grow any seed of ours. The faint fields quicken any terrene root, In low lands whero the sun and moon are mute And all the stars keep silence? Are there flowers At nil, or any fruit ? » * * * * * Under the shadow of her fair vast head. The deep division of prodigious breasts, The solemn slop« of mighty limbs asleep, The weight of awful tresses that still keep The savour and shade of old-world pine-forests Where the wet hill-winds weep ? #***'»* Thin ls the leaf, and chill tho wintry smell, And chill tho solemn earth, a fatal mother. With sadder than the Niobean womb, . And in the hollow of her breasts a tomb. This " Birth Song " is happior in its expression than eveu Wordsworth's " trailing clouds of glory!" Out of the dark sweet sleep Where no dreams laugh or weep Borne through bright gates of birth Into the dim sweet light Where day still dreams of night While Heaven takes from on earth. White rose of spirit and flesh, red lily of love, What note ot song have we Flt for the birds and thee, Fair nestling couohed beneath the mother-dove ? ****** Now. ere thy sense forget The heaven that fills lt vet. Now, sleeping or awaice, If thou couldst tell, or we Ask and be heard of theo, For love's undying sake, From thy dumb lips divine and bright mute speeoh Buoh news might touoh our ear That then would burn to hear Too high a message now for man's to reach. How thia echoes to us what we all feel at some time or other ! The word of the sun to the sky, The word of the wind to the sea, The word of the moon to the night, What »nay lt be? " * » * * » The secret of passing away, The cost of the change of the moon, None knows lt with ear or with eye, But all will soon. ****** Till the secret be secret no more In tho night of one hour as it liles, Be the hour as of suns that expiro Or SUDS that lise. In the " White Czar "-he embodies in burning words the English spirit of our time. Gehazi, hy the hue that chills thy cheek, And Pilate, by the hue that sears thine hand, Whence all earth's waters cannot wash the brand That signs thy soul a ruanslayer's though thou speak All OhrlBt, with lips most murderous and most meek Thou set thy foot where England's used to staud ; Thou reaoh thy ïod forth over Indian land : Slave of the slaves that call thee lord, and weak As their foul tongueJ who praise thee I son of them Whose presence put the enows and stars to shame In centuries dead and damned that reek below Ourse-conseoraled, crowned with orlme and llame, 10 thom that hare theo like them shalt thou go 11 orth of man's lifo-a loper white as snow. There are some masterly translations from "Fiaacois YülQn."~tbe pr^ce oî Frçnçb, hallad, singers-but an awful " mauvais sujet," one verse of which alone, from the " Complaint of the fair Armoress," exemplifies fully the sensuous strength of his special style, ' Where is ray faultless lorebend's white, The lifted eyebrows, soft gold huir, Eyes wide upartand keen of Bight, With subtle skill in the amorous air ; The straight mise, great nor «mall, but fair, The omall caryd ears of shapeliest growth, Chin dimpling, colour gond to wear, And sweet red splendid kissing mouth ? and to many a waning " beauty " also, echo answers " where, alas !" There is a happv " ring " and " verve " in his ballad nf " The VVo'men of Paris," which in its audacity of tone is *' French of the French" essen tially. Albeit the Venice girls get praise For their sweet speech and tender air, . And though the old women have wise ways Of chaffering for amorous wave, Yet at my peril dare I swear. Search Rome, where God's grace mainly tarries, Fiorenoe and Savoy, everywhere. There's no good girl's Up out of farts. Breton and Swiss know nought of the matter, Gascony girls or girls of Toulouse ; Two ûshwoxnen with a hall-hour's chatter Would Rhut them up by threes and twos ; Calais, Lorraine, and all their crews, (Names enow the mad song marries) England and Picardy, search them and choose, There's no good girl's ¡ip out of Paris. The last rhyme of all is the " Dedication," and the reader of the following verses could never mistake their authorship. In aland and a season of corn and vino I pledge you a health from a beaker of mine But half-way filled to the lips edge yet With hope for honey and song for wine. For life's helm rooks to the windward and Iee, And time is as wind, and as waves aro we ; And song is as foam that the sea-winds fret, Though the thought at its heart should be deep as the sea. There arefifty-five poemsin nil,amongst the best of which, perhaps, are " A Vision of Spring in Winter," " Pour Songs of Four Seasons," " Com plaint of Lisa," and "Ex Noto," but all will well repay perusal, although, after all, there is nothing in the whole series to surpass the "Hymn to Proserpine," in the 1866 ballads, or to equal the concentrated, intense sorrowful bitterness and tremendous sombre force of the following passage from "Felise:" The gods, the gods are stronger; timo Falls down before them, all men's knees Bow, all men's prayers and sorrow« o'imb Like incense towards them ; yea, for these Are gods, Felise. Immortal are they, clothed with powers, Not to be comforted at all ; Lords over all the fruitless hours ; Too great to appease, too high to appal, Too far to call. For none shall move the rao-t high gods, Who are most sad, being cruel ; none : Shall break or take away the rods Wherewith they scourge us, not as one That smites a son. By many a name ,of many a creed We havo called upon them, since tho sands Fell through time's hour-glass first, a seed Of life ; and out of many lands Have we stretched hands. When have they heard us ; who hath known Their faces, climbed unto their feet, Felt them and found them ? Laugh or groan, \- -Doth Heaven remmmur and repeat Sad sounds or sweet ? Do the stars answer? in the night Have you found comfort; or by day . Have ye seen gods ? What hope, what light. Falls from the farthest starriest way j On you that pray? Are the skies wet because we weep, Or fair because of any mirth ? Cry out ; they are gods j perchance they sleep ; Cry j thou shalt kw>w what prayers are worth, Thou dust and earth. O earth, thou art fair ; O dust, thou art great; O laughing lips and lips that mourn, Pray, till ye teel the exceeding weight Of God's intolerable scorn. Not to bo borne. Behold, thcro is no grief rice this : The barron blossom of tbv prayer, Thou shalt find nut how sueot it is. O fools and blind, what seek ye there, High up In the air? Ye muBt havo gods, tho friands of men, Merciful gods, compassionate, And thesoshall answer you again. Will ye beat al wa vs at tho galo, Yo fools of fate ? ' Ye fiols and blind; for thia is sure, That all ye shall not live, but die. Lo, what thing have yo found enduro ? Or what thing have ye found on high Past U.0 blind sky? The ghosts of words and dusty dreams. Old memories, faiths intirm and dead. Ye fools ; for which among you deems His prayer can alter green to red Or stones to bread P Why should ye bear with hopes and fears Till all these things be drawn in one, Tho sound of iron-footed years, Aud all the oppression that is done Under tho sun P Ye might end surely, surely pass Out of the multitude of things, Under the dust, beneath the grass. Deep in dim death, whero no thought stings, No record clings. No memory moro of lore or hate, No trouble, nothing that aspires. No sleepless labour thwarting fate. And thwarted ; where no travail tires. Whero no faith lires. AU passes, nought that bas been is. Things good and evil have one end. Can anything be otherwise Though all men swear all things would mend With God to friend? With this echo of that awful question which haunts the inner soul of every thinking man, which Tennyson also words so forlornly in his " In Memoriam ,"¡ "Tuera livessoino/<»ÍA lu honest doubt ! Believe me then iii half the creeds ! " We close the volump,°and our comparison also between bia first and" his latest book-both of which are so full of great thoughts and splendid imagery that we.admit comparison is invidious and trust that the gentle reader will find on perusal , & score of beauties for, Wiojelfi for 8TW on-6 ¥9 have ventured to attempt to call his attention to in these songs of England's last and greatest poet. 6 . 