LONG CONCEALED. '-" SOHAPTER I. OuR story opens in the small seapjort.town of Sandybank, upon the eastern coast of England. The scene, the quay of the aforesaid town. The time, the dusk of a summer's evening. The dranuatis persona, a youth of eighteen years and a young girl of about sixteen. As the more important personage of the story, we will describo the former first. His figure is tall and well-knit for his ago, and although he is attired in the ill-cut, clumsy clothing made by a country tailor, he carries it with an air superior to such externals. His hair is long, dark, and wavy. His face is handsome, of an aristocratic type, and though warm in tone from con stant exposure to the air, his complexion is inclined to paleness. His eyes are large, dark and brilliant, his mouth full and haughty. The girl is a pretty blonde, with a clear red and white complexion, and pleasant irregular features. She is a rural belle of the humble class. Although her dress is of simple cotton, it is tastefully and oven coquettishly arranged. They have just met, and her timid, conscious glance as she greets the youth, tolls a secret, but he is perfectly unembarrassed, strokes the hand that she half-coyly offers, and smilingly asks which way she may be going, and where she has been. "I have been to grandmother's, and I am going home," she answered. "Let me carry your basket," he' said, taking from her arm one of those old fashioned marketing baskets still used by the country people. " Why didn't you tell me this morning when I saw you thaty(nu were going over to MIarshland? I would have come and met you on the road."': .:, ! " Well, people do so talk," she roplieil, blushing. Well, lot them talk. The' ve?y' worst .thinhg they could say about us, istlhat we arO'dourting. No harm in that, is thero ?~' To judge by her look, she did not seem to see; so much harm in it. "But there is your mother, Charley; you know how shli has gone on-" "I am not tied to my mother's apron strings," he answered, thlushing angrily. Nevertheless, the subject did not appear to be an agreeable one, for he abruptly changed the conversation. " Did you notice what a splendid sunset it was to night ? " he asked. " Grandmother said it was a very nasty looking one," she answered simply; "that it betokened rough weather coming on," " 0, I am not talking about whether it meant rough or smooth weather," heo' re joined, impatiently; ",I am only speaking o ,its beauty." " O0, ycos, I dare say it was very pretty,'" she replied doubtfully. "You dare say it was very pretty,"' he' answered in the Caine tone.' Couldn'it'you; Ssee. that it was very beautiful," with .all those crimson and purple clouds ? " , yes." c A caustic remark rose to his lips, but he' checked it by an exclamation of delight, and' pointing seaward, exclaimed, " Look there Is not that lovely ? " The object of his admiration was the full, moon, rising red as fire from behind ,the sandhills, out towards the sea. Over the rippled waters of the harbour she cast a stream of lurid light; above here wore piled heavy masses of clouds, into which the next moment she disappeared. At the same time a fresh breeze came swooping from the ,ocean, bringing with it the moaning and' dashing sound of the waves upon the breakers, "'. I.think grandmother was right, and that we shall have some rough weather before morning," said the girl, casting an anxious look upon the sky, but utterly uns ppreciative of the picturesque side of the view. "I hope we shall; I love to see a good storm." "You love to see a good storm I O, how can you say such things? " she cried, amazedly. " Because it is grand to see the waves rolling and dashing and foaming, with the lightning gleaming over them, and to hear their thunder as they bronak upon the shore !' he cried enthusiastically. " I cant bear to hear them," she answered,' shuddering. " They frighten moe, and I always think of the poor fishermen, especially Uncle Hiram, when he is out at sea. I should not like it to rain to-night," she added, simply; " for grandfather has just had a little field of corn cut down, and-" " How very matter-of-fact you are, Canrry. You seem to have 11no idea beyond your uncle Hiram and your grandfather's corn." He spoke very irritably as lie turned into one of the narrow streets that slope upwards from the quay, towardswhat the Sandylank people call the contre of the town. " Give me my basket, pleaso, Charley; ..thank you for carrying it, and I wish you good-night." Her voice tremlbled, and her eyes were brimming with tears. Her hurt tone softened him, andl hlie said, "there, there, Carry, don't be offendedl ; but I feel angry when ipeoplo don't appreciate the baeuties of nature." "I have never boon sent to a boarding school lilike you, and-" " O, I did not learn to love sunsets and moon-rises at boarding-school. All the boarding-solhols in the world cannot teach you those sort of things if they are not in This was spoken as irritably as hIis former words, and it was niot so dark but that he could see her lips quiver and the distressed look upon her face. HIis heart, was touched. There was no one by; he put hIis armn found her waist, and drawing her close to him, kissed away tle tears that wero triclkling down iher checks. " Tlhere, there, what a silly little thing you are I " he said, soothingly. His action and manner was that of a lover; and lho was her lover, but there was a ring of indifferenco, of patronising in his tone, that did not harmonizo with the action. She spohio no word, but in her silence, iher tearfuil glance andyiolding attitudo, was the mute eloquence of affection. They walked up the old-fashionedl narrow street without oxehanginig another word. When they were nearly at the top ?aurry halted, and holding o?t lher ,,-Lid, said, " Don't come any further Charloy. . I don't want your mother to see us toether." IHe was about to offer an objection, but on second thoughts, changed his mind, gave liher the baskot and a kiss, wished her good night, and turned off into another street that crossed at right angles the one they had been traversing. He stopped before a small house, the parlor of which had been converted into a shop for the sale of lollipops, apples and oranges, unwholesome-looking cakes, vege tables, gingerbeer, &c.; To its other dry and wet goods it added the sale of tobacco and beer-tthe latter article supposed " not to be drmnk on the premises," a point of law that was being glaringly violated at the time we have chosen to introduce the reader into its interior. Upon a short broad plank, supported at either end, sat a fisherman and a field laborer, silently discussing between them the contents of a quart jug, and smoking short black pipes. At the counter stood two brawney women also discussing, but not silently, a mug of ale, and two dirty children were buying limited quantities of grocery. Behind the counter stood a little weazen faced woman, the weazen face half-hidden by an old-fashioned, close-fitting, frilled nightcap. In the peaked red nose, the thin lips, the small sharp eyes, the witheoed skin, and, above all, the shrill voice, were the unmistakable marks of a shrew. The scene was lit up by the dim rays of a couple of tallow candles stuck in bottles. The sharp ring of the bell attached to the half-door, which he threw back as lie entered the shop, drew all eyes upon Charley. Fresh from the pure night air, lie could not resist an involuntary movement of disgust asi a cloud of rank tobacco-smoke was wafted in his face. - " So yoh'v'o chose to walk home at last I And I should like to know where you've been, my lord, since dinner ? " cried the lady of the shop. The youth's face flushedo ; and as lihe per coived the grins of anticipation upon the faces of the loiterers in the shop, one and all of whom had, at some time, felt the virulence of Mrs. Gandy's tongue, an angry look mingled with his mortification. But he checked himself and answered quietly, " I have been to bathe. I did not think' you would want me." The soft answer did not h?veo its ao credited effect upon Mrs. Gaudy; on the contrary, it served only to sharpen the shrillness of her voice. "And what business have you got 'to think ?," she cried. "' Whijt ilhiiaisshivb you got to be out of the'way,, I 'seliod' like to knodw?" ." "I repeat, I' d.d not 'know you would want me," ho 'answered, with a quivering lip. . "Don't give me any of your sauce, you ,yung jiackanapes, or, big as you are, I'll box your ears," screamed Mrs. Gandy. This time the youth made no answer, but, with crimson checks and a choking in the throat, passed behind the counter and into thli little sitting-room beyond, with the consciousness that the faces of all the lookers-on wero distOeided with broad grins of delight at his discomfiture. The shrill voice of his mother followed him in yet more heightened tones :-" So I am not worth answering now I Thats the way you treat moe! That's my thanks for sending you to boarding-school, and making a gentleman of you I " "Alh, Mrs. Gandy, it all comes o' that schoolin' ! " chimed in one of the women who was standing at the corner. " Catch me sending any of my young 'uins to school, though the parson's always at me about it. It's ruination to them, that's what it is. It makes 'enm that stuck up as they don't know what to do with themselves I and as lazy as can be." " What's it to do with you, Mrs. Potts, if I choose to send the boy,to fifty schools ? So I'm to be dictated to by you, am I? What next, I should like to know ! " 'cried Mrs. Gandy, turning her wrath upon the unfortunate speaker. " Well, I didn't mean any offence, mum. I was only sorry to see as hlow he behaved so badly to you artcr all you've done for him," answered Mrs. Potts, humbly; for she was often glad to get a few things upon credit just before wages day, and dared not offend the shop-mistress. "He doesn't behave iadly to me-lie wouldn't dare-I'd break every bone in his skin if lie was to try it on I And if lie did, what's that to you ?" cried Mrs. Gandy, who was determined not to allow herself to be smoothed down. The two men seated upon the plank were vastly enjoying this scene; grinning from car to car, and nudging each other withl" their elbows. " Mrs. Potts is right," chimed in the fisheorml, winking at his compantion. " There's notlhin' so bad for a lad as larnin'. I'vo got ten younigsters, and there ain't'oi, of 'em who can tell A from Z antd never shall if I can help it." The speaker was a tall, gaunt man, at tired in a blue guecrnsey, a pair of wide, rough trousers, tucked into hugo sea-boots, and an old sou'-wester upon his head. His age might have been bot,ween forty' inid fifty; his hair was long, ragged, aul' grizzled; wind and water, frost anil sau, had given to his face tohe appearance of a hdried Normandy pippin. It was not an honoest.looking, nor yet a pleasant face to contemplate. Thero wis a cnnsing twinkle in tihe steel-grey eyes, aud a look of savagery about thile heavy lower jaw, that dissigreo ably impressed the spectator. " More shame for you to boast of such a thing, Jack Bilgo I " exclaimed Mrs. Gaudy, once more transferring her wrathl-for she made a point ocf never agreoing with any person, oven although they might take her own side of tho question. "Not thait I think," she aidded, sarcastically, " that any schloolmaster could beat into their thick heads the differenco betweosn A aid Z, oven if you gave him the chance." "I'd very soon beat it out of their baciks if he managed to beat it into their heads," gufflawed Bilgo, thinking that hie had made a capital jokeo. "I dare say you'ro brnte enough for any thing," was the retort. "Well, you witt and see what Mlaster Charley's larnin' '11 do for you, Mother Gandy," answered Bilge, manliciously. "Why, ho'll turn you out o' the house by and-by liltke a bit o' usted-up lhrnber."' Mrs. Gaudy wtas at that moment handitng half-a-ponud of sugar over the counter to ,s 7, ?d child; but upon hearing the last words, in a torrent of wrath sheo dashed it at the speaker; it struck him full upon the fore head, and the paper bursting, its contents covered his face and eyes, almost blinding him. With an oath, lie sprang to his feet, and rushed to the counter ; but Mrs. Gaudy, screaming with passion, ordered him to leave the shop, threatening to throw a weight at his head if he moved another step. Her hand was raised, and she would have been as good as her word had not a new comer at that moment appeared upon the It was a big, heavy-looking man, nearly six feeoot high, with herculean shoulders, who, pipe in mouth, issued from the back room. " Why, nissus, missus I" lihe said, quietly taking the missile out of her hand ; " what's all this noise about ?" In an instant she turned upon her un fortunate husband, for thflt was the relation the big man bore to her, crying, " and you \--there you sit from morning till night sotting and smoking, while I am working myself into the grave; andi you suffer me to be insulted by every good-for-nothing fellow who calls for .,a peop'north of 'bacba,. Turn him out this nfiiinu dj iiib if: ever ybu 'suffer him to. ente' that door again, it won't be thlr "~a:eo' house that will hold you and me . "I don't know what all this rumpus be about,"'siid'Mr; Gandy, stolidly; "' but I'd advise you, Jack Bilge,, to clear out o' this, or I shall iput you out." In the meantimd the originator of the disturbance was 'wiping tho sugar out of his eyes and off his face. "You m,may spare yourself the trouble of turning' me 9ut of your house, Bill Galidy," he said, quietly putting the handkerchief back into his sou'-wester. " I'll go without being turned out; and if over I do come into your shop:: igain; it won't be to buy it pon'north o' bacoy, I promise you. I'll pay you back for that sugar. oie of those days. You. think yoursol's very close and very cunnin', don't you? But tlioro be folks as knows more than you fancies. Take care .of yourselves, you and your shrew of a wife. 'If she belonged to me I'd put a rope's end about her back." With this last remark, and a glance of intense malignity, Jack Bilge put his' pipe in his mouth and lumbered heavily out of the shop. Mrs. Gaudy endeavored to follow after the man who had dared to use such si threat to her, and was with difficulty restrained by her husband. Jack Bilgo's parting words and look left a disagreeable impression behind. " Jack won't forgot that sugar pellet in a hurry," remarked the laborer, who had not' yet spoken. "That 'ho won't, Mr. Coles,"' saild n"o the women ; "ho's awful wicious' when'ho's put out. You should only see 'him at hoime rope's-ending the boys, and their mother, too, sometimes. Whoen he takes a dislike, he's awful." A damp seemed to have fallen oven ~rpion Mrs. Gandy's fiery soul ; for,. although she continued to vituperate, and pour forthl the, vials of her wrath uipon overything and everybody, her fury appeared to be more acted than real ; and in a very short time she lapsed into a sullen calmness. One by one the customers departed; the shop was closed. Mrs. Gaudy had the reputation of being the most inveterate shrew in Sandybank,. while her shasbnd was equally remarkable for his laziness, and an equanimity of temper that no provoca tion could move to anger. From morning .until night Ihe sat in his easy chair, smoking his pipe and drinking his beer, seldom speaking,. and only roused to action tod ply his knifo and fork. His better-half might ' scold-it produced no more effect upon him than it did upon his pipe; not a muscle moved-1fot a puff of smoke was interrupted. At times, Mrs. Gandy's exasperation going beyond words, she would seize her herculean lord by the shoulders, and try to shako him ;--futilo demonstrations, which elicited from himi no further reproof than a " gently, missus, gently ; you'll break my pipe." Mr. and Mrs. Gandy were not natives of Sandybank. They had settled there sout sixteen years bbfore the opening, of this story. The gossipsi of the town found them very reticent in regard to their past lifo; but they contrived to ferret out that they had formerly been servants in a goltloman's family. Charley was a baby when they came to their now home. He was an only child, ancd continued to be so. His early days were passed much the same as other village children of his class, and the first rudiments of learning imparted to him by an old dame that might hlave been a direct descondant of Shlnsitono's colobratod schoolmistross. But when hle was nineo yeirs of ago the boy was sent to one of the best boarding schools in the county, much to the iindig nation of all. tle genteel people of the necighborhood, who were virtuouslyindignant that tihe son .of a chanldler-shop uceper should rcceiVeo:as good ls education as their own progeny ; so Charloy was isiferod at and bantcredc by lhis companions, who used to deride him ny playinsg at shope, and sell insg infinitosimal quantities of the goods in which hlis niothler dealt, until he thlrashled tihe most obnoxious of thie wits into civility. Better tihan tihst, lie tehrashed thlem all ie his aptitudo for study and tie extent of his acquiroments. Tom, the grocer's sou, and Jack, the incndcrapor's heir, lookedt down with the most aristocratic air ciupse' Charley, the lcxter's son, Too proud to associnto with hiis nlottererd equals by bi'tlh, by whom of course he was hlated for his superiority, or to be lpatr'onisod by those above him, who hIave condescendedil to eadmit his educational claims to their notice, his lifo was lonely usd companios nless as far as those of his owsl ugo Laild sex wero concorned. Doespito the money thus expeonded iupon Iis educateon, Charley's pa.rceets did not ovinco muchl of either pnide, or affection towairds' him. Mr. Gandhy neve; showed pride or affletioe toewardls anythinsg except Iis pipe anud hIis beer. Mrs. Gandy treated lies withl a, harshness iand a coldness of mnanner quite ucnnatural in a mnother. Ho hlnd but one f'iend andl compianionc a little girl about his own age-Carry Loee, to whom the roader has already boeen intro duced. Sheo was the daughter of a dairy mane, uand from their earlient yoars thiyy had been constant and affectionate playmates. When Charley came home for his holidays, this childish intercourse continued to be renewed; and to neither did those seasons bring more pleasurable anticipations than theo thoughts of their reunion. In the girl, this feeling gradually ripened into a woman's love. In Charley, it be came a boyish love for a pretty girl. Mrs. Gaudy did not like Carry, and having, either by her own observation or from her customers' gossip, got an inkling that something like sweethearting was going on between the young people, she flew into a terrible rage, showered upon the poor girl, to Charley, the most opprobrious epi thets, and threatened all kinds of vengeance upon both should she ever catch them to gether. The youth naturally took the girl's part, and set his mother's prohibition at defiance. This happened a week or two previous to the opening of this narrative,. and the mother and son had not been friends since. The education he had received had not bben sown upon sterilo soil, and the refine ments it had created in him revolted at the coarso associations by which he was sur roiundeid. Consciousness of superiority how ever was rapidly engendering egotism and other vices of solitude. He had now finished schooling about three months, and his home had become intolorablo to him. No word had been said respecting his future career, and all his inquiries upon that point were met by a sharp rebuke and a command to mind his own business. No kind of employment was enforced upon him; whatever he did in the way of work, was of his own freo will; and had he chosen to be entirely idle, no com plaint would have been mado against him. Yet, for all this, his mothernever liked him to be long out of her sight ; but whether this arose from a latent affection, or from any other motive, it was impossible to de termine from the observation of so eccentric a person as Mrs. Gaudy, who most certainly did not wear her heart upon her sleeve. The lad did not bear the slightest personal resemblance to his parents-a circumstance which evoked some strange whispers from. among the gossips of the town, some going so far as to say that ho was not the Gandy's child at all. One day a woman under the influence of large potations of small beer jdstingly hinted at the above rumour in Mrs. G'andy's shop. Theat lady happened at the moment to be washing her counter. The woids ihad scarcely passed the woman's lips before the hot, soapy water was dashed in her face by the irate shopkeeper. From that moment Sandybauk whispered its sus ,picions sotto voeo, and well out of that lady's hearing.. . CHAPTER HI. Two days aftverwaids, Chanrly was stroll ing about the sands, where we first intro duced him to the renader, when he he heard a. gruff voice call him by name, and turning round, saw Jack Bilge hailing him from a little distance off. Remembering the scene in his mother's shop, and the snecring and disparaging manner in which the fisherman had spoken of him, Charley, after casting a glance over his shoulder, walked on without vouchsafing further notice. But Bilge would not accept the cold shoulder, and on perceiving that the youth made no response to his hail, ho walked briskly after him, and as the latter did not care to present the appearance of shirking a meoting, lie was soon overtaken. " Didn't you hear me call you, Charley," said Bilge, as he came up. " Yes, I heard you," was the cold reply. " Ah, I see; you feel a little sore over that row tho' other night," said Bilge, in a conciliating tone. " I didn't mean any harm, but that mother o' yourn has such a temper, that there's no speaking to her without making at blaze. I'd had a drop too much that night, and my tongue ran faster than my wit, and I thought I'd have a bit o' fun, and got the old 'oman's dander up. As to what I said about you, why you ought to know I didn't mean it. Haven't you and me booeen the best of friends over since you was a younkor, no higher than my knee 2 There, tip us your fin, andi lot bygones be bygones; it sh:n'u hapopen again." And Charley did give his hand, although unwillingly. "I should ha' boon off to sea to- lay," Bilge went on, " only the old boat spe'ing a leak the other day; so the boys have got her ashore to-day, and I thought I'd fill up time in. this way." The way he referred to was groping in; the sand for eels, which hle foundin great numbers, and after cutting off their heads, threw them into a basket beside him. Charly 'lazily stretched himself upon the cool, ldamp sand, andwatehed the slaughter. After an time, wearied with his work;: Bilgo Bilge sat down:.and lit his pipo. " You don't seem quite up to the markl. to-day, Charley," he said, at last; ' dullishl like." " I don'tfeel particularly bright," answered' the youth, listlessly digging pits in the sand with his fingers. " Suppose I was to spin yo30 a bit of a yarn, just to pass away the time," said Bilge. "There is not one of your old yarns that you have not spun to nme a dozen times, and I don't think you'd find me a very attontive listener just now;" and clasping his hands behind his head, and tilting his hat over his eyes, he prepared for a doze. " You've, not heard this one," persistedl Bilge, stolidly; "it would haveo been too exciting for your piccaninny days, so I kept it back." " What thde doucare you dr iving at ? 1-Iow confouldedly mysterious you are, Bilge I " said the young man, in a sleepy tone of voice. " I'm not the only oide that's m 'stoeriouss; there's a good manny more mystoriese about than you ever guessed at." " Quito oracular, I declare " :muttered Charley. ,"I don't know what tlhafl haail word imeans, but I could tell you so ecotlaing that all your school hernin' could nee ver find out; and tllat you'd give the eyes o' your head to ]knO\w." "At those last words,. Cla rloy sat bolt upright, and, with a very wid .oe-awao and puzzled lbok, asked, " W'I' ,at. do. you m ; n ig," ,O nothing," "But you do mean something. Tell us the yarn, whatever it is." " 0, but you wouldn't be an attentive listener," answered Bilge with quiet irony. "Besides, you might a' heard it a dozen times afore." ' "Yes, but I thought you meant one of the old stories about phantom ships, or pirates, or ghosts, or that sort of thing," returned Charley. " Well, perhaps that is what I do mean," said Bilge, calmly puffing away in tantaliz ing enjoyment of his companion's curiosity. " 0, no, you do not! " said Charley, decisively. " What is it that you have to toll me 2 " Bilge, paused for a moment, drew his pipe out of his mouth, puffed out a cloud of smoke, and then said, quietly, "the story of a murder ! That is what I was going to tell." " Tim story of a murder," echoed the youth, in a tone of disappointment. "I thought it was something that-well, I mean something that I was interested in." " Well, most people feel interested in murders whether they concerns 'em or not. However as you don't seem to care aboiut it, I'll get back home with my eels; so I wish you good morning." And Bilge rose to his feet and made a' pretence of shouldering his basket. " Stay I " cried Clharley, springing up. " I do care about it. Sit down again and do not be so touchy." It was only however after a considerable deal of persuasion that Bilge consented to sit down, averring that his companion was too learned to care for his "jaw." When he did give way at last, he seemed in no hurry to satisfy the curiosity he had aroused. He took the longest possible time re-filling his pipe, lighting it, and conifdrt ably composing himself. Stretched upon the sands, reclining upon his elbow, his face resting in the palm' of his hand, and his eyes fixed, attentively: watching the weather-beaten faco of the fisherman, Charloy waited patiently for the promised narrative. Every word, every incident, every aspect of naturo in that hour was thereafter indelibly imprinted upon his memory. It was a ]lhot, hazy day; a sluggish mist floated in the air, hanging like a gray veil over the sand-hills, hiding the sea behind it a little distance from the shore. Through its folds the sun loomed beamless like a red-hot ball. Nature was faint and voice less; the very waves broke languidly and listlessly upon the sands, as though ener vated beneath the' influence of the depress ing vapour. And here is the story that the youth listened to with breathless interest that 'momentarily increased as the strange n'ir rative was gradually unfolded. TnuE FISHIERMAN'H STORY. " About twenty years before the opening 6of' our tale died Squire Blakely of Blakely Hall; ' fine old family mansion, situated some twenty miles distance from Sandy bank. The Blakelys had been for upwards of two hundred years, by their wealth and position, among the most influential of the county gentry. They had been a bluff, fox-huntiung, hard- drinkltiug race--more or less of the Squire Western type. Of such a cast was the one whoso demise we have recorded. Robert Blakoly, the heir, and his father had been upon ill terms several years previous to the latter's death, in consequence of certain follies and extravag ances committed by the young. man, and more especially on account of what is styled an imprudent match that lie had made with a young girl with whom he had been des perately enamoured. From the day of their union the old squire swore that lhe would never again speak to his son-and he never did; and had not the estate been entailed he would have disinherited him. The old man's. death was a sudden one; ihe was thrown from his horse during a hunt and killed upon the spot. Robert, who was living in London upon a scanty annuity which he had inherited from his motlrer, was at once communicated with in order that he might take possession of his rights. Robert Blakely had always been a great; favourite among the tenautry and depend ants, and was known as a frank, generous, but excessively hlot-;empered ;young mas'. Great was the curiosity roepecting the squire's lady, about whom there had been so great a to do ; and from the old man's strong dislike to the match, and the coarse, passionate remarks he had lot drop upon the subject, the general impression was that the future mistress of the hall would prove to be a low-bred, althouigh protty; woman, scarcely superior to her own serd vants in refinement.' Great was the sur prise of thlse oxpectants upon disoevering M~rs. Robert Blakoly to be a boeutifll," in terosting woinaei, whloso tbno and 'uianner might have benee those of any ladyil in the land. She was a bloende with the fairest of fair heir, and the lightest of blue eyes; a fragile, delicateo creature, quite unfitted for the rude buffets of thie world. She loved' her lhusbanud passionately, adoringly ; and that he loved her he had sufficiently proved by the sacrifices he had mtdo in marrying her. They had been married throo'years when he succeeded to the estate ; one child had leeon born to them, a girl, who had died in its infancy. But soon after her arrival at th all se bl againe became encecinto. , As though to make up for past privetions, Robert Blakely plunged into the most pro fuse hospitality and gaiety, and Blalkely HIall was always full of comnpany. First and foremost, there was Mrs. Blakoly's sister, to whom he ehad given a geneerous and unlimited invitation. The two sisters were in every respect tle opposite to; eachl other. Holon mwas as dark as Edith was fair, as hligh-spirited and haeughty as the other was meek and gentle; neither did there appear to exist botwoon them reoy strong affection. There was no coldneoss, no visible disagreeomont--tlhey always ap peared to be the best of friends ; but thero seemed to be a shaidow between thom-a something that was felt ratheor tlhan por ceived. Amuong the gueosts whoe might be reogarded as almost stfationary inhabhitants of thle hall was Ia youeng gentlemanc named Ernest. Wioland, Although a German by birtlh, he had beon brought up from childhood in France, but, becoming mixed up in somd conulspiracy against the 'Fronch government, sad been obliged to take reofuge in Eng. land. He was a man of strange, wild ideas, a passionate temperament, overflowing with Utopian theories, with political enthusiasm, with poetry ,rnd( met51)hysics. A pale, handsomne marl of abont five-and-twenty, with a wonderfully fa scinating manner. He lad lived in the same house, and been a friend of tihe 13Blakelys before their accession to wealth. In this case the friendship scomed rather to be upon the ladies', Edith and Helen's, side than upon olebert's The latter haid too much of the old Bllakely bull dlog blood in hint to relish greatly the eccon tric foreigner. HI-Iln particularly affected Iis society. They read Schliller and Goethe togethei, and Shaks and haro and Byron, for W'ieland was an excellent English sbcholar, as well as French anid German. ,:They playied the piano and sang togethlr; they rode out on horseback together, and:took moonlight rambles together. Scandal how ever whispered thalnt his ifeelings ptoards Mi-s. 3lakelly were of a much warimer patureo than those he entertained. for, her isister; but scandcal could not detect the lealdt im propriety, could not gatheor pi" tld'least scrap of food from thie behaviour if etther. If any such passion ceisted, Editlih appeared to. be unnonscious of its existenlce, While Wieland never man.hsted l towards'hor any thing but the most profound respectt By-and-by lhoweveor it wasA remarked that the squiro looked aslant upon his guest, tlhat his manner towards him was cold and distant. About the same timo the shadow between the two sisters began to darken. Helen grew gloomy, and she anid V{inand were seldom together. In the mieantme a son and heir had beon born. , But vie are anticipating ovonts, asd must go back to introduce a third clarac~r of the drama. At the house of a neigloiinu g gIp:tle. man, the Blakelys had been Introducedito a Mtrs.; ,Greenaway, a young widow of s'ome five-and-twenty years of age, tlie relie4,of a London merclhanIt. She wsa fascinating, brilliant woman of tihe world, wh.o idt all tllme young mrn, and many of the bol:ld oo of the neighbourhlood ravinsg aibo er. Sho was not' a favourite with thle hlsios, who described lher as coarse, ill-bred,'for ward, and designing ; but then latlibi are always harsh critics of each other .' ?dber |Blakely was much taken wit~h .horles, L in vited her to jemid ii few weeks ate flioehall. She accoepted the invitation ; and in ? eory short time it was evident to alll'slii'the yosung squire was added to the ,nuh?ber of the enslaved.. She becamo. his confident and adviser; and at last he trailanethbd' ino business without first consulting !ier: .?' All this begsn a little previous to; Editfs confinement, whens the delicate state of'her health oblliged her to frequently keep Ioher room. Then camo her illness ahd e;'onva loscence. Thus she chad but few oPtl)6il-tu nities of observation. Edith was one of those quiet, passive natures in sihel it is possible for love to exist without jealousy, and absorbed in ,lher noew treasure--hlr baby-she had neither edjred,; ear's, nor thoughts for anythiug elseo. The reader may fool surrisod thtlt ni iind fereale friend enduavouried to dispel this infatuayted moral bliidness., Peirhps somne one did buet withl this the narrative lhas nothinff to do. It only prcetonds to give a bare'stitte monit of facts as 1ty wereo generally known , Such was the prooeise position, of affairs when a grand ball was given at theoli6oso of 'onie of the neighbouring gentry, situkted about seven miles from tlhoe hall, to which every peison''of) impootin eo for many miles round Was invited. Of course the Bllakeolys wero. invited, and of: eoucrse Mrs.. Gr~en away was .included in the invitation; and as rumour gave Wielheid to Misis HBlen Deooerbrook as a lover, the samhe ciirtosy was oxtended to him . ' : : On tho moreing of the ball Editli"'ias taken ill-so ill that all idea of her leaving her room tht?.day hld to be abanr1adiad. .nobort proposed that thelo paerty:slhoejld be broken up, and that umessages of a?pology -should a: t "once be slt ·to exeuse their ab sence. 3But of. this: she wouldsnot hear. Then I-Ieoloen,wihed to remain at homewith heor; but both those propositiouns sheb com bated: with • warmth and persistency qiiito unusual to her customary yiedliisg m?ek noss. At ,eight b'cloek ii 'tlohe? oeoii'g, Rlobesrt, Blakoly and Mrs. Gireenaway 'do parted in one ecrriage, Wioland :and Heln Deorbrook in another, amnd no one was loft in the house saive the. lady of it and"i the domestics. ". !., -At -onei o'olock next meormcng Ed'th Blakely wvs foisied 'stmngled in her boled, hd her infaut child, hlad disappoeared?",, .: , (,'.' be ,na~ tinued.) . ) - - , 