THE TERRIBLE YEAR-1SS1. The Accord Union 7th March, says: — Professor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Franecisco lectured before the Sacramento Country Teachers1 Institute last night upon the very interesting subject of The Planetary Conjunction of 1SS1/ The prediction of astroaomers that in 1SS1 will incur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mather Shipton, aud a score of other birds of ill-osneo, who, backed by the recent appearance of the plague, having predicted the roo3t awfal state of affairs to be inaugurated in 1SS1, and t cootione till 1SS7> during wO:ch fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, fl >oda overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, volcanoes bur st forth, the earth open and swallow op towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, aod all waters becom poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and rain in ail the earth. Lately in this state a so-called Professor has issued a book in which be has prophesied from a ooojanction of Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Kartb, and Mars, thai there shall oconr all the forgoing recited, and a hundred other woee fall upon the earth, and that the devilry and destruction is lo begin in 1SS1. Professor Norton, however, does not believe these thiogs, and bis lectute was intended t) show the reason for hit faith. He illustrated hie rematks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magic lantern. H? began by saying tbat we are never satisfied with things now present. The world ie ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Somehow the forward outlook u never calm and cloudless. It is also natural that men should look to pivota events in nature, snob aa the completion of astronomical cycles, as beiog likely to involve great crises in human affaire. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1SSL ha? especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled "The Voice of the Stars" which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1SS0 and 1SS9, including the annihilation of the Ubioese race and the death of lo, 000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's "Pyramid Religioa/' and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substan tlally agreeing that — The world to an end shall come, In 188L He said that the prophecy of the old woman seemed still to have vitality, althongh the publisher of the "Shipton Almanac" has openly confessed that he added the Hue above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be aay residual behind all this eupei- etition and nonsense ? The lecturer presented Prof Dclarue'e theory of the relation of planetary conjunction to sun spots ; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the son and moon npon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram, showing the position of the planets, 31st Oct., 1SS1 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury beiog nearly in a straight Jiue paeeing tbroagii the centre oj the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect, cf the placets will not occur for inaoy thousand years. If it is possible for the masseJ planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects up jo the earth, such effect' mast soon be manifested. Nevertheless, thr planets are enormously distant. Their at tractive force varies inversely as the square of the disiance. It is hardly conceivable tbat mere gravitation c mid ever produce any soch effect in the foretold disasters. The only remaiomg theory is that of a hypo thetical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but toe ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascer tained fact behind it. The Uciurer quoted one or two instances ia which there seemed to be a coincidence in times between sash conjunctions and atmospheric dis turbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read tbe fol lowing letter from Prof. Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astron omer : — " H. B. Norton. — Dear sir — Yocr note of enqniry ie received. Ij answer briefly, as follows: — First — Your enclosed diagram (of the con j auction) is not essentially correc:. Second — It ia tine tbat the planets viill b - somswhat nearer their perihelia than ie uau! at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third — There is no good reason for expecting re markable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of euuh planetary position. Professor Deiarue thought tbat he had discovered a relatioo between them and son spots, bnt latest researches fail to snbstaatiate the theory. Scientific astronomers coneider the new coenel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shiutoo as be:ng abont equivalent to tbat of Mother Goose. — Yours, very traly, Charles A Young." Summing up the evidences, Professor Norton. said: ' We are justified in conclud ing that science has thus far given as no definite reason for expecting tbe great tribulation. Nevertheless, if public excite ment shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend their lives, we may be thankful for ' the voice from the torn be/ ottered by Piazzi Smith, aod the woful forecast at tributed to Mother Shipton/' 