The Storyteller. A RUSSIAN HERO ; OR ffltar&o; Tyre's Treason, CHAPTER XIX. A GLIMl'SE 01' THE VAST With his change of character, tlie mien of General Gradowsky had also changed.. He stood up beforo the Countess Sabielin as stei nly as. an accusing angel, with an awful power in his glance. Ihe recognition had been mstantamous and complete. Too many long and terrible years had General Ignatus Gra dowsky been the principal thought in the soul of that base and terrible woman for her to mistake his features now ! She stood a moment as if fro?en-^— as if by s»me miracle, the immortal soul within had changed its earthly semblance to enduring marble I Theu she dropped into the nearest chair. Her face, usually so livid with the red tides of passion, was as white as the features of the dead. How well, how completely, she knew the man she had so terribly wronged, and who, for nearly a score of years, had been the object of her fierce and hurning hopes, as of her fiendish machinations ! ' You have long wished- to see me,' said the general, as he drew up a chair and planted in front of that into which the countess had tumbled. *' You, have been moving heaven and earth — to say nothing of the other p.'ace — -.to bring about closer and intimate relations with me. You have long aspired to an hour and place in which we should be alone together! And here we are 1 Speak, woman ! Are you glad too see m,e ?' She shrank before hia gaze as she would have shrank from blasting and blistering lightnings, She was now revealed to him in a!1 her mental deformity ! He had caught her in an attempt at robbery and murder ! He not only knew that she was base and infamous, but she knew, that he had ample proof of her infamy in the conduce ot wmcn snenaajustneen guuey. She oould not move or speak. She could only glare at him with that horri fied gaze with which her cry of recogni tion had been uttered,. ' You now see why it is that a number of my questions Oir remarks startled yon,' resumed the general. ' They came from one who knows your pedigree.. You can, of , course, now see how completely you are unmasked toi my sight. There was a time when the estates of Count Sabielin were worth several millions. They would have been doubtless worth as much to-day had he lived to take care of them. But you killed him. Do you hear, woman 1 You murdered the Count.in oold blood ! You gave him poison f' The accused essayed to deny the accusation, but no sound came from her parched lips and throat. ' It would be as vain a task for yo.u to deny your guilt in that respect as for you to attempt to make the acquaintance of truth, decency or virtue,' pursued Gradowsky, with a sternness that was freezing in its intensity. ' Shall I re mind you how the crime was committed ? You and the count lived near Novgorod. I was sent to the neighborhood with a number of regiments by Catherine, soon after her advent, to put down one of those insurrections which were so com-: mo.n in the interior, and in some of the border provinces for several years pre vious to her elevation to the throne and afterwards. The battle that gave me a final victory over the rebels was one of some consequence, several thousand combatants having figured in ti», I was one of those who were seriously wounded. Your residence was one of the nearest dwellings that responded to tbe exigencies of the occasion. My ofiioers took posses sion of' the premises, at the invitation of your husband, and for some days I lay between life and death, after which I began to mend slowly. You hung over me -during those long days and weeks, and conceived for me sentiments of the fiercest and most resolute description. As I look back to those days I wonder what demon must have possessed yon ; and indeed from that day to this I have never been able to form any rational theory of your conduct,. I have been told that my chief of staff represented me as unmarried, something in his first con versation with you liaving suggested to him that I would fare belter at your hands in that character. As to the insane folly of your regard for me, we know that such cases do pre-ent them selves at rare intervals. That you con ceived for- me a violent atachment is un doubted. You put on your best aspects. Yon presented yourself as engagingly as possible. You plied all your little arts to make an impression upon my heart. And when you could flatter yourself, from some chance act or remark I have long since forgotten, that the sentiments you conceived for me might be recipro-. cited upon further acquaintance, you resolved to open the way to marriage with me by becoming a widow.' The guilty woman carried her hands convulsively to her face, as if to shut out a horrible picture. ' You set to work at once. You had long been estranged at heart from your husband, but you assumed for bim re gards' and sentiments to which you were entirely a stranger. You professed to have received new light; upon your duty, and to be desirous of doing what duty and affection required. Thus deceiving the count, you contrived to put him off his guard, and in due course you found occasion to give him a dose that rent the life from his body at the end of a half day's agony. And just then, as you stood beside his corpse rejoicing in what you supposed to be the opening of a straight road to my heart, you learned for the first time that I was already, and had been for years, the happy husband of a wife to whom I was entirely devoted 1 It was for you a dreadful awakening !' The countess would bave Kcreamed like a maniac at these burning words, if her voice bad responded to her feelings, She tore her long fingers through her false hair, and glared as if she had seen the ghost of her murdered husband at her elbow. ' Oh, it is true 1' she acknowledged, in a hollow whisper, as she rocked her body too and fro, 'The iron that then entered my soul has been rankling ever since. From that day to this I have been a changed woman 1 With the blood of my husband upon my hands, it was as easy for me to go on as to faint by the way, and I accordingly turned, more resolute than ever, to the task of winning your affections !' ' Your first step was to buy the palace we are now in, and to transfer your resi dence hither,' resumed the general. 'You found a double advantage in this step, that of being near me, and of being at a desirable distance from the bloody grave of your husband I And once settled in the neighbourhood to which I had re tired at the close of my campaign, you set to the task of cultivating my ac quaintance. My wife could do no less than call upon you, after all you had done for me— and,, indeed, most of the facts I am now telling were not even | matters of suspicion,. We supposed you I to be what your outward deportment suggested, or at least we did not fee) called upon to scrutinise your character and actions too closely. Upon this basis, we received, .and returned your visits during the several years succeeding your advent in this direction, and it is not too much to say that you kept your real nature and motives so well con cealed that my wife would have been surprised at any suspicion or fact con cerning you which had come to my knowledge ?' The countess raised her eyes beseech ingly, as if anxious to interrupt the torrent of reproachful reminiscences the general was showering on her. But he only assumed the mien of affirming him self in the course upon which he had entered, and he lost no time in continuing his observations, as follows : ' You soon came to the crowning act of' the infernal purpose upon which you had entered, Countess 1 Seeing that you could make no impression upon me ; that my love for my wife never wavered a moment : that my wife continued to be tbe one object of my thoughts and ex ertions—you resolved to get her out of' the way. You comprehended that you would never be able to do anything with me during my wife's lifetime, but you flattered yourself that your way would be clearer as soon as she was dead. How did you go to work to accomplish your awful purpose i Did you hire an assassin to strike her down in some unguarded and unsuspecting moment t Did the cbance present itself of giving her a dose of poison ? The answers to these and similar questions still elude me. I only know that my wife was suddenly missing aud that from that time onward I have had no tidings, of her.' v She no doubt went away to some foreign country because she has seen us together, and was jealaus of me !' said the countess. 11 As to taking the Ieat-t step to harm her, I never did, I have no theory whatever^ aud have never been able to form any — as to tlie nature of your wife's disappearance, Gen. Gra dowsky. How should I have any ?? She vanished like a cloud in the night — heaven only knows where !' The general gave a sigh resembling a eroan, as he looked the countess in the face with a look in which reproach and disgust were about equally apparent. Ut course you will make that declaration,' he said ' and of course it will have no more weight with me than the blowing of the wind ! You either killed my wife or hired an assasin to kill her. You will see at the least glance that I can have no motive in asking yon for information on the sub ject, inasmuch a I haven't a particle of faith in you, and should consider your every statement to be a lie, unless the contrary were duly proven.' ' It is useless then to make any pro ? testations of my good faith, Gen. Gra. Gradowsky,' murmured the countess, in a voice in which a suppressed rage was apparent, ' Perfectly useless, madam 1' The countess looked as if she suddenly comprehended that awful barriers lay between her and the ends she had been seeking. The general noticed this ex pression of her features, and resumed : ' There is, of course, one proper line of conduct for you to adopt from this, hour onward. It is to make instant and full confession of all your infernal, wickedness! Tell me what you have done. Take me to the spot where my wife is buried, or to the spot where she yielded up her life at your hands, or at the hands of your hired assassin. Or if she be still living, shut up in some secret dungeon, hasten to let tbe fact be known, that I may fly to hei release ! In a word, do ail you can to right the wrong, and I will have morcy upon you ! Speak, Countess ! What ie the real state of the case ? Is my wife living or dead ? Re late your action in the matter of her aw-=. ful disappearance !' ' But Trill you believe me ?' ' As fast as tho evidence is completed bv proper verifications — of coursc 1' ' ' I swear to you that I know nothing whatever about your wife's disappearances, General,' protested the hideous and cor rupt creature, as she set her thin lips to gether sternly. ' Did you get the least evidence five years ago — or at any time sintc — that your suspicious were well founded? Did.you: not watch me ? Did you uot search & number of my ostites and residences from cellar'to garret? And what' was the result'? You found no ; trace. wbalever of any agency in your J; wifo's disappearance. The troth is, i rr am as innocent in this matter as an ' unborn babeM You have falsely aud fouly accused me'! tjhe managed to call forth a few hyprocriticdl 'tears in support of her assertions. The 'general arose, witb a deepening look of disgu9t npou his features. ''-There 'is no use. 1 sen, in pursuing 'the 'inquiry 'further,' he said. ' You aro ??Still, iu some respects, the same puling 'fool that entered upon these ? crimes sixteen years ago I All the light I have received upon your charac tpr and acls counts with you for nothing. 'You still seem to think that there may be in tbe future some possibility of my responding to your passion. Hideous, horrible wretch that you are, yon appear resolved to (?tick to the falsehood and j ?crime by -which you have so long been impelled downward. Speak woman ! will you confess everything here and now? ' ' I have nothing to confeBs, sir !' ' Then I leave you to that inevitable hour of detection and defgftt that can cot now he fav distant !' declared Gn- dowsky, his voice ringing through tbe apar'meut. ' Sootier or later I -shall catch you! sooner or later your infamies will all be revealei to the light of day, ss they are already in the light ol heaven. ;It only rpraaii'S for m« to go my wavs, afier firnS starching these premise's ag in, t - be -sure that my wife is not a prisoner in these very walls. Permi1 ' He bound the Countess strongly and gaggad her, secured her keys aud helped himself to a lamp, and left the room, carefully locking every door behind him. Half-an-hnur was spent in a thorough exploration of the premises, which re sulted upon the conviction that his wife was nut concealed upon them. He fouud the Countess foaming with rage upon returning to her presence. 'I hope _\on are satisfied now Gen. Gradowsky,'1 said she bitterly, when he had released her. ' If you were uot a maniac upon the subject of your wife's disappearance, you would comprehend how foully you have wronged me !'' ' I am not here to bandy words with you, madam,' returned the general. I leave you o your own companionship — than which you can possibly have no worse misery. Do not bother yourself with thought:; of pursuits and assassination by ' Dr. Miskci.' or any similar worthy. I have friends near at hand, and ample rt sources for my protectian against you. This is probable the last time I shall ever exchange a word with you iu this world. I ask you once more therefore : Do you still persists in vour denials ? ' The countess drew herself up in a mood of rage and revcngefuluess that simply defies description. ' I have nothing whatever to say to you, Octs. Gradowsky !' she declared, his singly. : If you ever fancied I loved vou, you need do so no longer 1 I hate .you ! / hnte you ' Good ! Stick to it !' And the general took his departure, locking her in, with the certainty that she would not too quickly succeed iu summon ing her serfs to release her. ?' This night has, of course, placed the bottomless pit between us !' she muttered. ' I bate him now even more fiercely thau ever I loved liim ! Oh ! I II wring his soul worse thau he has tortured mine ! If Dr. Rubiui has kept Mrs. Gradowsky alive — as I have so long suspected — I will find her and kill her, that I may send her dead body to the genera': ! To work ! to work !' CHAPTER XX. A CiLEAM OF SUNSHINE. Tlie remainder of our heroine's journey to the capital, after her escape from Dal, as related, was performed without the least danger or trouble. ' It is getting late,' she said to Stolbi, hur faithful attendant, as they drew their holies to a v.alk upon one of the quays ?of tb» tranquil Neva. ' I am a pretty. iluAaug with tbe ni&vks; of out fight aud our ride, and especially with the dust that has settled upon me. I would hardly care to present myself to the empress in such a fix as this or even to Capt. Tyre. Besides, it is too late to present ourselves at the palace in such a forlorn fashion. A better couvse will be for me to call upon the Countess ;Grodin, and pass the night with ber. She has long been one of the most intimate friends of our family, you know, and is even re lated to us distantly by blood and marriage. Yon can slip on to the Winter Palace, and tell Capt. Tyre of my safety and whereabouts, and give him an account of all that has happened.' They separated upon this basis at the entrance of the Grodin palace, which they reached by the time Roda had charged Stolbi as fully as she desired with mes sages for Marko. The hour was past midnight, but the residence of the Grodin palace, was still as bright and lively as fairy-land, the family belonging to tbe highest rank of the nobility, and having, with all Russian nobles, the habit of making night the busiest and happiest -portion of the twenty-four hours, especially in sum mer. The palace was situated in the midst of grounds corresponding to its splendors, not far from the Moscow Barrier, and was as remarkable for its collections of beauty and art as almost any of tbejgreat palaces of to-day existing in Rome and Florence. This is equivalent to saying, of course, that the Grodins had long possessed both brains and money, and liad used the same for the best glory of their kind. They had, in Fact, long been numbered among the prominent public benefactors of the country. For three or four generations the Counts of Grodin had figured command ingly in war, finance, and statesmanship, holding important posts under the govern ment. The present head of the house was a gentleman still in the prime of life, but unfortunately the possessor of poor health, so that it was impossible for bim to accept any of the employments Catherine and ber predecessor had placed at, his disposal. This circumstance natu rally brought the Countpss Grodin into great prominence. Her husband counted up .-ii her executive capacities for the iuai.*iPment of his extensive affairs, aud inorf ...specially did it devolve upon bc-r to maintain and widen tbe vast circle- of 1 friends l-y which the Grodins had so long been surrounded. It is not too much to say, therefore, that the Countess Grodin stood in the very front rank of tbe nobles in Russia at the period of which we r.re writing. Tlie bearing of the attendant at the entrance of the palace, as lie noted tbe separation of the new-comers, was at first a little wondering and reserved, for as Roda had suggested, her appearance had been considerably qualified by the ex periences through which she had passed. But at sight of her fresh and bright face, as she passed under one of tbe lights at the entrance, the attendant's manner changed in a way which showed how Welcome to the entire household would be her presence. ?' The countess is at home, I suppose, JScrloff!' asked Roda, after sha had amiably greeted the porter. 'She i°, Miss Gradowsky. Please walk in.' Ho led the way into a gorgeous private boudoir, after fiist sending one of his associates io look after our heroine's horse, and at once went iu quest' of bis mistress. He returned at the eiid of a few momenta to say that the Countess Grodin would soon be with Roda. In effect, the attendant had hardly vanished when the countess entered. She was a charming little lady, all life and animation, keen-witted and dignified, with a beauty that was as brilliant as commanding. Yet, while she was so re markably attractive in person, a glance at her expressive features and radiant eyes was sufficient to assure the observer that ehe ruled men by the gifts and graces of her spirit. Talented, travelled, aud wealthy to independence, she had made her palace one of the great rallying points of all the distinguished professions of Russia, as well as one of the most charming centres of reunion of the best society. It was seldom that there were not a number of guests at the palace, aud upon some of the lovely evenings in summer they could have been counted by hundreds. ' My dear child !' cried the countess, precipitating herself upon Roda with a little scream of delight, aud caressing and kissing her. ' How delightful it is to see .you here again ! I hope .you have come for a long stay, as I have so often | demanded. You have responded to one ^ of the most pressing desires of my soul hy coming ! I should have driven out to ?your estates to-morrow to bringyou home with me. How well yoa are looking ! — yet a little pale and excited. Sit down ! sit down ! Vatchie will soon arrive with refreshments. The house is full of guests, but I have made my excuses, and we'll have the rest of the night to ourselves ! ' She drew Roda away 'to one of the magnificent sofas ornamenting the apart ment, responding rapidly and brightly to all of our heroine's inquiries in 'regard to her own health and family. ' What good genius put it into your head to come just as I was so anxious to see youf asked the countess, sitting down beside Roda, still holding her hand. ' Ob, a number of strange circum stances, which I shall have the pleasure of communicating to you,' replied Roda. ' I have not forgotten, you see, the kind invitations you bave -so often given me to come and pay you a visit.' ' But why didn't you bring Mouska and Mrs. Pleffsky and the rest?' asked the countess. 'Not that you will lack for attendance here, but I know you always prefer -your own people.' ' Tiiey all started with me,' said Roda, smilingly, ' but they have been halted by the way, and will probably not arrive under an hour or two.' ' Why, what do you mean? Tell me all about it, as soon as possible. I saw at a glance that something very strange has happened. I am all excitement ?' Roda thereupon narrated in brief all her adventures since nightfall, precisely as we have detailed them to tbe reader. The surprise with which the countess learned of such high-handed proceedings on the part of Dal was equalled only by her admiration of the courage and daring of Roda, and bv her joy at the success of. this brave battle. ' This will be startling and yet agree able news to mv husband,' said the countess. ' He will rejoice at your escape as I do. Dal is one of the few men be has taken the trouble to detes't cordially. But is it not clear from what you have told me that Dal has guilty knowledge of the mysterious disappear ance of your father and mother?'1 It is certainly to be suspected and feared,' replied Roda gravely. ' The truth is, my dear Roda,'' resumed the countess, ' Dal has been with his aunt, the Countess Sabielin, almost con stantly during the last few months, and she is a woman — well, I think Satan would have put her in charge of his private office, if she had appeared upon the stage of existence sooner ! She is a fiend incarnate ! That she and her nephew have long had guiliy knowledge of the fate of your parents, -child, I haven't a doubt ! You did not shoot D.d fatally, I suppose ?' ''No only to disable bim. He stanSs so high in the good graces of the em press — ' ' That is all changed dow,' inter rupted the Countess Grodin, smilingly. 'Dal has fa len into disgrace, in the course of to-day, and has been dismissed the Bervicp, while Captain Tyre has been raised to the rank of coloml, and placed in commaud of her majesty's favorite regiment !' ' Ah ! these facts are generally known, then?' cried Roda. 'Perhaps you are also aware of what has befallen me within the last twenty- four hours ?' ' OI), yes, Baroness ! The good in tentions of her majesty towards yon have already passed though -the whole circ'e of the court. How nicely every thing is going on ! We'll tell the count everything in the morning, and see if we cannot h t upon some course of action that will mtke Dal repent of his violence. I must not keep you up longer, after the exciting adventure you had with Dal and bis creatures !' ' I was never so weary in my life, as I remember,' said Roda, ' but I am sure I am still too excited to sleep. I feel that events of the gravest importance to me and mine are about happening — as if I was standing on the verge of a terriffic unknown ! Why Bbould I feel this way ?' ' Perhaps your good angel is whisper ing to you of -some coming good that mortal eyes have not yet seen,' returned the couotess. ' One tiling is certain : we will all get together in the morn ing, and see if we cannot place ourselves upon tho the track of some important discovery. That both your father aud mother are alive somewhere, I haven't the shadow of a. doubt !' The vast parlors were neaity emptied of their pleased and lively guesti Although the strain of fairy-like music was till blending with the hum of voices, when NorloS suddenly eatered the little boudoir where the Countess Grodin and Roda were conversing. The mien of tbe attendant was singularly bright and smiling. He brdught a card upon a silver salver. The countess looked her -surprise. '' I told yon I could see 'no one to night, you know,' she said. ' Bnt am I surejyou will see Col. Tyre, my lady.' 'Cj'. Tyre !' exclaimed the ladies in choro?. ' Of course !' The porter withdrew. ' Stolbi has made quick time to the palace,' said Roda, '? and Col. Tyre has bees as prompt to come.' ' That's always tbe case with these lovers.' murmured the countess, who was aware of the relations between the young couple. '? Here he is — one of the noblest and grandest men in exist ence !' The greetings of our heto were tender to Roda and warm to tbe countesp. They weie for him the two grandest women in the world, notwithstanding the fascinations of his late interviews with Catherine. 'I was at the entrance of the palace,*' be said, ' waiting and watching for you, Roda, when Stolbi put in an appear ance, and he had such a story to tell of your adventures by the way, that I has-, tened to fly hither as fast as a good horse could bring me ! You were not ii.jured by Dal ?' Not. in the least !'' ' Bat, it seems that she left ample signs of her passage, Colonel ! ' cried the countess. 'On the principle that a workman is known by his chips, I sup pose !' The laughter of the merry trio filled tbe apartment. Cow pleased they all were witb themselves and witb each other ! What happiness had come for them ? ' You can only faintly imagine,' said our h''0, ' tbe pleasure I experience at steins you again, Roda — or Baroness, if you prefer that name — not only in view of the exciting adventures you have had ? tince I saw you, but also in view of mine. I dare say we have, liv^d years in the last forty eight hours. You will both be di lighted to hear that I bring you the best of news,' ' The best, Col. Tyre repeated tbe conntess, significantly. ' Tbe best would be very good indeed, yon must remem ber !' ' Well, very good news, at tie least,' insisted Marko, with a strarge smile. ' Then you briug news of my parents' cried Roda, turning pale with joyous excitement. '? Yec — of one of t hem,' avowed Mark-% as he gathered his betrothed to his heart. ' Your father uot only lives, but I have teen Lim.' A dead silence succeeded. The joy of our heroine, and even of the Couute.s Grodin, was too great for utterance. ' Aud not only have I seen Gee-. Gradowsky,' pursued Marko, lowering his voice to a whisper, ' but I have concealed bim in a place of safety. Of course I have tbe slranget-t adventures in the world to report to you. Be calrft and brave ! Let us sit down here together, aud I will tell you all that has happened !' At this moment ISforloff bounded into the boudoir with as wild an air as if pur sued by demons ! The general — ' The announcement died away upon his ?lips. ' Who comes ?' cried the countess. ' The -Jeneral Gradowsky !' It was indeed the general, who, at that, instant, appeared in the doorway — com- ing here as quickly and directly as pos sible from this terrible interview with the Countess Sabielin. The reader can imagine not Only the joyous scene of restoration that now took place, but also the mingled joy and terror with which were heard the wild revela tions that followed ! (To be continued.') Codntky parson (who is taking the views of bis congregation regarding the introduction of an organ) to elderly parishoner : Will Donbld, are you in favor of an organ?'' — Donald (tarllj)-: 'No!' — Country parson: ' Tben you don't admire instrumental mrsic, Donald?'' — Donald (severeh); ' If ye wull haaf music in ta kirh, lit it pe ta gagpipes.' 