THE STORY-TELLER. MY LAND OF BfiFLAH. Chapter VII. — (Continued.) Life had hitherto been such a smooth thing to me, sheltered from all harm in my Land of Beulah, that this, my first perplexity, was a very hard thing to bear. Like most evils that come unon us. it was easier thought out in the open air. I wandered about the garden, searched for the last violets under the brown leaves in the wood, patted Daisy, took a look at the poultry- yard, visited Amy Ladbrooke's guinea-pig, and fed it with an apple. All these things I did, and many more, with restless energy, striving to stifle strange protesting thoughts that were un wonted visitants to my childish mind. But all in vain ; they would make themselves heard. Nestling here and there in shady nooks I found a few sweet-scented violets, and gathered them for Vfiss Mary's writing-table, arranging them with the best taste I could command, with little branching bits of moss here and there, and a tiny yellow-tipped fern frond by way of background. As I did this it seemed to me as though I were not the same Nell as the light-hearted girl who fillfcd that same vase a week ago. Now, I had secrets from Miss Mary ; things I could not tell her of. To speak ill of my school-friend would be, I felt, a sin unpardonable against all school traditions from the earliest, ages. And then there was papa ; what was I to do abont him ? The next time that I sat upon hi3 knee, with my arm about his neck, if he should say to me : ' WelL how many kisses, Nell, for keeping my ijromise about your school- friend ?' What should t do ? Could I say : She stole into a room like a thief ; she read another person's letter on the sly ; she can never be a lady an' more ?' No, I could not speak such words as those. I had read in books, and in the best book of all, of fierce and sudden temptation assailing men and women, and bearing them onward like a resistless flood into dreadful depths of sin. And I reasoned myself into thinking that it had been like this with Eulalie. Her desolate, homeless position, her dependence on her o n exertions, had made her the prey of intense fears as to what Miss Mary would say to Mrs. Langley. There had been some misuuderstanding, some coldness, I knew, between Miss Mary and Eulalie ; and this, no doubt, had made her doubly anxious in the matter. She had passed the window of the library and seen the former at thd desk ; passed again, and seen her place vacant ; and so the tempta tion had come upon her, and she had yielded to it. Should I, her chosen friend, be one to judge her hardly ? I, to whom no greater temptation had ever yet come than a love of mischief might dictate? I, who had been. so loved, so shielded, so tenderly nurtured ; while she — my poor Eulalie — had known but a stormy childhood, in a home full of sorrow and wrong ? As these softened thoughts came over me, I scarce could see the violets for tears. What should I ask papa to give me for Eulalie ? She was going among strangers, people who lived well and dressed well, and her slender purse would not allow of any luxuries. She had her cross and cipin like mine for eveniug ear ; but — yes, let me see now:' those white and taper fingers were without ornament, except one poor ring — a poor twist of gold— nothing like any of those rings that had belonged to my mother, and which papa had locked up in what had been her jewel-case at home. There was one - a serpent with a diamond eye— would ask papa to let me give that to Eulalie, as a kiud of parting gift. Had a few more years passed over my head, I should have had better sense in my choice of au offering fpr Mrs. Langley's future governess ; but nothing could in my eyes be too good or too beautiful for Eulalie more especially in ray present repentant state of mind, wlieu I had reasoned myself into the conviction that I was somehow the sinner — she the sinned against. . . After tea that night Miss Le Breton was sent for to tho drawing-room, and after an absence of half an hour came back very pale, but with a glad light in her eyes that had in it something of defiance, and rather puzzled me. ' is it all right V I whispered, as I passed her with a pile of lesson-books On my arm. Yes, Nelb thanks to you, dear,' she answered ;, and I went to my place, and' entered into On encounter with my task, with a jubilant energy that made short work with all difficulties.1' Naturally the pupil- teacliers at -Summerfield were under fewer restrictions than we scholars, 80 I was 'not k much surprised late that1 eveniug to' see Eulalie come in from the garden by the glass- -dodr of the teacher'e room. She had a shawl .tolded Over her headj and looked wonderfully' lovely, L Prayferand eupper were < over, -and.: I was just going up to bed, when Mam'zelle 1 had asked me to fetch her netting from the teachers' room, and that was how I chanced to encounter Eulalie, Out so late !' I said, setting down the candle I held upon the table, and -forgetting all about Mam'zelle's behest. ' Yes,3 she said; the night is s,o lovely,, and X have a weary headache ; I thought the cool air might do it. good,' _ She sat down by the table, resting her head upon her hand — and oh, what a white, wan, hopeless face the light of my , candle showed me ! I knelt beside -4ier and took, her hand, whose deathly chill struck to mine. You have been worrying yourself too much about Mrs. Langley,' I said, frightened by her looks ; it is all over now, dear, and you must not worry any more.' Yes,' she said, echoing my words, .'it is all over now ; and I should be glad, should I not? Glad — and — content ' But her lip quivered as she spoke ; and her eyes, dim and heavy, seemed to he looking at all things through a mist. 'Are you ill, dear Eulalie ? Shall I call Miss Mary V I said alarmed. ( Do let me . fetch her.'. , 'No, no, fetch no one,' she answered hastily. ' I'm not ill, Nell — only tired — tired out, dear.' Tired with telling fairy- tales,' I began; then I broke off suddenly into a, new subject. All this time I had held her hand in both my own, gently chafing it to try and warm the poor chilled fingers. Now I noticed that the little hoop of gold was gone, only a tiny red mark round the finger, where it had been, remaining. ' Oh, Eulalie !— your ring — see, it is not there I' ' No,' she said, speaking in a tired, weary voice, the like of which 1 had never heard from her lips before ; it — is — not there. I have lost it, Nell.' 'Lost it? Well, that's a pity ; but it was not of much value, was it, dear ?' 'No— it wasn't of much value,' she an swered onca more, like an echo. ' But it's a pity, as you say.' ' Did you lose it while you were out just now ?' ' Yes — I dropped it — I was standing by the pool in the fields — at the deepest side — under the alders.' Then you will never see it again.' 'No — I shall never see it again.' This time she gave a shudder as she played the part of the echo. 'Never mind — don't mind — don't think about it,' I said eagerly. I'll ask papa to give ma a better one for you — a golden ser pent with a diamond eye.' Something in my words wrought a strange change in her mood. She laughed a hard laugh that had a mocking sound, and pushed me from her. ' That would be a good exchange for my poor little gold hoop,' she said, with some thing that seemed like a strangled sob, wouldn't it, Nell ?' At that moment the sound of tapping heels, and a shrill voice came along the passage : 'Que faites-vpus done, Mademoiselle Nellie ? Dpechez-vous — df5pechez-vous, mon enfant.' 'Runaway; don't let her come here,' whispered Eulalie ; and I, picking up Mam'- zelle's netting, hurried to meet that irate personage, carrying my candle with me, and leaving the teachers' room lighted only by the shadowy haze of the star-shine outside. I went up to bed, and lay there still, but w idely wakeful. I slept in a small room leading off the large dormitory, and could hear the subdued chatter and flutter of the girls ; a souud that died a - ay at last, and as if a flock of birds had gone to roost, settled down after many chirpings and rustlings, on their several perches. The old house was so still that I could hear, muffled by distance, the clock of Bromley church tolling out the hour of ten. At eleven Miss Mary would come upstairs, look in upon me, from the sheer; force of the habit of olden times, and so pass to her room on the other side of the -passage. How I could look back to thedays of my baby-hood, for I was little more- than a baby when I first came to Suminerfield, and remember the soft touch of her long ringlets on my cheek as she bent over my pillow to ' kiss me good-night !' That time seemed very far away now, for the weight of tmy first perplexity was heavy upon me ; thoughts, and fears, and strange surmises, that eoiild not be spoken of to her, that could not be told to papa, seemed to bow my young head as with the burden of years. Night and solitude are strange magnifiers, and I soon felt that I was thinking myself into a fever. ' I will go to sledp, and forget it all till to-morrow,' ;I resolved. But, as we all know, to resolve to sleep is inevitably to lie awake, and find oneself in the clutch of the demon, restlessness ; so, after tossing about for half an hour longer, I slipped out of bed, and took up a wholly unlawful posi tion, namely, a corner of the low seat in the window of my room. All the windows at Summerfield had those dear devices, cushioned with crimson chintz, and very havens of rest and delight in summer-time ; but I had no manner of business sitting there at that hour of the night. Perhaps for that very reason did I enjoy it the more. To pull up the blind was the next step I took, and I had my reward in the sight; of the loveliest of night landscapes. My room looked out at the back of the house on to the wide garden, and the coppice lay between them and the wood. Under the alder- trees was a black shiny patch, just now bridged, by a line of light, for the fair young moon was making a mirror of onr pooh and turning to silver the rushes that fringed its margin. The wKole world looked ghostly in the shiminer, and full of mysterious shadows ; wherein might lurk, I fancied, elves of various kinds. I was <jost calling to mind- my. stock of fairy lore, when, 1© 1, a , veritable, ghost—a j restless, ; wandering shade — eatne out from the shadow of the. alders ; a tall, slight ; jlgurp, ; w|th it bowed head shrouded in .white folddt,, Slowly nprand down by thh margm of the pool this figure .paced ; then, to iuy affright and sore aihaze, it. raised its' clasped hands alpft, and, wrung them as in the (throes of some ihefifeble'despair. 7" 1 . -i. i. .. , i-.s-oc ; r;:j ; \- - - The nexkdayl \yas ahnostfain myself that I had fallen asleep in the wide old window scat of ray roam, and dreamt of thai; weird figure on tire margin pf the pool the figure that wrung its hauds, and that I knew to be Eulalie. No summer day could be calmer or more perfectly placid than was my friend, now setfciog herself seriously to work upon pre parations for prompt flight to Hazledene Rectory. . .. After true school-girl fashion, "her com panions and pupils presented her with many parting presents; and if being amply pro vided with pin-cushions, pen-wipers, book markers, and such- like gearcould ensure a happy future for Miss Le Breton, she would assuredly have never known ' a carking care. ' I gave her no parting gift. I was waiting uutil I should see my father, aud find a fitting opportunity to broach the subject of the serpent with the diamond eye. Gradually the events of that strange evening, when I had seen Eulalie coine in from the garden to the teacher's room, seemed to grow less vivid to me. I was, after all, but a child still, and impressions glided off me like the figures that came and went in the surface of the old round mirror that had Reflected Eulalie's wroag-doing. I was very miserable when the actual parting with my sehool-friendJ came, very damply sad and limply sentimental ; and, as we all stopped our work to kiss and say ' Good-bye ' to the pupil-teacher, my young heart seemed well- nigh ready to hurst with grief." Eulalie, perfectly beautiful in her plain new travelling-dress and little snood-like bonnet, took a quiet farewell of each, and kissed little solemn-faced Amy twice over. Then came my turn ; but, with a pleading look at Miss Mary standing by, I slipped my hand through her arm, and so went out on to the hall-steps. Here stood Miss Maria, with the key-basket shaped like a boat, on her aim ; and ce gen til Monsieur Jos6,' with his little fiddle in his hand, was assisting at 4 speeding the parting' traveller. I caught, through my tears, a glimpse of the sweet face smiling at our assembled group from the fly- window ; saw Miss Maria wave her key-basket, Miss Mary kiss her hand, and Monsieur Jos< perforin a series of bows of ideal grace, and then My school-friend was gone, the hell rang for the dancing-class to assemble, and squeak, scrape, squeak, went the little fiddle as its owner gilded down the passage towards the lower school- room. I % as very lonely, and used to sing the song that always seemed to be associated with my thoughts of her : Te sonviGns tu Marie De liotre enf&nce; aux clumps : throwing all my heart and soul into the last refrain : Le temps quo j mgr .fcte, Cast le temps que n'esfc plus ! One night when the Christmas holidays were drawing near, and Eulalie's departure had become but a misty recollection to the rest of my companions, I was sitting by the school-room fire reading, when Miss Mary came into the school-room, looked round to every group, aud then crossed over to my side. As she laid her hand upon my shoulder I felt it tremble, and looking up met her soft eyes, filled with what seemed half pity half love,., that held a mother's tender yearning. 'Nell,' she said — and what a strange tremble was in her voice as she spoke—' the snow being so deep has delayed the post-boy until no w ; there is a letter for you, iGve, on the library table. 5 ' Is it from papa, Miss Mary ?' I said, starting up, and lajfing my book upon the mantleshelf. ' Yes, Nell.' She said no more, and turned away and left me. Left me to make the inevitable reverence at the school room door with im patience at my heart, and then to hurry to the library with more speed than grace. I was hungry for a letter from papa ; for those dear epistles had been few and far between of late. It struck me afterwards, though not at the time, that it was by design that I was sent to read my letter alone in that quiet room. I read it — all its loving expressions of tenderness — all its bright, happy anticipa tions of sunnv dys to come for him, and for ' his little girl;' but of all theworfls I read, the only sentence that seemed real to me was this : ' And the name of my wife that is to be, dear Nell, is— Eulalie.' Chapter VIII. I could not realise it. Eulalie — my school-friend — the girl whom I had asked papa to help — his wife ! I have always counted jealousy the meanest of all passions, and I am glad to lopk back now aud be able to say that not a shadow of its blighting influence once touched me in this sudden knowledge of a strange turn of fate. But this very strangeness almost dazed me. The thought that papa could love me less, because he loved my beautiful Eulalie, never crossed my mind. How perfect Eulalie would look as the mistress of Hazledene ! How well her beauty would become the grand old rooms, and the terraces in the gardens, from whence you could catch a glimpse of a soft blue line of sea, and hear the faint far murmur of the waves upon the shore ! How proud she would be of papa, and he of her, and I of both of them ; but oh, how strange it all was ! She was so young — only three years ,and a half older than I; who had struck 'fourteen o'clock,' as Amy Ladbrook called it, since my school-friend and I parted, and, though feeling the weight of years upon my head in consequence, still realised that the World did not so reckon age, and would fee ready to set me down as rather young. That Eulalie would be happy in the new life she had chosen, I did not doubt ; who, indeed, conld be otherwise whose lot it was - to be always with papa, the first object of his thought, and love, and care? ; « _ Thqre would be no need now, I thought, ' sitting there in the library : with my 'letter oh my knee, to ask him" bpiit the serpent with - the diamond eye ; , . lor would, n'ot ikhe his dear delight to give my friend all things she could' wish for ? j . I knew how he had loved and mburnedhhy mother ; . but that was long, long yoars agp. j I. was not jealous forjiermpmo#, for I knew- his reverence and tenderness would ever sur- ! round the thought of her ; and perhaps some I day you never know what odd things come to pass— I .might— well— go away aud leave papa— never loving him a bit the less, and yet loving someone else in a strange new way that was a dim and indistinct thing to me at present, but that in my mind took the shadowy semblance of Rebecca's love for Ivanlioe. Then I should be glad that he had found Eulalie, glad that his happiness was complete without my constant presence, though all the brighter for his ceaseless thought of me, and mine of him. Then in a moment, like a snake from a basket of flowers, rose up one ugly thought. Did I not know that of Eulalie— of my father's promised wife — that I could never tell ? For if my lips were sealed before, they were doubly so now. What would he, with I113 high notions of a true gentlewoman's delicate sense of honour, say, if he knew that the woman he loved was capable of reading a letter that did not belong to her ? There are some people the spell of whose presence is so great, that while we are within reach of the sound of their voice, and the trick and niauner of their smile and glance, we cannot judge them fairly — we cannot see clearly enough to set their wrong-doings in an open light, and weigh them in the balance. Of these, Eulalie was one. I had, while she was near me, been more ready to condemn myself for harsh thoughts of her, than her for the base action that had called these thoughts into being. But once free from the glamour of her marvel lous beauty and potent charm, I had seen things in a truer light, and I knew that dis trust must ever lurk underneath my love for her, deep and tender as it still was. ' Why he's old enough to be her father — almost her grandfather ! Pshaw! don't talk to me, Sister Mary; I've no patience with such folly ! The man s old enough to have better sense — and, besides, you know we can't be certain a bit ' Thus far, in Miss Maria's clear, somewhat loud voice, I heard, aud then my dear Miss Marys softer tones answering : 'No, sister, we are ceitain of nothing; and, therefore, we have no right to take anything for granted. It is of that dear child I think.' The two ladies were crossing the hall ; Miss Maria rattling her keys, a sure sign of irritation of spirit on her part. At that mo ment I almost hated her for the way she had spoken of papa ; but there was a sore place in my heart that made Miss Mary's loving words touch me to the quick, and I had a sob in my tfcroat as I sprang to the door to mefet her. ' Child, ' she said ; ' Nell, my darling ! this is strange news for yon.' She sat down on a low couch by the fire, and I knelt beside her and thre - my arms about her, holding her close as if I needed to cling to something just then. ' Here s a nice state of things,' said Miss Maria, setting the straw boat dewn upon the . table with a jerk that made tho keys therein jump, as well it might. ' I wish we'd never sent Eulalie to Mrs. Langley's. Such an idea ! A girl that hadn't a respectable dress to her back when she came to us, and to think of her marrying Sir Charles Vausitart ! Umph ! set a beggar on horseback, and he'll — no — she'll 5 ' Sister !' put in Miss Mary pleadingly, with an anxious look upon her face, as of one who didn't quite know what might come next. Miss Maria only tossed her head, and was going to take up her parable again, when the other said softly : ' Remember how kind her mother was to poor dear Charley.' The words worked like a spell. Miss Maria's firm mouth softened, and she drew a deep breath. ' Yes,' she said ; you are quite right to re mind me, Sister Mary ; ' her mother was very kind to poor dear Charley.' Kneeling by my dearest friend, and looking from her to Miss Maria, and from Miss Maria back again to her, I tried to gauge the words of each ; not succeeding very admirably, but, for all that, coming to the resolution of speaking certain bold words that craved for utterance. ' It seems to me,' I said, trembling a good deal, but very determined for all that, ' that papa is the best judge ; and that for any of us to find fault with him for choosing anyone so beautiful and gentle as Eulalie to be his wife — is — wrong.' Here my courage began to ooze out at my tingling finger-ends, and I added, with a sudden squeeze of the hand that held mine : ' I'm sure he loves her very, very dearly, Miss Maria — who could help doing that ?' As I looked up into Miss Mary's face close above me, I saw the big tears shining in her eyes ; and then all my wild excitement, all my strange feelings of the unreality of things, all my fears about the shameful story told by the old mirror, found vent in a passionate burst of weeping, that scared Miss Maria from the room, and redoubled Miss Mary's tenderness to the child of her love. I do not think papa could have been made otherwise than happy by the letter that I wrote in reply to the one telling me of his engagement to my friend. I should think Eulalie must have been pleased with the one (enclosed within it) that I sent to her. All the loving wishes for both that my heart held I tried to put into words, and I tried to let no faintest shadow of the one misgiving fall athwart the pages. That night I had a strange dream. I seemed to be standing somewhere where the air blew chill, and made me tremble with its da.nk and icy touch. All about me was a lurid gloom, and the sound of bitter weeping. Then I looked downwards, and lo ! crouching at my feet, was a child clothed in rags, and as I , looked it raised a little, pitiful, woe. begone face, streaming with tears, to mine. It may seem a strange thing to chronicle — a childish dream full of vague fear and dread ; but I have cause to chronicle it, for in the time to come that dream- child came to me many times and oft, and ever as the harbinger of misfortune. Always weeping always dressed in rags that clung about its withered, shrunken limbs, always looking up at me, with its wee, white, weary face. T W hat was it ? Whence did it come ? I cannot tell j but this much I know, thatL '-" — p— — — . wan— — ! jave met with others beside myself who have i been subject to the strange recurrence of one weird 'dream ever boding ill. Mrs. Langley, the wife of the rector of Hazledene, wrote delightedly of her young governess's good fortune. She had Wen how it would-be from the first, she said. Sir Charles \ ausitart had always been a frequent visitor at the Rectory but after Miss Le Breton's arrival, few days passed without a visit from him, and he took to joining the ' dear children ' when out for a ramble on the shore in her care. Miss Le Breton had a wonderful gift for telling fairy tales, and in the hour 'between' the lights ' she used to tell her little pupils the most lovely legends. At first she was very shy when Mrs. Langley, the rector, and Sir Charles joined the audience ; but a little gentle encouragement soon set her at her ease, and the grown-up listeners enjoyed the fairy-lore as much as the two tiny maids for whose original benefit it was intended. ' They all seem very happy together, Miss Mary, don t they ?' I said, when the reading aloud of Mrs. Langley's letter was finished. It reads like a story — doesn't it ?' The marriage was to take place in January and I was to be promoted to the womanly glory o. long dresses ' on the occasion ; an idea that filled me with a new and over powering dignity even in anticipation. It so chanced that I had not seen Mr. Girdstone since Eulalie's betrothal was a known fact until one day I met him in Bromley meadows. I thought his trousers seemed to have shrunk away from his ankles more than ever, and assuredly his hat was more on the back of his head. But the kind old face was the same ; the eyes guileless and tender as those of a child ; the shrivelled hand as ready to close on mine and hold it fast and close. Miss Dosia was, perhaps, more terrible in her winter than her summer gear ; for a black beaver bonnet is a most forbidding kind of armour, and her fur-tippet was of some uncomfortable kind of fur, that stood out on end in every direction, and could not bo persuaded to lie down sleek : ud smooth., I used to think it must be the product of some peculiar kind of animal kept for her benefit alone ; for I never saw any fur at all like it before, and I have never seen any of so rampant and unmanageable a nature since. Her dress was of what she called ' a sensible walking length'— that is, it dis played her square ankles and large service able boots in all their native grace ; indeed, a general and prevading idea of ankles was the impression always left upon the miud of the beholder after meeting this brother and sister in their out-door costume. ' Ah, Nell. Well, my dear, going to fetch butter and eggs, eh ?' said the vicar, holding me by the hand, and pointing to the basket on my arm. It was a way he had to make little feeble jckes when Miss Theodosia was in her grimmest moods ; I think he did it in a sort of forlorn hope that the mind of the destined victim of these moods might be .-jog thed aud diverted thereby. Then he began to fidget from one foot to the other, for a kind of rustling of his sister's rampant plumes told that she was in the throes of rising ideas, presently to find utterance. ' So vonr nose is put out of joint, Miss Nell?' I stood silent, my eyes fixed with a kind of fascination' upon her face, where something chat was meant for a smile, but which was almost a sneer, played lambently. The vicar's fidgeting seemed meanwhile ready to develop into a kind of Indian war- dance, in the which his umbrella should do duty a3 a tomahawk. Tut ! Nonsense ! "Nose out of joint;" no such thing !' he ejaculated, getting poppy- red. You mean, Miss Theodosia,' said I, speaking very deliberately in my efforts after the dignity becoming in a Vansitarfc ; ' you mean that papa will not care about me any more now that he is going to marry Eulalie? Well, you are mistaken — quite mistaken ; and your thinking so just shows how very little you know of him, or of— any of us.' I included Eulalie boldly in this ' any of us,' and Miss Theodosia for once in her life seemed thoroughly taken aback — as, indeed, people generally are when their hints and inuendos are clothed in plain words, and set before them in the light of day. 'We shall get our deaths of cold standing here with the wind cutting us in two,' said the vicar eagerly, stamping his boots as if to restore the circulation in the feet they covered. 'Yes,' I answered; 'it is cold. Good bye.' And then, after touching the wooden joints of Miss Theodosia's fingers, and get ting a warm grasp from her brother, I sped on my way, my head bent as though to stem the roughness of the keen east wind, but in reality to hide from any passer-by the angry tears that rose to my eyes and blurred mv sight. ' So that is how people talk— that is how people think of all these things !' I thought in bitter protest against those constructions that the world is pleased to put upon our actions for us, and against which it is useless to rebel. 'They think I'm jealous, do they , thev pity me because papa will not care for me ' any more— as if— as if'— I reiterated in mv passionate resentment for the wrong done tL me and to him-' anything or anybody fo this world could make us love each othe shameful I'" Y do 01b it is Dowi dropped the hot tears. I was hljnA -deaf too, \surely, for I never Wd tSf sound of footsteps behind me a that I nearly let fall thfb?5kewS held some jelly for a sick child in thexffl when someone spoke quite close to me : kerchief.' d?"' yU dt0pped y®111 'uu,d- wt WiS S16 vioar. » breathless with , ryiDg Mter me, and looking aa if he were ruli ox a kind of radiant Bohshiiib'wifis own so rejoiced was he in having outwritied his sister. I looked up at him wned eyes aud trembling lips; and Ss%e stuffed the handkercfoef mtomyhand, hihISPer6< to me, forgetting the -distance afwhich the grim figure in the 'far-tipp611 waiting Don?i inind.wteav she said, child ; it's cf l' Dear. dear don't cry ; tut-tut 1 never about It » ! v " '» j i Vv «. j i — 'It's. not true, Mr. Girdstone,' I gasped out. 'I hate anyone to say such things— -to speak s< of papa and me.' No, no ; it's not true, not a word of it,' he whispered, with a. stealthy backward glance ; ' don't mind it — don't think about it, there'-'j a dear child.' I f'iit so much for bis distress for me that, meeting his kind eyes, I managed to call up a ferible sort of smile ; at which he nodded till. I thought his hat must come off its perilous resting- place upon the hack of his arth then trotted off to where, looking l ike a scarecrow to frighten birds from corn, stood Miss Theodosia, gaunt and grim. ' I wish I had told her that my dress for the wedding is to be made quite long. How vexed she'd have been I and she couldn't have done anything — not a thing — to shorten it one inch 1' was my next not very amiable reflection. Then I reached the village, and saw a little worn white face lifted from its pillow to smile at the pretty yellow jelly, that quivered on the willow-patterned plate I set it on. I have brought it with Miss Mary Sylvester's love,' I said to the sick child's mother, proud and glad to see how she smiled at hearing the dear donor's name. 'She knows how to comfort a poor creature that's full of sorrow, does Mies Mary, God bless ber gentle ways!' said the woman. There is them as means well, I make no doubt, but as do harass a body dreadful with their pryin' ways.' Ah,' thought I to myself, tho scarecrow has been here, hurting other people as she has been hutting trie.' As I went towards home again a sudden squall of wind aad rain came on, driving ia ray face and wetting me through to the skin. I had no umbrella with me, as it chanced ; but even if I had it would have been but little use. The wind seemed to have gone wild, and was tearing like a mad thing at everything within its reach. Not only did it sway the poor trees earthwards, bat gave them a wrench round when, it get them down; and as to my hat, which came untied in the melee, I saw it disappear aloft/ with its strings streaming onh behind like the lags of a bird, It rain that bit and stueg that now beat upon my uncovered head ; rain that drove straight along the ground ; rain that made little pools in the pathway, and then \- churned them into sut'i&ture; maelstroms. All this was unpleasant enough with three wide fields still . to traverse, and my hat, gone. Suddenly a ponderous figure appeared looming in my pathway — a sorb of stoat mummy, swathed in carious garment. It was Sarah, the Summerfield cook, that cun ning deviser of cakes and tarts, wrapped in a huge waterproof, head and all. In another moment I was as shapeless as her self, for she came well provided with wraps, and the two of us, holding on to each other, made the best way we could homewards, Ah we reached the little gate in the garden hedg8, there was Miss Mary wildly gesticu lating at the kitchen door, and I, breaking from cook, fled to that warm and welcome shelter, ggMisB Mary blamed herself for letting me have my own way In the matter of carrying the jelly to the sick child. ' It was against my better judgment,' she said, making me drink a glass of steaming cowslip- wine and I am afraid I rather enjoyed the whole thing : the fnsa and the cowslip- wine, and the general npset ; as one is apt to enjoy such things when one is very young indeed, both in years and in feeling. But with the next morning came other frwfl more grave reflections. There was something odd the matter with my throat, and the stinging raindrops seemed still making my eyes dim and heavy, As the day passed on these things grew worse instead of better, and a sharp pain now and again canght me as I drew my breath. Old Doctor Glnmford, oar Bromley Esculapius, came to see me that night, and twice the day after ; and that stabbing pain, Instead of catching my breath now and was so constant that I dared not draw an honeBt breath at all, bat tried to get along with short quick gasps. What oame after this is misty ; but always through the haze of my troubled conscious- ness shone the loving anxious faces of Miss Mary and MisB Jane, whil8 Miss Maria, keys and all, came at fitful intervals. In deed, the basket that beid them, taking hold of my mind as trifles are apt to do when the brain is unstrung and the body suffering, played no small part in my delirious fancies. I was sailing on a troubled sea in that frail vessel of straw ; the keys got entangled about my feet ; the water oozad in through the sides of my craft, and was cold — cold — cold — rising round me. I strove madly to bale it out with my hands, but it slid through my fingers ; aad still, higher and higher, the straw boat filled. Then all at once I found myself sitting up in my little white bed crying ont for help, and someone — conld it bd papa? — caught me in his arms, held me close, and quieted my delirions fears. ' Am I very ill ? Am I going to die and leave you ? ' I sobbed, clinging about his neck ; and he, kissing me between the words, said ; ' No, my darling ; God will spare yea to me now, Nell.' After that night things grew clearer to me. and soon I f juud that Christmas had come quite near without my knowing. What about the wedding, and my beautiful long dress ? ' I said to papa one day when I was able to sit up and lock through my window at a white world, snow- clad even to the tiniest twig upon the bare bpngha of the hawthorn bushes. 'The wedding must wait till yon are better, Nell,' be said ; and then he added : 4 Eulalie hai been in dreadful trouble abont yon. dear ; Bhe has written nearly every day.' Thank her for me,' I said ; and then I mt mv faoe up to his, and kissed him. ?Give ber that for me, M whispered shyly. I did not like that idea of the wedding M.ry Into my oonMenoo on the matter, and she, calling to mind that italic had no home of her own, but was obliged to remain in a kind of false posi tion at Mrs. Lragley's until papa took her away, came rpund to my view of things, and between us we persuaded him to let things take their course. ' I can wear the long dress another time,' I said, smiling, when this was settled. Yet I only spoke thus lightly to hide from him the pain it was to have to give it all np. As to spending my Christmas at Snmmerfield, there was no hardship in that. The old place was like a cage from which five and- twenty chattering magpies had flown, and its perfect quiet was very gratefnl to me in my weakness. The wedding-day was the fifth day of the new year ; and the world was still as white and glistening as if it were a huge wedding- cake. See,' I said to Miss Mary, as the hour appointed for the marriage drew on, tho sun is shining his best for them, thongh he is only a winter sun. I shall shut my eyes and faucy I hear the bells of Hazledene ; they souud so sweet, ringing out over the water, and the hills giving baok an echo.' ' You may Bhufc your eyes and fancy what you like, if you drink this beef- tea that Sarah has just brought upstairs first of all,' %he said, smiling. I thiak papa and Eulalie must have taken some of the sunakioe with them" on their wedding journey, for their letters seemed full of it ; a fact that the spirit cf mischief ever lurking in my heart caus-d me to animadvert upon with much effusionjto Miss 'Dosia on the occasion of oar first meeting after my illness. Then I added, looking in nocently into the yawning cavern of the big beaver bonnet : ' Don't I look as if £ had been dreadfully spoilt while I have been ill, Mies Theodosia ? 4 Has it been really only a cold, or were you fretting ? ' she answered spitefully. Bat the buoyancy of convalescence was over me, and I resisted gallantly, Both,' I said, iaughiag ; 4 it was pleurisy, and I frsttod myself the more because I was So have worn a dress wish a real long train at the wedding, and couldn't, you see.' Spring came earlv that year, and how lovely looked my 4 Land of Seu'i&h; 5 as her awes - breath touched it ! When you looked tip?;ard3 through the trees, a rose-green saiat told you of a million tiny b ads swelling into life. Ia my wood the bu ds sang like mad ; and The green grass climbing throng h the brown,"' the sheen of a buctsr-cup here and there, and the priceless treasure of 'the first violet found nestling in one shelte red nock, told that the winter was past. Time fhw quickly by, and soon, or it seemed soon, the lilac- treer were weighed down with perfumed pyramids of bloom, the laburnum shook out its golden tresees to the wind, aad the guelder-roses — nature's snow-ba'ls — tempted little Amy's fingers to forbidden thefts. So day followed day in that eternal pro cession that is so pitilessly changeless, no matter if it be joy or, sorrow to which it drifts us on, and the last day before oar Easter going-homa-day oame round. Now Easter was to take me to Hazle- dene, and I was as ready to sing as the thrashes in the wood at the prospect of so much happiness : Ta gouvieus-tu, Marie, De notre eaf anee aux champs— But here I stopped short, for the old song did not. adequately express my pleasures to come. It would be in the old home by the sea shore — in the dear old home that faithful Roland guarded — that Eulalie and I should renew our dear companionship. My heart was as light as a feather; I even conde scended to forget my budding young-lady dignity,' and played hare- and- hounds with the younger fry when all the p&ckiug; was done. I was merry all day, but at night the dream- child came tome — still clothed in rags that clung about its shrunken limbs; still weeping ; still lifting its wee, white, weary face, streaming with tears, to mine. — " All the Year Bound." (TO BE COJSnKTTED.) 