PARLIAMENTARY. Monday, 10' 15, During the consideration of thoJEatimateSrin Ohiof, Mr. Bailey movod. tho ' omission of the item for the Governor's travelling expenses.: Tho motionWas lost by 80 to 7. ' Mr. Bulley's amendment to roduco tho allowance of His Exoollonoy for uniforms, forqgo,ipoatngo, otn,; from £600 to £250, .was carripd by'20. to 18., . Mr. Bailey movod tho omission of £800 allowodHis Exoollonoy for a,oountry residence. Mr. Griffith said tho amount was an extrava gant ono for a mere cottage. | Mr. Aleston stated, he was prepared to , prove., that ill Ohiuese servants.' of; tho, Governor' rooeivod opium duty free, and then they ro-sold it to their follow countrymen in town. : Thh remaining items for the Governor's salary and iillowanoos woro passed, , , .. iO'80 p.m. ; Votes for sorvioos in the Legislative Ouuaail and the Assembly, amounting to £12,769,: were' pnisod without disansaion. i 'TnEATBE Royal.— Tho now oompany oom- ?ouood thoir short serioB of bigh-class psrfor- . nances last night, opening with Bulwer Lytton's beautiful play of " Rioholieu," about no of tbo most diffloult pieoes in whioh Mr. Dillon, who personated tho grand Cardi nal, oould well have ohoson for his iebut, and one whioh not only tries bhie powers of tho aotor, but the patienao of tho audibne'o, as neithor tho situations nor tho dialogue aro particularly startling, and the interest is not suffioiontly sustained. Mr. Dillon's oonosption of Rioholiou, tho virtual qivereig'a of Franco, and it may be .said. the nost poworful Minister in Europo, .was aoaroely i dgnified enough, but very, oroditablo npou tbe yholo, and (iu somo eoenea ho qhito oarrlod the louse with him, whioh showed its approval by sudden hursts of appiauao ; but ho waB not so grot iu hls 'snbtilo soenos with Joseph and Marion ; .do Lerma as in his deolamatory and highly wrought utteranoos. Of Miss Fender's Julia de' Mortemar wo oauuot speak too highly ; it was ii; most graceful portraituro of tho high-bred woman of tho day , and aoted \- with. spirit, d'olioacy aud jitdgmont. This lady evdontly posaossoa moro than ordinary his- trunio' ability ; somo of hor passages were stiikingly offeotivo, and mads a marked im: prtssion upon tho audienoe, who. wero lavish of thdr applause, and on ono oooasion whero.sho ihcignantly ' ropols tho Cardinal's saepioiou as to her submission to the King's passion, aini almost rises to sublimity iu the loftinsBs of hei scorn, sho got a regular salvo. We oer- taiily ' anticipate au unusual treat , in Mr,. Dilon and' Misa/Pender's,, found of Shako- spoiian . characters, as wo are satisfied, from, tho specimen wo had last night of this lady's BUUiUf tvuiiu nu wiu uuivuiu 'auua tuu wn jr iu whidh Mr, Dillon acquitted himself in his diffi- oult'rofs, that when ho' aornos to' ShakeBpoara ho will giro us a gnllory of portraits worth seeing. In tho aftorpieoe of tho " Loan of a Lover" Miss Poudor's Gertrude was tho feature, and played with muoh arohnoss. and piquancy. Wo would observe in oonclusion that the saonory in tho two foregoing pieces were equal to anything we have seen in tho colonies for porspootivo ooloring and design, and refleot the highest orodit upon the scene paintor, Mr. DouglaB, who may justly be proud of his work. Tho houso was remarkably well atteudod, more particularly the front seats. " Hamlet ' (is advertisod for to-night, and we should adviso our readors to soaurc their seats. ' The Queensland Handbook and Passen- obbb' Guide.— This monthly publication is to hand, and we havo muoh pleasure in noting that tbe handbook falls in no way behind thoso itaiicd in previous months. \- , Skating. — Owing to the Oddfellows' Hall being engaged thoro was no performance last night, nor will there bo any exhibition of skill in skating to-night. But to-morrow evening operations will be resumed. This afternoon the hall is opon to skaters till 6 o'olook. PnoEEssoB Pepped. — Tho inventor of tho " Ghost " and other optioal delusions, has ar rived in Sydney under engagement to Mossrs. HiBoook and ' Hay man, the woll-known thoa- trioal spooulators. Tho Professor will " show' iu Malbourno, Sydnoy, and Brisbane, whore ho will draw; immensely, and probably will visit Rookhainpton with a portion of his exhibi tion towards tho ond of Ootober. ' Reoatta, — Wo uudorstan d that tho soulling competition by orows from ths Fitzroy Rowing Club, for the cup offorod by Mr. Poarae, will oome off on Saturday, 2nd August., Several other raoes will supplement this event, they probably wiU prove interesting as good rowists intend oompeting. We hear that a orew from tho Scottish Lassie will try oonolusions with our local " water birds " on tho ocoasion wo havo ulludod to. Police Couht. — At this oourt yesterday beforo tho P.M., ouo drunkard waB dealt with iti the usual manner. Roso Abner, a Dutoh girl, was brought up ou a ohargo of vagrancy. Tho poor girl was ' found by ' Constable O'Sullivan in tho stablo of the Creinorno Hotel She was aovorod with straw, and presontod a pitiable sight. Tho Bench ramaudsd the defendant till .to-day, in order to obtain further evidooce concerning hor. Tub Sydney Exhibition. — Roporta pub lished in parts of tho Queensland pross have load many to boliera that this exhibition- will not be opened until the first wook of Ootober, Tho Courier oontradicts tho rumors on tho authority of a toiegrsm from Mr. Augustus Morris, which is ns follows:— "No authority for statements in Press that Exhibition will not opon till first Ootobor. Impossible at present to fix' date, probably towards ond of Sap- tqmbor." It is undorBtoud that tho 24th of September will bo tho opening day. More: Tyranny. — Another inBtanoo of tho off- baud maunor in wbioh Government is dealing with old and tried pnblio servants, is brought undor our notioe by tho Aramao Mail:— "Wo rogret vory muoh (sayB that journal) to annonnoe that tho Govornmont havo disponsod with tho scrvioes of Iuspooter Morati, of tho native polioo, On the 4th July ho received a tologram informing him that his sorvioeB were disponsod with from tho 30tli June.'' Mr. Moran has been eight years in tfiw service ; has always been regarded qi an arltlvo ipd intelligent officer, andfisc hq'!is- turqed bff rnqtbont't notioe, as if lie hkd poipqiratsd aomepgraco- ful aot, This is not only tyrannical, bnt disgrace fully unjust. No inspeotor oan ratlrd abruptly from tbe servioe, he must give duo notioo oi bis intention, and if he perform his dutios without' blame or obnau'ro, surely ho is''due'for" aamer.notloa on the part of tho Goverijnaent ; some remuneration for being summarily dis missed, fit some explanation even, if, only , complimentary oharaoter. The arbitrary : method adopted by -Mr.- M'llwraith, of oon- :duoting the details of his retrenchment polioy puts ua in mind of the old Bnttorman'a— " High and, Mighty." Is it possible, that the Govornmont oan oxpeot to olitaih ' the sorvioeB of good. men if they, reward thqqa.in so eourvy a manner, . and if they throw them off right and loft to starve, with as much unoouoorn as doos the wheel throw off in its gyrations showers of mnd npou the puntuloons of a dandy.' Rathbr Htabtling.— The Western Cham pion hat published a copy of a oiroular ad dressed by Mr. A, O. Herbert, Commissioner for Railways, to business men in the, :Wcst, the exietenoeof whioh we were in. oorapleto ignor ance, bnt the contents of whioh , aro of ao startling a oharaoter that wo plaoo them be- ifore our readers. " Commissioner for Bail- ways Offloe, Brisbane, 17th Juno, 1879: The Govornmont having made arrange ments to opon tbo , Western Railway to noma oy iuo ihc uuuuary, j.oou, a have tho honor to invite attention to this matter , to enable nooessary arrangoineuts to be made for tho transport' of wool, produoo tores, 4o, between Brisbane and Roma, on and' from suoh date, viz., 1st January, 1889. A- O. Herbert, Oommissioner for Railways." What does this provo? First. that the Gov-, eminent is detorminod to scoure, if possible,' the whole of tho Western trade f6r Briabauo, and aeoondly that they havo ontcred tho mar kot as a firm, with tho intention of competing agaiust Rookhampton, and that thny are posi tively noting the parts of touters in order to hold Brisbano and othor Southern oonstituen- oioe in , hand. It is quito right that . tho Minister for Works should , give due notioe of the opening of an extenqion of the South western Railway— or ratlior of an.oxtonsioit of of the ' South-Western Railway in"a north- weBtorly direotion; but to aond oirouiars rmind invitin'ir the . attention . of . tho Wostorui men to tho arrangements mado for tho iransport of wool, produce 'stores, &o.;, is beyond measure, disgraooful, partial and unwarrantable, Tho Western Champion started as ft beliqver in,., .and supporter ,of,: ,the. present Govornmont ; but it would appear as if it was fast losing faith in it ; for writing upon tha "oiroular" it says: — "Already- Ministers have shown a dishonorable desire to oonoiliato > their opponents by noting ooutrary to the polioy whioh they were pledged to pursuo. Thoy have already irritatod their western oonstituonoios by attempting to foist upon them moasuros whioh are unpalatable and unjust, and now they aro endeavoring to sooure tho goodwill of Brisbano eiootors by oounteuanoing au oxtousioa of the Southern Railway to the negleotof ail iniorosts north oi Roma," The Western men aro told in plain langnaga ' that they are expected to eond their wool to/and to purohaso thoir stores from Brisbane, and .that.lt is tho, intention of the Government to oontinuo . tho oxtonsion right through tho oountry of whioh Rookhamp ton and othor Northern ports aro the natural SiltlulionbS '"WesferualPwAV.' " rail Wostom Railway is tho ouo from Rookhampton to Baroaldine Downs, and this is tho ono whioh the Western ' men ' and Rookhampton must unite to sooure. Wo have not tho slightest fear of Brisbano, if we havo fair play — but the Brisbano peoplo are terribly frightened of Rookhampton, and the Govern ment are adopting most' unfair' moans' td keep, it iu the baokground. ; Pbize Sheep,— Tho ten .fat wothera ex- hibited by Mosses Romo Bros, from Terriok Station were purohasod by 'Messrs. Lynoh & Orchard; who have handed to us for public ation the following list, showing the weight of ouoh oaroaas 100, 97, 96, 85, 85, 90, 97, 87 81, 89 lbs.,; average weight of eaoh oaroaBS, 90-7. This incontestably proves the fattening properties of gross on tlio Barcoo.— Western Champion. London. — London has 7000 miles of ntroots, and on an averago 28 miles of new streets are opened aiid 9000 new houses built ovory year 1000 v6890ls and 9000 sailors are in'port ovory , day. Its crimo is also in . proportion to its ex tent ; 73,000 persona aro aunaaily taken into oastody by the polioo, and more - than ono- third of all tha orirae in the . country is oosr- . mitted within its borders ; 88,000 persons are ! annually found . guilty of drunkennoas by its magistrates. Tho metropolis, oomprisss oon- siderably npwardb of 100,000 foreignora from every quarter of the globe. . , , The Govbbniibnt Land Poijoy,— Rumours wero ourront in town yesterday to tho effect that tho Loan Estimates will ussumo a form materially diiforont from that skotohed out in the various . Ministerial : nttoronoos. It (is bo- lisved that tho Wqatorn Railway polioy will bo oobteaotod, and conli iod 1 mainly to the Central lino. Branch li'ios' will bo moro liberally dealt with, nn I it' is said that both tho Fassifcrri uud Mount Esk : Railways ' will form part of tbo :.programme. Wa. givo tho report for what it is worth, noting in addition the hint reoently given by the Brisbane corres pondent of the Rookhampton Mullctin, to the effeot that the . disproportion between the amount allotted to the branch and the trunk linos might not be so groat as was commonly supposed. Tho Brisbano correspondent of the mwufrpofriir id vvu44u ouw «. v» viuuihdi - \4«UUrtlli — . Ipswich Observer. The Kelly Gang.— Suspicious.— Some im portant facts have reached us (Melbourne Ago July 1) in reference to tho rooeut visit of. Miss Kelly aud Mrs Skillian to Melbourne. Oaptaiu Hamilton Oliver, of tho ship Viotoria Cross, had his vessol at anohor at Saudridge whou Miss Kelly, was in towu, aud ho was inter- .viewed by tho sisters of ' tbo outlaws. Thoy asked him what his terms would bo to take four or five goutlomou, friends of j theirs ou hoard aud oarry them to Oulifornia. Captain Oliver gave them an idea of his tonus, and was theroupon informed that their friends would not oomo ' on hoard at Sandridgo, but Erobubly at .Qucensoliff. Nothing, dofiuite, owover, was nrraugod, nor was a poBitivo anBWer givon by Captain Oliver. Several days afterwards a man, woariug a slouoh lmt, and altogether presenting a somewhat suspiaious nppoaruuoo, saw the oaptaiu, and requosted a positivo answer from him to tho ouquiries made a fow d»ys previously. Captain, Oliver, not liking tho look of tho fellow, made somo bxouse for giving suoh a roply as was desired, he, in fapt, thought that tho man who stood bofore him, if not one of tho outlaws, at all events was in some way oouneotud with tho Kelly gang. _ In order, thoroforo, to allow time for the polioo to bo ' communicated with, Captain Olivor made nn appointment with tha follow at tho General Post-offico, aud promised to givo then a definite roply, and supply all tho information asked for. Tho man loft, and the polico wero at onao informed of what had transpired, and also of tho place and time fixod for tho mcoting at tlio Goueral Post Offioo. Tho polioo authorities stationod a number of iloteotivM and plain-olothos constables at thr P«M"'OfflM;>and took ovory precaution to Mute tfib eapturo of thoso persons who would; .tuo port ln the interview with Oaptaln Oltwoiryji i'blit n»,olii» excepting tha ..W ppairtfiba. Thoro is little doubt but that thiv presenoa of so many members of tho pollde Foroa' put Miss Kelly and hor friends on the alert, and thoy, therefore, did not seek to koep tho appointmeut. If Captain Oliver i suspicions ,wpre oorroo.t . ho..did not not .YerJ . wisely in tlio matter, and wonld havo rendered better sorvioo to tlio publio— and also groatlj benefitted himself at the seme ttmo— had be kopt his own oouqBel, aud. agreed to take Miss Kelly's fflends on board at obrtalii tor ms. Ho .might havo taken- measures, ,to sooure those pooplo after thoy oamo' on board, and lliua 'olaimed the £8000 reward if thoy turned out i.— 4i.a irniiwa av itzttA luul a fniffioiontlv 1 |ftl utl mio ajbvi ij u; wt ' Numerous body of armed 'oonstnblos" stowed isway in the' vessol who oould then easily have oaptured tho outlaws, , Of course it oannot bo said with cortoihty that the negotiations opened with Onptain Olivor by Miss Kelly woro .for tho purpose of scouring a passage to California for the notorious Kelly gang, but it appears probable. -The Victoria Cross sailed on Satuiduy, for California. 1 Maodonald v. Tully.— This onao (says the Courier) yrns oallod .on for tho' doliyory of judgment in' three .matters pending in the' Ration— namely, a demurrer argued before trial, 'a motion to enter judgment upon the finding of 'the jury, and a motion for o now trial. Ou tbo argument, Mr. Griffith, Q.O., with Mr. Harding and Mr. Real, instructed by Mbssre.' jW. E. Murphy, aud Puterson, appeared for the plaintiff; and the Attomoy-Oonoral (Mr. Pring) with. Mr. Gsrrick, instruoted by the Crown Solioitor, for the defendant (tho Govern ment). Mr. Justioo Lutwyoho and tho Chief Justioo now delivered ju 'graent ut length, tbo rosult being judgmant for tbo plaintiff on the demurror, with his oosts ; a now trial granted for. the reassessment of damages ; the -motion for judgment to bo postponod until after suoh 'now. trial;, all iurthor questions of oosts ro- aerv-id until tho further hoaring. Tbo now almost historical ouso of Macdonald v. Tally was advanooil another stago. Those who havo token sufflaient interest in the notion to follow it through its legal inlrioaoios will remember that the judgment of the Fall Court was ponding in threo matters — namely, a demurrer argued beforo trial, .in, wbioli the prinoipat question argued was as to whother the lenses of tho country forming tha . subject matter of the notion constituted !! good title ; a motion to enter judgment upon tho findings of the jury upon the trial at Rookhampton ; on a motion for anew trinl, bnsod mainly on tlio (pounds that tho Judge presiding at tho trial did not direot , the jury . as to tho propor measure of damages, and that tho damagcB awarded by the jury — £19,700, £7700 of whioh was given as interest — was excessive: Air. Justioo Lutwvohe and the Ohiof Justice, tbo Judges who hoard tbo argument in _ those inittora, delivered judgmont, the reading of whioh oooupied ovor an hour.' J The oourt hold that tho loasos conferred an notual title, and gave ' judgment on tlio de murrer for tho plaintiff, with his oosts. Regarding the moiioU for a' neW ! trial Mr. Justioo Lutwyoho expressed tho opinion that tho damages awarded by ' tho jury wero ex- oessivo, and should be reduced by the amount of £7700 givou as iutorost. Tho court also bivmo to tlio oonolusiou that the truo prinoiple upon whioh tho moasliro of damages should bo Oaloulatod had uot been laid boforo tho jury by ihn nrsnirlinir .Ttidirh; Tho i lll'V hud nroeeedcd on a wrong basis, and had given aa errouoous finding. Thoy should havo had ./'tho stuto of tho law oxplaiuod to thoin, and boon iuformod as to the uaturo aud extent of the plaintiff's tenure. Oonsequoutly d new trial was granted for tho purpose of reassessing tho damages, arid for that purpose only. Ponding tho result of that enquiry, tho judgment of tho court iu ro- forenoo to tho motion to enter np judgment was suspended. ;:r : , ,. ) King Bon. — Our Marnnoa aorrospondont, writing from "Mitoholl, sands' ns tho following iutorosting item, of news, relating to the auorigines ana tnoir customs in that part of tlio oountry:— »Wo had grout lamoutations hero . tbo othor day, on acaouut of I ho doath of a groat warrior among his tribe. King Bob of Woomblobunk, who was slain in: battle, a fow montliB ago, was brought hore by .his friends. The ooffin whioh contains tho romains of his Maj jBty is mado out of the bcBt ironbark, and has tho exaot shapo of an Egyptian mummy. Besides tho. King, ..the tribe carries also tho roratiius of tho Royal Prince, a brother to his late, Majosty, who died somo, two. years ago, also tho victim of a war. It'is sad to sec tho poor mother (a blind old gin) koeping a long ; vigil over tho two bodios of her departed sons. Tho poor old thing (not porhaps vory respootf ul to uso suoli an oxprossion for- a quoou mother) deprived herself of her blahk'ots to aovcr the ooffins of hor sons, and when I wont down to soo tho doad sho sat shivoriug in the oold, naked, and would not for the world take any of tho coverings. So we gave her an extra blanket for hereolf, with a pipe and tobaooo to cousolo hor ovor hor Iobscs. The aoffius are adorned with all the ornaments ths warriors uaod to woar whou in war paint and full dross —feathers and beads. Tho hoads of tho doad aro turned towards the oast, and as the mombors of tho tribo wander from plaoo to plaoo, they take tho departed with tliqm until a oortnin number of moons shall havo lapsed, and thou thoy will bary thorn in the saored soil, situated; somowhero towards the west., I think I oould havo bought the coffin of the Royal Prinoe, and perhaps it would havo, been a ouriosity'fbr 'ono of our musoums, and even porhapB for tho Sydnoy International Exhibi- tion. "—Courier, 