BITTER SWEETS. ALOVESTOEY. By Joseph Hatton. . B«ri letted *gaf«st the mast, with bis head in bis bMds, tod rocked himself to and fro. ?Dotft give way like that, man,' said BarnB, taking him by the * urn', and thinking eiultingly tohltBSBlf 'he's in my power sow I have need of ' 'Oh, Winford, I shall go mad !' Paul exclaimed, teuaujf^mcBif from hie grasp, and rushing to the waeotme ve»sei. Bmhb WM upon him In a moment, and he held him with a grip of iron. {JPd6lr he exclaimed. ' Coward 1 have you no thought for Anna Lee? Where's all the love you tfttkjrfPi' ?-???. ? ; ? -- ? ' Baniirknew how to play upon Paul Slaesey. ' 'Ee eauld -govern every stop, sound him from the iowe»t note ,to the top of his compass. *T«s* lie said, *I did not intend to kill him. No, ?m. ? wnriM hftvA AAVAd Mml' ^Coine, louse np, you are like a fellow that's dftnifc-^omfe;' and ? Winford shook Paul, who etagKet0d,'&nd; would have fallen but for Win ford'siMUtance. ' '.Jtmnemtiar,' , he said, 'remember — you might Wifrwtfcd for murder,' (the last word, hissed into FftolVi ear^ did ifioreto rouse. him than anything ?leey^'but I am your friend, Paul; -cheer up— I will never desert you.' 1-ai«l ^Ifr'+Wat- ?iliAva flue a fihayina in TVinfrtTii'a nanaar towards him, Almost a .threat in tho.tone of his voice. , ?You'll nottetray trie, Winford,' he said faintly, the thought i-of conviction, in the eight of Anna tee, completing the load of fear and dread and horror which pressed apon him. ? ''Seterl1 -Cams, come; -a lurch of the vessel— ; feu-»verboaid by accident— a little too much wine detruck his head against the boat as he fell— the e^nw-esw toehold you when you -wished .bravely Xp rlik yonr own life. Come, come; Paul, cheer Hft liiX'A I ' 'J'hAVufc *a Atolwr AMa fn1l/iRT lane In Mil A '^*| 'TIT*-** t *MUQ ig VU4J VUO IQUUn IVQD AU KUU world, and you can do without him, for he was yonr rival. Come, com;' and Wintord led Paul to -the. ride where the men were clambering stoat*. ?:2hd now rrey streaks in the east gave token of tile advent Of another day. To Pau I Massey 1 igb t ipemtfd fo (Mine with marvellous rapidity, and to elate upon him, to taunt him with 'his crime, to light np the scene of his wickedness for a venceful purpose. Morning was breaking, though Harry ftheiftbill war no more: the morning had come. '?ya&d; the fUtmer too, both asking for the friend whom PaulJHaseey should have given up to them, eafe and1 living as he was in the flesh when he rtebpfed on board Paul!* ill-starred ship. , A l«ng black Streak, like a mourning plume, bung from the funnel of the distant steamer, growing Digger land bigger as it neared the point of rendezvous. :; -The steamer's boat was lowered; the yacht's boat met it half-way with the sad message ; then th6 two boats 'parted, and the steamer continued its Jfing journey. , The son shone out brightly, glimmering on the white sails of ships ' making their way up and down the; channel. JleUwick, with .its one tall fipue pointing heavenward,' presented its varied raoj6)StioDs tothe morning beam, and the breakers eould b.e'^ees, white and sparkling, on the black rocks neftr Denby Else. It was a bright and cheery picture, but. ead and wearisome and torturing to Paul Massey, who eould only think about a pale, ghpstlyfonn, going down, down, into the depths of the sea, with the mark of his murderous fingers npohit. He could see it drifting, drifting, help* lesBly, with its eyes glaring upwards, sppealingly, tenderly, rebukingly. Ao sunshine . could gild that cold dead face ;- no breeze of morn or evening lift that dank hair, which clung about the pale daihp'brbiv;; no haven gi re rest to that wander ing corpse, tossed about by varying currents, or starting up to frighten poor fishermen, until the vmtew'BAVe np their ghastly burden, and wonder Ing landsmen, on some distant coast perchance, buried the unknown, unrecognised human waif of the mysterious sea. Paul Massey's imagination thus pictured the poor corpse through all its possible chances ; whilst its glazed eyes seemed to be always fixed gponi him, end their rebuke. was: 'When you crere in peril* on this same sea, 1 risked life and ?81 its Slightest hopes to save you— you, Paul. Matey!' CHAPTER XII. ? ? HOB1S SHADOWS. -The message of death sped rapidly along; the jsoaet, and sent groups of people down upun the beach, looking wistfully at the sea, and wonder ing .whether the waters would give up the body. In expectation of reward sundry boatmen launched their tiny., vessels, end kept a sharp look-out when the tide came rolling in. ' .' From morning till . night, Anna Lee eat with ewollen eyes, looking out upon the sea. - Mr Monntford. who hod been unwell 'dtirirjs? several 4ays, went to his bed that night, never to leavait.--'- ??????? ??? - ?? . ....... Winford Barns wrinkled his brows, smoked the Wrongest cavendish, 'end drank brandy; in the (cattn 6f the yacht; , Paul llag^ey, pale as a ghost, wandered about negr^at house, -struggling with this horrible secret, and wishing that he were at the bottom of the ocean's deepest depths. It was in vain 'that he made an effort to sootha and comfort Anna I-ee. Ber very presence was a reproach to hna, and his touch was pollution. . 'Anna looted up into his face through' her tears, \- and leMffld upon his shoulder, and pitied her dear Pahl; .He-must not give way ! How. pale be looked! It seemed very hard ; but it was bod's will, and they must bend before it ! Mr. Mountf ord came to the grief-stricken pair, «nd joined his consoling words to those of Auni's. Now*hd then, however, he could not keep back .bitter reflections Id his sorrow, tvliy did not'-Paul leap after his friend and save him? Happiness, *e'6ft'id,had fled from Denby Rise ever since1 Paul ?Massey had entered its portals. But Mr, Mount ford followed up his hasty words with Bin pie apologies. . His sorrow had overcome him . be was not well, and they must forgive him. JMx,rMountford did not k'nowthat his reproaches *rereabme little relief to the- conscience-troubled Paul. Anna's tender words cut him to the quick. If she had cursed him, if her -uncle had denounced Jiiin as e, murderer, he felt that it would be.hap £ta*M compared with his present guilty misery. Once in his frenzy he glared upon his host, and ?bad nearly exclaimed, 'I killed your friend, sir; I, Paul ^fassey, am a murderer.' But the soft ♦eftrfQl.eya.iQf Anna .Lee would not let him ; and Dorn&g; bis pale fees in hia hands, he craved to \- The spring eunshlne went. peering about tho place, tmnj? to penetrate the gloom which the .drawn blinds made in thegabled house. It flashed .across the bay, and brooded upon the heaving waters, ias if to question them. But the aea ebbed ?and flowed, was white and green, toyed with the «heHs, ttpped the fishing-boats, played with the weeds, wist in and Out the caverns, as it had done a thoanitid times before: it put on no mourning lor Harry Thbrnhill. -The Atnamers went up and .ddwOitae channel; white sails glimmered in the ?fuhehine; the seagulls dipped their breasts in the -Watel^; the clouds ' made shadows on the great .minor, and the waves made music with the peb .Mesj'jtutasthejr had done the previous day. Anna Lee might imagine the music an oceanic requiem, ?ana picture the waves rocking Harry Thorhhill in Jevirlasting repose ; , but' there was no change iu the -sea— the unchangeable, aaimpressible, mysterious ?ocftan.big with mighty secrets, -rich with the spoils of centuries, treacherous as hell, smiling ?S it kUls/singing whilst its victims cry in vain ;f or h»lp, playing -with ehella on a sandy beach, and . emqthoraR strong men end helpless women in its cola bosom, To iPaul Massey the waves seemed 'tobeutteririg'a continual taunt; but what cared the ocean for Harry Thornhill, when its coral oaves and .weed-bedecked halls contained millions of pate guests as deeply mourned as he P !' Stray pounds of the Helswick passing bell 'iraattertd to Denby Kise, in the track of -the' ebitnes which went in at the windows on a certain insjB*r»bl6 Sunday; and Mark Jifouctf ord put nis land on nis heart and Jelt eatisfied that ere long; tho rope would be pulled again. Oh, it was a sad, jSadday/drDaabyEiss! And the news of Harry's .death casj a gloom over Maryport too. ' ?? .-. Beckford Square pulled down its blinds, its ;many-li4efl blinds, its brown and 'grey and white, 'andjjrtei and yellow blinds. Thebell of the old phuMh elosft by sobbed all day long, and flags .drooped halfmaet high from: the shipping -t^at BAfnAjpTex tho tpusstong ju4 looked -into tht Sfluare.' Francis Grey felt the pangs of -Wb first great grief. ..-?..' It has been eaia, and supported by much evidence, that, ' the first symptom of approaching death, with some, is the strong presentiment that they are about to die.' It is recorded of Fletcher that be ordered hi« tomb to be prepared, and that the grave was not dug a day too early, llozart composed his Requiem under the belief, which composing the death chant.' The morning before he died,' Wolsey asked Cavendish the hour, and wnen the reply, 'Past eight,' was gives, he said, 'Eight of the clock! that cannot be— eight of the clock, nay. nay, it eannot be, for by eight of the clock youehalllose your .master.' The prediction was correct so- far as. the hour was concerned : Wolsey died at eight o'clock the next morning. JohnHunter. who foretold his own death explained the mvBterv : ' We sometimes feel within our selves that we shall not live ; for the Jiving powers : become weak, and the nerves communicate the intelligence to the brain.9 It was something in the spirit pf these men of* the past that Mr. Mountford felt called upon to make known to his household that his days were drawing to a close. Borrow having once entered the house, was in no harry to leave it. Her shadow was upon Denby Rise, and the spring sunshine could not drive It away* The blinds were drawn im amin: Rut- nnMiln* would dinmiEB the sombre visitor who sat upon the dearth and iilled the houEe with gloom. Mark Mountf ord, with his bead lying back upon th,e pillows, and his eyes fixed upon Anna Lee, re minded ber of his conversations, long ago, in which h» had foreshadowed the day when he would have passed away. He spoke cheerfully of the approach of the time that was coming, and' said he should die happily, because he would leave her with a protector. That protector was not to be Harry Thornhill, but Paul Maesey. llfu-rv's removal was a last Punishment for his own attempted interference with the decrees of God. He accepted it, with all humility, and was content to leave Anna with one who loved her with equal fondness. But before the day, which was not far distant, came, he would wish the marriage to be solemnized. To Paul Massey the old man spoke in a similar strain, and Paul bowed his head, as though he stood before the Judge who would weigh him in tha balance. If tha devotion of a lifetime to Anna Lee, if prayer and penancs, if years of penance, could -wash away bis erlme, Paul felt that he could wipe it out. Though he had roused the elumber ing^ion in Harry's nature, Harry was the aggressor in the struggle on board yacht. Oh, that he bore the blow calmly I He had deserved a hundred blows. To doubt Anna, and to embitter the last parting of Harry, with jealeus taunts, were worthy of the severest chastisement. - But to feel that the brand of Cain was upon him, was to suffer a burn ing sense of misery apd sbame aod degradation that almost weighed him down. He feared to re main with Mr. Moontford alone. It eeemed as if an unseen eye was upon him, and the nearer the invalid drew toward! the solution of that great mystery of the future whieh we shall all one day understand, the closer did Paul feel himself to tbe accusing gozsof the unseen witness. Days, miserable days, passed away, and Mr. 'Mountford grew weaker. One evening, after inter views with Paul and his niece, preparations were made for tbe marriage ceremony. He could not die happily without leaving Anna Lie n sworn protector. It might be wrong for him to seem to interfere again with the decrees of Providence, but he could not help feeling that he should only be fulfilling his duty, and fit tbe same time he should be en joying a last great pleasure in witnessing a union that now appeared to be fraught with happiness to his dear Anna. To give her away to the man whom flbe bad chosen, eeemed to be all that remained for him to accomplish. Paul Massey had heard all this, and bad per mitted the arrangements for the marriage to go on, but with a secret fear that they never could be carried out. It would be impossible, he thought, for him to allow such a diabolical business to proceed. Marry Anna Lee to a murderer I Better exposure, better death ! He would tell all and give.himseif up to justice, or bury himself beneath the waters that had swallowed up his friend. 