THE USES AND ABUSES OF HOLI- DAYS. (By a Holiday Rambler.) When Bob Cratchit meekly insinuated that he would expect to have a holiday on Christmas Day his hardhearted employer suggested stopping a day's pay for the undone day's work; but even iu his unconverted state, before he had been visited by Marley's ghost and shown the evil of his ways, Ebenezer Scrooge did not carry out that threat. Custom was too strong even for him. The few public holidays gazetted are an absolute gift to the class of employes such as clerks, shopmen, and domestic servants. But when -some one complimented an Adelaide employer of skilled labour the other day on his liberality in giving so many holidays in the Christmas week he disclaimed the liberality, for all his employes took the holidays at their own expense. They ]ose their wages, they spend their money, and are generally considerably poorer at the ead of the week. Not only do they lose the four days' wages, on which their employer calculates, but as a rule there is only half the average amount of wages paid during the fortnight after Christmas Eve; for many—not unfrequently the best- paid and most skilful hands—are not satisfied with the four days' respite, but continue to take their pleasure in a costly fashion till an empty purse and an aching head drive them back to the workshop to Cll the one and to compose the other. I do not say that this is universal, far from it; but it is so general as to cause great uncertainty as to the performance of work at Christmas time. No one can promise to fulfil an order by a given date when so many of his best hands are what they call holiday-making for an indefinite period ; and it is precisely the workmen of the greatest skill who can do this with impunity, for their services are so valuable that their masters must have them when they choose to return to their work. A slower or less competent artisan would be told to go if he took such liberties. Are the abuses of holidays then so great that the holidays are undesirable ? And is the grouping of two or th ree together so as to allow employes to travel at excursion fares and have a little country air, or to enable friends and relatives to have a pleasant meeting, so demoralizing to the vicious and the weak that we bad better re- establish the old regime of long hours and no holiday except the rigidly kept Sunday when travelling was tabooed as sinful? I have heard really benevolent people say that it is their sorrowful conviction that for the present generation of unskilled labourers the best conditions would be to be well fed, well housed, and sufficiently clothed, but also to be kept close to work, for they have no idea of how to employ leisure well, and the more they have the more vice and mischief they will get into. After a generation has passed under more favourable physical conditions, and the rising generation meanwhile has been more generally and more wisely educated, there would be safety in granting more leisure every day and idle days of complete leisure for all. Every improvement in our social organization, however, must be made before the class for whom it is mainly designed has been educated to make the best use of it, and in spite of some blunders the possession of the leisure is the only possible means of learning how to employ it. As it is the privilege of humanity at its best to raise "low propensities and appetites to noble passions and uuselfisa affections, as the natural self-regarding faculties give a spur to enterprise aHd ingenuity, and in order that each man may live he muiS do something for society and labour to produce something which his fellows will be benefice 1 by, in which he not seldom loses sight ol Ins own personal advantage; as tribal partial!ry rises to enlightened patriotism, and superstitioa to reverential awe of the Higher Powers—so is it the melancholy fact that man at his lowest can turn all things that are for his happiness and progress to be stumblingblocks in his path. And from olden times it has been said iliat the Englishman takes his pleasure sadly; that .his solid character has not the lightness, the careless grace of the Frenchman, and that he is so afraid of being ridiculous that lie goes through a quadrille with the solemnity of a mute at a funeral, and can only be tempted to a picnic or pleasure-party by the excellence of the viands : and the abundance of the wines. But a nation which has the best school of humour in the world—that sort of fun which is most kindly and least acid—the nation which from Chaucer downwards has been richest in its contributions to descriptive poetry, to pleasant satire, and to good-humoured "extravagance, cannot be deficient in the capacity for social enjoyment. The little crust of reserve which is our national characteristic is removed in oue of two ways: by being in congenial society, where we feel that we will not be misunderstood; bj- a moderate amount of alcoholic stimulant. And if people were contented with this moderate amount, in which there is an appreciable advantage, there would fee no harm done; but example and custom often lead even educated men to cross the barrier. As the physician said," There is no harm in a certain quantity of wine or spirits : it is the uncertain quantity that docs the mischief." And as we cannot.get the world to change its customs all at once :it would be well if the ordinary beverage in use should give the maximum of pleasant needed stimulaut with the minimum of insidious poison. A winegrowing country is said to be always comparatively a temperate country, partly because the wines are pure, partly because they are cheap, and therefore it is not the height of generosity and hospitality to bestow them on your hie tit Is or a sign of easy circumstances to use thi ui freely yourself. But there are other circumstances connected with wine-growing countries which promote temperance. The first is the climate, which allows of pleasures being takt-n en famUl in the open air to an extent which is quite unknown in England; the second is that no wine- growing coanny in Jfurope has hr.d a rigidly obseived Sunday. Whatever may be said against the Continental Sunday, it is the : opinion of many travellers that the weekly: leluru of a day only half devoted to religious i worship and the other half given to recreetiaas; theap and common has made Continent ill peoples mere orderly, more temperate, ani' more civil aud obliging in secni.-r. holidays than any English-spesJung com-? munity. 1 myself have been in a dense crowd! in Paris on the occasion of the Emperor's: fete day. No carriages are allowed in the} streets. It poured of rair., the roads were wotj and muddy, and yet all Paris seemed to be out! of doors; but the immense good- humour that! prevailed, the absence of jostling and pushing,! the cheerful philosophy which walked about) under umbrellas or without such shelter, made our Australian party wonder ar,d admire. And! the habitual Sunday afternoon spent in publid out of doois leads to organization with regard to! vehicles, to entrances and exits to public places,! much more thorough and satisfactory at all! times than in London. OB December 28 last) there was as usual a great rush to Glenelg. Aj respectable young woman was coming up from GleLelg to see her sister, who was ill in Norwood. When she got to the station in Adelaide, there was such a rush in from both doors that she, not being very strong could not get out, and was taken down to Glenelg. She returned to town. Again she attempted to get out, and again she was cempressed between the two strong bodies of pleasure-seekers and forced to remain in the carriage. The guard by main force got her out at Soutli-terrace a minute too late, for he had to catch her up again to save her being injured between the carriage and the rail; and she kept on the look-out till she reached Goodwood, where she alighted and walked to town, and got with, out much further trouble into a tramcar. In Paris long ere there had been a public holiday the Sunday crushes would have taught the proprietors to label each] of the large carriages, at one end "This way out" and at the other "This way in," and any transgressor would have been summarily dealt with. Even here tbe difficulty on summer Sundays for wemen and children to get out of the Glenelg carriages ought to have led to such a step long ago. Sydney Smith said that until a Bishop had been burnt alive in the locked-up carriages it was impossible to hope for any improvement in the system, and here it appears to be necessary that some one should be killed to induce the proprietors to take so simple a step for the public comfort aud safety as this would be. But for this unseemly crush, which could be so easily obviated, there is great pleasure iu travelling on the Glenelir or Port or Northern lite at holiday timr ^i! =eeirtg the family prrties— sometimes zlacv gec^iatioos—with their baskets bent on a day's pleasure at the seaside or in the country. On such occasions all private vehicles are at such high prices that middle-class people cannot afford them, and the greater facilities can be given by public conveyances the better. Goodbumour stands a good deal of crowding, and, it is a break in the monotony of life to travel with so many people and to guess at their dispositions, their avocations, and their circumstances from their looks or a few .chance words. An observant man, especially if to observation he adds sympathy, will pick up as much from an omnibus journey with two old women, or a pair of lovers, or a family party, as another devoid of these qualities will gather from the tour of Europe. Domestic servants think much of their holidays and stand out for them, and families are often inconvenienced at times when they would like to receive their friends by having to do without their usual help. Evidently an enormous amount of money is spent by employes during the Christmas aud Easter hulicajs on excursions, picnic*, and other festivities. Associations for any purpose are fond of getting up demonstrations when there is a leisure day for all the members, and there can be no doubt that these things strengthen the body. The satire and ridicule which educated people throw from the height of their cultivation on Bands of Hope, Good Templars, teetotallers, and others are somewhat misplaced. Seme sort of excitement is what human nature craves, and if by music and games and speechmaking that excitement can be given to counter' act the more dangerous attractions of the public-house—if the union of the members can be made BO close as to remove the crust of reserve, so that on some subjects they can talk to each other with the warmth and earnestness and sincerity which are the very salt of life—we must not scorn them because their views are narrow and their expressions intolerant. A certain amount of narrowness is essential to immediate practical success. Tour man with large views who weighs the pros and cons of everything well before he begins to act often remains inactive, while after all the one end and aim of our living is to be doing something. Every honest effort, even if it chances to do some harm, will do a greater amount of good. Though much remains to he done, though many blunders have been made, no man can look back ten, twenty, or thirty years without acknowledging that our social condition is advancing, and likely to advance still further if to the amount of leisure which has been so bardly won by the working classes is added the intelligence aud the moderation which will make it the boon it should he. 