ITEMS OF GE~NERAT NEWS. The half-year!y ;change. in,the date of tihe departure of the P. and O. mail steiamers commonees this month. They will for the next six months sail on Thursdays iristCed of Saturdays. Under this onragement the Tanjora will be despatched iith mails for Southl Australia, Western Ais Australio, Point do Glle, India, China, and the et, Aden, Mnauritius, Rhunion. the Mediterranean Parts, the Continent of Europe, the United King dom vir Southampton and vio Brindisi, and British colonies 'and foreign countries vi, the United tJingdom, on Thursdaynoext. The times appointed for closinog are :--For money orders and registered letters, at 6 p m. on Wednesday. For ordinary letters it toutLampton and vib Brindisi, at 10 am. on lslursday. For newspapers vi& Southampton, at' 9 'n.m. on Thilrsday, and for newspapers vil Brindisi, at 10 a.m. on Thursday.. Acommittee of thle House of Coammonslhas decided that the office of Attornov-Goeneral of Victoria is a place of profit under the Crown, and that Sir Bryan O'Loghlon by accepting it has vacated his seat for Clare. That the non-residence clause in the new Land Act is not popular seems to be indicated by tihe fact that out of S0 applications for land recently dealt with by the localland board for the Melbourne district only four were for licenses without the residence condition. Tse Hen. W. M. K. Vale has boeen admitted as a barrister of the Supreme Court of Victoria. The annual exhibition of the Victorian Academy of Arts will be opened to the public to-day. Owing to failing health, tile Rev. James Beattie, pastor of Chalmers Church, Melbourne, has iontimated his intention of resigning as soon as the conSregatnion can arrange for a successor. The congregation of the Independent Church, Collins-street, Melbourno, have given a hearty and unanimous invitation to the Rev. L. Bevan, LLB.. of New York, to succeed the Rev. Th.mas Jones if the latter gentleman should decide to leave tIhe colony at the end of 12 months. James Page, formerly secretary of the South lMelbourne Building Society, was placed on trial last week on a charge of embezzling £569 from that society. The jury were unable to agree, and after being looked up for six hours were discharged. Page was admitted to bail on the same charge until the next General Sessions. Goed progress is being made with the new exhribition buildings in Carlton-gardens, and from aresent appearances it is augured that they will be romp\leed many weeks within the contract time. There is to he held in the Melbourno Town-hall, an Esoter Tuesday afternoon, a chlildren's service, in eonnexion with the Church of England Sunday _chool Institute. The Bishop of Melbournes will preoch a sermon, and the Rev. G. W. Torrance, Mf.A., will preside at the organ. A letter fromn Mr Childers received in Melbourne by thIe last English mail, announces his approdach tog marriage with Mrs Gilbert Elliotr, widow of the tate Colonel Flliott, and daughter of the late Bishop of Chichester. SThe number of visitors to the National Museum of Natural History and Geology for the week ending 5th April was 1,523; for the month ofMarch, 71,205. A rich reef has been struck in the Crooked Sap ling claim, Adelong, N.S.W., which is. expected to yield 80oz. to 100oz. to the ton.. An assay of 1l.7cwt. of stone from a reef betweon the Myall and Manning rivers, N.S.W.,: yielded 14oz. ofgold. A telegraphio mistake which occasioned much pain and annioyance to some o" the persons con cerned was lately made in the transmission of a message from Kyneton to Melbo are.' A message was sent stating that Mr. B, Winter Kelleher, barrister, was " kept to-day, down to-morrow," but the message as. delivered read, "killed, body down to-morrow." The news soon spread, and ?aturally occasioned deep pain to Mr. Kelleher's friends. On their telegraphing to Kyneton. for further particu lars the welcome intelligence was received that Mr. -elleher was alive and well. There is a block at present in the goods depart ment at the Oakleigh railway station. The colleo lion of grain, produce, wood, &c.;, lying there arwaiting transmission to Melbourne would afford employment for tihe rolling stock for some time to come, and fresh consignments are daily. arriving. Mr. Woods, the Minister of Railways, intends, how ever, to make a special effort to bring on the goods, and with that view has ordered 40 additional trucks to be placed on theo.Gippsland line. The following memorial has been sent by the Psresbytery of Melbourne to the Acting Chief Secre tary :-" TheM homorial of the Presbytery of Mel bourne humbly showeth:--That your memorialists have learned with deep regret and pain that a large body of workmen were employed during the whole of Sabbath, 80th ult., at the Melbourne terminus of the Gippeland Railway, by order of the hen. the Commissioner of Railways, and that the hen. the Minister of Railways and officers of his staff were engaged during the same Sabbath in an inspection of the said line. That your memorialists hereby express their solemn,'unanimous, and emphatic pro test against the proceedings above referred to as a flagrant violation of the law of God, as a breach of the civil law, as an outrage on the most sacred feel ings of the community, and as an unwarrantable encroachment of the indisputable right of the work ing classes to the rest of the Lord's Day." The Marchioness of Normanby will hold herilrst reception at the Government-house next Saturday alternoon, b?ctween the hours of half-past 8 and 5 o'clock. At a meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday the acancis in the Harbour Trust were filled up. Meers. Lorimer and Couche, the retiring represen teatires of the Government, wereio.not re-nominated ; Cptain Perry, of WVilliambtown , and Mr Andrew, f.L.A., were appoeintedintheirplace. MrNimmo, 1.L.L., who was recently nominated in place of Mr Orkney resigned, retaiiis the office. A telegram has been~serit to:Mr Berry by his eolleaguee authorising' him to '.ay the. London sharelholders of the oHdbson'se BEy. Railway out of the loan funds now on hand in London. Intending competitors for designs for the new bridge over the Yarra in line of Swanston-street can obtain printed conditions, lithograph plans, and section.oftlie site of the:proposed bridge at the Publie Works office on and after the 10th instant. Tho time for receiving designs heas been extended to the 17th June next. It lhas been definitely settled that the fire brigades' demonstration next month shall take plae at Beehworth, as originally resolved at the meeting of delegates. . The Postmaster-General, recognising the incon venience :caeused to the mercantile community throu'ghl there being no direct telegraphio commun ication between Sondridge railway station and the city, has catised a. telegraph office to be opened at that stetinon.. 'Itrs Latrobe,.widow of Sir Clharles Latrobe, the first Governor of Victoria, hons had, at her own expense, a Protestant Chapel crected'ht Neuchatel mn memory of her late hIusband The building is called the Hermaitage 'Chapel,' and is intended for the use of a large and poor population of working watchmakers;..IA bronze plate fixed.in the choir bears the following inscription:--To the glory of Almighty God 'Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and to the well-beloved' memory of Charles .Joseph La Trobe, 'mand of his daughter Isabella Castelane helena La Trobe, this chapel was erected in the .year of grace 1878." "The Lord God giveth them light."-Rev. xxii. 5. mrs La Trobe has placed the hapel in charge of the' Independent .hurch of Neuchatoel. There is an infant and Sundayo-schlool attachled to the chapel . ' At the meeting of thle Melbourno Hospital Com mitteoe on Tuesday. replies from several members of the medical profession to a circular asking their opinion as to the desirableness of admitting paying patients into that institution, were laid on the tablo. Out of 49 i'replics received. 88 were adverse to and s were in favour of the admission of paying patients. ' Is Yo WANT A CosTUME at a reasonablo prices without tio " worry" of Dressmakers, call at DnwoIN GE?Ac's 149 anil 151 Bourke-3treet (op \- osit Estern Arcade), and inspect his STOCK, Where yno can be suited from 12s 9d to 84s; also 0e0 of the largest tand clsetpeat stocks of Ladies' d ahldr'n 6 Jackett and Ulsters inthe City--a r.«oy' frst-class Ulster at 10s. 9d. 9d. 