Ruining a Monsy-4lendor. Or, ISAacs, as ho was familiarly snlled by Ilos elientwoaos a well.krown Israelito money-lender in: Portsmouth. Isasces was not his real name; but, lthis being an era of libel suits, it will he as well t, conceal hia personality. Ho wos/ pecilisely the patron of young naval onli~ers, whole frequently anticipated their pay throughl his disin terested services, paying fdr rb/h aceommo dotion a most ruinous rote of interest. • On the occasion of a polular race wlocther of men, or horses, or douahi,8, I loire forgotteio which--a certain officer, who, according to'tho Frenehl custom, may be styled X , has recicled the tip as to who the winnici' would in all prohaability be, andl, of course, was naturarlly anxloous to risk a few poatnads oils the result, nmore pasrticulaorly as tOie Ietting was all ngainst lois favourito snal he could get almost aiiy odals. On the very day folloawing tchr rlla o he wwoo.o rceivro ela poy; hit, meonawhile.lhow to raise the necersa-*r funds wao thc dilli:ulty. Ii Ilis iperplexity lie datermiined to apply to Old Isacis, to aniom lia was well known. On manking the sapplication, the usurer, as wcas causteorrary witl hlita, pleaded great ploverty--all l'is money aras out, and lie did riot kinoaw svIlaro he'aouald obltain th'o ten pouando scked for, unless he paial i.vary exllorlbitasnt price, ton ttie aicommodation. It was flnally arranged, however, that the officer was to receive eight pounds on con ditlin of paying ten ponnds on Ohs follow ing day;and nssce pretended to go out for tlin lurpese of procuring the money. This wso his invariable custom, though It was well known shut hehdid'not leave the house on such occasions. XIeturning, after a while, with the neoded funds:--, " And what seenrity shall I hae dat you will nay me hack P" said he.. "Oh, I'll gire you my I.O.U.," said the offier. "No datis not enouglh; you leaf me dat watch.'a " T won't do any such thing; I want to use the watch," "Fell, den, loaf me your ovorcoat; it is nice afternoon ; you fill not want it" The overcoat, a valhablo one, was accord ingly handed to the Jew. who,husg it care. fully on a nail in the hall ; then, counting out eight pounds, said, "Dero is eight pounto a you lif me ton back to-morrow at twelf o'closk." "All right, old man," replied X, ; "and now, that business being settled, lot's go out and take a drink." Proceeding to the hotel bar,. Isnes was soon oncagaed in on animated conversation with some-customers, when the officer, slip ping out unobserved, returned to the house, rang the bell, and said in a ?o?elaiant manner' to the servant-girl who opened the door, "I left my overcont hanging in the hall when I woa hire a few minutes ego; let we have it, it you please." It was unsuspectiogly given him, quickly donned, and the door closed. Next day, according to appointment. he met the Jew at the hotel, "whose first exclamation was, " My Gott, Mr. X., fere did you get dat goat P" "Never mind where I got it. Thera' is your eight pournds."" "Eiglht pounts l But you shall bay me teor. I shall le ruinled ii I am not paid for to use of my monish." "Well, there's eight, and eiglht is all I slhos give yoz. "rIf you are not satiofied with that, I'd advise you to ,ell the security a" and the old man took the money, muttering, as he walked away, "Dese ofilcers are to piggest -- scoundrels dat efer lifcd," Isascs was not entirely a hard:hearted man, as usurers arc prone to be. There was a soft side. to his nature, which.was evidenced at the'time of the battle of edarn. A groun of officers were discussing that tragic affir, laying particular stress on the terrible destruction wrought by modern war applinnoes. Turning to Isones, who had bhnei listening to the conversation, one ransacked, "Isn't war a dreadful thing, Mlr. isases?" The ghost ofa tearglistened in the old man's eye as he replied "Oh, tredtful, tredtfull lhooat fancy de clothes all spoilt l"-J. MAoE. 