? A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. (CHAPTER XXX —Continued.) MRS. E. D. E. N. SGUTHWOETH, Author of"The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," V Self-Made," &c., &c.: "That is a veiy great disappointment to me my l ora ' A year is^ajlong time to .wait:!" i replied the young man,> with a crestfallen loot. "You may gust possibly snot have to wait; Eo iong, my dear boy! I said at the begin- ning that thiB-marriage could not -be solemnised for some timeyet, except incase of a o«rtim event.' That event may come to iasten your mamage, and ' justifying the; fiaste by making it -absolutely necessary,"; said tlie earl. ; • '- ""-• •••••••:• • :-•• "Ahl and that possible event, my lord 1 ulat is it?" -exclaimed the young man,: eagerly seizing on the chance. "My ieuth?' gravely-replied ihe-earlv:; Brandon Coyle started slightly and llion bowed with deep .solemnity and waited silently for the rext words of the earV'who; resumed (he subject in a more cheerful tone. "I have reached an age -seldom attained by man, being-now-nearly-eighty-sixyeors old. Since the Joss -of- my countess I hare found the infirmities of my fourscore: and five years pressing very heavily upon me. X cannot cxpeot and do not desire to live here longer.. My sole remaining tie to (ibis life is my young granddaughter. 1 should not like to go and leave her unprotected- if; there-Iore,'I should feel-the: approach of tho obange al any time between this and the end of the year of mourning,-! should have the marriage ceremony performed betweenyourself and mv child. In order to seenre ber legal protection and domestic happiness at llie same time.' Yes,-if there 'were opportunity I should have the eervwe performed even at my bedside, rather than .go and leave, my girl without that best protection-she could have," added the old «arl, earnestly. Again Brandon - Coyle: bowed • withv the deepest solemnity,-paying, -with well -imitated " Heaven Jorbid, my dear lord,- that our marriage, should be advanced by lany such calamity 1" " Thank you;-my boy; but where -would ije the calamity.'- -The death-of-tbe old man, tall of years and infimities; is but'the-birth of the nerf,.jn»n-into new.li!e .6Ed .:yont]i,and strength. Ah 1 you are young, with tbe warm earth-hfe stretching far out before you, and need not to think of these things that are such a,comlort>to us who are so near tho end of our pilgrimage. But to return. Should I £cd death- drawings-ear. ."I' -Sball: have you and, Anelle ; married -before I depart ; but should 3eath.<iome,.too-suddenly; npon me, .as it does ,;npon tlie b ged some-: times,-why,:then you .will find among.my papers a letter.which I shall prepare to-day,, . addressed to yourself and,my granddaughter,: expreBBiva . of my. wish .lhat your : inamage tate place. immediately, .even before my mortal remains sholl be consigned to ihe Jamily vault, bo that jny -dear child ehall not laok your-lawfulprotection for a day." '-'ObjmydearJord/^I1iope,,I.truBt, Z.pray,-that no such dire^epeesity may- ever.irrive.' Much as I. long to possess: my jirlelle, .! should, with all,my bouIj,deprecate euch an irremi-diable misfortune as your loss would be to uB. - l would rather iwait one year—: icn years—yes, .any-Jmmber. of .yeare, than advance .our < roamage: b$ the coBt: of such a sorrow/' earneBtiy-eiclainied the "I believe you, my boy! I quite believe you 1 But do mot be alarmed.t' i 3>,am -only •telling .you what;I shonldllktj ?tohav«:y o u • and Anelle ;do incase of-my death-jbut X really think I shall hold out Jprayear longer, and be able to see you and my granddaughter inarried atitheend'ofit,-amid festivities and rejoicings that .thall be remembered iere -for many years," Eaid-the old ear), cheerfully. " I quite hope and believe the same," said Brandon Coyle, with'everyshow ofsmcentj'i as he arose to tate leave - y - * But the-carl wftnidonnoaceountletliim t '' Tou must Etay anddine -with me to- day.' 1 know you have no rnresBing eDE-agements elseithere," he said ' " s o , ^ "Ho, none, certainly,cmylord7!4nwered the young man, resuming lus seat and suhmittrag to his fate ifith tie Tiest grace Brandon Ooyleipent, perhapsj the dullest day that Tie ever passed m Jns life, ana as soon after dinner as decency would permit, he ordered his dog- cart, andtbokleave cf his lost ' ' fad fcithin this year is' p&t'toji cer aunty that Y&ldimir Desjfarde E Twll liave discovered the truth in regard to that old tragedy, and returned beta to cojJound all -my plans "What would any mere betrothal amount to before such revelations as la would make? r'-'TJottung, I thoHlftje too-the utmost "conW.jt.lv, and Armllr Jfonld many Beapardej -far-it J 'is-eyiaeiit ttat she ioTes noi-jne , " If we were jnamed then 1 shopld be secure and. I couM defy them aB,'for.1tbey must refrain.from injuring the husband bf 1 Lady Arj.elle. ''Bui; the old man says that we cannot be married within a year, unless a certain event should-occurwhicli iiwould'^ustify a private- -:<MSffioByhrrand^<&a^ death : " If he.should be in imminent danger of death, or if he; should; die suddenly, then;, weare tobe immediately and quietly united; so that lady ^ielle^ay n:otb'e'lteft imthont : alegal protector "Sum- m-m > Wly doesn^t the x>ld imbe- 1 eile die ? He has lived too long already' Why shouldn't he 'die', soon and*Suddenly?" And heie -the daikfaee of"the "man -grew darter, under the 'shadow of the fiend - that breathed-intohis spirit- the temptation 46; ana-ffful -crime CHAPTEROT Jit iraraiSo auasr^ "^SgpTSffi jtodAe,TraHilghti)jid%usyfooti®ar, f U^iat ever^niilde&^est. —Aioi .; " The Bird's Nest ?,' That was the name ofthetmy,®retty!oottagewhere,JittIemammam and her-.babieB found A refuge. It was situated in Church lane—a long green, iheavily shaded, deBply-Jsoclnded: lane; that lay bBtween^ the,?thicklyrWooded reotory groundsi.on the left side .and the -tangled forest on the right , A. bigh green hedge on eaoh -side of the lane . inclosed it, «Bd tall trees,-with their top branches meeting overhead, threw it into •deep shade even at noonday. This thoroughfare was so unfrequented that the, firound wau -covered.mth fgiasB -and" gemmed with field .flowers, almost obliterat-, mg the marrow footpath-, that lan jilong the; middle of the way. "The NestjVtaB.lhe cottage was callod-lor brevity, -stood about half-way-down the lane;' m a little clearing of the forest, directly op--poBite -the baclc hedge-of the rectory.grounds. . It belonged to the estate of the bachelor squire, Honey thorn, who was an absentee on the Continent. It had once been the residence of his gamekeeper, bat it-had been untenanted for many years^-m -fact, over £inee the new park lodge had been buUt in a.more convenient quarter of the, estate for.the preservation of the game. . -. Often, in hersolilaty walks, Net had passed along this way, -and;paused at the mastic- gate in the hedge that separated the cottage gar- the lane, and-leaning over its low bars, had gazed-at the sequestered and deserted eot -with a sort :of prophetic, interest. She never dreamed .that it would be her. own home; but she • thought it would: form a peaceful and pleasant dwelling-place for some .humbtfl family -who ought to be in it, ana; therefore it was a pity.it: shouid be "-empty,-'ike a form of h'e waiting for life. The pretty cot was indeed an object to attract the attention of any olian.ee -passenger. of: that lonely lane. •: - -; It ^tood mthin a-littlej- thicHy-shrubbed garden inclosed-in a iigh green . hedge, andsurrounded onthree sides-by the:-forest, -and bounded m front by the lane. • It was a email, substantial-stone building; of- one stoiy:.aiid','aihalf>Tfith .a'steep'Toofj-: haraig two wide dormer windows m front, and. two high -chimneys in .the=;gable Kinds.-. 5)he lower«dge'of-the -roof projected far ov-er: the front; -formmg-the shed-of-the-porch-tliat extended- the whole -breadth :of the house.' There was -a broad, low door in the middle, •with, oneloroadj low,-latticecL-.-wmdow on eaoheide: -" ; -l3ie «wliole^.huildiiig'»-wa8^^ .completely covered mth-^vyfHvlnch- iad:.crept--'up^BVBiy.'-.wall, around every. door 'and-Tvmdow frame, , over, -the steep, roof. • and .around - the taJl.' chimney. unti the cottage looked-vlike an: edifiee'of-evergreen.^-LAround, the ;posts ihat^, supported' the roof of the porch also tho climbing roses, the honeysuckles, the clematis and -laburnum- had '-grown-' sp •,-; thickly ;and lirsurian.tLythatthey.madeagreenrwa]lbefore the seats on the poroh. • - • v-. t - . • ..-The front •door,:-.standmg,.-as-;'wesa3d,'be--tween -the two low, latticed-front windows, opened -...into. narrow, -passage.- running • tlrrough'the -JhouBe to -a -back-door- leading to, the poultry.yard and cowrshed.. •: , -,--- • ' On the right iiand'was a small'door lead-; ing into -the cottage parlour, behind which was the fctohen, from which a little -narrow staircase asoendBS to the rooms m the roof above On the left hand of the passage vpas another door leading into a large apartment running from the front to the back of . the house,:.and filling as much space as both the kitchen and the "parlour together on^the opposite side of the passage i - lsfet had- determined. to lake thiB house, not only because Ebe had always !ancied it, but because it was m such cloae proximity to the old.rectory grounds, -the .home and hauntofher cbildhood-and-youth. Iij :-was ,:a ifine J ;day -:m .'October, : wlien> having obtained- .-the - key - from Squire Honey thorn's bailiff, she went, with all her followitig—that, is; with tlo "two' ohildreni; and'Kit «iid-5?eter to -lnspectthe-anr. tenor of the bouse. As she unlocked the gate leading: into the old, neglected garden, -.where;- flowers and wjeede were growing together in all the rank'luxuriance of untrained f nature,-. ,thfe: children-wire wild-with delight, as children; are at everytprospect iof-ohange, even-froni:; a-handeome house to a humble one Kit was silent and moody, as she had lately J been, and Peter -was talkative, critical, and . suggestive, as became one -who expected to-i be promoted to the post of major-domo in; the newliousehold about to be formed, s-s Tell yo wot, Mistress Net, mutn,1;here. be wurruk for m? in "this hers garden. Oi wud no wunder it took me a. month to root ; oot all they weedE, ,and -twentjr 'barrow loads on 'em to taA -wud mak a bonfoire moight be sen from Montjoie itsen!" lie-said, lookmg-at ihe tangle, wlure-eVen the phrple »hefi.tlier and the golden gorse; strove with thistle^nd dock to crowd but the roses the jpaiigolds, and the dahlias. " Tee, you'll iave work, Peter," assented the little mistress, with a smile. "Oi'm -thinking Oi'E begm'at wunat wi' rooting •on 'em oot, Mistress Net," mum," le »da«a. " Ho,T?eler,aot yet," said Bet, -her weak,; a lender heart feeling'bodib jiity even for the; olatn go&e and its humble compamrnt that l they should all -be stigmatised as -weeds land f condemned"to4e cntaowniE their bloom. Whoynot yet; Mistress Net,-mum,^fore; l their seeds impen'?" tod the "praotioal j;L_l_.tbey look «o lull til life now I Jiate io have them lilled, eVenil they -are -weeds leave them until ihey'die todflry^jp. Then •yon may cut them down anaiurn "hem ' ' " Aft r ihcv Hi b""in -and j,onn and „r tetfo nil over llie ground to Ulch i-freshTurap o" weeds next fcpnug, mis; tress Bet, mum i Thet'H bBtohe garden ioRl 6 ^Sweveranina. Titer, leave-tjiem'until fcey -irefieaa, 1 ' - ""Wast as-yo jay,'Mistress Net mum 1 Yo feeTnaister here, -Mistreis ^et, jmufai" j "The new dignity little mammamS •Aan-BBiSSiiti'lthbnght it necepsary io confer 'TipOniefBinoeliBliadlieafdloflier ' - — ' mamage, ^e had: While they haa been speaking Net bad been straggling to tun the rusty key in the tusty lock of the front -door, but at had resisted all her efforts, andjiow she gave-way io Petpr, "who took hold with all his might, and after a great effort x>o his part, and a grating shriek on the key's part, he Succeededintomngthelookandopemngthe door The overpowering rush of confined air met them at-onoe .from the Jong closed-honee. " Go back, children—go back at once until we have opened-all the doors and windows. There, go pick up the rosy apples under that tree until 1 call you," said N«t,hastilytnrn-•ingf;ber3ittle«h»rgers away.'fcomcthe: threshold. They ran off, very willing to pick up rosy apples Meanwhile teter bad walked down -the passage and set the baok door wide open for a current of fresh air to pass .Ihiough trie houte, and Kit had opened the right-band door leading into the parlour, and the lattice window-that lighted it. Ton must 1 kindle fires to day n every of the,pREBftge; which -he next proceeded to -open. " Job, Mistress Net, mum; but mayhap asi yor llaarit's too Under and pitiful to let yo molest the swallows' nests wot'* a choking JoopthiBheie-olDimbly—thoughthe- Bwallowsvhave flowe^.away3nonths<agone," said 3?eter, with a little latent -sarcasm in his mind, though •wjthi-.peifectiaespectin-hiB manner;! as he took his "red head in from looking up the chimney. " Not jf the birds have flown, Peter. Iam glad they havo-flown. : r ahould not - like to have diBturbed them in their nests," replied Net, very simply. After inspecting this long loom, which had broad, low, lattice windows at the tront and at the back, ana a fireplace m the gable end, Banked by two beaurets, J^et -went out in the. passage and crossed; -overto the .little front parlour, -which, had; a broad lattice , windo wm the front; -and a-fireplace in the angle of the corner; betw een the side wall and the partition wall dividing it from the back kitchen.. In the s opposite angle; , between i-the- kitohen ,wall and the. passage, wall,, was a -corner cup- -board. .- Halt-way between the cupboard • and tbe fireplace was the door leading into the kitchen -. -Net went into this and found a commodious room, with a fireplace m the angle of the corner adjoining the parlour fireplace —both were, in factj partsiof the same gable- = end chimney. There was also a back door leading into the poultry-yard and cow- shed,, and -there was ' a: broad, -latticed back; window, .and-.-in the angle of the room between the end and the back there was a staircase leading up to the little bedrooms n the roof Net ascended these steep stairs -andfound herself in a narrow passage from, which opened four-little chambers under the Sloping roof, each ol which was lighted: with a dormer window. " Not one of these is large enough for me and my children to sleep in-together," said, Bet, after her inspection was over. ": Then s"he: returned downstairs and soon , decided on a bed-chamber for herself and her^babies—the long room on the left hand side of the passage " Then Mistress Set, mum, yo dun gic me some money to buy lime und a whoite •wash- brush. : Oixmun- whoite wash .-these walls. They be weather-stained a soighfc to see," said Peter, as he stood with his hands in his-pockets, staring,around at ithe streaked and,spattered,plastering.:,. ;.- : :; , "Very well, you may go and attend tothat now," said the. young mistress, as she opened her purse -and gave the boy two, half-orown pieces. And after a • few. more orders, little :matnmam; took::the two children,with -their: aprons Jull of rosy apples, and retnmsd to: the reotory, leaving Kit and Peter to clean and air the cottage. ' It may be remembered that tho greater part of the furniture in tho rectory was tho personal -property -of the late rector, and at tbe auction had been bought in by ifriendsand - neighbours for the UBB ofv his step--daughter and her wards, his own orphan children. This furniture was more-than sufficient to fit up the cottage in the most comfortable manner, leaving a residue of chairs, tables, bedding and kitchen utensils, that Net could not use. And here oame a minor, temptation to the girl- - : These, articles -were, all .familiar from her childhood, and dear to ber heart, as having been used by her beloved-mother and step father, and she was tempted to store them all away in one of the little attic rooms of the cottage, .where ihey ,might, be: closely packed; but when ..she;,thought of the poor, bare huts of the labouring class around her, she could not let these things moulder away r uselessly. "If they/do seem so sacred to me, they should all the sooner be consecrated to good uses. I must give all this furniture to the people who need it most," she eaiS to herself. -This resolution suggested another—Jo tmpack the boxeB where the late rector's clothing had been laid away m camphor, and todiBtnbute theflannelsand.warm sooksto the aged-poor men of the "village, and to give his suit of black broadcloth to the sexton; whose Sunday clothes haa long been very shabby, and now showed signs of breaking out at elbows land knees. Net made all these distributions with a cheerfulheart,andreceivedlier.,reward.m the happiness she created. This exhausted her surplus storfi of goods. She had no more to-give Her mother's and her step-jnotjiei's 'Etockofclothingbadlongieenused-upiby tTieeconGmicaliKetjWho-had-made.them ov-er for the -children or hereelf, and thus: spared her step-father's scanty puree Injuat t^ro weeks from the day on whiehit was first opened, the cottage .in the lane had "hfien thoroughly ventilated, cleaned, ifiiihiBhediand-decorftted-for ithereception of the new little family. t It was on the -afternoon of the thirtyfirst of October that Net, laving een -every fire in theieetory put out, #nd ev«iy door nd wind w fastened, bade good-bye to thgr dear home of her. childhood, and taking ittle Luke and Ella "by the hand, w nt to their new ^habitation, j She took a short cat through thejshrub iery, thence through the church-yard out upon the turnpike jiear the entrance ol OhurcWane TOien they reached this jspotj with its tall «$rees meeting overhead, making a vista like a cathedral aisle as ifar as the eye could seej -(J the children-rain wild -with; delight To them the idea of-going tolive jn-that little lvy-jjov red, vine-wreathed .cottage in ihe-green and shady Jane was perfectly--enchanting J.t -waa-like splayjnjg at-houseleeping, in the most delightful Jnannera «ich kittle-inamman foi a playmate. It was ljke a fany tulo aVo ana thoy half expected to ee ,f therlittle old ^womin^ or| " the ibeautiful l&dy"Tvho t'Urna 1 out toibe * 1 the iairyqneenatlaet I They San n before Wet, jumping -and Skipping, andtbey reached the gate of-tho; ttige iomemmutea bef oreWid. ^ Wmmm She found them there 'waiting for her. Slhesun had just .set; bnt the fire- lightand the lamp-light from the cottage, parlour, and:kitohengleamea- ont;froa-theJrontand baok windows, flickering and glimmering through the still green foliage around the building. " We jot here before jyou, mammamJ Oh, dw s dust dollyexclaimed Luke, -swinging on the gate. » "Dust dolly 1" echoed his twin sister Net smiled at the children, unfastened the gate, and led -them into the garden and thenoe through the vine-covered porch and into the housB, the front door of wbich was left wide open to .receive her and her little companions. The ooitage presented a very different iaspeotnow to what it did when we firstisaw.-it; The narrow passage -walls were white washed, the doors freshly painted, and the floor was covered with a soft, dark green carpet Net opened the door on the left leading into the long room sheihad fitted up for tbe leaping apartment of herself and 4he children, from whom «be yae never sepa d. ,dHlis.-..)thev«'hildren t<lpund the jpdii chamber set, with which the\ hal In m familiar all thBir little lives, -and to find them in this new, strange placB was a fresh delight. Net took ofi her n hat and wraps and; tbe children's, and put them all carefully j -away in the-waidiobe;;and thenileathe.littlei ones acroBS the passage to the parlour, that looked bright and cheerful with ltB red carpet, white curtains, white walls, gay' chintz covered sofa and chairs, neat tea-; table set in the middle of the floor, and blazing little wood-fire in the fireplace aoross the corner. sOh-h- hl.V,;Gxclaimed:both-childrpnin'a^ breath, running, towards tho-corner fire to admire the. bright :brass fender and '.fire-i irons "And zatfs daddy'."• cried Luke>-*pomting to a portrait ^f-the mimster thatliiing units.' -black- -waJiiutiframe over.the mantel-piece-' betweenapair of.three-prongedwax candle-, sticks Atgratpful smell of !tea;and'ba3ang'.ica3ces; and-toasting- mufSns came in-feomthe open door-::(>t> .:-the - .warmj -"bright ~ kitclien," and enticed-the children thither, where tihey found 3£it busy over the tiniestkitchen ranged that Jiad-ever-been setup ina small-home.; " And boo do yo loike themew :home .?" : questioned- Kit,- turning a mufSn on her 'Oh, it's dust doEy I" cnedLuke.'• " Dust dolly!" echoed 'iElla, for. their vocabulary Tras not very extensive. And then they went to the narrow door leading toHhe attie, and, with' the- everpreBent exploring inatmct of children and small doge,-..they..opened.it_and began toclimb tlie stau's, and.soon their heek were i heardidattepng-over the-floors above- s Then, indeed, they hurned into the parlour, climbed up into their high chairs, and were pushed up to their places on the right and left of their little mammam. " Do yo moind wot noight this wull be, -Mistress Net?,-' inquiredKit,as Bhewaited; the enndren. 'I know it is the last o£ October—the thirty-first," replied Net. " Ay, tbot wull be it" " But what of it, Kit ?" , : , "It wull be Hallow-Biea noigli f , of all: the noights in the yeaT " " Tes—believe it is - but what o£ that, Kit?" '' Wot of thot ? Whoy, Mistiess Net, if s there be a gha-wst m this awld hooae, we'll allfam to see it to-nightl", saidi.the .girl, ' in a low, iearful tone, as she glanced over her shoulder. Oh, Kit, what nonsense 1 A ghost, 1 ndeed' Tou know there are no such things," replied Net, , "'Weed, then, 1 knaw nothing aboot it! But if there be. a -ghawst ; in- this. same hoose,. we're,,fain-to. see it-to-noight.'',• "Kit, I ^jll not have you say such foolish things before the children," said Net, with all .the -sternness she .could assume. "Tou should know that there are no ghosts." •-.- :No,:-dere....are: no- ghose," added- . Luke*-putting a spoonful of milk and bread into his mouth. "No ghose," echoed Ella, with her words half smothered in muffin. " Yarry well, then, yo'll gee before mom-, ing." "Nonsense, I say; but really if you are afraid to sleep upstairs by yourself, Kit, you had better make up a little bedan our room, which is so large and well ventilated that two grown persons and . two . chiidren-rimay-S easily sleep m it withogt detriment to. health;; Tes, Kit, you m ay sleep .there every-night; if you -wish ; • you have-only-toimake your -beds m the evening and take it away in the -morning." "Thank yo kindly, Mistress ijet, but Oil prefar to sleep in m' own places and Oi'm Hot so timid Oi've got aiiorEe-shoe. That i UTceep the ghawsts away froom me." i "I wish Petex could stay with you at; night sas• well -as- day. . He: could - have a comfortable room next to yours in the. garret" < Wull, yo see, distress Net, he cannot.;; He'll coom and wurruk for yo oil day long,-but at noight lie is ffun to stav with the mither.'wlulefthe feyiher is oot m' his' boot, • spearing sawmon." " I know, and I am sorry,"-said Net, as she left the table. Mammam, may -weso tay up dis onenight 'ittle w'lle »" coaxed Luke. M "Tay pa ittle w'llef" echoed Ella, as! theyiboth.!came-to55;ebw3i6reshe-waS''feitting; ana3aadthere.chiibl5f.liaiidg -in-Sierlapwjv "Tes, ;my daahngs. -Ate this is the first ihourlonger.-ilian'^pl;"^ lihe^e^^ktifle^&nof ithe -Shildreni-s ®itc1lared'off the^arltor taiblealiarcairried. -the'featserificeiinto^lM'majoimng-kiichen,. :^hereshfecset.another5able'iorj:her6elf,and ; •Petetj'w3io;iad:3ust^'e0mem!from-i .housing her jnjSJip cottage^sEed. CHAPTEE XXXII. " ' -* ,-i Agtafit she wa\kea,and taitrng rora ( harEbed, msJ" L w * Dbtjjbn. 'NET lighted ter evening lamp and let; " dotal the parlour curtains.. Then she took Goldsmith's "Natural Histoiy, with'its colouredweturesof bird , Jbeasts.apdfishes, and -opened it on the rug "before thp'fire, BO that the two children mig"ht| sit down there and look at^he pictures together " finally Net took hci lanttmg and sat; down by the fire to work:, -for this old asKoned^little housewife ^knitted all the' ^tbclongs forlhe childron-»nd,herself. Soon ia-diapute aro exm^the-rng ; , fpo ie mwn.'upcLJ A MOTHERS HEART Ir wflB ever -®ut of -ill^hat Ja, folded down and covered up in the leatt of Mrs Tleetwoodf iioneinew -or <conld knoV but; herself-alone "" ' ^ T I •"Ton are a Snappy mo$het > pne'had saidi «to her at the"olose the the Ceremony, when eetybung face'of'thetriae was«nn ~ in TO good and lovely a wmMmmtmmm so -worthy to possess lier hand" How: almost strangely the words had sounded in Iter ears. Happy. J It was over. The windows had been thrown open, the liglits turned out, and: the refreshments served Then came a hurried change of attire, orange blossoms, and filmy veil, and spotless-robes -were laid aside for ihe plain travelling dress Howkwiftly lt'all passed' Swiftly at the changes; m a troubled dream. One strong-clasp to. the maternal bosom , one clinging embrace; of the daughter's arms, a moment'sreBting of the bride's cheek on the breast where it might never lie as of old again, and then i— "It'sthe -way-with them all,"said one of the guests, speaking with light mdiffeienee, as he remarked on the mothei's pa!p face r and wet eyes, out of -which she had striven, ohl so hard, to keep the grief and the teais " It's the way with them all Crying is a part of the programme ' " I couldn't have worn a face like that if the bride bad been my daughter," said an other of the guests Men like George Cleveland are not picked up every day. 13 ut -n^andour- ohiiartoj.whom'we'hava-lovedaiid; oared for from babyhood—who are bone of our bone and flesh of our fleab—and to be set • bsideias fhaving -no longer any property;,in;; /them,-or .Bight ito claim,ihe smallest.service. To be second where we have always been first To have the love, which had once been-all: our own; divided, :and . the -larger; shaie givento another. Ah, me b It's sad ! enough -when you come to look it right in ; •the face. ::,Bn^;ithen it's; the old -life-leseon. ; The. one onr mothers and, - our grandmothers J -learned - in .. the . yeorsr.goue -by, -and- tlia - one. we shall have to ,learn when our . times comes " " He's a handsome ,: young fellow," remarkedia -third,- speaking to his companion; -as lie walked away. 't-But I can' t say that I like altogether, the expression, of Ins mouth. It's javlittlektoo .closely -set j and -has: nothing i of that womanly softness whioh. is the sign; of a kmdly nature, and which you so often, see in men of nobleness and great strength of character. , Everybody speeks well of him, as a young man of good principles, and as -: one who is bound, to make {his way in the: world. But if I read bis face aright, heiacks' a tender and generous spirit, fie will love his own, but he will be apt to. love it -very selfishly. : Poor Mra. Fleetwood! ,,-Her face' as I saw it aftea she had kissed Mane for the last time, and her child had turned away; from—her to go,with her.- husband; v haunts: me as faces I have sometimes seen in : pictures." Yes, it was over. The day and the houi to which Mts. Fleetwood had looked forward for so many months with a tailing, heartj had come and wrought its change in the; whole order of her own and daughter's life. It had been happiness to give the best-that was in her-r-love, care, .devotion —everything for the sake of her beloved child. And all the beautiful unfolding of -Bhis preeioua human flower,- its exquisite grace and perfection j :and the sweet per--fume of its love had been all for her. But now, when beauty, grace and sweetness had gained their; full -perfection, .another hand-had plucked lier .flower and carried it away. Poor mother ! She couldn't help herself. - And she bad tried and: was still trying bo hard to get comfort out.of the thought that Marie was going to be . very happy ; happy,: as she had been in the days of her own early wedded life, the joy of which still lived in her heart as one of,.. its f,moBt-...precious memoiies Our hands are not skilled enough to fold- back.the '..drapery .and .-uncover .her heart; -wecan-onlylet -you see -lt beating. against - the: -close: mvesture,-- under, which: she -is trying,' • but -in xvain; to'conceal its -throbbing pulse "Dearest" Mother." So-the- brief-:epistle read;- "It was two days after Mario had gone away. Dearest mother 1 I. snatch a inomontto wnteto you: I'm welland happy, so happy! George -is hurrying me to go out with him, and I can .only give you a line or two Good-bye! and a thousand fosses from your loving daughter, Mabie; Trembling hands and tear filled eyes made the letter hard to read. Was the mother happier after its receipt? Did it comfort her' Was anything supplied to the aching void ol her heart' We fear not There was the sweetness of honey m the hastilyrsorawled letler, and the bitterness of aloes as well " George is huriying me to go out with him; andT-can:Only ; give,yon a .lme'orrtwo.'VAh; more was hidden in that brief sentence than Marie had thought, or she would never have let it drop from her pen, to be forgotten by herself almo t as soon as written It came to ber mother as the first sad confirmation of her fears. The young huBband meant that- hiB 'poBsession should -.be -complete. That brief wedding ceremony had fevered the -"old' 'bona, :and -.made obsolete the old relations The 1 daughter must now be lost m the wife. So she read the sentence an<l it lay upon her heart like a great stone, Two weeks;and -the brief wedding ceremony; was over The brief letters which had come from Marie were lull of loving words hastily written , but in each expreESion of endearment the mother's eyes saw something which .gave a dash of bitterness to the cap she was Tiolding to her hps; something winch told her that the new way in which Marie'B feet had turned was alreaay loBing its parallel with her * She might have known liow it would be, was neither, weak nor blind. But mother-;love .wastheantense-passion^hich^iad, ruled _her life, and absorbed all her interest. That Sometimes in jthe future a stronger tliau filial love -would take, posseBBion ol hei daughter's heart, and ]_that sometim]in her future Mane would turn from her and give the beBt that was m her to another, were possibilities dipily.seen and invested with a dreanwjkind of romance 3?or her beautiful child, fancy, wheb it turned 'that way, had pictured an idepl man as true and noble as Bhe yn»s pure and lovely 4 a man who, grateful for the gift olso precious a thing, would cherish"'for her the'-tenderest Regard and giveher the added blessing of a .coneiderate and, devoted'son There had been times when;. ;anotheripioture,^rneto,our{Weak andiselfisii: hum&n .nat,nre;:had suddenly-Bpread.-itself beforeTier eyes, and the sight of it hid o made her heart sick, and .caat a shadow around ler ^rojn Which sSe -could never -wholly emerge ~~ Thatfeeorge Cleveland was not her ideal man^t tlid not'take Mrs. Fleetwood long to diEoovcr--Il«he-liadentertainedBnysenoUB doubts ba he subject before he gave her' reluctant consent to the marriage, no long time -had jpaBSed Iter an engagement ring haS been placed on Marie' finger, before they -were dispelled Another might not lave seen any change in tho onng man's boar ng toward her, but to her more subtle and lealoUs ..observation, the signs of in j; .diSeBence too Curely became Visible The little courtesies, apd attentions which the, onng 'man'hid'Seen go quick to offer, began to"have<leBs vfarmth and freedom lntham, and e wet0 ometimes femittbtlaltogether He Was not'scFrea'clyio dfelertoilier taste and piiSions. 'and didiioflisten-when-she talked; nth Ihe ofl SpparenHnlerest SD it went; ia mrnth after month, each dav &iv nfc its lew revelation ol the trull), wid nwkmg it plainer and plainer to Mrs. Fleetwood that, whileJovmg .the daughter; he wasnndifferent to the mother, and that there would never exist between .them any true relafaon ef confidence or-«ileef 1011. But Mane had come back to the old home again ? Not so' The old home was large enough, had many unfilled chambers, bnt. tbe young husband wanted his beloved all to himself So he made lot her a home in which they might dwell together and be happy in themselves alone To share any of his blessings with another, and so increase his capacity for still higher enjoyment, was something out of the range-, of Cleveland's "philosophy. What he had made his own, so to speak, was his own, to hold and enjoy for himself alone. Marie was now his wife, and in becoming his wife, her old duties and relations as a daughter had come to an end In marrying the daughter there had been no intention ou his part to assume' any obligations" m regard tO; the mother. Tho question did not even come up in his-mind for debate: Indeed, it was --Jiot - his . habit --to - discuss -questions in volving dnty. Others must take care oi themselves as he was taking care of himself 'badigained^or.iis.S'ifecneof'.tbeipurest. .jHeJiadigained^or. et-'and f-wertrj-t L his.S tf , women, ife®neof'.tbe;purest, "tUft^SD d '--sweetest- 'ofiwomen/Snd finS he h® wos wai Jiappyinthe posBession iof: BoriehableBBicig..' But he had never:thought.of putting himself; m the mother's place.-and trying to imagine; what would -be "her sense of loss, what -her loneliness and desolation of - spirit, when the light.of her hfe should Jbe-taken away from her. Alone, with rher desolate and aching heart, - Fleetwood, began, the -difficult, task ;of adjusting herself to these new con- ; ditione. ."Were. the.-reserve forces:still inher possessm strong enough for the work ? ; Could ja life which .had, flowed on in.-a sweet^rhytlmi for twenty years-is suddenly ,• arrested m its^courseand turned into a new and. strange channel;' ever move on again with, the old. freedom and delight ? : Not. so l -the mother hid her heart as Jbest shecould,- and -triedi to. rally herself and put. on. a semblance of a resigned and con--tented spirit. :-And Marie, was-so happy in her,new home, and in the love of her husband, that, she did not see what others saw the. face other widowed and now almost childless -mother,;-a fading- and a|falhng that -made.;themselves -more- and more visible as the- weeks and months' went • on. ,Ah, had,not -the; mother-'been wounded-in her- -lover-Tin -her -very -life.- -Out iof that wound the-drops, were falling.slowly and' steadily, spite.of^he.hand-that was-held soclosely against, it,:m. a ...vain; -attempt ".-to; staunch the flow. • Cleveland- made no effort- to conceal the - indifference : -which--he ,-felt "towards, his wife's .-mother. : -.- He. -was - polite " to her -whenever .-.they-happened-"to-•••meet;' -which.',;was .not - very --often;: as'• •Mrs;' I'leetwood rarely - called at his house Jtq" see Marie, except in-the day- time, when , her husband was • away from home." - Now" and then; at remote intervals, he -went with, Marie to see her m the evening, and put on a kind of preteuce.of caring for her .; bnt,-though he ssid .pleasant: words; cn ear. aente discern every affection 111 the: voice; could: perceive no heart- in them, -listen though it. p eften-did with a hungry longing for the love and tender considerations which were denied. Not that Mrs. Fleetwood ever annoyed him with - ungracious- intrusions of -herself," or made herself disagreeable in any way. - He was simply indifferent; had never taken her into account; and never meant, to. • If -she had been m any personal or peenniary need, for Marie's sake, and for the sake of appear-"auces; he, would have supplied all her necessities. But for any higher claim - he had no recognition. The-tender and sentimental side of his nature had received so far in life but little culture One day a lady-who had known him intimately for,-so many years- that she: had acquired the privilege of plain speaking, asked him, with some concern in her voice, if Mrs. Fleetwood had-been sick. ; ' I presume: not/! was the rather cold reply., - .•''••At least, I have heard nothing about it" When did you see her last," inquired the lady. - The young man: lifted his eyes to tlie ceil, ingin.a half indifferent way, and after re-,fleeting .for a moment or two, said: " Eeally, . Mrs. .Eay, I cannot just remember .when it was." ...••..: The lady fixed her gaze upon him and with an expression that caused him to ask: What's the matter ? Why do you look •t- me so?" He tried to smile, but the sober countenance, of his friend drove the -light-back-from his lace. Don't remember when you last - saw Mane s mother ?' - : • ' •.: •--'.- ' • Perhaps I could remember if I were to try very hard. She's here erery week, may be two or, three timeB; -bnt I'm never home except: m,the;eyening." "And is Mrs. Fleetwood .never, at your; house m the evening?" " yei-y rarely. She doeen 't like to be out ftemight" " Does she live entirely alone ?" " Yes, so far as I know. Alone, except for her servants " " So far .as you know ; Am I talking, to George Cleveland?" " That's my name. I'm not aware of having changed my-identity/'' ..The-youhg man showed a slight degree of annoyance-"I could hardly have believed it; for:'I had thought so much better of my young friend" 'Eeally, Mrs Hay, this is all a riddle, One would think, from the way you are talking, that I'd been actually abusing my mother n-law " ' There are many ways of-abuemg othera besides that of ciuel speech or personal: violence Abuse of the heart goes deeper and is far more ciuel in the suffering it "inflicts ' The eyes of the young man opened widely and with a half staitled expression "Abuse of ihe heart'" He shook -liis head slowly. " I do not get at your mean ing.' i 1" It pain? me deeply, George, to hear you; jpeak:B0.1ightlyand.E0indiffflrently-.of,Mra Fleetwood, Mar e's mother," said the (lady, the gravity of her manner ncreasing had expected from you tbe tendeiest consideration.for one to,whom you are solargely; indebted For one who has brought you the most preoious gift of your life—robbing lier wn heart and making it deBolate that yours might he rich with blessings. Pymg, so to: speak, that-yon miglit iive;'' -A look of almost blank surpsise came into; Cleveland's lace, but he said' " That is sentiment" : .; j .«lfll .give,,a, shock.,to,your,.heart...and partially paralyse it, so that it beats with Jain and sends onlyiaifeeble jCurrent- oMifei. -throngb-yonr:body,:*Lll you call .that mere: sentiment,i.George--ClBv«landJ,:~ AndiB-the 1 -Jbeart.wjthinihe heart« and «f romnwtoch it ,has oiganism,'and]ife,.and,,j)pwer;,a-:leBB.vito thing and less susceptible of hurt 'or paralysiB? - Your ^bought .and conBoiousnesa w are :on;a lo5^el:,plane.!than l hadjlmagllled.' , ' b " Perhaps they ale, and perhaps you can enlighten me ' was the answer, madevwitb eoa^ieoashauitmd^thwshght-^rellvlaass t of tone fr 1 The lady fat silent for a lew moment., she then said, sjpeakmg in a changed mil more plSasantvoioe ( "Mane fse&zla'.mo^ Zoyelicr day byv -dayVeye^Hime I mBet'her I, jjomfe new-grace, of-mind or., charm o£ manner.: I'call. ^ou- : : one - of - the: most i-fortunate of . men." And- so lam;" • was the -wann response. 5 f .I'iook,a,t,'"her'Sometimes, half in wonder . and half in gladness, and then think,with . a new ioy she is mine, all mine, mine £01 evei' - -"No-tune- coming when: she will .turn from you-and go to another." -- " Go to another There -came -a flash -out of the clouds "which had swept into the young man's face."; :•. •::"> :••:• . As she - went from- her mother -to you." - -- For a, little- while silence fell between them.." .Swift changes-'-were .passing in Cleveland's face - " •From the mother," resumed Mrs. Eay, "who-liore her in pain, and cared for. and nurtured her-through all the. years of her helpless infancy and childhood. ; From her mother, who - watched - over her-with -a -loving solicitude, and. a tireless devotion all , along , her, path , of- life,-guarding her • -from evil, drawing towards her all the •ministries-of good withm.ber reach, and moulding and-iashionmg her mtha wisdom -born of. u- love,which no jnan'slieart can -meaBUre :or: comprehefid - into a -bemg of : •such lovelmessithatyo®' -heart-bowed.dbwn -before her as if she had been an angfel. From this mother she went to you ! • Was •nothing hurt in the transition ? Were no -clouds--rent'?- • .No-,heart : stricken-? 1 '--No life made. desola,t8? 'J'hmk of her going fiom you " .George- Cleveland sat as one who -had •been stunned by-a sudden shock. "And think," continued the lady, "of a man accepting this transfer with just a cold •Thank you,' and then .turning away from the giver without a-touch of gratitude, or the feeblest - sense of obligation m his heart.". •-• -• v " When did you see your mother, Marie ?'.' aBked Cleveland, as he looked across the table at his wife that evening. There was a new quality m his voice. A something that caused her to look at him intently. , "She was here yesterday/'-Marie answered. -" How is she ?'' The interest expressed m-her husband's voice sent a quicker throb to Mane's heart. " About as usual." "Someone said that she was not looking very well." ,.,.- .'.... : - ,The young man saw a change in Marie's countenance. It was half surprise -and half alarm.. Swift as the 1 movement-of a thought had the inner and now clearer sight of the daughter passed to the mother's face—the,face into which she had looked, with :her natural eyes, on the day before..-. Howmuch more shesaw m it now than,then,!:-No, she "was not looking well. A feeling, of : anxiety .crept-into her heart and. began to. shadow her face. ' ,:•:•• " Her life must be very lonely mow that I'm away from her," said Marie, a slight quiver in her voice. " I wonder, sometimes, that she's as cheerful as she is." "Yes, it must be a great-change for her —greater, perhaps, than we have realised," remarked -her • husband j speaking in repressed tones, as one trying to mdesome Little- more was said during the meal. Both were -absorbed in their own thoughts —thoughts which neither was ready to.unveil to the other. -Suppose we call round and see your mother this; evening," said the young husband, as they arose from the table. '.' We haven't been therefor I can't say howlongi" Oh 1 shall we ? I've been waiting to sea her all day. Poor, mother 1 I often think how-lonely her life must be. She was quieter than UBnal when she was here yesterday, -ana didn't, take as much interest in things as she had been in the habit of doing. And now I remember that it struck me once or twice - that she had -an expression in her face which I had never seen there before, and which I did not understand." No, Marie had .not understood the meanmg of what Bhe:saw m her mother's face.at their last meeting. The affluence of her own life had given her no measure by which to estimate-or determine tne poverty of her mother's life. Feeding Herself upon the manna of love, and with its rich juice coursing through her. veins, how could she know that her mother was wasting from starvation because food had been withdrawn and denied—the food ol her heart. Mother 1" The heavy eyehdB - unolosed and lifted themselves slowly. Had she been asleep in the great arm-chair, or only loBt in a waking aream of her old delight ? Oh, mother 1 My dear, dear mother 1 * What a wild passion of love expressed itself in Marie's voice, as she drew her arm about ber mother's neck.and held her face closely to her bosom. When strong feelings had died. away, and the mother sat quiet m her chair, and Marie's eyes, clearer tor the tears which had blinded them a . little while before, looked steadily into her face, its paleness smote her -with a sudden ,fear. - And how wasted-it. seemed 1 How- transparent the skin! JIow strange and wistful and hungry the eyes that never, turned from their intent gaze into hers for a moment I: " Mother !'' It was • George Cleveland who had uttered the word,. He had ,neper called her mother - before..: No son 1 could have spoken it more tenderly. He . bent down and laid a kiss upon her forehead. How swiftly her eyes turned from Mane's face to his. What the young man saw in . them-wasa parable,-only the closer and lower meaning of which -were then, understood. - They held his; gaze intently for a "while; 'looking through- bis- eyes mts his very-soul ; then the lids shut softly down and something of peace and restful quiet gatheredm the colourless face and about :.the••tranquil mouthi '-As. she sat -thus, George-Cleveland- went noiselessly from, the room. Ten minutes later there came the sound ot wheels at-the door, •v..?'• -Mother !". Tne young man was standing ovei Mrs Fleetwood again, " Mother! you are going home. The carriage is at the door " Theie was no hidden meaning in the parable of his voice. Mrs Fleetwoodhalf raised herself from the chair, her faoe startled and quivering ; looking from Mane lo her husband in a .wild, surprised manner; and then fell baok again, : sinking among the soft cushions, and lying - BO still that life seemed as if it-were ebbing • away. There was no strength left for anything. * Thought and will were suspended for a time, -aud she could-only.feel .and submit; In the ; Strong arms that took her up and bore her away to the carnage, she felt a tender pressure, and in the voice whose tones had been so cold to her ears—sometimes striking her with words the pain of "which "went ^deeper than the: pain ot any blow—she rooognised something that spoke peaoo to her broken heart Mother,' said the young man, as he sat -alone with Mrs. Fleetwood a lew days after- ard, when the light and warmth were to come "back from her heart into her face ' Mother, I have never thanked youior the greatest biesBing of my life, for"; {.am which has been your Joss, hat jne do so now If, in «ay selfishness, 1 have lorgotten to.- be ^rateful. it jihaU.never be «o again. J bwe more to ou than to anyone --living C-od blesB jand jreward you! TheiJ| is room enough in Marie's heart for both ot "ub, ' — A t Ikttr wt Beaith anA'Some, 