IRELAND. FATHER BUBKE ON THE SECRET OF IRELAND'S CATHOLICITY. The Very Rev. T. N. Burke, O.P., on 6th November, delivered a lecture in Dublin on the above subject, from which we take the following remarkable extract:—What was it that was at work in Ireland, and was wanting in England ? It was this, that in Ireland the position of Catholics, and the relation of the Church to the Holy See and the Pope, were well and clearly understood; in England it was not. There lay the whole secret. (Hear, hear.) Our Divine Lord, when he founded the Church, a teaching, legislating, and governing body, left the Pope as its visible head—the apex, the rock at the top of the pyramid of the Church. This position was understood in Ireland, but there was one taint running through England in the best of her Catholic days, and that one taint was jealousy of Rome—of ,'the Pope's power and attributes. In Ireland the Pope's power was acknowledged by all, and lovingly. The lamb out in the meadow of an April evening, though there might be a hundred ewes in the field, would know his own mother, and go to her. Ireland, then, when there were a hundred anti-popes in the field, went with the instinct of a true child to her own father, and laid her hand upon him, and never made a mistake. (Applause.) And coming down to Jour own times, the greatest triumph of the Catholicity of a people since the world had been spoiled by the dissemination of anti-Catholic principles, had been that strange instinct with which the Catholic people of Ireland rose up to reject the veto when it was put as a condition on their emancipation. (Applause.) When Henry VIII. called upon Ireland to become Protestant, he did not ask her to give up a single iota of Catholic faith except one, and that was to give up the Pope "and take him. He asked her to take Peter out of the arch and put in Harry. (Laughter.) Ireland said " No," in the name of philosophy and common sense, as well as religion; no, let Peter remain, and she cemented Peterinto the arch. (Applause.) She cemented him in with her best heart's blood that was shed for him, and Ireland's Catholicity stood to-day the noblest edifice in the Church of God. In England the rock was gone, and the shifting sand of a tyrant's will had taken its place, and to-day not a single vestige of Catholic truth remained to the Protestant Church in England. The Sacraments were gone; she held on to two for a while, but Mr. Bonham disposed of Baptism, and Archdeacon Denison's decision in the Privy Council disposed of the Holy Eucharist. A Protestant BiBhop recently had the face to .say—"The particular glory of our English Church is that she has no dogma whatever. (lighten) He mistakes Henry VIII. made ww po bjslievethat the Irish wem'tphii cowards. The TwAflfi, for iwgion had been fougbt upon many » field 300 years. Henry VIII. had gone to bit place, and England, in our own dav laid down her arms, and by the d£ establishment of the Protestant ChoM proclaimed that Ireland's Catholicity was invincible. * TH DELES OATHEDBAL. A meeting of the parishioners of Thtirl« was held in the oathedral on Sundav after twelve o'clock Mass, with a vie* to raise funds to complete the new cathe dral church, now fast arriving atcomple. tion. His Grace the Archbishop made a statement showing the money received and paid him since his accession to the see of Cashel. From his Grace's statenient it would appear that the cost 0f the cathedral up to this is about £60 000 About £6500 of this sum is yet unsaid scribed. The united diocese of Cashel and Emly, however, has guaranteed £4500. The balance, £1100, the pwirt, of Thurles alone has yet to contribute and to raise this amount was the bnsheas proper of their meeting to-day, so said his Grace. After a lucid and eloquent discourse by the Archbishop, in the course of which he said that he nevet yet knew an Irish bishop or priest making an appeal to an Irish audieace, nndei such circumstances as he appealed at present, without receiving a generom response, a subscription list was opened, his Grace heading it by giving £Uo, and there and then the handsome sum of £600 was contributed, and when all the parishioners will have subscribed about £800, it is expected, will be the total The Archbishop announced that the oathedral would be fully completed bj the 1st of June next, and that the dedication would take place on the 22nd of that month. The sermon on the occasion will be preached by the Moit Rev. Dr. Ryan, Archbishop of St. Louie, U.S., who is a native of this town, and one of the first preachers speaking the English language. AN ANCIENT AND CUBIOtTS CHARITY, In the Court of Chancery lately, a suit was heard relating to the Holy Ghost Hospital, Waterford; the suit was, The Attorney-General v. Slaney, and was instituted by the Attorney-General at the relation of Mr. Patrick Francis Power against Mr. Matthew Slaney, for the purpose of settling a scheme'for carrying Out an ancient charity founded by King Henry VIII. in 1545, under tbe name of the Corporation of the Master, Brethren, and Poor of the Hospital of the Hoi; Ghost, Waterford, in lieu of the monastery of Grey Friars, suppressed. Hii Majesty endowed it with lands, on the condition that prayers should be said fat the good rule of the king, for his so>ril and the soul of his progenitors, and for the souls of Patrick Walshe and others. The Walshe family emigrated to the Canary Islands in 1687. The appointment to the charity has since been made by the Corporation. In 1855, on the resignation of the father of Thomas Francis Meagher, Mr. Matthew Slaney, the respondent, was appointed master. By the charity intern relief is given to forty persons, giving each 16s. a month, and half a ton of coal per year, and twenty-eight extern members receive 12s. per month. The yearly rental of the property is now £1632, and the accumulations amount to £9122. The respondent admits having this sum, and was ready to dispose of it as the Court should direct. The Corporation contended that they had the right to appoint the master. It was decided to have a Receiver appointed. HELLER'S WILL.—The will of William Henry Palmer, of Canterbury, England, better known as Heller, the magician, has been filed in the Surrogate's office,New York. The will is (we learn from a New York paper) dated New York, 12th, April, 1878. He appoints his sister, Mrs. Fannie Gibbs, of Seven Oaks, Kent, England, his executrix, and directs her, under the supervision of Haidee Heller, to - destroy and beat Out of shape all the secret apparatus add mechanical devices appertaining to his business, so that no one may have the benefit of his brains after his death. He leaves £125 a year to Haidee, £135 a yea* to his wife Annie, while'she remains single and provides for the education of Mb daughters and son The balance goes to his brother Angelo, of Hamilton, Victoria, Australia.—Argus. VALUABLE JOURNALS. — An . offer of £850,000 sterling has been made for the London Telegraph, and declined by its proprietors, Messrs. Lawson, Levy and Co. As the Telegraph is rated fourth in value among the London newspapers, it would appear that the journalistic market is at least "firm" over there. The, Times is roughly valued at £5,000,0(H), the Starvdmi at £2,000,000, and Daily 2feWat£l;e(>0,000. The price asked for the T&egrqph; is a round million. The circulation of theae journals is given at 85,000 daily for the Times, 145,000 for the Standard, 125,000for the Newt, and 200,000 forthe tokgraph. In point of advertising patronage the Tones exceeds all theothwthreeotwnbined, the Stawiomi trarpasBes boththe^&iwi; and Telegraph, and the former leafathe latter/. The pappr of'least circulatio&haa; the most ad- >i andtrice versa. 