? SKELETON I N THE CUOSET. CHAPTER XXVIII Z.A11T ARlELLE's SUITOB. — .. MRS. E. I) E'U. SOUTHWOETH, Author of "Tho Hidden Hand." "The . Deserted Fife," " Self-Hade," &e.;, &c; i , H: 1 . iYi^ei!; dark,-but very-quiet; . ±t EeemsliLkelookmgtiDwzitlie.dnBlryraoiitli - Of agreat'-cannon. . THE;Earl=of-vAltofa»e; :powovereightyfive-,years 1 of- age;;^as,faihng;very.ta6t. .w A vigorous old gentleman up to.the tiiacof hi6 ,wife's laat allneBs, -lie 'had'rapidly declined .from ihe-.day .ofviieEjdeparture-to: theiulleiJife It was with-the oldearl andt-counte^s. as ; with many another aged couple : who shave' lived a long -united dife—ihe fgomg. of "one meant the going of the other How.Idislikeithat;word;deatlias applied to human bewgs, sfor'-.whom^there'is.-no' death, nota- runstant'euiterruptionto-the eternal life! Butswce.wehave.no'other word for this " orderly step in life," we must use it, though under protestation. The earl was failing fast; lie foresaw the great change at no -distant day; "and this foreknowledge,,'vp-hiltS s it cheered.limwitli the hope of a speedy reunion with the loved companion, of his.earthly tpilgrlmagej .^troubled him. with ansaefcy -for '±he*i'utare ofius' granddaughters ;Ar.ielle,-;yvho would be left youthful^-inexperienced; unprotected;! and exposed..to:tlie"-machinations"of-;fortmiehuntei® . 2 r He thought,if ,-lie.could.:only see her married to some worthy gentleman he could " depart m peace " • Faldunir Desparde ihaid &'een the man of Ins first choice, i But^Pialdimlr : "Jiad aban-"' doaed;hiBbride,andaead.y brokenherheait;' audi was; uowiat-the 'antipodes. - And al-: though! his )frifendsils(ffl E h^:-faltli : m' the' fugitive! bridegroom;"^ and'iithought '-hiBstrange conduct the-result-of some -grevious' misapprehension ithat. scould = be • explained in a personal. mtervietf. : 'diilv £h'ey >could find hmi,.and.*although.: the-earl himself; fromhis longhand'^ntimate'lmowiedgei of' young Desparde, was -disposed to take the same view of "the ease; yet he tos 'doubtful of the issue, andhe%aite3 inpainfulisuB-: pense toheir*from-:£o>?d'Ile&ttdevere;, % who ! had sailed"for<2S"ew ^Sorkvin' %uest"t>fMs'; young cousin and lifelr. , Another Bouice of anxietyiiras the^present' condition of Arielle, whose health and strength contained to waste and wane She was losing even her beauty She vras flesh lees and colourless van the plain languageof the country" people/ she 1 was.": naught but Bliin and bone " She glided about the bouse like a spirit; * always patient;'- often smilmg, though^ith'fl'Bttiile"-that.was, saddia: 1 tbantears. There weie times '-whea the earl thought that he should see his last descendant depart .before him At length came a- letter; ipost-maried New York It was from theliarob, of course, and it soWtd. or seemed to solve, theivhole sroblem for the tail. _ We will not quote the whole of tbw letter. One eigmfioaat paragrapfc srijl be sufficient. ^ It becomes - my paWul duly, 1 '-wtoi« the • a Tr' " to to " youtthe whole iruth Concern-': ing Mr Deeparde I owe this io you and lo votir granddaughter' Idid not tell you the whole of the commnaication that I received trom the detective, 1 and "that occasioned' my voyage to this -city I did not tell you 'the aww, beoaueeldid'mot behove the worst, ana 1 wished to disprove it on my arrival nere, but to my grief and humiliation, I nave toot been able to ao so-; onthe contrary, «ny discoveries have corroborated the worst part pf the report made to mehy the agent, also prove youroftn jnst theory of the Bight of Desparde. ' You retaember you eu> - Seotea that the yonth had heen inveigled into some low love affair of which he wastohamel, fi with the ^zjjijsurei of -whibh-he-was And n0W Bnch Beem to be faot? «" -Ss lsbded in this city,Rasing with him a young woman andlnfant hoy, who seemed 1 is 1 lo Jiave been, hiB mfe and South y - towards 'the That is aH | ^ , J ' ' - • ir'n. ellali Deeparde no farther j™ sown the wiig nd^musi reap the ^"Valdimii never was intentionally wicked, but he has been weak, ana must be miserable I hope that lady Arlelle will Mon forget the existence ,of one so weiy f^p unworthy of her. " ^/oi Jne, Ijmust devote myself to the rr 6 his unhappy young lister, upon whom this with pruel seventy. We return by-an early steamer. JVo words can express iny sorrow for this occurrence; but pray t3o not let it affect the luendly intercourse of suck oldneieh ttcnus as omselves ' this letter he sat back mhis chair, gioaninl and sighing at intervals. Ho was more ^sieved than -eurpnsed at -what he had ea) ned, for under all his hopes he had had a latent suspicion that Valdiinii ihadlaeen fl to use ina own cli&ntiible; jphiase, very And now. 1 a difficult. ..and dangerous task was before him—to convince his .grand- <3aughtei that the lover whom she had known and loved fiom childhood, who had been her betrothed husband, m whom she had trusted in -defepite of ajjpeaiances, for wh m Bhe hoped «ven against hope, was utterly unwoithy of her whom he had deceived as well as foieaken, and was forever unattainable and irreclaimable, as -Hie partner of ^ discreditable coiihopes affect ArielleP It would prostrate hei—it might kill her Tins was why the old earl groaned and sighed as he lay hack mhis chair. And how should lie tell the story? In what words should he clothe the miserable truth? ^ At this question a feeling of hot indigna tion sRept over the old man, not onlv: that Valdimir Dbsparde had behSved basely, but that he had himself, Guion Monljoie, as pure a gentlemaa as ever drew the brealh oi life, rhould be compelled to offend the delicate: ear of : hss granddaughter ^with a tale of " the evil that is m the world"'—evil thatBhoulduevcrhehroughttoiierlcnow- -ledde. While he was inwardly raging over his position the door opened noiseleBBly and Anelle entered She never left hergrandfather to himself vary long. - She watohedi over his declining life'With much-devotion'as he, ion his "part, 1 observed her failing strength. In a instant she saw the letter in his hand, and the tiouble on his brow. w ';.3S>u have some unpleasant news, Itfearjl? i she .said jn a gentle yoice, as Ibe camo.to tLis • side and put her hand caressingly around his. neck. He lifted his eyes and looked at her. She was swearing .very, deep .mourning for her grandmother.,: Hot a speok ot whito was Visible in all her-dress;;' even her pale yellow : h air . was gathered up .under.a-fiuef thin, black Bilk net; and her little white face, withlts large, blue, hollow, eyeSj looked ghostly in contrast to the blackness of her suit, My idarling, yes.. I-have. .verv'unpleasant 1 newBy that I hate, and fear to tell :you,'' :said; the earl, in a tone of iso much distress that; Arieile.gently drew the letter JromhiB.fingers; and looked at the postmark, „ •!! New York,", she said, fis ishe returned 4t to him. ,'? Ses,.aear-^3Sflw;'Sorl[; and it brings ithe; most painful tidings of—of—" The voice of the earl broke dowa aud he covered his face with his hand • " I .know, I know, near grandpa; I h&vo; known all that you could tell me for more 1 than a month past, so do notdistiess youiself, dear giandpa, and dp not iear for me. I can bear itj" said Anelle, in a tender voice and with the calmness that settled despair, .gives, as she sat down on his knees and. pnt both arms aiound his neck. He uncovered his eyes and looked at her in a mild sutprise and -locroduHt . " Do yon know to what I allude, my child i It seems to me you cannot luow/Mie said- "I know that.Yaldimir Deeparde-is lost to, us forever I know tl at he is married. I have known it fox more than a monthjjhe " And you take it bo qmeUy' That is right, my biave girl I Thanks be to Heaven ! 3 said the earl, with a deep sigh of relief. . • .- Arielle lifted his venerable hand to he? hps but made no other reply '.'How did you obtain the• knowledge, of these facts, that have been hidden from me. so long ?" inquired the earl, after a silence of a few moments "Just before weleftSkol—yes! by the very same mail that brought the detective's letter to/Lord Beaudevere and gave us the joyfalj: deceptive news of—Mr.—Deeparde's sate 1 arrival in New York, and caused.the haron to make that sudden voyage m pursuit of him —by that very same moil, I say, I received a letter from Aepirita Goyle Bat m the excitement of hearing news of—of him, the buotle of seeing our friends ofl, I put her letter m my pocket and forgot all about it for seveial days, not dreaming that there was an thing of importance jn it, afteiwards, when 1 pulled it, out- in orawing out m handkerchief, I o eued and read it It mclueed a letter which Aspirita said she felt it her duty to send me—a letter from— him—Yaldimit-—to hei brother, explaining the canseof hiu euadenflight—eonTeesiog—hie—; Oh, grandpa 1 grandpa 1 Let us sa no more about it J" Ciolaimed Arielle, breaking oS m great agitation, which she vainly attempted to control ' » " I understand, my dear, I quite understand,' raid the earl, laying his nand on her bowed heaoi. " And yon kept all this to; 1 yourself." "* i. " And I should have still kept it to m self had not Lord Beaudevere discovered the facts and revealed ihem to you as he has done in that letter, I presume " "Yes,my dear; but why ehouldyon have locked BUth a-secret in your own'hoEom, and let it prey upon yonr peace of mind and health of bodv as It has done -"' : •-?' J OJii'-gtaa.dpai ,1 .iardly "kuowl 'never. thought^hy : -X-&d; .it.5 -hufrl'isuppose -iroin many reasons—^from a disliko to add a grain ito the ibui'den of yom. 1 sorrowsj'-and—and— fromjeluctanee toexpose—lum."^Oh!gTaiidpapaj;MjUS.- try-to: forget:aErahout it inoAVj- and-let-us^noticherish^anyieehngs-ofl'eseat-- ment..ri-.4fo,ii.-Xrc3cnow-jiyoui-w3lli snotpsdeari ;Uorgive- methat,ianentioned.it:--s3jet«Us live f or.jjeac'h^^'othBr3=-deariigrantoaj>iand~r-.for1i:i : he pooriand.vsufienng-'aipundi'us.v^^f.And^dnftiot -fear.jlor ime.B.iIsshall .>coms..-iight«m-,tmie;l'.; = conquer hei ojsrai emotions t ^ | f. '.'.ghajifrs, :niyigood-.and,.hrave girl'lUriSaid, ihe..61d^entle^nan,-.'^ressingca"3nss.wpon:her brow * ^aromi;hi6aay.foTth ;the jiame.of S^aliimii, BespaMe-\wdB:-aev?rsi:mentione.d-:at ffllontjpie, " "" Ibecame'almost ^eparable c aoQmp^onSi?j-:f~^ s v^hey .^enVout^^ireaSi.ded'among.'iheii' ^nantfy, :^but-.".had^erySiew:3tiallers.-^.t.' the m.-thcir : monmig-room—41ie;eai'l rcadmir.tliG isilkiflower-«nihi^ideiy^hafehaa.-iibeen:sC9m.-; fmenepd^hy; -^lferie^graiidmofiiere^a^-^servant. ^mtereiC banging aboard j'sf, t^jja Bpumosf^oiiffl" * e} f>.j mediately,!' the'old$aii, *tth a look of !pleasjiiefl®u^'.5.as#i^6mot#righfeneds,iiflB. ®ountenan(se;&&wab.5j;:3np?il^s& jjf- AiillleiSiMe^jito see it ^jf^i ipiy -dear,. and 4etaia'him tp .-dinner, More/so;.-s^cwtM.!much:fo;fmihesBdays;<s'ii: am glad Delias called Very glad." CHAPTE.B XXIX. BBBPIIM} TO DOOM What had she done 1 To see lier -vouth her beauty and Ifr 'ovc .-, .iKO'Soonergiilnf-.^ibut«Hghtett:and-betrayea.iii.s .. And like a rosp. juet ^atb(;red from the stain;, y.. But x>n]v:smelt, then chcuply i Jirown it^iufi, •: lo wither onthe ground. —Brtdxh. 'Bbahdon Oojclb possessed no power if loving purely or lastingly He had inherited from lus. anocEtry a selfish, passionate and 1 impetuous nature /. . -He,; a very dftrk hrunette, .had beBn at- :tracted to thofair blonde, Anelle, as to hiB opposite—his complement He had fallen in "love" with her clear .opaline * complexionj;hor: light,rgolaen-hued ihaiv,,her-softrblue -eyes; ! and iher.petite and graceful form, •with all ihe -externals of-let personality, not withthe girl herfielf. Ho called ibis inclination love,-because he Il- feliWhatiloraiMRllyiisKiS \- « >» « - H ous.;Hehad:onlyto5eethemaiden'fl.!l3eaptv wane nnder the influence of sorrow and illness to fee J his atdour coot towards her, and he had only to meet auDther joung woman in whose person the external attractions of Arielle wete'mtensified, enlaiged, and coar ely exaggerated, to fall into an infatuation even, if possible, more aggravated than that of his frenzy for Anelle. And . such a Yenus he had found in -the lowest ranliB of I fe m Christelle EeUj our " MiBBing Link," He did not care for her rndeness, Jier ignorance, her poverty or her low birth, because he never meant to marry her, but he worshipped her superb form, winch, com ; paied to Arielle's, was as Junos to a sylph s, and her orilliant complexion of damask' iose and Bnow- white lilVj~hei bright sapphire blue eyes, and her golden red hair. Uitwashis very ideal—no! not his ideal; for: he had no ideaB—ibo t Kit wbb, to his eyes, the : very masterpiece of nature—the perfection of: female beauty; and?so hepursued'the poorji handsome simpleton as remoreeleEsl as the iwild beast purBues its prey; ^ut-all "the same he meant to' marry -Lady- Arielle Montjoie, . The daughter of an hundred earls, " the wealthiest heness 10 the north, and a prospecti e countess in her own right Therefore, as soon as otitjuette permitted him to .do so, he orove ovor to Castlo Montjoie: to call on the aged nobleman^ and was cordia'ly received, as we have related in the last chapter. But when he saw what ravages even the last few days had made n the fragile form and face of Arielle, his indifference towards her was succeeded by a feeling of absolute repulsion. What possible charm could this white skeletonj this oohweb form, thiBmere transparent chrysalis of a woman, have for him who had seen the glorious Kil' He required all his powers oi dnplicity even to he frieildly with his .young neighbour. 1 He declined the earl's cordial invitation to dmcer, on: the plea of a previous engage-: ment—which did not exist—and after a short visit he took leave, politely accepting the old nobleman's invitation to comeasioften ashe could make it .convenient to do so. Ugh 1" he said to himself, witha shudder, as he mounted into his dog-caVt, and started his horse. " She gives me a chill! She makes me think of nothing but death and the grave' " How incredible it'seems to me now. tha t only a few months ago I was so madly, m love with that girl that I was ready to: blow my own braiDB out at the proepect of losing hei, and schemed to marry her then even more for love than for interest or advance ment j though I was not such an idiot as not to think of them even then. To have been so madly in love with her ' k She an object of love 1 But then she had not fallen away to mere skin and bone, nor had I seen the grand Christelle! SAc an object of love/ indeed! Why, Bhe inspires thoughts of death—not of marriage 1" I niust mairy her, though,-for all that. But, really, I must gradually get used: to seeing her. X could not staj longer m her presence to-day. She and the old man £11 me with a sort of fear and horror They make me think of my latter end—me, who have not the comfort oi 1 elief in any hereafter ' But I muet try to stay a little longer the next time I g° to see them. It was the shbek of eeeing hei that upset me so this time. I Bhall be more self possessed in future. Ah. it is evident that I am all .rights with the earl < 1 have only to Bail in and win 1 H ever a girl was flung headlong at a man by her relations, that^gitl is flung at me. - • • ' Well, 1 have no objection. She is a' counters, or she will be a countess in her own nght, with a large estate ; and I happen to know that she is blameless in the mysterious affair of her biolren-off marriage , hut it is not every man that would marry a living. skeleton-with questionable antecedents, even jf sue is to be a countess, and so forth. Hallo! 'Holdup, Snap 1 Don't break my neck down this steep, while I am building, castles in the air I" This last to JysJbpse; after which he ceased breaming for tlie time being,^and carefully guided the animal down the dangerous mountain side. , • Tiom this day the visits of Brandon Coyle to Oastle-iMonlJoie : became, more freqpent. . He wp.s al aya waimly welcomed by the old earl and civilly treated by the young lady. Poor Arielle, overwhelmed m despair by her past, was perfectly indifferent as to her . future Her one only care in life was, to please her aged^ grandfather. When she - saw that ie waa v yeiy cordial to Biandon : Coyle, and that he wished Jier to be so, she became friendly m her mannei to the young man This was not difficult, because she .really did not dislike Coyle, and the: leason -syhy she did not do so was'hecausB, the'/great..gulf'!; that.Bepai'atedieivgop.d' spirifc fromhiB.^vikone-prevented hei- from perceiving.the- iieal;Belf:of::ih6;-man.-fc.;Her, ! perception of him went very little deeper han Jibe i-eeogpition of a, handsome, dart man m a weU-fittmg. smt of . clotheBj and withiconventionalmanners,; »nd rso^ATielle,: who was ignorant of the ..true meimng ot marriage; i ! waBJ5qually:careless.,whether:her unhappv jife Bhould-«nd .m ^eatha va^cori-, vent, or wedlock. She did not puBjpept 7jls aspirations; piranons , s j^/i; Brandon Goyle was not elowvto perceive ; that his veause .fras iBecuxe .-jSt-wiceepB jmdthe..: Jiandexif the fnepdly old finrl with hisindifferfnt hut obedient grandchild. He Ittew that, ieventually, he had only Jo I solicit the hand of Lady Anelle iiom Loid Altofaire.an orderreceive it, 'but ie knejv also tthat> the Montfoies were igid observersJjf the etiquette pf mourning^^nd that in reep^ct to the deceased, CojinteBS he- :wu%tewaitiav.proper:4;ime;|3eforeiiasking'.the:i hand of her granddaughter in mamage He inwardly -fretted at fhip unavoidable delay- Be Sell that in Jfifs pasf'gapst ^emS phaUcally, j* delays "here. dapgefoiTsjj drended the -result of Yahfimiri jD "jsparde'fl visits io "Sew 'Qrleans/ 'Be Jiad -»bead^ written to that unhappy, yonng map.incloping to h m Ijheiorgedlejlerpurportlbg to have.come. from Lady Arielle ,Montjoie io Miss Aspirita'<3oyle, lo pnhounce ihe^appreaphitig.lJe'tiotlial of her JaUyship Jo fr 1 I r in N I Uhutr adUth I tL jhad received no answer "to that'lsller, and he •waited anxiously for it. < Meanwhile, as he was no longer in love with ihe4ading "beauty, hejva® no *xacttnfe wooer. Had he been t.ti, She then might |have/discovered^Ais;5ntentK)ns?;a , ndftier!Ow.n; ,aversion ana shrunk irom {hie ebciety , bur ias:!itrhappened, he wasfspperieotly-cool in 'her presence that no "l?mich gentleman iS08lang;the hand'of a;noblti"dcmoieello;could -have -been »more )T6yerehtially'distantin'htBtm^hner than was Coyle t64be lady whom be wished to many, theiefore Arielle wa .never' startlecl intb any:feoling»'ofi revulsion 1 from.him ; -on-itheicontraryj-She,.!waB grateful? for his frequent visits, because they pleasedher grandfather. ' ; But though he was no exacting lover, he was certainly a Tery anxiousfand impatient aspirant, and as time passed and no letter, came fiom Yaldimir Despaide, his anxiety: and impatience increased Desparde might have gone,3o New Orleans, invesliigated'.lihe:historydof.<tbat>old<orimeiandS its expiation, -and . -discovered -Mjis:whole i the Earl of Altofaire" ana j^mstate himself in the favour of Lad Arielle It stood an the interest of Brandon Co Ie to hasten his ..matrimonial affaire as mueh ible If only he could be once fast maiTiedJ- io.vLadyvsArielle.MonljojerTTwhyi-" then, whether Yaldimir Desparde should, make any. discoveries iia -.lfew. Orleans or not, or whether »he-i.Bhould come- back^ to reveal them or not, 7iEJfBrapdon Coyle, as the husband ot Lady Arielle, could defy them all. They .might all loathe and scorn him, hut they.scould .not mjureihim materialiy;,' for . thejr.= action would ]be lestramed by consideration for his wife At length. Coyle : could- jestram his impatiencemolonger. f ear spurred-Lim on y soone day iin the eaily..®utumii,:^bout..tw.o months from the decease ot theicountess, he came to • Castle eMontjoie^and-sent his' card in to the .earl, desiring a private interview. He was at once admitted:and«shown into ihe stately library, where the old nobleman soon joined him. The meeting between the two was as cordial as ever;.: . .The .-earl -suspected ;the' oBject of the visitj -and -did -all that : he 1 could to smooth the way.of the embarrassed • young suitor to tHeproposal he.had, doubt-: leasj come to make. - . - ^ . , Yet, notwithst-andmg the friendly and even fatherly manner ot. ihe 'earl, and hiB own consummatei-eelf-conceit uand impudence, Brandon •Coylesaesperienced an un- * eipeetedhesitationiand -difficulty m.putting the momentouS^^question?-not .that he was troubled by any doubts ;as to av favourable: answer, feut'simply >beeause he could not-at onceifind words m which tfe frame his pioposal At length, however, he spoke. • • , . "I have . come, • my. lord/ to ask the greatest boon that you have to bestow,' ! or • that I could receive," he said,- and there he stopped short. , - . "You refer to:my granddaughter,":said the earl; m a gentle tone. • — :• "Yes, my lord; I refer :to your-lovely granddaughter,'.'-he answeredj- vulucking up": courage. • have.loved .lhe:3iady Anelle from- her'childhooditothis'dayi'priovedher. long and hopelessly until the day >of herbioken marriage—" . " Fray.dovnot speakof that 1"'nervously exclaimed'.the earl.v".":Let tbat be .forgotten as if it had never been'' Brandon "Goylebowedandkept silence. The old earl resumed: Cortamly.' my -young neighbouryl lmve not misunderstood nor disapproved the object: of your frequent.visits'to f,this house, nor do I doubt that your smt wili be acceptable to my child. It is her happiness that I must chiofiv consider." . . :• . " And it is her happiness that shall be the oojeot. of my.,:hfe . to ,promote," added Brandon Coyle, with all the earnestness be could simulate. " I am sure of that, and I would rather bestow my. : child: upon ..you, a young . man, whom I have known from boyhood, the nephew and heir, of a near neighbour, than uponaoy stranger,- whateverhis rank, wealth,; or title:, forsI'inow,ihat:with70umy child's domesticpeace.:and.rwelfare will-be secure;'.', ^ "I thank you foi your good opinion,my dear lord, believe me, it -shall ever be my ambition lo deserwit 1 have, then, -jour lordship's permission to speak Ho Lady Arielle 11 ' said Brandon Coyle, with a secret shrinking from the declaration of love to the lady even greater than be bad experienced from the proposal foi her hand to the carl, " Yes—yes," replied the old -nobleman, slowly and thoughtfull " Yes, unless, perhaps; you.thmh it might be.bBttBr lor me' to speak to her first. You see, my dear Brandon, no young lady xiould have passed through such a tr al as she has suffeied without eeriouB injury to her nervous system: I would rather be the first to speak io her on this subject" . -> r \- Now this wasiexaetly;, what Brandon. Coyle would .have preferred,,since it; wonld:.telieye him from all embarrassment. He was, there ^ fore, perfectly sincere • when he answered t; v " I thank you, my dear lord. Iifeel sure that your idea is wise and good, like all youi: thoughts, il thank you very muoh " \- "And you may come to-morrow for your answer, which, I feel quite uure, will be a favourable one. Yon .need have no^anxiety on Coyle bowed very "low, and then, as he understood that the carl wished at once to eOnsulV'with i'hia granddaughter, bade adieu and departed, J U-'he old noblemarij left alone m his library," i eat back 'in his -chair and reflected. • :: !.- "•"Tteas really a very'wortby yoaiig genUeman. Not, certainly, 6t the exalted lank 1: should once have demanded m the aspirant' for jihe hand of tny } granddaughter ' a'nd: heiiess nor which he birth and fortune^ entitle her to expect, hat a verj-hononrable* country gentleman, upon whom we can rely, and when a man reaches my age, having seen;- allhis kith'and'iiudepartforthe otherhfe,'h6j -begins to.thi»k"lesB;of the extfernal igrandeurjj of this world and more of the interior,, treasures that constitute real happiness Yesfi jm"60ntont:thatm^:child:shall:he:the; wife of JIr/JB/imdon Coyle Her Bon, if she;; and'carry^down-the-old title-wonon-the fielcf: oi Hast/ngs. But the old name of Momjoie . must diel Np, by the'way.jit mustbiot'Wr shall npV) "The young Jellojv must asfeuW: thSjUame and arms of Mi^iijOie if }he marryf! my ^granddaughter and v Edle ^heiress That c^nTie easily enough accomplished ^iAnd: no^'Sor iny 'interview withj.Arielie,-lie . 1 sailcl,' 1 ioucWpg hisjiell. - r* " '^hnll footman immediately answei6d,it.;| •« Send Lady JUiello's maid lo her lfedyabipi- witjbi my wish to4ce hhTxefe?' " The fpotman bowed and Vi^hdrew •* Jt jln a IFe^'momants lajy krielle eutCM^: i t - . ^ ( blackness oi her mourning dress. ^ " ^fwiawmS sit'downlieSiaeme, lovs.' Can jaa)iaeBB wjby 1 hire jsenJ for youj ind what I luivotoltlluuthir m(,iii,n, th? "Id nobleman, m he J Slew a^hair ifShis tide for the atMiamoiMtiPn cf loc' pan||aug%r. > " J hL* j. & IZt g , Quelle ,shpok,i]Li ?olden-haned ii.au aB 3 =he ciatcd hcr-clf by ran. . V s ' iYoung Brandon Coyle has*]ust "me;, - ^'^Yel^^pond^ ihe^fi^d^erefltly.] ' " Ay, and we have had a cerions ialk Can ypn surmise its pUrporl?" he asked, meaningly. «a " No,.dear grandpapa,' ^she -replied; dimply / •and sincerely, t" Indeed, can you not ? That is-sljange' Now, try to think what oould have brought "him to a private interview ( with your old granddadd this morning '* 1 "I—don't—Inow," answered Ariellp, slowly and thoughtfully "WaBitapy—any thing,, about •. the h6unds?. I know he ilid want one of Stella'^ puppies I", c - •" You lit tle goose 1 : If you were mot the soul of sincerity I should think you were playing a part 1 Now, Arielle, is it possiblo that you do not know- what Brandon oarno tome for this morning ?' "Indeed Ixlonot, grandpa, unless it was: for the puppy " " 'rut 1 tut 1 Whv .should I have called yoif.into consultation; ;th'en? -What have you. to do with the kennels So you oannofc. guess what he came to me,for this momingj* fWhy, my child, -what has he been. comiBgi'totkehoUBBfor.-.dtiEingithelaBtthree ©ut ofr neighbourly if ritndship for as, aear| G andna, I-hnow that, of oourse " "Is .it.poseihiai yoa.can ?iiave ' been Eo: bhod' Has the delicate self-restraint of the younc lover so utterly deceived you?" earnestlyWquired the earl, " Oh, dear grandpapa,- what do you mean questioned-.AHelle.-uneasily. : •"•- • ' *- : " Young Coyle has been oommg to-sec yon,, -my: child. We both 'thought -you- 'surely knew.that 1 But you ; -have been : so deeply absorbed m yotir own troubles;- Arielle, that youihave : taken very little -notice of others. I fear " "Oa, dear grandpapa,-please-do not say that;-for -indeed: lihave thought - of you.' constantlv; and:rinimy>heart I bave been very grateful to Mc. Coyle for . giving us so much of hiS'Company.'iirl'have.deemed it very kindiof' j him to leave gayer society and spend sb mscb of his time with two such sad ones as yon and myself-j rifor lihought it::must be E,very dull. for him,; ibut . indeed I never imagined that he came to see me particularly," said Arielle tfiCShat iwas beeauseiievwas .so delicate ,and reticent; so much so,, that perhaps even I : should mot -have suspected the object, of rhis visits ..had.-I-not-known-enough, of -human nature to be very sure that he did not come to ;see-an octogenarian like me .where, there was aiyoung girl;like you m the house. Well, mv fdear. phild,:.the .case .is this :,:Young Brandon Coyle came to me to-da to ask> permission - to < address., vou with a . view,,to marriage: I told him that I approved his' suit;-but would speak-to you -first. • Now. my child, all il ihave' to Bay : is this : We know the yonng man and his family. - They have been our niear neighbours- foi many years. We :oan;jrely;upon him;'and-upon them. I So, myrflear-rArielle, if you «aa.'!ike this' 'young . man well enough to marry him; I'shall feel very ;glad.-. A greataweight. of care will be lifted from mv mind;'.sfor^youKknow, my child,- that i amiveryriold and:infirm; l BO that: the time of my departure r draws.-near, and I feel a keen anxiety,at ;the !ihought-:of leaving yoa alone,. unprotected,' youthful, 'innocent, and inexperienced, an easy prev to the®elfish, mercenary and designing.-: To be sure, I could appoint guardians for you, who would look after you. and -your fortunes' nntil youi majority, at tho age of twenty-one.; bnt afterwards ? , No, my., child, I.shttll never die.content ^untiU see you marriedi" " Would- my marriage- to Mr; Brandon- Covlo content vou, dear-grandpapa ' gravely and tenderly inquired .Anelle.' v - -•- Yes,fmy child,;.:itiwould more than con- ; tentme; it would perfectly satisfy me ; : set my heart completely,at reati'i in-'a word, it would make my last days very peaceful,"; iearmstly-'rephedithe'oM'-noblemani.-jj!! .;- mi . " Then, dear grandpapa.-I willmarjy Mr. Brandon Coyle, and you may tell-him so," said Arielle, simply. "You are a, good: childrand; .1 :hopBrand believe you imilitbe -a. good tand .happy r wife, my dear," said the: earl.'drawing her to hiB bosom, and kissing her fondly. „',* But, my girl, ^ourt lover must >take your-.answer irom yourself." r.; • --" Gli, >no,. .no, no.. P.leasa.- you telkihim grandpa 1" exclaimed Anelle, suddenly,'kissing him, and then- running out.of the room ; for Bhe could.no longer control the anguish of her Jieprt, which, as soon as she reached the privacy of her own chamber, burst forth .w a storm.of passionate sobs<and : tears. , . : /Meanwhile'-'the-.-oldvearlvUnsuspioiouso! th6 great, silent sacrifice hi granddaughter had made to his feelings; rubbed i hisifhands together aod.ohuokled, after ihe manner of the very aged. " A qu er couple of lovers as ever I have seen 1 He prefers that X should make hisdeclaration.^ iove.^to :Aa»Ys£fe.anRbes me tb > convey -her. •'acceptance ,to;i7»m'.- They ~.vi&x; me, an old grey-beardfof ieighty-five. to do ail • the .love-uiaking between them, It- .was not Boiwitii meiand my -Oonstanoe.:- 'Wa did oav." 1 courting. and ..kissing ourselves. . Bat that iwasm the ignorant.old times, ,before, modern mprovements were invented. ..Now everyhing is done -by,-.machinery;, even..:-, love-/ making hy the intervention of a third party. Ha, ha, ha 1" And the old man laughed feebly at hiB: feeble jest, because he felt so happy in the probable.accomplishment of his wishes; i - The,next morning. jBrandon: Goyle came if 0^ 'his answer; Ha was.at once admitted Jo the presence o^:-the old j^earl, \yho : waB: already Seated that in the library, .waiting his . visitor, score.' and who arose anaradyanoed to,'.meet .him- witia: ontstretohed band and cordial 6mile,:Baying': " Good moimng, pay eon, foryou ere to the my son, -one: or twoa-emoves.. ^Great-grand son-inilaw is.rather too long:a.formulaof. relaj tionship for common u«e Even my greatgranddaughter only cailp me grandpa 1 Good morning,my dear boyl »-:;I4iav.e nothing but' good news foi you to-day. Take a seat and: tell me "how you find yourself " O Very well and happyv^ .thanks, my lord. I need not leturn the question You look remarkably hale " <l Ay/ 'ay, 1 feel better this morning;* besides being m excellent spirits, *by Bympathy. : with.thehappmeBB-Jof::,mygirl.and 1 boy'."' "" " Thanks, very much, my lord And Lady Arielle ?' , >4 Bhe is in "the drawing-room awaitinjj you" , r " Hay I go to her at once u, , Cer£ainly, I could not be bo uuieason. able as to expect you .tp stay.Tiere .with me undei suah circumstance , norgo(ciuelas to. pSAPXJEB, XXX H n .DJCISIOS. JIp me, safliticte/or rather widowed mud, 1 j \- ttne-wfiotllanccd a long time before. -ABciBa'credplcl3g£B:llcbotUMok:aiid gJiVc;-:; ': ; :->Farse:vctoa ( loVa,'iiiifamous'and-,for<iBworn...: ^ , , . , - SIEHCEH Oh.-Slaer Jhau the wind that freezes a i ^"TdntttBtBStroaoe In Sunshine plo ed, -•- Ig-i.hatiCOng:ealiii^:paDg wllicti ncize&- lho txusiingilioaom when betrayed ,—MooRi: Jltf Jt ? 7 1- ~ ' . ^ e ypjingOTan, who fejt himseltinow At home in^the house went immed ately to the diawmg room, jysiieie he "found Arielle reehmng'-m a deep fashioned resting chair, audi, looking'-ihinner, whiter, more tianfe parent, more like an empty chrysalis than ever l o e E o r e , ' He^oluffot vigorous animal hfe,. was chilled hyhfeiSspc^aB e6me persons'are r, hilled hy the presence J)f a corp&e.; it chilled aqiared some^fibrt to^iggy off ibis f«ehug a he went towards her, took her limp, coid: hand, and said " Good-morning, Arielle." " Good-mornmg," Bhe responded, mfamt tones, and lifting her dim, blue eyes to his face. Again the shivering repulsion overcame him; but he rallied his spirits, and said; as he dropped that chilling,hand ,: " Your grandfather has authoiised me—" Then he stopped, in a strange emharlassment, looked around, drew a chaii to her side, seated himself, and began again " The eail has told me—the earl was ie quested by me—" And ,lie stopped again.-. :••..,. . :•;. Arielle's>faded blue orbs wandered towards. his face and fixed (themselves upon • it in exr pectatioc, love, you muBt know what I would say 1' he exclaimed, m desperation „" Yes," said the girl, with the calmness iof..utter,{maefference; ^:my grandpapa, told, me that you would like to marry me, and I answered that I would consent if he wished me to do so " fegf"' very well-acted rapture, aalie jnov.ed to:,-embrace her , but she put up both hands, with a gesture of repulsion, saying Don't please ' Please don't t" " Forgive me," ho murmured,, as he fell baok in bis seat with a feeling ot -iehef; for he did not really, wish "to fold that living death-to his highly vitalised bosom. How. to talk to her now he did not know ; buta.greai fear seized him that she might die before he could-make her> his - own, .and with her all the grand,advantages that must come m her train. 'For that reason, as well as others that have, been mentioned, it seemed highly import ant to him that the marriage .should take plaoe as soon as possible. ' Perhaps the earl : might be induced,to forego the strictest obser . vanoe of the mourning etiquette for the, old countess, and. consent to-a very quiet and unostentatious marriage, without cards, without. bridesmaids,! or. any other pageantry beyond the ceremony in the chapel to make • their present betrothed a binding union. These thoughts, , together with the neoes, : sity of .saying.-Something,-? .and: the difficulty of finding,anything. elBe to say to a girl from £ whom bo secretly shrank, and who evidently . shrank from him; impelled him to inquire, in -too moet tender tones-he could simulate : . "And when,- my love, shall be the happy, day that will make us-one ?" : • Oh, I don't know. Isn't it early .yet : for isuch a-question-she inquired, languidly. • " It may seem so to you, my angel, but to a lover's^" he. began ; but she interrupted him by. saying, Btill very-languidly :.-. , ,-.".Wellj fchen; ! don't care l "Whenever . grandpapa pleaBePi": ' - - . • : n ". But, tmy dear love; it is ^yourself who t r.'f'Jfc is:to please-grandpapa that I marry 7V0u.-,.He must have his own way.- -Now; , Mir. Coyle, will you excuse me ? I - am very itired,:andl,.must go .and- lie down,'' Eaid .Anelle, rising feebly, andstretchingout her wan hands to the tops of "tables and'backs :of: chairs to-support her tottering steps as she .glided, ghost-like, -from 'the room.- ; •:",Sheas dying.!- I- wonder .the earl does -not-see it-! But he is nearly blind,' and :heBides, i the - change has come on so gradually that he, who is always wjth her, .cannot'appreciateitasI do! Dying!" he ;said to himself, as -he -looked after her, too deeply shocked and dismayed and too much absorbed ini his • own 1 unpleasant sensa tions - to thmt-ot offering Jher the assistance' she needed until she had passed out of his* Bight. .' Then he - started up and left the-room by one ;r of 'the -French 'windows of. themodernised drawing-room opening upon the : garden. : He felt the necessity of.a great deal of ifreshauv Then he wished to go . to Lord Altofaire, as the referee of Lady Anelle, and try to get the wedding-day fixed ; hut, having bidden good-bye to the earl that, morning, he did not feel- privileged to antrude upon him again the same day. After walking up... and down on ihe , terrace for a tew .moments, he .called a. igroom that was passing m the garden below and ordered his dog-earfc to be, brought around, and when it .was ready,.he jumped into it and drove, home.. • He arrived at. Caveland soon after the. luncheon hour. He was very hungry, for be was gifted with a great- appetite, and hp had eaten' nothing since breakfaBt. He .would have ordered luncheon immediately from the ibutler had not his sister,.Aspirita, been.on the watch foe him and arrested him la the hall. Don't stop-me now,-Aspirita ; -I'm a famished wolf !-'• he,exclaimed, attempting to. A brush by her into the. liming-room. Can't help that I J haye something here that 1 think. will stay, your ..stomach—a foreign letter," said the young woman. Eh!" cried the man, suddenly pulling himself up A letter from America, and evidently; from Valdimir Desparde I Come with me into the. mornmg-room-^-there- is; no- one/ there— and read it" He followed.her into a spacious apartment, m the back of the building, ana they sat down together on the sofa to peruse the letter. It was very brief and to the point, but it was without date; or sigaature., ..,,>,.. r It ran as follows ' "J. "Your letter enclosing the letter of my: lost love to your sister reached me in due {time several weeks ago " It should have been promptly answered, had I been capable of writing. ^ :^:"'Bat;ahimy:fri8nd,I-:wa8weakerthan: yoji thought me. Yery much weaker than I thought myself. loughtto have beea.qlad of her .recovery.'- from the shock and sorrow of thai brosen. wedding, which muet ovtrshaaow and oppressvmy whole futuie life with gloom an J misery I I ought to hjve rejoiced in Jier. prospect of happiness. ""But, ob, my dear Brandon, I am but human I I am "but ilesh and blood < AndsthiiB'igijve iway; beneath itbe . overwhelming, ; stunning blow' Think what it must have been to me to j.read suoh words as these, written by her own : hand;' and, now, utamped iudelibly oasmj: hehrt and brain I feel• that jt. would be degradingito .nie. to teaste cdore thought on one who haB proved, himself so utterlj false, baBe, treacheioue;. so I have consented'tdTeBeive the at'entions iof a gentleman approved-by%i grandpaients ias entirely worthy of esteem.and affection.' "Brandon, do you wonder that 1 lost: consciousness and reason for awhile' Or. that I lay dangerously ill for weeks in a oity hospital, to whioh stranger hands' 1 Conveyed me after baying picked me up insensible m the lobby of the post office, wheie 'I had opened and read that terrible letter? »;< "Thisis the first day that I'have been permitted to sit up and write, and this letter tp you is the ihrst Jesuit of my restored privileges. s " J -write now to explain my |ong, involun-- tary silence, to tell you these things, and to sj\y—mpy the Lord'blessjierin hernew union: ^nd In all -.hpr Juture life, whatever may/ rbecome*>Jfjne:?A „ "that's bill Poor -dev'll" mutteied: Brandon <3oyl^Sljn contemptuous pity,'as hie' ^folded i the letter up-again. ^ „ j " A-nd^iotTpneTSyprd ahoUt>mej" esolaiuM |Aspmta, diB^tepJediy. i Why, Asp ' Can't you r give a man a little tima to get over the shoclc of his disappomtment aboat one woman before yon: expect, hiai totthink about another?" demanded .Brandon, abruptly, '" Hestakes a-great deal of time. It ias - been: nearly.- five .months since: that , broken., marriage" t > "Well, we' ean't.hurry :him,: anyhow,''1 replied .-the young, -man;, as ihe went iotithe chimney-place and threw the letter wtoithe > fire that. had.JDeenivhghted-inithe.grateitor temperthe clnllmouctainairof-that,.early October day " What did you do that for 7" " Because suoh^a . letter, as that: :ia ,a. dangerous thwg to keGp in.the-possesBiou of ths. maa v:everyway. worthytof .esteem. sad affection,'-.who :is ; about';to:-,-marry .Lady Anelle .!-• I t wonder ,-what Desparde, .poor iwretch, -would-think iif he knew.-- that .it.was hiB- -dear - friend: -and >• confidential . correa-, pondent,Brandon: : Coyle;.. who... occupies that enviablepoBitionf'.he inquired;-with a, laugh »" ' By the way, how goes on yourVoomg of ihe earl's heiress7'LflueBtioned Aspirita. : married with the full consent and approbaition of Lord-Altofaire, Vsaid .Brandon;. jauntily. : .. „ . 1 '.'^In- dccd! And you,, never:told me! Sinoe ;when, pray-?" . . . . ,. ,. ; i " Since eleven o'clock this morning,: which accounts for my not having communicated the fact last night, or previously." , Bran,?I wish you joy. A countessm her ovjnright!" " Not quite.,yet—not till,,the old man ' shuffles off the mortal coil!'" "Well, -but soon, to be a countess m her own right! Only, mind you, Bran, m your case and hers she will take precedence of vou on all public occasions I It will not be 'Mr. and Mrs. Brandon Coyle, but it will be • The Countess of Altofaire and Mr. Brandon Coyle!' A small second fiddle for a man of spirit to play,- as; it 1 : appears , to me, Bran 1" ,:•': .' ' '- " I ,don't see it 1nthat.l1ght.lt is the etiquette, where 'a: commoner marries a peeress, or wherever the wife's rank is higher than tha husband's—as, for instance, the Queen and Pnnoe Albert, the Marchioness of A. and Mr. H. And, besides,-there may be nuoh a possibility as to get a reversion of my wife's title in my favour by Royal letters patent* creating me, im, m consideration of my mairiage with the • last heiress of the Montjoies—even me—Earl of Altofaire," repIied'Brandon Coyle with a strut. " Oh, come now, Sonny 1 Steady!— Your vaulting amMtiou doth oe rleap itself— •Twill tall on t'other side," laughed his sister. , i'vWell,'you'll Bee 1 You'll bob 1" < " Anyway; I congratulate you, Bub. -It is a great thing for you to marry Lady Anelle Montjoie, future Countess of Altofaire in her own right,' even if you neverimount any higher. A great thing: forme, too, .to be the sister-in-law of a peeress 1. I am to be first bride-maid, of course ?" " I don't know." "You 'don't know?' Why, who else should be first bride-maid if the groom's own sisterisnotto.be, I Bhould like to know? She has no sisters." " I do not think there will be any bridemaids. I think the wedding will be very quiet. Scarcely, two months have passed Bince the funeral of the old countess. The wedding: must be very unostentatious. Any parade would be unseemly;" • Oh, of courser-I suppose so 1 . .When is it to come off ??' " I don't know.. Yerv soon, 1 hope." -•'! You' don't know 1 again ? Whv, what do you know.about the matter, then ? I thought atl thiB'Was settled.:' . :;; 'Mt -will be to-morrow, when I-shall have a final interview.: to make arrangements with: the earl." • • • f.'Oh, 'to-morrow!' To-morrow never comes !- And .' there is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the hp,' my brother !' exclaimed' ABpinta; malioiously. . - "Be quiet, Aspl Don't hiss ! I feel very sure of my. game! And now I must have something to eat and drink. Do you mean to keep afellow.here-starving all daylong"?!' demanded the brother, as he arose and jerked the belt cord. " Bring me luncheon here in two minutes! Look sharp 1'- he exclaimed:>.to the servant who answered the' bell.-:. =.« v » The repast was promptly served and Aspirita, leaving him to hiB gormandising, went to her room to take a nap. Early tho next morning Brandon Coyie rode over to Castle Montjoie, where he arrived jUBt before, noon, - He isked for Lord Altofaire and was at : once admitted to the presence of tho aged ; earl, who received him in the old library ; with his accustomed heartiness. . 1 " I hope Lady Anelle is quite well this , morning. She seemed a little indisposed yesterday, I feared,", said Brandon Coyle, as soon as the Jurat greetings were ovjr. " She is.not well, I am sorry to: say. She. keeps her room to-day; and desired to be! excused to you, if you should oall,'.' answered the earl , . . .. .... * I am very sorry 'to hear that. I hope itis nothing serious,said Brandon Coyle. ., I hope not, and yet I think I shall Bend; for Sir Josephy Courtnty.V replied the earl,, naming an eminent London physician, who ' had been made a baronet. I trust you have no grave fears for her: health ?" continued the young man. ." Oh, no. Oh, no. But I think it is just as .well to be on the: Bate Bide,'!, said the. carl, cheerfully. Brandon Coyle then-.remembered what his sister had ones told, him about the " fussy anxiety." .of. the . old,earl and countess over the 'health of their grandchild, that led them,, as she had said, to.summon down a court physician if. she had. but a cold in her head; and after , a little iurtber conversation he came to the main object of his visit, j Lady Arie1Ie: haB consented to bless me with her hand, as.you kmdly led me to hope, that she would, .»my lord,,bat her ladysBip; .has referred me.toyou.to hx the Aav-that,. shall make me the happiest of men/' he said falling into the commonplace beoau e he had iDot.mriiestnesBenongh to inBpire an origmaX 'form "My,dear boy, you must be patient. You are betrothed to Laay Arielle. You are sure* of her, and your suspense is over on that subject. But as to your marriage, that cannot be celebrated for. £ome time yet, except iin case of a oertain event Out of respeot to tthe deceased countess, her granddaughter'smust he delayed for a year, at Jeaat " i " I thought—I hoped—that we might be "married very quietly, without cards, without (bride inaids, without paiade of any sort, and tlierefoie tothout any disrespect to the imomory of the late countess,"' urged Brandon Coyle, anxiously. "No, no, my dear fellow, that cannot be (done.* I can understand and pardon theira- |patiencB ofBv young lover—a bridegroom es poctant-^-whiohwouldnaturallyma'kehimforjgfeUhe proprieties iti life ; butjou must curb jthat' mpatienee, and bethink you of the "St- ! ness fof things -My granddaughter cannot be"" married quietly, without cards, 1 without , 1 bride- maids,' and so forth. She must bB ; jmamed'fwith allthe oeremocies and festivijtiBB befitting the nuptials of the last heiress of the'hoiSBe of Montjoie, and ol the earldom of Altottiire, and therefore ehe canilot ha mamed<w thin the ^rearof tooutnmg'ioi thb I dateicoutiieBB,' 1 ' > [^fv ^ ^ & ctmUtmed,) , " —Steeling • 