? Since the late war a large aumb^-of torpedo boats liave it is neil known, ^seo ] biiHt for the.RuBsian navy, wluch now ''possesses EOMC l20 of them, LU order IO ipractise bolii officers and men m .handling -: tbem, a series of exercises have for some 'months past been earned.on with the boats twelve of them being ill succession 'formed into a flotUla mancEuvredtogether, From the experience gained durinu these exercises, as well as from that acquired •during thefiusBO-Turkisn war, -the conclusions have been drawn that a torpedo attack should never be made with a single , boat, such an attack being only .permissible, under most exceptional circumstances. The attack should.be made on a previously, and caref ully .concerted plan. ; .The boats Should be provided with either Whitehead or spar torpedoes. An attacking flotilla of torpedo boats must be -divided: into: three groups ; namely, a pioueer group, an attacking group, and a; reserve. The. torpedoes should be exploded by means of au tomatic fuzeB, electricity being employed Jonly when these have failed to act. The spars must only be lowered into the water when the engines are slowed or stopped... j wben the boat is stoamiug at full speed they must be kept raised. The attack must be undertaken, by signal from the comSiander of the whole ilohlla, from, several- quarters simultaueo usly. The speed of the several boats during the first stages of thp attack must be regulated by that of the slowest among them. The commander of the flotilla must alwayssbe: in She last boatoftlie teBerve,; and;^finally,*: the torpedoes must be exploded under the bottom -or the extremities of the -vessels attacked. In reference to the man recently found murdered at Wagga Wagga, the police believe that a slight clue exists in reference to a man.murdered. Public opinion urges that the -two detectives should be sent out. An accident of a remarkable kind occurred on Thursday at Wagga Wagga. Some men engaged at ihe tailway extension m blasting ignited a fube then went to dinner. In the meantime a woman, unaware of their action, went to the vicinity for water,'and the blast going off she was blown a considerable distance down the embankment. She did not receive any serious injury, no boneB beingbroken, and the medical men are liopeful of her recovery. Her escape was miraculous. The -Gourt of Probate in England has been .in' trouble over, the will of Dr .Quiunj; a very bright, intelligent physiciau, and, brilliant" diner-out," recently deceased, which has-been disputed; from the insertion, after it was witnessed, of the bequests to a noble lord and lady on condition they did not marry.. Among recent queer wills in -England was one of a celebrated Queen's counsel, " I leave, everything to my brother Tom another was written in shorthand, auotlier scrawled on the bedpost, and another was by a husbaud, who Threatens his- wife, if she -does not carry ou t his will, that his ghost will-haunt her, discreetly adding, " if I can." The sight.-of a man wheeling a babycarriage in-the street is a sign, , not -that the infant is weak, but that the man's wife is strong. And yet. if we were to judge from the amiable grin. with which the fond father, under these circumstances, aalutes every - passing -acquaintance, we might erroneously, suppose he was really doing it just for the fun of the thing. • :• • •.'•' • 