CAVE ADULIA M. CABLEGRAM. From- To Ben. Beaconsfield, Esq., Mr.Cavoed ullm , Downing street, Literary Fossil, London. I Newcastle, N.S.W I .ax afraid, Cave, my boy, that I shell have to come over to your part of the world and give some of the A.L.'s servants a lesson or two in good manners. There is nothing like a strict obssrvane of decorum in publio men, and that is why I always admired Sir TUOVEYDnCP FITZPATnrcx, in your Assembly; his deportment was always extremely correct, even under the most trying circumstances. That is a man after my owno heart. Calm and impenetrable, I look round and sarvey the ruin I have made-bless me, I mean the empire I have established-and am contentl But Sir GEonaE GRay, in Wellington, and Mr. Gaora& BsanY seem to have lost what little sense they had. The first has lost his balaneo, or made Mr. BIALLANCE lose his, and the second has lost his head, and is likely to lose £5000 over a libel case, that in if he's got ittolose. I'mtold that Sir GEORGo threatenedC to have the Treasurer, Mr. ]3ALLAxCE, turned out of the room by one of the common offico messengers, because he would'nt touch his hat when he went in to nask for some postage stamps ? Then that Mr. Ballauce balanced up his accounts and resigned, Now this is what I call playing into the hands of the Maories with;a vengeance ! Why we shall have them resigning next, and then what shall we do for excitement ! But, between ourselves, I'm not sorry for BaanY. IHe ought to have had mor: Esense than to say somebody told him something about which somebody else had heard somebody say ! I don't believe any of his fellow passengers said a word about the Tckgsanplh being squared by the Constitutional Association. It's a difficult thing to Equare daily papers. You think you've got 'ern set, and every thing's all serene, when, lo ! all of a sudden they open out upon you, and your little game is burst up in a moment! Keep away from 'om CAVE, old man. Ever since there have been so many penny dailies id England, my lifo hasn't been worth a button hardly. When we had the good old " ffimes," we could manage to trim her now and then, but lo ! since the army of penny dreadfuls has bean let loose upon the earth, a Psear?'s reputation is not worth the trouble of taking care of, for they're sure to pick a hole in it, if there's a spot there not already torn. Talking about that, there's that pestiferous Sir ReonaT PeaL a haunting mc like a ghost and I don't half like it. You muse know I always had a belief in preseuti ments, and I think-between ourselves, mind you-that this bodes me no good. Whoevepr young. RIon.RT attacked generally ceme to grief. I was turning over my old printed memo. book with your autograph in it, old man, which you gave me when you went to seek your fortune, and I see that in 1851 he attacked Lord Joan RUOSEtL, as he has just fallen on me, and early in '52 Lord Jonn came down with a crash. In 'S8 he had a go in with Lord PaLus~u6srox, and down Lord PaIIesTos went. Then again, in 1885, Lord Jons dismissed PEEL, and., sure enough, Lord Josr fell again. Three years after, Sir RonnRT was heard and seen once more, when down the Tories went. People are now asking if these rows with him and AL5RIT will not lead to a dissolutionl and I tell you I don't half like it. I keep trying to make these young men keep quiet, but they wont. I say to them, " My dear A?LERT EnwanD, ALFnED, and AnTnUm, do let well alone. Every man to his trade. Mine is politics, yours is pleasure; and I think, of the two, yours is often the hardest. Pray don't interfere. If you like, ALBEBT EDwAnn, to preside over a Cabdrivers' ban. quet, and take a few of the elites with you well and good. There's where you shine but sehen you go talking at home about such peppery cures as young PseL, there's where you get misty. John Bull gets his back up, and says he don't pay you to go playing Emperor before the time comes; besides it is setting a bad example to the other scions, and he's not going to stand it. Well, to give Annrn his due, he seemed tcuched, and when I suggested that he should reduce the rent of some of his Cornwall tenants in these hard times, justto square the British Lion, he wept a flood of weeps, and, as he squeezed my hand, he said "Dizzy, my more than uncle, I am in your hands. Be it even as ye will." Now this was cheering, but then comes trouble from Canada. I am afraid that the young MAnriss wont go down with them Cdiaadiane.. You see LoWsE don't hit it with the "Hupper Ten," and that makes it awkward for young Loans. I suppose you have no troubles with the "Hupper Ten" out your way. You are all so dread fully democratic, or at least pretend to be, but I know there are a few who, like LousaE, would wish to be thought a great deal more of than they are; but they go the wrong way about it. People can always see the jay's feathers bhenath the peacock's plumage. As for poor Lounes, you know, those cold, chilly, wintry-hearted newspapers have been giving it to her husband so hot lately, that now she wants to come home to mama; so the old DIIke of Argyle is going t. bring her home for a trip, on on account of her h alth, -utI shouldn't be at all surprised if the MsAntis don't come home altogether before lo g. He isn't strong enough for the place, CAve. I want s man like DvFranm,, but the thing i, where is he ? I have one or two good billets open now for good moen, as they say in the Labour Market, but still the cry is "whore are they ?" Jorx Boun is getting full up of duffers. What do you think of the new Prince of Bulgaria, youog ALYX. AnaDEn? I think he'll do very well, if he doesn't get shot, poisoned, bow. strung, dr drowned in the Bosphorus. before he gets there, on his way from Con stantinople. Roeally, it's hard to say in these times, when a fellow is picking his bit of breakfast, where he'll take.supper! Look at 'em in Russia! My word, Cave, I shan't interfere! WeYo don't want s.y Nihilists or Socialists blszing away in Pall Mall or Whitechapel. An Irish row, now and then, or an election lshindy, just to put a little life into things, isn't so dusty; but, by Jingo, old man, we can't stard daggers and tovol vers ard shooting, anlthough, by.tho.bye, I heard that DAvID TLE nIoAEen was going to shoot JonIYY Toas BIATslslsKITRa in your Parliamentary Wigwam the other day, or at all events talked about it. It would be an awful thing for the country if he was to do it, wouldn't it, for what would you do without 'em both ? I say, you will soon have Loen AUousTus and his three sons with you to open the Exhibition. There will be an eligible opportunity soon for some of your female archers to bring down one, if not more, of these aristocractio blossoms with the matrimonial arrow I But I shall depond upon your vigilance, CAvE, to see that the innocent simplicity they have maintained at a Russian Court will not be sullied by the shady intricacies of Colonial haul teon. Let them be warned to avoid the Assembly after ten, Parliamentary picnics in general, and the Soup kitchen entirely. One of the young follows is Private Secretary. You can hint to him that you are in private communicetion with me, and that if any politicaldiflioulty should arise between the two Houses, such as a dead lock, &c.;, that you have my authority to tell his father to send the whole lot about their business and appeal to the country. Bye-byo. I sent word to CoMnas, to get home as fast as he coulod. He wasn't at Kamschatka, as your friend Sir EEnY thought or wished he was; but at 'Frisco. You see, on his way home he fell in with FRANc GARDNRNa, his old friend the bushranger, who is keeping a pub. in that quiet little city, and, I am afraid, they got hob-nobbing too long. The fact is, they had so much to talk about and so much to arsange for the future, that I can hardli wonder at the time flying away, or the psople being so anxious about Cocrts! Is that true, that two of your most valued and influential members were nearly drowned the other night in a punt crossing the Hunter, after being at a presentation banquet at Ray mond Terrace I What a narrow escape the country has had, I mean, the river-By-bye Hlere's another trouble. Some fellow who thinks he knows a good deal has gone into figures, and stuck it in the papers that the Zulu muddle has cost us more in proportion to the time it has been going on, than the Crimean war did, and says it all lies with Duke GCEOROE, CHELoc?FORD aLd me i I must get up and see ococacEL about this, or 1 shall have DILER at moe again! Bye-bye. 