A Row in Parliament Again. A.T 8 o'clock on' Tuesday night tho Legislative Assembly went into com mittee on the City Corporation Bill. After th^. premier had moved that the committee agree to the Council's amendments in 'the preamble, Mr. McElhonc moved that the Chairman leave the chair in order that he obujd 't*Giftr In t.Vin Atfjtntr'^niu^n nn^n tiihi the other night by Sir Henry Parkes, and in doing bo he would havo to refer back to a few years, to what tho Premier had said of him in Mait land, showing that ho then had a very different opinion of him (&L;\ McElhoneJ to what he oxpicssod the otlior night He had no wish tj draw^Mr. Qarrett into what he was about to say further than he possi bly could, but in justice to himself he .was bound to make the explana tion ho was about to give. With regard to the late action for' libel brought against him by Mr. Garrctt, he would inform the House that on Saturday last he wrote to his solici tors, Messrs, Gannon and McLaUgh lin, and on Monday he received a feply. [He road both lottors.j. On Saturday niubt Mr. McLauchlin came to 4)13 house, and pointed out ^oihwn certain erroneous-stitpmonto modo by Sir Henry Parkls* in his speech against him (Mr. McElhono), and he therefore wroto tho letter which ho had just read, and which evoked tho reply from his solicitors. He had already said that ho did not wish to draw Sir. Garrott into inoro than ho could help in his speech. The hon orable gentleman at the head .of the Government had created a great dis turbanco in the country, and had almost threatened a civil war because the Legislative Council had not adopted his Privileges Bill, lie (Mr. McElhono) had been asked over and over again what had come ovev tho hon. gentleman, for it seemed ho funny that he should deliberately ask the House to pass a bill to restrict mombors from making wild and slandcrousstntcmenls, when he would show, before ho finished his remarks, that tho hon. gentleman had been fined £100 for a wilful and malicious (slander against one Darcy \Vent worth Murray, asserting that Murray had been a party to his own wife s dishonour. He would now refer to a speech made by Sir Henry Parkes at Bast Maitland when in opposition to the Robertson Ministry, of which Mr. Garrctt was a member. He could not say that he was a firm supporter of Sir Henry Patkos, but he always ?voted for the Opposition in order to turn Sir John's Government out, but he never dreamt of supporting that lritrh and mighty gentleman who 'putts' his foot upon this, and ' putts' down that, and who ' putts' his own Minister for Lands out of his chair, the other night, that he might get at this twopenny half penny aftair of his quarrel with tho -Upper House fori'no sake of getting a party at his back. He would now give the House tho benefit of tho opinions expressed by tho hon. ecntleman of him in a speech at East Maitland. (Mr. McEllione then read the speech of Sir Henry Parkes, which abounded with flattering encomiums on the utility of tho member for tho Upper Hunter.) bir Henry said Mr. McEllione had been making some sciious accusations about the disgraceful conduct of the Robertson Government, and alluded to the manner in which votes had been obtained by boozing up with champagne in the Ministerial-room ; but there had certainly been more champagne drinking in the Min isterial room since Sir Henry Parkes had been Premier than dining any other Government. For bin own part he had never taken their chain- ] -agne, having joined hU hon. friend itr. J. Davies with tho Sons of Teinperftnca : but ho had, the other night treated a number of friends to liquor at tho Government expense. But he had never had any at the ex-. pense of 'the Farnell Government ; and lie was unaware that oven tho Robertson Government resorted to the same dodge. In his speech at Maitland Sir Henry had spoken of thWiiiimbfour- defeata tho then Go vernment hsid sustained, and said that some of those defeats had, been so. damaging that; 'I would have instantly resigned.' If wan al ways 'I' with Sir Henry, and. ho was afraid that his ' I' would get into some serious difficulty before long. Then the hon. gentleman- spoke of Mr. McElhone, and said he did not know whether they knotv'him. He would tell the hon. member that his naiue was.welland favourably known by all persons in Maitland. He had never had a ?chequo dishonored. Neither had ho paid his way with two different sorts of cheques. His name was as good as gpld in the Maitland district, and he was happy to say his name was without re proach, -which the hon. the Premior cbuld'npt -Bay. People in the Mai^ land diitnet would takohls yrorA for thousands witboutthescratehofapon, . andhe cquld make agtvsementsl welvo months ahead, and Still he-had never pared his way up King-street, and he toped he ? never would; The hon. gentleman then went on to say Mr. McElhone was, a. young member, and was afraid Sir Henrys then thought him green and ,go1lible — ho then said Mr. McElhone was, in one sense, a very useful .member. ..' He wondered if he thought bo now. (Laughter.) .He ttien-yrent on,. to say, ho would be ^ sorry;; tcBeb' Mr, McKihono out of Parliament — Ito (Mr. McElhono) was afraid ho- would sing quite a different aong now. He would more likely tell them that lie was ft disgrace to Parliament, jiko some evil, cravrli.ig, venomoui ani mal, as he said the other night The hon. gentleman, in his ttpaech at Maitland, then alluded to the 4»r ruption of parties, but in those days the word corruption was pleasant to Sir Uonry, and could anything bo more corrupt than tho brazen facoof the Premier, who stood up and de fended the hon. member for Oatndon the other night, aftor hisattemptfto damn him in the Maitland speech, because ho tried to put him out of Parliament. Now, as to the matter of Mr. Garrett's slander ; if he had slandered Mr.Garrctthewas there tu defend himself; bntSir Henry ParktM had not only Blanderod Mr. Darcv Wentworth Murray and his wife in that House, but ho had pamphkU printed and circulated all 6v»T iho city, but the jury did not bolievo him, and he was mulcted in £100 damogos, for it was clearly shown on tho trial that tho statements tnado by Sir Henry Parkes were untrue, and Mr. Murray's honor was unUrniahod, as wan provod by Mr. Murray1* jotter which appeared iti tho E'vKaing Ne ws at the time. [Ho road the tetter to tho House.] Mr. MoBlhono thun re ferred to the O'Farroll shooting cms, and in doing so, said it wps a well? known fact that tho Premior had grossly libelled ono third of tho whole colony, tho religious portion of which ho was a member. This was similar to tho Kiaum ghost business. Sir Henry wished it to bo beliovotl that there was ono vast conspiracy on the part of tho R -man Catholics to rise up and murder all tlicirfellowcolonistaof the I'lotustint, faith, but Captain Charles could prove the atrocious cliaratlur of tho men who conveyed mucIi absurd stories to Sir Henry, but no matter what were the characters of the men, Sir Henry Parkes swallowed, with open mouth, anything, ho long as ho could inculpate the Roman Catholics, Sir Henry Parkes had ploudud not guilty to Mr. Murray'n charge, on the ground that ho had never liad any thing to do with the printing, but it was proved that ho had forwarded fifty copies of the pamphlet to Mr. J. F. Byrnes. Ho could say that ho had never gone so far as Sir Henry Parlcen had done, who had attacked a man through his wifo having com mitted a great blunder. Ho (Mr, McE.) had nover done «uch a tiling cither in or out of the House. Sir Henry was proverbial, however, for flinging his friends when they had served his purpose, and at the last election, when he and Sir John were defeated for Sydney, the latter was asked to seek re-election, but al though he was no ardent admirer of Sir John, ho could not but admire his upright conduct in declining to do anything that would unseat a friend. (Cheers,') But they had heard Sir Henry Parkos say that the door of political life wan closed against him for over, and he had no. wish to re-enter Parliament. But what was bin conduct when asked to stand for Canterbury f Did he ro fuse? No; like a crawling, venomous reptile of the worst type, hu unseated )-is bosom friend and supporter, Mr. Richard Hill, crawling back to that House most ignomiuiously. Mr. Mc Elhone then referred to a speech made by Mr. Daivall at East Mait land, and regretted deeply that he did not possess the language of that able man to castigate Sir Henry Parkes, who, he buliovcl, studied under Mr. ' Darvall for tlio bar, and when it suited him he turned round and strung him. Whatflid Mr. Dar vall say in hi» Hpcuch, when he Haul Sir Henry had damncdhim with his foul prafse; and for his (Mr. Mc Elhonc's) part, lie would booner re ceive hm abuse than be damned by his praise. Mr. McE, tlion quoted Mr. Darvall's speech, in which hi: referred to tho stratagem of Sir Henry Parkes in getting £u0$0 voted for tho purpose of appointing omigra- - tionlccturei-sathome,andhcmanaged to receive .£2500 of 'tho amount, left his creditors, and took .a trip home, where Mr. Daf vail in his spoech told the Maitland people ho never looked ao well in his life as when strutting ?do wit the' Strand spending their money. Well (said Mr. McElhone), Mr. Darvall spoke of his looks since hi* return from England ;buthe had never ween anything else but ill-looks since he hod cultivated that snowy beard. Mr, 3)arvall spoke of Sir Homy' as a noxious riubjoct to deal with, and he (Mr. McElhone) would consider that, alive or dead, a nanticr ormorohoxiousboJythan SirHenry'a to handle could not be obtained. Sir Henry Parkes, after tho com mencement of Mr. McEl bone's speech, left the Assembly, and after Mr. Mr. McElhone had been speaking for half-an-hour, Mr. McOuiloch ros∧ called attention to stranger?. The galleries were therefore cleared, and Or. McEllione (as his remarks could not bo reported) discontinued hix. remarks, but avowed his' determina- tion ,of following up the attack next day; Tho remainder of the sittings passed off quietly and uneventfully, except that Sir Henry Parkes pro duced a denial' from Sir Alfred Stephens that ho (Sir Alfred) had ever said Sir Henry ought to be tin Cockatoo Island. Tho tone of Mr. McElhone'o speech vrascharacterued by great bitterness, and hu remarks wo.ro full of offansivo jieru^niJitiot}, directed against thuPromioi wilhcin^ vnicuous aniinus. Ho miik- noviiml allusiom to Sir Henry Parkes' per sonal annearanco, and froqnenUy, mimikod his style of speech.— Eroii ing News. The S.M. Herald of WodnesJav writos:— It m Mr. B!nElhonorn boneflt at tho House last t i ,-hl, and the galleries were crowded ; hut if the public had paid for admission (hero would have been good ground for claiming the money back, when Mr. McOuiloch called attention to tlio prosonoo of atrangnra, and the gallories woi« cleared. The junior member for Central Cumberland could hardly have chosen a more opportune moment, if hit oxpioss object !iad beon the diHAppointment of thooagor audience. Mr. Mctilhono VAH in the midst of ' Darvall upon Parkes,' and had reached tho point at which tho late candidate for tin' roprosentation of ISast Maitland had, with sloe you turned up, and an air of inoxprosfiiblo disgust, waid ho wan about to proceed with tlio dissection of a moat unpleasant Hubjoct, The spectacle, however, had ovon then hcon carried on too long lor the credit of tho Assembly and of public lifo in the colony ; and although the origin of it clearly lay in tho extraordinary ? and injudicious 'course takoa by-iJio1 Premier on Friday lost, tlio closo vu brought about in tho - input fitting way oy this virtual admission that as tho laundress was at work in thu House, it was best to havo tho -lonh* shut. It will be remembered thnt Sir Houiy Parkui), last week, in b in Kpecch upon tho motion for adjournment, dwelt with Bpocial vehemunco upon tho conduct of Mr. McElhono, in meeting Mr. Garrott's duclamtion with the plea of privilege , The cor respondence read by Mr. McElhono last night wont to show that tin pleadings wcro not in such a form as to prccludo Mr. Garrctt from going on to trial, and to prevent the pro duction and examination of ovidenco on cither side ; and if that be tho ease, tlio situation is materially altered. Looking upon it in this light, Mr. Garrelt wan not deprived by tho plea of all opportunity of vindicating his character by sworn testimony, although Mr. McKlhono would have beon protected againut suffering loss by making HtatemenU which he boliovod to bo for the public good in the Legislative Assembly. Notwithstanding all that hon hcon said, and may still be- justly Raid, against tho use of defamatory lan guage, upon the strength of mure motions for adjournment, it should not be forgotten that the public in terest might seriously' Buffer if a member who came into the possession of what ho bcliovcd to bp, facets point ing to maladministration or corrup tion in the public Nervico dur«t not venture to utato them openly in tho Assembly, for fear of being cast in an action for damages. 