REAL I -ROPBRTY ACT.— EIGGS Y. McKLLISTEIt. to tits imnvin. Sir — I regret tUat I cannot concur in the view which yon appear to take of the caso Bigs* v. McEllister. .Mr. Jiutice Gwynue's judgment. however ular.sible it mav aucear at nrst siirht. will not bear critical examination : and I faii to see that His Hor.or is at all mor^ inclinrd than heretofore to yield to the will of ther.-'gislst-jrre. The Etniopian ban not yet changed his skin or the leopard his «jx-ts. Li::n ?cripfa ; :ant'. Mr. Justice Gwyune. in a document forwarded to the Ko.il Property Commission, Isl'i, 1M*. .Xo. \i\\), Appendix, juge xi., thus expre*»t:a himself: — ?'The present state cf public feeling forbidding tbe change .suggested (if., the repeal of the Keai I'ro[H-rty Act'i. I would — though in de ference alone to public feeling — leave the law fta it now exists and a.s interpreted in my judgment in the ca.se of Lauge v. Rawoidt : but I certainly would not legalize fraud, as undoubtedly U done by ss.« tion 114 of tho present Act. .* . I woald coutinne this simple .«y.'i«?m (if any thicg so crude, so iH-conceived, clumsily executed, aud unscientific cau be called a system), and accept it with al! ita sins against the science of jurisprudence, contenting ottr selvta with the rejection that it is cheap and simple, and is sufficient for the general purposes of the colonists. I would, of course, compen sate from the public purae nil who are without their own default or neglect wronged by the so-cailed system.' Now really, Mr. Editor, as a member of the Legislature which passed the original Real Property Act, and also of the Legislature which deliberately declined to strike out or alter section 114 at His Honor's suggestion, I feel highly complimented by the Primary Judge's opinion, which in brief is that we were a pack of fools to pass the Act at all, and to boot a pack of rogues to deliberately legalize what Mr. Justice Gwynue regards as fraud. Will any person of ordinary common sense venture to say that His Honor can be a fair Judge and im partial interpreter of a system which that learned functionary has proved himself so lamentably incapable of understanding or appre ciating ? Yon say that in the case Biggs v. McKllister ' tbere is,' on the part of Mr. Justice Gwynue, ' so attempt to repudiate the authority or to discredit tbe value of the Act. The judgment is avowedly bated upon its provisions, which are quoted with a sort of qualified respect.' The same might have been said of Chief Justice Cooper's judgment in the celebrated case Hntehinson v. Leworthy, which was afterwards affirmed by the Full Court to have been an illegal judgment. You proceed — 'In the righteousness of that judgment [Biggs v. McEHiater] upon every ground of equity and honourable dealing, and in its propriety as a vindication of the principles of tbe Real Pro perty Act, the vast majority of our readers, we feel convinced, will cordiiiliy agree. The law prescribes that frauds in the obtaining of a certificate shall be fata' to iudefeasibility otherwise appertaining to such an instrument ; gross fraud is shown to have been practised in this instance, and the cancellation of the cer tificates follows as a matter of course.' We might possibly, upon a cursory view of the matter, go with the vast majority of your readers in the above general view of the case ; but after the admitted illegal decision in the case Hutchinson v. Leworthy, and tbe worse than illegal decision— the absolute failure of justice — in the case Lange v. Ruwoldt, it behoves ui to enquire. ' Is the decision in the present case legal, and if so ia it in accordance with tbe intentions of the Legislature ?' for the knaves and fools whom His Honor credits with con cocting the fraudulent measure may well He supposed to have often failed in their wording to carry into effect their dishonest intentioas. The writer of the present letter was one of those who contended against Mr. Torrens upon tbe indefeasibility principle, thinking at tiie outset that that zealou3 reformer, in common with a great many otner reformers in all »ge», wan attempting rather too much ; btit when a majority of that gentle man's supporters deliberately adopted 'it, he (the present writer) vigorously supported it, and cow for more than twenty years it has bee ? maintained inviolate. It vn-s tbe deliberate intention of the Legislature tint under certain well-defined conditions a man should be dis seised of hiii land without a trial by a Jury, which orthodox interpreters of the old law, like Mr. Justice Gwynne, regarded as rank heresy ; but it was hedged round by safeguards that removed most of the objections to the inno vation. The powers conferred upon the Lands Titles Cpmmifsioners to issue au indefeasible title to a person claiming to be a proprietor plainly implied, and was intended to imply, that there might be somewhere in the world some otb.r person in whom tbe fee-simple vested both nt law and in equity. And to pro vide for such case s the Assurance Fund (clause 23 of Act of 1S01) wss instituted at one farthing iu the pound. Wuich, when tbe enemies of the Act maintained that such cases must necessarily be very numerous, was raised to one halfpenny in the pound — how needlessly we now see — when the Assurance Fund amounts to some £50,000 or £60,0(0, and tbe only valid claims made upon it np to a recent period amounted to no more than iXJOS 17s. 6d. The same contribution was to be made upon registration nuder the will or in testacy of a previous proprietor to compensate any person who might have been deprived of his just rights by snch registration, but the regis tration itself was to hold good. Au exception is made in tbe case ot a person who obtains a certificate of title by fraud; but if the fraudu lent person sells to another, the certificate to that other again becomes indefeasible, aud the person defrauded is barred from recovering the land, but must be satisfied with a necunif-ry compensation from the Assurance Fund. Now this system Mr. Justice Gwynne thinks fraudu lent, but it is the law — it was the deliberate intention of the Legislature, and I think is suf cientjy clearly expressed in the Act. Now let us apply these principles to the case under con sideration. The trustees under McBUister's will, '* who evidently, acted in ignorance of the facts' (that ia, in good faith — no fraud ou their part), applied for and obtained a fresh certificate from the Real Property Office ; arjd, I presume, paid the Jd. in tbe pound as assurance for an indefeasible title. There is not, so far, e?en an imputation of fraud ; the Registrar-General might have made a mistake— tbe very tbiDg in anticipation of which the Assurance Fund was instituted— in which case the plaintiff has a claim against that fund. Cut it is alleged that McEllister many years ago procured a registration of himself through fraud. It is the boa«t of Englishmen that the law of England assumes every Hian to be innocent nntil he is proved to be guilty. Is it just or generous to brand tbe fair fnme of a dead man with the word 'fraud'' upon the mere »o.-e dixit of a paid functionary of the people who does Dot hesitate to impute a legalizing ot' fraud, to the Legisla ture of the province ? Do the f actB justify it ? McEllister negotiates with Gutbrie so long ago as 1855 for the purchase of the land in question, and finds that Guthrie cannot give him a title, and probably learns that tbe naaje* of Freeimn and Walker are in some way mixed up with it. Years afterwards he takes a conveyance, as payment of r. bad debt, from the executors of Mr. Smith of the identical piece of land which Gutbrie could cot sell him in ISoS, and obtains title-deeds going back to Freeman, one of tbe parties whose claim, of whatsoever nature it might have been, stood ia the way of Gtithrie giving him a title. All these facts »re perfectly consistent with McBlIiater's innocence, and cer tainly do not prove htm guilty. Ho was not 'learned in the law,' and had he suspected Cullenof fraud iie might have concluded that a clever practitioner who was li learned in the law' would have been too wide awake to do any thing illegal, whatever tbe moral complexion of bis actions might be, and therefore that he was taking what would be a legal title to the pro perty, for which he (McEllister) had paid full value, and in respect of which Gutbrie, years liefore, h»d been unable to give him a title. We have no right to assume from the above facts that be knew that Guthrie had been cheated out of his property. And, if no, by whom had he been cheated ? So far the charge of fraud is not brought home to McKlliater; and even if it were I fail to see bow that can legally affect the issue of a certificate to the trustees after his decease. That, if erroneous, was an act of the Registrar General contemplated, by the Legislature, and for which the latter has provided a pecuniary compensation to the aggrieved piny. The Primary Judge Bay think that the Legislature ought not to have done so, but havioi; done so in opposition to His Honor's opinion tbe mere interprtter' cannot lawfully set himself above the makers cf tbe law. The intentions of the Legislature appear to be dearly expressed in the Act. Clause 33 says: — 'Every certificate of title . . . shrtl be conclusive evideuce that the person named in such certificate . . ? is seised or possessed of such land for the estate or interest therein specified, and that tbe property comprised ia such certificate of title has been duly brought under tbe provisions of the Act,' Ice. And the 40th clause savs-.— 'Notwithstanding the existence in any other person of any estate or inteiest, whether derived by grant, from the Crown or otherwise, which but for thin Act might te held to be paramount or to hare priority, the registered proprietor of land, or of any estate or interest in land under the provisions of this Act ahall, except in c*ne of fraud, hold tbe same subject to such encumbrances, liens, or interests as may be notified on tbe folium of the regiiter-book, constituted by the grant or certificate of title of sach land, but absolutely free from all other encumbrances, liens, estates, or interests whatsoever, except the estate or interest of a proprietor claiming the same land nuder a prior certificate of title.or under a prior grant registered under tbe provisions of this Act, and except so far as regards the omission or mitdeocriptfan of any right-of-way ar other easement created in or existing upon any land, and ex«pt so far as regards any portion of land that may be erroctonsly inclosed in the grant, certificate of title, lease, or 'ether instrument evidencing the title of such registered proprietor by wrong description oiparcels otof boundaries.' Ths words 'except in case of fraud' admit of feeing wrest^ to a (tense, if tbe 40th clause is cocsidered only by itself, diametrically opposed to the intentions of the Legislature, and the whale scope and meaning of the Act. But tl.is po*3ibility of misinterpretation is met by the lScith clause, which provides that 'Nothing iu this Act contained, shall be so interpreted as to leave, subject to aay action fcr recovery of damages as aforesaid, or to action of ejectment, or to deprivation cf the estate or interest in respect of which, he is registered as proprietor, any purchaser or mort gagee bona fide, for valuable consideration of land under the provisions of this Act, on the plea that his vendor or mortgagor may have been registered as proprietor through fraud or error, or may have derived from or through a peraon registered aa proprietor through fraud or error, and this whether such fraud or error shall consist in wrong description of the boun daries or of the parcels of any land, or otherwise howsoever.' Again, the 114th clause provides that ?' the knowledge* that any trust or unregis tered inti-riBt is iu existence shall not of itself be imputed as fraud.' So that were it clearly proved that McEllister knew that Guthrie's claim had rot been extinguished (which claim might liawe be«n protected by caveat agaiust bringing the land in dispute under the Act), still it waa not fraud on hi* part to endeavour \- o obtain a recognition of his own title, defeo tive. though it might be. Mind, I do not assert hat McEllister did not commit a fraud, nor an I assert that tbe wne g«ntleman did not ommit a murder at some period of his life, but simply that tue crime is not proven. If McEllister committed a fraud he ought to have been proceeded against under the 133th clause of the Act (or tbe 12utb of the original Act) during his lifetime, and, if convicted, he ought to have been sentenced to three (or four) years' imprisonment with hard labour; and theo, but not till then, Mr. Justice Gwynne would have been in a position to make a legal order to cancel the certificate, provided the fraudulent proprietor had not in the meantime sold his in terest to a third party, and the transfer been registered — in which latter case the claimant's remedy would have been, not against the land, but against tbe Assurance Fund. As the case stands, the trustees uuder McEllinter's will rightfully or wrongfully (for my argument it matters not which) obtained from the Lands Titles Commissioners an assured or indefeasible title in virtue of their contribution to tbe Assu rance Fund. And the Legislature, wisely, I think, have nst given the Primary Judge any discretionary power to order the cancellation of a certificate of title in snch a case. If I, who helped to make the law, have any knowledge of its meaning, not only must fraud be imputed to the trustees, but they must be con victed of tbe misdemeanour, before a legal order cau be made to cancel the existing certificates. The 120th clause of the original Act (No. 15 — Anno viceslnio primo. Vir. Reg.), which shows tho intention of tho Legislature (answering to the ISSth »nd 180th of the Act No. 22 of 1861) is explicit upon thia point. Ia reference to a person obtaining a certificate by fraud it says — 'And who shall be thereof law fully convicted.' It will scarcely be contended that, from the omission of the«e words of sur plusage in the more artistically drawn clauses of the Act of 1861, it is to be inferred that the Legislature, after they had been forewarned by tbe decision in Hutchinson v. Leworthy, in tended to confer autocratic powers upon the Primary Judge to cancel or not cancel a certifi cate of 'title according to tbe impres«ion upon His Honor's mind as to whether a fraud had or had cot been committed. The conclusion, then, at which we arrive is that Mr. Justice G Wynne's decision in the case Biggs v. McKllister is aa plainly illegal aa was His Honor's deciaion in Hutchioson v. Leworthy, and when the same gentleman learned in the snbtilties of the law made tbe wonderful discovery that thtre were no Local Courts— that half tbe marriages performed by cic-rgvmen of the Church of Eng land were invalid, and th*t, in fact, '?Nothing was valid but invalidity. ' Wpre thfi decision legal, I should say — ' Take Hia Honor's advice at once ; away with the Keal Property Act, and let us return to the old system, witn all its heavy expenses, rfonbtn, diffi culties, perplexities, and uncertainties: for any thing is better than for au aasumed iudct'eMible titie to be dependent upon the c.tprice of the in dividual who may happen to hold the oiHco of Primary Judge in Equiry. ' The Real Property Act wa« intended to cure thu dofects of ' blistered' and defective titles, and to (substi tute indefeasible titles in lieu thereof, all which are now liable at any moment to be annihilated by a stroke of His Honor's pen, «» having been derived from an original (in tbe Judge's opinion) fraudulent registration. The ugly fact that the claimant Guthrie, whose Equitable claim has been pending ever since 1855, died in the Destitute Asylum, speaks volumes as to the tender mercies of, and guardianship of equitable interests by, tbe Chancery Court of South Australia, which now, in 1879, can see noother way of doing tardy justice than by upsetting a series of certificates of title on the ground that in the opinion of tbe Judge an ancestor of the present proprietors once obtained a certificate by fraud in favour of tbe representatives of the deceased pauper, whose claim (if any) at this late period would be fairly met by the pecuniary compensation awarded by the Act. O for tbe ? shade of Dickens to show how our Colonial Court of Kquity moderates and mitigates the iniquities of the old country ! 'Why, it may be asked, did not the legal advisers ot Gutbrie prevent tbe registration of the present proprietors by enter ing a caveat ? Is Guthrie, in tbe leaned Jndce's opiniqn, a person 'wronged by the so-called system without his own default or neglect,' and, therefore, his ghost entitled to be compensated out of the public, purse; or has the said ghost no claim upon the Assurance Fund, and there fore the land must, in defiance of the Legin Intnre, be taken away from the registered pro prietors 'f I am, Sir, &c;, LEX. (One of the nineteen who voted for the Real Property Act.) December 20. 