Macleod of Dare. (From Harper's 2Iaqazine\\. CHAPTER XXVI1L A DISCLOSUBB. And so this Court of Inquiry wat formed ; i with oce witness not altogether unprejudiced ' in f iving hi* evidence, and with a judge ready to become the hccomolice of the witness at anv point, somehow iiaoleod avoided speaking of Gertrude White's appearance. Janet m rather a plain womin, despite those tender Gel' ic eyes. He 6Dcks rather cf her filial duty and her sister]? sSlction ; he minutely des cribed her qualities S3 a houne-nsietrers ; and he was enthusiastic abcui the heroism »he bad shown in determining to throw aside the g'it tering triumphs of her caliiag to lire a simpler and wholrsomer lit. That passage in the carter of Hiss Gertrude White some what puulal Janet Macleod. If it w«ra the case that the ambitions and jealousies and simulated emo tions of a life devoted to art had a demoralising and degrading effect on the character, why had not the young lady made the discovery a little earlier P What was the reason of her very eud den conversion P It was no coubt very noble on her part, if she really were convinced that tf is continual stirring up of sentiment without leading to practical issues had an unwholesome influence on her woman's nature, to voluntarily surrender all the intoxication of success, with its praucs and flatteries. But why was the change in her opiniors bo sudden f According to Htdeod's own account, Miss Gertrude White, when he first went up to London, was ?wholly given over to tbe ambition of succeeding in her pretension. She was then the ' white slave.' She mada no protest against the repeatedly announced theories of her father to the effdet tbat an artist ceased to live for him self or her; elf, and became merely a medium for the expression of the emotions of others. Perhaps the gentle cousin Janet would have ha 1 a eloirer v'wr of the whole case if sbe had known that Miss Gkrtrude White's awak ening doubts as to the whoie-oaaeness of simu lated emotions on the human soul were etrictly coincident in j.oint of time with her conviction that at any moment she pleased she might call bersf If Lsrlv Macleod. With all the ert he knew he described the beautiful email ccurtesies and tender ways of the little household at Rose Bank; and he made it appear that this young lady, brought up amid the sweet observances of the South, ?was making an enormous sacrifice m offering to brave, for his sale, the transference to tbe harder and hsrther ways of the North. ' And, rou know, Keitb, she speaks a good deal for herself,' Janet Mscleod said, turning over the photographs, and looking at them F^aaps a Jiuie wistfullr. «It is a pretty lace. It must m&fce; many friends for her. If she were here herself now, I dou't think auntie would hold out for a moment.' That is what I know,' stid he, eagerly. 'That i= why I am anrioas sbe should come. lu-ro. And if :t were only possible to brirg her new, there should he 110 more trouble; and I 'hink we coald get fcer to leave the state— et lea»t I would try. But how could we ask b=r to Dare in the winter-lime; The eeaand the rain wcu'd frighten her, and she would never consent to lire lure. And perhaps she needs time to quite njske up her mind ; ihe «id she would educate herself all the winter through, and tbEt, when I sb* her again, she would be a thorough Highland-woman. That Ehows you how willing she is to make any SBsriGw, H she thinks it riant.' ' But if she is so couiiDced,' said Janet, doubtfuilr, ' that eLe ought t - leave the stage, why doe3 ohe not do so at once F You say her fa; her Las enough money So suouort tbe family?' ^ t: lili yee, he has,' eaid Macleod ; and then he o-idert, iritn oo». h^uauna z ?? Well, X~n. e-, I did not like to prrns that. She has al rem;'-y granted so much. But I might ask Ler.' At this momeut Lady Ifuclend's maid came into the hall snd eciJ that her ruiatrtwi wished to we ML-s Macleod. 'Perhaps nun'ie thinks I am conspiring vith you, Eeith,' she said, laughing, when the girl ha:l gone. ' Wei!, you will leave the whole thing in tny har.de ; and I will do what I can. And be patient and reasonable, K.ith, i wen if your znorkcr won't hear of it Tor a day or two. We wo%-r.an are very prejudiced against ecch other, you know ; End we have quick teuiDerc, and we want s little coaxing and per suasion — that is all.' ' xou have always been a good friend to me, Jfnet,' be said. 'And I v-ope it will all turn out for your 1 appicesj, Keiib,' she eaid, gently, as sbe loft. But as for Lnd? Macleod, when Janet reached her room, the haughty old dame was ' neither to old nor to blind.' There was nothing she would not have done for this favorite son of here bat this orp thing. Give b- r content to such a merriuge P The ghosts of ell the Maeleoda of Dare would call shame on her! OH, auntie,'* said tha patient Janet, 'he l-a» b??n a good son to yen. And you must have known he would inarrr seme day.** 'iiairy?' said the old kciy, as she turned a quick tye on Janet herself. '*? I was anxious te tec him married. And when be was choos ing a wife, I think he might hare looked nearer home, Junrt.' ?'Wlnt a *V:& night it is!' said Janet Hacked, quickly ; acid Flie oent for a mo ment to the window. 'The Sumara will bo coming round the M ull of Cactire just about JsoiF. And wr.ere ie the present, auntie, that the ycur.g Isdy smt you ? You must write and tl ai k her fcr that, at all events ; and shall I write tLc letter for you in the morning ?' 