A Tale of Many Towns [BY THE WAIF.) BALRANALD Leaving Hay-sweet Hay-and following the road down the river, some dreary blue bush plains are crossed, extending back some miles from the river's bank. The soil is of a dark colour and of a somewhat rotten nature. After travelling some distance along this road the wayfarer arrives at' a very elegant and commodious head station, the home of which is suppressed, for reasons that will be obvious. Here, a gentleman with an enlightened family resides, and one would expect from such a civil reception. When I arrived at the gate several young ladies were sitting in the front verandah, but they rose and fluttered away away like a flock of wild ducks. A piece of humanity attached to a moustache was with them; he too, uncoiled himself, slunk away like a dingo, and in a manner that no ordinary licensed surveyor-even if he had originally been an axeman in a camp, and even though through the kindness of a well-known mathematician in Sydney, he had been charitably coached-would think either gentlemanly or correct. Everybody having vanished from the front I found my way to the next cottage, where a man, not a surveyor, aud not a carter, kindly directed me to the track. It is, perhaps, worth mentioning, that when. I arrived at this place it commenced to rain very hard, but no one even offered half an hour's shelter, and yet the owners call themselves white people ! What a slur to cast upon the dark races! Pushing on from here along a dreary road in the wet, one feels glad at 9 at night to reach a way-side inn, but the hostlery in question is not a charming place, and in describing it-well, no matter, let it pass. Some thirty miles from Hay, the little township of Maude presents itself. It is on the river bank, and consists of four habita- tions among which are a hotel and store, both kept by Mr. D. Murphy, and a police station, where a solitary trooper dreams his life away, praying, doubtless, for the Kellys to come and end his dreary lot. There is a punt crossing the river here, and a good sized wool store, both in the hands of the almost solitary resident of the city, D. Murphy. There is, of course, the trooper as well and it is doubtful1 which is the most in- fluential townsmen, there only being two of them there. It may be remarked that considerable traffic occurs through this place across the river, but great inconvenience is experienced after any heavy rains, owing to the billabong by which the township is surrounded becoming too deep to cross. A billabong, for the information of those not acquainted with tho term, is one applied to a kind of anna branch of a river. Generally, where the position of the river bed has changed, the land made by it as it receded is lower than the original bank, and the portton of this lower bank farthest from the modern bed of the river being more depressed than the other portion of the newly made land, contains water which is, gene- rally stationary this water is called a billabong. Well, the traffic across the Murrumbidgee at Euston, is frequently intercepted, owing to the billabong surrounding the town being flooded. By the expenditure of a small sum upon a culvert this could be avoided, but Mr. Simson, the member for the district, probably knows nothing of the' locality, and cares less; thus the work has never been entertained. A few miles from Maude, the head station on Pimpampa run is reached; here hospitality was not so modest as I had found it at the last station. Thé manager being a Sydney native, unfortunately, I suppose, is hearty and friendly to strangers; and every kindness was ex- tended. Passing on from here Oxley homestead is reached. It is the property of Mr. Darchy, and the house is situated near the junction of the Lachlan and Murrumbidgee rivers, while the fine run extends along the banks of both these streams. On arriving here at midday I encountered an austere old dame who gazed at me through a pair., of green spectacles, as though I had come down the spout during the late rains. Just at the báck of the homestead the Lachlan River having its water backed up by a dam lower down, spreads its waters out into very extensive swamps. It is almost impossible for a stranger to find the track through them, still he has to do it, seeing that no one at Oxley will take the trouble to show him across the river. This is like adding insult to injury, for, firstly, what right have the lessees and freeholders of the Oxley run to dam the Lachlan and back the water over a surveyed road, so as to render it almost impassable; and again, what right have they, secondly, to fence across that road, leaving no gateway on it; and then, further, these people have the audacity to publish a notice in one of the Hay papers caution- ing everyone not to cross the Lachlan at Oxley, no there is no right of way there, and by so doing trespass is committed on Mr. Darchy's land, in the face of which a one-chain road is shown on the plans through Mr. Darchy's purchased block on the river bank, and a three-chain road through his other lately purchased land further back. Can it be possible that members in the house know of these things? Certainly Mr. M'Elhone does not, or he would indeed rollick in blurting out the matter; and would he not glory in hearing that the surveyor who laid out the road referred to never marked it near the crossing ! Not a single tree is blazed, and yet the survey is only six months old, when every mark would be fresh and new; no pegs have been put in at the road bends, only sight pegs can be found, these of course knocked over by the sheep. Strange that surveyors get their mutton from stations on the cheap, and then often forget to mark some of their road lines! Very strange, but some of them do even more than this. After getting across the Lachlan-which is a case of swim-the township of Oxley is reached where Mr. Delandre, who runs a hotel business with a little storekeeping combined, is the ascent- dant genius. This is one of the most comfortable and cleanly roadside houses I have met with; the building is substantial and commodious. The landlord, with an eye to business, is constructing a pontoon bridge, which he intends laying across the river in front of his house. In his undertaking he deserves support and success, for the bridge will be a great boon to travelling stock, and also to the passengers from Hay to Balranald, as Messrs. Cobb and Co. will, run poaches between those towns as soon as the bridge is completed; whereas at present the mails are carried on horse back. The township of Oxley is laid out in a portion, of the Tupra run which lies along the western bank of the Lachlan and the northern bank of the Murrumbidgee, being the property of Mr. M'Elhone's friend Mr. Jas. Tyson, who may be styled the triple millionaire. This is a fine run and well stocked, being with the adjoining run of Juanbong also the property of Mr. Jas. Tyson, under the management of Mr. Jas. Tyson, jun., nephew of the owner. From Oxley to Juanbong, a distance of twelve miles, the road passes over saltbush plains, the land affording fine pasture for either sheep or cattle. Juanbong head station, where Mr. Chas. Tyson resides is a well-built large brick house on the shores of a small and very picturesque lake. Mr. Jas. Tyson, jun., who happened to be there, extended every hospitality and made the hours of stay pleasant by indulging in a practice common among old station hands and overlanders, namely " stuffing" Without a smile on his face he would make statements of this kind. Pointing to a pack-saddle, he would say " that is a blackfeilow's saddle, we. place two of them back to back in it andstart them after cattle, the arrangement having the advantage of enabling the riders to see back and front and again refer- ring to the run, which extends over hundreds of miles, including some very rich pastoral land, he would with well- assumed honesty state, that there were only some five hundrod head of cattle on it aud that they could hardly live, apparently thinking that an innocent would not see that the rent of the land could hardly be cleared at this rate. Other remarks having reference to the blacks and animals about were of a similar original nature. Of course this was very amusing, and the listener took all in properly, but could anyone be expected to suffer a sur- veyor embryo backing up these remarks and laying the flattering unction to his soul that he, too, was a knowing bushman ? It was too much that this really innocent specimen of God's great workman-this individual not so long from the nursery, and whose perceptive faculties did not reach much beyond his nose, though that extended out pretty far-it was too much that he should try and back up the " stuffing" business with great dignity. Truly one meets with strange characters in the bush. How- ever, a stay at Juanbong is pleasant, and when it is stated that some 15,000 head of cattle are on the run, some idea can be formed of its importance. One leaves the station with friendly feelings to- wards Mr. James Tyson, jun., but cannot help ex- periencing the desire of seeing Mr. Theodolite, jun., receiving his initiation into the mysteries ol poker, or being carefully escorted round the oyster saloons of the metropolis; he is a sweet, gushing child of nature. After leaving here, a long para- graph might be written about the want of water on the road and difficulties of various kinds en- countered and bravely overcome, but let that pass. About 27 miles from Juanbong, the road runs along the shores of Lake Merrimbly, a large body of water, with well grassed and lightly wooded shores. Here a selector named Carter has estab- lished himself, and seems prosperous and con- tented in a comfortable home. The land towards the east and south of this lake is really very line, and bears grand crops of grass, supporting numbers of beasts to the acre. Ten miles further on, Paika Lake is reached, on the shores of which the pretentious and really grand homestead of Paika run is situated, having a magnificent prospect in front, the lake lying in all its native beauty, one large expanse of placid water stretching away to the front being the chief feature, with its highly diversified and lovely shores here and there re- lieved by various buildings, such as cottages of station hands, woolshed, and washing pens. Alto- gether the locality is charming in its wild and peaceful beauty ; and yet even here man is not happy, for "the ills that flesh is heir to" intrude, and the owners, Messrs. P. M'Pherson and Co., find life rendered somewhat uneasy in consequence of settlers taking fancies for different bits of Paika run, and consequently it is necessary to keep awake with a handful of volunteer orders ready for any stray " cockatoos." Paika run cannot be left without a little "gushing," for here I met some really good souls, who possessed a fair share of the milk of human kindness. Mr. A. Morison, the overseer, who at the time was in change, was really guilty of extending hearty and spontaneous hospitality, after which, if anyone says Scotchmen are not hospit- able, well I will hire a coloured man to brain that party. Not here, but elsewhere, will details be curonicled of that night's stay at Paika. The feast of reason and the flow of soul that there we held, the religious discussion, and the sacred hymns we sang, would cause any jolly good fellow to reach the seventh heaven. . Oh, we were in the spirit on the Lord's day; " no, that is not it-the spirit was in us on another day, and brought forth fruit in abundance after its kind. Ten miles through the mallee sarub, and Balranald is reached. Balranald, in all its solitary' grandeur, a city of the plains, uprears its head--a town sprung up like magic, with its churches, public buildings, and hotels, at once, as though in answer to the enchanter's wand; and entering it one exclaims in surprise-What, can it be that here is' an important town of New South Wales buried away in the wilds and literally unknown in tho metropolis, with all its industries and all its wealth! It seems marvellous that such a place should be so comparatively; unknown in its own countjy. Our Victorian friends, however, have not let its magnitude escape them ; they have secured its trade, and it represents annually some thousands of profit to them. Why is it that mércantile men in Sydney let the trade of such places slip from them. Why is it that our legislators ignore such centres? Here is a town of . impor- tance, doing an immense trade with the back country, and all its transactions are with Mel- bourne. All its greed goes to Victoria, while the few hundreds of miles between it and the Southern Railway, extending over one undeviating plain, is untraversed by the locomotive. Here trade drifts to Victoria, while eminent politicians in Sydney quarrel over the fleshpots of tho capi- tal ; while blatant bullies stigmatise one another as forgers and blackguards, and leave their districts to the dogs (I don't mean any insinuation about Victorians). It is, without, doubt, a marvellous thing that mén should employ themselves in im- migration schemes, and rush thousands of strangers into the land without first attending to the wants of those who are already here. While political charlatans worry the petty questions their own foggy intellects magnify into constitutional moun- tains, our Victorian friends, despite all the great Berry can do to retard them, bleed Riverina of its heart's blood, and suck the very life out of one of the finest portions of our colony. Where are the mem- bers for these districts ; where is Mr. Simson and Mr. Leary ? Do they ever urge railway extension through their constituencies ? Do they ever show the resources of these counties to their fellow legislators? Do they themselves understand the land they represent, with its vast wealth ; and do they grasp its requirements, or do they find the atmosphere of the refreshment-room, or the breezes blowing at the back door of the Lands Office more congenial to their natures than the mist surround ing the wants of their constituents. Will these " powers' that be" never awake to the fact that they are being undermined by Victorian capital- ists ? Will they continue to sit and tamely watch their wealth floating down the Murray into the Victorian melt-box? What' power is at work re- tarding the opening up of this land? It seems almost outrageous that this blood-sucking system Victoria has beon fattening on should have boen allowed so' long and still allowed. When tho member for this Lower Murray and Darling constituency does recover from a snooze, what does he do ? Why, gets a bridge over the Murrumbidgee at Balranald, as though to further assist Victoria-offer her greater facilities to collar our products, stock and wool. Pity they don't bridge the Murray ! Balranald people are right to agitate for these sort of things, it matters not to them where they deal, but the folly of our legislators cutting the colony's throat to please Miss Riverina and Dame Victoria. Well, no matter, Balranald is Balranald Q. E. D. lt is situated on the north bank of the Murrumbidgee, some 50 miles above the junction of that river with the Murray, on a large extent of fine open country, hemmed in on the sides remote from the river by a dark fringe of mallee. The town is well laid out, with its buildings substantial and orna- mental, and consists of, perhaps, 100 houses, among which are large stores, woolsheds, hotels, and churches. Nearly all these are constructed of brick, with galvanised iron roofs, and among them the most conspicuous are the Royal Hotel, kept by Mr. P. Young, a large two-storey building, with a frontage of about 120ft, having a large balcony ; the Church of England and Roman Catholic churches, Mr. B. Levy's store, Messrs. Cramsie, Bowden.and Co.'s store. Mr. Hall's Balranald Hotel, and the Commercial Hotel by S. Amery. All of these are large and substantial buildings, besides which there are many others too numerous to mention. The township some four years ago con- sisted of only some dozen or so of houses, and Messrs. Cramsie, Bowden, and Co. monopolised the trade of the place. Tradition says that this enter- prising firm did an immense business here, and that, content to let well alone, they wished matters to go on quietly, and their town to re- main to fame unknown, thus they might monopo- lise the different trades of the place ; and doubtless the policy of this firm had the effect of retarding the progress of the town. But other times and other fortunes came ; new storekeepers arrived, and gradually the importance of the place got whispored about till it suddenly 'sprung up into what I found it-a prosperous, flourishing little town trading upon sound principles, and seeure in its own resources. As an instancè of 'the traffic on the river between here and Echuca, it may be remarked that one firm alone forwarded last season 15,000 bales of wool, and several steamers draw- ing barges, capable of carrying five hundred tons of freight, constantly ply on the river during the navigable portion of the year. During the few days I was in town two steamers arrived from Echuca, bringing each immense barges, in which were hundreds of tons of goods. The bank of the river presented a busy scene. The numbers of men engaged in unloading were piling the wharves with heaps of merchandise. It would take too much space to detail all the businesses of the town, and so they can only be enumerated. Stores: Cramsie, Bowden,'and Co., H. Levy's, Murphy's, Menon's, and Bowring's.; The latter establishment also has the gospel business well mixed with it. Forwarding agents : Messrs. Cram, O'Connor, and Co., and Messrs. Cramsie, Bowden and Co. Hotels: The Royal (Young's), Bal- ranald (Hall's), ' O'Connell's, Tho Commercial (Amery's), Murphy's, and Kelly's ; all of them very flourishing establishments. Auctioneers : Messrs. O'Connor and Southee. Chemist : Mr. Southee. Bank: Joint Stock Branch, under the management of Mr.. Thompson. Government officials : Police magistrate and land agent, - Mitcholl, Esq. Post and telegraph master, Mr. Day. Senior-constable Dowling is in charge of the police station-has seen nothing of the Kellys. Churches of the Anglican and Roman Catholic persuasions are established, the former in charge of the Rev. Mr. Swindell, and the latter under the Rev. Father M'Gragh. A parsonage in connection with the former is in course of erection, and will be a handsome little building. A newspaper published weekly is in full. swing, called the Riverina Recorder, under the management and proprietor- ship of Mr. Bye. Numerous buildings are about to be erected, a hospital to cost L1,500, gaol, public school,. and Masonic hall. The present public school premises are very unsuitable, wherein Mr. Mitchell, assisted by Mrs. Mitchell and a pupil teacher, conducts education. Amorg the rising generation on the occasion of my'visit there were some eighty children in attendance, who were fairly orderly and attentive; but more care should be given to their personal appearance. Their clothes did not look as clean and spruce as might be, collars were not plentiful, and sock's frequently dispensed with; also the children did not seem very bright and clear complexioned. More cold water would improve them, and a larger stock of combs and brushes in their homes would produce possibly a better state of things towards their head-pieces. This struck'me very forcibly when comparing it with other scbools; in other respects everything was satisfactory. The children were all engaged, and seemed to be well under the control of the teachers;. When the new school is opened, and the children sent to it more tidily got up, there can be no doubt that under the present teacher all will go well. It is further pleasing to remark that the local board, seem to take much interest in the institution. It must not be forgotten to be mentioned that shortly a new and large court-houBe will be erected, and while refer- ring to this it may be remarked that it seems passing strange, as a judge and Crown prosecutor regularly attend Balranald, for prisoners committed by the local bench to be! sent for trial to Deniliquin. The Balranald people very properly object to this, and if they collar good first-class criminals in their lock-up, why should Deniliquin people have the fun of fixing them and working them off? My Balranald friends are naturally indignant and want to why is all this thus. . There is a Masonic lodge established in tho towri which musters fifty members. It is a very flourishing institution, and the members of the craft are about to erect a large hall wherein to have suppers -no, not that, I mean wherein to hold meetings. lt was contemplated some little time since to erect à brewery here, but the only suitable site was on Government land, which-could not bo obtained^ the matter is still under consideration. A lárge wool scouring establishment is at work, a few miles down the river. The boss forgot to ask me to see it ; so, of course, I don't mention his ñamé. The muse here is not forgotten, and though no poet shines as does the one in Euston, who goes into the iambic measure while stamping dates (not figs) on envelopes; still the exponent of the gems of thought and flowers of fancy here struts on a little stage, and with war paint and tawdry fixings on, per- chance with ghostly voice, tells Hamlet that his father was murdered in Mr: Bonnaparte Young's big room, and bids the sombre prince to mark that spot of tragic interest well. I will not say'what the amateur dramatist representing Hamlet here did, nor what the ghost further said, but will come to my climax at once and tell the whole, truth that there is that always terrible and excruciat- ingly funny combination at work in Balranald known as an Amateur Dramatic Society, and n0 lunatic asylum within hundreds of miles-whiéh probably accounted for the residents in town wondering where I came.from. ,My next subject is the Government wharf. There is a movement on foot here to obtain a Govern- ment wharf. A stranger cannot, of course, go into this subject with certainty of being iright; but still it does seem a false principle to bring publio money into competition with private enterprise. There is a private wharf, and if more wharf accom- modation is wanted let a public company be started to erect one. It is stated that a flour mill would do well in Balranald. In this matter one needs to be careful in recommending anything, as it is generally con- sidered advisable to have wheat grown where a mill is established. Now, little wheat is grown here; still it is stated, whether true or not I cannot say, that there are thousand s of acres of land suitable for wheat growing in thé neighbour- hood, and that if a mill were established many farmers would direct their attention to produc- ing the staple grain. Sport has its votaries here, and horseracing carried on in a pretty extensive scale. I would recommend that the local jockey club look out and fix their date for meets, so as to catch horses going from Hay to Wentworth between the meets. At those places, as far as I can judge, their dates, are not ever well chosen. The matter of obtaining a racecourse has been gone into, and a very suitable block of land obtained from Government; but through the negligence of the branch Survey Department at Hay, it has not yet been measured and laid out. The revenue accruing to our Government from the receipts of the Balranald land office amounted to £89,091 2s 11d during last year. This will give some idea of the rate at which the Crown lands are being alienated in these parts. Around Balranald there have been during the last few years large se- lections made, and, as far as I can learn, all the settlers are doing well. These men have met with opposition from the Crown lessees, and find it diffi- cult to get fair play in Sydney ; but notwithstand- ing these evils they have flourished, showing that (as Burns ought to have said) " Man was made to" -growl. But the end of all things cometh, and so comes the end of the tale about Balranald ; still I cannot pass on to fresh fields and pastures new without one parting notice, which-after mention- ing that there are several wheelwrighting estab- lishments carrying on gigantic operations in the place, and that an esteemed solicitor, Mr. Barratt, slings legal bricks at the bench occasionally-is of and about that respected townsman and jovial knight of Erin, Mr. Anthony O'Connor. And certainly if there were but one townsman »in every place in the colony like the gentleman in question, it would not be long before all towns went ahead, and before all strangers learned to esteem them, singing with their prime spirits Erin-go- bragh. This gentleman, who resides at Orley Farm, is in himself quite a host in any town, and certainly Balranald would not be Balranald without him, nor would I advise anyone, passing through the town to omit making his acquantance and the acquaintance of Orley Farm, with its P. B. hospitality and beauty of wild vegeta- tion. The best of friends must part, and so this town, with all its pleasant residents, must now be left behind, while the pilgrim goes into the cold world once more to seek now faces and fresh friends. In leaving it one compares it with Hay and cannot but muse on the fact that courtesy, kindness, and good-fellowship cost but little to the giver, and how men learn to appreciate1 one another when they grasp each other with the hand of friendship. What small expenditure there in being friendly, and what lasting kindly thoughts it generates! When will the human race cease to practise tbose airs and graces which the full grown apes in some towns so affect? When will they learn to know the greatest of all commandments love one another, and bring about; that era so desirable, when "men to men the wide world over shall brithers be for a' that." 