toMk, SKETCHES IN THE HIMALAYA, IT ia commonly understood that there la a considerable mortality among the children of the white population of India; bub of late years this evil has been greatly reauoed by the establishment of Sanatoria wtid <f Chil dren's Homos," in the Himalaya Mountains* To the former regularly resort, at the commencement of the hot season, when the plains are no longer enjoyable, those who can oommand the means of a residence in that vast mountain-ohain familiarly called " tho Hills," where civil and military stations ore now numerous, and life ie spout in a temporary round of amuaornentu, unknown to the people of England. Aecoaa to thcso sublime and beautiful regions ia eagy j and between tho mountain' tops and tho picturosque valloya, porpetual suimuor may bo found. Thoao mountain homes of our countrymen are not only thoroughly enjoyable to tho lovers of Naturo'o beauties, but thoy also enable them to roproduoo tho douaestio life of tho mother country with all its homely joys; and in so gonial a olimo, a sound mind in a healthy body finds abundant opportunities of following tho pursuits of soieuoe and of litex'fttui'O iu comparatively fresh fields. Leaving Umballa early one morning at tho oommonoeraont of tho hot season, wo rodo RoroBH country to l'mlroo, a small vil lage, where wo changed horses. Thenoa we cantered nine miles through a rioh country, diversified by many ploasiug bits of scenery, to tho dale or staging bungalow of Bueai, where wo again mounted frosh horses, and galloped forward to tho village of Munu mnjrn, at tho entrance to the pass of the Sewalio or outer Himalayan rango, which towards its eastern extremity presents a sharply serrated outline, with an average height of about thirteon hundred feet. Next morning wo passod through thia range-a distance of several miles-by tortuous watercourses and fragmentary roads, and entorod tho Valloy of Pinjovo, near tho village of whloh are tho splondod torraced gardens of tho Maharajah of Put teals, ft chieftain of tho Oia-0utlej 0Uios, whoso unsworving fidelity to tho British Go. vcrnmont during our wars with his country men tho Bikhs has boon ro warded with extensive additions to his territorial posses sions. Hero are innumerable fountains and arti ficial cascades, sparkling' with tho 'pure waters of tho mountain-streams which feed thorn; jets-d'caii shoot aloft and adowntho marble canals ; whilst clog-ant pavilions of tho same material afford tho most charming retreats, whoro,lulled by tho murmurs arouud, in an atmosphere filled with tho porfume of the rose, jasmine, oleander, and orange, the oriental uybnrito, with his hookah and pomograiiato sherbet, may oonjuro up waking dreams such as may have inspired tho " Ara bian Nights." Now confronting the traveller rise tho bold bluffs of tho outor range of tho Himalaya proper, to an elevation of about seven thousand feet; and putting spurs to our horses, a fivo-milo rido uiong an excellent road brought us _to tho small village and English hotol of Kallca, at tho base of the mountain on which stands the military atatlon of Kussowlie. Tho ascent is by a steep and tortuous road about eight milos long. As wo continue to ascend, tho Sewallo rauga no longer obstructs tho view of tho plains beyond j and ju tho far distance may bo seen tho winding Uutloj, pursuing its way like a nilvnry jij/tliou the boundary of tho Puujab, A sudden turn of tho road oarrloH uu to tho northern sido of tho mountain, and tho station of Kus aowlio breaks at onoo on thoviowj flrattho parade-ground, about an aero in extent, around which aro tho low, flat-roofed bar racks ; and gradually the various bunga lows of tho residents, porehed hore and there- upon every available scarped spur or ledgo oi' rook, and surroundod by dark fir trees (1'iaus longij'olia) and various shrubs, of which more presently. A stranger ar riving during tho dry season would not bo aware of tho splendid panorama, which a dusky haao obscyronj but after a day'o rain t he magnificent sceno is revealed in all its wondrous features. This station, ono of tho oarlioi' established sana toria, is named after tho email hamlot of iCuuaowlio, whioh ia oi tu tted in a valley below. Prom tho roads whioh wind along tho spurs of tho mountain, tho viow looking north oinbracos soven distinct ranges, including tho Sublime Snowy Rango, whoso sharply uorratod peaks riso to an altitude nearly twioo that of Mont Blanc. In tho middlo distance lio tho military otationo of Subathoo, Dugshai (and tho iiawrencu Asylum) j while farthor off may bo distinctly soon tho deodar (Him alayan cedar, often a hundred foot high) crowned hoights of Simla. liVom about tho 1st of May until tho rains uommouco on tho 16th or l(Jth of June, tho aspect of these mountains is barren and parched, reminding ono of sheets of orumplod brown paper; the foliage of tho fir-trees is reduond^o scanty brown tuffca; tho inoesaant i hiun of inseot-lifo beoomos tiroaome ; whilo occasionally tho sun broaks forth with great fervour through the reddifih hazo. At night, thousands ol firo-fiios cover the stations as it wore with glittoring sparks, and not unfre quently ono may hear tho distant rumbling of thuudor, But in tho valleys tho aapeot of Naturo, oven at this ooaaon, jo vory different. Hore, instead of fir-trees and tho wild pear, wo find magnificent walnut and aprioot trees; and wherover a spring of wator gushes from tho cleft rook, ono is generally sure to find the delicate Himalayan primrose, tho dark scented and pale violet, strawborrios, and at ccrtain periods of tho year, yellow and white jessamine, St. John's wort, wild-roses, assure rocket, flowering /cms, thiokota of the crim son rhododendron, and gnarlod oaks; besides a great variety of other flowering shrubs and plants. One of these romantio littlo streams at Kossowlle has its source in a ferny oloft, shaded by willow and walnut boughs, while along its oourse thenaroissusand iris, marvel of Peru, blue pimpernol, oglantino and musk roses, grow in abundanoo; but although the spot seems to be in a stato of nature, it may be questionable whether some of tho plants just mentioned are really indigenous. Tho ourious " leaf-insect,"as well as tho "walking-otiok," or twlg-inseot, may bo scon at Kussowlie, but more rarely than at tho stations of Mussoorie and Landoui', at ccrtain times of the year. There is also a singular tree beetle, whioh, attaching a orooked instru ment with whioh Naturo has provided it to any twig whioh it wishes to cut off from the tree, spins its body round on this ouviouB axis, until, after a loud buzzing sound, it falls, with the twig whioh it ha» sawn off, to the ground. These beetles, at oertain seasons, are so numerous and aotive an to beoomo a positive nuisanoe. The north-eastern extremity of Kussowlie is bounded by a finely stratified peak, whioh risea sharply at the farthest turn of the road, and is understood to be the highest Soint of this ridge. It ia oalled by the uharries or hill-men, K*ma Dava, or the Mountain of the Hindu god of Love, Kama j but by the English residents, " Tapp'a Nose.*' On the summit is a rode shrine of unhewn stones about two und a half feet high i and on the horizontal stone over the aperture thero is a rude representation in relief of the god Kudra. (This deity or idol is sufficiently rare to be worthy of special remark.) Being interested by the discovery of a comparatively rare image, we made some Blight exoavatlons, and were able to traoe the foundation of a more extensive building, and also the remains of a well; but in Buoh a situation, for what purpose it was used, exoept as a tank, ie would be difficult to say, This fine rook oommtmds a magnifioent view of the plains on tho one hand, and of tho inner Himalaya on the other. It ia sometimes also oalled Hookey Hill, from the vast nnmbera of small brown moukevihtbat frequently resort to it} althougbii does uot l bear any herbage whatever but gratia, and does not preaebt any special attractions to the-lower animhls, unless we assume thot monkeys at©' oapablo of appreciating the pioturesque, ii®aJ?J,e#PB ft"er but ft fl^ort residence in the Himalaya, acquire a faoility In even cantering down roads en their mire-footed mules and powleinrtitoh' at first might have appeared only suited to theeareful .pedostrlau. The widest* of' theNroads' oohneotiug the atations are seldom more than about sis; feet broad, with rooks on the one baud, and a preoipitionp descent on the other. la come places however, the roads avo ho steop that precautions are neoessary, at the slowest paoe, to prevent the saddlo slipping over the pony s neok. Occasionally, and oapeoially alter heavy rain, accidents occur to those who try "short-outs" by the pwgdmdU or narrow footpaths used by the natives. How the celobrated Mohammodan iuvacler of yore, after the saok of Delhi, managed with his wild hordea, ladeu with plunder, aofoly and rapidly to penetrate theao xaountiuuo, and to leave uo iiaae bohiad, ia tho short opaoo oi time which history records, is stiii a problom. Iboy came and wont like a flight of loouslu ; and the difficulty of their retreat can ouly bo realised by one who has actually travelled in the few and torturous passes of the tremendous barrior Interposed between India and Central Asia, Leaving Kussowlle at five o'oloolc, we ueod to consider it a fair average ride to reach Subathoo by men, although tho actual distance cannot be more than nine milw, .Two-thirds of the way are occupied in the descent of the Kuasowlie rango, at tho baso of which a stream must be crossed ; and after that there is a gradual asoont to Hubathoo, whioh lies about threo thousand loat Iowa* than tho othev gtution, UJhe station of Subathoo is, lor a hill -station, com paratively fiat; yet it lias beon found neces sary to build many ol the houses on tho lolty erainoucoa surrounding it; whilo a aquaro native fort, flanked at tho angles by round towers, has a pioturesquo aspoofc besido tho low flat-roofed barraoks, Beyond Oubathoo, tho road hgain descends, Tho bare rooks, on whioh only euphorbiacoous plants ooem to grow, prcsout a forbidding appoaranoo, whioh is inoreasod by the grotesque forma of this genus of plants. At tho bottom of tho next valioy, about five miles on the road to Pimla, thoro is a beautiful and rapid river, which ia spanned by an iron suspension bridge. Imposing rocks rise on oaoh side of the I stream, along the face of whioh, by blasting, a road has been made. About a quarter of a wite beyond this river is tho unintorostiug dak bungalow of Hhrrypore j and boyond it the road is tiresome and monotonous, On one oooaslon, although during tho dry season, we were overtaken by a storm, at about four o'oloolc in tho afternoon. "Wo had observed heavy olouds gathering in tho north.west, aooompanied by tho distant mut tering of thunder. The darkness rapidly inoreased, and in half an hour more tho storm burst overhead with astounding fury. I Peal upon peal of thunder.roverberated from rook to rook, and from mountain-top to I valley j iij rapid succession, aooompanied by inoessant flashes of lightning and wild squalls of sleet. Urging on our pony to its utmost speed, wo soon reaohed the next staging bun galow at Svnle thoroughly drenohed, und glad of a refreshment of milk and excellent wild raspberries. The storm had now died away. It was about six o'oloolc when tho sotting sun* burst forth from a oanopy of golden olouds with a startling effi%oneo. .Chore was something solemn in tho sudden and profound repose of Nature; and tho grandeur of this effeot was umoh I . heightened by a Magnificent uud, jiurfuebrain bow oompletely spanning the valley before us, and dyeing the rooks at oaoh extromity with its iridesoent hues. Leaving Synie at dusk on government mules, after a most fatiguing ride, we arrived at Simla about ten o'olook, and proooedod at once to the Pavilion Hotel, when, having had sapper, conducted by a guide, we soon found the bungalow wbinh wo had rented for thy season. On awaking next morning wo wero J oharmod with tho situation of our new reaidonoo, whioh was perohod on tho top of a I spur of tho mountain, and commanded a flue I view. I'lui garden in front of the verandah was not morq than twolvo foot from tho I brink--not indeed of a precipice, but of u. I steop deooeat, tho angle of whiuii was so I RJiy°i10' falling oyer must have I rolled down at least a thousand foot. In this I email pardon plot thoro was a profusion of I tho loveliest pink oablbago-rouos in full I ii 0,1A' PVOi' ^i0 amphitheatre of mountains I (Uteowy in front otio ini^ht soo, through a I gap, Subathoo and Kuuuowlio; and in tho I oxtromo dist&aoo;, the caipot-liko plains I stretching far beyond XJmballa to the i kM'Kon a verge. Our bungalow wao shut in J "10 emes by gigantic phm and deodars. Beyond these, to the eastward, at a higher elevation, might be seen tho bazaar; and still farther off, tho pioturesquo Jooko, dotted ovor with Swiss cottages and bungalowa. j iho etatlon of Simla roso at tho back of our house, and oooupied tho remainder of tho aoono. I grandest feature iu tho eoonory is. of oourso, the maieatio Snowy Range, whioh rises from tne valleys and lbwor rangoa to tho north of Simla in a etupen* I doue mass, that at tho first view is almost overpowering in its effeot on tho mind even of those who have travelled in the Alps. It ia with diffloultv that the mind realises suoh vast altitudes. Far above the region of anlmal life, these stainless peaks rise into tho blue empyrean, so little of the earth earthly, that in the early morning when first struok by the beams of tho r sing sun, before the latter have illumined their bases, whioh are lost in the grey blue or distanoe, they seem, out off by tho limit of perpetual snow, like a magio canopy, midway between heaven and earth. Some times at aunset, for a few minutes, the Snowy Range assumes a roseate hue, which suddenly vanishes, ft8 it were, ia tho twinkling of an eye, and presents thom in ft silvery grey aspeot-" distinct but dis tant , dear, yet, oh, how oold I" But it is in the moonlight that these awful solitudes soem most ghost-like, for at auoh an eleva tion there are no clouds, and when the lower atmosphere is also olear, tho effeot is in the highest degree sublime. I But from the stations to tho oastwardj suoh as Mussoorie and Landour, tbo Snowy Range appears even grander than from Kussowlle and Simla, for from tho former the peaks above tho souroes of tho Ganges and Jumna, beautiful in form, are oonspiouous j while farther to the east may be peroelved, overtopping the range, ?oi,nt °j Kunohinohunda, one of the highest elevations on the faoe of the | glOQOi I The aspeot of these hill stations, as they are oallea, varieB considerably. Thus whife the noble eedara and pines of Simla and its sisters give a oold oharaoter to the Hoenery, the noble oaks of Mussoorie and Landour, garnished with beautiful ferns and epidendrons on their mossy trunks and branohes, olothe the mountain-sides with the beauty of almost tropioai vegetation. During the rainy season the atmospherio effeotB are quite magloal. Thus when one !* enveloped in rolling olouds whioh shut 8udd0n break in the former will disclose some sunny spot, bright and green like a landscape tinted in enamel, on some loftier mountain, near enough to be quite distinot. One of the earliest harbingers of the rainy season is the gigantic adjutant bird; and about the beginning of June these solitary storks may be observed standing like sen tinels on projections of rooks faoing the plains, at an elevation of between six and woven thousand, feet. At this season the'sudden ohanges from light to darkness ond from darkness to light, the roar ol water falls leaping a thousand feet and more in somei places into the ravines below, and the boauty of the floral world, present com binations on so graud a scale that it would be impossible for the best of artists to give ; even the faintest idoa of the whole, Thesi effects in'spring are even more rematlwblo, when amid the lingering snows, the orimaou rhododendron rises like a pyt&oI; flame, to the height of thirty feet and even more; while the wild-vines and the white wild-rows, on white-like steme, entirely envelop thejlargeet peav«trees with a profusion of blossoms. But it is in winter that these mountains are grandest, for it ia then-in January that tho most terriflo thunderstorms pre vail, and the lightning illuminates the P&thle;&a; anowa away in the far di3tano.\ In the inky blaokneea of night, from Lan dour for inotanco, the whole of the sister cfcatiou of Mucmoorio will suddenly bo revealed by ono brilliant flaoh ; and the next moment, dovkneau the moat profound ahutu out oven tho noiireafc objoota a few paeon off, Vfhilo tho thunder rolla not only above and around but below, In winter, however, thoro are genorally but fey/ Euro* peaus resident in. thetie mountainu; for thoaa who are nob required to roturn to tho plains ucok Bummer again in the enchanting Yalloy of Dohrr* I)hoou, whioh raay bo reaehod in an hour and ft half j and whence, amid flowero and sunny gardens, there ia a pioauuro, with tho aid of an opera-glass, in surveying ono'a lute home buried in ouow, and expoaod to tho fury of tho elemont-9, whilo wo are enjoying the temperaturo of Italy, in tho late apriug j and plonioa and wporting oxeuroiono in tho neighbourhood with their ondleas round of auiuuemont. During " tho soason" in the Himalaya, tho gaieties aro iucesaant, and tho enter tainments given by tho y/ealfchior vioitova are generally on a princely scale, Balis, parties, pionioa, shooting matches, arohery, and other gamoj, rapidly succeed oaoh othor> and at) those gatherings many marriages aro annually " arranged." But although one might suppose that the JOugllriU in these charming summer re treats woro tho moot frivolous peoplo on tho faoo of tho earth, there aro always a few who "lovo not man tho loos, bub Nature more," and who profit by tho op portunities afforded of making many valu able additions to our store of knowlodgo, Indeed, amongst tho officers of tho Indian army aro many excellent naturalists, un known to fame, and also others whoso soieutiflo acquirements generally have not always been suffloiontlv brouaht to niibliei aoiioe. \- Chambers' Journal, mnr^ijrr-rr^-iwrtinn r'mr-.iiiTirii^-iiirrri Titf-r-MnNl < 