NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events.—St. John’s Sunday-school excur sion to Sandhurst; meeting of Ballarat Horticultural Society, Mechanics' Institute, 7 p.m.; Ballarat County Court. The friends of Mr R. 'll. l&te; member , for Qrenvillajrwi.il Regret .to ,learn that.on Tueaday.Mr. Thomas Kawlinga, of Smythesdale, 'received a letter* from Melbourne intimating that he, Mr Lock, on the previous day was seized with a fit of paralysis and was in a very dangerous state indeed, t Council held a rather long meeting 'on Tuesday, and, among other business',"resolved to" cut down the salaries paid to the officials, by reducing the rate collector's jsalary from £23oVtb £l,OO. f Mr John Whelan being the only .candidate nomi nated to fill the vacancy in the Bungareeshire Council caused by. of Cr o ! Hehir, was.deolared duly : elected as a councillor bn Tuesday last. I’’' 1 ’’' Cr Thomas Maheytbbkrhis seatfor the first time at the Bungareeshire Council table, on .Tuesday. The meeting was‘a very short'one. ‘ Cbuhcill6rB : 'aBaembled at 1 o'clock*-adjourned for luncheon at a quarter to; 2, re-assembled at half-pas t'2, .and-, went into com-: mittee.before.3 p.m., , Ah inquest’was held bh ■Tuesday by l Mr P.M., upon theibody.ofMrsrLloyd,. who.wasj burnt to death on the previous evening, and a verdict of acci dental death'Was returned..re We have received the following, further particulars of‘the. .whish- happened,-, to .-.Michael Madden on Monday-last, at. Napoleons. It ' appears that Mr Madden had just, returned from his farm • with .a horse he..took into,, thq yard, whan the winkers sfuftedrfrom head, and' a bolt towards the gate immediately was made, when Madden attemp.teti to. collar .the hqrsa.by, the, head, and the unfortunate man was'jammed'between ‘ the' dray and the gate-post, literally being crushed to pieces, his ribs being driven through his lungs. Dr Sparling ; was' ; so6n w in'" l attendance,^but .Could d.q. nothing forj the .. sufferer, whq, : lived hour alter the accident. ‘ : Soma"eight’ months' rineb tho- deoeaseaV' wifal'diedjfeaving a’-family .of seven ehiidran, : ;:iThe.deceased-:WaS;BO, able to make ;o ; i tuV'iiii-i .’ -Wo are-requested _to._state, in connection with the State school excursion to Sandhurst to- morrow, that the train starts frotnrthe; Eastern? station only, at 5.55 "A few .‘jackets,, for. parents and adults are and maybe- had up to’ 6 b’clbdk*this evening. Ghildren.under, rnine , years-must be 1 in charge of.their.relativeß; other .chUdren' wi}! be under the charge of'the Board lot Advice ‘'alid'tlieir teachers. It ,is_a mattef :'d£‘. wonder ■ that accidents are not bh the Btingaree roads!' \ On Tuesday' evening wbQe.dn^hei^.way^into'Bidlarat, two- gefitlemeh] while driving. dow.ni the Woodman’s Hill mat's'cart' aseendingjthß/ialopßjiwith .the, lying onbis-faoe bn the bed of the : vehicle, jin. the of iatoxicition.y A cut aetbss -the'-baefc witha-whip; had-np':. «hd- the rittenp tion of a second but sober" teamster was’ drawn - , to' the helpless state of the drunken one ahead. ' The Bubgareeshire Jeouhoil-chamber, or rather shed, was besieged on Tuesday .afternoon, by a number of aniiohs lor"“aVsettlement of their little : accounts. ' It iS'ho'sacret'that the' cobhciTa-exchequer' is not in exactly thatflouriahing' / condition that a large territory of ,soma,:ofi' the.fattest laadjiOjthe,^Western, * district would seem to.'warrant, but councillors are firm in their, belief in theiiberality of the munioioal , yaiSjid l-u-t •»&.* .«v o » u - backer, and at 'Shp/Bli*B of busi ness went into committesrijftherilldhfportanl'question Of ways 'and meansQ Tv w I ; H Miss H. I*-.,Warhe, of Stale ‘school 1256,. Ballarat lrivingipassed the requisite vexaminations, has-been recorded;. in the Education Department as sj^jioensedjto;teach;” : ;-^; |The freehold property at the corner'; of Sturt and , Raglan streets, now'inthe occupation of Mr Smart, grocer, &cl;, was sold"by auction onTuesday by Mr Shoppee, for the sum of £BlO. The Water Commission will meet on Friday to deal 'with the'followmgTjusiness:—T. Report of the' finance committee;'.2l'Reportof: the public works, committee;. 3\. Report of chairman: 4.' Report of' 'law' committee; ‘s;~Report of engineer; 6; Report of collector. Notice of motion by Commissioner Robertson—“ That under nolcireumstancea will water from the mains of the Ballarat'and Ballarat East Water Commissioners.’ be discharged info Lake Wendonree,'. except, when the,, bywaahesrit the Gong Gong and Kirk’s. reaerrbirsTare! running oyer.’’ ' ■ ;!: ; :■ A." main' named Robert Hartley was admitted '.into the Hospital' oh Tuesday suffering from the riffa’olsrif, a lotion, part'Ot.. which, he swallowed accidentally on the .day in.questipn. "i A farmer named, Richard’Looker was admitted into the Hpa pi talon. Tuesday, suffering from, the effects of a severe out on his left ankle.' The patient, fell'off his horse vvhile in a fit, and sustained'the', injury by the horse upon him;. According to sundry , telegrams from", Mansfield, .it is stated that it can be satisfactorily, proved .that ; the: footmarks near‘the tree where Monk alleged he was shot at’, ’and 1 said to be Monk’s as he those of another person who was visiting the spot,.and who got off bis horse at that place. Should the neces sary proof be forthcoming,’it'will seriously affect the decision imthe recent enquiry.' It was rumored* in Melbourne on Tuesday that a large failure in the hardware trade had taken place, to the extent’Vf .£soo,ooo.“.There-are also ;rumqrs of other failures likely to take place;, V Lydia Wright was arrested on Tuesday, afternoon by; the Town police,on.a charge of stealing a quantity of wearing.apparel, the property of Thos. Brooks, re siding in Sweeney street, Ballarat East. !, It has.been decided'io close , the Sandhurst Exhibi tion at the end of. the present month. The following local awards were made in connection with tha.Sand burst Exhibition on. Monday:—-Group of! drawingsr-Bronze medal, and certificate, Edward Dunstan, Ballarat. Mechanical drawings—Certificate, T.i S. Bailey, .Ballarat. Penmanship, Maps, &c.;— Special prize for'set of business books—Silver ihedal, A.: Jolly, Clunea. J Ornamental, penmanship—Gold medal,- E.'-Doepel, Ballarat; bronze 'medal, R. : Wedel, Ballarat;-;. Maps—Silver medal;;F. C. Niven,-Ballarat; certificate, R.;: A .Thompson, ; .Ballarat. .Tartans.— Tartanapainted on wood—Brouzemedal, G. M ! Kenzie, Ballarat; ■; Tartans in oil on: wood-r-Certificate;; John Scott,. BallaratVlt maybe .mentioned that* these tartanrara not truly painted- according torThomaa Smibert’s book'on the delineations of- the tartans of the clans of'the'Highlands of Scotland., vj. Fifty-nine •-loads rif -produce' passed through the municipal weighbridge-at-; Smythesdale during the .mbnthof May* ■■ - .-h < Mr F..J-M-Syer, ofCurlewis, Geelong, late of Smythesdale/on revisiting, the latler placebn: Tues day contributed £1 .to the Scarsdale Relief Fund, whicnbhebebretary begs to acknowledge. It is'generally believed, says • a Mansfield telegram, that some little time since the police,received definite information that Ned Kelly was at Hretdl., Al.party of police-left fqrthat-place, but could not discover any traces of the man wanted. It is .now stated oa good authority that Ned'Kolly was in Greta, and that the 'object'ot’his visit’ was to see'his' sister, Mrs Skillion, who had visited her husband and mother. Mrs Kelly was, some short .time: since, in . the Mel -1 bourne gaol, and is now at Pentridgo. .. It is said that Mrs Skillion . and ’ Kate ' Kelly, both ■ visited their mother recently, and-’it' is' believed that Ned was. anxious", tAhear from her. ; Hence his visit to Greta. 1 The. steamer :Atjeh -has arrived at Sydney, from Batavia',"and - brings news from New Guinea,' 1 which show's, that -oyer-2000 natives of the ,island offered a most formidable resistance to the war ship Cormorant remaining there, dr allowing any one from.the vessel -to land. It is believed the natives defeated the'Cor imorant, in consequence of her sudden withdrawal from the attack. c ‘ ■ A telegram in the Herald, dated Corowa,' - Tuesday, says:—“The Murrumbidgee steamer and' barge, and the Kelpie steamer and barge, arrived here this morn ing from Eeh'uoa.',~ 'Thesd are'the first 'steamers which have come bp the Murray-.this. season. The river is now six feet abq\e w ßnmmer^yal,'an.d..rising steadily. The weather is wet, and;there is every appearance, of the rain continuing.. Both steamers are loading flour for down river ports;" ■ ; It transpired during the course of Monday (says, the Argus) that a tragic-event- occurred l on- board the ■French troopship Calvados on her voyage, from'Brest to this port. The Calvados left Brestjin command of Captain Gaude, and while coming through, the Red Sea this officer, it is said, received a severe sunstroke; from which be suffered' acutely, and’for twenty days and nights he had very little natural rest,' Thisjion.; 'duced to unaoundneas of mind- for a-tiine, and it is averred.that he labored under-a- delusiqn which deve loped eomething of a suicidal tendency! "From',this,, however, he apparently'.'recovered, and became .; as rational in all respects as-he was before, the painful visitation.:; Some,three weeks ago, however, one after noon at 4,o’clock he committed self-destruction in his, own cabin by shooting himself through.the head-with: a revolver.. The body,is preserved in spirits, and will be sent,hack to Franc'e.for'interment at the first oppor tunity. The deceased officer, itjia said,'.was possessed of independent means, and has left a widow and two children.', Telegrams' concerning- the distressing btr-, cumstance have been forwarded to the''French! naval authorities. It was intended to have kept the matter from 'Obtaining mu'clr.-publicity, hence,-possibly, the - ’ reticence of the officers on Sunday night when the; vessel was boarded...: Lieutenant Simon, the; next" officer in'rank, assumed command of the Calvados after the death of Captain Gaude; Monday’s Geelong Advertiser..Buga “At twenty minutes past 2 o'clock yesterday morning a fire broke out in a small shed at’the rear’of the'drapery eatafe' lishmenfc ,of Messrs Qeoghegan and Byrne, in.- Moora-, bool street.’ The' fire originated -among-a quantity of loose paper and shop sweepings,- -stowed in the dust; box in the shed; and as. r the deal, wood burnt quickly, it 1 soon spread : to pieces of timber used as window fixings.' ’ The -noise of the eracklihg’ caused’by the burnfng,wood attracted. the. attention pfjConstable Hicks, who was in Moorab.bol street at the time, and that ’the ’ fifth time ’-recently—gave'the alarm.at the Brigade Station; and conveyed,the hose reelat.q' the scene of the fire. ; The prompt attendance of_firemen,_ and an ample supply of water, soon had the effect” of confining the flames "to-the ribrrugatecT iron shed; and the total loss .occasioned, .by the burn ing of paper,.twine,. ahd'a few, pieces of‘matting, did hot to more, than £lO. The firemen are deserving of praise for the. energy'displayed in pre venting what, at one time threatened to be a confla gration 1 ' similar to that ' which occurred ih-theriame place about ten years since. It is not known how the fire originated;” '■ \ ; "A scene occurred at ithe public, meeting held oh Monday night to commemorate the anniversary’of the : People’s Church, Yarra street, of a nature which 1 re dounded greatly to the credit, of those concerned in it. Mr Cherbury, one of.the.speakers (says the Gee long Advertiser), announced that their preacher; Mr Wallace; .'who, ’through his blindness, was, of course, unable tp.use ah'.otdinary Bible, had; not a complete one in raised characters- suited to those who . were without'sight. -He asked that a sum might-be’ raised towards purchasing him bne,ahd 'an individual, who cectaioly did not look as though he belonged to the purple and fine linen-order of mao, stood up and said he would give 10s. Others quickly volunteered, and in less thah.fiTe.mioutes £5 was. contributed,,, mdstly,' in hard ■ casino.i.The collection tpirevioiialy taken up amounted'to £4'-la Bd. ■ .-*• :-ji” The, Illustrated Australian News for June.is.a very ’good number.; It contains. .engravings ebowing’the; way in'which "Weiberg .was ,captured, the opening of tha Queenscliff.} rail way, a Jyieiyipt Apollo Bay, bhd .several illustrations in connection with the Gippsland !fishing agitation. . ■ ••■ ■■ ■ The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Adver tiser says:—“ Whether-it is owing to the depressed state of things "generally I kffow riot, btif-certain.it'is that our' Government departments are at present thronged with applioants'. for employment of any sort whatever. ' It is'really pitifuHo’see groups, of strong able-bodied,men: hanging about awaiting anxiously, like Macawber, for something to turn up.” ;Th st&tei; that tha Government' has resolved tq.tako.ateps to, bring,to justice the.parties implicated in the' imposition practised upon selectors in the Horsham district; ’The police have: already received inStfuctions 'to tak'e steps in the matter, and an indi vidual whose. bperati?ns,have'iinyolyed many settlers in serious difficulties will hot be allowed . to. leave the country until his proceedings have been brought;before. a'conrFqf justice." -It is;morothan'prqbable that ha wHl'be]prosecuted” for 'forgery,', and" jyhen‘ the trial takes°plaob.some',vef^.'important’ 1 facts' Will doubtless • be.brqughritq'iigh'l, ■ Judging from (says the Stawell Ohro niole) the Government statistics in reference to the lastl harvest yield are not very far astray. Those who have been buying wfieat'largely have,’ it’seamsy made-every possible;enquiry, as to the‘quantities which are at ‘presentrield “by the producers^'and'jthe prices now that fhesb ara : by dbmparison small.’ The market here is, advancing rapidly; .antj-although bad roads and farm. work, are stated.as the cause of so little grain being aen t ( or , known to some at least that the I*° it • hand would seem to bear out ? ntof average stated in the Gazette n* ttttth ot thfr ® and indeed ever since the nnbliH" lB tlla last*? tables alluded to, ■>« the,» ing. On Monday, at StaweU f stea % adH bushel was offered Tt ; a v* or eia ®ple 5, . ,IJt there were a number of farmT 0 H Che IE their mind, to hold tor the most being compelled by neceSh, aot “4 season the quality of tha W:™ tj 10 ,aa l«e. T? .passed, that o£ any other and whei ‘ buyers have turned 7 their attend’ tha I*4«t -A few days ago a samp e i“ th «« with that which won the S tionrand the Wimmera gfain is EiS superior. said he Wa learn from the Arms tw , meeting of the council of tha Nail “Ned ■Protection League was held afe orni 2 Monday evening. Mr Fisher, vL d Lm M - hal l os the chair, and, the Minister ofSH 6 ®* 1 “"“fa present : The business of the Jhe final arrangements 5a connection “ -.T"' *BAs Terences of delegates from all the u H con, the colony, to £ held in the ll e street, on Tuesday and 1 t HRoshS .On the first evening of given to tha Hon. Graham Berry will be his return to the colony, and W D “ the success of his mission." IT. al . 9hl ®opoii tickets . for the banquet fa aa I pnce °t the 10s 6d, but the printed progrtmelL whether, as on the oocashw of tb BOt ' bt o banquet at the Town-hall a V. 9 en H will convey : the holder free on the n! q " et *«*tt ways from any part of the colon, to ta""*” I " 3 ' half-jparly public meeting of t-ST Tha subsequently, when Mr Barry will S t ' U ba kid on; The Embassy and its .Results " u “i« ■ lBB is the new platform of the nasty whirl, v proved by the council, and'wi/be snhn!;,, aP conference for its consideration and EnH I? tkl 1\. Constitutional reform.- 2 A nrntrr,H n ? abim: '- S., The . letting of all. Crown ZTnnan hnil > terms, and the subdivision and re-letiEE! saiN5 ai N lands for adequate rents. 4 The ~-8 , pastonj -where necessary,-the extension of the pZT! tive policy., 5. Electoral reform-(al the plural votes, (s)'the adjustment of «p*Sr“> a! - populntion, (c) the making of voting ® to The Establishment of a national bank ft* 1 Payment of members. 8. Th« { t i,fi, a UQe * h mining interests of the colony. ruc * of The conduct of the Minister of Railways m i.w possession of a portion of Flinders Park and Ji J* for railway purposes without consulting tl,. ! 8 “ hon. who are co-trustees of the reserve with itET”; of Land and Works, was brought SI E H the City Counci l on Monday.andonthetcoamEH of the legislative committee it was resolved r-7T Argus) that a request should be mafc S as to the decision of the law officers of the fw"* the question, •• sojs to facilitate whatever * be deemed desirable, or, if neceagarv to mnu J 7* for defending the intent of the !5 by the Crown grants of city parks" Ths council agreed to communicate with the Minuter of Msm suggesting the desirability of reducing the chareaS the carnage of fish from Qippsland, and staling iklr With the view of fostering the trade in &[, ,«/. Provision is to be made in the Eastern Market for ffii accommodation of retail fishmongers. ‘ - ■ The Comus Club’announce their programme iiij morning. There is-now an opportunity for reheaak which the club did not have for their late p er W ance, on account of the Uncle Tom’s Cabin Com™, being in occupation of the Academy. A satufacton rehearsal was held last night, and another is called for to-night;at the Academy. . Mr . D’Arcy Read announces in our sdred®? column’s ; that he will give a season of six nights of his extraordinary Ghost exhibition at the Alfred-hilL cqmmencing on, Monday next, the 9th instant. He .Ghost when last exhibited in Ballarat was seen st a “great disadvantage in consequence oi theAcadesj. being unsuited,for an exhibition of the kind. Hrl Read, therefore, has chosen the above hall, inwhich he will erect his own stage with proper scenic fleet* &c.f; feeling confident that the splendid notices h>hr ’ received from the up-country press will be fully boms out in Ballarat. The exhibition is, certainly, a core! one,, and well worth a visit from alHcliEsa’ AM company of dancers and vocalists will appear, sad 111 charge for admission will be small. J 