Tim MAIKK BAO QUESTION-.-Yesterday evoninij wo received tho' following telegram from a well-known linn. "SVDNKV, tflllll.W, (1*40 [1.111. " An inlliiontinl meeting of agents and liuyurs was held this day. Tho meeting passed resulntions thnt in sales lings uro lo he weighed mid given in. Bushel of maize to ho ölilbs." Tm: LATH COLLISION AT SEA.- Tho account of tho collision between tho Barrabool and Donnie Dundee, steamers, with tho luss of live) lives, was received in llrnfton on Tuesday with iinuiiiiglcd feelings of sorrow and rogrot. Tho throo lady passengers wore known and esteeiuod by ninny residents on tho Cla- rence, and much sympathy is expressed fur .Mr. Brown in the calamity whian has so suddenly removed from him ii beloved wifo mid daughter. Tho miraculous escape of Mr, C. Blum's littlo daughter is tho only re- deeming feature in tho catastrophe, and fow will fail to drop n tear to thu memory of tho bravo stewardess, who, deserted by tho crew, was moro mindful of tho child's lifo than her own. Tho loss to tho iiwiiem is happily to il hugo extent covered by insurance, but besides actual monetary loss, tho busy season is just setting iu whon their steamer would bo in activo doiumul. Tm: COLONIAL SUOAII UKFININII COMPANY'* MILLS. -A report is cnn cut nu thu Clnronco mid Richmond Hivers that it is tho intention of tho Company tn ro mnvo ono of their three mills ill this district to thu liichnioud. Wo mo able to givo tho rumour a posi- tivo contradiction. Indeed, the Company mo making extensivo alterations and additions to all the mills for the coming season. Wo also learn that it is highly probable the Company wilt erect n now mill, with all tho latest improvements, on thu iîichmond llivor, nod thus udd greatly to thu prosperity of that nourish- ing district. Tun P'OIITIK OMINO Eximirnos.-Wo would remind iiur leaders Unit entries fur thu Annual Exhibition of tho Chilenen l'nstornl and Agricultural Society close on Tuesday next, the ISth instant, lt would greatly facilitate thu work if intending exhibitors would tiuike their entries prior to that dato. This hus already been done tu the number of .'lilt) entries up to yestorday evening, mid wu hope to lie able to report ill our next ¡sano double that number. Tm: Ei.ia.roii.u. linn, is now open for inspection nt the Court-iiou.se. Thu miiiibur nf uleotors ill the Clureiico district is '.VMS, thu Iticlimond HISS, and thu Tweed 1 ôtl-luakiiigaltiigutliei'ii total of ßü.'ltidoctors. Mu. COLLINS' 1 *I IOTIH I I t A i'll IC UALI.KIIY.-A visit to thc ubnvu gallery in Victoria-street shows that Mr Col Muslins been largely patronised during his few months' practico in I! raf ton. Thu photographs nru cloar and distinct, and eipml to any turned out from tho moro prutentiou.1 gulleries in ¡Syilnuy. Tin: CI.AIIA .Si'KriiKNsox DIIAMATIO COMPANY. This Company closed a very successful season in tîraftoii tm Thursday evening last, and leavo this morning fur Olen Innes mut thence towards .Sydnoy. 1'rinr engagements cumpoHcd tho company to lcuv«s bumper Jinnies nightly iu Grafton. Wu aro glad tu learn that Miss Stephenson is so well satisfied with tho pecuniary tcatilt of thu season, and thu manner in which thu Ciuupuuy has been received, that she bus resolved to bccoiuu li yearly and woleomo visitor to ti raf toil. TUN onus.-Tenders ure invited for works nu thu roads- Armidale to(iini'tuii. Contracts l-ll, 'J-!!, and Ji n. ; Armidale tu Kock Vnlo : Armidnle to Mihi Creek ; -Anúblalo to Salisbury Plain ; Armidale to Yiirniwick ; Tenders tn be loft with tho clerk of I'etty Sessions, Armidale, by noun of tho "ñth instant. INSOLVENCY MKITI'IN'II.-lu tho estate of .laines diehard Tliuarle, ol'(lial'tnn, ii Hist mid.only meeting i will be hold nt tho Court-house, Grafton, on Krhlay, KSI h April, KAT .S i nei;.-Wu hoar that another draft of western fat eattlo arrived yesterday to tho South Grafton (ind dorks. These cattle cnmejfi'nm thu Macintyre Uiver, limn thu well-known herd of .lohn ilrowiie, Esq., of the Hunter. They hnvu hedi inspected hy old resi- dents of tho district, good judges of fat stock, who state that for weight, quality mid thick Int, they have seen nothing liku them lu tho district for the last twenty yours. They will ho odored at auction at thu Pound Yardi, North Grafton, on Wudnesdny next, Illili Instant. li.MKiiY's.Sociahlo will Icnvo Greer's Ilotol nt (io'clock on Monday morning for Smith's Flat, to convoy in- tending purchasers tu thu salo of \V. A. Graingur's Kstato.-Anv. ST. I'ATIIK'IC'K DAS'.-.Moiulny nuxt is tho miniver, sary of thu patron saint nf tho Knierald Isle, mid will he duly observed on thu Clarence-lit North Ann and Lawrence by races, mid Brushgrove with athletic sports. LAWIIKM I: li.vuns.-The following aro tho entrances for the Maiden Plum and Handicap, with weights for the latter nice, to be run for ut Lawrence ou Munday next i .MAiiiKX runt II. Small's Iliehmunil, ngotl H. Henderson's llluoholl, 4 years H. O'Connor's Cossack, aged .1. Manning's Blackboy, aged. 1 IAN IIIL A I". St. lbs. .I. Manning's Tartar. P - G. Davison's Ilirufoot . 7 IO H. Small's liiolunoml. 7 tl Mu. H. MAi'itn.'i: lins withdrawn from our adver- tising columns tho salo of Mr. Thorpe's allotment in Queuii-strcut, butween Powell and Hoof streets, hay. lng sold lt piiviitcly for i'ti/iO. Travel wilclo wo may throughout tho Australian colon ins, wo lind tho favourite mid most ¡generally used bc verano to bo tun. In tho ulty it obtains a place on evory tabla nt least onoo a day, whilst in tho hush tho kottlo is always boiling, mid tun over ready to änonah the thirst induced by thu broiling sun. uroly ¡tis nf importance, tlioroforo, to every colonist that au nrliulc in such universal consumption should ho of rolinblu noni I ty. in tho Oriental Tan Company's l'aoket Teas you got thu vury thing rcipiirud, Try them »...' voa will Hud them superior to .ill others, POSTAL X) jr LAY.-Wo aro informed by a Tweed Ttivor correspondent of a vory son'ouB delny in tbo transmission of mails from Graf ton and other parts on to tho Tweed Uiver. Tho hitch appears to ho at tho Lismore post-oilico, whoro. tho mailman's hour of arrival is fixed at a fow hours aftor tho dopnrtiiro of tho.Tweed Uiver mail, and the consequence is tho mail lies in tho Lisinoru ollice for almost a wholo weuk. OurTuuod friend advises to forward lettors via Sydney und Brisbane as tho speedier route j but surely a little dovetailing of the arrangements might obviate this. Letters posted in Grafton ought to roach tho Tweed in-IS hours if a little attention waa bestowed on tho matter. CLAIIKXOE PAäTOllAI.ANnAoillOUI.TfUAI.SOC'ICTY. A eoiiimitteu meeting was hold on Tuesday last. Pro sent-T. Cr. Hewitt (in tho chair), Messrs P. Cassidy, G. Crispin, A. Murray, W. Eaton, T. Kggins, T, Bawden, J. O'KooUo, 'J'. C. Woods, J. Meillon (trea- surer), and T. Pago (secretary). Tho.minutes.nf Inst meeting wura rend and cmiflruiod. Pnymeut of two accounts, amounting to ¿"1 lös, was ordcrud to bo paid. A lotter was read from tliuBiiroughCouuoii, stating that photographs and statistical information would bo sup- plied for tho Sydney Exhibition through thu com- mittee of thu society. Tho Secretary reported that 200 entries had been made up to dato. A sub-coin mitten, consisting of Messrs. J. U'IC cello, V. Cassidy, and tho Secretary, was appointed to ninlte arrange- ments for tho Exhibition dinner, to bu huid nu tho second day of thu show. An executive committee, consisting of the President, Messrs. T. G. .Hewitt, .1. lt. Munro, J. O'KeelTu, anil tho Seorotnry, was ap- pointed to deal with all matters that may arise during thu holding of tho Exhibition, lt was resolved that u catalogue of the exhibits bo published by tho Secre- tary, and sold at (jil per copy. Tho meeting then adjourned until friday, 2lst instant. SALI: or BOOTHS.-On Thursday Inst MrT. Bawden disposed of the publicans' mid refreshment booths, nod paddock, for tho forthcoming Exhibition, nt satis- factory prices. Tho permanent booth was bought by Mr CV Page, fori.'2(¡; No. 2 by Mr. .1. Laird, for XII). Tho two temperance booths wera bought by Air Mosoly for £0 10s ouch ; thu paddock brought ¿2. Kusu AND LAVCOCK,-Wo mo plonsod tn lio nbloto statu timt Mr Hush is fast gutting into form. Wo have iittlo doubt as to Iiis condition on tho dav of tba contest (bar accident), as ho continues to ta I; o activo exorcise, both iii and out of his bunt, and lins expressed nu opinion that ho will bo ns ¡lt as hu was when ho rowed tho great ruco at Grafton. We undoistnud that Laycock is in good form, but do not think hu is good uuoiigh.-Lniccr Clarence Athmntc. TiiAVKi.i.isn STOCK.-On Saturday two Hocks of fat sheep, numbering ;¡UÜÜ, campad iii thu .'ieiiiity of tho tuwn. They waru en route from (J lilley station, on tho Ul" Uiver, to thu Kainoruio Moat Preserving Works. Tliis establishment is wholly supplied from tho West with this description of Btock, and wu under- stand thut up to tho and of tho II ion th this season's purchases moonlit to upwards of 10,000 fat sbeup. Glen Innes Examiner, Marob loth, LANII SAM:.-At tho Poliea-ollico, Casino, on Wed- nesday, tho Ililli April, tho following country lots will bu otl'ored :-bot A, 10S acres, county Muller, parish Kangaroo; li, 107 nares, colliny Huller, parish Coutts; C, b'7 acres; I), Gt ucrcs; 1*1, 04 acres; 1»\ iii acres ; tl, l.'iü acres ; Ii, f>7 acres ; 1, (iii acres, ouunty llullur, parish Tooloom ; J, -13 acres ; K, (¡I acres ; L, 73 acres ; M, !>'.> acres ; N, ô t aeras ; (J, ol aeros ; 1', 41) aeres ; Q, 5*2 acres ; all on or noni' both banks of Tooloom mid ilcuury Crooks, mid ex- tending with intervals, from tho north-east coi uer of portion No. (¡8, of "ill acres, in tho parish of Tooloom up tho former crook, about ö.} miles, and ad joining and near parts of the oust and wost boundaries nf ru servo No. 'ISS, and lying about "-milo westorly, from thu lloo-hivu or South Obelisk. Tabulam run. Tun Ni:w EUXTOIIAI. LISTS.-Tho Govarnmont Printing Ullico lins again given evidence of its utility os a public institution, by tho despatch with which tho new doctoral lists luivu been printed. Thu num- ber of pages of which tho lists for tho (ifty-oight doc- torates of thu colony consist, is 24112, and tlieso have been put together, corrected, revised, and printed in thirty- foiir.woi'khig days. Tho number of olectors on tho rolls (including Queensland) in ISSI), was 74,ô.'!l, thu number in 187b-!) is 170,470, whilst that on tho now roll for 1S7D-S0 is \~(j,b',i~, or noarly two and n half times thu number on tho roll of twenty years ugo, tho actual increase ill that period being I02,()l)(! electors. This is what thu interdi Timen says of a Shakes- pearian ravivai at Glen limos :-Tho Church of Ung land minister, tho Hov. W. II, Cooper, unacted 'Hamlet, but no ono could emphatically exclaim "This is tho Oano that Shakespeare chow," for ho mouthed tho part with a rich Irish broguo. Mr. Fergusson played tho ghost, mut luokcd liku u grunt silvur-lish about to attack a brief. TUR Iiiring of tito singlo mon mid married couples who lately arrived in tho immigrant ship Blair Athol was proceeded with ut Fort Macquarie last Saturday, and, judgiu;; fruin t'-.a number uf applicants for ser- vants upcountry, wo HIIOIIIII iinngiuo labour was very scarce inland. A considerable number of single mun were engaged for up-country work, nt .i'.'lô pur annum and «rory flung found. Married couples wera engngod at A'iiO to £8i Jier annum, and thuro were several oiigaguuieutH tn good mun mailo nt ,°IUs per week and J house accommodation, but to Hud themselves. Uno j applicant for a married couple offered £7S with a cottage, 11ml themselves, nutt tho oller of assistance to furnish it, but could not bu accommodated. Many of thu immigrants hnvu been engaged outside tho depart- ment, and huve gouo away, ¡nit those in hand having nu iden they ure hoing lind, decline engaging fora fuw days, thinking they will got moro money. SAD UAHII.-Two pour young Danos arrived in Brisbane lately by thu Fritz.Hunter, having come out to join their uncle, a fanner named Mst, who lives in this district. Thuy were almost penniless, and applied tu bu sent to Maryborough, but their request was refused, so they started tu walk overland. Being ignorant of tho language mid without money, thoy must hnvu HU (lured great hardships on the way. Un Friday Inst they reached Tiaro, and both wuro in a very cxhuustod state, Andreas, thu elder brother, aged 20, complaining of a violent headache. A short distuueu from Tiaro ii kind-hearted woman made ten fur them, mid they continued thuir journey, but in a milo or two Andreas succumbed tu thu heat mid lay down mid died. Au inquiry into thu can io nf death waa held boforo Mr. Bailey, who lins forwarded u statement of tho facts lo the Coluuial Secretary. Witto thy A'cir.i. UiuMMiATluN.-Sumo paltry Colmia lmvo lately uinile thu consecrated products nf thu Murial Ground tho theatre of their depredatory hankering for old iron. Wo uro informed that stuploR mid lock«, und uthur fastenings, iiavo huon fnroibly wrenched ami priiicd from thu wooden enclosures of several graven, and carried away, lt ¡9 tu ho hoped thu shninoluss per- petrator!! will speedily hu duluutcd and exposed. ï'ciitccjeltl atm; SAD ACCIDENT. We regret to have to chronicle a sad and fatal accident that occurred on Thursday last at Bryan's Gap. It seems that Andrew Mann, who has the contract for forming the road between Tenterfield and Barney Downs, had occasion to take rations for the men in his employ, and for that pur- pose was using his spring-cart and horse. Immediately he started from his own place, the horse became res- tive and bolted, and ran into a clump of rocks close to the residence of Mr. Finnerty, capsizing the cart. Mann was thrown out on to his head, the spring cart falling on top of him. The unfortunate fellow was immediately convoyed to Mr. Finnerty's, and Dr. Bateman sent for, but before that gentleman arrived Mann had expired. Deceased was a married man, and has left wife and six children, for whom much sympathy is felt. He was well known about town, having for some time pursued the occupation of road contractor. —Tenterfield Star. Tun BUICK or UKKK OX TUR ÜICIIMOXI-.-A but- cher in Casino advertises primo joints, steaks, mid boiling pieces at'¿¿il. pur lb ; cash, nt tho block, 'Jil., with nu intimation [lint further reductions will be unido sh«uld times got harder. Two other butchers advertise their prices nt Mil. delivered, and '-'Jd. em-h. Tho Grafton pi ¡co is -ld. pur lb. A l'uooiti'Aiivu (!) Socnrrv.-At li committee meet- ing of tho Agricultural Society (says tho Tenterfield Imlepcntlent) ti programmo of tho parading mid testing of thu horses was made, mid OH it being suggested that it be published, Mr, I, Wlusroiit thought it would he iiiuuh Lotter than all thu advertisements if a largo hlnaltboard with thu programme written thurouu was procured mid hung outside tho School of Arts. Mr. R lt. Whereat saul ho would lind tho eimile, where- upon Isaac's suggestion wns agreed to. Wo really thought at oiiu tune that, hefnra thu lattur gentleman tlnishud speaking on tho sn bj oct, ho would have prof- fered his services to curry thu said board un bis back round thc town in order to ma ku it u success, A hank deposit receipt far illOQU was found blowing about in Coloinbo-struat, Christchurch, recently, Tho owner wan eventually found, and thu picker-upof this unconsidered trillu received a hnudsoiuc present. 