PRAYING FOR WHAT WE DON'T EXPECT. " I was once," narrates a clergyman, a staying with a gentleman who was a very religious kind of man ; and in the morning he began the day with a long family prayer, that we might have a Christ-like spirit, and the mind that was also in Christ Jesus ; and that we might have the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given to us. A beautiful prayer it was, and I thought, what a good kind of man you must be. But about an hour after, I happened to be coming along the farm, and I heard him hallooing, and scolding, and finding fault with everything. And when I came in the house with him he began again. Nothing was right, and lie was, I found, very impatient and quick-tempered. ' 'Tig very provoking to be annoyed in this way, Daniel. I don't know what servants in these times are good for but to worry and vex one with their idle, slovenly ways.' I did not reply for a minute or two. And then I s.iid : ' You must be very much disappointed, sir.' 'How so, Daniel? Disappointed ?' 4 1 thought you were expecting to receive a very valuable present this morning, and I see it has not come.' 4 Present, Daniel V and he scratchcd his head, as much as to say, • Whatever can the man be talking about ' I certainly heard you speaking of it, sir,' I said quite coolly, 4 Heard me speak of a valuably present. Why, Daniel, you must be dreaming. I've never thought ot such a thing.' ' Perhaps not, but you've talked about it; and I hoped it would come whilst I was here, for I should dearly love to see it.' He was getting angry with me now, so I thought I would explain. ' You know, sir, this morning you prayed for a Christ-like spirit, and the mind that was in Jesus, and the love of God shed abroad in your heart.' ' Oh, that's what you mean, is it!" and he spoke as if that weren't anything at all. ' Now, sir, wouldn't you be rather surprised if your prayer was to be answered 1 If you were to feel a nice, gentle, loving kind of spirit coming down upon you, all patient, and forgiving, and kind 1 Why, I believe you would become quite frightened ; and you'd come in and sit down in a faint, and imagine that you must be going to die, because you felt so heavenly minded p He did not like it very much, but I delivered my testimony, and learned a lesson for myself too. We should stare very often if the Lord was to answer our prayer." 