Mr. Creswick as Hamlet. The theatre was crowded last night by eager expectants to behold Mr. Creswick's transforma- tion into Hamlet. Never in our experience of Brisbane have we witnessed a performance even second to this superb personation. Those who are familiar with dramatic criticism in the English Press are aware that Hamlet is generally considered his greatest part, and we consequently looked with intensest interest to the coming events and by an immeasurable interval were our anticipations exceeded by the acting of Mr Creswick. From his first appearance on the ramparts until his dying moment there was not a word or question of his which did not show study of a nature sure to master the true interpretation of the poet's thoughts. His by-play was the highest art which is the concealment of art ; nor could we conceive the possibility of a man placed in Hamlet's position choosing a better means of revealing his thoughts and distorted motives, than by the wondrous elocution and physical bearing of this great tragedian. We cannot command space sufficient to enumerate his many splendid utterances, not one of which was exaggerated, but we must not omit his delivery of the monologue, O, that this too, too solid flesh would melt, he. nor his scenes with his two college friends, nor the difficult passage, " To be or not to be." En passant, we may remark that the punctuation of a few lines in this soliloquy is undoubtedly wrong, and it is strange that neither actor nor editor has ever seemed to be aware of the fact. The lines should run thus To die, to sleep ; To sleep : perchance to dream : ny, there's the rub For, in that sleep of death what dreams may come when we have been fired off this mortal coil) Must give us pause. The grammatical structure of the sentence is say, there's the rub [that is, difficulty] which [understood] must give us pause [that is, which must bring us to a standstill] for what fearful dreams may come namely, when we are in the grave. The two lines are thus parenthetical, and the pronoun " which " is the subject of must give. It is very pleasing to add all the company gave much satisfaction. There was not a single contretemps, all being thoroughly well up in their parts. Mr, Welsh made an excellent Polonius character which affords great temptation towards overacting, but was not in this case overstrained. Mr. Holloway rendered the Ghost very creditably, an arduous undertaking. It seems almost unfair to select namesforeulogy, when everyone was good even to the gravediggers, the first of whom was remarkably quaint and interesting. Miss Ashton was-as it was predicted enchanting in Ophelia. In truth, her last scene was unsurpassable. In conclusion, we trust that the success which is attending the risky enterprise of Mr. Shepperson will induce him to establish a system of procuring the best dramatic talent periodically to vent this colony. The effects of such a proceeding would soon be experienced by society at large both in taste and habits. A contributor lately noticed in this journal the sight of a very large attendance of ladies at the representation of " King Lear ;" there were even more last night, and what was also satisfactory was the presence of well known and worthy clergymen. This is as it should be, for unquestionably the deterioration of the British stage during the last half century was chiefly owing to the general absence of the religious classes from the theatres, and to the lowering of the tone of theatrical performances so as to suit the taste of an inferior order of patrons. We had forgotten to mention by way of information that Polonius and the First Player ought to pronounce the word nobbled and not mob-led in Act 2, scene 2. 