Intercolonial News. Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] March 3. TUESDAY, February 25, was a great day for New South Wales-one that is sure to contribute an important item to future colonial almanacs. It is about ten years since the Duke of Edinburgh laid the foundation-atone of Cap tain Cook's statue, and since that time, up to last week, the pedestal has been a standing reproach to Australian patriotism. It was old Captain Watson that first suggested the idea of a atatue to the memory of Cook, and the hardy old Balt has lived to see the project happily carried out He was " presented "to the Governor on the occasion of the unveiling the statue, and was' looked upon as a sort of hero and benefactor. An immense concourse of people assembled in and about Hyde Park to ace the atatue of the great navigator unveiled. The day was proclaimed a publio holiday, and as the weather was favorable the people turned out in great force to do honor to the memory of the man who discovered their country. It is estimated that there were between fifty and sixty thousand people present, in cluding, of course, all the leading personages of the colony—except the Chief Justice—who never is to be seen in the same company with Sir Hercules Robinson. The hatchet is still un buried between them, I am sorry to say. A great feature in the demonstration waa the entente cordiale of hostile societies. They buried the hatchet in earnest. Fancy Orange and Catholic societies marching together in the same prooesaion, displaying their regalia, and, by mutual agreement, playing party tunes such as "Croppies, lie down," and "Protestant boys," and extending to each other the right hand of friendship and goodwill. Why, in "another place" they would be flying at each other's throats. Here they exchanged luaty British cheers. For some reason or other, whioh was never satisfactorily explained, Sir Hercules Robinson fixed the hour for the ceremony at half-past 4 in the afternoon, and all the solicitations of the committee, backed up by the requests of the friendly societies and by the force ef public opinion, failed to move him to unveil the statue at noon. There was even a day's racing at Rand wick, whioh his Excellency could nothaveattended had he agreed to the request of the oommittee, and that was a powerful attraction. However, the whole affair passed off with immense eclat. Sir Hercules made a capital speech, but it was heard byoomparativelyfew,and those who wished to know what the speaker said bad to search the newspapers next day. Sir Hercules Robinson prepares all his important speeches beforehand, and hands the manuscript to the reporters. This time he was biographical and didactic—giving a capital sketch of the life of Cook and holding him up as an example for Australians to follow—a man of infinite courage, fortitude, patienoe, self-denial, and resource, and who was unsurpassed in the two great elements of social virtue—respect for the rights of others and sympathy for their sufferings. When his Excel lency finished his rather lengthy speech he directed the statue to be unveiled. It was en veloped in an ample flag, and six seamen (chosen for their length of service and good conduct) hoisted the bunting and revealed the finest specimen of the sculptor's art that has ever crossed the line. The artist is Thomas Woolner, and this iB said to be his beat work. Tbe statue is in bronze, and measures 18ft 6in. from crown to foot It stands on a pedestal of between twenty and thirty feet in height, and faces north-north-east The site is in that portion of Hyde Park south which immediately faces the Sydney Museum in College-street ; and Park street, which runs through the park, is directly in front of the statue. The figure, therefore, commands a fine view of the harbor and tbe heads. It can be Been from vessels coming up Port Jackaon. Notwithstanding its massiveness, the attitude of the figure iB easy and natural. In the left hand he holds a closed telescope, while the right arm is raised and the hand open, seem ing to point in triumph to the ocean beyond. The drapery is most artistically revealed—the open laced coat and buttoned vest enveloping a faultless figure, and being in keeping with the kneejbreechesand buckledshoes of the period. The lines of the face are strongly marked ; the ex pression being one of severity rather than of re pose. Several good illustrations of the statue have been published in Sydney, and Sands and Co. have issued a capital lithograph of Cook. Perhaps the moat curious effect of the demonstra tion ia the prolific crop of poets (?) tbe occasion has called forth. One superannuated Civil ser vant was taken very bad that way, and Mr. G. H. Reid, the free-trade essayist, must needs swell the list of gushers. Mr. R. Adams has contributed a very respectable poem—the only readable one I have seen ; but Mr. Adams is a poet—the reat very indifferent rhymers. Sir Hercules Robinson's departure is definitely fixed for March 15. His Excellency will not, therefore, be able to attend tbe return ball to the Mayor, which takes place on May 7. Political affairs have been quiet during the week, but the business transacted was not un important. The Council promptly passed the Felons' Apprehension Bill at one sitting, and returned it with amendments to tbe Assembly; the Assembly sent it back with a new amend ment ; and the Council effected yet another alteration, in which the Assembly concurred, and so the measure became law. We hear nothing of the Kellys yet, and an impression ia getting abroad that they have left Victorian territory and bo given the police the Blip. But it was a great satisfaction to hear of tbe speedy arrest of the two gangs that started in the bush ranging business in New South Wales. Thiß iB a feather in the cap of our police. The Premier thought the information good enough to officially communicate to the Assembly, where it was well received. There is an easier feeling in banking circles since these arrests were made. And, talking of banks, a bill has been passed by the Assembly that will require, if it become law, all monetary institutions, whether issniug notes or not, to publish a statement of their assets and liabilities periodically. Thia is with a view to the protection of the public. And from banking to public finance ia an easy and natural transition. Members of the Assembly generally are anxious to hear what Mr. Stuart would have to say about Mr. Watson's budget speech, especially as hiß recent trip to Europe must have added to bis experience of monetary affairs. Well, thia crack financier, who is a powerful friend of the Government, spoke chiefly in a strain of warning, the burden of his Bong being an exhortation to put on more taxes and depend less upon the proceeda of our land sales for meeting our engagements. It is not the first time this same note of warning has been heard within the Legislative balls, and probably it will not be the last. Whatever Qoverument proposes addi tional taxation is sure to encounter a storm of opposition, under the plea that the additional charges proposed are not the right sort, and the " poor man's friend" will of course be well to the fore in the encounter. Several of the speakers during the financial debate were down on the Oovernment with great severity for not having proposed additional taxation, among the loudest of the critics being that equivocal supporter Mr. Greenwood, who went the length of saying that he felt, like Falstaff, ashamed to march through Coventry with such a ragged army. He strains at comparisons as well as at gnats, you see. This gentleman is eternally prating about party Government; yet hiß party are barely ensconced in the Treasury benches when he takes the first opportunity of turning traitor by playing them off into the hands of the Oppo sition because they don't conform to all his notions. The truth is, scarcely anybody ex pected a proposal to alter the tariff from the present Government during the first session of their reign. What is really desired is to olose the session with as little delay as possible; and the programme is already too lengthy without encumbering it with that exceedingly debatable subject an altered tariff. There is a good three months' work cut out for the Parliament now. The financial debate is not concluded, the Sydney Corporation Bill has to be recommitted, the Land Bill has not yet been read a second time, the Estimates have not been touched, and there is tbe Chinese Immigration Bill, tbe Liquor Licensing Bill, and the Water Supply Bill, all subjects of first-rate importance, to be taken up and disposed of before the session doses, besides miscellaneous matters of minor significance. Mentioning the Corpora tion Bill reminds me that the liberal endowment proposed in that measure (and which has been anticipated by a special vote of £25,000 to save the city affairs from s, deadlock) has stimulated the country and suburban municipalities to send in a claim to the Government for a special en dowment It is an organised scramble. The claimants went about it in a sensible way, the claim being presented by a deputation of some thirty members of Parliament A Government that could resist such a pressure as that would be a phenomenon in this country. What is wanted is an amount equal to the rates of each municipality in the oolony for the year. And it is understood that this little shot at the big bag will come off triumphantly for the shooters. As to the City Corporation, their affairs were really getting serious. Last week over 200 of the laborers were discharged, and there was some talk of the gas supply being out off from the Corporation lamps. The civic authorities, however, have been put on their legs again by the Parliamentary vote of £25,000, whioh was passed in the Temporary Supply Bill for Feb ruary. The council of the Agricultural Society are pushing forward their arrangements for the April show, which is to do duty this year for the annual Intercolonial Exhibition ; but the unfor tunate impecuniosity of the City Council has operated against them, inasmuch as the muni cipal authorities are ghosting the society about a " little bill" of £500, which the society are not prepared to pay till the show is over; and the council is also unable to put the show ground in proper order for the reception of exhibits. More trouble and expense for the society. The autumn show of the Horticultural Society of New South Wales was held last week in the Botanical Gardens, and, as usual, was a source of gratification and delight to a large number ot people. These floral and shrub displays are the oases of city life, and cover a multitude of its defects. Last week the annual meeting of the sub scribers to the Sydney Infirmary—the principal hospital in the country—was held, and a satis factory report was presented. The directors have left off quarrelling with each other, and are doing good honest work for the sick and dis tressed. The ruins of the old structure are fast disappearing, and competitive designs for the new building are now under consideration. Weather very variable. The autumn has been ushered in with bountiful rains, which will do an immense amount of good to the oountry. It waa a matter of some little surprise (says the Herald) to many of the mercantile commu nity of Sydney to find that the English mails which arrived in Melbourne by the Suez mail steamer late on Saturday evening were delivered in Sydney on Monday morniug. We are in formed that the time of conveying these mailc overland from Melbourne to Sydney was tie quickest on record. The letters were not landed from tbe steamer in time for the regular train, but a Bpecial train was put on, which left Mel bourne at 11 o'clock on Saturday night. Tbe time occupied in transit was thirty-two hours, for the mails reached Sydney by the ordinary southern mail train at 7 o'clock on Monday morning, and they were delivered in the city at a quarter-past 9. When it is remembered that ninety miles of the journey had to be performed by coach, and that the mail was a very heavy one, it will be acknowledged that great praise is due to all concerned for their promptitude, and for the excellent arrangements which worked so well and prevented delay. 