YATALA NORTH. June 30.— The following nominations were received for Councillors : — Messrs. Richard Verco, J.P!, James Smith, A. M. Goodall, G. Burnett, and John Dunkley. Messrs. C. Talbot and A. Wittber were elected Auditors. June 30. — Council Meeting — Present— All. A letter from the Crown Lands Office stated that the grant-in-aid had been paid into the Bank less £3 18s. 8d ; to be enquired into. Central Road Board wrote stating that the application for half cost of making spoondraih, ^Judd's road. was referred to Superintending Surveyor. Dr. MacLachlan appointed medical attendant to the destitute poor. Vote of thanks passed to Chairman for the able and courteous manner in which he had fulfilled his duties during the last two years. Receipts, £16 16s. 9d.; payments, £1517s.6d. ** Cow-Mding'b.as become such a common method of adjusting differences in Virginia, U.S., that serious attempts are being made to check the objectionable practice. The other day (says the Pall Mall Gazette of April 18) a Bill was introduced in the Senate making cow- _ hiding a felony, punishable by confinement in the Penitentiary for not less than two nor more than three years. This Bill was referred to a Committee, and came up in the Senate on the 1st inst., when a substitute was reported from the Committee, drafted by the Attorney-General of the State, fixing the punishment at not less than five nor more than ten years in the State prison, and a fine of not more than 500 dols. at the discretion of the Court. The proposal led to much discussion, though the Bill was opposed by only one Senator. In view, however, of the pending trial of a Mr. Pointdexter for the shooting of a man named Curtis in the City of Richmond oh the 3rd of March, which ' grew out of the Poindexter cow-hiding of Curtis,' and the ap proaching adjournment of the General As sembly, the matter was 'tabled' by a vote of twelve to ten. In the meantime Poindexter, who first cow-hided Curtis and then shot him, seems likely to escape any very disagreeable conse quences. The Jury at his trial for murder were unable to agree, and were therefore discharged. Five, it is stated, stood for murder in the second degree, five for voluntary manslaughter, and two for acquittal, or at most for *' involuntary man slaughter.' The second-degree men were wil ling to come down to voluntary manslaughter, and make the punishment three years in the penitentiary; but thetwo who were'f or acquittal would only consent to punish the accused for involuntary manslaughter. Pointdexter has therefore to undergo the annoyance of a second trial. A strange ghost story (says the Birming ham Gazette) comes from Wales. There is a Friendly Society at Pontardawe, in the Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceased member shall not Jbe paid in cases of suicide. One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the Club accordingly refused to pay the death-money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members are now complaining that they are subjected to serious persecution from an unseen and presumably a ghostly agent. The manifestations began on a recent Sunday, when one of the officers, returning home over a lonely road, was assailed, as he asserts, by the spirit of the late member, who, failing to obtain a satisfactory reply to his demand for the money, in a somewhat unspiritlike manner assailed the unfortunate man, and actually *' tore his clothes to ribbons.' Such, at least, was the account he gave in tones of horror at the first public-house he came to after this terrific encounter. But the ghost does not appear to have been satisfied with this demon stration. On the following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assembled in the Lodge-room, the usual knocks were heard at the door as of a brother seeking admittance. The door was opened, but no one was to be seen. The members, however, are all very certain that they heard the voice of the deceased utter the words — ' Pay my widow my funeral money and then I shall be at rest.' The meeting precipitately broke up, and the members are now puzzled to know what to do with such a determined deceased brother. A return has been issued by the British Board of Trade which exhibits the growth of England's mercantile marine and of her foreign trade during the past forty years. In 1810 the British ships engaged in the foreign trade of the United Kingdom measured 6,490,485 tons ; in 1878 they measured 35.291,483 tons; the British tonnage in the foreign trade of the United Kingdom has thus been multiplied more than five and a half times. The foreign ships in 1840 measured 2,949,182 tons, and in 1878 they measured 16,303,596 tons, showing about the same growth. But in 1840 the British steam tonnage was only 603,048 ; in 1878 it was 25,441,200 tons, or about fifty times greater. The foreign steam tonnage rose from 128,507 tons to 5,115,514. It will be seen that it is in steamers the principal British growth has been. Of the whole British tonnage entered and cleared in the foreign trade, whether in cargo or .ballast, in 1878, five^sevenths consisted of steamers, whereas less than one-third of the foreign tonnage consisted of steamers. Now, one steamer is equal, according to ordinary cal culation, to three sailers; consequently, the real British superiority is very much greater than the figures just given show. If we confine our attention to vessels with cargoes the facts are precisely simi'ar. The British steamers with cargoes entered and cleared at ports of the United Kingdom in 1878 measured 22,124,501 tons, the foreign only 4,272,599 tons. Of foreign steamers the Germans were by far the moat nu merous, their tonnage being 957.316 tons against 130,699 American, 477,204 French, and 808,893 tens Dutch. 