THE SLEIGH DRIVE. SBr ERnA. " TRANSSLATgD EOR THE SYDSEY MAIL. (from- the Polish.) Christmas was at hand. A fertile east Galician.lain that .a few .months before'had presenited to the eye a sea of corn, was now covered with a mantle of snow. The villages, sur rounded by high walls of-snow, looked like winter fortifications. Here and there there might be seen a solitary mansion house, covered with bright coloured icicles. In the Kaiser Strasse, which led through the land to the east, lay the. low thatched cottages of the Kaieritz propeity. A ldii avenue led to the mansion. The high poplarabeing leafless, stood out like giant brooms against the sky, and were peopled by numerous crows; the hungry sparrows sat despondingly: bh the hedges: .The. mansion- hoseits- elf, a l;nng,highlstoried: building, was destitute of architectural beauty--it lay perfectly free from any protecting wall or surrounding hedge. Any curious passer-by had only to look I in at the window on the ground floor, I and there he would, see.in. the servants' i hall, the walls stuck over with picture, treating of sacred subjects. The servants, mostly clad in the pretty Russia-minor costume, sitting together; the coachman and valet at cards, and t the old nurse of, the, present .mistress telling the young women of Twardoski the necromancer, the Faust of Poland. t He who would be at the trouble of 1 lemblngone of the highl trees tn ffront of Kamientz. Sheet by the crackling woodlire, her feetrestingon an immense bearskin, while she'read a book, much thb worse' for wear.? It was thought iv.coneei?stble-that one boin to the full I enjoyment of life, one who natully shone in society, .and was, morever, hardly twenty-foui years of age, shb'ild prefer a monotonous country life to all I the gay pleasures-of.the townu: consider- c ingitoo,'that'Aldona was a highly in- ii tellectual and beautiful wonan. t As she sat there on'her low damask' t chair, her slim :figure envelopied in a a black velvet dress, and a jacket of that a same aristocratic material, her exqui- I .sitely -.foraied .head adorned with c: innumerable 'black plaits, she looked ti like a- dethroned queen or a banished. ti goddess. tl Adeep stillnessreigned. n all aroniid, s only broken at intervals hy the hoarse o: bark of the wolf hound that kept itatell ir near the house. The young mistress; sa however, was so engrossed in her book, tl that she neither heard the barking of w the dog, the crackling of the firewood yr the chirping of the cricket, nor the foot or step of the genitlemari just entering: cc He was a man so perfectly suited ti cl the beautiful woman who reclined there before him, as if he' had been made foi st her. Still, he was not handsome, nor sa had he that aristocratic bearing' that so in distinguished her; but, his appearance, like his inanner, wias of that stamp t' which constitutes realal:d true nobility. se An intellectual free mind along with cif an inflexible character. ' - sh Igor Mlanienro, a patrician squire, in all the neighbourhood,-. was. " of . middle ye height, but so strong and well propor- wi tioned was he, that lIe looked 'just the m: right thing,' not clumsy, noryet too tall. His weather-beaten face, high Roman dc nose, round firm chin, and severely fu black eyebrows could not conceal the good" nature and benevolence of"' his b3 ..... wholo -- hoinA. .--F i - s lrb-= c-sr -yc -a, sparkled with animation, and when lihe spokehis charm of voice was irresistible; ni An opponent in ccntroversy had little chance with him, his argumenlts and cl explanations were always so clear. w 'Good evening,' began Ihe, after he do hadl regarded the beautiful creature with is sympathy. . in 'Ah ! you are there Igor !' she stam- ab mered out with confusion, and hiding the book in her pocket. She rose, came to forward, and put her small hand into 'II have disturbed you 1 fear,' said cit Igor ' foive me ! To redeemni my lou fault -I.will sit down in that corner yo there, and amunse myself with Nero till you have finished reading.' Nero was a laige,.black cat, that, until now, had, uiobserved by its miis- ter tress, heen lying at her feet enjoying spi the warmth of the fire, but awakened vic by Igor's friendly voice, she s retched j.r3 her limbs and purringly apiproached the visitor. su 'Mly-reading,' sidil Aldona ; ' I have arc not been really reding.' Igor hlaughed. on: 'You at least give tme onm satisfaction ad: that I had ineitherexpected norexacted,' do] replied he. ' So my lectun? ?have borne a. fruit after ill ! Certainly you still eat hurtful books, buht you are;;ashamed an of doing so.' ''Vho said:soT' asked 'Y Aldona. '"he piocket of your jaclket, sh that seems quite proud of : the French novel judging from the cnriious i:ay, in off which it is swelled out.' While Igor lef. said this, he tapped gently on the book which A'ldona rhld b·cn hiding from in him. .C del 'You are omistaken,' said she: petu- wo lantly. . I am not often mistaken,' hel exclimed Igor. ' When I do.make an dm assertion; there.it is; as I say Show wo me the book wilyl on . ' the The"beaitiful woniman turned her back imj .in a very ungacions manne-l, ut hlie dr gently drew the bolok froni, her pock? th opened .it': Domas, the Count of at Monte Christo ... ..:.;:,'; ... . W- w ' You are ineorililgle Aldon a !' And user you, you ~are-- she did nnot .l lsi her o)t sentence. ' Paridoi iih' said hi after Ilad he l?aivi back thbe novel, ' lbutI in wa voluntairily' judeh of people byi the hL books they read, and I think with far do greater -igh?t thliain by their ;fl$es arid style of' dress, :as is generally' don're lo Now, since I have taken itinto my head dot to cure' ii'ixmy noble p.tietitmst;T-mit rstin from time to time, convince .myself of the results of iny i'es.criptin? -in ?onr ma case, to look after your .reading im.the fus best thing. to lie die.' , ',Whliogve oLou you the right to treat tme. likeaf child 1 asked Aldona- with al- the seveity she had at hei:r~cominm?id' . .. ": co ' Who ga?eme the -igh m't tell you ott the truth, even thougr iL soundIs un- th pleaantrl; '.irelied iT.ri, v\ithout for a Ic moment losing his self-possession; the hii deep'syinvithy that I feel for you, and ree your-fate, forvyour bItter self,: which, in spite of.the dress of a modern education, ti and a purposeless sunerficial life, you pa \- ave, isiway, remained true to, or I by am mistaken Only tell me that you pie are happy and contented with the otl trifing: things of the world that have hel high sounding names given them in Al order to cover their very flimsiness ;and old I will he silent.' or ',You know very well Igor how the tie great world, wtIith its round of empty hei pleasures, disgusts me,' said Aldona, without looking at him,' but what does th life give us that we should be so im- an pressed with its value 1' . Don't complain to me of life; every sle one has his share ill it--; just in pro- the portionas he descrys it: just in pro- p portion as he governs. his unreasonable 01 desiredi,'replied Igor: ' Not that which w we attain, not that which we already si possess, makes us really happy. We ca can only find satisfaction in striving anid wrestling.for that which seems to pro niiseous contentment. Most men strive for wordly possessions as long as the ile breath is in them. You, Aldona, have bs all that-the world can give- tdmakeyou; ea happy, and yet, allonly tires you : your: a riches actually hamper your every plea Ir- sure, for a fortune that comes to us by ed inheritance, that we have not made our id selves; is no Blessing. I understand ry thls perfectly. and therefore do not re lit proach you fr your ennui in this re e, sliect; I am only astonished that a wo st, man endowed with intellectual giftshaS to nevrr considered that there is something hd inioe worilhy in' life to be gained than ig personal beauty, riches; and pleasure; is that she never considered that those ty who have to work for their daily lreatd es who have to fight for their mere exist oe n :ence, are lprevented bythat very poverty d: from.underitking higher duties. ,You, il who have no care on your own account, y .ought to begiln working far others, and show every 'interest in them. Set k before yourself, first, a small object and r, then a greater, and still greater; daily s' increaseyourduties, strive, fightbravely, ;, anld ydn will soon havdefor your guest, e what you have hitherto in your luxury y sought for in vain-contentmenelt.' A .ldona took a few turns up and dovwn d the room, theni throwing herselfinto hi s easy chair, asked,. .Well I what am Ito :i do, shall I begin?by b;ealking'stones on I. the road side, or must I cset as shep if herdess to the parish ' ' t .' Like ..ll. a.ho .la lad n uaeonle llfo. ig ties of life are put before you,' said Igor se coldly. Just' ask 'the mothers and Ih daughters of the Russian nobility if, it when living among.tho people.there.is II nothing to .do. .Tlhese lhidies auho'se y mothers knew nothing beyond a well r, orderedttitble,. dress, suitors, and parties d and whdse reading"cotisisted, of worth II less novels,-these ladies who could, in \-- cold blood; order their serfs to be lashed, \- ye often inflict tlie'2punishsient .with" their oss n hand, have begun to instruct the lpasant childreh, (there' being, no a sc.hool for the poor,) and seeing there is t also a want of doctors, they attended the Universities in order to study medi cine and qualify themselves to 'under I take the charge of.the sanitary institu I tions in the low-lying parts of the coon t try. I dri not talk of all this as: of somiething perfect-somethinig worthy' of imitation in all respects; but I see t in it :something' useful- tsomething de serving of consideration-apart from c the duties of a mother, ofa wife-duties Ii whiclh our women often, ignore. Can you imagine a more beautiful calling for a one like yourself than that of physician, I comforteet,.ani teacher io the .lowest " classes tl '.So you want to make a female strident of me at any price ' laughingly o: said the young woman, while she with b' inimitable sang-froid lit a cigarette. tl 'Sometling of the kind,' relied Igor, 01 "but if. we would teach others, we our selves must see through the mist that sr clogs our.intellect. To cure others, we in should be inLhc ilth ourselves; above all, I would urge you not to play with v your life 'fiyou nuiv e.hitherto done. I iwouldA-itdminister some ; ofi?tll;t..sdweet 1 medicine we call love.' tc Through her half closed eyelids Al dona regarded her friend a little scorn- 01 fully. c 'Loolb. at1in' "dried .he1D; f remain ft Love you?' laiiglied Aldona 'Why s] not !' said Igor very earniestly.' ' How. tnticliiiing" sarcastically? ex- h claimed'Ahldona. 'I"rui novel hear a d word about love without laugh"lng. It' It does not matter hwliv interestinga -man h is to me, the moment lie mentions being in love' with me!'he becomes: unbear- t able. . sl ' Thiat would be a symptom favourable h to me. .of.- , . S'How so.' .. .. ' Well since you hate me now, gra- ' u cious lady,' cried Igor; `you will begin to hi lovre ie as soon as.I say that' I' love you.' . Aldona laughed merrily. :, ' So you really do love me Igor '.: n ' Yes Aldona,' replied Igor, inconsis- as tent as it' may sound. ,.I .love yoa 'y'n di spite of your numerous faults and petty h vices; indeed, t love you.. alf .against .my will.' ' w ' I believe you there,' said, Aldona, tr suddenly becoming earnest; -' but you a are.rather bearish; such things should i, only be said to a lady in the atti.idit.of. at adoraii..n-kneeling.'.,, Hirdly had Al-. h" dona said this than the sterii manu was, bi a? l?er feet it. She looked suplrised for a Smliniefn: Pu anrd then burst int, a fit of laughter. E o You arei just as .lbsurd its the ;est ' said th Igor got ip withla certiisn aiouint of P offinided di nity-sileintly bolibied anid left the room. : .. Aldon" sprangsa from ,her seati:she involuistarily showed an' inucliriation to b Edetai llerd offenilde frienid bu, t the th i words died .n: heo lips, cud tliue iiilf t held'out hniiid to him huugn pathetically doalwine The: btieaitiful.' lifewve~iried' woni m-stiiid'f,, ia'tinglostjis thotiih wi then .isleo leg'tan o p'lace theroom inian impaiientie and iexcited mauner.l.;Sudd h denly she stampted.lhe foot, and raing the ll 'vc?klntly. HoF initid apip ed at oncek., Aldona ?n. a few ctimmandaing P w~rds ordered,'her sleiguhand flurs?Her'. servints; ' oere accustomedri to prompt o)hediniice~ 'So that in a: shliort;e ti thie: lady's maid announced. that the d'Il 'do was. before. the. door. Thenistress "iastily "putting on hier .fuirs i hurried' dowvn stairs. ' I shall drive oun t alone, saiid she f "loomily- ot sia' the :leigli, took the double-cushioned seat, arranged the u rtig?s and skins, then seized thereins.. . 'But my lidy,' begari'tie' old coach- I maii, scratching his head ii his con frusionii , -certainly should not drive ositalone.' w : !Be quiet--no more,' cried Aldons. "'But,' persisted the old servant, ' the 'country's at present full of wolves and ue othei wild animals, driven down from St the mountains by hunger.' Aldona a' looked atlhimn for a moment,thendesired hisim to fetch lher Ilistols which she now. he resIved to take withl her. st ' I must tell you, my lady that some thing dreadlful has just hIappe:led : a patsant woman has just been pursuedt by the wolves, and literally torn to pieces ty them, adtl this just oi the other side of the forest; it would be betterformnetogo with you.' . But Aldona would not listen further to the 0 old man. She waved her long whip over the heads ,f her Itlack horses, and the' handsome wild pair rushed on with li her. Thai was an extraordinary drive through what seemed a boundless oceau and at the same time depressingly sh moiotonous plain of snow; the white be sleigh,. ornamented by a swan's head, in the' fiery black horses, and the beautiful' a proud .womanenvelopedinfurs, befitting a pripeess, As she flew over thebrook; whose mnurmur had long since been vs silenced bya covering of ice,the willows ut came in sight, their anow-severed id branches hung down like white arms, p- and looked -to .Aldona .like so many re ghosts"wrapped i? :their shrouds, :who e in long' procession, swept through the ce winter nightmotioning and threatening au'her; but she turned away lier 'head, r: and iracked her' whipf to' dispel' the a_ illusion: ,y The horses snorted, their'littler bells. ,r. tinkled louder than usual,- and the sleigh ad groaned on its way. Now they pass a e- villago lwhose 0oofs the snow threitens e- to bury;the o'smoke clouds ascend, and . in the clear moonlightseemned changed , inito silvery air; now and then the bark of a dog'mightbe heard, 0r the peasant's n slow 'monotonous hymn,' at evcning worship ;;little nervous lights, flickel:ed " in' thei windows, and the heavy icicles, a with their diamond-like glitter, hung t- from the smoky beams - like costly ornaments constructed by the hand of man. Again, deep. solitude, :the silence of d the night and of buried nature. The sleigh hilint its: restless burden '. past a tavern hialf biuried'.in the snow; the violins. sounded joyous,'the bass .fiddle did its part heavily; as if to tone down tlheo exuberance of the first, the cymbal wapt.: The bacchanalian sound seemed to invite Aldona to love, joy, pleaisure. Long after she had turned her back on them these sounds haunted her like the goblin voices: now like children crying;, now like the jeeringlauglsof coidemned souls: SAlready the forest stbod on the right a group of old oaks seemed place.dthere r knocking, the snow from tli branches wd with their-black wings.' • They turned, r and dii iajiareed ias'uddenlyas they liid come. SAlidona never thought of turning home; she drove straight on without a purpose, urging on the horses without the least necesaity for doing so. She grew too warm with this mad chase, openid out her furs,' and found the cold t sharp aii a real; benefit. All at once her horses stood still .and shook with terror. On both sides appeared l buinrning lights, fire-like eyes, and then a werll known howl. struck Aldona's t ear. t It was wolves. The bold,fearless U wominn never:.i for a . moment._ost.. hr courage she lashed on the horses and. the sleigh sped along swift as an arrow. But not for long. From the long madl race,anid the erroi theywere inder, b the poor half lamed 'hormes" could not proceedt: so fist, and the .;wolves en- o countging each other by 'an occasional k howl, came nearer and nearer. :' Aldona, saw the whole pack advariciiig- felt for' a :moment at a loss to know what to .do h, and remembering how others'had acted when in a similar position," she' seized the cushions on which she:was :sitting, and threw them one after the othert out a, ofthle sleigh, then the rug which had been covering her feet, and lashed' on as the horses with all her mright: As each T of these was thrown out the wolves b' stopped, threw themselves on the object, smelt it,' aid tore it to atoms thus giv ing Aldona a temliorarv advaintaige. Now' with coaxing to?'es, now -with violent blows she urged on the steaming horses, so:that for a'miuute the raven ous monsters were lost to. :sight: only too soon, did she hear their aiwful 'lhowl -saw again their glaring eyes. 'withi out furthei- reflection she took> off her costly cloak and threw it to " hlcr grim followers. Once ;aniore' the '. olvries ' stpped,-and again:Aladouia succeededi', speed. The beitiztiful heiress now stood upright iinthe sleigh, the reins Ain oiie hand, her'whip in the other; She was deadly pale, but fiim as a irock. " The horses were ailways' getting more' ex hausted. She looked back, anid sav the wolves rushing on as if to make up for lost time.. Throwing down her whip; she drew her pistol from the girdle of her velvet dress and itnied it the first of the pack. He. w.as just going to make a spring. There was a. shot and the inonstrous wolf lay weltering in his blood. STlieothe rs, iiie ravenous by hunger,. rushed:upon him and tore him in pieces. In her extremitn;y Aldona suiddenily saw in the disttilnce it wooden lbiihilihg" used iw as a shepde,!d' a hut, in summ'er; sihe? directed .her dispairing horses to this,. but anew the wolves threatened to foil' her.': A a list resobirce' she shot' the weaker `of th'etwo horses; 'id cut the traces aith thedagger sheialwiays ecariaried about .with- her?? ! Theipoor Iagonized animal staggereid tried to stund upright, and'i sank' to rise noii more ititteieed a henat rending neirh as ,tlh llood tliiisty brutes, who had now come up fell upon it Aldona 'coiild have wept over' tl.e' 'phoo dyiig dcriitiire' of whilih ale ha:hd been sofonid, but t w.wvas just one ,of those mhomentsvlwhin one thinks of salf alone-indeedcan only think of?saelf pieseirvtioin. ? She m;ercaleSj'I lashed eaA the I-Bnrem inig horse?:,it threatened o give,: in at every- stelir :J it sined as if shize w.ere ,to the place of refuig, fz: o justl as she heard. the. wolve s again, thue poor horse, driven to death;- fell :t'the !ground: ." .:, i Aldiona'st4ickit so" hard vith her SOnce mire it was cihased oi; it. t,was Iis last strength, his :last effort. : Be fore the hut'-he conipltely broke down, .Alduna sprang out of the sleigh and iun ip the I;ldder aleding to the loft' illed Wi:tbhayythe . place occupied:: by the :shepherds in summer. S!She had hardly got up and thrown downi the ladder than the monsters were tlier. She could hluar'the despairing neighing of her potor :ir.;o the demon like howl of the w,-ca ;-- hen lher sense forsook her. A loud report awoke li?r, she got ip. Below she could hear a succession of slhots; she no longer doubted that help wasat hand. In a moment her strength returned. She hurried to the opendoor thlroug which she hlad got-in, and n waved her hlandkerchlief as a signal. "There she is, do you see hler 1" cried a well known voice..Torches came nearer, then nzen's voices were learld. She recognised her servants as they raised the ladulder. Fast very fast 'did slahiecome down, and was rejoiced over by her people. As she was on the last step, Igor stoud before her; hie covered hdr hand with kisses. Not long after hbiving left. Aldona hie had turned back to the mansion house, and was horrified when told by the servants of Aldona's adventurous drive. He had ordered her servants to follow him on horseback immediately. To him the proud beauty owed her salv:tion ; she knew it at the mbment, she asked him no questions, her heart was to full to speak. .She silently threw her arms round his neck, and leant her head against his breast. At-last she found words. "Now, I know the value of life, Igor," she stammered, " At your sile I will begin a new life, you dear, good, forgiv ing nmai. Here is iiy hand, lead me and I will follow yoa." Aldona has kept her word. She fol lows the man who teaches her the true value of life in caring and working for others. Motto for the married-Never dis- pair. 