Follotvtno- u p i our intauluctnrv. i observations of last week respecting ithe surplus stock and meat question, 1 and assuming that experiments are j necessary before gigantic venlures and schemes of ocean transit .are adopted ! bv producers, we t ow pnrposo'to review j the' various propositions set forth, pro i and con, by the: sever -1 authorities i previously named. It is given, firstly, 'that there exis- s and may con ! tiriue to^ exist an over-production of » sheep and cattle, causing 'a glut, and I decrease in their market value ; second, i that this redui-tiin in price tends to jinterfere with the) wealth of the colony ,. ' j and it is necessary to find au outlet for ithis colonial produce into ; some new ? market ; and thirdly. ' the important i question, is how- to. do it with success. 1 convenience, .practice and profit. As jregardB the first of these assumptions, [one- of our oldest) and most resppcted isquatters and agricultuii- s, Mr. II ? ! C. M'Cohnel, affirms that before the pro- 1 Iducers.commitihemselv'es to the c' a. ces, j : losspB, and expenses of a long 45. days I \- ' j vovage , to' Enrnpe^. the local or cnlonial'j jmarket sbct-ld.be deve'oped. and not he - ? | glutted with Wjestern cattle whose) ' ! natural market is Ti-toria and South! I Australia. If fat 'Western .cattle did) | not compete with local coast cattle,! prices would be maintained in all the '? 'markets'; The sheep pastures of the jcoast districts haying been overstocked.) Ithe runs are now stocked with cattle Igenprally, wlltfh s one.'reason for an iover-supply o^ull icks. Mr. McConnel i also complains of he monopoly of large ! butchers in keepi ig down the price, of I bullocks upon stations, which is one : reason for produce *s to complain of and itb animate tfiem to seek a foreign market. ? ''Shipping five cuttle from the Gulf' -BajB this writer ' had better be set aside at once as unfeasible,' arid it iwouid .be better :o ' reform-' at hbme ? and first increase our consumption, by floating compressed meat companies.' Mr. Ilea favours this scheme, and also ° ithe extract of meat companies, by ikillihg the surplusj -stock at, ' spa level' tin t(ibJ Vinter months. ' Mr. Sydney states It is quite |feasib!e for the stock \- farmers and -cattle dealers of . America -to enrrv on a live bullock trade with' i f lie Upited Kingdom, because-.' the, fat . cattle of the prairies are overlanded * to Chicago where jthey arrive as stores, but are stajl fed upon grain nnd root .-?? crops, until they resemble prize cattle upon shipment; ev^n the sii days close confinement on '.passage docs not pre vent them from arriving in the Mersey In good condition. The Midlothian stock ; farmer and special correspondent In travelling through the Western and 'Southern United Stales,' discovered the Vost and system of fat taping, bullocks 'was more economical than in ariy Irish, 'Scotch or English county, or French province, because I the nutritious pro ? iperties of the prtarie grasses fatten iup bullocks, to an! ayerage of 900 lbs. i' Capitalist drovcrs'/from- Ne»! York, iBocton and the large towns about the Bakes, w here wheat v and: maize are cheap and plentiful, /purchase them in five thousand mobs, and further fatti n and temper them upon their agricultural estates^ and in u few months time theyj selj the bullocks at' a profitable price for eUipriient. But tli e - fat station bullock of the Aus: Iraliuu bush could, riot be driven for a \- thousand mih-s without losiiig heavily in flesh before reaehirig port, whete roaizo averages three shillings -'instead \- yf n shilling per j bhubel, '.and. wher'e iiaten and Iricerne hay is - a '. luxury. Uor icoiiid the squatter— who inust ? bear all sea .risks-pbd, able to ring bolt a sliiriload of cattle, ' stall - feed and bucket water tliem;,, and jiay a stuff of herds -iicn and butchers doriog a 10,000 miles voyage. Tile idea of exporting live i builocka 'iu this style is an idle dream— a : uiopiau scheme totally im possible. The low . price of -weal tlius tending to. reduce the wealth ot the colonies, it is la natural sequence of tlioUL'lit that 'ft fre**h outlet uiUHt be made for. the -surplus stock in order, to advance ' prices and find a ready sale for fat bullocks. - Here the second part of the question arises. Should we first improve t|ie colomal market, or send dive bullocks to Europe, China or India; or export the. moat. across the seas by . tho 'freezing process, the compressed . corned process 'or in the usual tins? - We hold tlint producers arc not far enough advanced in science to introduce that trade, but if .large companies were established to preserve the. beef in tins for European use tin question is solved. If the meat is well preserved and got up for tho markel like the oi!me.n's stores of Morton -or the export -firms of St. Louis, we are certain such companies would declari hiindsomo profits. The quality , of our preserved meats bare over and over again -proved, satisfactory at public banquets in England, and it was Australian tiuued meats that conquered Magdala and Cotnmassio as ' well the genius of a Napier and Wolsoley. Many an army .corps in the Pranco Prussisn war felt the animating effects of Australian preserved beef. - But the work niU9t be left to solid and well founded companies nil over the colonies, nnd not to gigantic, monopolising nnd ?ill- cnmprelieMded scheihes that would speedily tend to ruin j the industTious nnd well-to-do grazier jwho spends the best of his days in acquiring a pastoral propertv. Colonial capital must not be thrown away upon plausible schemes without the ghost- of a chance of proving successful. There is ' now plenty of colonial disaster without inviting more defeat. How to moot tho difficulty with success; practice ;and profit is to support local meat preserving com panies like those lately proposed .in Melbourne, Brisbane anri Rockhampton. Producers and | preservers must not en gulph themselves in the meshes of the shipping trade bolstered; up by a Govern ment monopoly, which 'is 'dangerous to both capital and enterprise. The associa tion of immigration with the great meat question is absurd, and is the opinion of moil without stability of thought, nnd considerably in advance of their time. If meat preserving companies were established,- a hundred thousand bnllbcks'used per annum would improve colonial mnrkets. A unifo.rm price of cheap butchers meat would also increase the consumption, and [in a few years ihe- pastoral industry I would - find its just and proper level, j Graziers might then obtain fair profits and the wealth of the colonies stenilieil. Agriculture is hot so. popular so far as to detract the investment of capital from pastoral pursuits, which is beiug slightly; over ilone, while the bush is hardly alienated, settled or depastured. .If some of the surplus capital from home wa3 invested in the sugar industry the grazing indus try might also be relieved. However, the- question is as varied as it is broad, and nothing would give greater satis faction to the colonies than to see it settled properly. . . The new writ for Clermont is not out yet, bat it is rumoured .that Mr. PI-. J. W. Bluudel! of Gordon Downs will be the likely candidate, .and not Mr. J. Macfarlane, of Rockhampton, who uiay probably content; the -Leicliardt electorate, in tiie room of Mr. Paul. At the meeting of the Kennedy Jockey. Chit', held-lait evening, in the ? Oriental Hotel, the rules and regulations were adopted ; a cbmmitteo of ten members elected; a race pro-'ramme ordered to lie framed; and the date of the first race meeting fixed for tho 26th a id 27th of August next, was the leading business transacted, -.particulars of which will ' ap -ear in our next. Tub Secretary of the School of Arts informs us that the Treasury have placed to the credit of tho Committee the sum of £250, being tho- second moiety of tho £500 voted for the proposed iiew School of -Arts buildin'. IVe are also iuformed that tho Government decline to place a second sum of £500 upon the next year's estimates, considering the financial state of the colony.. The district- has been visited' with a very heavy fall of rain, which continued from tho 5th instant until yesterday morning. Mr. Foster furnishes us : with the following state ment of raiufall. March 3rd, 0.30 inches, 4th, 0.05; 5th, 1.82; 7th,- 1.42; 9th, 1.31; 10th, 3.44; 11th, 3.22. Total, 11.09 inches. . The sittings nf tho District- Court opened last Friday, and the criminal aud civil cases were got over ;by Saturday even ing. His ? lionor announced that it was no fanlt- of his why the jurymen and suitors had been kept waiting so long, but the delay arose from the Wentworth steamer grounding in the Brisbane river from Saturday until Tuesday. It is very hard on jurymen to he delayed in town without oompensation, but as the delay was the result of a puro accident; we presume ' the thanks of the country ' must satisfy them. Mr. Graham Tprxok during his lato visit to Rockhampton has succeeded in. purchasing two racehorses named 'Boytou and. Wrangler. Boyton was purchased from Mr. AY. R, Higsnn, and Wrangler at a high figuro, from Mr. \V. Flynn; Mr; Tumor and Mr. Black have left Rockhampton overland for Mackay, and we have no doubt that the liursea will bo put in proper training for the June .races. : Veno says, 'with the addition o( two such horses Mr. Tumor's string should bo well nigh invincible,' but it is abroad in turf circles than Mix Sharp has an.eyo upon a horso that will make a creditable appearance upon the local Turf. ' Veno ' in the Bulletin, and ' Whalobone' in . the Courier regret the division amongst patrons of- the 7 urf in Mackay by the formation of a second Club. The latter is particularly hot, and makes some very piain remarks to tho. members of both 'tho great devidcs,'Iri ondangeriug tho love of sport in tho district. By tho courtesy of, tllo local postmaster, Mr. Browne, wo lelrn that several important alterations havo been made in the A.S-N^ Company's contract.^ b Tho steamers in future will leave Cooktown at'9 a.-m. every Saturday, - arriviog at l'ort Douglas at 6 p.m. and loaving at 8 p.m.; arriving at Cairns at II p. in', on thu same day ; will leave 'Cairns on Sunday meriting at-l.-i.m. forTownsville, where the steamor will arrive, at midnight ;. will leave 7'owuaville at 9 a.m. '- on Monday and arrive at Ikiwon. at 8 p.m.' and ; leave 'again -at 9 p.m. for Flnt-top' Isiand, wlioro atearijors are due at 8 a.m. on Tuesday ; leaves Flat-top at 'J ii.nl. and arrives at Koppo! Bay at 0. a..m. and leaves at 10 a.m. on Wednesday morning. The mail steamer from the Northern porta is due in Brisbane at 10, o. m. On Thursday. The departure of Ike mail steamer from Biialiano with Southern and English mails »'» ,Suoz ttHl1 Sttu 1'r»u.l:uc-'.- reinaius as at present. . The quarterly meeting of tho H. A. 0. Benefit Society was held lust Monday evening in the School mom. i A fair attendaiico of members was present. 'Mm race Couiuiittee. retwrted- progress, wliieb was so far satis-, factory as to enable tho meeting to. lis the amounts for the respective prises in the programme as inserted Hi tu-days issue. Mr W. lailiie was anpoluted caterer for the hall. The Society's Silver Cup was purchased, from Mr. F. Reiehelmau,. mid forms a neat, and valiialilu prize, to which 4 sovs. will bo- added. Monday n«*t will, no doubt, lie ?X general holiday, arid ah excellent, day B ? sport will be alliirded to the pu -!-« on the racecourse, should the ! weather prove favomaWe. . . j ' 