The " Castle Spectre." —A Retrospect. .*<?£.;.-,. '?''- " ; << THESPIAN." The mention of the " Ca&tlo; Spectre,' which in to bo produced on the stage of our Mechanic*' Institute on Wednesday 'next, i'h sufficient to cum , our thoughts back more than n couple of generations, "to''a timo wlieh George the Third vwas* Kirig, when ? orir great grandfathers delighted to honour, and generally make v " funs" about, a little queer-looking lnun, whose eyes, an Sir Walter Scott once said, " projected like those of some insects and were .. flnUish. on the, orbit." Thisjira's none; other than Monk Lewie, or, more properly sjtcaking, Matthew Gregory Lewis, : M.P*, author pf ?*',Xjjo Monk,'' from winch' novel 'his "sobriquet was derived. Very few of the present generation have read much, if anything, of this onco popular man, nevertheless ho was one of tlio greatest English celebrities at tho beginning of tho present century, a great favourite in literary circles, and the intimate friend of the most celebrated authors , of the tune. Thirty yenrs after Scott firfit met Lewis, he declared that he never felt hucli ola tion as when at Edinburgh in '98 Lews aHkcd him to dinnor. Lord Byron, too, has said " I liked Lewis ; ho was a jewel of a man." - i ;; ... .?; -~ Whilst he was still aniinor howrote Iris ? celebrated, novel . (boforo-.' alluded to); "Tho Monk." Liko the 'great jibet,' who afterwards became his friand, "lio nwoku one morning to find himself famous." Inunedinluly ho became the " fashion," and was cordially invited to the. mo?t exclusive circles. Everybody 'talked about liinv and sometimes, with- oufc knowing it,, in his presence. There is a story told that I. may bo permitted, to repeat. Ono evening at n largo party a laily, who was a stranger to liim, said ""Haveyou read this Htrungrf!now .work ' Tlio Monk ?' " " Itciilly, madam," was Lewis's answer, " I don't think I should Jiavo jiatienco to do BO." " Wellj really, the author must bo an extraordinary man. 1 should like so .much to know. him and ho in his company. Confess now, shouldn't' ypu?" "Why, ,as.-to that, madam, 1 rather think I should find his company a bord." After saying this, Lewis was not a little amused by several bystandcrH, who informed him that they woro intimate friends .of the celebrated author. i leave yon, my gentla readers, to jtulgo of their feelings on hearing later in tho evening thnt ho to whom this information had been imparted was nono other than the great little Monk Lowisjiimsolf. ..,-,- ,;' : '.7 .:' Througiiout iiis wliolo lifo ho' was nlwiiyH striving to do good. When his. father died, leaving him a rich man, his opportunities for acting tlio " Good Samaritan" increased, and.right well did lie use them. Now wo find him giving relief to a young - and virtuous nctrcss,\ who was endeavouring to support an aged mother ; now conveying help to a' widow lady striving to subsist by her pen, and .educating-the little hoy of tlio latter out of liis'dwh purse ; nnd per forming a thousand other acts of charity with that utter almcnco of ostentation which has been very truly described as "the best 'characteristic of a noblo bene factor." The chief portion of his father's, estates was in Jamaica. Ho visited that island twice ; onco in 1815 and again in . 1818. Just before ho left England on the first occasion, Byron wrote to Tom Mooro (tho poot of the Green Isle) " Lewis is going to Jamaica to suck his "sugar canes.; ? , . Poor fellow I ho is really n'good'mmi— nn excellent man. Ho left: mc his ; walking-stick and a pot. of preserved ginger. I shall never cat tho Inst with out tears in my eyes, it is so Jiol." Luring his second; visit, kind-hearted Mat wroto to ono.of lii?friends.)." I hnvo . been here a fortnight, and have not found ono negro witli overi an imaginary ground for grievance j thoy wero all delighted to see mc." It was whilst returning from this visit that death summoned him away at tho ago of; 43. His body was committed to tho waves. Though neither mnrblo tablet nor sculp tured monument marks,tho placo of his burial, his name still lives, handed down acros? the tongue of posterity, or at the pen point of liis brother literati. Whilst musing hereon, I fnncy I hear n gontlo voice—a woman's ever gcntlo voice—whi?pcr, " Was ho married ?" Ladies, I beg your pardon for omitting to mention anything nboufc this pnrt of his life. His is n romantic story. Briefly told it is this: Ho full in love with the beautiful Lady Charlotte Campbell, (laughter of the Duke of Argyle, at whose mansion ho was a frequent visitor. When convinced , that his cnsoiwns hopeless; ho continued to love her, oven to the last. This, then, is tho man who wrote our coming play. Tho " Castle Spectre" was decidedly his chefil'ceuvrc. He wrote other dramas, but this alone kept the stage after his death. They all moro or less deal in the Biipornatural, as indued tlio most of his writings do.- Many of his con tem poraries thought him to bo imwisio in following this groove. Amongst these was' Scott, who said of his genius " Ho was it'child, and a spoiled child, but a child. of high imagination, and so ho wasted himself on ghost stories and German romances'. 11a had'tho finest, ear-for rhythm of verso I over met with "? —liner than Byron's.". . 1 Tho shifting scones of my revorie now present to nio tlio first actors of tlio play. What a cast I Here aro John Philip Kemble, " Jaok" Bannister, " Bob" Palmer, and tho lovely Dora Jordan. It was first performed at tho Drury Lane Thontre, (" Old Drury") on December 14, 1797. At that timo I believe, John Komblo was tlio manager of " Drury ;" this is n sufficient gunrunteo that scenic effects would receive moro attention and tho characters be mora correctly, dressed th'nh but a few if eyor boforo. For instance, tho great David .Garrick used - to play Othello dressed- in ,l coat, breaches,' and white judgo'H wig." ' He Ri'k'cted"white ns it matched liia complexion. Again Mno buth was ? " itrossod" by him in a " searlot coot and lncod cocked hat." It was this stato of things,that Koiubla sot himself to remedy, and 'to an extent : success attended to hie notwith standing tlii⁢ IB more .ihan probable that— judgifig by all tho particles _of information which, aroJgrndoaUy oozing ont-—-'the " Castle Spectre,"fas produced; in Singleton on next; will bevrery- mijcb better', mounted _; and dressed arid tlio scenery altbge'ther superior to that of tho " Castle Spectre" produced in^London iv J797.,. ~. ? But- a word./nbout the ncrformorsj.in tho first cast. 'The part of Earl Osmond was assigned to Barrymobr, an able and highly useful 'stock actor of the old school. Mr. Wroughton, who played " Reginald," was for many years .the stage : manager' of " Old "Drury-;" per-, haps" tib actor'of that timo'more owed his Buccess to . industry rather than 'td'genius, ' than- 'did Wroughton. He possessed no natural advantages. His person was inelegant in form, bin. voice confinod, his faco rotund and insipid, and his features deroid of expression. Nevertheless he : contrived to make his way in tho theatre, where he long; held n situation of very enviable pre-ominenco. Michael Kelly says of him, "ho was a sterling,*sound, sensible performer; he never gare offence as an actor, and in many parts was truly good." Bnt John, Kemblo himaolf played ?" Percy." Who has not lienrd. of ICemblc—tho great Kemblo— tiio " aiost supernatural of actors" as Lord Byran snid of him. That lie camo of v talented family every body knows, beginning as it- did with o'd .Roger, and continuing right away through two generations to. Fanny Komblo, and including as it did, beside John, the great Siddons, before whom all actresses must bow tho knee; fat . Stephen—whoso great' qualification for the part of Fahtaff , was that ho. could play it without" stuffing," and' Charles tho only " Kiinlconbridgo" of his day. To sonio future dny 'must I leavo ray thoughts nnd " pickings" nbont John Kemblo, who was the great exponent of tho stntuebquo school of acting, which Kdmund Kean eventually overpowered. l'Viar Phillip must have been worth the Hceiug mnny times when Kob'ort Palmer, better known us " Bob," played the part; Though lie never rose übovo tho ranks, yet in many parts ho wns unique ; in his hands Friar Phillip wae ".rosy and cntortnining ;" in " fact nearly everything that could ho wished for." : He, too, comes of a family of actors, the most notable being his elder brother John—tho original Joseph Surface in Sheridan's " School for Scandal." Naturally ho wns most plausible and easy of addrces. Many funny Btorics are-told of these traits in his character, v biit no—another timo you shall hear them-—perhaps., John Palmer was the finest " etago walker" of his dny, and possessed of much refinement. Speak ing of these brothers Charles Dibdin onco suid " the only drawback on both wns wanner, which in John was too refined, and in llobort too vnlgnr." Kobert out . lived liis brother sovcral yenrs ; ami in 181G we find it is recorded that ho Was , tho " father of tho Drury Lnno Com '7)tiny." In this capacity bo presented, tho celebrnted " Sir Giles Overreach", vnse to Edmund Konn, in thnt yoar. Pass on Father Phillip, for hero comes Jnck Bannister droKsod as Motley tho most good tempered of all actors, the man who resolved to live without nn enemy, and who did it. If evor actor contenled his art, it wns Jack Bannister. Ho was trained by Gnrrick, nnd livod to see Edmund Kcan's brilliant and motdorio career brought to a melancholy ?close/ He first appeared in tragedy, but not succeeding to his satisfaction ho tried ; comedy, nnd as ho himself snid "his Don linriskeranilos (in Sheridan's Critic) laughed hie tragedy out oj fashion."! In many parts ho was simply unupproach able, especially in thoso having a. nautical tendency. If comic lovo-mnking had to bo done Jack was the boy to do it... Especially if ho had Mrs. Jordan to help him. Yes, Mrs. Jordan now stops' the" way, for sho was included in this wonder ful cast; In her earlier days, sho was perhaps tho most fascinating of ' nil actresses; her face onco seen was never forgotten ;' " her voico" Charles Lnmb assorted -to be "simply delightful." Hazlitt, etornest of critics, seems to havo been enraptured with hor. Ho says : " Hor face, her tones, her mannor, were irresistible ; her smile hnd tho effect of sunshine, ntul her Iniigh did ono good to hear it. Sho was all gaioty, openness, and good nature : sho rioted in her fino animal spirits, and gavo moro pleasure than any other actress, because she had 'tho grentcst spirit of enjoyment in her self." Yet there wero many who held that " her joyous parts in her youth were outdono by her plaintive ones— Charles Lauib being of tho number. There are two other jinmos in tho first cast which demand n passing word. Mrs. Powell, who was tha " Spectre," afterwards advanced to tho front ranks of her profession : her charm, if 1 re member aright, wns in her singing. Tho other is Dowton (Ilussnn), who even nt that time wns a great actor, moro especially in parts requiring groat irritability and displny of bad temper. This was thoroughly natnral, for it wns Dowton's nntnro to be passionate. Ono writer tells us that " ho has seen him, annoyed at dinner, snatch his wig off his head am] fling it into the fire." Ho once essayed to piny " Shylock" in oppo sition to Kouri's: and only once, a second attompt might have been fatal. Taken altogether this great enst has never been excelled in this play—although occasionally tho . part of Osmond has been assnined by tragedians of tho very first rank, notably Charles Young and the elder Kean. Again tho part of Angola wus oneo midortaken by tho greut Miss O'Neill, yet oven sho did not —except perhaps in tho last scene of Act 11.—roach tho excellence of Mrs. Jordan. Tn October, 1811, when Keau was still v strolling player and suffering hardships, almost innumerable, he mado his Way to York, worn, weary, nnd"foe,U sor-.'. Hero he and his wife gavo mi entertainment " for one night only." In tho programme 1. find that scenes from Ui'e popular drnmn of " Tho Cnstla Spectre," with Mr. Kenn ns Earl Osmond, nnd Mrs. Kean as Angela, were per formed, Once again, .when in tho fall zenith of hie great.actor perform the pert, tbiSTtife?il believe to Uio' Angela, of Mies., O.'Keill, . whose powers'of pathetic expression wore so great .that jt;'has'been,sma ebo had " tears iv herToice." ?-',.'>'..'"_ , ? Wo at .thp'anthor, wo have 'mingled with "great-exponente of Uio various cl)aractcrs,and now nliall wo . examine/the plot of this " XJoming Play," ?—tin's'enpiitrnatnral liidicaling ,, " Castle Spectro"? "AVcll, not jnst now, good reailer.' ~ If,; hovroVer, ? y6ti ? will insist upotr. considering> it, tluui ISvould per fiuuda you to secure a sent and boo for your?elf on Wednesday noxt. That he raoy meet you there is the liopo of : 