T,THE» AFGHAN- DIFFICULTY: ??? .. COBEESKINDB.SCB . of,the Times, dated Simla July 6, states : —Frequent letters of recent date from Cabul describe the general state of things thoro aB satisfactory. Tho Ameer has no diffi culties with the people. The only two places whero tho situation is threatening are Herat and Badakshan. Herat is in charge of Mah moud Ayub Khan, the Ameer'B brother by the samo mother, and even if Ayub were disposed to conspire, his disaffection, is likely to vanish on the arrival of the Ameer, accompanied by the British Envoy, at Herat, it having been projeoted that they should within three or four months hence make a tour together through Afghanistan. Badakshan is tho more likely to give trouble. Philo-EusBianintriguerstheremay explain to tho rebel chief, Mir Baba Khan, that the English will not interfero in tha in ternal troubles of Afghanistan and ' that the Ameer alone is not strong enough to cruBh him. Even Mir Baba Khan, however, when he Bees tho Ameer firmly allied with the British and recognises how British has triumphed over Russian diplomacy in Afghanistan, will pro bably join tho winning side and desist from a resistance to extremities which might involve his complete ruin. Herat and Badakshan tranquilised, no obstacle is left boyoad the chronic risk of foreign intrigues, againBt which the constant presence of an Envoy of Major Cavagnnri's ability is a strong safeguard, especially that he enjoys the advantage of control over the foreign relations of Afghani stan, backed by personal influence over the Ameer, with whom he is on the best terms. It is important to beur in mind that eveu at the worBt, assuming that the Anglo- Afghan treaty were rendered worthless by the Ameer's cap rice, weakness, or death, this failure does not deprive ua of one of the military positions com manding Cabul which we have gained by the war. Theeo positions, however, reuder more neces^ary than ever the construction, so long delayed, of Hues of railway to keep our base of operations properly supplied. The Gr,ztttc of India of July 9 publishes a congratulatory address of the Viceroy on the skilful conduct and conclusion of the Afghan war. The gallantry, steadiness, and strict dis cipline of tho British troops of all arms, native nnd European, are recognised in glowing terms, and also the tact and discretion of the political officers. Tho address concludes with a warm acknowledgment of the loyalty of tho Native Princes. It is fuither announced that the Indian Government have recommended that medals with clasps for AH Musjid and Peiwar Kotal shall be granted to the British force on gaged in the campaign. ' A messapo dated ?? imla, July 8, says : — The Ameer, Yakoob Khan, is taking vigorous mea sures for satisfactorily organising the financial administration of Afghanistan and introducing good government in' the Afghan provinces. Hia Hicrhness is distributing rewards to the chiofso'f tho Shinwarri, Khogmni, and jink kakhel. tribes in the shape of larye revenue grants: ' ? ; ? There is no doubt (says a correspondent) thut Ameer Yakoob will visit India next spring to have an interview with the Viceroy. Mean while it is probable that matters of State, which can best be dealt with at tho capital, will keep the Ameer stationery ac Cabul. Attention in India is now disengaging itself from the Af ghan war. The reported movements of the Kussians on the eastern shore . of the Caspian aro. attracting much notice. ; The repu tation of General Lazaroff, who hss been, appointed to command the force brought over from the Caucasus nnd his apparent independence of General Lomakin, who still seems to retain control in ordinary Russian affairs on the Caspian shore, seem to indicate a 6erious effort to conquer the Turco mans and occupy Jl erv. Sir Henry Kawlinson says that Russia's ability to effect these objects depends on Persia. How is Persia disposed? Will she help Russia or stand neutral ? Will she bo glad to see troublesome neighbours crushed by Russia, or will she foresee in Russia's movements the ultimate curtailment of her own territory ? Theso questions are com monly asked in India, and the answer must be sought in Teheran. Another correspondent telegraphs : — Every- thing is quiet at Candahar, no crimes of vio lenco having been committed during the past week. Tho Ghazi who stabbed a soldier on Saturday and was hanged on Monday gave the names of two confederates. One of them was arrested lurking armed about tho city. A few more esses of mild cholera havo ap peared among the camp followers aud in tie town, but there have been no fresh attacks during the last two days, and we hope to escape a serious visitation of the disease. Cholera at Quetta has been rather severe, but its force is now diminished. There was a sharp outbreak at Takht-i-pal, the second stage from this on tho Quotta road. The unaccountable absenco of news from Herat is, perhaps, tho cause of a rumour current in the city thnt Ayub Khan has thrown off nllosinuce to his brother. Tho weather is very equable ; far cooler than was expected. This contrast in temperature to the plains of India, added to the abundance nf delicious fruit, ia Bomewhat changing tho opinion of the army as to the desirability of Candahar as a British station. It is impossible not to see that if permanently occupied, it would be a charming quarter. Nothing official has been published about the date of retirement, but it is generally understood that the army will move about the middle of September. ?What is to bo the composition and numbers of the Peshin garrison is yet unknown, but the rumour that it will consist of the Bombay. Bri gade has raised tho spirits of those who ex pected to be left there.. No Governor has been appointed by the Ameer for Candahar. .. . 'Bohemian,' in The , Wetlt, ) writes:— Tho . session' will soon close now. Another fortnight or three weeks will settle the business, and really there is no necessity for delaying it another week. . The minority have ' caved in,' their loader has apologised for moving- the want of confidence motion, and promised to behave better in future, and the Ministry have decided to stand no more nonsense from the Opposition this session, so it would be just as well to suspend the Standing Orders arid clear the business paper in one sitting. What is the use of wasting moro time over the thing ? The Premier knows what business he wants to get disposed of, and what he means to abandon, and why go through the empty form of sub mitting it in the customary fashion merely to allow a few insignificant chatterers to ex press their ' views' upon the various subjeots before he and his majority pass them. The best thing for the minority to do now is to go home ? as soon as possible, and mind their own business'. The, Ministry are able to 'make a House' among, their . own sup porters, .and, , they can pass the Appro priation Bill any time they think well. Parliament :is Bupposed to be a deliberative assembly, but this is a popular fiction. Hon. members in onr Parliament never deliberate. They just try whioh. side is strongest, and having ascertained that, the weakest goes to tho wall, and then all real interest in the proceedings ceases, as the ' strongest side never gives up the advantage they have gained while they remain the. strongest. Tho present pession ' commenced on May 14 — nearly four months ago, and up to last week nothing in tho way. of business had been done, nor anything deliberated upon, be cause the ' so-called 'Opposition ' were not dnita Bntififind that their ehanrn of rn gniuing power thia year was a hopeless one. The want of confidence vote and the deadlock proved that they bad not the ghost of a chance, and now tho ' other side' will not .stand any. moic of their nonsense. Tho advantages of representative government are great and mani fold—if you only knew whore they came in. I think it is tho, very perfection of government to those who can get represented in it, but I never happen to be one of the lucky oneB. My interests, somehow, always happen to get neglected in Parliament, whatever Government! may be in power.. ?: ' 