Salier; ! PICTUBESQUE EDESBURGH. « Evsnxtrne Scotsman believes Edinburgh to be the moat pioturesque city in the world,*' said Alexander Smith. A étranger approach ing that oity must experience the same feel ing, for not only natural scenery and art, bat also history and romanos, combine to -grace tbs old capital'of Sootland with almost mythical splendour. Of all the cities of the modern world, ^Edinburgh ia perhaps the . moat beautifully located. On every side the ' -architectural masses aro relieved by natural forms which ensbance them, and which' are of even grealor boahty. 'Behind the city are the noble outline» of Arthur's S^at "and the exquisite profile of tire Crags; wUreSin tho . " left hand are the bold-ffea,wftid .escarpments of tho Calton Hill. And of the Castle as a'j natural feature, how is it possible to Bay too . muck? Thrust up between the dusky ridgeB oí tho Old Town and - the long rectangular \- vJStaB of (he-New, it stands there a citadel, a watch-tower, and a landmark seen from afar. For centuries Edinburgh WSB a small settle ment o't.straw-thatched huts surroundod by '''*^¿i dense forests. It ia unquestionably tho ohild ' '* ^^^t of the magnificent fortress of rook whioh to . day stands'in the very, midst- of-the city, \- , orowned by the oulebrated Castle. This rook is said to lia ve been oued us a fortification in the earliest time by the Angles, and . -afterward it became :an important military ? stronghold of -the SaxonB.--Edwin the King of Northumbria,, often made, his residence there, and the piaup came' to be called . Edwin's burgh, or stronghold, whioh is un doubtedly the .signidoantfe. of the name it . . bears to-day. Alter the seventh osntnry, or the era of . Edwin, the ..pity-increased in size and impórtanos. During the reign of David I.i in 11Ü9, it came to-be'one of the chief burghs in tho 'kingdom; and the" royal court . ? waa held there. Ic ,was David who fonuded ' the'abbèy of Holyrood. To the oanons ol this abbey he granted tho right to build a , - ',':' - suburb westward from their oharoh toward tba Castle. The now district received tho name ot Vient Canmicorum, ? wbiob was gradually changed to tue popular form of Canongate. What memories are'awakened , . at the sound , of that-name ,1 Alexander . Smith calls Canongato " Scottish history , Xoasilized."- One may pass from under the . shadow of the Castle in the Grass-market by tho ancient Cathedral of St. Giles, through. High Street! and :Canongate, to Holyrood Palace, . every - step recalling strange old reminiscences of past time. Old armorial bearings are still visible over ancient door ways. Ghosts of kings sud queens haunt ... " the air. .Thoughts of King James riding to , Flodden Field of fair Mary of SootB, ol John Knox, of bands of fiery Covenanters, orowd ??????> nrion one, mingled .with gentler visionB oj ? - . madora time-of Burns, ol Sir Wolter Scott, > -. ? sod many other-celebrated men with whom we have-lived in-imagination, if not in re ality. . ' ' As the Castle Bock-a natural fortification in itBell-is in reality the mioleua around -which the whole oity'has'gathered, it muBl demand first attention,'. Tho rock itself ia t rugged, basaltio mass, rÍBÍng about 400 feel above tho lovel of the sea. It is porpendioulai on all sides except toward the east, where i desoonda gradually to tue plain from whiol rise the picturesque Salisbury'Crags and tbi noble elevation ol Arthur's Seat; ' Tho present buildings of the fortress dat . book only to tho fifteenth oentury, with th . exception of the'liitle Norman' ohapel bail by tue 'pionB Queen Margaret,, the Saxoi wife of Malcolm Oeanmdre,'and motlier o D"vld I,, She died in the Castle in the yea 1093." ' " ' . . ,. ..... . Tue anoiont;Castle bore tho name of OSB tram Puellarnm-Castleof'Ma'idens-and ol legends., givo BB-' a reason that the Piotis kings need to placo their daughters there fe safe-keeping ¡.until their, marriage. A.desc late, isolated. Bpot indeed for the.home c merry-hearted beauty, and one oan imagin those maidens, gazing from the battlement with .longing . eyes,..and, waiting, like,tb PiinoeSB Thorn-rose, for the daring'knigb who should deliver-them back to tho worlc ., The, fortress is of,little military valuó t \- .y. 'the fjfosont time, and mainly interesting fe .'. its conneotion with .Soottisk, history. "Pasi ing the glacis, or esplanade, wbiph in formt \- ? -times-was tho scene, of the éxeontion i . many a political criminal, tho fortresais el tered by a drawbridge spanniug a deep, di ÍOBBB. Hero one must pause to consider fi a moment tho riohnoaabf surrounding aaec . ' elations. 'Over'tho portcullis gate is tho ol Btate prison where the. Marquis and tl Earl ol Argyll and many other illuetriot prisoners passed many dreary hours. Thor behind the urmory,"iB'the" old'sally-po . whore Viscount Dandeo scrambled up. ar . held conference' with the Dake of Gordc * before going north- to exaite the Hightail otana to entbusiapin for King James.' Pasi ' . ing-into the quadrangle, we come lo th portion of tho Castle which'for centnri tornied tho. royal residencié of tho Soottii .-??».. kings and queens.-- Hero,'in a wretched litt room on the, ground -floor.'JamOB 1; of En| laud was born. . '-In another part . of the reBidenoe is tl , v. Crown Kobm,'whore the coronation.of mai ? ? . monarobs took place;. - Tho anoient regal of Scotland is. preserved-in this room. oonsistB of a orown, sceptre, and. a word ' - , Btate. : The orown 'is'said -to be the eau . ? ' one which-.rested upon the brow of Bobo Bruco. M Monograms-of' more'modern kin . ,. Lave boon added,< bat tho'orown itself is .very antique workmanship'.-'. .' This royal i 1 -... galla waa forgotten for. a'hnndred years, do mg which- time''it rested'in an iron-bom ? - oaken cheat in thiajeame room, i It was on . in 1818 .that it WSB again brought to light. On tho Kingia Bastion stands the fame . old cannon Mons. Meg, pointing peaoeful over the valley. Ita dayB.of warfare o ? .; ' ' ? . over, and tit is regarded'only, aa Tl ourioai .oi the past. . It is supposed to have be constructed about, the year. 1476, at Mor in Belgium, and ia known, to have been ns .?'.'.'.' by'Ja'uies IV. at:the siege of Dumbarton ????.<?. .^,1489, and again at .the .'siege ; of Norha . ' - Castle, on the Borders, in 1497. Bonded: ? ' . career in :1G82, when it' burst . dating t firing ot a' ealute to tho Dake of York. . Tl ? great oannon, b'noè celebrated o's the largi in tho world, ia 'formed' of ' long staves ':?;?: , malleable iron held 'together by hooj Standing in,eternal silenoe on the loni bastion, it ia on impoBfng reminder of t \- Stormy Border wats of long ago. BoBting the ramparts at the side 'of this glgantio ( ' war fiend,' one may enjoy a magnificent a extended prospect; Half Scotland stretot \- around : an the south, the blue bulk of t \- Pentlands ; on'tho north, tho green, gnarli . . xound-headed Oehils, with tho Firth flowi \- botweon,- as if to-soothe 'tho wound whi .-: - '. made . tbeso ridges twain; and on t extreme lar- nortu-west,. the billa of :B Hoy's country, Ben Lomond, Ben Le Ban Vohrliou, " .and the -rost, lifting ?' ' .". their' kingly foreheads. - Fifo, less , bc % .' -jtnd ' ambitious, "yet attr'aots and ' fij ,.. , tho - gaze ; by ' the loveliness of . its li ?JS^k J »nd- leaning^ shores. Seaward, every pi SH j' r tureEque point' and coigns of vantage,'Ino -'' keith; the Bass und North Berwick Law, -. .»..-. "' '':>'* strongly protruded, ns well aa clearly se« '. " . and Leith and its neighbourhood aome ont . . distinctly that you oan feel as well ita pi noUDoe the, words : " Tho boat rook's at tho' pier o' Leith, Pu' loud the wind blows frae tho ferry Eastward.- Arthur's Seat towera grand against the sky, and Salisbury Orng Boemi promontory overhanging an unseen and ide , oooan. . fiowhoro clair can you soo Bowell t contrast botween tho oharaotor of tho ti towns-tho Old and tho Now-tho latter go glittering, like n section of Paris as soi Irom Noire Dame, Bmiling OB it there we ' .no Bboh thingo os Death and Chango in tl 1 "universe; tho other with tho Bhadow of ... thousand sad memories mingling with tl light of other dayB upon it, sombre, Bnblim uilont in Hs age-tinly what .Wordswori oallB it : . . '.' ' . i «. Btatoly Edinburgh, throned on otags." . «nd tho valley which eeparatefl tho.one fio j tbs other is dlflewnt .froni'.aria 'BnpBrlor l both-a galt flied, bata glorious one, with tho bridges and the mound crossing and cheering and peopling the chasm! In the very centre of it riBes Scott's Monument-an emblem of. his wide and catholic genius, binding together present and perished ages. Almost at our feet, towering above all sur roundings, is the crowned belfry of old St. Giles's. Of bow much does it not remind ÜB ! It takes ns baok to the Edinburgh of Qaeen Mary and of John Knox, and we seem to live again in that time of fierce theological I strife. . Knox was more closely associated' with Edinburgh than with any other place. Born in a smsll village of Lothian, the county of which Edinburgh'was tho shire town, nearly bia whole life was spent in that vicinity, and bia great life work centred these. He passed tbrpugh many stormy seasons .and times of ti isl, and at last,," weary of the world and thirsting to depart," he died in Edinburgh in 1572. His grave is marked by a email flat stone, over which tho Regent Morton pronounced the memorable eulogium : " Here lies be that never foared the faoe of man 1" The hou«o where he lived and died still stands in the Nether Bow, between High-street and Oanongate. It is a pic turesque old building, one of the oldest in tbs city. Near tue northwest corner ot at. tinea s, imbedded in tho pathway, ia a small stone, marking the site oi the old Tolbooth, whose onnt name oí the Heart of Mid-Lothian has bean renderod familiar as a household word by Scott's beantilnl novol. Passing the Parliament Honse-a quaint, stately old building, with antique turrets and sculptures, where, on' the adjournment of the last legislature of.Sootland in 1707, Lord Chancellor Seafield exclaimed, " There's an end of an auld sang 1"-one may oross George IV. Bridge, and oome into tbe presence of the silent yet eloquent dead lying under tho grass of old .Groy/rlar's Churchyard, This was originally tho. site of a Franoixoan monastery, which was " deatroyod in 1550. Afterwards the ground, by a special grant of Quoen Mary, waa constituted the city cerne tery. It'is one of the most interesting spots of old Edinburgh. In tho old church here, in 1G39, alter . c sermon by Alexander Henderson, the " Solemn League and Cove nant^, WBB signed by all the congregation, tho Earl of Sutherland heading the list. Afterward it was carried out and laid ou a flat tombstone ia tho yard, where the vast multitude assembled there all pressed for ward iu earnestnoBB and zeal to affix their own names to the parchment. Many, amid tears and prayers, wrote their names with their ; own blood-a terrible forewarning of streams of blood that .should flow in conse quence. The stone may still, be aeoD, in. closed with an iron railing, solid and firm SB the hearts of those who crowded around it in that long ago. Tba walls of old Greyfriars' have eoboed with the voices of Scotland's ablest preachers. Here. Dr.. Robertson, the historian, gave full vent to his eloquence. Bobert Bollock, the first principal of the Uni versity of Edinburgh, Dr. John Erskine, Br. John Inglis, and Dr, Guthrie have all been incumbents here. . Soott worshipped in this old ohuroh when a boy, and his father and other members of the family are buried in the oharobyard. Here also lie Alexander Henderson, George Buchanan, Allan Ramsay, Hugh Blair, to gether with many other eminent men of Edinburgh-lawyers, professors, and chief magistrates. Here was brought, wrapped in a coarse cloak, at dead of night, the head less body of the once powerful Begent Mor ton, and seorétly buried in an obsouro grave. But there are yet nobler sleepers ia this "God's aore"-an innumerable company of martyrs, A monument to their memory bears the inscription:-"From 27th May,' 1C61, that the most noble Marquis of Argyll was beheaded, to the 17th February, 1088, that Mr. James lienwiok suffered, were oneway or other murdorod and destroyed for tho same aauBe, about 18,000, of whom were exe cuted at Edinburgh about 100 of noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others- noble martyrs for Jesus Christ. The most of them liebere." In a desolate corner on the south side of tho yard about 1200 Covenanters, prisoners taken at' Botbwoll Bridge, wera confined for ' five months, and anbjeoted to the moBt re fined cruelties. They were oonfined in tho open air, with no shelter and no provision for their comfort. , Four ounoea of bread per day, with water from one of the oity pipes, wbioh passed near the placo, was the allow ance for oaoh man. If any prisoner rose from the ground ot night, he was at once Bbot at by tho guard. Only women woro allowed occasionally to communicate with thom and bring thom food, and these were subjected to every, species of inBult from tho guard posted at the gate. Some broke down under the Bufferings of this ancient Andersonvillo, and signed a bond never again to take up arms against tho king, upon which oonoos siou they wore released. Over 400 romained firm; and many foll victims to tho severity of the Scottish winter. A remnant, about 250, wero finally sent on a ship to Barba does. Tho vessel was wrecked on tho woy, and only a fOW souls. woro saved. Tho Covenanters' prison-yard is acoeRsiblo by an ancient stone gateway,- tho opening guarded by nn iron-rail gato, through whioh ono may look with owe on tho ground within sanotifiod by so much misery. ~ Near by rests, ono of tho chief enemies of tho persecuted Covenantors, Sir Goprgo Mackenzie. Ha was King's Advocate'in tho terrible times of Charles II. and James If., and bad a large share in tho cruolties then practised. He was so detested by tho common people that thoy boliovod his body oould not rost in'tho grave, but was forced to wander, keeping restless and wretched guard, like a sontiuol of hell, around tho circle of his victima; and boys used to oryinat tho keyhole of his monument, " Bluidy Mackenzie, como out if yo danr ; Lift tho Bnook and draw tho bar." - Passing from Groyfriars' by Collegs Wynd, where Walter Soott was born,, wo. may" cross the South Bridge and go to tba Tron Church in High street, where in tho square tho good people of Edinburgh for centuries have bean wont to meet to exobonge New Year's greeting. vWben the olook in tho ohuroh tower chimes tbe momentous hour of twelve, the whole air rings with shouts of." a happy New-Year I" Friend and stranger ara alike grasped by the hand, and mutual good wishes exohanged. There is a tradition that tho articles of union between England and Scotland were finally subscribed in a collar opposite tho" entrance to the Tron Ohuroh.' The piaba is at present oooupiod by a wicker- worker, and nothing may be seen thoro bat the matorial of a workshop. Hore tho North Bridge oroaaes tho valley towards Prinoes-street and the .new portion of Edinburgh;' Just beyond the bridge, in High-street, is . tho Bbop where Allan Ramsay began business'aa a bookseller. Every step here is full ot interest, and tho history of each house would moko a book. Blaokfrlar's-stroet, running from the Cow gate bitberward, was, until rooently, a dis mal and wretobed alloy-Blaok/rior's Wynd. Bobert Chambers speaks of it in his time as being utterly impassable on account of its j ruined oondition, and it is difficult to fancy that for a period of over five hundred years it was the abode of prinoes and noblemen. Here dwelt the prinoely Earl of Orkney, whose dame waa attended by " soveoty-five gentlewomen, ' whereof fifty-threo' were daughters of noblemen, all clothed in velvets and silks, with their oliains of gold," Queen Mary waa entertained here with all the "nobles of her court, and through hero sba poBBed on her way to Holyrood after her last visit, to Darnley, on the very night of his murder. Tho wholo length of tho Canon gato to Holy-rood ia alive with OBaooiationa both romantic and historical. In the -ceme tery of Canongato.Church Bleep many, of the literary men of tho last century. Here lie the remains of Fergusson the poet, whose monument waa oreotod at .tho ; expense of Bobert Barns, " to .remain for ever sacred to tho memory of him whose name, it bears, and , who, was born Gib. September, 1751 ; died ICth October, 1774." (2b 6â continued.) 