THE MONTH AT HOME. [From our Own Correspondent.] London, December 21. While sickness, distress, and war are deso-<*> lating thousands of humbler hearths at home and abroad, the gnat ones of the earth are not left without irresistible reminders that they. too, are but mortal. There have been various illustrations of this lately, but the most striking ot all is seen in die mysterious ordination of Providence which has just taken away her gra cious Majesty's second daughter, very soon after the loss of that daughter's little girl. This last heavy trial, comiDg as it did, by a strange coin cidence, on the anniversary of the saddest of all bereavements which could befall a woman, has naturally evoked for the Qncrn and her family the nation's heartfelt sympathy. Both Houi 3 ot Parliament, expressing the unanimous feeling lof the country, have pasted votes of sin cere condolence with the Sovereign in j ber deep affliction, and the leaders iv each Chamber have paid touching and grace ful tributes to tbe virtues ef the deceased. Similar eulogies were pronounced upon the ! Princess on Sunday at the principal metro | politan churches while panegyrics of even \ greater fervor nave emanated from maay Journalists. The devotion of Sex Royal High new to her lamented father and her illustrious brother in their hoar of extreme weakness, her ministrations to tbe wonuded in the Franco ' German war, and her only too literal self • tacrince in nursing her on-u sick children, have | all been warmly and justly extolled. Some of I these acts were exceptionally heroic, and can ■ot be too highly praised, others are happily : iwralltU <1 in the daily life of thousands of lower ' aud middle-class households. And if it be not so ! also in the mansions of the high-torn aDd tbe 1 opulent, the more is the shame. Indeed, some of tbe encomiums bestowed on the memory of ; her whom we all uoiv mourn sound like a ' severe though indirect rebuke to scores of I fashionable mothers who systematically neglect : tbe plainest and most sacred duties of their ! sex. Whatever may be the degeneracy in this 1 respect among the Upper Ten Thousand, who J rightly admire while they care not to imitate : the example of the good Princess Alice, it is ! certain that among the poor there are instances j without number of the same womanly self ! sacrifice as adorned the daughter of Queen Victoria. Ever since the declaration of war and the proposal for an autumn session persons of every shade of politics had been awaiting with intense interest Mr. Gladstone's speech to his Green wich constituents on the 30th November. The occasion was to bid them farewell, in accordance with a determination announced some months ago. Perhaps it may be well te add that there is no reason for assuming that Mr. Gladstone intends to retire from Parliamentary duties, his association with Greenwich being severed simply en tbe ground that he feels himself unable to Kive adequate attention to the important local interests of that borough. The right hon. gentle man has been invited by tie Liberals of several towns and by those of the Borough of Soutfa wark to become their candidate at the approach ing general election, but as yet he declines to pledge himself to any of them. In the after noon a luncheon at the Ship Hotel was given to the ex- Premier, whose reception was most enthusiastic. In response to the toast of his own health and that of his wife (who accom panied him and shared in the honors of the day) he delivered a timely exhortation upon the necessity of union and organisation in the Liberal ranks—as far as practicable on the Bir mingham plan—ascribing to the absence of tkewe requisites the defeat which the party sustained throughout England in 1674. The most important part of tbe day's proceedings, however, was the meeting in the fiink at Wool wich. The arrangements lor this gathering, like tbose for the whole day, curiously exemplified one phase at least of that sad lack of organisation on which their dutinguubed mem ber had to seasonably dilated. To prevent dis order, admission was confined to tieket-holdere; Imt, for want of other precautions, this restne tion only produced "confusion worse con founded." Large crowds were kept outside waiting in the niud and the fog for over an hour before the niettiug, and when tbe doors were at last opened there was a wild rush and scramble for jilacts, in which it went hard with the weaker k-x ; for in sncli cases gallantry, alas < olten goes as much to tbe wall as they do. The Jlink was filled to overflowing, over 3,000 penoos squeezing themselves iv as l?est they could, while other thousands outside im provised a demonstration «v their own ac count, tlieir shouts being distinctly audible within the buildiug between the pauses of Mr. Gladstone's rhetoric, to sgkicb they lent a sort of weird effect. Owing to the difficulties of access through the throng, the bearer of the "emblazoned" address intended-_to be presented to the ex- Premier, did not arrive in time, and the ceremony had to be gone through without it. The great orator himself did not roach the platform with his escort till thirty minutes beyond the appointed nour. De was again greeted most enthusiastically, and listened to, it may be supposed, with profoundeec and most sympathetic interest. It need hardly be added that his oration wasgrandandelectrif ring. There was an unusual gravity and pathos in hU taue to which the circumstances of the moment lent a solemn impressiveness. We are approaching Christmas in genuine Christmas weather. Know has fallen all over the country, and the frost which has set in has once more given skaters a chance to enjoy their exhilarating pastime. In short, we are ex periencing an "old-fashioned" winter, which must be very hard to realise by your readers, who may peruse these line in the glow of a mid summer sun. It is pleasant enough to the hardy and the well-to-do, but it terribly increases the suffering of the poor, whose ranks are added to by such as have to keep an enforced holiday in consequence of tbe suspension of most out door labor. The prevailing distress which t have referred to previously is unfortunately growing. Every industry languishes. Tbe mining biuiness in Cornwall is in a very bad way. Where not crushed opt altogether by Australian competition it is said it is carried on at a loss. The China trade is stagnant, ship building is at a standstill, and tbe fisheries hare been unproductive. Thousands of laborers and artisans are out of work. The Bank failures have intensified the distress. On the Northumberland borders bakers' vans have been stopped by hungry men and robbed, and bread has been demanded from shopkeepers by laborers made desperate by star vation. Some whom the workh&use; has refused have become thieves in order to get the food and shelter afforded by the gaol. In Scotland matters are nearly as bad, and in great manu facturing centres the unemployed are put to stcne-bre*king and road-making, at merely food wages. The Kentish laborers are still locked out. Indeed, the farmers could not give them work now if they would, but efforts are being made to bring about mutual concessions, so that labor may be resumed when the state of the Isnd permits. Under these circumstances, men of all parties were amazed at a proposal emana tiug from tbe Government to help the suffering Ti-rkUh subjects in the Rhodope monntains with a grant of money; and the project was at ouce abandoned in fate ol tbe oppatition it en conntered. As tbe darkest bour is that nearest tie dawn, the very blackness of the cloud of depression must lead us to hope that the time for improvement will soon come, eves though no signs of it be jet visible. The ghost of " IYolection" has been raised, and is stalking the depressed agricultural dis tricts, but I think the disturbed spirit will soon be exorcised. It is not wonderful, when men are Keeking everywhere for a clue to the com mercial misfortunes which are pressing upon them that some iew landlords and farmers should instinctively turn to the subject of free trade. A better price for their corn, consequent upon the check of foreign imports, commends itself to some of them as an easy solution of their present difficulty. Lord Holmesdale, as Chairman of a great meeting of agrieoltarists at llaidstone, urged the reirapontion of the import doty on corn, and, deapite aa amend ment moved by members of their own class, the farmers resolved to appoint a Committee to discuss the matter with a view of bringing it before Parliament. That toe adoption of free tiede principles all over the world would be a great advantage to us is not denied, bat j no good can come of retaliatory tariffs. As the Marquis of Lansdowne reminded the | Cheltenham farmers, thirty years of severe trial : have taught tbe nation that'the strides of com- j merce when unfettered were enormous, while I under protection, as io America, they were alow. I ThU ie practically the judgment of men of all j parties, and no journal is found to advocate a ' return to a restrictive policy. The Chancallor i of the Exchequer, being appealed toon the sub ject, dismissed it with a regret that be could not give time to a consideration of the wide ' issues it raises : but he expressed a very oonfi- ; dent opinion that the origin of the present stag- i nation aonst be Bought for in other causes than , the action of free trade principle*, and that the ! remedy would hardly be found in so-called ' " reciprocity* tariffs. Among the few leading i newspapers which have taken the trouble to { discuss a matter which has be?n so effectually settled is the aristocratic Horning Post, which it, nothing if not Conservative; and this journal { forcibly endorses the sentiment* which I have j shown are generally adopted. ! The Smithfielil Club Cattle Show, in anticipa tiou of approaching Christmas, could boast of more numemus entries of animals, as well as of higher general merit in the specimen* displayed, titan the corresponding collection last year. Whether this circumstance is due to the ruin ous prices iv the corn market having driven farmers to devote more stringent endeavors to the fattening of beeves and mutton, or whether a prolific grass season, abundant roots, and low prices of feeding stuffs, or. above all, the quies- j eeiice of contagions diseases among flocks and ! herds have produced this result, the fact remains the wne. All our great breeders, from Royalty dovuwards, contribute as usual to the Show. The case against Lady Gooch has ended promptly. There was no doubt of her lady- , ship's guilt, for she confessed it, and thus j granted all that her husband sought in prosecution. However, the Magistrate could not sanction such a barefaced appeal to , the rowers of the law for tbe purpose of serving ; private ends. Ho doubt the unfortunate lady was punished enough by tbe exposure, but tbe j attempted crime was one which the law could not nick at. The difficulty has beeu easily out, and the lady has been spared even the trouble of driving down to the Court to which she was committed. The indictment was drawn up so as to be certain to fall through. Lady Gooch was charged with conspiring with her nurse to palm off a strange child upon her husband. Tbe Recorder, therefore, had to tell the Grand Jury what the meanest legal intellect knew, that the evidence did not support a charge of conspiracy, and they at once found ''no true hill." Thus ends, as far as the public are con cerned, a painful as well as foolish domestic drama, which might surely liave been better rehearsed wholly in camera. On St. Andrew's Day the sons of Caledonia rreideut in London, and indeed throughout the Empire, celebrated tbe festival of their patron saint in their accustomed manner. There was much personal arraying in the "garb of old Gael," tniich consumptiou of haggis, washed down by Glenlivat aud other stimulants, much exchange of national and fraternal greetings, blended of course with the thrilling if some what liarsh notes of many bagpipes. In far Canada the uew Governor-General, a true child of Soot ia—whose progress by the way with the Princess Louise through his Pro-consulate has beenoue continuous ovation—opened a ball at Montreal on Saturday uight, surrounded by his joyous countrymen and couutrywomen, who muster strong in the Dominion, as indeed where do they not 1 His Excellency prefaced the reels and strathspeys by an appropriate speech, and the festivities were extended to the witching hour and the frontiers of the "Sabbath." The only drawback to the full enjoyment of the occasion was the circulation of an order requir ing ladies to appear at all Court assemblies in low-necked dresses. The simple colonists do not relish such rigorous etiquette, which is foolish on the face of it in a climate like theirs, and their indignation is by no means allayed at the "concession" which permits square-cat (but on no account high-necked) costumes to be worn when a medical certificate of chest delicacy is produced. The whole proceeding is monstrous, and the new Governor will not find it tend to promote the popularity he naturally wishes for, and which file hearty welcome he received might lead him to expect. Betuming to our own capital, there were musical performanpes on a grand scale in connection with this com memoration at Exeter Hall, St. James's Hall, the Albert Hall, and various minor places of entertainment, the programme in each case con sisting in the main of Scotch songs and ballads, together with the strains of the pibroch. To quote the words of the ballad about one of thes > melodies it may i^- avid of the music, in all thos: cases, tl:at " It was loud, H was fitful, ss vrttianthe breeze; It- wandered •beat into several keys; It was jcrky.flpasmodk, and bar*, Tin aware; But still it distinctly suggested an at." T)ie Scottish Corporation held tlicir ttsual banqueel at the Freemason's Tavern. The guest* numbered about 2GO. The Duke of Richmond and Gordon was to have presided, but, owing to a domestic affliction, bod to gire placo to Lord Kinnaird. Professors Msckie and Ecas mu? Wilson, Principal Xulloefa, and Dean Stanley, the last almost a naturalized Scot, were of the good company. The occasion was a charitable as well as a festive one, and tbe amount of subscriptions announced during the evening was £1,400 —not perhaps a very insig nificant sum in a year of great commercial de pression. One of tbe most extraordinary cases of mal versation of property that could possibly happen has been before the Irish Master of the Bolls. A wealthy ironfounder, Mr, W. Vincent, of Wardale. County Dublin, died intestate in 1865 I leaving a widow and seven daughters. His for -1 tune amounted to £40,000. Letters of adminis tration were granted to the widow limiting her power to tbe receipt only of dividends upon shares and stocks, but giving general power as to the remainder of the property. She neverthe less sold out all the shares, mortgaged Foatbill Abbey, applied the money thus raised to her own use, and became insolvent in March last. Her own father, a clergyman, is a creditor to tbe amount of £400. The Master of the Roils declared that be would trace every pound of the assets thus wantonly scattered to the winds. Tbe defendant has accordingly to bring up by February 1 a statement aa to any dealings by her with any property reserved on the face of tbe letters of administration, aud in cases where a power of disposal did not exist His Honor intends to direct a suit against every one of the Companies who illegally allowed stock to be transferred, ordering them to bring the money into Court. He thiakM that any respect able Company concerned will anticipate an enquiry of the bind by coming voluntarily before the Court It is to be hoped that this stretch of chanty may be justified by the results. In any case the whole proceedings axe to be unmasked, as it is impossible to believe that tbe lady has been single- handed in the extraordinary business by which her children (five of whom arc still minors) are made penni less and a splendid property is wasted. I will promise not to trespass needlessly upon your readers' indulgence in reference to the affairs of the unfortunate City of Glasgow Bank, especially as I learn that the proceedings for liquidation, if they resemble those of the Western Bank of Scotland, will probably last twenty yean. Bat another most important in cident has occurred which must be mentioned. It must surely give the death- blow to any fresh attempt to promote unlimited joint stock speculations. The Caledonian Bank, one of the best-managed in the country, held £400 of the Glasgow shares, thereby rendering itself liable to the full amount of its assets. Under these circumstances there was no alternative but to present • petition for liquidation, and a very sensible and prudent agreement has been come to between tbe two insolvent firms and the other Scotch Bonks under the sanction of the Court of Session. The Caledonian will set aside £150,000 of its paid-up capital in security of the probable call to be made upon it by the Glasgow liquidators within the next twelve months, and the other Scotch Banks will take tbe-notes and pay the deposits of the Cale donian Bank. Tet another great failure to add to the wofully black list of commercial disasters for tbe year. On Sunday, the Bth, tbe Directors of tbe West of England and South Wales Bank, an nounced that it would not open its doors on the following day. The Bank bad about 50 branches, tbe bead office being at Bristol. The liabilities are about three and a half millions, and at first it was thought that the assets would amount to tbe same sum. but a (reek's investigation shows that there is a deficit of at least £500,000. The Directors are free from any suspicion of fraud, but one of the clerks and a builder, who had been allowed to overdraw his account, are in custody. The most serious loss of £10J,003 in 1675\. owing to tbe failure of the proprietors of tbe Plymouth and Aberdare Ironworks. Ine Direcors of the Bank worked the concern them selves in the hope of retrieving the lose, bat in creased it instead to £150,000. This misfortune, however, it is believed could have been tided over bat for adrerse rumors which were set ! afloat, and which caused a persistant drain on | the deposits. Tbe shareholders are to a large ; extent persons of small means, tbe shares being £20 each, of which £15 has been paid op, and their liability is unlimited, A call of £5 or £6 will be necessary. There is no hope of resusci- j tating tiie Bynk. A. Bristol gentleman ?>"twl ■ Gibson, who-e money was mostly entrusted to ! tbe unfortunate firm, died instantly from the shock occasioned by the news of the suspension. During tbe month tbe Rochdale Sank, a private , firm, baa collapsed owing to fraud, bringing ! great distress upon a large district. The creditors will get about 4s. in the pound. I Perhaps England, which did not distinguish, j herself in tbe art of tapestry working in aa age j when it waa most in vogue, may in these later , | d*js win a name far taste in this beautiful pro duction and for excellence in its manufacture. Certainly much attention has been given to the j subject of late, and it is significant that Punch has for tbe past year or two greatly changed the character of the backgrounds in its drawing room scenes by tile introduction of tapestry in : place of wall-naper. Hay this be accepted as the proverbial straw to show which way the wind is blowing? Taken into connection with , tbe Exhibition now «pen at Windsor perhaps it may. Tbe latter event has aroused a surprising amount of interest. A display of tapestry may seem at first eight a purely antiquarian matter. But this is a mistake. Tbe tapestry now on view at Windsor Town Hall is, at least most of | it. of modern and English make, the produce of | a factory recently set up under Royal patronage. An attempt which waa made in the seventeenth century to domesticate tbe process with us bad tbe luck of most things begun or favored by the ! Stuarts. It is to be hoped that the patronage which has been bestowed upon this new venture will be more effective. | Literature, music, and the drama have each sustained terete losses during the month. Mr. j George Henry I<ewea, tbe essayist, historian, and philosopher, has passed away to the regret ' of a large section of the reading public, and to tbe bereavement of a yet greater celebrity than himself—"George Eliot, 9 bis devoted vite. For many years these two faith- ; ful companions might regularly be seen in their favorite walk in Regent's Park, near which they had a pleasant residence, j All of those who have read *• Adam Bade " must sympathise with the gentle lady who is now left to wander companionless on earth. Only "George Eliot" herself could tell bow much she owes to her wise and kindly fellow-worker ; only George Lewes, whose voice is sealed for ever, could have expressed the bemfieent in fluence and inspiration derived daily and hourly from such an ideal spouse. Mr. Alfred Wigan, who was better known to the past generation of playgoers than to tbe present, is dead. He made bis first appearance on the stage 40 years ago, and was soon assigned a high place among tbe exponents of the modern dram*. He also at different periods managed the Olympic, St. James's and Qaeen's Theatres with success. Mr. Frederick Gye,tbe well-known director of the Royal Italian Opera, owed his death to a sad accident, which occurred while he was enjoying a shooting excursion at Lord Dillon's. He was in the act of assisting one of the party over a sunk fence when bis friend's gun went off, and tbe contents lodged in the deceased's right side. Mr. Gye deserves to be remembered as a valu able public servant, for there can be no question that the career of tbe Royal Italian Opera has been for tbe benefit of the lyrio drama. The only fault found with his management was too great a leaning towards the "star" system, which has been of late years more and more severely denounced aa a consequence of the spread of musical knowledge and the powerful intrusion of the democratic element in matters relating to opera. The enterprise will, it is be lieved, be carried on by Mr. Gye.'a son, who has for several years taken an active part in the administration. £ Major Wbyte-Melville, the author of many popnlar novels, has succumbed to the effects of an accident be met with in the hunting-field, when he was thrown from his horse. The lamented gentleman^ romances were of a healthy and elevating character, fitly reflecting tbe generous sympathies of their author. The Major's last literary work was a tale for a Christmas book, and it is interesting to know that be bad generously bestowed the honorarium he received upon a needy member of the craft. Tbe Archbishop of Canterbury, who six months ago lost bis only eon,has been bereaved of his wife. The sympathy of Churchmen in Adelaide as well as of those at home will, I am sure, be accorded to our good Primate in his double sorrow. O" Ice Obeak. Ice C*EiM. Ice Crea.si —We are requested by J. Jackman, of 48 and SO, King William-street, to inform tbe public that during the Summer months they can obtain Ice Cream in any quantities, of very superior quality: also. Strawberries and Cream Jackmau's Dining Boouis, 48 and SO, King Wil liam-etreet. Private room for Ladies upstairs Oreu from 1 a.m. to 8 p us. $v w;8 