MISCELLANEOUS. The quickest method of developing human life is to plant a photographer's camera in front of a lonesome, deserted country hotel, and long, long before the artist can get a focus, the porch, balcony, doors, windows, sido fences and dormer windows of that hostelrio will be alive v.'itb smiling unconscious humanity. The wedding-ring is put on the fourth finger of^ the woman's left hand, becauso in the original formulary of marriage it was placed first on the top of the thumbj with the words 'In the name of the Father; 'then on the next finger, with ' And of the son ; ' then on tho middle finger, with 'And of the Holy Ghost ; ' and finally on , the fourth, with the 'Amen.' Keep pusliing 1 'tis wiser tlinn sitting aside, And sighing and witching and waiting the tide ; In life's earnest battle they only prevail, Who daily march onward and never say fail. Said a customer to a bookseller, ' Tha book trade is affected, I suppose, by tho general depression f What kind of books feel it most}' 'Pocket books,' was the laconic taply. An old salt sitting on the wharf the other day very soberly remarked, 'I bogan the world with nothing, and I have held my own ever siHce.' A terse and suggestive bio graphy. There are two eventful periods in the lifo of a woman. One, when she wonders whom she will have ; tbe other, when she wonders who will have her. For removing paint or greese spotB from clothing, mix four tablespoonful of alcohol with a tablespoonful of salt ; shake well together, and apply with a sponge or brush. ' What is the meaning of n back-biter 1' asked a gentleman at a Sunday School ex amination. This was a puzzler. It went down the class until it cume to a simple utchin, who said, ' Perhaps it is a flea.' A rather amusing insiilent is told as having occui red recently at a church in Connecticut, not many miles from Fairfield. Tho clergy man, it would appear, desired to call the attention of his congregation to the fact that it being the Inst Sunday of month ho would ndmiuistcr the rito of baptism to children. Previous to Ilia having entered the pulpit, he had received from one of his elders, who by the way wns auitc deaf, a notice to tbe effect that ns tho children would be present that evening, and he had tho new Suudny-school books rendy for distribution, he would have them there to sell to all who desired then). After the sermon, the clergyman began the notice of baptismal service thus — ' All of those having children and desiring to have thcin baptised reill bring them this afternoon.' At this point the deaf elder, hearing the men tion of children, supposed it wns something in reference to his books, and rising said — ''All of those having none, and desiring tbem, will bo supplied by me for the sum of 25 cents.' The Oldest Cordial in Existence. — This distinction may fairly be claimed for ' Dew of tho Alpg,' a delightful vegetable stimulant and restoiyUive, which has been popular m Switzer land' ever since the days of Coltpnbi)S,^8~a remedy for bodily weakness, derangement of the stomach, and low spirits, and as a safe guard against all diseases propngnted by infec tion in tho air or unwholesome elements in the water. The first consignment of the article made to tbis country proved wonderfully bene fici.il nt the mines and elsewhere, in warding off epidemics and imparting new strength and energy to persons enfeebled by climatic influ ences, hard labor, privation, or exposure, nnd tbe demand for it has ever since been increas ing. The proprietors in Geneva now ship large quantities of the delicious cordial to this market, to their friends, Messrs. Moss and Co., and it finds a ready sale in all parts of Australia. — Adv. Holloway's Fills. — Tho Body's Bulwark. — Nine-tenths of the maladies afflicting adults depend upon a disordered stnte of the stoiriacET Holloway's Pills correct the first symptoms of sndigestion hy acting healthily on /the gastric juice, and wholesomely exciting the liver. They dispel flntulency in incipient indigestion, nnd overcome heat, distention, and p.iin attending more advanced or neglected cases. These Pills invigorate, and snon restore the dyspeptic fjoin the gre it aud sudden depres sion of strength always accompanying stomachic disorders or biliary derangement. They beget cheerfulness, vigor, and hnppiness. In rectifying disorders of the digestive appara tus these Pills pjove themselves tbe promptest preventives of disease. They raise a bulwark against nil approaching maladies, and preserve freshness, health, and life. — Adv. 'No pent-up Utica contracts our powers' may be truly suid of ono of the most invalu ablo^preparations of modern timejf for its sales arp not confined to any particular sphere, hutS-wfteud over all the quarters of - the globe. Orders are being constantly received from remote sections, aud its export constitutes one of tbe staples of our trade. Circulars nud pamphlets explanatory of its curative proper ties have been translated into all languages, nnd there is 110 portion of tho world where Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps is not known and appreciated. — Adv. 