I The Albury Turf Club Meeting1. I By ,"The Wizard." j The annual meeting of the above club, which j I was brought off on Wednesday and Thursday I last, cannot be termed a success, either from a 1 racing or monetary point ©f view, as the sport I was ©i a truly mediocre character, while the I attendance was exceedingly limited, particularly j ou the second day. The special day's races of j the Australian J ©ckey Club proved to be a for- ( tuitous circumstance for the Albury Club, as a I number of Victorian sporting men determined I I patronise the Albury races, while ou their j way to Sydney, and thus the attendance from | the metropolis was the largest that has ever as- I sembled in the federal city, but the first day's I racing was quite enough for the great majority I of them, and few remained to Bee the meeting I terminate. It is not my intention to desc&nt; npon ( the trip up to Albury, as there is reallylittle to say I about it. The weather on W edaesday was particu- j I larly cioi for this time of the year, and, there- I fore, the drive out to the course was a very en- 1 joyable one, but the return trip was quite the j reverse, the dust; at times being really unbear- I able. The running ground was in capital order, J and the stand enclosure presented the same ap. I pearance as last year, hut one would have I thought that by this time tbe stewards would j have secured a more pretentious "telegraph j / board" than the one that was in use on Wednes- I j day and Thursday. There were six starters for j the Maiden Plate, and most confidence was re 1 posed in Bonnie Rose, a racing-looking grey J filly by Bonnie Carlisle, but a few backers pre | ferred Montana, who was turned out in Yeo- I manss best style. Desdemona cut out the work j for something likehali a mile, when she retired in j | favour of Mavis, who looked all over a winner j j until they were inside the distance. Here Bonnie | Rose put in her claim, and answering Davis I very gamely, she beat Mavis very ebveriy at j the end. The Hurdle Race was » gifs to j | Counter jumper, as although Prince Alfred led I him after the first half mile to the turn into the I I straight, it was only on sufferance, as the son of j I Red Rover went tn t.fco t.: ? 3 _ 1 I 8e,' keat Hickory in a canter. | i.ae latter ran very well, considering that he j injured his stifle against one ©f the hurdles, but j had Prince Alfred been nersevered witib he 1 must have finished second. There were seven starters for the Cup, one of whom (Hefcman I Piatofi) had not been paid up fer m time, owing to a mistake on the part of his owner, bat the stewards and the owners of the other horses very ! kiodly »llowed torn to .tart. Albyn, on. of the Saowden breed, and who was in the very pink of I condition, held the pride of place in the betting and I was also much impressed with the looks of Kinsman— not a bad-looking colt, by Yattendon out ef Animas dam. The light weight and a good start served Kildare very well, aa he made the pace very hot for over a mile ; but Albyn was pulling two double all the way and when he went to the front, a quarter of a' mile 1 from home, it was all Lombard street to a China I orange oil him. Kinsman and the grey horse Robin Hood, ran well, but neither of them could pace at the finish with Albyn, who fairly romped home. The race was run ia very fast I time, and proves that in Albyn Mr. Paton I possesses a colt of more than average merit. The | I public seemed to fancy Samson the most for tbe I j Albert Stakes, and with very good reason too, | as although Davis (ou Merrj jig) stole a march | en his seven opponents, it was ail over directly the favourite was set going, and he Jed nearly all I the way, beating Nimblefoor. in a verv hollow I manner. Arrogant was said to be a really good thing for the Grand S and Handicap, the tBg £E68' sfraogely enough, overlooking | Asnror, who was in pretty good buckle, a»d in such company was worthy of some attention. P® rao® never in doubt from the fall of the flag, as Davis, taking Terror to the front, led all the way, and won as he liked from Featbertep and Arrogant. The winner, who is by tbe de funct Premier put of Pallas, was a good per. former last season, and by his victorv in | vtrana Stand Handicap, shows that he yet re. I tan. » far tan, of .peed. The racio? all through WM pretty good, butone d.y woe Suit, aoug for thpta who wero bound for Syduev , and thwtfflra.I not, tarprieed to tea the grand ntand enclosure present a " brsoarlv array of empty benohea" on the second dfy. T mart oonfera, however, that I was mach dis i appomtad with the small number of local people I present; bnt, taking OTmything into considora. turn, thon whe auubly ntopped away, did not ' I lose anything by it. The heat was some J thing intense, and justifies all I have j heard and read respecting the weather at Albury at this time of the year. Tbe racing, j soo, was o the. most hollow description, three j races bringing only a trio of starters to the post, I and another one only a brace, so that, as can I easily be imagined, very little interest was j taken in the proceedings. The first race on fch j card was the Produce Stakes, wi iek only j brought three youngsters to the post, aid I Taurus was unanimously voted to be a real y I good thiiig, Albert, however, got something J like 100 yards the best of the start, and although I Taurus wonderfully decreased the gap between j them, the leader beat him by three lengl ha at I the finish. The Corinthian Cup was a very hollow affair, as Mavis led her solitary oppe- I neat (Rosewood) from start to finish, j and galloped in an easy winner. In I connection with the next event, tbe j Hurdle Race, some curious proceedings oc- | curred, and the stewards, by their prompt a tig. I decisive action in the matter, merit the thanks I of those who have the interests of the turf at I heart. Counter jumper, Hickory, and Prince I Alfred were the only horses left in the rac-, I and sb the jockey of the former weighed out at I 'he proper time, the bookmakers felt justified ia laying 6 to 4 against Prince Alfred, at which price he was hacked to win a good stake. Just before the. starting time, however, Counter- I jumper was scratched, for some unknown cause, I and as a rumour was quickly circulated that j Hickory would not try to win, those who had J laid against Prince Alfred were lead ia their j denunciations of what they termed a "bare- j faced robbery." The attention of the stewards j was directed to the surroundings of the oase, and j as Hickory and Prince Alfred wended their way j to the starting place, tbe scene in the saddling j oaddock almost defies description. Prince A fred I led Hickory by three or foor lengths for a mile, I when Hickory baulked, amidst the yells of the I occupants of the stand. The race was then I virtually over, and Prinoe Alfred cantered in an I easy winner, both horses being groaned and I hooded at as they passed the stand and entered the wei - king -yard. The stewards at once held an investigation, and, after a wearisome delibera tion of nearly two hours, decided te disqualify Messrs. P. Wfeifcty and T. Dufroeq, the owners of Princ8 Alfred and Hickory, for twelve months, and both horses for a similar period. The owner of Counterjumper was fined £25 for iate scratching, and finally tbe race was declared null and void, all bets, of course, thus feeing off. The decision of the stewards met with general approval, and no doubt wiil be endorsed by other racing clubs. After the excitement over this fiasco had calmed down, attention was turned to the Turf Ciub Handicap, for which Albyn, npon the strength of his running on the previous day, was made a great favourite, and he never gave his two op ponents, Robin Hood and Lanwine, the ghost of a chance, leading all the way, and winning in a walk. The Ladies' Mile produced a capital race, and Terror looked all over a winner until a quarter of a mile from home, when the weight began to tell on him, and, failing back, he left the issue to Bonnie Rose and Mavis, who f nr-isoea first; and secoca. The last event, for j which very few people waited, was the I Consolation Stakes, and this resulted in a I victory for Kinsman, with Feathertcp second, j Thus ended the annual races of the Albury j Turf Club, and the general opinion seemed to I be that if the committee wish to bring off a race j meeting worthy of the district, they will have j to select a more seasonable time of the year. The stewards were zealous in the discharge of their duties, but there was a laxity about the arrangements which I should not have expected from such an old- established club, and there was plenty of room for improvement as fir as regards the starting. The majority of the Melbourne visitors left Albury ou Friday I morning, and I hope that on my next visit I ; shall have a more successful meeting to report. 