THE GHOSTS. Mr D'Arcy Read gave his wonderfully per plexing and laughter-provoking exhibition of ghosts at tho Orderly Room last night. The many persons who assembled there had but a confused notion of what thoy wont to see, and wont away ovon moro mystified than when they camo. For this development of tho Pepper ghost that was oxhibitcd many years ago has beon improved upon to such an extent by varied appliancos that tho initial idea is lost sight of by tho spectators. The ghosts have become multi plied in number, and havo the gift of appearing and disappearing among tho flesh and blood sub stances in such a confused mingling that there is a difliculty in distinguishing between shadows and substances. Tho first part of tho pro gramme opened with threo Christy Minstrels who appeared after tho customary form and sung melodies, but when tho refrain came, all of a sudden they disappeared, and their places were taken by three lively good humoured laughing ghosts who took up the refrain. They displaced tho minstrels, and disappearing left tho dark gentlemen in precisely the same seats, and in the same placo as they wore beforo being suddenly displaced, and they continued as if no interrup tion had occurred with tho song. The clever ness of this exhibition consisted in tho rapidity of tho change from substances to shadows, then the reversing of them After a variety of theso illusions between the minstrels and tho ghosts, this first of the programnio was concluded by a fight between the bodies and tho shadows, in which blows fell on eacli other, and "bodios passed through shadows. Tho effect of this opti cal sport was ludicrous. Tho secret of how it iB managed remains with the proprietor. This was followed by a short interlude of tho Parsce in search of his wife, and tho wife in search of tho Parsee. Ho sang " Oh where, oh where is . my littlo wifo gone," while she equally disconsolate, following the same words, substituted where is her husband gone. Tho husband was seen lamonting for his wifo and disappearing, while she in turn sought for'hor husband, each alter natively appearing and disappearing before the audience in a shadowy manner, but a de scription of these effects does not convey the beauty of them ; they must be seen to be enjoyed. The entertainment concluded with a sensational sketch termed the Haunted House, or the ghost's revel. Mr Leander Shake- well, as personated by Mr Read, takes lodgings, and is first surprised in the occupancy of liis new quarters by the curtains, without visible hands, moving away of their own accord. A ghost of hideous aspect succeeds to disturb the nerves of tho lodger. A carpenter boards up the room, and there then follows the strange optical delu sion of ghosts appearing through the solid boards. A pie is put on the table, which cannot be cut by cold steel, and soon there appears on tho table beside this pie a head that sings and moves about iu a natural manner. The head is there alone without a' body. A succession of male and female ghosts appear, also real bodies, who alternate between being the one and the other. As a conclusion to the phantoms, they are seen floating in the air, climbing up the wall, falling down, till at length Mr D'Arcy Read, who mingles in the fray, sometimes as a body, sometimes as a shadow, falls down a real being. The manager, who is called to return thanks for the patronage of the entertainment, does so, and melts away into a shadow. This scientific exhibition is the cleverest of tho kind that lias been witnessed in the colony, and it should not be allowed to leave without being seen by everyone who can find an opportuity to go to it. By request, it will be prolonged over Saturday, and as it- will not be shown again in the town, schoolmasters might well intercede to have a matinee on Saturday afternoon for the instruction and amusement of the scholars. Everyone who saw the exhibition last night de parted in great delight at the treat which had been brought to the town, and it would bo a pity if it were allowed to go without special ex hibition for tho young and visitors from the country on Saturday afternoon, so that they may have something to think about and puzzle over. 