TRAVELLING. Bv Vagans. No. III. The atmosphere around Mark Tree agrees with' ins splondidly. My appetite gets sharper and sharper the more I rub it on the keen air. My knife and fork begin to wear out slowly with tho friction on the plate's bottom. The Chinese in the pattern were executed at the first meal, and have gradually decomposed, leaving only their ghosts be hind. My host, with truo fanner's ring, urges me to " back in my cart" for helps of lioTne mutton, our own pork, or tender veal, whilst his better half sends me down, under cover, a supply of toast, soaked with sweet, juicy butter, which was but a few hours ago keeping company with tho contented cows, noil- talking to their calves; eggs, from tlio clean nests built in every angle of tlio hay yard, stand erect in file, two deep, like soldiers ready for assault. Their pale faces are soon sabred, and a streak of rich fluid, if not staunched in an instant, runs dow n their bodies. There are some people who keep tables on the principlo of laugh and „r0\y fat; but give me a board whore I can substitute the English oat for laugh, audi join there for ever. In the country, people do not laugh during their meals; laughing i does not help thoin to work from daylight till noon, and 011 again till dark. They sit down fair 011 tlio chairs, give one or two jerks of tho nock to foel that their collar ... just right, and then, without further ado, start at the root of tho thing and very soon clear up. I rapidly fell into the fashion, and got 011 amazingly. My host's daughter had the superintendence of affairs generally, and right well tho household is kept up in its drill. No drones can fall out of tho rank and | take a spell, although tlio milk-boy often tries, but in vain. At six in the morning work begins, and the fair commander gives shortly afterwards the orders for the day. Pics and puddings are ever to the front, and to see them marched in after my hard day's work is somo satisfaction for the i troublos and perplexities of lifo. The cups, saucers, and teapot are under the com mand of the directress, who, with the small squadron of good things, is a person to be entered on one'B list of friends. When a man : gets up early, takes a journey by train, and another in a semi-civilized coach, lie feels jmturally tired, but let him sit down for an hour before a table well spread, and partake in moderation of the gifts of nature, and if lie does not then feel satisfied he's no man, but a mass of ingratitude. After tea we discussed various topics of a farming naturo, of which I knew as much as a hen does of j playing a piano. She could make a noise on the instrument, and so could I on farming generally, but when harrows, ploughs, crops, fallowing, wero analyzed I became be wildered, like the poor fowl, whon asked to play the scale of C. Wo next adjourned to tlie best sitting-room, which was cozy, snug, and bright. A Bord's piano, with a little mountain of music on each end, took up one side of the room, whilst opposite were several large arm-chairs, too roomy for me, but | very comfortable. O11 the piano re clined a violin, and hiding in the chimney corner was a harmonium. We had a grand musical, instrumental, select, impromptu concert, rivalling in majeity and finish many entertainments whoso front seats ' modestly demand three shillings. At ten o'clock I felt ready for blanket fair, and excusing myself from the pleasant company, went np-stairs to a well-ventilated room commanding a view east and north. By tho last stroke of eleven I was being courted by lovely sleep, who so rudely refused to give her affections to the distracted King Henry. I eloped with her and got clear off before I 1 was fully aware of it. She keptcloso to me,and would hardly leave me oven in tho morning, but a ding ! dong 1 clish ! slash ! frightened lior away, and I awoke. It was just daylight. I had drawn up tho Venetian the night, pre viously, and noil* the sun was shooting his light over the tops of the trees in streaks of ; «olden fire, and tho white walls catching the glow blushed at their paleness. A slight breeze ruffled the tops of tho trees, which swayed to and fro, singing their morning hymns of gladness. Tho birds wero chorusing on the branches, the crows wero i Ejecting tho premises for stray scraps of food, and ever croaked "never, none," as they flew back to reconsider matters; the roosters ivere crowing themselves hoarse, tho ! hens were telling their chickens to be good and grow up like their mothers; the calves were throwing up their hind legs in their endeavors to reach their tails, which seemed to be starched for tho occasion, so straight | and prim did they stand out; the tiny foal, denied by its mother, gave vent to its feel- | ings in pavings and kicks; the sheep bleat ing in the paddocks bade one another good morning in gentle tones; tho magpies were screaming high up in the trees, in t lie air, 011 the fences, 011 the ground, and when one of | them caught a rich luscious worm it hopped for joy, and flow off with a lia! ha! while the old cows impatient in the byre played foot- | ball with tho buckot, and the milk boy, who took care to be ready for a clean jump in the case of mania breaking out in the region of | the horns. Yet ding, dong! clish, clash! and a roar of a small whirlwind; where were these sounds coming from ? I looked into the yard, and there saw my host playing an | anvil accompaniment to the glorious sunrise, and the happy songs around him. In liis little smithy he was preparing t he ploughshares for tho laborers, and the lively sparks as they flew from tho red-hot iron, died before they had seen half tho morning's beauties. I was soon down in the yard, making more music ] than all the animals in their range. They stopped their performances to listen to mo, but it was a momentary cessation, for an old duck, followed by her husband, chuckled at my weak attempts as it took its early bath; the crows laughed, everything and every body laughed at my city efforts, and I retired to blow tho bellows. At seven o'clock tho breakfast boll rang. I11 less than an hour I was of to tho mount, with a 1 twelve-power field-glass, a little lunch, and a | good, stont stick. Mark Treo Hotel stands in one of the angles mado by two roads, here wide, well cleared, and straight as an arrow. I am now on the centre of the cross, on tho top of an old grave, whose occupant was assassinated Ion" years since. The surroundings of the crime are thrilling, weird, and non-his torical. On a wild, stormy night in July, 1802, as tho wind howled, tho rain fell, the lightning flashed, and the thunder rolled, an age 1 son of Victoria stood shivoring with tho cold, and troubled about tho gathering tempest. While tho storm increased in fury, the sky grow blacker, and tho wind yelled louder; the people in tlieir comfortable homes wero glad that they were, in some degree, re moved from the power of theunmerciful tyrant outside. As they drew their chairs closer to tho cheery fire, the roofs threatened to depart from the walls, and go off 011 a pilgrimage to the cultivated lands; the beams creaked and groaned in agony, and the very houses seemed rocked in the throes of an awful judgment. In the midst of tlie darkness, in , the thickest of the disorder, in the most un protected spot, stood tho veteran, with liis arms spread out, yet driven back, as if im ploring for mercy; his golden locks wero ruthlessly blown away, to be gathered nsxt morn by the littlo woodman's daughter; his body writhed convulsively, and struggled bravely, but tho efforts were useless, for the enemy had marked its prey. Tlio foe, gathering strength, came on, and with one fell swoop the old patriarch fell with a crash, digging his own grave and dying a slow death 011 the roadway. (A little fable of the wind and a tree.) May the same catastrophe never happen to the tree's monument—the hotel. 1 strike east, and after climbing a fence made of pickled logs and brushwood, a selection of laziness is entered. Tho owner has gone; he was sold off to pay expenses; hut having failed to fetch a good price, he is now doing the grand 011 somo other body's money, as ho did when ho resided in his castle of bark. He was a lazy man. He had three sons, with whom I10 used to play marbles, and the quartette would have played on till the millennium but that they got hungry occasionally, and wanted something to eat. They got tired of possum stew, parrot pie, and roast crow to such an extent that the grocer came down on them and cnt off all supplies outsido Her Majesty's Gaol. I walk briskly over a clcared path, the admiration of a hundred head of cattle. I am not frightened, only I do not feel comfortable. I mentally gauge the probing powers of several pair of horns and turn pale. I get through a three-panel fenco as fast as I can and breathe freely. The path gives birth to twins at erery hundred yards, and tlio prolific youngsters beginning on their own account make a mazo of ways perplexing to a citizen. I was told to keep on the straight path till I came to a long fcnce, then turn to the left and go right on. I try to obey the last injunction. The path is like life's track. Wo speculate here, and dabble there, turn east when we should go west, cry " stop " when we should go on, and finish up just where wo hoped to begin. I do not see a human being, unless I squint at myself, or a house on tho way. I am lost in tho bush and cannot go to Mount Cooper to-day. 