LECTURE ON THE PASTORALS. A very large audience, including members of all the .Protestant denominations, met in the Wea leyau Cburch, West Maitland, on Thursday evening, to listen to the Kev, Dr. Kelynack deliver a lecture on the Pastorals. After the meeting had been opened with praise and prayer, Mr. John Lee took the chair. The Revs. W. Jil. Bourne. James Benvie and JR. T. Hills wore also present on the plat- form. * l'ae CHAIRMAN said he felt it unnecessary to in- troduce the learned lecturer to a Maitland audience, more especially to one assembled in that place of worship. Upon any subject it was a plea- sure to listen to tho Rev. Dr. Kelynack ; but upon one of such a nature and importance, which affected the destinies of this fair country, it would be a great treat to listen to a mind so mature I, and to one who could so dispassionately deal with the subject. It would lead the paople assembled there as wall as large numbers of others who would read the words he uttered, to do their duty in the future, which seems fast approaching, when they would' be called> upon to exercise their privileges and induce them to stick to the system they possessed. For a number* of years the public school system had worked in a way which had endeared it to the hearts, and ap- proved itself to the minds, of a vast number of the residents of New South Wales. When the first Pastoral issued by Archbishop Vaughan had been fulminated throughout the length and breadth of the land, it fell like a thunderclap for them to near that the Public school system was a godless one, and one that would lead to immorality, The lecturer would deal with those statements in pretty severe terms. The gauntlet had been thrown down by the hierarchy ot that church, and he did not think the intelligent minds of New South Wales Could but take it up. What was the system they would give in place of it ; a system of payments tor results. They found the members of that church ad- vised to send no men to Parliament but those who .would support that srstein. By that system the tax- payers means would be used not to support one good school, where the beat results could be obtained, but to establish four or five small schools where one would do the work in every hamlet and village. Where they to stand by and see that done (applaus*.) He thought when the Church of Rome cime to at- tempt that they would find they bael made a greit mistake (applause). What the people wauted was a large school where their yuuth could be trained and grow up together, BO that there would not be these divisions of sects; but that when they grew up they would be united and know how* to estimate each others good qualities. The re- sult would be a great success and he thought the public would agree with no system th,it would cut them up into separate sects, but one that would unite their children in one grand whole. In listen- ing to the lecture thay would hear words of wisdom and caution. He trusted they would not bá led away, bat when called upon they would do their duty. Ile would introduce Dr. Kelynack to the audience. lue Bev. J)r. KELYNACK, who was received with applause, said : By the way of preface ho would sf.y that he would just expound there his own convic- tions, and he would do so in bia own way. (Hear, hear.) If there were any brethren of the Roman Catholic faith within the church they might remain. But he might remark that if anything ho might say struck gratingly on their feelings, he had no desire to come here to insult the faith of anyone. In deal- ing with the subject he might use harsh termB, and as he was in the habit of calling a spade a spade, he might say some things which were not altogether palatable, but as his friend« had freely come in to listen to the lecture, if he said anything that was hard for them to bear, they could as freely go out. In dealing with the subject of the Pastoral or Pastorals recently issupd by tho hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church in this colony, he could not but express his satisfaction, hie great satis- faction, that they were furnished with the expression of the essential spirit and policy of Romanißtn, pro- pounded with an utterance so emphatic and with au authority so weighty as to convince the most scep- tical, andtoarou8e the most thoughtless, as to the essential principles of the policy of the Romish Church. It had been the custom to treat with scant courtesy those outsiders who endeavoured to inform the public mind on this topic, and they had some- times been put into the pillory of public reproba- tion as vile disturbers of the public pence, pelted at with cruel epithets, on tho one hand receiving con sure from trimming Piotoatants, and on the other hand poisoned arrows and revengeful words from the heated partisans of jomo. But now > the logic of facts was doing tor them what sound reaeon, argument, and oloquent appeal had hitherto failed to accomplish; for tbeaccu'nu . lated evidence that the Church had begun to pile up herself might be safely left to expound the principle, of Romanism. What liberty of speech meant in the,' mouth of the emissaries of Rome, they had seen in the * treatment measured out to the brave old man who had come amongst them, to expose her errors. He invited all who chose to answer his arguments and refute his facts, and such an opportunity as he offered might easily have tempted some foeman anxious to bring honor to mother Cburch, und tue glory of God. But instead of tim the course pursued WPS vory op- posite. They heaped upon him all the filth that bitter calumny could hunt up. Thev mot him. it was true, but it was with the logic of blue stone at Parramatta (applause), qunrtz at Ballarat, mid howling at Hobart Town (applause) ; and the onty champion the church could find was that noble, actress Miss Joey Gougenheim. (Laughter and cheers.) On the heels of this display they lind wit- nessed another circumstance that strikingly exhibited what liberty of action in Romanism means to all who daretospeakand act fortbemeelves. (Applauso.) The Bathurst case showed them a dying father, against whom, when he pleaded so pathetically, the Bishop could urge nothing against his general char- acter that might fauly constitute a bar to deprive him of whatever virtue lay in sacramental rites, but who dared to bo guilty of the unpardonable sin of choosing the school which his child should attend, and because he did so be was debarred the rites of sacred burial, and with the Church's ban resting on his ashes, was laid in an unconseorated grave. And while men wondered and flamed with indignation at this outrage upon human feeling-at this disgrace and dishonour that was wroußht on the holy name of religion-the spirit of the Church wss exhibited again in tho manifesto the plainness of which no one could mistake-and the boldness of which it would require the moBt astuto to defend. In that manifesto they h'id a full, and frank, and fearless statement of the Church's views upon tho great education question ; and he for one, tendered his most hearty thanks to Arch- bishop Vaughan for thus putting them in possession of what wns the deliberate view ot their Church upon the Public School system, and also for putting them in possession of the policy of t'.iat Church in the future in regard thereto, Kow, briefly summed up, the position of thot Pastoral migh* be thus stated. It condemned their Public School s stem first, be- cause it rested on what was called the vicious and base foundation of secularism. Secondly, it con- demned it becausa the character of the teaching given therein was designated us godless, and as only productive of indifferentism and infidelity, Thirdly it condemned it because of the results which flowed from it ; and in words that made them stir by their boldness they were told that these Public Schools were seed-plots of future immorality, and infidelity, and lawlessness, that would debase and lower the standard of human excellence in their midst, and that would corrupt the political, social, and indivi- dual life of their future citizens. And on that basis -accepting those premises-they proposed to do, what ? They proposed to do that which was an in- vasion of the rights of the parents, an infringement of the liberty of the franchise, and that which really amounted to a dictation of the policy of the Go- vernment ; and they darad to do that upon this ques- tion, which was the most fundamental and vital of all the questions that constituted the honour, the unity, and the future well-baing of this great coun- try (applause). The time had come for bold speech and decisive action in answer. For all liberty-loving citizens-for all true patriots, there was, as it seemod to him, but ona course and duty-and that was to stand up in the presence of this alien power with a courage and strength that would treat her threats with unwavering defiance, and by a dis- cernment which her sophistry could not beguile, and reasoning which would answer her arguments as fire dealt with straw, and a aturdiness of political resistance that would guard | their political rights as a defence of triple steel, show by signs that could not be mistaken-that would show the Archbishop, bishops and priests that they must respect the laws and the institutions of a country-that were the expressions of a free people's will, (Applause.) Anything less than that would be unworthy of their ancestry and of their traditions. He would leave it to others to quiver before the episcopal thunderbolts, and would proceed to deal with some of the salient points of the Pastoral in the natural order in which they stood. The first charge of Arch- bishop Vaughan against their Public School eystem was that it was secular-that it was Godless; and secondly, that it could not therefore be an adequate education for the conscience, the heart, and the will of the young. The statements to this effect, in the first Pastoral, were characterized by reckless extravagance, and were a gross perversion of the truth. (Applause), His answer to bold affirmation was an equally bold and flat denial. (Cheers.) But since affirmation in the one cose could not be met by affirmation in the other, he would revert at once to the shortfi the simple, the conclusive method of proof furnished by the examination of class books in use in their scjfools. When the Bishops made that state- ment they must have presumed largely upon the public credulity, if they imagined that it would pass unchallenged ; for when he turned to the books themselves he found that the whole realm of duty was covered by the lessons that these books contained. They taught the sacredness of truth and the shame of falsehood ; they taught the blessedness of righteousness and the evil of wrongdoing; they taught the sweetness of affection and gentleness and mutual help, and the evils that followed from the , neglect of these qualities; they taught the duty of obedience, and the penalties that followed from disobedience ; in one word they placed before the mind of the young all the qualities that would give grace to youth and honor to riper years, and which, if but accepted as the laws and models of life, could not fail of the best possible results. And then if they passed from the teaching of these moral truths to the great facts and doctrines of religion, here again the evidence of the books most conclus- ively proved that the system was far from being the Godless thing which it was so strongly represented to be. If the Bible was not in use in schools as a text book, the selections from the Bible covered the widest range, and dealt with the most essential truths. (Hear, hear). They gave the story of the creation, the record of the fall, the tragedy of the deluge, the faith of Abraham, the his- tory of God's ancient people; they gave the sublimest strains of the Psalmist, the strong clear statement of the evangelists, and the doctrines of the Apostles. They gave the life of Jesus and his death, His resurrection and ascension, and His mediatorial reign ; they gave them that short epitome of Church history found in the Acts of the Apostles : in a word, all that was sad in human sin, all that was precious in Divine grace, all that was glorious in the Divine covenont-all was there without note or comment- there in the words of that grand old Book, which they had living evi- dence was a perfect means of converting the soul. He would read a brief extract from the introduction to the book, from which they would be able to gather the character of the teaching contained in them : The plan pursued in this compilation has been to take the historical narrative of Scripture as the foundation, and to at tnoh to it other portions of Scripture relating to the narrative, either from the Old or New Testament. Thus, after the narra- tive of tho Creation, extracts from the book of Psalms, refer- ring to the Creation, have been introduced; and after the narrative of the Deluge there have been imerted those com- ments on that event which are to be found in the New Testament. This method seems to be calculated at once to tench the use of tile sacred history, to fix much of morai and religious instruction on the heart, by associating with it a recital of most interesting facts. The translation has been made by a comparison of the Authorised and Douay versions with the original The language, sometimes of the one, and sometimes of the other, has been adopted, and occasionally deviations have been made from both. On this point the translator feels that he would require more indulgence than is likely to be granted to him ; but he was compelled by the exigency of the case to undertake the task ; he has done his best to execute it with fidelity, and has been constantly under the eye of persons perfectly competent to corrcot any errors into which he might inadvertently fall. This he avers, that he has not been influenced in his rendering of any passage by re fcrence to any peculiar religious views A few notes, chiefly explanatory mid practical, have been added. The present volume is one of a scries, which it is proposed sholl be compiled on similar principles. It brings down the history to the settlement for a time of the Israelites in Egypt, and the death of Joseph. The next number, it is intended, shall be drawn from tho New Testament The Commissioners offer theße extracts from Scripture to the careful attention of teachers and children, not only as truth, but as truth recorded under the influence of inspiration ; and truth with which it is ot the utmost importance for them to be well acquainted. And to the religious instructors of the childrea they cheerfully leave, in communicating that instruction, the use of the sacred volume itself, as containing those doctrines and precepts, a knowledge of which must lie at the foundation of all true religion. "The law of the Lord la unspotted, con- verting souls; the testimony of the Lord is faithful, giving wisdom to little ones," In face of these extracts what became of the gross charges of the Bishops It broke down bj' ita own weakness, and w is a mendacious libel, for which-they might fairly demand retraction and apology (Applause); and to the hierurchs who had uttered it, we hand it back, and we say, gentlemen, you stand convicted as utterers of base coin-(Hear, hear)-coin which had been tried with the test of simple truth, and been found to be worthless-only Vatican brass in the place of genuine gold. (Applause*) But if the charge were disproved by « these quotations from the books, it was still more i( "conclusively disproved when they calle! attention to the tact of that provision which wns made under the Act, for dogmatic religious instruction by the authorised representatives of the vaiioue reli- gious denominations. Now we might fnirly plead thnt the absence of any dogmatic teaching from the curriculum of Pub ic schools in n mixed community such as ours, was a necessity c f the case, and we might also plead that if the Bible wns not in nur schools, it was not tho rault of the Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, or of his friend the Rev. Mr. Hills. All Protestant denominations could agree topiit the Bible in the Public schools SB a text bookjttîr the teachers, It was to the opposition of » the Church of Rome that was due the fact that the Bible was not in the schools. Tho State virtually said to the pe jple of this colony, we cannot teach dogma, but we commit ourselves to the education of the children who are to be the future citizens of this land, with the help of such broad, moral and religious truths as may be said to belong to any religion that is Christian, and providing a means by which the various denominations might instruct their children in their own way. Could anything be fairer than that? Could anything be open to less civil than that ? Could anything be further removed from GodlessnesB than that ? Could any man propose a system, under the circumstances of the case more equit- able in its Adjustment to our position-giving justice to every sect, and guarding the conscience of every child ! It took care that the conscience of no child should bo violated, not even the conscience of a pauper child ; and yet these mitred traducers mode the air ving with the cry that the system of education was Becular, godless, and reprobate. If this were trae, it would appear as if it were indeed the duty of these lordly spirits to come down from their higti places, and with the aid of the piiests, endeavour to save the country from the dreadful catastrophe pre- dicted ; but that did not suit. The soreness was that in this system the Roman Citholic Church was placed on an equality with all others. If they could only secure the vantage ground of Government subsidy, they would leave the foul morass of secularism, infi- delity, and indifferentism to do its deadly work, and send out as much evil as the plagues of Egypt (hew), and not complain in the least, (Applause.) It was utterly unseeml v and outrageous that such a calumny should be perpetrated, for he took it that the deve- lopment ol our Public Schools eystúm was a result of which we had no re'ason to feel ashamed ; it em- bodied the greatest thought of those who had the task of making our laws, and it had been accom- panied by a magnificence of endowment that was creditable in the highest degree. It had scattered throughout the far interior the advantages of education, with wonderful solicitude for the young. It bad called into play a system of teaching and in- spection that gave the best po-sible results; and to crown all it invited the difforent representatives of religion to join hand in hand to gire education its crowning blessing. And, though foul epithets had been flung at it, they would be nothing more than the mist of a passing squall, and when the storm was over the Public School system of the colony would be seen like some noblo pile firmly rooted on a rock, because it had been built up in the esteem of a community who bad lived to learn and appreciate its value. (Applause.) Then «gain the Archbishop had condemned the system by the allegation that it was vicious in its results. It was really a moat severe strain on one's self-control for one of a warm temper like himself to read these words of the Arch- bishop's. (Laughter.) We hear that our Public schools, which we prize so highly, were the seedplots of immorality and infidelity, and would corrupt the individual lives of the future citizens. Whatever the Pastoral was weak in, it was not weak in its statements, but there was not much logic or argument in it. The evidence by which these statements were to be proved did not appear to have occupied the Episcopal mind at all, and the holy fathers appeared to have been equally careless with regard to arguments also. The fact was that if one looked at the charitable side of it he must come to the conclusion thnt they had been accustomed so long to be blindly obeyed, and to have all that they stated received with such meek and unquestioning submission of their people, that they had miscalcula tod their position when they thought that the lesa docile Protestants would stand by and not demand proof oi the assertions. It was difficult to meet the assertion that was made that the children who were brought up in our Public Schools were in strange contrast with the children who were edu cated in the schools of the Church-that they were immoral, that they were wanting in gentleness and respect for religion, and that they had no respect for prayer or the sacraments-in other words, those wild and untutored children were looked upon with the greatest misgiving by the clergy. If he had a num- ber of Roman Catholic children empanelled on one side of the building, and a number of Public school children on the other, he might say look on this pic- ture and then on that. But he ventured to say that he would not outstep the bounds of truth when be said that, in the judgment of by far the larger portion of all other sections of the community, except the Roman Catholics, such statements were gross slenders that carried their own refutations with them. (Ap- plause,) Was it reasonable to suppose.that the thousands of Roman Catholic parents who sent their children to the Public Schools would be parties to such degradation as had been alleged of their children in faith and morals, or that they would stand quietly by and mark the effects of a blight that was falling on our educational system, without pounding an alarm ? Could we by any process of logie come to the conclusion that the system was as dark as it was painted ? Surely there was no heresy in the multiplication table, and no ghost of an alien creed in the English Grammar-(laughter) -no peril to the Romish faith in the headlines of a copy book ! No treachery to Rome in the three Ra. It was enough to take their breath nway to be told that this goodly trre was producing fruit so rank and foul. He might answer this in his own way, but he would let that pass. He would say to the reverend fattie» that it appeared to him they had bean draw- ing a fancy sketch, and had put too much colour into ona picture nnd too much shadow into the other. (Applause) In passing he might any that on his travels he had seen some of these Catholic lambs, who had oreathed a Catholic atmosphere, been fed on Catholic pastures, been eared for by Catholic shepherds, and inspired by Catholic in- stincts ; and he found that many of them were as rough as goats and by no means like contle sheep (applaust)nndlaughter);andintimesof Parliamentary elections and political excitement, as fierce as wolves. (Laughter). But the pastoral was not yet exhausted. There was another allegation against the Public schools system. They were told that schools were built with Catholic money which the Catholics could not use. This was said to be so gelling to every feeling of fair play that it must be protested against and put a stop to. The Government drew the revenue from them «B citizens, not according to their religion, and disbursed it for tbe good of tho commonwfalth upon broad principles of public justice. There was a direction in which the Church of Rome did get more than her fair share of the State money. It received for her paupers and criminals more than was fairly due by the law of proportion, and yet the Bishops were fond of the rule of three when it suited them. (Laughter,').S For the support of her paupers, and felons,.and orphans, the Church of Rome drew very heavily in pro- portion to what she contributed. He would ask them to note the figures, and they would find that the facts were in strange contrast with the statements made. The Bishops had groaned about injustice. Let them consider the fact that last year the Church of Rome received, as a subsidy for Denominational education, £16,909 16s 6d, and that all the other denominations, exclusive of the Church of England, received something less than £3000. All he oould say was that the notions of justice enter- tained by the hierarchy were slightly peculiar. (Laughter.) But the Bishops said that the Catholics could nut use the Public Schools, they were so gall- ing and oppressive, On the rolls of our Public ¡schools there were 13 350 Roman Catholic children, and on the roll of certified Denominational Roman Catholic Schools there were 9704. Last year the Council of Education received 179 applications for new public schools. The parties making them were represented by 2118 parents and guardians who had promised to send their children to the schools, and this number included Gd5 Roman Catholics, The children pledged to attend these schools when opened numbered 6401 of all denominations, and of these 1989 were Roman Catholics. Yet it was said they coal', not use the Public schools. He would take the Bishops one step further. If they took in the districts in which these applications were made, they had 7343 children of school age, of which number 2224 were Roman Catholics ; and out of those 2224 Roman Catholics 1989 were pledged to attend the Public schools. And yet the conscience of the Ca- tholics was opposed to the Public school system P (Laughter). In the f nee of these facts, what became of the strong statements of the Pastoral? Their valuo fofled away like the baseless fabric of a dream, Who had heard di the groans of an oppressed con- science, or of the\purmu>ing of" a people ground down by a presaure\they were unstfle to bear, until this document was manufactured hythe conclavi and put forward as a decree of the Church of Rome P The Roman Catholics had availed themselves of the State machinery to have their children educated, and had never had a suspicion that they were participa- tors in wrongdoing. Now they were told, and the Government was told, and the country was told, that the Catholics had bu.en stooping to drink at a foul stream, and the decree had Lone forth that those who would not drink of the wafers of education which was carried through Reman aqueducts, stored in Roman reservoirs, and,-eerved with Roman hands, should be treated as heathens while they lived, and wh6n theyvdiqd were told at the last they would go to the depths of that perdition which Rome declared was the destiny of all who disobeyed her mandates. This was the gracious mother who longed to presa to her yearning heart her erring children. It waa a picture drawn, not hy her enemieB, but by her own sons and leaders, who had held up the picture for all to look at it. He had looked at it again and again, and he said it was a very ugly picture, having a face of brssB, a voice of thunder, aüd a heart of steel, and which cursed with direst maledictions all who dared to think for themselves Thean were not the words of enemies, but the thunders of the prelates. It was th* last exhibition the colony had seen. If thev had mtjde such stateuii»! ts they would have been charged with falsehood But now th«j had the statements of ¿he Bishops themselves Whether Roman Catho- lic} would or would not resist this Pastoral, that to hi* miHd had done so much to damage their interests, it was not for him to say. It was not for him to Bay whether thev would bend down to the joke which waisought to be placed upon tbeir shoulders, But hejwould say that tfie community generally would no1 stand timely by and see this outrage perpetra- ted on the rights of freemen (Cheers ) In the face of this great svstem so mighty in its claims, so imnenous and intolerant in its demands, which threw into their laidst the torch of discord in the name ot religion, und struck at their rlK(ts, they must siuk min r diffurencs as their fnthjers did in the brave di>s ot old. They mast stand up and declare that the independence of Iheir politics] institutions should not be tam- pered with, and tbit thoy would value as a bles- sing beyond all price the religious lineitj which the bloójd and sufferings of their fathers had secured for theil and trans nit them to their children for oil tim! They were told that the grand pinacea for alllhese evils was that they must instil into the mints of the young Catholic children Romish teach- ing* Now, as an insight into that teaching, he would reaolan extract from the teaching of the founder ot the tesuits, that Or^er we had been threatened with by tie Archbishop - Ihlt we may in all things attain the truth, that we may not air in an>thing we ought ever to hold it a fixed prlnoiple that »hat I see white I believe to be blaok if the Hierarchical Chuall deem it to be so Hera was anotber extract - Qulstion Of what use is the sign of the holy cross » An swirl To destroy all sorts of sorcery and to dru e away the devilj ghosts and all temptations Q Is it allowable to toke one slvagofl, or anything else due to ii« in a secret clandestine manner A He who would act safely in this must ask his priestt Q Is it a sin not to pay tithesa A "1 es it is a great Bin Ç How docs the church punish the non payment of tithes r A She commands that such as do not pay shall be excontnunioated and not re torcd until they have repaid all Q Vlhnt if they were wicked priests who would get the tithes 1 A Honour is still due to them, for they remain Vicarsfcf God ( Archbishop Vaughan had told them in one of his pastorals that, notwithstanding the Prote'tantiem of England, it was a great true, and noble nation, and he knew not what, and that that was the conse- quence of her having lam m the blessed bath of the i oman Catholic faith more than one thousand j ears, the virtues of which had been transmitted to our time He also told them that the liberalism in Italy during the last ten years or so had been sufficient to largely affect the religious te=ching and faith of the people. The blessed bath which was so strong m one case in Italy loses us virtue in a short time He would read two or three statements to show the state of education ii Italy - n In the old provinces of Lombardy there is a school or every 621 inhabitants and the total number of scholars is at the rate of one pupil for every IS of the population In the central region-the Morsches Umbrin, Emilia and Tuscany- there is a school for every 1407 of the inhabitants and one scholar for every 43 of the population In the provinces of Naples and Sicily there is but one school for e\ ery 24S* persons and Lut one scholar for,every 73 of the population Tims it appears from the tobWs of Signor Mntteucci, ex .Minister of Education that ot erofy thousand males in the old provinces and horn bardy ¡¡39 ¡Jvere more or less able to read, and 4G1 did not know their letters. Of every thousand females 42G could read and 674 aould nat That is to sa), about one holt the population waa aSte to find Bul what wfls.it nearer to Rome-that city of which Ardfibiébop Vaughan said that Rome, under the Popes, was a m 'del city, and the evils had crept in through liberalism : But nearer to Home-in Emilia Tuscany and Marsches and Umbria-of every thousand males those who could read were only 3"9 leaving 641 who could not, of every thousand females 750 were unable to read so that in those provinces a little over one fourth only of the population could read In Naples and Sicily-where the reign of the priests was most un- restricted-those who could not read were-of every thousand males 83S , of every thousand females 13B In other words in the Neapolitan province iu every hundred of the population ten only were nble to read This was the outcome of snch teaching under the very nose of the Pope (Laughter ) Chey found tnat in a country which contained above 120,000 ecclesiastics 90 per cent of the population were unable to read Master Fitzgibbon'a testimony was as follows - After the publication of my book on Ireland, in 1801, my nttention was called to some school histories written by Jesuits lor the use of children in ltoman Cat liollc schools, and I added a chapter to the second edition of my book In which I com- mented on the perversion and falsification of history In those books on one of which Archbishop Whateleys comment was, tbat nothing could exceed the unblushing audacity of its false hoods except the atrocity of its principles and that ' the per version of its morals is still worse than its perversion of facts Another statement was read which was read by M. Jules Ferry in the senate house of Paris, describing the condition of the people of England, While \i Ferry was reading it, the President's attention was ctlled to the fact that there were ladies present, beciu=e the extract was so foul as to be be unfit to be heard b> women Here is Bn extracr from Mr Gladstone, speaking of Italy when the Pope was kiug - It was a land of misrule, in which he had seen perjury-the daughter of fraud the mother of cruelty and vice-stalk abroad under the sanction of its Government A country where, by mean0 of a philosophical cateohism for the use of Primary schools there were taught under the veil of religion principles at once false, base and demoralising and where there was show» a real resolution to preoccupy all minds in the time of their tender and waxen youth and before the capacity of thought, with those principles Of this teaching for Primary schools Mr Gladstone records his deliberate judgment, that no more cun- ning plot was ever devised-at least by man against the freedom, happiness, and virtue of man- kind. After reading one or two other extracts, the lecturer proceeded He came now to the mnnner in which the bishops would a ekto correct these wrongs First, by the coercioti of the parents. He would not tax their patient by reading the Pastoral, but simply say tbjit p »rents were commanded by tbe document to/root out their children from the Public schools, or ¿io lay themselves open to the ban of excommunication, and tbe Church was to be the sole judge of every case. Such invasion of the sacred rights of thto parent, and of the holy domains of nome ought to recpive the stoutest resistance. To the parent God had given the duty oc training the child-caring for the body, the intellect and the heart. His parent stood in the position of God's delegate-to culture his child's intellect, and guide his moral nature, so that he would be qualified to do his proper work in the world There was no ground for interference with the parent unless there were neglect of duty on his part. But this was not the case with the Pastoral The child was not neglected. He was cared for. The education was the best applicable , Bishops and priests were not cut off. The gates were open »nd the words used were-" Pass in gentlemen, pass in." Yet overy child wis to be roo ed out, or if they remained in he would be cut off from grace in this world and glory in the next. Sometimes he thought if he were » cartoonist what a picture he could draw that would be laughable and at the same time sad. If they could see this thing dramatised they would see tho Archbishop of St Mary's in his glorious robes, the urbane James of Maitland, the stern, relentless Mat- thew of Bathurst, and the obscure Wil- liam of Goulburn, each with a mitre on his head,and a large ecclesiastical stockwhip in his hand -(laughter)-the> would see deans, archdeacons, and priests behind them, running here and there, all inspired by the same spirit, all labouring for one end, all inflamed with the like zeal, rounding up their indolent, wicked, way watd sh"ep-f aughter)-driving out everv Ro- man Catholic lamb from the Bcabby Public Schools-(laughter)-enclosing them in Roman Catholic hurdles, and drafting them to Roman Catholic stattms. (Applause) In translating it into facts they would see be had over- stated nothing Let thom look at the long whip of the Pastoral with the lash of excommunication at its end, let them remember how the crack of that whip had been heard in the metropolis, and its echo heard in every remote part of the country wbeie a priest was stationed, now heard in the con- fessional, now at the altar, now at the rites of confirmation, seeking to coerce the judg- ment and break down the righteous authority of the parent. It was a movement so gigantic, so fnr re*ebing, that the destinies of eternity hung on its voice. It had convulsed the lgmdwith astonishment and indignation. He was not so sure, despite the cracking, that the Bishops wire going to have it all their own waj. He had heard of B shoemaker m Sydney, whose children wera attending the Public School, receiving a visit from the priest and guesB ing his mission, he said to him, " Now, if you bave come to talk about my soul's|nterests you are wel- come, but ir you have conte to talk to me about dm rag my children ont If the Public school, there's the door for ye." J (Laughter and ap- plause ) He had heard or another case. A lit- tle fellow who attended the Port-street school remained away, butt afterwards returned. The teacher asked him if he lad net been removed because of the pastoral, and he replied yes. " Well," said the teacher '. why have you como back." The boy replied that " hie teacher WAS a Catholic and had not been withdrawn, aid his father said if it waB no harm for the teacher toS go, it was no harm for him. Another case was that of a keen-witted Irish woman, who had to keep h« children away two or three days and fearing itlmight be thought that they had been withdraw! called and auid to the teacher " I carne to tel you that though my children are not hure they vail be here." She told the teacher she had told the priest that it seemed to her the clergy were making out that the religion of their children was like bad paint if contact with other children would rub it all off. Another point was that the pastoral coerced the voters. It delighted to speak in incongruities and contradictions, At the commencement it stated that with politics RB such, the bishops had no di-sire to meddle. (Laugh- ter,) Ho thought that when framing lhat sentence the bishops must have looked at each ojher, and yet, in the face of that, they wrote afterwards, " Let CatholicB rouse themselves up to agente of their res- ponsibilities; let tbeta bring leeftimate pressure to bear in the right quarter [we kmpw what that is] ¡ and never coase in theiB perseyeriSg, their organized importunity, until they^havejybtamed those rights which no man can return Tjeifa wttheut refusing even-handed justice." The who^ history of the Roman Catholic Church, the world ever, proved that they dabbled in politics -it was a great political machine. With regard to appearances in this land, he had lived here twenty-five years, and he could make an affidavit that the Bishops and priests were not not so far fuitbless to the teaching of the Church as to be guiltless of pulling their hands into politics. They (the Protestants) had to fight hard and steadily or they would have been left out in the cold. Tliey had thrust men into their Borough Councils. He had seen men at the bidding of their ad- visers go like a flock of sheep, and vote for a candi- date not on the broad ground of general fitness for legislative work, but on the narrow question of doing good for, or preventing it being done, to " Mother Church." He had seen this till he thought the fran- chise was degraded. Ile said it was a prostitution of political power, and he began to doubt as to the merits of manhood suffrage. They wBre told, in the name of " Mother Church," and for the glory of God, that they must take part in tho fight. Was this clarion blast of a foreign power to place their liberty in peril P The pastoral meant a degradation of the franchise. It meant a violation of the sacredness of the ballot. It meant death to the voters, and degra- dation to their institutions. If this custom became common Parliament would be a legal fiction, and under a form of responsible government they would sink down into degradationrjind Bhame. He regarded political power as an en patriotically cherish. Foi munity, and in loyalty t |ine which they should the welfare of the com i the State, they should guard it wherever estab tshed. If they did not maintain liberty of speech and action they would be handing ovei ing over the institution: power which had degrade to the Bishops, and through them to the Pi be the power of elect- ing members to Parliame ft, They would be hand of this fair land to a the institutions of every land wherever it lind t e power, and who had blighted and desolated soi io of the fairest ceuntries of the globe. England's greatest dramatist had written B sentiment whichjiiirred them up whenever read:-"This England newer did and never shall bow down under the foot ot any conqueror. Nothing can make her rub it to hereelf she proves but true," Let them apráv-thot sentence to this Britain of the south. Thaigh it waa well to discuss this question in public, nfc in Synods and Church associations, after all it w the Parliament of the comSry. They would have to meet it at the ballot bcx.I They should put these test questions-"Are youlfor Pope or Parliament" (opplauso) - " Rome or Australia ?"- (continued ap- plause.) They must meet'at the ballot box and de- feat the nefarious designs hi these priestly conspira- tors. ("Applause.) If tpere were any members of Parliament there bp would say to them tbey must see to it; that in that Supreme Court of the nation, the Parliament, the watchword should be " Justice for allji and preferential legisla- tion for none." (Cheeta) And if they thus stood together, and worktd together, and fought together for the sanctity of their hearths, the integrity of their institutions, the sacredness of religion, the freedom ofipolitics which was their best birthright, victory wtuld crown their union, and they would save the country from the shadow of a great disgrace, and a great peril. (Applause.) He urged that any State provision for education should go in the direction ofjthe Public schools, and thatno more Denominntionaltechoolsshould be estab- lished. (Applause.) Theyfi should BISO jealously guard against any reduction of the religious ele- ment in the Public school system. If they would be true to the system they should assert that they would have a mental, moral and religious culture, which should meet the want of the whole, and in which they could all grow uplogether. They would thus make this country the worthy daughter of a noble mother, and a great, glorious, and free country. The lecturer resumed his seat amidst continued applause. A hymn was sung, during which a collection waa made to defray the expenses of the lecture. The Rev. JAMES BENVIK moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer for the excellent lecture they had just listened to. If their Roman Catholic friends com- plained of this controversy, they had only themselves to blame. The Bishops had taken upon themselves to agitate this question, and they were the promoters of the controversy. They sometimes heard people say: What is the use of all this talk about religion; why can you not be 'charitable and let each other alone. But theïRomin Catholic Bishops would not let them alona. If they thought they could issue their Pastor^lsVnd the Protestants would tay nothing about(ir,.Atiey were much mis- taken. They alone are responsible, and if they had not already discovered, they would before long, that they had made a great mistake. They could not have conúdered the matter, from their very assurance in taking for granted what the people of this colony would never grant. Some people thought there wns real danger of their succeeding, but as for himself he had been very quiet, and very calm. It waB all perfect nonsense. The Bishops did not know the colonies at all, and tbey would find this out by and by. The question required a calm considera- tion. It was a political question ; but it was a semi religiouB question, and it could not be discussed without reterring to the church of Rime. It seemed to him that the time had come when Denomination alism must cease. When he read the first pastoral he said the knell of Denominationaliem had been rung. He did not say whether it was right or wrong. He might at some future period give tbein his opinion, The discuBsion of the question was only just begun. The battle would be fought in sharp discussions, controversies, and at the ballot box, The only Protestant community that at all aympatbised with Koine w>is that of the Episcopal Church of the colony. What he meant was that-in the Synod men took a certain standpoint. Ttus was partly to be expected. But whatever the MisKsters of the Church of England might say in th'eir\Synod, if told to go to the poll and vote io, nteAaia way, the mem- bers would not, He was sure the members of the Church of England in their own minds bad sealed the doom of denominationalism. The Public school system must be the system of the colony. The Church of Rome declares that the present Public school system favours infidelity and irreligion, and he did not know what. It appeared to him, that if the cause of the increase of infidelity could be laid at one door more than another, the cause would be found in the Church of Rome. He did not say that it was the case. But suppose trimming Protestants to please Roninn Catholics should eliminate the religious ele from the school system, would they not find that the Church'of Rome was the aider and abettor to some extent of the cause of infidelity. Some of them would even do that to please the Roman Catholics. He would be exceedingly sorry if it was done. He trusted that their common sense and their love of religion would induce them''to stand up for the religious element in the Public!! school system of the colony. He proposed the vote)' of thanks. Mr. W. BRIGGS seconded th| motion. The motion wes carried «ith acclamation, the audience standing at the call Dr. KKLYNACK, in acknowledging the vote of thanks, said the best endorsement they could give to bis utterances would be to wfcrk them out, In the words of the Pastoral, " lo brjhg their legitimate in- fluence to bear in the proper auarter." (Applouse.) On the motion of the Rev. W. E. BOOTINE, seconded by Dr. KELTNAOK, Ja vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and ditly acknowledged, The proceedings were closed by a portion of the National Anthem being sung, . » - Tho body of a mau unknown has been found in a Halifax cellar partly catea by jauggots. 