BLACKTOW- CFrom our correspondent.) Blaoktown or North: Phospeot.— Twelve months ago, I drew attention to the nnsuitableness and inaccuracy of the name Blacktown for this dirtrict. As I pointed out then Blaoktown'proper lies further west, and is out of the limits of this parish. According to tho map, the Blaoktown Railway Station and its vicinity owrnpy the north-western portion of the parish of Prospect, hence it follows that the most appropriate'name by which to designate this locality would be North Prospect. Since I wrote upon this subject last I have heard it mentioned a hundred'times, at least, both by residents and visitors, that the present name is objectionable. If all are agreed upon that point, as they seem to be, nothing is easier than to take action at once. Let a meeting of the residents be called some afternoon. Let it be moved, seconded, and carried that the name be changed. Then select a name, and finish the business out of hand, The Railway Department has been a prolific source of new names lately, and why not petition the Minister for Works to alter the name of the Railway Station from Blacktown to —say North Prospect ? • Spectral.—We don't go in for ghosts in our section, thatiB to say we have not got a specimen on view. Our neighbours, the " Rootyhillites," are more advanced. A case of death, froui exposure in the bush, some time ago, furnished- them with grounds for raising one, and they have done it accordingly. Messrs. John Tyerman, Walker, Bowie Wilson, and others, who believe in apparitions, waving hands, mystic tappings, and other spirit fixings, could liave an' out-and-out spirit seance by visiting this favoured spot; for, upon the veracious testimony of two scared eye-witnesses, their souls were " harrowed up" and " each particular hair stood up like quills upon the fretful porcupine," as, horror-struck, they saw the ghost of the well- remembered departed gliding along the road. The magnetism of fear attracted them along the wake of the apparition, until they saw it safely housed. This chronicler does not feel assured in relating the inscrutable utterances attributed to the phantom; but it is quite open for interested spiritists to investigate the phenomenon, especially as it is possible for them to secure two mediums on the spot. A. Grave Joke.—Th6 'nhabitants of Blacktown and other parts of the district were considerably jjerturbed on Sunday morning last by a report brought by some of the passengers from Parramatta, in the late train on Saturday night, to the. effect that an • old oiid well-respeoted resident of Pros r pect had suddenly dropped dead while performing some feat of strength for a wager. It may afford some ghastly satisfaction to the originator of the report to learn that several neighbours iu the district ploughed their way througli the mud to Prospect, to offer .their cotldolences, and to find the affair a hoax; but I, for my part, would rather be the victim than the perpetrator of such a questionable spec es of jo' e. Indeed, I would not feel sure whether! should not be amenable to the lUTsnf Ivundertook such a piece of . double-refined larrikinism. Ajpart, however, from the legal probabilities of "the tmse, there is ' one consideration tliat dioul'd restrain people from giving rise to,such reports. ' namely, tbe effeot of such news suddenly imparted to the near iriends and relatives of the victim. Women affected with ; heart: disease (a common r case) have been known to fall dead-frcim the shock of such news. I am sure that every onei wil} tigtee mcli nie in saying ih&t.such; mischievous freaks ehould be strongly discountenanced. I may add that the report emanated froui the fertile brain of a celebrated Parramatta jokist, well known about tewfi. .,V 