;;: TITRITANA: ?; , ' f" ' [BX SAUSIBBBII.] IT was noarlyaoven o'clock on 8atm rday mom - ing bofore tho first of tho rags showed at Eagle Farm, :and<in; the meantime a small knot of would-be spectators . .had gathered, mho cooled their hoels jai thojdewy; grass,<( yarning " oror old timos, old hordes, old raoos, and, in general,' that history appertaining to.turfy loro£ which, with the st^gert" is nearly alwaysafcom paoied by; some stirring reminisconc6whoro with to electrify tho " groenhorn " of tho time beincr. * And, for La, good' ,"spin,'; . you could not pitch M upon . a 'botter-man than. \ tho well-known owner, of Napper Tandy, whose rcoolleotions occasionally flaah from him with a racy- humour! which at once fastens tho attention of his listeners, and keeps them well.amusod/until there i^somo thing, moro to the purpose to break in on the uninterrupted, and, I inay almost say un interruptible, flow of his ano-dotes. I might, Mr. Kditor, give you such a dose of thc-so that you yourself would forswear the horrible dark collar in which, I believe, you are usually confined, and for. tho nonoo venture into tho light of day, and . with mo, in well ; appointed buggy, and with tho fust" mare botwixt >tho shafts,; bravo tho cutting wind . of tho earlior. dawn, and whiBtlo to keep yourself warm as you spin along the road to tho Hamilton.' Thero .miuo host of .that namo awaits you;. * Thero shall you partake of swoetost milkand."vatted" rum, and lis,you poremvo by; tho grey- dim light of. tlio morning, now. slowly otruggliug upwards, tho ghost-like apparition of » horse in clothing silently stealing past tho hostelry, you shall liavo a wbilf of tho most . fragrant, tobacco that over houri ohoso for tho dolootation of^ mankind, and again sally forth. In good faith, Mr. Kditor, you would like it, und, with a heart'lighter.than a . iJlO iioto' ih a yacuum, you would onco'more climb to your seat and bo conreyed "to tho convincing ground, best Known da the racecourse.' Probably, my dear Sir, youvnll be first to arrive, and, after/a1 moment's'delay, in" you go,; a " sniff" of hot o»ffea g'reoting you as'the portals fall back on either Bide' .to allow of .your entrance. And how, sir, having once taken you in tow, and safely bestowed you in a warm neat in tho Grand' Stand-7for. tho sun will be up directly and" thaw tho jfrozen marrow in your bones .I will betake. ijiyself to the interesting study of horseflesh in the. course of its preparation, and' leave you to think out at your leisure political prohloma and those other affairs of ; journalistic life .'which t constitute your worry and other people's gratification. , But perhaps you would liko to. " sling " your-,;problems:, for; ,a moment. , Well, then, up you get from tho deep folds of; your Ulster and come down to the paddoek., .By tbia time, 7'o'block, and we have been here', ail honrand more) some of the horses in train* ' in; are on the spot. ; Ah! there's old Standard, fresh' as a lark and sound as a bell, 'though ha haa seen moro than a dozen rammers, and has jumped more;, fences in his'timo ' than' snv '"other lioriio : almost in Australia; and George Harris gots the necessary log up," 'and Standard goes*out into" the course and 'kirns at it with ajf much determination-for two miles at'a strong paoe,|wh'en he is pulled up, as' if ha had BCMC6ly\doae more than a'canter, though ho rantho last half mile insixty seconds 'ontfido the hurdles-no slow- going as thiags' are. Then came,The Earl, quiet as il&mb;, with Paddy Dowlingto steer him and keephim in or der for this aristocratio gentleman would take fid-r ] vantage of a stranger in a minnto, as indeed he did of Gregory; his'trainer, the other day, when'! he managed to kickhitnon tho kneej and ltft the too-well defined stamp" of -theBhoo thoro. In another^mihutt) Xfarlde joiMTho Earl, and after the,former has cantered once round, atlt they go for|a mile, of which Tho Earl ofcouraa had a bit i thobesi at tho'flniahj for'Darkio h'adover 10- st.'! on his back;- nInto: the -mysterios"of:,'<ihiee:| .scrape," and the after drying process, with its accompaniments cf {,'Now ' then,'" " Get "up;'J you brute," '&c.Vft;''.V I- won't .drag you, Mr. Editor."" We 'will; look at the next comer.. It ?is . the Bake, ? witt . the ' ' ominous'-' rattle" In his inaldo';lie';ilways ' seems .-to ' haVo whenerSr' he Igets Wit <>f*8i:walky:ind with his crooked" neck which -will distinguish him' -for ever ? among- his compcera.TBnt-he: only-rantera, .and doeB Blow work^ and is followed by Wood lands who goes arisinngT thles^IfcUea-and Zarico who does three miles also. And next iWe have Napp8rtlTapdy, a xaoehorsff all ,ovor.. but' an..indifferent,.performeri',"Kipper giv&'r a heaTG or two when, mounted, ai.il to Bee wha.. tho; bijr jon^hia baok'l, js like,, and then does two imes.^?,.^^bbya^.^g,MaWa to. get. him alpug,' for he is la^ sometimes, as the best of ua. aro, ,,and. doean't' caro to go. Before Happ'es, dryi' Queen .Eliraljeth rieara the course/ and! as if ;{a sho^w' Bja'* wilfulness of her descent"j>lays about .before ^passing .down the' alley .which:/leada'-.ljp' the, track.^'8h'e goes ?better1.tbaa'a,mile;'and'SW:eaUra,.go(^"deal on xoniing.'jn,!aiid',JthiB ends .the, work. Ageing .Mr. Editor^ we climV toto., tho.''Buggy, and 'ire, off,,- passing the gatekeeper.' dis-l panBihg " ooiloa ^iat the . gateway- though it . would'' Be far "moro to hig ' advantage, if ho did it in the Stand, and then down the avenuo towards tho liver;. and just, as''we :arriro, near j the turn into, tho main road, a pretty; sight greets,oitr. view.'; - Tbprq come the' Grango Blring, headed by Warhawk and Lilla, and their rear Brought up by Whisker.'. They are only going to have a canter, and so we can lea^#'. ihem" till Monday. " Eight' in num ber ar» . theyi and a. better bred, hotter looking,'.and' moro elbsely looked aftor string, could be,found nowhere. A few yardi further and up canters Butler on the," creamy," hale and. hpaytv as ever,"with an; eye to isaoh of his charges in:fr6nt, such as the'fondest of parents ; might bestow. A. nod of recognition and .we: are past, and at the door . of the j Hamilton. Her* w* decide to "rum" it] again,., and . that , OYer, we pause . on the; doorstep,' surveying the placid ' river and: tho splendii blue' of 'bo skV Almost re flected in it, and think that a morning gallop is; after- all, a thing to be .enjoyed outside of horseflesh altogether.. Ero we dopart we.catoh ..Jemmy" Ashworth'screwing his eye,at us or moat probably at.you, Mr. Kditor--and tbea out of tlio door steps the'woU-khowu form of "the winner, of .many Cups "--J ohn Tait. Up right m 'a'dart, koen of.Sight; and unerring i in; judgment * as ever, . thiB fine sportsman secmsv to put'JTather Time at defiance, and ' looks now as if lio could ..stay" foreYor; and I hope ho may. ,Who's thiit neat little fellow with 'sealskin. Waistcoat,',did I'hear yon say f -That's the'Archer of Australia-"Brickey" Colleyi one of tho best of dor jockeys, and as a judgo of paco only seoond to his "mate" Jemmy Ashworth. But it is pastS o'clock, and so with a more than usually cheerful '* Good morning," we will giro tho bay maro her head and rattlo up to town to p.ursuo those loss congonial but moro lucrative aYobations which'constituto tho principal feature of ouif oxitt'ence. ~ After your cxporien'co of Saturday, Mr. Editor, thero wns not muoh difficulty iu rousing you'on Monday morning, and I think you ngain enjoyed yourself- at least to judgo by tho sudden disappearance of a noblo steak and un limited oi;gs about 9 o'clock, you must havo done something you woro proud of somowhere. Quito a crowd, woro about, from Totorana to the young blades, who, in order to bo up in time for tho first gallop, mostly sit up tho night beforo to mako suro of being oalled. Very determined, too, was tho look of ovory thing and ovorybody, iind wo discorned " businoss" im mediately tho Hamilton'light bovo in viow. Tho first thing was a dead horso near the door o£ the hotel which somo amateur horse doctor, I'm told, failed to euro of a oolie, but auoccodud in-well, the horso was doad, anyway, when wo passed thia morning. On tho course thoro was a good deal of auimatiou. Half a dozen buggios and othor vohicles woro visiblo in tho saddling paddock, and aa wo noared tho I littlo knots of admirore of each oquino colobrity, "tho far hum of-multitudes ? natir " took tho shape of commo'ntH of a gonorully commenda tory naturo on tho animals about to work. Venture came first, and was shortly followed by Standard, and then The Earl, who it was said .was going to do a real spin. Ho had Bancroft ,up, and after a steady mile went round again at very nearly his beat, but it was not a good gallop,and certainly was'ntaidedby tho "fleshi ness" at the finish of hisrider, who remiuded me of what Don Quixote might have been like .when he went for the windmill. Duko of Linno, htaded'by Sir Arthur, went a nice gallop, the Dake"corning .in well at tho finish. .His trip to Touwoomba has evidently done him pood, and it looks as if he could do something in tho short races. The Bpin of tho morning was, however, with The Dean and Black Eagle, the latter with much tho heaviest. weight, to judge by appearances. After a mile canter, . thoywenfc on and finished the .next round in X min.; 59 sees.. The Dean being first past the poat. Black Eagle will take a lot of 1* doing" for anything he starts for, and with with-the Dean in the Cap, Mr. Loder seems .to have nearly as good a show as anything after the Toowoomba running. Napper Tandy cantered only. K. C. B. and Strathearn, the latter with plenty of clothes on, went together, K. C. B. picking up:his half- brother in the straight, and they then weht at it from the quarter-mile post. K.C. B. is a very strong puller, bat he seems .'to have grown but &: trifle since he was here before, and -la not by any means' the taking bora® to the eye that Strathearn is. The latter Beems well- and' strong, and .with another gallop or .two in him, will be another of the dangerous ones.iBlaekthorn and Hawthorn went together^ and the former seemed not.quite so right as .prtyiouily, and Hawthorn was more than with him on the last round. * Clarendon cantered, 'but seems a little Btiff. Darkie, big as he is, .and unlikely as lie looks for a dash of foot, can run a Very fast mile. Woodlands and Marma duke'also worked-and now I must once more 'fall baok on you, Mr. Editor, and introduco you to what is familiarly'known as ua soft' thing.". - . .*. ?' It turns out to be. a match. For how much a side l 'oould not positively say, bat something between a five-pound note and a " pony." About £6 would be a good guesa I .believe.; - Tho money, wasn't pat' up. with the; Q. T; 0M as it ought 'to havo been according -> to the rules of the club con* cerning.all matohes run on the course, bat that doesn't .matter.' The competitors were Cornstalk-and "an utter stranger." Nobody knew.hinul 'He'-was a roughisn looking bay,: and' tuned up to- be fresh &om; a mob just overland from-N. S^W.- They started for-2 miles; when one had been fcoverbdthe " utter Stranger " was hopelessly, in the rear. Some* body sang out to him to go on, and he wont on,in flictingau amount of punishmont onthe stranger which:ought to have received- the interference of the inspector.of cruelty to animals, and which would justly have been applied1 to the rider himself. The stranger lost his money, and if he will take a "tip" from me, won't 'make.any more pick-up matches with overland horses his pockets are better filled than his hat. \- : About 8 o'clock Mr. Bell's horses worked. Lilla ' and Clara .came first, the former going once round and then being pioked up by the filly, and rather moro"than a milo'was done at 'a good Bound pace*. Whisker and Elastio repeated this order of work, both going very well, and Whisker's lj'milo was a real good one. Olivia and Skittles were sent together, a good working gallop for tho hist round being the result. Lord CUfdcn and Warhawk finished tho work of this Btable, the latter beinc apparently best man .on this OCCASION, but time will do a lot for the other colt, who is on a large scale, and not so smart on Ins legs as Warhawk. Olivia is a' triflo light, but she is evidently in good heart, and can "spiel" faster than ever.. Tho Derby winner is very well and strong. Alto gether this Cup has so many good ones in it, that it will tako BO mo dreaming to discover the winner. All the owners seem confident, and when that is the case, a good raceis/cer tain to bo the result. , Some very good work was done on Wed* neisday morning on the course. The first to go were Zanco and The. Bake, who went once round fast, and they were followed by Queen Elizabeth, who did very, similar work. Then the Dean and Black Eaglo stripped, and .after a canter, did a fast mile-not top, pace, .but very near it, in 2 mins. 2 sees. After these, K. C. B. and Strathearn went together, run* ning a mile and a half in 3 min^. 2 sees., with medium weights up., Blackthorn and Hawthorn wont lj mile fast in 2 min». 35 sees., and were followed by the Earl, who went slow for a couple of miles, and finished with a sharp half mile in fair time with about 8 st. 7 lbs. on his back. Noxt came Mr. Bell's string, headed by Olivia and Clara, who, after, a short canter, ran a mile together in 1 min. 59 sees. Lilla and Whisker had a bit of a " rough up " and finiihed together in a strong mile and a half in 2 mins. 58 sees.-quite the best gallop of the morning. Lord Clifdon and Warhawk ; went sevon furlongs, finishing with a dead , heat, tho former having all tho heaviest ! weight in tho half-mile, recording 59 sees. Elastic and Skittles made the samo timo for their half-milo. After breakfast Sir. Fiunie's hoMca worked, and Napper Tandy was out, but1 only walking. I On Thursday morning tho first to go j was Sydney, two miles at throe- quarter*epcod, I and ho was followed by Melbourne, who1 did similar work, and looks to bo very dan gerous in tho Cup, in spite of 9 sfc. 5 lbs. The Bako did a capital gallop for a mile and a quarter at top speed, Queen Elizabeth racing him for a mile, and Hauco joining in at tho half-milo i>ost to run him homo. Ho finished better than ho has bofore. Tho Euvl did a steady 2 miles. Standard wont u slow 2 miles and as Warrong has boon knockod about so much, ho will to his owner's solo champion. Clarendon had a rattling gallop for a mile, Darkio koeping him company to tho lmlf-unio post, whou Clarendon was lot out, and came away very rapidly, finishing tho mile in I min. 59!aec8. The I)ean and Black I&gle; were behfc ^ or 2.miles, of which. 1J was fast. Blackthorn and Hawthorn did a strong mile and a quarter, .' . and Marmaduke made the best of his way for a little less. The next pair ?were Whisker arid' Wurhawk, who did medium work, finishing a ' - fast half-mile in 1 inin. 1 sec. The Abbess put-' in an appearance, and rattled along for half a .. mile. Lilla went three miles slow, with body sweaters on. After breakfast K. 0. B. and ; Strathearn were-out, and Mr. Bell's horses ' also. Thero was a goodly number of j eraons . present during the work,- and a'Strong fancy: aewns to have set in for Lilla. Duke of Linnoi has gone,lume, and may bo : a non-starter at - > l tho meeting if it provo as serious as reported. Napper. Tandy has been withdrawn from the . Cup; and unless he shapes better than he.has done so far, w ill probably be scratched for all, engagements. Wo hear also that he is for sale,, and as a good spell is only what be re*,, quires to bring him. to something like his twt>». year-old form, the price askod for himii a* [ remarkable one. The preparations for a ,large ' crowd which are boin'g made by Messrs. SuU" ' ^ livan, Moxley, and others, show thatintho' estimation of those who have had experience of ' y 't "times,"-there should be an unusually largaV; assemblage of people to-day and on Monday.' neit. . > .' . Mr. Tait, with Strathearn and KC.B., ,. arrived in the Yictoiia on Thursday morning. ,» wee*. ' The very early birds . did . not < see much,, for it is net galloping) time-.T till close on 6 o'clock, nnlesB trainers do as they., said of Hermit's trainer in 1867-(whenjhe woO'.r thei English Derby)-that is, gallop'them in a.'0,-^ .railway tunnel so as to keep itdart".: - With! tho more enlightened, however, it is laid down' that there is no use in disturbing a horse's natural rest, and that soon after daybreak/;; is a fair Vme te get a horseont for his gallop.. .We anticipate a large concourse ofpeople at the races themselves, for seldom has there been stiobi j 7 an opportunity of seeing really, good horses,' in what may bo termed. large numbers,'coiring\;' ^ to the post. For all.the principal handicaps' at least six, and probably a dozen, ."will , face ' the'starter, and if what the pnbKc want is A luge fields,' they cannot testify better'ta the excellence'of tho handicaps than' by going to ".:{ 'see them.* 'v. * ^ ;;»-v : . The Iftoths,. privileges, &c.;,~of the,couw - / were.sold on Saturdaytand- realized as follows: \,jj \--Booths, Nos. i and 2, D. Sullivan, £50, and^ v £o-for the Amatuer-,!Day;Nos. 3 and 4,'T."* ~ Moxley, £50 and £5 ; Booth.Site, £20_and£l,-.,, Sohiepland; Old Stand, tolls, .Wright,1 £10 10s.; ( . .and £2; Grand Stand, bars Mid.refreslim'eni- ' room, O'BrionJ £43 and' £7-making a total of .***?* £1734 for the Q. T. O.; aid £20-for the. Q. A.T. O.-, ' : V;' . AT a meeting of the committee ol the Queers* . land« Turf Club held on Tuesday, a very important resolution .was'passed.* It*was the effect that each. membeV in: addition* fo! l. the privileges. hitherto enjoyed. shall"* be ".' entitled to the free' admission of two'jiadiea'. . (with ladies' tickets) at the .outer' gatft:J!r ' The necessity of paying for ladies has always" / been objected to by members, and .now thatit is removed.it is hoped that the roll will be don* . siderubly augmented by what, vrevehtu^'tio ? thintr, is a wise liberality. While treatingf-.of ^ \ matters affecting the fair visitors^ to :EagW*;T *. Farm, we may call their attention to the .fact, r; that backs havo been fixed to the seats on'the^*""' Grand Stand, from which it is clear that their^ comfort is in till respects beingfarranged ior by ' - tho present energetio management of the'Club, .i'' The following are left in the Mares'. Pro; duce Stakes: -Ida, Fanny, Warha^rk, Skittlesj .1 Elastic, Lord Clifden, Game Cock; Clara; The , Barber, Miserrima, and Cyntbfa. The nomin'a- " (ions for the Haiden Plate areBlackthorn, Orphan, Sound; Queen Bee,' Lord Clifden, Elastic, Mabel, and Mario; and for the Johnny - .' Gilpin Stakes-Woodlands, Pilgrim, Ledum,-; Spondulix, Oliver Twist, and Venture.: s. . * Tks Logan and Albert Jockey Club Settling took place at the secretary's office, Beandesert Store on May-14, and was well attended.*- The sum of £186 was paid away,' Mr. Wflliain . Drynan receiving the largest amount, £53. The lato meet has been a decided success in every way. Tho club is'established, and in.the hands of present gentlemen is sure to holdrits annual;; meetings with every .success. The raceoourta.... ^ has beon secured for a term of, years, and. the next meeting will be held next Easter Monday. * . . : 