CELEBRITIES AT HOME, \ (Tho IPbrM.) TIIIS SaiWlUNT-AT-AILMS AT WESTMINSTER. i Tho Sorgcant-at-Arins is chiefly "at homo" in the Houso of Commons. It is doubtful whether strangers in tho gnilery, omitting notico of the important section below the gnpgivny, can, even by straining thoir npeks, catch a glimpse of the arm chair set just outsido tho bar in whioh . through long nights Captain Goaset sits enthroned. But there aro epochs in tlm business of tlio ovoning when thoy aro priviloged to bohold, advAuoing up tho floor, a portly gontloman whoso broad shouldors and shapely limbs are well, sot off by tho handsonio Court dross, which, from tune immoinorial, tho Sorgoant- at-Arms has worn iu tho Houso of Commons. Thoy seo him march towards tho tablo with sword In whito scabbard at his side. As ho advances ho thrioe pays oboisanco to tho Chair ; thon, soizing tho heavy inaco with steady grip, ho lifts it on to tho braekots in front or. tho tablo, and bowing low retires, and in the recesses of his ohnir Again dis appears from the gazo of tho stranger iu tho gallery. This is Captain Gossot, Sorjonnt-nt-ArmB, and an indisponsablo portion of tho British Constitution. Somo ono with a taste for statistics should reckon up how many hun dred miles Captain Gosset has paced in per- formaneo of his duty to lift the maco in toketi that the Houso of ConunonB has gono into committao, or that tho Speaker has re sumed tlio chair. It was in 1836 that tho presont holder of tho ancient and honorable offico first entered tho Houso of Commons, Forty-thrco years is a lifetime iu tho case of an individual, a long chapter iti tho history of a nation. Whon young Gosset first outercd tho Houso of Commons as Assistant- Serjeant, under his fathor, Sir William Gosset, thon Serjeant-at-Arms, Parliament was located in a temporary building— "aud a very good ono too," Captain Gosset says— to which it had removed after dostruu- tion of tho older mansion. William IV. was 011 tho throuo ; nnd in February of this year, 1836, tho new official, standing at tlio outskirb of a momorablo throng, heard tho King hiinsolf read his spcoch, tho first in tho Asiistant-Serjonnt's experience, tho last in tho roigu of William IV. Oddly enough, having regard to current ovonts in tho Ilouso, the speech dealt .ohiofly with the affairs of Ireland, which thon, as now, though thon more justly than now, claimed tho right to engross tho attention of tho House of Commons. O'ConncIl was n great power 111 the land and -in Parliamont, and 110 stood by, whilst tho King promised to apply to tho orils of the Municipal Corpora tions inTroland "a remedy founded on tho satno principles as thoso which have already passed for England and Scotland," Loru Melbourne wns First Lord, of tho Treasury, Lord John Russell wns Homo Soorctnry, Lord Pnlmcrstou hold tho seals "of tho Foreign Office, nnd Mr. Spring Rico wns Chancellor of tho Ex chequer. The Duko of Wellington mar shalled tho forces .of tho Opposition iu the Lords, whilst Sir Robert Pool led them iu tho Commons. As for Mr. Gladstone, ho had just followed his chief into Opposition, having onibyod for three brief months tho honors ami emoluments of nu Undor-Secre- taryship for tho Colonies. Mr. Disraeli wns at this date not priviloged to enter tho Houso oxcopt as a spectator. But his hands were full with his share of an acrimonious corres- poiulunco with Mr. Humo nB to whothor lie had over represented himself to that gontlc- man as " a Radical Reformer." Mr, Cobdon and Mr. Bright wore names unknown out of local circles ; and Queen Victoria was still learning the lessons taught her by tho side of hor good mother, tho Duchess of Kont. Looking back over this long vista of linio, Captain Gossot frankly declares that ho oannob call to mind any parliamentary epoch that may compare with that through which the Houso of Commons is now wearily stumbling. Ho haa beheld with his own eyes all the parliamentary personages of nearly half a century, and from the calm security of his chair hns witnessed all tho turbulent sccnos of parliamentary life, dating almost from the first reformed Parliament. Ho was present at tho inoinorablo sccuo of the dofoction of Sir Robert Peel's friouda, described with sublime pathos by a historian constitutionally impatient of tergiversa tion. Ho hns watched the fights that have raged about tho bodies of the various Reform Bills introduced since 1832\. Ho has seen the Irish Church Bill pnssod, the Irish Land Act, tho Ballot Act and tho Education Act ; and iu the way of moving episodes, ho has scon them all from the nignt when Fergus O'Connor stole bohind tho Spoakor's chair and ale the right hou. gentlonian's chop (thereby triumphantly settling tlio vexed question of his sanity or insanity), down to the more recent day when Mr. PlimaoU stood 011 0110 lug in tho middle of tho floor of tlio House and shook his fist at tho Prituo Minister. Musing on all theso matters, Captain Gosset still declares the House of Commons hns reached an epoch boyoiul compare for a general condition of disordor and for particular instances of individual refractoriness. Tlio .Serjeant-at-Arms has to think seriously of these thing, because ho cannot tell xt what moment he may not be called upon to exercise his extreme duty. In or dinary timoB tho 'Serjeant-at-Arms is ohiofly part of the ceremonial of tho Houso of Com mons. But his office has n substantial meaning, and he possesses real power, tho oxistonco of which is at rare intervals de monstrated. Holding his offico direct from the Crown, ho sits at the bar of the Houso as tlio representative of tho oxccutivo fores. Tho powor ho wields is not often enforced, but when onco put in action its might is irro- sistiblo. Tlio last time Captain Gosset' wns called upon to act against a member of the House was just twenty years ago. Tho offence committed was apparently a trivial ono, but it may bo interesting to re call the circumstances, as probably dis closing to hon. members quito unsuspected depths of discipline Colonel Futko Ore- villo, member for Longford (now Lord Grovillo). had in the session of 1859 been appointed to sit upon a committee nomin ated to consider an election potition from Kingstoii-on-Hull. Colonel Grcvilte, having more interesting business mi hand iu Ireland, went thither, disregarding tho sum mons to the committee. A missive was despatched to him in Ireland commanding ,his attendance. This not having the desired effect, tho Sorjcant-nt-Arms wns directed to proccod to Ireland to bring the I1011. and gallant mcmlicr over in custody. This mis sion Captain Gosset accomplished, lodging Colonol Grevillo' iu tho prison-rooms, whence - ho was discharged upon making a suitable apology to the House, The last timo previous to tho affaire Grisscll, that members of tho ontor public wore taught the danger of offonding the Houso of Commons happenod six years Inter. A potition to the House in favor of.onc of our disendowed and_ disestablished Indian princes was in course of promotion. Tlio signatures not coming in very rapidly, throe of the agents acceler ated tlio process by taking a moan advantage of the Strcot Directory. Tho fraud was dis covered, tho Scrgcant-at-Arms instructed to take tho offenders into custody, and tho too- outerprising agents wore, by order of tlio Speaker, sent to Newgate, Whon tho Serjeant-at-Arms is out of his chair ho is "nt homo" in a ploasant suito of rooms assigned to him near tho Tower Gato within tho Palace of -West minster. . Adjoining his rcsidonco are. tlio prison rooms, to which somo two .years ago public attention was fondly 'turned iu tlio expectation that thoy .might! bo temporarily assigned, tq tips gsq of Mr.' Biggar, and whioh last wcok were opened to \ admit Mr. Ward. Tho inomber for Cavan : knight ho much worso housed than in thoso prison-rooms, had his obstinacy )od him thithorward. Tho accommodation oonsisls of two rooms on tho ground floor and two abovo. The termor comprise a diningrooin, with an anteroom for tho warder 1 whilst .ftbof o I? t|io bedroom, with a small ohainber attached, in which tho warder sleeps. Tho idea of a prison is carried out by the iron' bars which . Uco tho windows. But for the rest, a man with an oasy conscience might bo vory comfortable hero j in tho untrain- moiled onjoyincut on one sido of a view of Westminster Falaco Yard, and on tho other of Westminster Bridge, with tho flow of lifo' that pulsates across it through all tho chang ing hours. In iho pilo of buildings, of which these historical chambers form part, is tho Sor- jcjint-ateArms' residence, lln h Captain Gos?ct Is porimnu'innst truly " ntbomo" in thb' little room leading out from the corridor that gives ontranoe to th® lobby of tlio Houso. Tlio placo is not luxuriously fur nished. There is a long table, a low couch, two or thrco chairs, aud a good many tem blors. Tho walla aro covered with a colloc- tion of photographic portraits, whioh form a uniquo picturo-gallcry. Horo aro tho coun terfeit presentments of hon. mombors, many of whom havo answorod to tho roll-call in anothor placo, Tliero aro not many ( now likenesses, probably becauso all available spaco has long boen assigned. But thoro it a special interest' in many of tho portraits by reason of thoir counoction. with living men, who might well pass thom by and marvel who - on earth thoso might be meant for. Here, for example, is a young- man-from-tho-country sort of person, aged about twenty, with an immnturo inoustacho ou an othorwiso hairless face, whioh seta ouo wondering at what precise point stolidity inorgca into stupidy. Looking into tho faco 0110 thinks ho lias seen a modified aud mar vellously improvod development of it on tlio front bench where tho Lcador of tho Opposi tion site ; and surely tho tall ainiablo youth -in the black stock and high coat-coliar must havo been Mr. Wliitbrcad before his spirits wore damped nnd his faco sot hard by tho hopeless endeavor to keep tho Houso of Commons iu tho narrow path of order. Theso faces and a hundred others—ghosts of inembors long dead, or of othors who still live with widor girth and graver counten ance—look down every night in tlio session upon a merry throng of legislators, who laugh and jest nnd smoko, and vanish tumnltumisly at the sound of tho division- bell. Liko gatliors to liko, and to bo froo of " Gossct's room " is to carry tho cachet of a good fellow. Tho Sergeant-nt-Arms knows ow to uphold with dignity his important oilico, and to maintain with firmness tlio necessary discipline that pertains to it. But this ho does with a courtesy to tlio general public aud a geniality to his personal Trionds which make the man as popular as tho office is honorable. 