Th© Critic. DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL. " -, '?n.mirior'a "Hamlet," and Mr. Dampier's "Hamlet's !PV » «¿ra so lengthily and exhaustively discussed oa tho "^ltnrI of the actor's former visit to tho colony, that it otvZ ronsldcrod to bo a work of supererogation nguiu to *Díy ^Jínro than in a passing note-to this actor's rcpre re,f7«i; nf tho most philosophic of all Ehaksporc's elia **nr« But tho crowded state of the Queen's Tkeatro, on 100 - M when tho tempestuous weather would Lave kept evenings Qn0 j,,^ t])e most ardent enthusiast, proves ^"ii m a hold tho representation ha3 obtained on tho how arm i of dramnti0 aovotces, mulling it still tho critic's close attention, especially as time has «¡n *3ix-tXr Dampier, witli etudeuMike ardour, to put touches i "ml there, with thc view of endeavouring to perfect tho °^Li7obas brought into being1. Whether thisiniprovemcut «ii nr only im^giuary, remains to he seen ¡ in discussing il ints to which we now call attention we desire to tlirow ÍTravious impressions and opinion, and to speak as K1 Jk thc representation were to us a new ono. Ono who v "Wed an originality can never tiro of perfecting his fand with abundant evidence that he has made tho IITw^fir nf Hamlet, a sUidy of devotion, wo can ima .TnuitMr Dampier, with thc fidelit:' of an art student, ^constantly studying how ho cou unprovc his con *Hnn without converging into tho beaten track f SB wedecessors, without laying himself open to tho i»ro* of sycophantic imitation, or to tho equally grave ono fîknnir or outrageous innovation. To admiro tho result o£ înAatady to accord to it in noniggardly spirit a full weed fUia tributo of praise it merits, is not necessarily to agroo .t? it in every particular ; one may, without inconsistence, Janurc the character of a rival thongh oneself its very anti thesis Ono point in Mr. Dampier's Hamlet ls perfectly clear: im rives you not one moment's mental trouble to discern Ma idea as to Hamlet's madness; from first to laßt ho shows »no dearly that he puts aside, after mature consideration, Inr oiiee and for ever, even tho slightest conception that the Kf-igh prince is aught else but perfectly sane, with a deter mination to work out the mystery attending his fntbcr'B AuSi hy every means in his power, and having dono this to racen from bis path every obstacle to tho avenging of tho murder and yet, not possessing proof, without taking upon SVclf' tho immediate instrumentality, for which his I iridiar temperament unfits him. Tou seo th¡3 hy tho Itiit and shade he throws into his assumption Äimous and doubtful to thoso whom he does not or Minot trust ; plain, open, and canditt*with those whom ho loows to ho friends. With thoso who like, to fool him to the ton of hiB bent, he nets so far as to favour tho belief in Ha insanity, whilst nt tho samo timo he shows that they cannot play upon him as on a pipo which is ns easy as ltira: His mind, possessing naturally philosopliic tenden cies nurtured in the aultc at Wittenberg, is keenly alive to tho supernatural visions to which . cvea his less educated fullowers beor wituess, With Horatio Mr. Dampier makes Hamlet perfectly ., natural, ns a reniai gentleman who leaves his princely stato in tho «lace to confer with his carly fcllow-studont ia a tone of uTiecauiorudoric. After his discourse with theghost his nlolc nature change's with thc necessities attending the an tony situation j ho is moody and suspicious of everyone, füll wore so when ho Cuds that tho gontlo Opholia is evi dently playing a port, and she, too, is set on to watch bini. Yet the light and shade which Mr. Dampier Unrows into thc character still tend to the samo diversity «Í feeling ; he ¿hows to thc players not a touch of aber ration of intellect, and he never for a moment wavers in his attachment to Horatio, never for a moment doubts his lealty and affection'. We have rarely, indeed, seen the diameter of Hamlet so clearly developed, leaving go little room for doubt or misconception. Mr. Dampier is a thoroughly conscientious and pains taking rtudent; geniuses often mar their brilliant electric fililíes by pre-concciícd and obstinate lanuncrisms, arising front-want of attention to details. Mr. Dampier overcomes minucriBin and, possibly, small defects hy close application and attention to tho written criticisms ou tho ?worts of Sliaksperc. Whilst Fechter and Irving may Wo served him as models, they have not prevented him from being original ; and he evidently tates pleasure in studying all the dill'ereut editions of tho master as well as tho commentaries on them, culling from each what socin toliiiutobo thc most applicable readings. As a whole, ?we prefer Mr. Dampier's Hamlet to tlint of tho late Walter Montgomery ; this, however gouial, was rugged andangular; that of Dampier is smooth and rounded. Though his facial egression is not changeful, it is animated, and the light hair of the northern Dane sets olf thc features to advaiitago, afr. Dampier shows tho philosophic and sombre sido of Hamlet's character in the conversation with Ms mother when bc cannot cast aside even for court revelry his dork habiliments or In's pensivo sorrow for .the dead father whoso memory is to revered. A marked change ia Iiis man ner becomes noticeable when exacting the oath from Horatio and Marcellus, showing a determination to arrange for sonic plan of discovery of tho dark deed which hus cost a funereal pall over hislife. It is hero that Ids "about my brains," becomes emphatic for a purpose-what ls still in the womb of the future. He correctly tums to Horatio J when he says-" There is more in heaven and earth than is dreamt iu your philosophy," accentuating tho last word, because, both having studied together, philosophy1 had formed a principal part of their lectures, and the meaning is trident that he refers to the philosophy they hod thus boen studying. His exit, too, with his two comrades -sow firmer friends than ever- is also graceful, W almost affectionate, in keeping; - with tho text ¡ j tat wc would have the lines "Tho times aro but of Joint, said more confidingly to them than loud ont to tho | wings ; and when Mr. Dampier is loud his voice ia less agreeable, .i,1' is¿ Ul° 6ccond ftct< however, that Mr. Dampier first snows (he greater freedom from mannerism and indepen dence of lningiiuition, as far as independence eau bo shown were almost every conceivable ;' I Ja has boen used in illus uaungtlus character. As he i i ¿rs reading, ho gives so ailÍ Btart at seeing ïolom-fi as almost to disconcert Jr1. Ty courtier, and this mystification . is kept «? throughout tho whole scone. Mr. Dampier's EM' &C8t;,lres> an «wc, aro admirably sustained, Bhowing " up, H rom>My> U'o littleness of Polonius. In us conversation with Giiildonstern and Roscncram, he is woe at case and natural j but in describing tho stato of KL i 8 nccentnation should bo rather moro marked "¿iT, M3» T mo ifc fa a Prison." But the phrase .iiiîti '}m' 1 llm ovon poor in thanks," was said löhn1M? < ? c?iirtly air of a gentleman who fools that hm« i 0 do ,lloll°'u- to gilesta so distinguished who «hohl T 0 to rollder bim service Tho olooutioa of this S«f?° was ?ot to b0 improved. Mr. Dampier's u I £ " Preventing the two (stickB) talking together, M arf (J°miwing notes about him, was so managed ricioTtl,"n ?T tl,em tl,e «1'ßn.tost ground for BUB. ia thc,,, .. I101?"alv'urc of tll0ir purpose töl ho discloses it oorcstr7,,"i . W\ 1,011 wl)y'" in which a tono marked of thc Wc81TFh}1,0 1,Rcd ,vitu advantage. Tho reading *uieh S Wllnt,a Piece of work is niau 1" was a lesson Himlct'sZ..«""' b° "roiItablo to tho stngo-student. h Uie ii?.?» °1)1UI0» of Iiis supposed madness is easily soon »ords « Ti *i? of *ono Mr. Dampier throws into tho » herasli,T ¡on "Ï Wlnd is southerly, I know a hawk from »We tn l»iior ? mn w "«ne 'ana sharpwitted as to bo °' Uio -ft ff'nnco ono bird from another I '« h>ok« ri. »l'ocioa. Another Uno point is when 1 ^l2l\°,.eM ,if Guiklcnstcrn and Uoscn ítnr».^ i?okl?» nt him as he asks the nlavors if thov can ,0»d torL JM mobled queen J" nor do wo like tho "Main, ofYL, ? \ ?Rr.r' bumpier givoB the final long r««wt th.l"1 ""t'^Mminifwitli, "O, what a rogue and tho whole ZoT 11 «lough tho subdued tone of rfquiro a P^.ou1 íu'llOírues through tho ontiro act ^ rrovions me^,,afc BtxonS light to throw up ^ «as uni J^c. ', yet tho glare ia too poworfuî, tüttinp tlío i tlluik¡,to tho n^cessitioa of occasionally ^Wthor th,mSrüf «>f ífroundlings" for populai' pux' ?!»tSn^^ Yot tho fit of pas. b,0»M-wron.ri.t ( rh 110 ^'^t» « "«ions volmm», nmX in.marked conti-ast with his $'O1UÄÄ fI,0,P';i'isc '".llio play's tho thing," L""1» inaunm. ?lB í10 V}A ho Faia in a inoro satirical and fútanl e, 'ni^V'ïï4 ftct Mr. Daiiipior gives us f^dsocffSvril .,, iSniculS soliloquy wo have seldom ""Mío, win.,vnC\y3 °l'.0,i- Seat f ilstaiit dislmm^.ïCtlV0 ctlJ'J'cst doüicanour, yet not for M^Hi hocoxSi ï' c!v:0IVv word was made pregnant with ¿^^"n¡MoTLCX-CÍtci ll.s "Orofleots on his own vmut «o inh}^JíHTlultX VaC0B Wo room, till his re !? yMccne, boS¿ i ou Perceiving tho fair Opholia. S««wn?Ä ííf V"»*0 bc öw>»«suly pure-minded ^«naUy-tts h' 'i," i is ,lb.out t0 «ochiïo to her his love w _uo und previously only ventured to hint S,iJ?i*ppeimmoo''~wnoi> ho espies Polonins, and at oneo Ide Tr^nS1??8 nr? ,arou?c ttonoo Wa sudden change of demeanour, for which sho can noe account. Hie start is KO natural as to cause a revulsion ?1 « ,'e ln tüe editor. His mocking laugh, when ho asks nci Are you honenl, ?" was sulHciout to set Ophelia wonuermg at his incoherency, and grieving at hiß apparently wandoring intellect, Then, taking her asido, and waitan io soo that none overhear him, he almost whispers, " I did IOTO you once, in a voice choked with tenderest passion; ana instantly afterwards exclaims angrily, "I love you not, that Polonius may hear him ; uttering, too, adecp sign ot anguish at what ho luiows to he a fatso looa, when, m answer to his question, "Whcro is your father ?" sho says, » At homo, my lord." in a paroxysm of rapro he tears up her picture, and tlirows tue pieces in tho direction where Polonious is concealed ; mon again turning to her os if to conciliate her for tho act. yet towing himself partly away, and holding his cloak Up to mg lace, as if afraid of hoing recognised and his emotion witnessed, lhe rest of tho scene consists of a scries ol tona regrets and passionate exclamations, as they aro in tended for tho eora of Ophelia, or for those of tho concealed listener. Tho secno with tho players was in great contrast, hoing perfectly easy, and without a tinge of passion. But the climax of Mr, Dampier's efforts in this sceno waa iu thc representation of tho play, when, rolling luigracofully on tue ground (puttingon tho demented statoupUu),hcrcpe¡us wita the actors tho words sot down in thc mammeripí nc lias heforo him. till lie start« up in a whirl «-ind of passion cm seeing tho cu'ect on tho King. The sccuo in which Hamlet is tempted to take tho King's life is omitted, the monarch hoing left to say his prayers to the audience most ungracefully ju tho tniddlo of the stage, with a front flat, which, docs not represent an oratory. The scone with the Queen Was uneven, and we think that Mr, Dampier herein malees Hamlet forget his own directions of a few minutes previously-to usc all gently, even in tho torrent and whirl wind ot passion. Reproof comos moro forcibly witli stern depth than with loudness. Yet thero were herein some beautiful passages, especially thc contrasting manner of his sudden emotional address to the ghost it comparison with his roughness to his motlier, and the sub sequent pathos he throws into tho words (as if in obedience to his father's injunction), "Mother, lay not tho flattorinp unction to your soul," whilst, with corresponding severity, ho bids her " Assume a virtue." Tlie third act of the play did not terminate till nearly ll o clock, too late an hour for the due consideration of thc remainder ; wo, therefore, content ourselves with recording pur notes thus for, though in fair justice must add a few linos in obedience to tho dictate-audi alicraia parkin. Waa it occident, or has Mr.- Dampier authority foi acting (in the conversation with Guildenstcrn and Rosen. cran¡í), the word "promontory1' for: "promontory"? Catiiaro, too, with an accent on tho penultimate, and making tho ro a special syllabic, is foreign to tho actual pronuncia tion of the Russian word caviar, wliich is its origin ; nc two players givo this word alike. ' In some of his inflect tions and accentuations, wo consider that Mr. Dampier has adapted errors,-as the want of stress on the last words ir " It shall to tho barber's with your beard," and also on tho word "journoynion," in- "I had thought same of nature's journeyman." Iii roqucstinp tho "players to follow. Polonius, tho accent should he on "you" in "look you, mock him not," ns ho (Hamlet] had done. When putting asido Horatio's idea that he is being flattered by Hamlet, .the inflection should bo more marked in ".What advancement con I, hopo from thoo." But these and a few elocutionary peculiarities may b( easily overcome, and thus remove tho'few imperfections which only slightly mar tho beauty of tho general imper sonation. Of the many actresses who have played the part of the Queen in this country during thc last twenty years, we consi- der that Miss Willis is-next to Rosa Cooper-by far the best representative, though looking rather young to have so old a son. It is easy to see that when she plays with superior artists Miss Willis is careful, and rises to the occasion. In the great scene with Hamlet, her acting and speaking were marked with force and vigour which, under the weight of her son's accusations, sink to deep pathetic contrition. We do sincerely wish that Miss Willis would bo taught to overcome a few elocutionary de- fects as she possesses so much natural stage ability. Miss Kate Douglas made a pretty, simple, easy-speaking Ophelia. The male characters were less fitly represented, excepting that of Polonius, of which Mr. McGowan made a marked feature, assisting very much in the effect of the whole. In this age of Spiritualism, too, wo should havo thought that the idea of a ghost talking in a hideously Bcpulchxal, conven tional toiio of tho carly centuries, would have exploded, and that a spirit who could visit his friend in tho habiliments be wore when on earth woidd also speak in his natural voice, which could not bo easily imitated by another. There were not many other goad points in the play, and wo have left ourselves no space to mention many radical defects (except to allude to tho giggling - and noise behind tho scones in some of thc quietest and most pathetic passages) j tliis is fortunato, no doubt, for those concerned. In futuro we may bo loss lenient, if ineffectivess is caused by carelessness, a want of attention, or an. hour or two of additional diligence and study. \- The fln¿ old melodrama of "Bclphegbr.tboMountchank," is ono in which-the legitimate drama being necessarily laid aside for tho «once-Mr. Dampier' shows to advantage Miss Willis and little Lily Dampier also modo a great hit in this piece. ' In our short allusion last week, to tho play of "Jano Shore," wo had no intention of reflecting on tho work of its modem author, Mr. W.'G. Wills, a writer of con Biderablo distinction and powers i he has taken tho old snb jeot of Nicholas Rowe, bnt tho; rough and. occasionally coarse verso of tho old writer has been replaced by tho poetical hnagery and'srtiooth" verso'Of tho modern drama tist. Mrs. Lewis has, during thc present week, appeared hi a pleasing American play, entitled "' Clouds," displaying to advantage her very great ability as a versatilo actress. I Bridging over tho week's , episode of Miss Joby Gougon I heirn with tho stock company in stock pieces, wo como to I tho appearance at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening of tho. new actress, Miss Roso Osborne, in tho now play of "Mis3 Mnlton.". It has generally boon conceded that tho popidar author, ? Mrs; Henry Wood, whatovcr hor general faults, has > at least tho merit ot ori ginality. But either sho or tho aiithor of " Miss Multon " must have committed a wholesale and palpable plagiarism, or both must have plagiarised from a common source. Wo incline to the idea that the author of " Miss Multon " is tho culprit; and that tho plot of "EastLynno" has boen bodily transferred to thc drama, and that thc larceny has not oven been adorned by thc beauties of language, as Virgil embel lished his plagiarisms, or as stolen diamonds aro often ren dered unrecognisablo by tho polish they rcoeive. Thero is nothing to relievo thc dull,. weary, spasmodic monotony of tho piece, and Miss OBborno might be an actress of tho very highest merit nnd not bo ablo to mnko any tiling of so titterly a disagrecablo part. Wo prof er to gi vc her the bono flt of the doubt. Mr. Chaplin made his ro-appearaneo at tho Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, in "Othello," and was well received. Li tliis tragedy Miss Osborne'essayed tho part of Desde mona. But tho character of tho " gontlo lady " is also not one which could (or did) display any special stage qualifi cations in MisB Osborne.' it would bo manifestly unfair to judge of her merits negatively; 'and wo must, there fore patiently await some further opportunity böfore giving a decided opinion, judging what wo saw merely by what wo saw, as far as it wont. Miss Osborno is beautiful, has a graceful Btngo figuro, and drosses ele gantly. Thesenro positive qualifies which sho sharos with many stago mortals. Sho lias not a powerful voice, but it is also not harsh ; and, judging by Desdemona's hapless, confiding, undeinonstrativo amiability-not too undemon strative to elope with tho Moor-it is difficult to say whether it jjosscsscs very much modulation or inflective power. Her style on Tnosday WOB very monotonous-but then it was "tho gentle" Desdemona that spoke. In thc fourth act, when directly accused of wnutoniicss by Othello, struck down by his bitter invecti ves, Miss OBborno certainly made some show of passion, but recovered hor equanimity very quickly, and discom-sed of hor sorrows vory gently to her compassionating friends, Emelia and Iago. Miss Osborno was best in tho last act until she is smothered, appealing to Othello with tho earnestness of fear. Surely, however, anyone who has suffered the suffocating process of smother ing, hut could proclaim hor inu'ocenco and invoke a general pardon on her dctractors-and her murderer in so loud and ibm a tone, must have recovered eveii without medical aid. Mr. Chaplin's Othello was a very nico, smooth, oven ncr foraiaucc- so smooth and oven, indeed, that ifc would bc difficult to find excrosciiçcs or protuberances, good or bail, to bo nocked at. So loving and gentío au Othollo was worthy of his gentío Desdemona, It was cruel of his frieud to treat him BO dccoitfully, and cruel in him to bo BO sovcre to his loving wife. But somehow the-occurrences dreadfully dispiriting and harrowing at all times, oven when brightened by tho genius of a Brooke or a Salvhu seemed on this occasion (anti in an ago whon sensational events crowd heforo ns daily) very commonplaco-almost to dulness-and very provocative of megrims. In this representation thero were a number of round pegs which would not flt into thc squavo holes. Everybody seemed to havo taken everyono else's character. Miss Myra Kernilla would have dono belter as Desdemona. There is much aptitude for learning in this young lady, aud much could be taught her, especially in eradicating de fects; but, surely, tho weight ot Emilia's garments and character were enough to sulfocatc her, :i_s well as Desde mona ; and tho occasional spurts of piusion very nutumlly led tho over-weighted young lady (who tried her utmost) to tho gool whither Byron suya thc tide in the affairs of women occasionally leodH thom. Mr. Douglas should, o£ course, havo bceu COSKÍO, a character exactly suiting him, and ho Cassio; as lng0 ho had a field all to himself, and ho made tho largoHt uso of it. Tho Iago of Mr. Douglas hud one merit .-originality ; so original sui Iago wo have «over seen, and Mi1. Douglas lind evidently studied hard to mako it so ; but -qua diable fdisniUil dims ceUc he in a sort of Dou-Cicsar-dc-ltazau cloak ? Mr. South mode Bodorigo as funny a little irentlemcn ns could ho seen in all Venice. Of tho rest-nil tiisi lou inn; for, as logo himself hath it, we are "nothing if not critical," and as there is nothing good to bc Eaid, silence is thc golden virtue. But we will sum np in a general verdict-there waa a very pretty bit of scenery in tho foiu-fch act. In music there is nothing to bc noted. Next weeli thero isa "Mooro" centenary concert to beheld, and tho pro gramme, made np principally of songs by the eweot Irish melodist. Miss Marie SI, Clair, one of tho latest additions to our register of professional artists, now about our only public contralto vocalist and teacher, will be ono of tho principal executants. The Bunill fry of third-rate professionals havo been Beizcd with a bad attack of Giorzaphohia, and are dismally moan ing ont their sick croakiugo. The Exhibition Commiiudon ers having done ii wiso and sensible thing, ave not likely to ho frightened out of their propriety by tho srilcnctic jca louBy of incompetent vanity. Theso "little great mon" will find that Signor Gioraa has a soul above buttons and potty jealousies; that ho is not tho man to intorfcro with the rights of his really professional brethren ; tliat, hy the Î>osition Bo Iras always assumed and been nblo-unchal enged-to ' maintain in music, ho raises and ennobles tho profession which, it will ho generally owned, hos been very low in Sydney, because our few true musicians have allowed themselves to be elbowed out of tho flold by shallow pretenders. Now that wo aro likely to have some good orchestral miscellaneous music, no ono will grudge tho, oratorioists their monthly field-day. Signor G ¡orza has always shown so high a professional amour propra that ho will.bo only too glad to give every aid to other musical enterprises, asid to receive similar aid for his own j and wo are thoroughly convinced that every truo musician throughout tlie colonies (and wo have some fow even in poor Sydnoy) will gladly reply to the coll of tho musician who a thorough master in all branches of Ids profession-is tho only man with thc seal, ability, and energy combined, to mass forces and produce effects. Thoso who aro tluun selves masters know when they have a master-hand to deal with thom. Mr. J. C. Fisher has put tho matter forward in a maidy and sensible lotter, which administers a just rebuke to all who hasten to unii£>-t conclusions from ill-considered promises. ENOEMOS. 