LES CLOCHES DE CRNEVILLE. The Theatre Royal will reopen on Saturday evening for the English and Opera Bouffe season, when Planquette's "Les Cloches des Corneville" will be presented for the first time in Sooth Australia. The argument of the opera is as follows: -The Marquis of Corneville, who has been since childhood, owing to certain politic— -—pleasantness, an exile, returns to .his ancestral home on the occasion of the great anuu— fair which is being celebrated in the village that receives its name from bis chateau. It is a truly Norman village, of the old Normandy type. In the first act we find an extensive collection of village gossips discuss ing the usual scandal and small talk of a total district. Serpolette, a sort of good-for-nothing, is tbe topic of conversation among the village maidens and matrons. She comes just in time to save her reputation, by turning tbe tables on her traducers. Gaspard, an old miser, proposes to giro bis niece, Germaine, in marriage to the representative official dignitary of the village, the Bailie. The niece decidedly objects to this arrangement; and although she declares that she is hound in ties of gratitude to a Certain fisherman named Grenicheux, for saving her life (as she thinks) yet she asserts that her heart is untouched by the dart of love. To escape the marriage so hateful to her and Grenicheux, aud to fly from the vengeance of Gaspard and the Bailie, both parties take ad vantage of the privileges of the fair and become servants of the Marquis, in which position they tind themselves joined by the scapegrace, Ser polette. The secoad act is taken up with the e-tpotur— of tbe ghosts iv the haunted Castle of Corneville. The Marquis, confident that there was nothing supernatural about the strange ap putu—ci which for such a long time perplexed the simple villagers,introduces his men into the castle, aud finds out, after many persistent at tempts, that the entire army of ghosts is comprised in the person of Gaspard. The old miser is discovered, and be comes crsry on account of the fear of losing his treasure, which he has concealed in the old castle. The act ends with the celebrated bell song aud chorus, the most taking musical num ber to be found in the entire range of comic opera. In the third act the chateau is restored to all its pristine splendor, and the Marquis bas entered it as master. The villagers are invited to a grand fite, and the miser, Gaspard, is still crazy. Serpolette com— iv as a grand lady, and Grenicheux as her factotum. After a love some between the Marquis and Germaine, it appears that the latter is the rightful heiress aud the true claimant of the title of Marchioness, before conceded to Serpolette. The opera closes with the reconciliation of all parties, and tbe romantic story is brought to a happy end. 