Sporting Notes from Engla-fl Br "Pobargus," LONDON, October The past month's racing has been heavy indeed, but as we have been mostly av . , by fine weather, the sport has been J enjoyable. Save the Middle . a day, the Cesar e witch week was an w could desire, and I do not remember a highly satisfactory Cesarewitch. bng tance handicaps in this country ac® , present time at a very low rate, I this is so I cantilever understand. I do not seem to care to have t®eir j I trained for races of two miles and over, I it is a surprise to me how, under ®"e. I stances, we annually have so o 1 petition for the Cesarewitch. This y H I field numbered twenty-seven, and Ad I who had been tried better at theweif J its I Dresden China, remained a firm ta ,fuun J the end. Throughout the piece ' jae nr I guns had been levelled at him, ' /et tin" I remained, but he ran just i n the I Fashion 1 had seen him at Notiangfoa® 1 Newcastle, and X was not in the teas I pri«ed to « at the Bushes. Newmarket Hbath Wti7 far more suited to the big- Btridmg panion, Dresden China, and she ft.ade a Slant fight of it out of the Abingdon mile bottom, and feo_ dm Mr Qretton's iir, Westbourne and Isonomy, the latter ! of whieh immortalised himself; by running fourth under his impost of 9st 101b. Indeed Xom Cannon eaid after the race that he might have won but for being bumped against by Westbourne, whom they had tned a wonder, but the lad coui4: not get him out. It is all very ell to blame Saddingfcon it was. Mr. GretfcOn s fault in nhtlookinjg lor a stronger bhy .earlier, . of trying to make people around himeiieve would not run the horee, Gould bethink people were blind?; His commissioner was early at worir, and backed Isonomy previous to taking longshotsabout WeStbourne, whom he subsequently suppo&Qd; to win thousands. STow, would an astute man like Robert Lee do this without orders ? The bubble burst, however, at the finish, and John Porter told me that if he ran up to his trial he would win by 100 yards ; and so he should have done but for the over-cleverness of his owner. The victory of Westbourne would have been more welcomed than that of Chippendale, as the former was generally stood by the public ; but when excitement had toned down folks began to see that " a good man and true" in Lord Bradford was the owner of the winner. His lordship is Master of the Horse, a breeder, a somewhat unlucky owner, and by no means a heavy gambler. Lord Bradford did not breed Chippendale, as he bought him as a foal at the side of his dam, Adversity, a well-bred mare by Adventurer out of Stockhausen. but his sire, Koeoco, is not a popular hore at the stud, although he could stay, and the Northumberland Plate was among his race course achievements. Chippendale is a good- looking coit, and would have had more backers but for being so heavily weighted anu the fact of some of the patrons of Wad- low's stable standing the ex-hunter Quits and Barley Sugar, the first- named of which belongs to Squire Drake and the other to Colonel Forrester, and the colours of which both figured well across the flat. The trio had never been tried together, and yet each party was confident, and conse quently wc heard of few large winners — not even the leviathan Steele and Peech, who bad the "coin," but went for Westbourne. The Newmarket horse ran wretchedly, and so did Lord Rosebery s pair, Rhidorroch and Chocolate ; indeed, the last- named, I should say, is only selling plate form. Lansdown, who was thrown in on his two-year-old form, did! not run, and Mr. Crawfurd depended on Prince George and Bay Archer, and I fancied the last-named would have run better, seeing how easily he pulled off the Goodwood Stakes. As Captain Machell did not try Breadnnder to stay, she never left the middle division in the market ; and another stable that blundered was T. Brown's, as Iron Duke was said to be far inferior to Discord at home, hut beat Mr. Christopher's crack all the way. Discord cannot stay, and it was something in his favour to run Rayon d'Or to ahead, at the First October meeting, and again the day after his Cesarewifcch disgrace. Before the contest for the Middle Park rkte. I heard people generally say in the. bird cage th - 1 the competitors v. ere a good-look ing lot, but after the race, as usual, you read that thev ' -ore moderate, "simply because Beaudeserfc and Grace Cup ran right away from their opponents. Beaudesert was trained to tire hour, ami is a very handsome colt, the only fault that one could pick in him being that he i3 a trifle high on the leg. He is a son of Sterling, a horse whose sub scription has since been closed for next season, and I could not see why Lord An glesey should want to dispose of him. But after the race he found fresh quarters, having been purchased jointly by Lord Alington and Sir Frederick Johnstone for 7,000 guineas, at which price he could not be dear, seeing that the Two Thousand appears at his mercy. The colt is to be trained by Porter, who ran another Sterling in Fernandez, an own brother to Isonomy, who requires time ; and Grace Cap, who was second, can go fast, and can hardly be a roarer as reported, other wise her owner, Mr. Barclay, would have closed with the offer that was made. The French stable supplied the third in Dora, who, as is usually the case with this division, defeated the more-fancied one, Poulet ; and another that ran well was the "brother to Ersilia, since called Brotherhood, and one that will not run again this season. Writing of two-year-olds reminds me that Mr. Gretton is again after one to carry his colours in the Derby, and offered a good price for Robert the Devil and Bertram, who has never yet tasted defeat. He has not yet met a real good horse, and I think the best we have seen this season are Bend Or, Beaudesert, and Ocenie ; but I fear that the last-named will Dot sport silk again, the filly having become uc sound. Plu tigers are at all times liable to blows, but they had one heavily dealt in the case of the Challenge, which was quite the getting- honie stakes. Still, thoughtfully looking at tt, Lollvpcp was not the sort of cne to stand, as tiie Duke of Hamilton's horse had more than once, proved himself a rotten reed, and when Rayon d'Or simply smothered him there were sonic rather long faces. Jennings seems to think it policy to run the St.< Leger winner while he is well, for he took the Select Stakes as well as the Champion Stakes; and for the latter, it «as always a guinea fo a gooseberry, a 3 he raced away from F lucid a, an o n sister to which also won a two-year-eld stake. Exeter, who has always held a firm position in the . market for the Cambridgeshire, was third for the Champion, and Rayon d'Or kicked PaiolO so, badly op the Friday that we may not see the Yankee tor some time to come Tbe American Papers make one laugh about their "'chapi- pion," and the same weekas .the" Cesare witch 1 read an argument in favour -of his staying the course. I wish the wriipr cpuld have een him run, or that his o ner hhd been tempted to make a match ->ith Isonomy; ; He ouid, I feel convinced, find' that j after ull, 11Qt a first-rate racer. — : . The succeeding week was noticeable for the victory of Dresden China in the chief handi- at Ne - castle, ? here an autumn meeting has done well for the past few sea sons; and then we were on the plains at Newmarket part ray important > ft ; ?Mssrtesasass»Stt. for two-year-olds, fell to Lord Anglesey with > Prestonpans, a Prince Charlie colt; that has ! ? voughout the year given me the idea of » beinga stayer, as he has always come and !. « £»««» oa.ifte P5st, after appearing well beaten, andm this instance Tom Gannon I Tthel of his brilliant ?n Ust reached Dora' in the last- fifty yards and defeated herb y a head. Prestonpans was in the sale-list, and > be was brought to the hammer later in the Wl at -U i? reacl1 reserve price, and I should not be surprised next year to see him defeat his late stable companion, iieauaesert, over a long course. Mr. Gretton threw the Cambridgeshire away, and must now regret the hour in which he was induced to put the pen through the name of Westbourne. Of course, the second m the Cesarewitch would, and will always be, a great favourite with the public for the shorter lace; and if Mr. Gretton did not intend to run his horse, why did he allow him to remain a leading favourite for the sub sequent six days ? But, although wealthy, he appears to be obstinate, and his last act came like a thunderbolt among the backers, the latter of which should have remembered that he had done the same twice previously with old Pageant, first at Shrewsbury, and to6u Ne castle. It is no usq crying over spilt milk, and the pair that represented this part proprietor of Bass Brewery never had a ghost of a chance, although as little as S to 1 was taken about Falmouth, whose weak back suggested his inability to get up the hill. The birdcage was well attended, and the thirty-one candidates were mostly well trained, and, « ith few exceptions, very much liked. Balbriggau, a half-brother to Sutton, seemed to amuse spectators by his ungainly appearance, but those that took my eye most were Leoville, Flctsam, La Merveille, and Exeter, and, to finish with, the first-named divided the part of favourite with Lartington, a north-country-trained one that had been reported scratched. It, however, turned out a hoax, and Messrs. Weatherby ought in future to be more careful in accepting scratchings, and especia'ly so in cases like that of Lartington, where some woman wrote to say that Mr. Bragg was ill, and she had been re quested to 'strike out the horse. Lord Rosebery, in addition to La Merveille, ran Elhiddorroch, and Mr. Gretton and Mr. Crawfurd were also doubly represented; indeed, the latter, in my opinion, ought to have won with Out of Bounds, as she was a good deal hampered with, and, in a magnifi cent race, was only beaten " two heads" from the winner. The race was one of the most exciting I have witnessed for some time past, and most disastrous to backers, as from the red post, inside a quarter of a mile from home, ail the favourites were out of it, and until the last hundred yards it looked as if a 100 to 1 chance on either Sunburn or Cax- tonian would win. Macdonald, who rode Chippendale in the Cesarewitch, was rather in too great a hurry to get home on Sun burn, who gave way to La Merveille. who also began to tire, but just managed to squeeze borne from Caxtonian, on which a 'boy called Cranbam rode remarkably well, and was only defeated by a head with Out of Bounds, as I have said before, a similar distance from Lord Anglesey's colt. The position occupied by the latter surprised the followers oi Brown's stable, as Djiscord, who was fifth, was so much superior at the weights at home ; and John Dawson's stable was chagrined at the position occupied by Leoville, who ran forward on the top side with Lord Chime and Ragman ; while the Cesarewitch impostor, Adamite, occupied a position on the lower ground with Lartington, the latter of which made running to start with. The congratulations showered on Lord Rosebery, Robert Peck, and Constable told one that the victory was not begrudged, and it was only those layers that began betting on the race a day or so before that escaped the winner, as she had throughout the piece been previously well backed, and did not figure at the long odds she started until news flashed upon the wires that she had been beaten in a trial — a fact that caused her ! owner to have little faith, and won nothing like the sum he would have landed on her last year, when she finished third to Isonomy and her stable companion, Touchet. La V'erveille was bred by Mr. Combes, and is by Blair Atiiol out of Cauldon, by Newminster out of Hecate, aud it will be remembered that she was made a present for her racing career to Peck, iu consequence of his giving 4 100 guineas for Maxmilian, and he sub sequently let Lord Rosebery race her in his nanitf. She is a sound -looking bright bay fiilv of nice length and plenty of quality, and her victory here was the first time she has earned a bracket since her two-year-old career, when she scored no fewer than six wins out of nine attempts. :1 he stake was worth L2. 165 ; and although not placing any reliance in t meing races, I may add that it was run in 2min. Ssec. The other events of importance in the Houghton week were the Dewhurst Plate, Free Handicap, and Jockey Club Cup, but the first v as a very slow affair, as it looked a moral for Grace Cup on her- form with Beaudesert in the Middle Park Plate. And f so it proved, for the -happily- named daughter of The Duke aud Moyan. simply cantered . away at her leisure, and , placed this nice; etake to the credit of Mr. Barclay, the pos sessor of a limited stud, which almost annu. ally produces one thatcan race. Grace Cup was followed home by Ambassadress, the: ! best of Lord Falmouth's youngsters— a Very bad lot this season. Indeed, w ith Count -Lagrange's crack Ofcenie, out of the way, Grkce Cup«'4b6fa»-li6eifi»ra<g tfie5 Oaks, an easy mile' and a- half at her. mercy. The i Free Handicap brought about the defeat of . the St. Leger winner, "Rayon d'Or, who r| failed to concede the 161b to Out of Bounds, ' who, perhaps, ought to have won the j ; Cambridgeshire and among the defeated » J?3 Cesarewitch winner, Chippendale; I ne Jockey Club Chp, run oh the day of posting this -despatch; was won by Lord Falmouth's Jannette, Mr. Crawfurd. being second with Out of Bounds. Many of my readers will have heard of Mr. Davis, the leviathan bookmaker, and one that, some twenty or thirty years' ago in the days of "the list®," amassed a great fortune, which he failed to enjoy the latter part of his life, as he was paralysed— an ill ness that brought about his death at Brighton on the 4th October. When in the Iring, he was the heaviest better ever known, and one who knew him well tells me that he was genial, kind, and benevolent. His in troduction to a racecourse was at New market, whither he was despatched by a London building firm to assist in completing -the present subscription-room in time for the Craven meeting, subsequent to which he repaired to the heath, and thereby com menced his connection with a sport which proved iu after life most remunerative. The Jockey Club have again been aroused from their slumbers, and now threaten to do something desperate. Their last act was to deal with the duties of the starter, and now they have drawn up a code of rules to pre vent jockeys from betting and owning horses. I am not going to quarrel with them for the steps they intend to take, as I certainly lean with them in their intention, but I think the rule may have been framed differently, seeing that it is levied against three or four jockeys who injudiciously take a prominent place in the betting ring, when not otherwise engaged, and betting their " hundreds." Fancy the indignation that would arise in the mind of an owner and member of the Jockey Club, when running his crack horse for a Queen s Plate at a country meeting, to be accosted by a jockey who offered "to take his 300 to 200, if he wanted to bet." If one or more should forget themselves thus, it seems hard that the whole profession should suffer. Those who execute the jockeys' com missions are also threatened, and one of these seemed to appreciate the move, as he tells me that, as a rule, the horsemen are bad parters. In theory, the new law is a good one; and as to practice, I will not- defy the Jockey Club to stop jockeyseither betting or owning horses, but there never was a bill passed yet but what you could drive a four- horse coach through, as the saying is ; and I think, if the Jockey Club should succeed in carrying their motion, the old adae will, no doubt, be easily applicable to the, so far, injured At the present time you have to be exceed ingly careful what you place in type, as libels are now of daily occurrence. Fashion able beauties, editors of daily papers, and trainers are all prosecutors, and 1 cannot help but mentioning that in the first and last in stances proceedings were wisely taken to prevent such gross personalities. a little paper, under the cloak of being in tbe interest of the licensed victuallers, has lately been noted for its scurrilous articles entitled "People we Meet on our Racecourses." But they have overstepped the mark, andMaibew Dawson, trainer to Lord Falmouth, was at tacked so baaly that he took proceedings, which are still pending, so k suppose I must postpone further comment. Next week, with the lovers of the chase it will be a case of " U>, roose. ye men— ye merry men I It is our opst- ii g uai." 'The backward state of the season has muck j interfered with the cub huntings, but, never theless, I hear favourable reports from most parts, and one corresjjondeut tells me that they have already had one or two good things in Leicestershire in the open. I am pleased to say that the Quorn difficulty, which at one period threatened to lead to a deal of unpleasantness, has terminated satisfactorily, and that Sir Bache Canard, who had made himself so popular last season, is to continue to hunt the Billesdon, where new kennels have been erected. Her Majesty s Stag- hounds have been forest-hunting, and some good sport has been enjoyed with the Devon and Somerset, the only pack now in England tfcat hunt the wild deer. For the opening of the season the country is certain to ride heavy, as we have had so much wet weather, but I trust that we shall not have such a hard time of it as we did last winter. The lateness of the harvest has also inter fered with tHb coursing ; indeed, many of the early meetings, including A shdown — always a popular place, and where in October one generally sees some good pnppies — had to be postponed. The best meet- ing, therefore, that has yet taken place is Plumpton, and, of course, this Was only natural, as the place is built for conrsing, just the same as Woodside for racing — near London. Although I never liked the place, I must admit that it gained plenty of patronage, and at the recent gathering it was something in its favour to find Misterton, this year s Waterloo winner, among those competing for the All-ased BrightonStakes. Doon, Dear Erin, and Palmflower also went to the slips, and while the latter was put out in her first course, and Doon in his second, Dear Erin won both, and . was then drawn. Misterton ran further in the stake than either, as he contested tbe final conrse, but was well beaten by Mr. Graves s Grandboro', by Barcarolle "out cf Gaily, and some went so far as to say that he was put out in the previous round by Berkeley, though some discredit must be placed on the assertion, seeing that the latter belongs to Greenhall, a bookmaker, and, naturally enough, with half a chance, there would be plenty of fielding against a Water loo Cup hero by the talent. Gf the puppies that ran at the meeting, Mr. Cliff's kennel \- wan in great form, as he carriedoff the Derby, with 112 subscribers, with a fawn and white dog called Lord Cardigan XL, by Lord Car digan out bf Jessie, and also took; the Oaks with Lady Cardigan, one of the same litter — an event that is not uncommon in this coun try. The big sweepstake between Dear Erin, Market Day, and Misterton ended, as I ex pected, in smoke, and I have already heard of some wagem being made on the next Waterloo. About Misterton 900 to 50 was Looked prior to his coarse with Grandboro'; but subsequently 25 to 1 was offered, which price was accepted about Lady Lizzie, and I 16 to 1 about Market Day. The coursing i this season will, X hear, .be poor at New- market, as hares are very scarce on the Chip penham fields. America has held out an inducement for our amateur athletes to take part in some in ternational sports, and rumour has it that a team will start from this country to take part therein. But will it be a representative team ? That is the question. It is all very well for second and third rate men to go out with a view of makiug money, hut it is hardly the sort of thing that should be allowed. What I say is, send the best, or let the others go on their own account, and not under the false title of a representative team. I have heard no news here of the match between Triekett and Hanlon being sealed and signed, and it is a pity if a question of expenses should finally stop t real £cod scullers measuring blades. As I have often written — not because he defeated Sadler— that Triekett was an exceptionally good man, and when here would, in all probability, have beaten Higgins, who was then at his best, I am aware that Hanlon would have all his work cut out if a match was made But, readers, you must remember this H anion is a wonder ; and a man that, when rowing a race in rough water, can pull up, sP®nSe his boat out, then row on, and win by many a length, is not to be snuffed at, 