II—RELIGIOUS AND PHILAN THROPIC. EVANGLICAL ALLIANCE. The annual public meeting of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance was held in the Flinders-street Preabyterian Loc-<*> ture Hall on Monday evening, June 16\. There was a Toy small attendance. The President of the Alliance, the Bey, J. Ltaix, delivered the following address:—The objects for which this Evangelical JUliinoe exists are such as cannot fail to wninwad them selves to the sympathy of every Christian, heart. It is intended to give visibility to tte unity Which *— n^K<T «?"**" ??*"??g iRf iW—iplM r* tte Lord Jesus Christ, and to afford tbent opportunities for mutual conference and'fee fellowship in devotion and in work. Semen idea ever occurred to its founden as tneaytnf* zstion of a new Church, separate from utter existing Churches. That weald only have added another rent to the already «"l*«arl *ly torn robe of Christ's body. There are those who in^tteir seal for rarity of doctrine and feliowthip, aod under the_ jnflnmee of a deafen to DFOOSOtO dlDfltUU Q&lflOf; Afiv lip A QulWu of their own, which soon becomes the moat.es> elusive ana sectarian of aU religioas jboc?es. Bat the theory we seek to embody in oar *in.Tini? is that while the *;?"flff of Christ may hold different views in regard to Church organisation or administration they aie really one in Him, and ma) from tune to timejpive action in regard tomatters of eommaninterest. - In onr different Obnrches there are forms at government and modes of worship for which we have a conseientions and very Redded preference, things which have been Banded down by our forefathers, and which am endeared to ourselves by many sacred and tender assocations. Bat there are great and essential troths which are common to all Curia tians—those truths which (date fothe«eafa*l dn^-^-pno of redemption. l*<r""a.*' the work of Ohrist-teutts which an dearer far ttan aU those other things in regard to «hicb flier differ from each other; and it is aarelya good Odng for those who are agreed on that central <uo trine to step over tJiefMtonswhichiiefiarstei?iwn to take each otter by the hand, to unite with each otter in calling on the nanifi of theironminnn Lord, and to confer with cash otter aa to matters which affect the welfare of tte whole brother hood. It seems to as that such onion amid divenolus of oninion and form is a thing far better than any enforced vmiftwtmtf winch might be brought about by including aU Ohria tians within tte fold of one Ohnrah.. Hen cannot be compelled to think alike on questions of Church government and modes of worship. Even although they were all to belong to' one fflTEMiif*^^ then would still he divergences of opinion, with the dangartiist tte central authority might aouuioas m™ utte rance of individual sentiment at tte cost of no small damage to tte cause of truth. Better it is surely that Christian, men should give legiti mate expression to their matured convictions as to tte teaching of Scripture on all questions fitan that there should be any unfaithfulness to tte dictates ef conscience, and what is believed to be tte voice of God. At the same time it is deeply to be deplored when differences of opinion in regard to things which are non tttential are allowed to interfere with mutual rjmpathy on the part of those who are agreed on truths which are fimdampntal and vital. Those who hold Jesus Christ to be tte Son of God and the Head of tte Church, who look to His mighty sacrifice as tte foundationof Unit hopes, who regard faith in Him as the mean* of acceptance with God, a faith leading on to righteousness, purifying the heart and working bj love—thaw who hold these doctzinesand tte other doctrines which are naturally connected with them have a bond of union «"««j^g between them stronger far than that of any erelfrfrimtiMi organisation, and can therefore well afford, and will find it to be for their ad vantage, to come over the dividing fence, and as occasion may serve to cheer each otter and take counsel as to tte Master's cause. They are really one in Christ Jesus. We kail as brethren all who love tte Lord Jeans Christ in sincerity, although they speak different tongues and observe different forms, and waubardi*at? mat*"l* entertain different opinions from our selves. Unity in diversity is tte prevailing feature in the natural world, and unity in diversity seems to be that which is best fitted for tte eonititation of the human mind and for the present state of tte Church -and of tte world. Everywhere in nature there is diversity. What endless variety we observe for «™rr'? in the vegetable world. She number of genera andspeciesintree and plant andflowar is almost countless, vet there are great general laws pervading the whole which resolve them into* wondrens nnity; and in like manner in the spiritual world, butt in tte ease of different Churches and of individual Christians,ttere are diversities of operations, but the one sU-per vading spirit. Genuine believers in Christ are far nearer each otter in paint of sentiment than might appear from judging from the recpeetive Churches to which they belong. Get a number, of Christians to meet together to call «pomtt« name of tte Lord, and we ace bold to say chat though attached to different ecclesiastical arguisataons it would be difficult to tell to. which each belongs. Episoopalian,Preabytorian, Methodist, Congragationalist, Baptist, wffl in prayer drop then- distinctive jpeculiantiea and! appear before God as one in Christ Jesns. A beautiful mustratian of what we mean is afforded by the bymn books which are in use in 0m various Ohurcbes. The writers of our hymns have lived in different lanes and ages." Xbejr were separated from each otter in snm>imtanoo? by then- *hn" 1«Bi—1 beliefs sad by j""" 1 differences, yet they ban TwiTietiilmd to fto universal Church a legacy of inestimable worth, a legacy in which we recognise a wonderfol unity of«entLi^taadaini,nohriftstanuingttieknown diversities which nrevaliwl among them, tnonc various Churches we freely use and creaUy prize as the vehicles of onr devotional iee?ngs the byans of Ambrose aad Bernard and Saber, .1 Watts and Wesley aad "fopladyVof Dad fridgeand Newton aad Oowper,pf KeUeaad Ljte and Boost, and abort of othwi. -~%heaa writers belong to branches of the uhaioiidif ciing widely from eeah otter, and in «hs lesetiful harmony of spirit aad feeling winch pcrtades their compositions we ham a> fine «??npl« of that principle of unity in diversity wbiah lies at the foundation, of this Alliance. The advantage* arising from intercourse between Christians belonging to different suctions of the Church are so appatent that they hardly need to be dilated uuun. But perhaps I may be pardoned if in the fewest passible word* I point cut one or two of them. There are bo two Christian men exactly alike in all respects. While agreeing in looking to Jesus Christ alone as the foundation of their hope and in loving him supremely, they may differ widely in the way in which they look at certain truths. One, for example, looks at God's dealings with men mainly from the divine side. He goes back to God's purpose of grace formed from all eternity, aad be looks upen all that has been done in time. The manifestation and death of His Son, the calling of men into His kingdom, their justifi cation, their sa&cti;&c;&tion;, and their ultimate glorification as but aa unfoUing of that eternal purpose ; and hence he steals up tor and dwells chieQy upon, the doc trine of pr*(le?ti?ation. Another Christian looks at the same things principally from the human side. He dwells upon the duty of com plying with the Gospel calls, upon the necessity and importance of faith and its blessed results ; and be stands up chiefly for the doctrine of human responsibility and free will. These two men, both resting on Christaione and loving Htm supremely, are apt to look upon each, other as if they were in a state of antagonism, and per haps through the infirmity of their flesh they fau to give each other credit for sincerity in holding their respective views. Now we believe that both are correct, and that they are looking at the same thing from different sides, each of them seeing only a part of the tenth. If they could onlj- see the whole they would learn to exercise greater forbearance and , charity towards each other. In this imperfect State we cannot expect that all Christians will be able to see eye to eye. Now we see through a glass darkly, and we knev only in part. Beside truth is many-sided, cr. 1 there are par ticular aspects of it which present themselves to different minds according to their particular susceptibilitiefl and habits. You observe this principle illustrated in the case of the Gospel narratives. Four men undertake to give an account of the life and labors of their Lord and Saviour, yet there are peculiarities which dis tinguish each of the four frem all the others. Notice the difference for example between Matthew and John. Matthew's Gospel v a plain cliciunitantial narrative of miracle and parable, with aa account of some of oar Lord's discourses; while John chiefly records those discourses which "went mare deeply into the profound mysteries of the kingdom. Each one records that which had laid hold of his own mind, yet W? find that their narratives taken together give as a consistent account of tha life and labors, the teachings'and the sufferings of oar blessed Lord, and ooi knowledge of Him would fee incomplete if any one of the four were want ing. Now we say that one great advantage to fee .derived from such fellowship as tins Alliance Is '*—frp"?d to afford is that Christferas may learn —to have greater sympathy with each okserVvlew of divine truth, they may get better to vndensand each other's way of looking at «*"«f, and while the particular -view of each : may become aome what modified it will be to the i dended Benefit of all. Rash one may learn to fesl that the view b«ld by his brother is founded , on aome aspect oftxuth Ui which hehimself has not . given sofljcifntrjrominenee.and nisown opinions nay be corrected by comparison with those of the other. It has often been found as a matter «f fact that love in the heart has become light in the intellect. Farther, there are things in ngard to which all Christians may be expected to feel a common interest, things affecting the welfare of tbeir Master's cause; questions at to the best mode of adapting the Church's work: to the special circumstances in which they are placed, questions in which no one denomi nation is specially interested, bat which pertain to thtf-efncieney and prosperity of all. To every man worthy of the name of Ohristain the pros perity of the Savieor's cause as a whole ought to be dearer by far than the interests of the particular section of the Church to which he belongs. It is perfectly compatible in our opinion with a decided attachment to one's own Church to take a generoas outlook upon the-condition of other Churches, and to be ready to suggest to them what may he of ad ran ,tsge to them as well as to ourselves. We pity those Christians whose sympathies are contracted irHfhin the narrow limits of their own eongrega tibaibr party, and who cannot look beyond them selves to the welfare of the general brotherhood. "We have we trust not ax> learned Christ. We cordially welcome as oar brethren all .who love the Lord Jesus. We regard the welfare of all Evangelical Churches as dear to us, and we con sider this Alliance affords as an excellent plat form on which we may meet to confer witheach other on matters touching our commO? interests. Weeoald have wished that during the past we "had attained this object mare fully than we have done. It would, we imagine, bs a benefit to all onr Churches if ministers and office bearers and members were to assemble from time to time to consider whether we are exerting that influence upon the community which we ought to exert, how far the great objects for ' . which the Church exists are being accomplished, what are the hindrances to greater success arising from the state of the community and tram Che state of the Churches, and to pray that the Messing from on high may descend upon us more abundantly. Snch conferences as these, if conducted -wisely and faithfully and affe> tkmately, might be of the greatest 'service to as all, anrl we venture to suggest that henceforth \- they should be held more frequently than they hare been. It may be allowable if before retir ing from the President's chair I venture to My a word or two on the state of religion in this land. I do not hesitate to say that in my opinion the cause of godliness is not in that prosperous condition which we might have hoped and expected. No doubt there is a gratifying amount of active Christian effort. There are few places in the land which ara not abundantly supplied with the ordinances of religion in one form or another. In various de partments the Churches are working zeakmsly to instruct the young, to promote the edification and sanctification of their members,' to gather in file wanderers, and to save the perishing. Yet it may be questioned if with all this zeal and effort there is all the prayerf olness, a& the consecration of spirit which are essential condi tions of success. If one may judge from the at tendance at the prayer-meetings in our respec tive eongeegations and at those of a morj public there is not that enthusiasm in dero tion and that faith in the power of prayer which we hare been privileged to witness e'^o There, and which has sometimes in the past been -wit nessed among ourselves. May there not be a dancer of our engaging in Christian effort in a mechanical sort of way, and not realising suffi ciently onr dependence upon tbe power of the Spirit of God ? We all of coarse hold the doc trine of the necessity of spiritual inline ice in order to true success; but it is one thing to hold the doctrine as a part of oar c-ae l and another thing to have our minds thoroa; Vy imbued with it, so as to give practical e?p-ej cion to it. No matter how perfect our machinery may be we shall in vain look for h'gh and enduring spiritual results unless, realising onr dependence upon tbe agency of the Holy Ghost, we stir ourselves op to call upon God. indeed there is a danger, we often think, of there being too much in the way of machinery among us. We have spoken of the abundant provif ion made in all parts of the colony for the ittatntfnaTicfi of public worship, and we have long thought that such provision is in some instances by far too abundant. In many place i there are two houses of prayer where* one would -vB aulnfliettfc. We know more than one feown aflJp in which there are six or seven places of -worship where three would be ample. The 'effect ex OTercbuTcfamg a small commmuty is, ,-we believs, Injurious to the interests of true sefigfcn. It cattses the services of the sanctuary to be underrahied ; it is aptto awaken af eeling of unhealthy rivalry between the congregations ; it offers eneoaragement to persons to leave one eonpegataon and go to another on insnflmieat afuuuo?, and it cs.fWM some of sbero, if not all, to lead a straggling existence. The effect of ttds state of things uponoar supply of ministers .is most unfavorable. Young-' men of intelligence ami energy can hardly be expected to devote tbenwive* to the work of "tho ministry in any number when they observe thai they most : tay their account not only with an exceedingly : lis&ed; income, bat also wish a continual afragle to maintain their ground1 in the midst 'of dettV? competitors. And why should Hbe so when then are such earnest cafls being ad dressed to the Churches to send men to the heathen field? We verily believe the interests .of teKgten would not suffer, bat on tneeoatniy would be greatly promoted, if a considerable proportion of the places of worship m over ;sjhutened-disl/icts wev?closeaLand the men who navfc"tb struggle anudaxeat fflseonragement to fl^j represent were set at liberty to go to other ncldVwnen they aw more needed, and where it mayite Christ fa not preached at aIL It is of eomM very dt?eaft where Churches already artist 4o find a randy; uus id wanting new caases It would be well that the different reli gfaaa bodies should took on the things of others tas^rtfi as tbeir own, and should exercise suf- M«t jjf-iestramt, and sufficient love for OhxMteessse in the widest sense to lead them to decide ask to establish a new cause when other Ohunhei are already in possession of the field, and an working it to the bettof their ability. Due allowance mast of course be made for those religious bodies which feel that the particular views cf truth they represent are of snch importance that all other considerations must give way to tbeir loyalty to the truth; but where there is little difference in dootrin and mode of working between Churches it would be an economy of men and means, would save much unpleasant feeling, and would in many ways help to strengthen the cause of religion, if two or more congregations wow not estab lished where one would sttftwe. Revertug to the state of relifnou amonj as, we repeat our conviction that it is very far from being in that prosperous condition which we could desire. There is • lack ot that interest in meetings for devotion and for practical Christian work which one would expect in a healthier state of the Church. The ?"i?"h?T of laborers who will en dure self-denial in doing Christian rode is very limited. The claims of business arc engrossing; the competition in trade is keen; the attractions of pleasure are numerous and powerful. We have been blessed for a considerable time with • large amount of prosperity,and it is only very recently that the community has began to ex perience etr&itncss.; It is to be feared vhat material comfort and luxury have told inju riously upon the spiritual life of many, that we have left the simplicity of an earlier period and are now n>ore taken up with varied forms of pleasure and luxury. There is one evil to which we must refer in passing —an evil which we fear has for some time been on the increase. We mean the habit of luxurious drinking. We do not speak of drunkennes*,bat of the free and frequent use of strong drink. We do not here advocate the principle of entire abstinence from wine, but we do say that it is an unsafe tiling for any man t) get into the habit of frequently partaking of strong drink daring the coarse of the day, and of closing its labors with a heavy dinner, accom? panied by a liberal supply of wine. We speak cot now of the injury which such habits inflict upon the physical health, but we maintain that they must operate injuriously noon one's per ception* of truth and duty and with the spirit of devotion and Christian seal. S-lf-denial is essential to the vitality of the C .ristian life and to earnestness and energy in tie service of our Lord. "We need to watch con tin ually—to watch onto prayer*—if we would maintain anything like spirituality of mind and achieve any great ruefulness in our day- and gene ration. There are grand possibilities open to us; we have the grand old Gospel to proclaim—old yet ever new in its saving efficiency—a Gospel perfectly, divinely adopted to the wants of the human tool. We have the promise of power from on high to make the message of the Gospel effectual for the prodnciion of the highest spiritual results. We ought for the sake of others as well as for oar own sake* to arise and put on strength to shake off everything that impairs oar spiritual energy, and to go forth smew to earnest work in the strength of our divine Lora*. There is much work to be done. Various forms of evil are rife among us. Irre ligion, ungodliness, wickedness abound on every band. There are muititadss who are lovers of pleasure more thin lovers of God. Worldnness is creeping in open the Church. It waoM be a most health . fax thing for our own spiritual life, if with en thusiasm and energy we were each, in his own sphere to consider how. we may best serve em fellows and advance tee cause of oar Master. The best corrective to the spirit of ■elf-mdul :genee which is apt to %at out tbe vitality of the spiritual life is to take an interest in others, and with wisdom, patience, and energy to labor for their good. Oar opportunities for labor are gradually being abridged. Our day is fast passing away, and we do well to work as under the shadow of an impending night. Toe work may be taDsome, and may often have to be carried on amid many discouragements, bat if we are faithful to our Lord we shall receive a va*t overpayment, when with His own gracious voice He shall say to us "Well done, good ati i faithful servants, enter into the joy of your Lord." The SECBETAsr to the Alliance (the Bey. J. Mc?win) read the annual report as folio are:— ** The history of the Alliance during the past year has not been characterised by any public movement such as has marked it in times past. Nevertheless the Bociety has done a quiet work, and has justified its existence. The recent visit; of Mr. Henry Verity, and the long secies of evangelistic services which were then held, aad the subsequent prayer-meetings which w.-re maintained ontil nearly the middle of last Bum mer, and recently the visit and work of Pastor Cbiniquy, have made it unnecessary that the AHi?nf«rfiniiH arrange for any p~cbUe service* of an evangelistic character. And, farther, the Young Men's Christian Association, which daring the past year has been so successfully established in Adelaide, will, we should hope, so effectually discharge this branch of service that further arrangements of this character on the part of the Alliance will not. be -needed. The annual, meeting* of last year were held in Pirie-street .Lecture Hall, on the 15th of Jply.: The retiring President (the Bey. 8. Knight) delived an address on the social and religious condition of the city, after which the Bey. 3. Lyall wm installed as President. The reports far the year were read, officers and Committee were appointed, and>ddre?ses were delivered by the Beys. B. M. Hnnter and J. C. at,>>ftrjnK.i The United Communion Service was held in Chalmers Church on 17th July. The Bey. 3. Lyall, the President, presided, and an address wm delivered by Mr. H. Varley. Owing to the wet evening the attendance wm not large. . The Committee suggested to the Churches, that Sunday, 10th February, should be observed as a day of thanks giving for the harvest, which was complied with very generally throughout the country. In consequence of tie long-continued drought and the suffering ranwfld *by tho scarcity of water in maay parts of the colony, the Alliance invited the Churches to unite on Sanday and Monday, 37 th and 28fh April, in prayer for rain. Ills not without significance that on Saturday, the 26th, rain fell, and on Monday, 28th, and following days there was a copious downpour, completely breaking op the drought and saving the country. There is still work for the Alliance to accomplish as a rallying centre for the Churches and as a medium of union and intercourse between the ministers and people of the different denominations.'' The financial statement, as read by the Trea surer (Mr. J. 3. Stookey, MA ), showed a credit balance of £15165. 5dZ, including a balance in the Savings Bank from hut year of £8 17s. 3d. The Bey. B. S. Casbly moved that the f ol- ' lowing gentlemen be the office bearers and Committee for the ensuing year:—Preside-it, Bey. H. 3. Lambert; Secretary, Bey. John | Hc?win; Treasurer, J. J. Stuckev, M.A.; C>m mittee, Beys. J Lyall. S. Knight, LOO trter 3\. Henderson. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., D Pat>n. XA, 8.D., Themas Lloyd, M. 3. Birks. 0 H. i Goldsmith, B. M. Hunter, O. Copland, J. G. Wright, B. 8. Casely, J. Foster. H. Morgan Messrs. G. Hanee, T. W. Harris, T. S. Carey. A. O. Chambers, and B. Berry, with power to add to their number. Mr. Oasely referred in complimentary terras to the practical address that had been delivered by the President, an 1 ehterved that he wm of opinion that : the Alliance should become even more representative in its character than it was at present by the admission of gentlemen from country Churches, such as from Giwler and Espunda and other towns. It wm well that the. caoses of spiritual weakness in the Churches should be laid bare, as had been done in the' address. Oae great object contemplated by the Alliance wm the promotion of a healthy Christian senti ment in the community. As Christians they bad not yet advanced so far that they could discard ««■«>*■«««>"*, aad if the Alliance fulfilled no other object its existence wm justifiable on this ground. Mr. Oasely referred at length to the various causes that were anting prejudi cially sgai&st; church life, and dealt more par ticularly with the prevalence of Sanday pleasure-seeking, although he was of opinion that a latitude wm allowable in what was oalted Sabbath observance. The Bey. J. Hexdbrsox seconded the motion, end after describing the objects for which the Alliance existed, expressed the hope that it weald not allow itself to be poshed aside by ■any organisation that might spring up collateral with it. The motion wm carried. The CHATEjeur for the ensuing year, the Bey. I J.H. Lambert, then took the presidential chair, and tanked tie meeting aad the members of the Alliance for placing him in that position. He briefly referred to the various divisions into which the Christian Church wm divided, and characterised that state of things M being especially favorable for Ilia development ana performance of the varioMobUgstions laid on the Church by its great Head. TPbey were ell brethren, and in their Ofcnreh differeoees there WMonit? jn divergence, a* they were banded together for mutual hew aad sympathy. The need of this unity was beosmiag increasingly manifest, mon au sides the Chuteh wm being assailed by foes—on one hand by infidelity in all its insidious fonni, and on the other by that Obuseh which pi of eased to be boat op on the t^^m&m; at Christ and the Apostles, bat which really wm only an edifice of "hay and stubble," and substituted the commandments of men for the word of God. With the importance of their work weighing upon them they should be up and doing, and tut wasting tuna in idle disputations. Tha benediction brought the meeting to a close. 