as well as three others of the band. ON DOCTORS. Doctors are men with eye-glasses, and black ooatt, and shiny hats, and bends in their hacks. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a alow deliberate way. They love the society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. Tbey drink cold water when tbey rise in the morning for their health, and put oil on their hair for the good of trade. A man once told me that no one ever yet saw tho ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around bis ghost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face torespectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all of the other ghosts, anl ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When doctors come into a parlor or drawingroom they btow, and rub one hand over unotber, and tmUe, and bend over you, and ask in a whispor,« How ate we gbtttog ou V Then they walk over to tho chimney glass, and arrange their acarfr and hair, and the folds of their shirts; after this they turn their backs to tho glass, and, having stretched out their arms to tho full length, twist their Wristbands a little, and smooth the back of on6 band with the palm of the other. All thU makes them cool and collected, and prevents Oiem from looking within ten years of their teal igo. When doctors come into t bedroom, they smile and talk about the weather and the price of muttou. Then they look oat of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lanoers, and If there Is any truth in th* rumor that hit eldest ton has given up his wild habits, and is attending to his profession. After thls tbey walkoyertothesiok pewon and any, "Well, w gm have penuadedyourselr that you are not well. ^oWj letuTsee—let us seeT" . , tfhen they oateh hold of ths person's hand, and take out * huge cold wtttthj suid look as if thsy jrore going to UM^TAftirAwhiiithiy with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as it they were waking; then look up at the ceiling, and look down at the ground, aud make figures with toe toes of their boots on tho carpet. After this they enquire how often the sick person has asked what o clock it was during the past week, and if ne bad been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, they request the sick person to person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if ho has] been using terms of affection in connection with the name of his mother- inlaw, or with the Commune, or with the incometax, or if he has in auy other way exhibited decided symptoms of a waudering or enleebled mind. Upon being answered, they say"H'in" again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlor or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, rind whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall Bee any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badlyspelled words, and draw three-legged stools, and frying-pans, and regiments of soldiers, aud other childish figuresupon it. and request to have this sent to the apothecary s. When the apothecary sees this he saya "Oh, bother 1" and places it on a file. He then takes a bottle parraffin oil, and, having put a pinch ot salt and a little nutmeg into it sends it home to the sick man.— Emanuel Ktnk 