SYDNEY. [From our own Correspondent.] Archbishop Vaughan is continuing in a series of pastorals the work begun by him and his brother Bishops of forming the Roman Catholic hierarchy in this colony in their joint pastoral, and it is curious to note his views on a subject about which he ought to be able to speak with such authority. His Grace's educational attainments are unimpeachable. He has from time to time given evidence in his speeches and lectures on various sub j ed to of being possessed of a highly cultivated mind and an elevated taste, and he is therefore in a position to know the value of scholarly attainments, which give any man a better chance of rising in the world than he could otherwise have. But from the last pastoral it appears that education, except under certain circumstances, is an evil; that ignorance is to be preferred to knowlege, unless that knowledge be interspersed with information of a religious kind, namely, the Roman Catholic faith. This is a new doctrine for politicians to profit by. The spending of large sums in educating the youthful population of the State, is held to be much more economical than allowing them to grow up in ignorance and develop into adult criminals. But the Archbishop argues that this is a mistake that mere knowledge, without the religious element, must make children grow up worse men and women than they would were they left in utter illiteracy. Knowledge may be power ; but without the Catholic religion it is power for evil and not for good. Therefore let us have ignorance. The conclusion of the whole matter is this. All who are not educated as Roman Catholics are worse than white savages. Their knowledge only tends to the propogation of vice, and the world would of course be the victim, if all people not professing the Archbishop's faith and educated in it were cleared off by some mighty pestilence or any other scourge that deals out wholesale destruction. I Tasmania may well be proud of the fine figure she presents at the Garden Palace. Her beautiful trophy of tin is attracting the attention and admira- tion it merits, and, with the other mineral exhibits, gives proof that the tight little island commands rich resources of wealth, which will, ere long, secure to her large increase of prosperity. With regard to auriferous treasure, the "golden fleece, so pre-eminently the boast of Tasmanian books, may stand in good stead of the precious metal, for it has bestowed fortunes on its possessors more reliable and secure than the leaders of the precious metal realised. At our great show the sheep from your colony are creating quire a furore. Judges of the merits of the bovine family, pronounce the animals sent by James Gibson and D. Taylor to be par excellence, and have been awarded the first prizes. French sheep muster in great strength, and are recommended for a special prize. The varied and beautiful specimens of wood, also contributed by the colony, SO favoured in nature's richest productions, recall pleasing recollections of her forests, where the wattle, laden with its fragrant blossoms, and other noble flower bearing trees, filled the morning air with sweet perfume. Distance may lend enchantment to the retrospective view, but fond memory invests the wild scenery of Tasmania with charmS unrivalled by her sisters of this hemisphere. However, if patriotism misleads upon this subject, a painting by Mr Robert Dowling-your distinguished artist representing a wild woodland scene, wherein the aborigines figure conspicuously, will give a good sample of what the picturesque isle may rely boast in the way of natural beauty. This picture occupies a suitable position among other productions of the brush, and has elicited universal admiration. Some pen and ink sketches by ladies, also natives of Tasmania, are attracting considerable notice, and have received highly complimentary criticisms, even from those who have no culture in the art that doth im- moralise., , Yet these classes of critics, > though the most unoomprorairiog u these strictures, are quite unconscious of the ridicule they excite while they fancy they are showing themselves wonderfully clever. They rush where angels fear to tread, and it is quite amusing to note the blunders they make in their dogmatic judgments. There is among other exhibits a very good picture of the celebrated John Gilpin, representing him at that juncture when hat and wig have gone, and his cloak is flying out with the wind, while "The dogs they bark and the children scream. ... He runs a receives for a thousand pounds." Two workmen stood gazing earnestly at this funny painting, when the one asked the other, who the chap was in such a mighty hurry. " Why, you fool, don't you know that much was the confident reply of Sir Oracle, his friend, " Why, that's Jesus Christ riding into Jerusalem." Marble statuary is still being unpacked, and when all these triumphs of the sculptor's genius are arranged, the Garden Palace will display a magnificent collection of gods, goddesses, and other mythical characters, who boast faultless features and symmetric forms. Venus catching her mischief loving son is a splendid specimen of sculpture, and of a lovely woman and her equally lovely boy. If such beings could but be endowed with life, we should imagine that they were angelic visitants. Among the figures in composition, which are on a similar scale, though remarkably life-like, there are two representing a couple of jolly clerical. The one is telling, while the other is enjoying, a most racy joke, for the fat sides of the listener are evidently shaking, his head is thrown back, and his mouth is open and altogether, a more perfect representative of an individual indulging in hearty and most enjoyable laugh cannot be imagined. Although Punch and Judy have not yet appeared upon the grounds around the Exhibition, a show almost as amusing and edifying is going on. This consists of Fijians attired most fantastically. Their hair, which is one of the distinguishing beauties of these interesting people, is, by the aid of grease and lard, made to pile into a pyramid nearly half a mile high. This hirsute adornment has the double advantage of being useful as well as beautiful for while it ornaments, emits a stench that is strong enough to knock a body down. The performance of these heathen represents a cannibal feast followed by war dances. Of course the actors in this sensational entertainment are not heathen, or devourers of human flesh, but Christians trying to turn an honest penny. This they are doing, for the charge of admission is a shilling, and few persons grudge this for having their flesh made to creep for a whole hour. The leading actor in this delightful play kindly informs his audience that though he is very fond of a joint of a fellow creature, his favourite dish is a slice of a young boy, cause him very tender." Happily this Fijian show contains something better than these horrid representations thus one would think converted natives would be glad to let die in oblivion. Curiosities, plants, and ferns, are also to be examined and admired for your shilling. All the islands of the Pacific have contributed to the collection of beautiful shells, war instruments, and peace utensils, to be found among the interesting productions of these lands of the darkies. The ferns are specially beautiful. Their variety may be judged when it is stated that ten different kinds were all found together in one lovely dell, like children of an united family. The outlaw Ned Kelly, and his fellow marauders, still elude the scrutiny of the police. It was falsely reported that Ned had made his escape from the colony by the last trip of the Chimborazo, but the rumour was founded on the fact of one of this vessel's steerage passengers bearing a strong resemblance to the notorious outlaw, and that this said highly complimented personage seemed to avoid the notice of the ship's company, fore and aft. It is, however, satisfactory to know that the Lancefield bank robbers are captured. The party were but bungling imitators of the Kelly gang. As usual Sydney is well supplied with amusements. You pays your money, and you takes your choice, for there is a rich provision for every taste. Theatre goers are being regaled with an ephemeral burlesque on Scott's immortal poem, the Lady of the Lake. With regard to this entertainment, it is rather too tame and childish to delight any but very simple-minded people, whose opportunities in the play visiting line are very limited. Professor Pepper's ghosts are the most wonderful performances ever witnessed in our city. The metempsychosis he produces are marvellous, and the past his illusions could play in the scenes of a drama where the supernatural is introduced would be a valuable acquisition. Some ladies who love " brave sailor laddies " are getting up a testimonial for a Jack Tar who risked his life to secure a boat race for the ship of war, to whose crew he belongs. The racers in whom he was deeply interested, broke one of their oars, and would, in consequence, undoubtedly have lost the race but for their champion comrade jumping into the sea, and before two two's, supplying them with the missing implement so necessary to the victory, which was ultimately obtained. The fair who watched this daring feat, that risked a devour- ing by sharks or being crushed to death between two crafts, so admired the plucky action, that they are desirous of testifying the same in a tangible form. Some gallants, who have more prudence than bravery, think poor blue jackets exploit ought to be reprimanded as foolhardiness, rather than rewarded as heroic dauntless courage 