ITEMS OP NEWS. Mr D'Arcy Read repeated his exhibition of ghosts at the Orderly-room last night to a still larger audience than he had on the preceding evening. This was just what was to be ex pected, after the favourable impression he made on the bewildered, astonished, and amused spec tators who attended the first night and told their friends of how they were diverted and pleased. The Christy Minstrels opened the programme, and their refrains were again taken up by those white-dressed, comical-looking ghostly gentle men, who somehow or another dropped into tho places in a mysterious and uncanny way of their black brethren, but these amiable and funny gentlemen showed they Had fight iii' them by having a set-to with tho darkies, which occa sioned lots of merriment. The Parse'e and his wife looking for each other, next told their sor rows and suspicions, and substance and shadow melted away and appeared in turn in a very per plexing way. There is certainly great credit duo- to Mr Read for the management of these effects, which arc so beautiful and illusory. In the Haunted House, which concluded tlio pro gramme,. Mdlle. Carina, in dancing the caeiiuca, rather alarmed the audience at tlio imminent danger to which she seemed exposed by a load of fire dancing around her light drapery. The fire- ball, however, was but orie of those optical delusions which, though seemingly near, was far away. The conclusion of the programme, where tho ghosts and bodies were seen floating about the air and clambering up the wall, or revolving in circles from floor to ceiling, again created im- mfinsf rriorrimcmfc ancl «urprt<<r. Wo \to glad to notice that- Mr Read i3 to give an afternoon per formance for the indulgence' of school children and people from the country, who will have but this one opportunity of witnessing his scientific optical exhibition. The delight with which the young will behold it may be conceived, and the impression which it will mako upon their young minds will bo lasting. To-night there will be a change of performance, and after its conclusion Mr Read will take his farewell of Castlemaine, which lie will recollect hereafter for the enthu siastic audiences which assembled to patronise his sensational exhibition. To-night's enter tainment will include the beautiful spectral' romance, as exhibited by Professor Pepper at tho Polytechnic, London, entitled Temptation, or the Knight watching his Armour ; followed by another very wonderful optical illusion, the Chinese Pliantom Dancers, and will conclude with the popular Haunted House. Tho Rev. Thomas Williams will preach at Campbell's Creek Wesleyan Church to-morrow evening, a funeral sermon on the late Miss BoilUett.;' Km.; :,/ Tho Congregational Church will liave asaleof gifts in a fortnight hence, consisting of useful articles for family households. It is to be opened by the >Hon. J. B. Patterson. -' Two'liundred pounds were eolleoted after the races were over, on the Melbourne Racecourse, on Thursday, for the family of the jockey Boyd, wlio was killed in the hurdle race. - Messrs Pratt, Hayes and Co. , who have pur chased the flour mill formerly owned by Messrs Murray and Christie, intimate that they are now ready for doing business. Mr Taylor, P.M., intimated yesterday that in future tlio Police Court will bo opened every riiorriing at 10 o'clock. Irregular hours have beon kept on all days except Tuesday and Fri day, when the hour of 10 has been punctually kept. A match will take place between the North Mucklefoi'd and Nowstead Cricket Clubs to-day, on tho ground of the former. Tho following will represent the respective teams : — Newstead — Bishop (captain), Sinclair, Green (2), Ramsey, Dawson, Jack, Woodman, Southcombo, Wylic, and Blair. North Muckleford — Jones, Smoad, Talbot (2), Clark, Doidge, Reeves (2), May, Francis, and Butcher. About a scoro of parents wero summoned to tho Polico Court yesterday for not sending their children to school for thirty days during the quarter ending' 31st December. They had gonerally but very paltry excuses to account for , their neglect, but when they shifted the blame from their own shoulders tlioy put it on to those of their children, who wore represented as play ing tho truant without tho knowledge of their mentors. In no case did any parent escape a fine. A meeting of the North and West Riding of the Metcalfe Board of Advico was held at Har court school oil Wednesday evening. Tho mom- ' boi'3 present were Messrs West, Warren, Symes, and Oliver. The following resolutions wero adopted : — "That Mr Potts having absented him self for four oonsueutivo meetings from the board, after having beon duly informed, his seat be declared vacant ; and that the correspondent ask the Minister of Public Instruction to in struct the returning-oflicer to elect a new mem ber to fill the vacant seat." " That the corres pondent advert iso in the M. A. Mail a meeting will bo held in tlio Barker's Creek school on Wednesday, March 12th, at half-past 7 p.m.; and that the parents of children be requested to attend the meeting." Tlio board expressed tliomsolves dissatisfied with tho department for delaying the appointment of a teacher to Faraday school, in place of Mr Sinnott, ho having re signed his position as teacher, whereby tho ticliool is closed. They also thought it discour teous to the inhabitants, as well as the board, which has repeatedly written on this subject, to havo tho school repaired, and yet nothing has boon done. Eight thousand threo hundred arid sbvcritV- j sii ounces of gold wero shipped at Groymoiilh | for Melbourne on Thursday. 1 The Franklinford Gold Mining Go's Claim lias boon let on tribute to Inglcdow and Honey for twelve months. The tributors aro to pay 00 per ceiit. of the gross yield of gold, tlio Company to boar the expenses of machinery. The Oriental Mining Company, Stawell, has, so tlio Pleasant Creek News is informed, been served with a writ, claiming L1000 damages, in the case of one of the workmen injured by ah accident that occurred at the claim some months ago. i Mr William Carmichael, second officer of the ship Loch Ness, which arrived last Friday, and brother of Miss Eva Carmichael, tho only sur- (! vivor but ono of the wreck of tho Loch Ard, do- j. sires us, Argus, to say that lie received a letter from his sister by the mail last Saturday, and ' that at tho trine of writing she was in perfect , health. He also desires to express his thanks for the kindness his sister received in this colony. A South Australian paper states that there will be a great falling ofl'in the yield of tho Northern vineyards this season. The fruit is unusually . small, owing to tho want of moisture. Some | varieties of vines in exposed situations have suf- , fercd very much, and the grapes will scarcely be : worth culling. In low ground, whore the sub- , soil is good and whero tho vines have been woll j attended to, tho prospects are favorable, consider- r ing tho dry season. . j Foxes, says the Geelong Advertiser, are be- I coming very numerous at the beach on tho north i shore, where tliey were first acclimatised. Rab- I biters often find ono of tho vermin in a trap in j place of tho expected bunny. Ill the rpeks arid | caves in the You Yungs tlioy have also taken up j their quarters and arc constantly seeii prowling! about. They aro also extending their territory, ! one having lately been seen at Birregurra. These j animals bid fair to be as great a pest as tho l'ab- bit or hare. Fox-hunting may be all very woll in tlio tight little island whore they can bo kept within bounds, but they will prove a groat nui sance in this country, which at present is too large for them. Tho dead body of a man named Lcepor, who had beeri working in this town for the past few weeks, states the "Wijcannia Times) as, a barber, was .found in the bush ou the Culpaulin station on Friday week last. Deceased had been drink ing heavily for some time past. On Tuesday week he started to walk to Wentworth. Loeper was a man of from forty to forty-five years of age, and we havo been informed used to havo a hairdresser's business in Deniliquin. It is sup posed that tho heat, combined with the effects of drink, caused his death. We aro not aware of any friends of the deceased being in the colony. Lceper was a German, but spoke fair English. We believe we are right in stating that Mrs Lceper was, about two years and a half ago, em ployed as milliner and dressmaker in a drapery establishment in Corowa. The Minister of Education in his last annual report to Parliament commonted upon tlio num ber of teachers in the employment of tho depart ment who" were unclassified, and stated his inten tions of removing from the service all unolassified teachers who failed to obtain classification at tlie teachers examination in December last. The ex amination was, as might be expected under the circumstances, largely attended and tho examiners have been hard at work since in compiling the re sults. The papers (says the Argus) have now been all examined, a schedule of tho failures will be ready for submission to the Minister in about a week. Every unclassified teacher in the colony was summoned to attorid the examination,- but a number failed to do so, the excuse given in most cases boing ill-health. There is little doubt that unless some special reasons are shown for lenient treatment in individual cases, Major Smith will carry out his threat of dispen sing with the services of those teachers who have shown themselves incapable of passing tho easy examination papers provided for tho lowest classification-itliat of a licence to teach. — Tfio policy of tho department is to weed out as far as possible inefficient or insufficiently-educated teachers, for there aro at present some 200 first- class pupil teachers who are eligible for and awaiting appointments as head teachers or as sistants, besides over 300 applicants for employ ment., either licensed or partially classified. " Evidence accumulates (writes the Camper- down Chronicle of tho 4th inst.) of the wretched impolicy of throwing open the Cape Otway forest to selection. We inserted in our last issuo a letter from Thomas Hewitt, showing how ho was driven out of it, and compelled to select in this district some time ago. Again, ono of tho Colao papers has gone to much trouble in collecting the statistics of selection and settlement on the borders of the forest, from which we glean the following : — In the Apollo Bay direction, Mr Peter Telford, Mr J. Elder, Mr.Conn, Constable Finlayson, Mr J. Milne, Mr Mansell, Mr E. R. Kersall, Mr J. Maguin, and Mr D. Maguin took up 100 acres each a year and more ago, but have neither been able to fence it, nor to clear more than three to four acres each, and havo beon impoverished by it. Another long list of the names of persons who havo selected in the Apollo Bay district is given, and they all appear to bo in tlio same condition, tlioso who' had money having thrown it away, and those who had none having been reduced to starvation1 point. The throwing open of this forest, in ract, will simply bo used as a decoy duck for rob bing tho selectors of their money, and putting it into tho pockets of Government hunger son,1 who show them wlicro to select, and into the Treasury, in tlie shape of surrey fees. However; to he fore-warned is to be forearmed, and if selec tors do not take the warning they will havo no body elso to thank for their losses." Some time ago tlio blacks near Cooktown made a wanton attack upon Messrs Hartley and Sykcs, for which prompt punishment has been moted out to them. Sub-inspector O'Connor, with six troopers, states tlio Rockhamptoii Bulletin, crossed the harbor in a boat at night, and by moonlight picked up the tracks of tho blacks. Tho latter, however, discerned the ap proach of the troopers, and retreated across the range to tho ocean beach. Tho inspector then divided his forces, and with ono party made a detour in tho direction of Capo Bedford, and by Sunday morning had hummed tlio blacks within a narrow gorge, of wliioli both outlets wero secured by the troopers. There wero twenty-eight men and thirteen gins thus en closed, of whom none of tho former escaped. Twenty-four wore shot down on the beach, and four swam out to sea. Tlio Inspector and liis men then sat down on tho beach and waited for the swimmers to return, hut without success, and as after soveral hours they wero lost sight of, it is conjectured they wero drowned. Ono woman also swam out from the land, and after remaining four hours in tho water was captured by tho trooper, who wont in after her. Tiie mori limited up tho remainder of the gins, arid hav ing found a meerschaum pipe arid tomahawk in tlioir possession belonging to Mr Hartley, tho inspootor was satisfied ho had not killed innocent people. This was explained to the lubras, and tlie' wero then permitted to go away. Pride of Birth. — A prouder lineage few men could bo conscious of than the Somersets ami Seymours, who wero of tho same stock ; and a prouder man was never seen in England thari tlio Duke of Somerset of two centuries ago — who had tho highways cleared boforo " him, that lie mioht not bo looked on by vulgar oyos, and who rebuked his second wife for tapping his shoulder with her fan, saying — "Madam, my first wifo was a Percy, and she never took suchalibertj'." An Englishman travelling in Galway saw a pi« iiv a peasant's house, and said, ' Why do you havo the pig in here !', ' Shuro,' said ho of Gal way, ' the house lias all tho convanyanoos that a raisouivWo pig requoires. ' 