DISQUALIFIED FOE TWELVE MONTHS ! To the Editor. Sib, — Tlie finding of the committee who investigated the conduct of A. Battye, the rider of Black Swan, as reported in the Evenikg News of this day, as fol lows : — ' A committee meeting of the A.J.C. was held on the course, previous to the first race, to consider tlie conduct of the lockey A. Battye, the rider of Black Swan, in the Squatters' Handicap, in which race be was charged with having tried to pnll the rider of Moonbeam out of the saddle, thereby causing her to fall against the rails and break one of her stifles se badly that it is doubtful whether she will ever race again. It was also argued that the accident which caused Jasper's death was the result of Battye's foul riding. The committee, after a careful hearing and mature deliberation, found that Battye was guilty of foal riding, and that he indirectly caused the death of Jasper, and dis qualified him for ever ridiag again for a period of 12 months.' The attempt to pnll a boy ont of the saddle while rosing, thereby endangering his life, aid by such an a«t causing permanent injury to one racehorse and total loss of anothor noble and valuable animal, scorns to be of small moment when Mr. Battythas been only disqualified for 12 months for this feat in horsemau ship. Were it not for the candour of your spurting reporter the pnblio generally would not buve hoard a word about this matter. It wan not referred to in the Hriuld that I could see. Why a matter of such importance should be omitted I cannot t-e1! ; the Daily TelkouaI1!! referred to it in a short para graph, burin a very enrsory maauer. Tho foul riding of Battye being^ proved; supposing the boy riding Moonbeam was killed, instead of the horse being injured, or the rider of Jaspor killed, in stead of the horee, what wonld have been Mr. Battye's position ? Is it a trifling mutter to endanger tho life of a lad . or if the life of a jockey-boy be held «o cheap, in it of such small consequence that a aoble an mini's lifo should be sacrificed, a»d a man- property be mined by any fellow who wished to ride foully ? I think, as this matter has been so far proved, it is the duty of tbe authorities outside of tbe Australian Jockey Club committee to see after such condoct for the protection of the publi* at larire, and for the furtherance of legitimate sport. — Yonrs truly, Sydney, September 8. JASPEE'S GHOST. 