Source of Personal Beauty. A beautiful person is tlio natural form of a beautiful soul. Tlio mind builds its own house. Tho soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes tho body to its own like ness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of the fiiirost face. Asonsual.disposition deforms the handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts the best looks. A moon, grovelling spirit takes all the dignity out of the figure and all the character out of the countenance. A cherished hatred transforms the most beautiful linea ments into an -image of ugliness.. It is as impossible to preserve goodlooks with abrood of bad passions feeding on the blood, a set of low loves tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit ontlironed in tho will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegant mansion with a litter of swine in the base ment, a tribe of gipsies iu the parlour and owls and vultures in tho upper part. Badness and beauty will no more keep com pany a great while than will consort with health, or an elegant carving survive tho furnace fire. The experiment of putting them together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvarying result. Thore is no sculptor liko the mind. There is nothing that so refines, polishes and ennobles face and miea as the constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives in the region of ideas, moon-beams though they b&, becomes idealised. There aro no arts, no gymnastics, no cosmetics which can con tribute a tithe so much of tho dignity, the strength, the ennobling of a man's looks, as a grout purpose, a high determination, a nobleprinciple, an jmquonchablo enthusiasm. But more powerful still than any of these as a beautifier of the person is the overmaster ing purpose and pervading disposition of kindness in tlie heart. Affection is the organising force in the- human- constitution. Woman is fairer than man because she has moro affcction than man. Loveliness is tho outside of love. Kindness, sweetness, good will, a prevailing dosire and determination to mako others happy, make tho body a temple of tho Holy Ghost. The sottl that is full of pure and generous affections, fashions the features into its own angelic likeneso, as the roso, by inherent impulso, grows in grace and blossoms into loveliness which art can not equal. There is nothing on earth which so quickly transfigures a personality, refines, exalts, irradiates. with heaven's own. impress of loveliness, as a pervading, prevailing kindness of heart. 1 The angols are beauti ful because they are good, and God is beauti ful because- He is love. — ' Christian Globe.' Limiting Number of Public-Houses'. — A deputation waited upon tho Colonial Sec retary yesterday, to request tlie Government to bring in a bill suspending the further granting of licenses to public-houses. Sir Henry Parkes said the length of the session prevented tho Government from dealing with tho quostion immediately, and that the sub ject of amending the licousing law woidd bo dealt with in a comprehensive measure, which would be one of the first bills to be considered noxt session.— ' Herald. Sentenced to Death. — Tlio Executive Council have (locidod that tho law shall take its course in tho casos of throo Criminals con demned to doatli recently for riipo. Two of tho condomncd — Alexandor- Motcclf and Charles E. Wilkinson — ono of thom 16 or 17 years of ago, and tho othor 21 — woro found guilty at tho lato Buthurst Assizes for rapo upon a young girl at Sodwalls; and tho third is tin aboriginal callod Alfi'bil, convicted at Mudgee of rapo upon an old woman. Tho cases wero considered at two moctings of tho Executivo Council on Monday, and again on Wednesday. The executions will tako placo on tho 10th June. — ' Horald.' Tiie Bonnie Dundee Disaster. — Tlie gonoral sittings of tho Central Criminal Court on Tuesday, boforo his Honor Sir William Manning, the only case dealt with was that of Thomas' Crawford, chief mato of the steamship Bonnie Dundee, who was ehargod with manslaughter. It will be remembered that, on the 10th of March, tho Bonnie Dundee was sunk on her way to tlio Manning Kivor by colliding with the Barra bool, and that soveral livos woro lost on tho samo occasion. Tho prisonor was charged with having, by his negligence caused tho death of Mrs. Sarah Brown. Tho prosecu- tion was intendod to show that, in conse- quonce of orders given by him, the Bonnie Dundee was steered in such a manner that a collission with tho othor steamer was inevitable. Tho jury roturned a vordict of ' not guilty.' — ' Herald.' Another Australian Cricketing Team for England. — Wo understand that Mr. Drivor has successfully carried out his nego tiations in regard to tho formation of a new Australian team for England, which will con sist of tho following players, namely, Murdoch, Massie, Evans, Spoffortli, Garrett, Horan, Blackham, Boyle, Alexandor, and tho brothers Bannorman. It will thus bo soon that Now South Wales is represented by soven of her best players, wliilo Victoria contributes four. It is just possiblo, how over, that Palmer, a promising young bowlor hailing from tho sister colony, will be placed in tho elovon, as Evans, wo regret to hear, is a doubtful startor, owing to his well-known antipathy to a long sea voyage. Should Evans definitely consent to go' homo, tlio cnoico or tweittii man will Jio botweon Palmor, Powell, Moses,' nnd Bayloy — tho advisability of including tlie lattor gontlo manhavingbeonsuggostod recently. Bayloy, I although at presont located in the South ern district, was well known in' the motro : polis lust year as a member of tho Albert | club. Ho possesses sterling qualities as a i batsman, and is also a splondid field and not a bad chango bowler. Powell lias equally strong claims to consideration ; and if a selection of ono or^ the other had,tp..bp..mado it would bo liard to say which ought, to take priority. Palinor, howovor, seems to liavo best chanco of going with tho team, as he is reprosontod to bo in first-class bowling form. —'Horald.' A Short Road to Wealth. — ' Is thoro any porson iu this offico who wants to mako himsolf a millionaire, ft bloated landowner in loss than six months,' said a little red nosod man, putting his head inside the offico door ono morning. ' If so, by taking good stock of what I say, I'll put him right— dead open and shut — givo you tho whole business for six bits — satisfaction guaranteed or tho money returned.' Now, every membor of tho staff of this chaste family journal appears by a singular coincidence, to be indepen dently rich, but out of more curiosity they chipped in_ ond made up tho required amount, which the near relative of Colonel Sollors carefully buttoned into his hip pocket. ' You soe,' ho wont on to explain, 'last Tuosday Congress passed a law to put an end to Chinese immigration.' 'Yes, prohibiting- the carrying of more than 15 Mongolians by any one vessel — well?' ' Woll, you see,' and theman with the pink prow abstractedly laid his hand on the door knob, 'my scheme is to organise a Hong Kong and San Francisco Steam-tug Com pany. Each tug to tow say 200 small boats, containing 15 Chinese and a cook a-pioce. You seo that would just get round tho law, and at tho samo ? ' but ho dashed! outside and escaped beforo the broadside of ink stands and scissors arrived. — ' San Francisco News Lottor.' Bust- proof Wiiea?;— Referring- to tho wheat exhibited By Mr. Dunnicliff at the lato Exhibi tion, the- 3. M. Herald says : — Two now hybrid* spring wheats aro shown by tho samo exhibitor, grown by him from whoat raised by Mr. Pringlo, of Vermont. The qualities claimed for this .wheat are, that it is rust proof, nncT that it maturos in about fourteen and n-Wf weeks from seed timo, oven iu » dry ssason. Both wheats' wore sown by Mr. Dunnicliff, at Burrawang; in September, and roaped in January on com paratively poor soil. Tho Defiance yielded 57 bushels to tho acre aud with high cultivation ; it is said that tho jdeld: in America has beon as much as 128 bushols. From tho other vauioty — tlie Oamplain — the oxhibitor obtained a yiold of bushols to tho acre and from superior cultivation of course much bottor results wovcld be obtained. The grain is of moderate size, but whon acclimatized by the: next giowtli will be largor'; - C ; - A Japanese1 Belle. — Describing the toilet preparations of a Japanese damsol, a cor respondent-says that it is a matter of no light consideration, and to bo in good time for tho feast she must bo up and drossed long bsfore' tho sun rises from the Euji, the groat sacred .mountain. The long, coarso trossos of hair must bo washed, combed, and greased till tho head shines liko a. nob of polished black marble. Tho cheekB must bo rouged to tho proper tint tho throat, neck, and bosom powdered — care- fully leaving, howover, on tho neck, three lines of brown skin of tho owner, in accordance with the rules of Japanese cosmotio art. Then- the eyebrows must be carefully rounded and touched with blaokr the lips reddoned with cherry paste, with a patch of gilding in tho contro. Whon all this has been done, and she gets together a proper allowance of pockot-handkorohief paper, tobacco pduch, pipe, and fan, she sallies- forth. 