\- OPZENNG OF TE- NUW MSCHOOL Cons5DoaABL. disappointment appears to toe felt by the townsfolk of Portland generally at the dilatoriness exhibited by the Town Council at its last nmeet d ing, in reference to the opening in a satisfactory manner of the new State school. The mutter was duly brought before the Council, at the instance of r.bthe School Board; but instead of at once deciding to deal with it our borough councillors evinced their faith in the wisdom of putting off till to morrow what they could have done there and titer. They knew well enough that " Procrastination Is the thief of time," and yet they did not think" It necessary in the present in stance to " take time by the forelock," and decide to make suitable arrange ments for the opening of the school. and the worthy reception of the Minis terof Education. Instead of prompt action, delay was their motto, and so they put off the consideration of the question " till another day," - their next meeting. As it is, the school is virtually opened. The children of the Percy street school have been attending there for the past month, and to-morrow the children of tile West Portland and of Mr. BURnANx's schools will also, we understand, be received into the new building, which is ample and capa cious, and really well adapted for the purposes of a first-class public school. The contractors have done their work In a highly creditable manner, and there can be no doubt but the Inspec tor of Works will at once " pass the " building" as thoroughly satisfactory seconding to the terms of the contract. This being the case there should be no difficulty in fixing on a date for the formal opening of the school, and as it is a town school-the only public school for Portland-it should be opened with a certain degree of eclat. The Minister of Education and the members of the Ministry have been invited to, and have attended, the open lug of State schools in many less Im portant places than Portland and they have cheerfully attended. We think, therefore, that Major SxcITn, the Minister of Education, should be in vited to formally open our now school, and the invitation might judiciously be extended to the Premier, the Hon. GuAnAM Bear, anld perhaps also to some other members of the Ministry. We should like to see the Minister of Railways here, and he would then be enabled to judge for himself whether the railway station should be situated o tihe present "mud hole" or in a more suitable and convenient site, such as the Market Square. Seeing for himself he would not require any elaborate estimates or reports on the subject, for he is a gentletnan of a thoroughly practical turn of mind and well qualified to de cide on questions of this kind. We trust that prompt action will be taken by the School Board and the Borough Council to invite Major SMITH and such other members of the Ministry as are able to accompany him. Their action, if they do so, will, we a-e convinced, meet with the unani-. mous approval of thte residents of Port. land. The question is not one of a po litical nature, for all' parties are agreed on the necessity of imparting a good education to the young. Portland, too, has special claims on the Government, I and these can be represented much + better when members of the Ministry are on the spot to "see and judge for themselves." The present post-office is admittedly recognised to be both in. convenient, and in every way unsuit able, and if thie Hon. the Postmaster General only saw it we are sure he would at once have a sufoficient sum placed on the Estimates for the erec tion of a new, commodious, and suit able building. If, therefore, our borough Solons will not act, the towns people should take the matter at once into their own hands. There Is no time to be lost. Tea Boar HAanoua.-We Ilave been shown by Mr. T. Pile a telegram witlolt he i received yesterday morning from Mr. Wm. 1 Lawrence, advising him that tile Ministry Iave placed .1,000 on thle estimates for tihea construction of the mueh-teeded boat harbour at the Salt Creek. It Is to be hloped tlat tile money. will be voted with out delay and made available at an early date. Mn1AsoNt.-Tlhe annual meeting of the Portlanud Lodge is to be held to-morrow eveulg,. when thet brothrau will be ialled upon to elect tite W.M. and Treasurer for tile ,ntsilng year. We observe by adver tisement in another column that the true tees of the Lodgel have deoided to offer the waste lando adjoinliu the Hall to publio tender, and the advantages of these ites a'e fully pointed out by Mr. Dacomb, in t whose Ihandathe lauds in question have been I placed for disposal:; ltes tenders are re turnable on Saturday, 80thi August. SusttN COUNCI. Et.L.cIONs-We learn ta.t there is every pt-sibllity thaSt Mtr. Alexander Donald, of Dartmoor. wall be a ocndidate for the representatiou of the West Ridin of tile Shire ol' Porthsnd at the cotting elections. Mr. Donsld Ji ,n oactivee ad energetio gentlemsn,and woulti we belive. make an esnxoellent represents tire. Tiere are rtmort that there ill also be anotleir aosdidate, in additionl to tithe present mtuetber, but we Ihave not re oesiveld ay deliuite iuformutuiot ona thisa plint. Ct.,aniO SAtL .-Meuere. O'CUtonnor nd Mose call tleutilon elsewhere to theiir i great clearing saleI now going on. Il cann seqtenct of thie lnse of the promises thtty tnoy oouapy expiring it an esrly date, it l I their rslttionl to leave thle distriot. ITho f are, therefore, de.siroua to alear olff thtirt extenivs andil well-selected stock of dr pert. millinery, ho.. and purolhasere ros asutred tllat they mae rely nt gentlie barainals, Thosa who'are Indebtel to tle ; atru are requested to settle tleir acouu|?s at their earliest convenliene. r Oaooalr--Meesre. Campbell and Sons advertinc tltat ttiey ti4ve astst ruesved a supply of new senason tsea, wbiohllt hoy sre I nelliug at unplean,,ettlr low rote., n also a arvstal stgllro. Thvh teyt ales on Ihand a etook of flottr pollard, brtt,, chit, andt I potatoes, asu ell as general gilooerlus end p drapery, ILLUrTRATBD AUsratLIA N wS - Tb' Ves taor tranin elion by the out-.going English mail is to hand. The illustrations Scomprise convelresions at the ne..w onroe. J -lionrl Hall ; iRemovalof the Yacht Ma?Y QQueen from Fitzroy; Professor Pepper aol his Ghosts; Wa.terloo COp-Deciding \- Course; Dagoug Fishing in Quseeseload; A Chip of the Old Blook; The Dial Reoges, and mouth of the Leven. Tas mania; Cooktoen, Queensland. from the North Shore; Interior of tire Wilsoo Hall. Melbourne University; Rejoioiinga in Proolaiming Prahran a City. Thes lotter-press contain. a large tmount of in teresting info, mation. Copies of the Nera may be obtained at the Guardian office. PU.LIo WoRKs.-Among the items of expenditure for public workr, provided for oo the Estimates. we observe £4000 for repairs and additions to jetty, &o.;, etPort land, of which £3114 is a re-vote; to provide shelter for fishermen's bouats and small orft at Portland. £1000; additions rogsol at Hemilton, £3000; and to essist the Borough Counoil of Warrnambool in pro.venting the enoroscho ent of sand, £200. Tire EncoarrnN VorT.--The amounts set down in the Estimates,as required for new sohool buildings, repaira, &0.. is £236,443. Among the urgent case we note £400 for Portland, end £250 for Branxholme. Other aores not regtarded as urgent are Ardoseolie, £120 ; IBesie belle, £200; Carapook. £75; Casuo too, £100; Hoywood, -:£1200; Narrawong, £370 ; Portland, Sandhills, £200; Spring Creek (Condah) £200. Tat Cosroors.-Anticipating an in orease of dollte on various articles, holders of stocks in bond were (the Age nays) busily engaged on Tuesday, taking out their goods, and the result of the day's businesa at the COstom Houne shoo'ed that deutes amountuing to £0,733 18s. 5d. bad been paid. The principil aittales operated on were spirits, wine. sugar, to bacco and lcgar*, mail, hops, di led frnite, drapery, blankets, and 10 per aeut. goods, boots and ioses. New BalrtrN.-What will, we have no doubt.. prove a most interesting ainl ini. etructive lecture i soanoenrnel to, be eli. vered in tie Wesleyan Churoh on Molnday: evening lnext, commencing st Ihall-pat sevene o'lock. The lecturer will he the pastor of the chlroh, tihe Rev. J. J. WVatu ford, and the rsulj.n ,of his adillress will be "New Britain ,i . its Inharbits nts." Tihe object is to reduce ith circuit debt. TisE hlUNIvrPAL Conennlnn.-o,-From a telegram which we received yeeterday from James Trrrrlngmer, Eeq., the Mayor of Portland, it appears thai tile Municipal Conference, which was still sitting, had agreed to the groupilg system. The same telegram stited that the Minister of Rail-. ways Ihad consented to Iave plane ant specifications prepared for making the railway terrlinue station at the Market Sq ire. Ten RanrIT NUISANCE -? hr. Cope pre sented a petition in the Honlent?f As.elnblv on Tuesday from farmers anrd rothere re eiding at Bridgewater, calling aittentioli to the less they were ea bjrotedl tol owing to tihe increase and epreau of tlhe rabbit nrIi-. canoe, and .,king that ee early as possible' a bill mighit be passed samilartru2 tohtl now, under consideration, fi Smirtih AAlitralia. making it orlnpulsory on all owners and holders ofl and to eradioete Llu rirbbit? tire Government undrrtaking to ido te sant on all unrocupied' Crown .lavndia .ý'Tlhe document was read, and ordered to lie on tihe table. MUNICtPAL Ee.rOrlenss.-A, will Ie seen by or advertising columns Mr. J, jI. Woods has, in reply to a unmeretrly signed requisitinn. consented to stanid sa a eandidate for the position of a borough counrollor. Mr. Robert Miller has alin ooll aented to stand for the repreaentatirn of the south riding of tile Shire of Portland. BoATs.-The fishing indus-ry seems to be improving, as during tile lest few weeks balf-a- dozen e tap beats bhave heer brorght to the bay to brt used for the pur pose of fishing. Tile latest adn itions are the Petrel anti Queen, birth vessels Irrving arrived from lMelbourneo during tile past week, where they' were purchasedi by Portland men. The former i. ownted by Mr. M. Nitbolsonr, iund the latter by the .\iessrs. Guy. 'LThe Queen is a slntprt lookingcentre.board boat. whiih is spleni didly fitted up with a cabin aplrbable of aesting at least a dozeln prrrnolls, and sleeping accommodatlin fir hllt that number. We believe it is the intretion of the owners of both vessels to use them ase pleasure boats cluring the summer seaso, and they will no doubt be liberally patronised, a thbi is a want that has been long felt. RAILWAr Toarrrc.-The trailo returns on the Vietrria.. Railways for the week ending 24th July aleow tile week's rtcoipra to be £19.782 1a., for 1.110 mitei of line open, as against £18,170 13 8 I fur the corresponding period if last year, whieo 067 miles were open. The number of peasengers carried is 48.426, and for the same week to 1878 it was 43 84L CoINrIDNOInc.-A cerrespumdeut of the Warrnambool tandarrd wom believes in coincidences, points out that the eleotoral rolls of the colony were increased by 11,000 votes in oonsequeoce of the altera tion in the law whloih gave ratepayers a right to be enrolled as voters whether they had paid their rates within the time re quired for the municipal rolls, or not. This aset o the McCullool Government met with a eingular retributilo--so thnlrrk oulr ingenlous correspondent-when that Miaistry were overthrown by ezactly 11,000 votes on tle'celebrated 11th May, 1877\. It is again a strange coincidence that in tihe present year, according to eta tieties published in thle Age, the electors' roils sIaow a decorease of the number of voters for the Assembly of nearly 11,000 a dithinution of 3085 oesurring in the metropolitan districts, and 7,872 in the country. After this, our oorreaspondent would not be serprired to rear of another onmbllntion ir whichl the fatal numtber of 11,600 would turn up, and Itse tlerefnre prediots tlhais, at tle coming general elec tion,thle Berry GOvernment will be rubbed out by a mijority of-as unarly ae possible -11,000 vStes. What could be clearer? ANe.Eimtrar ron Mar.lS.-Amoun theb exhibits to ie seot IroUm lIraldwood to theb Sydney Ethibition, ii a quantlt~ of rnuoldio etone, exceedingly rich in gold, but whlob as yet hba deflnl all efforts for ire extraotioe. Very lhrge quirntitien of this mrileral ore to be fournd it the neighl bourhroul of Pelh's an l Mljor'a Creeks. Is is quite prasible that some of the foreilr eaplrts who will doubtleess visit the Eshiitioi, will he able to throw come iiglr: on tbo ahbjieto, arid it no at plicaule prrroess exist, will be able to dis cover one whichb will Inswer the purpose. A br.nrh of irduetriy aill rhu be pered olup which wouin btuoma of In mense alroportioro il that part of the auloly, Fsla.n-Tln Melboerue Ltisr Compa.ry has been so far a great euecess. There appearn to be no dilmorrlt in retasilirng two Sonte par lay, and in eon.equerre thie prioe tine ronolrrd Iflnir fourprenoe t, tlrroenpenoe per pournd, arll branllo stlope artn iblhult to be trtablirhod i. the priouelpl auburbe. Titr FLItrrnr BTERaT RAILWAY MtIa DER.-The tragetly whiul occrurred at the Flinders-street etatior ou F.iday Iea reul der-ed it necensary ftr the G.sverrlmeat to oon.ider wil* asrrrngemeate shall be* m, le for tihe carryl R on of thIe H.beaun'n BI3y Railway. It was intended thiat no altera tion should be made at pre.ear. to Mr. Finlaynou would be able to codleuct the traffic in a perfectly satisfnotory manner Intil such time as the Government. re lieved of their presenlt exee*.ive presatre of busilless. would have been preporeds to m-ke defirite and permanent arrarlge ments. Tile unfore.oon and latrenteble event of Monday has, however, mto te it imperative that something shall be done, and Mr. Wuoda will at onte iake aome termporary provision to meet lrpreoent exi gencies. It in quite imposslble for the Cabinet to deal with the matter until the heavy work of thile ees..ion is disposed of PROWLINo Forxs.-Foxes are becoming so numerotus iu this district, says the Grelaioq Arlver titer, as to sante tie the eriou ouonideration o of or leeup-breeders for tihe best means of their total extirpation. This growgll, evil has snenlifested itself to suol all enormou, extenlt in this district that, in conapurisonr, the bare and rabbit pest sinka into iltsigtiliolnoe. Along the north shore of Corio Bty, from Avaloin to Point Cooke, tile ravages of, thuose eimols lcty be daily writressed. Young lambs in. sorcrea may be saen aeattered over tihe lshep runsl, the clean uet throats, bloorIIess and mangled oeronesa plainly slwowiug that Royntard's nonse of tasteo Ilne not been in the least diminished by removal from his native contrv. Whenr srflorlteg from the paumg of hunger, the brutes will even at task full-grown sheep, it being no uIlcol mon oocutrrentrce to see a fox slinging to an unfortunate sheep with the dogged per tinacity of their racee. As foxes will taste no fond but or their ewn killingl, poisoned flesh is of no tavail their extirption willt be therefore extremnely ditfiolit. Trapping is the only remoely resorled to as yet, but it is iore Ibylraoident thanri otheruris that an oceaniolttl fox is .captrel by ttles means. . ~nloAr. POLtrrlOtrNs.-Another mini. ter has frllor'ted tile rexmnple of tlls Rev. Mr. Henderson, oif Badllrat, slid exhi bited a desire to engage ill parly polities as a belligerent. At a meetin g of at debal ing club. held in Ken.inlgto recently, tile Rev. Mr. Saoltt reld a paper on u'llrreut Events, which chiefly consisted of attacks upon Liberalism and - iberal politicirns. Mr. Scott was brought to book at Oneo by some of those' present for his unwarrant able displ,,v of parileanship, ansd since then Mr. Wilmot O,,key, a member of the local reform longlle, delivered a lecture in reply, in whic he dwelt upon tihe impro priety of political tirades from a clergy. man, and answerelI alch argunlllltet as DMr. Scott had broulght forwardt. o the complete ntisfacrtion of his andience. TIhat ruver elnd geutlemnll, who was presetll. tlt en joyingthe criticism bIe had p ovoked, so Ihr forgot hlimself an tre continually ilrter rrpt the lecture. Aided by a few mem bers of the tlaw and rtrler party, lie oea ated such a disturbtzcoe as to twitioecomnpel tihe apeaker to sit dowll nittil order wlol re stored. Mr. Ookory however, Iad Is audi ence with him. anli his replies were re eeived with loud applause. T.'THl. :MEg.DOuRNRh ExtIlItTroa.- Tile wslls of the main Exhibitionu building are nearly finished, nud a large body of ment liud constant employment on tihe roof. whvic is being proceeded withl asrapidly as tile state of walls will permit. The north-eastern tngle of tile main hall is ap pro lclling completion, and already pre sents a handsome appearance, which will be greatly enhanoed when the roof is fin lrhed. From the heavy character of tihe work invotled at the present stage, the maes;ve dome, whlicl is to crown tie edi floe, is rising very slowly, but in a few darles the remainuig girders will be raised to thir allotted positions, after wioch the brickwork will be proceeded with apaoe. A fine view of the building can now be obtained from the intersoction of Victoria and Nicholson streets, the aplendid propor tions of the moain fagtle Ibeino seen to the boat advantage from that staull- porint. Work in tile gardens is also being pushed forward, the gardens committee having ob rainedl-throough tile Minister of Lands and Agriculturoe-a coetI tiot ofr valuable trees from the iMacedon State Nursery for the principal tlawn and avenutes. Tllese trees will be well settled before the Exhi bition opens, and they are of asloc a height as to glve an appearanoe of having been planted years befote. The contract for tie manchinery annrexes hrse buen signed and anl early start will probably be made with their erenaion. C ,Aael t.nas. - 'ruesday's Melbourne papers contain the following Er.,pe-at telegrams:-lrnformation Ilha been re ceived at Bombay that Major Cavagnari, the newv-oplpoiinted British resident alr envoy plenllotentlirry ait the cl(rrr eno Yakmoob Khan, Ihad raneredt Chbul. Major Cvoorn;ari wits secorded a Itrost brill:,t reception, and Yakoob Kihan manifesred every sigl of Iriendlinss tovarrs himn. The irthea iteatis turned out in great uunm bors. tand their hebaviour altogether was of the moat, reseecetful character. IiorTASlCA. Exi're. r--Au?tralian vege tation will be alulrly represeneted inr the Victolrian court of tile Sydney Exhibition. Mr. Guilfoyle, the curator' of our IBotanio Gardens. has prouared a comprobo)nsive collection of timnbor, fruit, veletables, etc., as well is of the products and ox traots obtained from them. No lees than 187 samples of wood., fit fer manufactur ing purposes, will be shown; 82 va'ieties of flibrous plants, and s 2 qualities of paper., obtained from as alnay species of lhtnlts. The nextracts and esnences comlprlse mne dicinal charcoal, inks, lampblacl, a great variety of dyes and oils, also tan nin, lums, potrma, , acids, reslns, and var nishes. Eacll ebxhibit will be accompalied by a conalso description of its gelrs nod economic uren lInd value. DIonIurTvE ARTILLeIY.-- We learn frlrm a Bolumbay paiper lthant thie authoities hlave cenertly neized a perk of artillry thusat arriveri in Bombay by parcel prslt! There were five guns ill ali, representlong tie latest fshrions in modern artillery anel bhorghi they are only some als inhels long, I theay were finished with aen eats and da tail that they were obviorsly intended aa nmodels. NPotintg is wnlnting in these toy guens but size, and thley could easily be imitated and enlarged by skilful workmeln. Thiey were sent by a Ilirmlngham orm to a Parrsee lnuse lI Ucalcutt, and are seep poseni to irve been destisned for tles King of Blurmrh. TasAsNrA.-TelegramI from Hobart Townu state 'bat thie late matron of the hIt natlo nsylun. Mrs. K?terny, cllrrged tihe sorgeon-sulper.intuetIlle Dr. Huntore, withi criminal asllsellt. This C0s rlniIn,tours held an ilquiry, and dteclared the charge to be unlrrnnlded and ntalicioust. lThe woman thee aOwre a crimiltal Itr,,r. mation, whereoun Mlr. Whltefr.erd, M.,1 b of Launoeston, heard the case. After a three days' aittinlg, le dl.mleeed the il formation without etamhting all the witnesses for thie diefets htrnnae rumootr are rasroari affecting p r 5nr,9 hiih in filee, and wll iroably lead to Mirliserint complre.atiornt. T'' u En?cOTrION Q-resirTN -T'Lhe tf rm iof the U h ,ili ? i .ntitn U lliu I t an, )ithhily and o*xplitiv eInIIouule,'d ,,t. merL. lu el the St. FINXnl'N brull oAl Te.I, day, by Mr. W. HI. GuneOll, SOl of te vim. praeideuan of uth. breaul,. Hi e. ill,1 in ill future Parliamautar, eleetion ltII (athollios sIhould ot uponl the determine. tion that if one polhtlool party did not Rie them stisfeotion in refereralc to tire pub lie eduetitidlal system of tihe colon, t(,y should do their ulmast to turn that paty out of power, alid try another. IUn ItuIe contests the ?ttlhrTlics should vote t.i holy for the candidtit who fSvoiredl their caule, regardless of Iris political opinluon ,S to Co.?nervutiuom or Liberuium. They should have but one objnct ti con"ida and that was whether the candidate w,i ill accord with the C, tholic ou the euce,. tion qiuestion, and if they 0u0d tihat Ie wan. they would suppoe t Ihinl. regurdlesail every other otrnsidrration. Every, peron juiniu tile Ctllolio Union would lavI , abide by a set of roles, one of whirci w, that the qualittnatious at every caididalt and hia climrs upon the support of 1.e Catholic body shculd be considered at tthe, meetings of ttie union or its branches, anud wirutever the mrjority decided in reference to any particular oandidute, the minority shoold implicitly follow out and atop', Whatever miiht be the instividual uplilo, ol' any of the mitrity in referene to calr dilates for thli eleoloral suffrages, tilsc shouild remember the obligation tb.t would rest upoun them to enurilicetlhir pirsondl prediloJtion elnd be guidled by tie mujority. Tihe Catrholic leaders ,ai? Mr. Gunsos, had been trying to educate public opinion on the education question during the psat seven years, and they ltd been mrlade tIle tools of political parlies uo one side anld the other, out now that tihe Cntiolics were gelting independent, theirh opponents rwee trying threats, eedultioi, ,lld ridicule to disoonrage them anlid put them dlown. The last and worlst cfort had beonr to excite big?try ageaialtthe Catholies by endeovuuriig to get up a 1, otentant orgacnisationr agtiuat them. Sulcth u a eu.ociitionr, however, he con. sidered to be " all moonshine," and a,. aerted that their upponents could not get ip a Protestenit orunTniestion thalt wuoltl have th)le utue atrenglIh. ai?d aOlluit btu ber allioalatled by thie asuia )lmpathy and religious reelingra sa the Catlholiue. 'lre speech wee receivedl will oCheers, and the salme receptionl was given to somie ninl0ltlio observatiois in reuretiroces to te nlmeot dIily "a ,atiaitnce" tnt " alvornecy' that threOntholion were receiving n the lelldof tire Melbotirne Goverument organ. Tree BnsaraeI Exaucitson.- Altholgh not so orowded as dill, ut. previonie years, thIe Elhibition showsa marked advanoelu local products and manurteolures. Noim. ported goods are shown. The mineral collections are large anid striking. Tihelr is a very fine wool trophy. The eolletlion of timber is large and varied. ' Furniture male of Quieenslanlld aoodm forms a leading anld attraclive featulre. There ie a large trophy 'of pearl lhillae tIrin Torren Strailt, andi there are vilertd arnd valunble exhibits, of fibres of Initive gl aeses. Tihe rgriculoire Iind foodl ections ore t'i)Iv anrd asiIceefulth represented. Althoulghl the slock enhtlie are iinuualrly large, nlrnbter aile unllable to reach the ground in time for tl:e judginltg, iln consegeqlene of tile recent reins.. The Exhlibition was openoted by Iti Exeelloucy thie Governor oil TuieUsday last. 