UN THE NEBVES. Olmlfair.) An ind'resting book might bo made out of the curiosities of nervousness from a contemporary slBndpoint. The elder Disraeli has somewhere a chapter on the subject ; but if our memory serves us correctly, his instances trench rather upon the hysterical conditions, the monomanias, tho wild fanciful delu sion-; of the disordered imagination, than upon the prosaic features of the distemper. Ho instances men who could not bear the sight of an old wo man, and fainted dead away it a grand mother showed herself ; others, who if they heard a rat in the wall, took it for a ghost and got up and prayed fervently and such tilings. Tho present age fur nishes tuoro rational imaginings, born of tbe daily papers, emphasised by indi gestion, and rivited by the surprising eloquence of the diurnal quidnuncs. For instance, there are plenty of people living at this moment who would warmly M'use to get iuto bed before looking un der it to make sure that no man lay there. There are others who pass tho night in o instant fear of life ; who, beforo they withdraw to their bed-chambers, care fully rako out every fire-place in the House, turn oil the gas, inspect every room, knock on the servants' doors and inquire through the key-holes if their candles aro out ; and afler all tbis bother, go to bed and lie awake nntil tlie dawn with their bod-room doors ajar, sniffing at imaginary fumes of burning, and ready to spring out and go raving mad should anything like a cry be raised— for these people never make any serious provision against fire should lire come. There are others, again, who will lie night after night in expeelation 'f burglars. A distant footfall will oiurt them to the window, where, cautiously pulling aside tbe blind br tho breadth of a nose (giving scope lo one eye), they will peer icto tho gloom and mistake some shadow for tho tiijiiro of a man (wrapped in an overcoat, and with a horse-pistol in every pocket), intent upon the particular window whence lie is being awhed. Others will be kept awako by the song of the wind about the case ment, or in the empty rooms around, confounding these natural sounds with the murmur of human voices in the pantry, or on the landing just outside. Ihe«.. arc- some of the hundred night lears beyond an ordinary imagination to express. But there are daylight fears as numerous, if not always so agonising. U hat words can convey the horror felt by a certain kind of nervous people who, making o journey on a railwnv, are suddenly brought lo a stand in a tunnel.' Nothing can comfort them. Their heads shoot through the windows, their cries lacerate the gloom, and the reassuring shouts of tne guard only aggravate their fright and provoke fresl yells for immodiate release. Or take the mental condition of another kind or nervous persons at sea. Every roll of the vessel means imminent death. The currying away of a water-cask, the momentary stoppage of the engines, the cry of a man on tho look-out, the cscap- of a sail from tho gnskots that confine it to tho yard, and its conse quent bellowing upon the gale, the almij t -hipping of a sea, nay, Ihe tumbling ..f a steward down the ladder, or th.- fall and smash of a few plates from the leaning saloon table, will strike an idescribable horror, and lead to nu end of convulsive clingings and mumblings of prayer. Indeed, it would bo possible lo fill every page in this journal with a catalogue of the imagi native alllictions under which nervous people labour. Old Doctor Johnson, going hark to touch nn omitted post, typifies a host of numerous disorders which need not bo niistakon lor superstitions, and which assume a van number of shapes among ns in these days. Take a pavement full of people with a ladder across it from the housetop to the kerbstone. How many of the passengers will wade into the mud of the road to save themselves from passing under that ladder ? Tho proportion of the nervous people in the world will be happily indicated by tucll an example. Of every hundred persons, we question if ten would, without hesi tation, pass under that ladder. When a man refuses to make his will, because he fears that by doing so ho will be has tening his death, aro wo not to attributo his cowardice to the nerves. It is a more convenient apology to call such mis givings superstitions. No one would hope to euro a priest's faith in a winking Madonna by a course of quinine ; and superstitions of the real sort aro assuredly not to be corrected by medical treatment. Uut onr latter-day nerves are to be dealt with, and a good many uncomfortable horrors taken out of oar minds, by the juuicious doctor. 