The Mystery of Wiseman's Ferry Road. [Concluded.] THE EPILOGUE. The bells are ringing. As is meet, White favours fascinate the street, Sweet faces greet me, rueful sweet, 'Twixt tears and laughter : They crowd the door to see her go ; The bliss of one brings many woe : Oh, kiss the bride, and I will throw The old shoe after. —The ring is on, The' wilt thou' answer'd, and again The 'wilt thou' asked, till out of twain Her sweet 'I will' has made them one. Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits, and Are melted into air, into thin air. The drama is over : the curtain just about to drop, the marionettes to be stowed away in the limbo of departed fancies, wherein are entombed all dreams save those of Dickens, Thacke ray, Hugo, Balzac—to whom was richly given the high gods the power of clothing their ideals with something as actual as their own personalities. Those, such as I, who only bear an ordinary puppet show, can hope no more than that their dolls may please while the curtain is up and the music playing. That their phantasmata should step from off their stage and enter the social circle like Major Pendennis or Mr. Pickwick is beyond their wildest dream. Yes! my marionettes only await the fatal tinkle of the prompter's bell—and yet it cannot harm them ere they wing their, way to the aforesaid limbo, if the spectators who have been watching their antics these weary weeks should be told, as the curtain slowly unrolls, some word or so that may tend to draw at tention from the strings which move them as they somewhat woodenly cour tesy their adieux. And here it strikes me that I have never yet dedicated this work to any one. Why not then dedicate it now ? Another week and it will be too late. But, to whom ? As I would fain be original, I bethink me that no man has ever yet (that I know of at least) dedicated aught to the noble pompano of journeymen printers, without whose nimble fingers the word-compeller or dreamer of dreams would be but an isolated unit, his words but empty sounds, his visions but idle dreams. Therefore To the Worshipful Company of "Typos" I dedicate this work, —and much good may it do you! But this by the way. And now to business:— John Aldridge exacted from each in dividual who had listened to his story a pledge that they would preserve it as an inviolable secret. He had no inten tion of giving up the name of Walton, and a great horror of taking any step that would in the least degree compromise the brother of his beloved or the adopted child of his old age. Two or three weeks before George Caldecott was married to Lucy Walton (no one ever spoke of her as Florence Hart though her grandfather, old Mr. Hart, would often gaze at her with tear dimmed eyes, tracing as he did so a resemblance to his lost son's mother, the wife of his youth :) another marriage had taken place—that of Lucy Caldecott and John Aldridge, commonly known as Ezra Walton. Thus in the words of that most ancient of novels the Lord blessed the latter end of Aldridge more than his beginning. In the calm and happy days of an exceeding contentedness and peacefulness, he and his wife spent the evenings of their life, surrounded with all those things that should company old age, specially by troops of friends who ever thought that Horsted Beeches was the cheerfulest house in the world to pay visit at. The younger Lucy's marriage with George Caldecott was on a grander and more ceremonial scale than that of the elder couple, but it was a very joyful and merry affair—and the long lost and singularly recovered jewel gleamed on the soft white neck of the lovely bride. Mr. Powys was not there. Important business prevented him, so at least he said. He, however, sent a handsome present to his nephew's wife (he did not call her his granddaughter)—which, by the bye, some year or two after- wards, the bridegroom had to pay for. The Cosgroves were at the wedding you may be certain ; and no heartier good wishes were offered to the young lovers than those of Florence Cosgrove. But they must go, the time draws on, And the whitefavoured horses wait They rise but linger; it is late, Farewell one kiss—and they are gone! And as they go old Mr. Hay leads off a ringing cheer, while a shower of slip- pers " for luck" is hurled with varied accuracy of aim at the phaeton and pair which is swiftly bearing off Mr. and Mrs. Caldecott, of Caldecotts to their place upon the Murray. Yes, a Caldecott of Caldecotts! It has so come to pass even as old Hart once prophesied. He certainly had helped to the fulfilment of his own words by presenting his grand-daughter with a magnificent freehold on the banks of the Murray and a sum of money sufficient to erect thereon, a quite palatial antipodean " Calde- cotts." And not many years afterwards when the old Jew was gathered to his fathers, it was found that he had be- queathed by will the whole of his prop erty to George Asher Hart Caldecott, his eldest great grandson. So it hap pened that in after times when Royal dukes and foreign princes paid Austra lia a visit, that Caldecotts was one of the places they invariably did—and the lavish hospitality accorded them, in no way "dipped" the more than princely revenues of the heir of the treasures of the old Jew bill discounter and the escaped convict. Tom Powys's end was not unworthy of the life of selfishness he had lived. Forced to resign his appointments under Government, he lived at George Caldecott's expanse, en pension at the Cafe in Sydney—a terror to the waiters at whom he growled if his curry were not to his taste, his particular seat occupied, or his wine " corked " —and a bore to the young fellows about town whom he dosed with Legion and Legion- ary doings ad nauseam. He died of apoplexy, leaving as sole bequest to his nephew—his debts, which were of a varied character and handsome total. They were punctually discharged: so that if his ghost haunts the glimpses of the moon one would think it could hardly recognise as the site of its habi- tation when in the flesh a place where it owed nothing. Yorky and Old Bill became a very Damon and Pythas in their extreme old age: the latter shepherded on the Caldecotts run, while the former kept hut for him, and I can tell you that save when both were on a "burst" (which occurred regularly once every half-year) no sheep were better tended and no hut better kept. Bill's sheep were ever " blooming plums " fattest of the fat, while as for Yorky's currant cakes , and horehound beer they were simply delectable. On the " burst " and when their tongues wagged freely, Bill would often discuss the merits of his hero, Stormalong, whom he was fain to confess was in his eyes a more exalted character than even "bould Jack Donohoe." Neal, the inspector of police, by lying and toadying worked his way up to a superintendency. Since McLerie's time, 'tis the best way of making sure of promotion. Under the present regime, merit damns a man—unless the merit be sensationally conspicuous and then the public force the promotion on the department. Nanny Reid, shanty-keeper and "bush telegraph," was burned in her bed, to which she had retired 'unco fou.' One of her daughters married a wealthy digger, whose gold she now spends somewhat lavishly, but whose splendid house at Darling Point is every whit as much a fashionable centre| as those of the big brewers and soft- goodsmen to which it stands in close approximation. At her garden parties the jeunesse doree of the Queen City of the South are not a bit too fastidious to air their aristocratic graces. The digger's eldest son, however, shows the maternal strain, by continually jeopard ising his liberty by getting to windward of the law in the matter of signing his mother's name to cheques without her consent. Notwithstanding this moral blemish he is much sought after by designing mothers. Ex-Lieutenant Waverley Selfe, alias Tom the Ostler, had proved his "capa city to sink" long ere he reached the position in which he was last discovered. Had there been a lower depth undubi tably he would have reached it. Luckily for Mrs. Reynolds he succumbed to an attack of delirium tremens ere he was able to put into execution his scheme for wronging the widow and child of the man who, whatever his faults may have been, had given him a shelter in his degradation. In his last "horrors" he imagined he had a con- tract with the devil for putting up several miles of fencing and repeatedly endeavoured to secure an audience of his Satanic Majesty by flinging himself down the well. He was prevented from doing so on more than one occasion, but at last, defeating the vigilance of the servants at the inn, he brought his con- temptible career to a wretched close by a fatal leap i' the dark down, down to the still cold water where Truth is pre sumed to sojourn. No second Mrs. Reynolds ever dis- turbed the peace of the meek widow of the sometime ganger, and she was able to conduct the Punt Hotel for many a long day, to vthe exceeding benefit of the purse of Mr. and Mrs. De Vismes. Carrie and her husband lived in Melbourne dashingly—she bearing a reputation rather of the ratherest, as also he. Her line was desperate flirtation with every good-looking youngster that came in her way; his was a disposition to " rook" the said youngster if he had money ; and Mrs. De Vismes did not care for youngsters who hadn't. Her house was a charming one to visit at ; but visiting there was expensive, since at ecarte, billiards, poker, or unlimited loo De Vismes had (so the pigeons were won't to say) the devil's own luck. On Cup Days, Mrs. De Vismes sets off Worth's taste on her lovely figure ; accepts all the admiration she can get, and is as happy as the day is long, believing firmly that she has scaled the heights of fashion and that she is through her marriage with the boon companion of the Standishes and Finlays of Victorian life a veritable grande dame. If she be, 'tis of the Louis quinze Marquise style— As she glides up the sunlight you'd say she was made To loll back in a carriage all day with a smile, And at dusk on a sofa to lean in the shade Of soft lamps and be wooed for a while. Could we find out her heart through that velvet and lace ? Can it beat without ruffling her sumptuous dress? She will show us her shoulder, her bosom, her face : But what the heart's like we must guess. * * * * * In the fair summer days, the children of George Caldecott and Lucy his wife will sometimes play, when staying at Horsted Beeches, in the shadow of a marble tomb beneath which rests all that is mortal of John and Lucy Aldridge. Bright flowers girdle it round about and over it a willow bows its greenery. Close beside beneath a plain slab of massive granite sleeps David Hay. To this sacred spot Lucy will often take her little ones and tell them stories of their grandpapa (so she has taught them to regard him who was known as Ezra Walton) and of their grandmama, whom they can just remember, and of the loyal Scotch gentleman who loved them both so well. Finis. 