The Chronicle. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1879. Wu see no reason to regret the opinidi vrw expressed in uur latt as lo the iioii appeanwee ?f mutters inucil debated at the close of last session iv Sir Charles .Slabkn's present bill fur the alteration of the constitution of the Council. Xot. that Sir Chakles has by the adoption of that course freed himself from intru sive Ministerial criticisms on his pro posals, nor yet been left without some ad vice as to what may be further neceFsarj for the settlement of tli?. constitutional question. Mr. John Woods did not, fjr instance, think it beneath his posi tion to sneer in the Assembly on Thurs day evening at Sir Ciiaiiles's propjsals for popularising the Council, and ukd o£ " reconstruction and abolition" as the only remedies to be applied to it. Something, too, has been; said, in rror j than one of the public journals, of feir Charles's proposals being taken us a basis on which negotiations might be entered into for a settlement of the whole question—tthich, however desir ublu in itself, seems to us quite imprac ticible. Until thero U some abandon ment of prijiidice by Ministers and their (iillonri-rti, and sume a|>pro:ich to reason, it appears to tv next to useless to talk of compromise*, ami that it would be far better to let things take their own roiir-e; That they are doing as fa3t as they can: public opinion and pull:c feeling on the constitutional question, even among the former suppurters of Miuiaters out of doors, being very dif ferent from what it was twelve or eigh .teeii months ago. The people are, n fact, everywhere beginning to see that the ill couciTte 1 endeavors of Minister* and their frieuda to keep'np excitement on this question are simply fortbe fur therance of their own interests, and must in the end prove abortive. Sir C'UAitLES Slad ex appears to. us to have exercised a sound discretion in importing no more-into his bill than was abso lutely, necessary to bring the two Houses en rapport with each yther. Of thi , Ministers are, of course, jealous; the) (Iv not want the Council to be popular ised ; ii would be f.ir better, in their opinion, that it should be left as it is; unless, indeed,-they coulti turn it into ajiominee house, and fill it with their own creatures. The ground Sir Charles hus taken up with regard to the sGih section of the • Ccrihtiiution Act ahii) apjiiMr-. to us to he. very jedi cious. < It is'much l.ke Haying, we do not wish to meddle with anything which does not concein us, and let the other House do the kuup. There cau be no doubt as to this In ing the true position for the Council to take up, and they will 'lio'" strengthened by it iv the end. _VVli?i' their bill Is sent down to the other House, what objection can be '^irlr made to their attempting to reform theilulves? And when the Ministerial bill is sent up to them—should it etar reach that rtage—how much mire strongly will they be able to oljuct to it, thuti they would have been, had tl ey interfered with any of the assumed rii a nancial rights or privileges of the As sembly ! We arc not at all sangu no of Sir Charles linden's bill meetng with anything like acceptance in ihe other House. Ko matter for that. Ij, M the lest, ) urliHps, liiat can be d< n. tinder tliu oiruiiruKtanos?i It ie nut • , b^r'eh(ltlt't.S-^M ft3-?(Binehtif ftHiil&> i* treasure. It goes far enough— rther probably than some would wish. et it trenches on no ground, we link, that the Assembly can reason )ly object to. And iff not accepted aw, it will be at some future time. HK nearer we get to the divis:on on the icond reading of the Ministerial reform ill, the less hope there seems to be of iy concessions on the part of the Gov ernment for the sake of carrying it. Ir. Berry's offer of the excison of the ixth clause, if a majority of the Honse ras opposed to it, appears to have been bandoned, nnless Ministers themselves re hoplessly divided on that poiut. for does there seem to be the slightest round for believing that either Minis ere or their supporters will forego heir intention of transforming the Coun -11 into a nominee Upper Mouse after heir own peculiar pattern. On the lontrary, although some of their former lupporters have declared themselves op posed to one or ether of these thing*, ihey are determined to try their strength in reference to them, and have no donbt o£ carrying the second reading of the bill with both in it. With regard to the plebiscite, they are very confident, not because the. fully of such a jcourse of proceeding has not been demonstrated over and over - again, but because it tickles the fancy of many who do not see the mischief to which it would lead. There is many a slip, however, between the cup and the lip, and it may, per chance, happen, before the division is called on on Thursday next, that Minis ters will find that they have been over sanguine, and that.they will either have to promise some modifications in the bill, or submit to its being hung pp. More unlikely things have happened, bnt should Ministers carry things with a high hand, and e3fape this, that Will not be the end of the matter by a long way. Some have promised to vote for tho second, bnt not for the third reading of the bill, and they must get a, ,two thirds majority for the latter, as well as for the former, or it will be lost. Meanwhile, supposing the second read ing of the bill to be carried by a two thirds majority, every clause will have to run the gauntlet in committee, and it will be very strange, indeed, if it does not come out of committee much changed. For, although debated, as it will then ha.-c l-een, t>n nights in the House, it is not to be supposed that it will not be much further debated in committee, where division after division will be taken, not upon its princi: 1 a, bat its details, So that when it comes to its third reading, it may be a more mis-shapen mass than it now i-, and some may object to its third reading, who would nnt object to it in its present form. Cue taking the worst possible view of the matter —supposing tlm bill to be carriel through the Assembly, without any of its objectionable features reingeliminated—what then ! Will th? Upper House, whic'i his certainly ab stained in its proposed legislation from any interference with the Lower, enter tain it J Not unless they consent tv be trampled upon. Then there is only one farther stage to bi! taken with the bill, and that is, to remit it to the country, not by the Ministerial plebiscite scheme, but by a dissolution of the Assembly— by sending back the present members to their constituents—and what would be the result? That many of the most ardent and violent supporters of Minis ters would never be allowed t? set their feet within the Honse again. Things will then be brought round to their nor ninl position, and constitutional reform will have to be taken up where it s'mnld have been taken up from tb.3 fi st Of itl? ever being carried cut by the preset t men, or in the form now proposed, there is not the ghost of a chance. If Mr. Berry and his friends think otherwise, wliy do they not ap peal to the country ? Why keep the question dangling before the eye? if the constituencies, instead of taking their opinions on it 1 For the simple reason, that they are afraid of doing so. It would be the worst day's work they could do for themselves. All the coun try would be np in arms against them- It will be some relief to the country to know that Mr. Berry has not abaudo led all sense of honor it public life. There is one point beyond which he does not feel himself nt liberty to go, that is, into the violation of a formal solemn com pact between himself and others, to which those on the other Fide resolutely object. Strongly as he may hnn been urged to*do this by Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer and others with regard to the payment of members, he bag come to the conclusion that it could not be done su. • asfully.and he has, therefore, aban doned all thoughts of it. Yet he lias done this in such a way as to show that his heart does no go with his words, but th-it he will he ready to renew the game of " salary grab " on the first opportu nity, when relieved of the obligation by which he now feels hinis It bound. Nay more : he eur.-es from his inmost sonl the day on which he was led to promise that payment of members should expire-with the present parliament, and on which he was so foolish as to allow Mr. Cuthbert to guarantee the fulfilment of that :-. promise on his 'behalf in the Upper House, ■ But thej:wny in which lie proposes to dcsl with tliis question; if allowed 11 do so, when he gees out of his present'position, which both he and some of his followers appear to regard as an micomfoitable one, is, we must confess, neither creditable to his under standing, nor is it all honorable. "If a majority in favor of payment of mem tkjrji is obtained at the next general election, the new parliament will be called together immediately afterwards," or,' "if necessary a fpecml session fir dealing with the nubject shall be held, and the Government will decide whether they will put a vole on the estimates or proceed by bill." That is to say, if fien in power, they will tven run the rink of another dead-lock between the two Houses, rather than give np this demoralising system, or, at any rale, decide whether this shall be done or not. We do not care, however, to speculate over-much on what is so distant and un certain, but are quite content to leave the matter as it now stands. Si JKcient fir the fay is the evil thereof: let the morrow take care of the things of the morrow: lion members will hare to face tlieir constituents empty-handed, and pay their el ctioneerin? expenses nut of their on-n pockets. That is as it should be; and if there be a mnjority then for the payment of members, we ihall, wo support, bate to submit) but Itt if th tttnl iH ? fcgsi WM ?fottil?til/if al way. Let there lie no attempt to force it on the Upper House, as Mr, Berry suggests, by placing a ?urn for that purpose on the estimates; no£ to force it on to the country, as others have suggested, by inserting a clause to that effect in the new Local Govern ment Bill, which would be opposed to the Governor's instructions, and con trary to the usage of parliament. We hare not the Governor's instructions to quote from, but it is well enough known, that he is bound to sea that no foreign matter is introduced into any bill, and t ?c payment of members of parliament is moat assuredly foreign to the purposes of local government-. Having once got rid of payment of members, which we sliall do at the end of this, parliament, there will be some difficulty in petting it re-ettiblished. So we believe at any rate, and let us hope thae we are not far out in our reckoning. The cable was restored yesterday, and a'batch"of English telegrams reached us last evening. These announce the surrender of King Cetewayo to the British forces.' and the end of the 2ulu War. ■ It issaid.and we believe on good authority, that Mr. Longmore has giveu that portion of the Kariah reserve thrown open to selection to Mrs. Chiiholm, without waiting fonaoy further representations on the subject. Less could not have been expected, consider ing all the bearing* of the case. There was some donbt at one t:mB whether Mr. Buchanan would accept the office or not of President of the Hampden Shire Council for the ensuing year, to which he was unani mously elected at the last meeting.. But we are now given to understand that ho has signified his acceptance of the office, and and will take the chair at the next meeting, although he did not desire it The debate on the second reading of the Ministerial reform bill will be resumed this evening in the Assembly, Mr. Barr, who left hii speech unfinished on Thursday, ttking the lead. There are several persuns on both sides ?f the House yet to speak, but the debate will be closed on Thursday next, when there will be a call of the House, and no pairing off allowed. The second reading of Sir Charles Sladen's WU for altering the constitution of the Council will not be called on until Tuesday next. The tariff has further to be considered in the Assembly. The Rev. S. Fraser, Terang, Treasurer of the Presbytery of Mortlake. begs to acknow ledge the following donations towards the Heytesbury Forest Presbyterian Mission :— Wm. Baylei Esq., M.L.A., L 5; John Paton, Esq., Geelong, LI. Our readers are reminded tUat the in augural appearance of the Lean Amateur Dramatic Club will take place at the Me chanic*' Hall, Camperdow*, on Friday evening next.. The efforts of the Club on this occasion, are directed to tht production of the farces " Who stole the pocket-book !' ?nd " The Virginia Mummy," the interval bcintr fille I up by local musicians with a num ber of choice selections of voc.il and instru meutal music. Should the weather bj pro pitious the Cricket Club, on whose behalf the entertainment takes place, wJI doubt, less net a large amount towards ths reduc tion of their debt of L3O. The following pUyers selected to repre sent the CampcruWu Club, in the match with Co'ac on Friday lie:t, are requested to attend practice regularly :—Messrs. Bramley. Pik*. Clarendon, Allen, Sladc, C. JTi-'e*. F. Neylon, P. Neylon, Kae, W. ii DoniM, J. MDonuld, S. M'Miilan, Stius; ore, H ;nry, M'Lean, Podger, Cband- Jey, J. biouup, Hand. Emergency—Sanson, Clark, M'Kinonn, Bell. Although the second moiety of tht subsidy ts tb? Colac Shire Council, doe on the 30th mat, was paid on Wednesday last, we find on enquiry that that due tj the Hampden Shire Council has not yet been paid. Mr. Berry was pleased in an early part of the session to charge the Ouooeition with obstructing business and playing a waiting game. Whether there were any grounds fjr that charge or n'.t then, there are cei tainly none whatever now, the tables hav ing in that respect been completely turned. September is drawing to a close, and no business of any importance has been done, not from the obstructiveness of tbc Oppo sition, nor yet altogether from the incapacity of Ministers, bjt from the thinning of the rinks of tbrir supporters in and out of doors, and from their deaiis to delay business as much as possible, so that both they and their supporters in the Howie may draw their salaries to the last moment. There is juat a possi bility of their being defeated in this, how ever, for, as is well known, the Opposition and the Corner have only to close their ranks, and out Ministers go, whclher they like it or not, and the probability of their dung to every diy increases. Mr. F. L. Smyth, member for Jforth Gippsland, i? a chivalrous man, or he would never have thought of resigning his seat, <>n the promise of being made Councy Court Judge, in the'place of the late Juilga Bindoh. No <loubt he has worked hard for some ap piintinent, and Ministers would have been ungrateful not to have given him the riret fiat effcred, but if they should not be in office six months hence, what theu ? Would theirsnecessors be under any such obligations to Mr. Smyth, as to make It iiece&ary; for t'leni to ratify the appointment ? Arc there no " Black Wednesday" victims entitled to the preference I The greatest anxiety ia beginning to be felt in this district at the way ir. which ths rain hangs off. Up to this time, our rain fall fur v the present year only amount! to between to 13 and 14 inches, against an average of 23 inches in other yean for the whole year,' While other districts are get ting a sufficient quantity for all purposes, p-eneDt and prospective, we are only gotting just enough far present wants, with the prospect of a dry summer, empty, tanks, and half-filled water-holes before us. Even mr, indeed, more rain is wanted, both for the late crops and the pasture lands, nut only on the plains, but in all directions. :' "We have'not 'troubled oarielres much about the embassy vote scandal, but it ia now comiug to a head, and Mr. Berry will saner or later have to make a clean breast of it. On biing first iuterrogatal ou the subject, his answer was that the whola of the L 5.000 had been spent on the two ambassador*, and that anthills; would be Isft to revert to the treasury. But since Professor Pearson returnel, he has given his friends to understand thit very little fell ti his share, aud the public generally are becoming increasingly anxious to know wl at ha* become it. Under such circumstance*, w* do not think the matter should be treated as a tit one for jukei aud taunti only, but that some member of the House shou'd taMe a motion for a sprcitie return of the outlay. Or waiving that for the present. Professor Peanun might lie asked bow Much of the L 5.000 he actually received. He was, we know, treated more as "a servant," than as • ci*ambauad>r, but that does not much af fect the matter. If Mr. Berry took more ♦him hi* ?h*T?j hi rtloflM U Aempelled (• The Chief Secretary hu, s?y? tbo "Arpw,. te^anv.rth.du.ic.rf th e Tr??u?r which he reliaquisbedo* leaving for Eng land, ana will for the future act in both de partmental A requisition is, according to the |o?aro/ Slat, being wteuiively signed id Stawell, requesting Mr. Murray Smith to visit that pIL and address .the residents on the pre sent political situation. We have been requested to poblish the following 1U? in ?id of the widow and chil dreu of the late Thomas' Wilson, who are not in good circumstances/ The amounts Were all collected by Mr. Georg. Buckley, of CMnperdown, at the Temnallum Station, Darlington :-J.Cumming. £1 ; G. Buckley. LI • T. Olliver, 10s; T. Fairo, 10? ; i. Pearce, Ss; K. Keid, 5s ; M. Scanlau, sai; T Spaldin?, 2s ?d : J. Cnrran, 2s Sd; J. Dohcrty, 2s6d; F. Walker, 2s 6d; B. Dooly 2s 6d; K. Graham, 2? 6d; J, Smith, 2s 6d; H. Doyle. 5s ; E. M. Forbes, 2s 6d; J Davidson, 2s 6d : W. Taylor, 2s 6d; D. Moore, 2s 6d; H. Brnmley, 2. 6d; J. Small. "i 6d; J. Young. 2s 6d j P. Swan, 2s Gd ; M. Carr, 2s 6d ) Mr.. Hall,. 2s 6d; Mr. Savage, 2s 6d; W. M'Kenzie, ss; J. Hasset, 2? Sd •H. 0. Neill, 10s; D. Ken nedy. 2s 6d ;M. Linch, 2a ?d; T. Dowlin, 23 fid : R. M'Renzie, 10a; JL Brown, 10j ; K. Maxwell. Mfc; J: Best, 2s 6d; P. Winter, 2s 6d ; Mr. Plasterer, 2s 6d. ToUl, L97s6d- The Melbourne correspondent of the "Ha milton Spectator" fays:—lt will be remem bered that a pretty little quarrel ensued, a few weeks ago, between the Chief Secretary and Mr. Casey, over the latter gentleman s arrangement which had for its object the Betting the NeUon fitted np with berths i for each of the Exhibition Commissioners, ' so that these important personages might i have proceeded to the Exhibition, of the ! neighbouring colony, and while there have ! enjoyed free qmarters, all at the expense of 'that patient milch cow, the colony of VlC i toria. Now, however, it is rumoured that Jlr. Berry is not averse to an adjournment of the Assembly, for the purpose of visiting the Sydney show, under certain conditions ; these being, that members push on certain Ministerial measnres, in addition to the tariff, and the taking of the division on the ■ecnnd reading of the Reform Bill, not later than about the middle of October. Further: that in the event of members behaving well (fmm a Ministerial point of view), tbat the Chief Secretary might nnt be averse to visit • ing our neighbour in the Nelsoj, together with as many members of Parliament as might choose to accompany him ; a sort of trip similar, as it were ,to that given at the i expeme of the State some time ago, only to be extended to Sydney, instead of being con fined within the Heads.. 1 It is intended, it is said, to prosecnte Lowe, one of the LauceSeld bank robbers, for the outrage he committed on his Italian mate, some time before his escape at Lance - tield, and he will be brought np at the Sand hurst Police Court for this purpose. Saturday's •'Geelong Advertiser" says :— The first wnol for the season from the Wes< era JJiatrict arrived at the Leigh Hoad railway station yesterday from Mr. Alexander Arm stroug'a station. Warrambiue, en route to Geelong for shipment. Mr, Graham Mitchell, Government veteri nary surgeon,informs the "Argus" that three cows have been reported to be suffering fiom contagious pleura-pneumonia, near Mel bourne. Mr. Hogg, of the firm of Hogg, Selby and Co., has brought under the notice of the Sydney Morning Herald an ingenious little machine for tying the ends of wire in wire fencing. The ends ?f the wire are introduced, and liy a very tiniple oparation, they are joint.l in a "reel-knot." F?r >uch w?.rk as station- fencing this little-machine wouM, be a great acquisition. The makers are Messrs Mirttlefold, of Birmingham. The rabbit exterminator Bent by the Lands department to Cnrack, in the St. Araaud district, has been fonnd to work verysuccesi fnlly there, and three more of these machines have been ordered from the makers, Mea?rs Humble and Nicholson, of Geelong. The principle of destruction is well understood in this district, where they are largely used on the estates of the hon. A'iel Black, and the Messrs Finlay, J. L. Cnrrie, and others. Mr. Robert Giles, official assignee at Ha milton, is now iii prisnn in Melbourne for contempt of court. Some time aj;o, he sued Mr. Lesser, of Colcrainc, to recover property bought by the latter from an insolvent, Imt it was proved that the property had not be n suld within a month of tlin schedule being filed, so that Mr. Giles lost hi* action against Mr. Leaser, and was ordered to pay cost* amounting to L 194. It was the .lefAilt of paying those cost* which conititutsd the contempt for which Mr. Ciles was arrested. It depends upon the pleasure sf the judge how long lie may be detuned, for a person in this predicament hi? no definite santence pronounced against him, and must remain ra custody until it is considered that he is purged nf his contempt. The •• Creswick Advertiser" ttates that the Chief Secretary has accepted an invita tion from the local branch of the Reform League, and will address a meeting in tho Creawiek Town-Hall nn the 3rd proximo. -Messrs Longraore and W. C. Smith will also be present. An Argus telegram from Wellington, Kew Zealand, on Thursday states —I'he latest from the Thames reports that the two Maories whom the chiefs promised to sur render, now declare that they will neither give themselves v]-, nor submit t> bs givn up. They ?ay, let the Government take tliem if they can. A surveyor on the Liwcr Waikato has been warned by the native, by the Maori King's order, to survey u? more roads. On the 28th August, while the steamer Durham was at sea, one of the third c'a? passeugers, named J. Cosgrove, deliberately walked to the forward part of the vessel, and threw himself overboard. The iteamer was immediately stopped, and every; assUtmce reudered to rescue the foolish man, Lut it w? of no avail, and by the time the boats g?t to him, life was found to be extinct. H? was taken on board, and shoitly afterwards buned at sea in the u>ual manner. 