LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 2nd Deoembbe. In answer to questions by hon. member?, it was elicited—-that the Chief Inspeotor of stock was of opinion that the cattle that had died some time since at. Pakenham was free from disease; that the Chief Secretary was inclined to appoint a commission to inquire into the working of the stock department-;—that arrangements of the old Hobson'a Bay Company with regard to the conveyance of wheat were being maintained, but that they would be gradually assimilated to the arrangements on the other Government lines. If the farmers looked forward to any large export trade in wheat, it wonld be necessary to bnild special trucks, and conBtruot other necessary conveniences. CABLSBUHXAICD DA.YUSSTOBD RAILWAY. Sir Bryan O'Loghlea introduced a bill to authorise the extension of the Oarlsruhe and Dayleeford Railway, The measure was to allow the cite of the station at Daylesford to be removed a few chains beyond the place originally proposed.. ... The bill was read a first time, and ordered to be read a seoond time on Thursday. CONSTITUTION ACT AMENfcHENT BILL. • The House resolved itself into a committee to further consider this bill. Mr. Bernr moved that the sixth clause, as printed,' should be struok out, for the purpose of inserting the following amendment :—" Notwithstanding the ' rejection' of an annual appropriation bill er of a consolidated revenue bill by the Legislative Council, and in the event of such ' rejection' then on the adoption by the Legislative Assembly of any report from the committee of supply containing a resolution that any sum be granted to .her Majesty such sum shall become legally available for and applicable to the service or purpose mentioned in such resolution, and may be issued accordingly out of the consolidated revenue, anything in the fifty- fifth section of the ' Constitution Act' to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always that the 1 rejection' of any such bill may be held to have taken place for the purposes of this section upon any such bill not having been passed by the Legislative Council within one month after its transmission from the Legislative Assembly unlesB Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued." He had no doubt but that a good deal of regret would be experienced by hon. members that it Bhould be necessary to embody such a provision in an Act of Parliament, but the past dangers and inconveniences of deadlocks demanded that it should be inoluded, and it contained what bad been contended for by the Assembly on the four occasions wben those deadlocks had been experienced. If it'was not aocepted by tbe Assembly, it would be the recording of the opinion that the Assembly hadbeen invariably wrong id all those contests. (Hear, hear.) The 56th section of that Act did embody, as it was intended to do, all those principles which were maintained by the House of Commons, viz., that all questions of taxation and. expenditure should be initiated by the Government, and dealt with in the Commons, the Council having no right to alter, but possessing power to reject, such measures or proposals. The House of Commons always embodied all their ways and means in one bill. (Mr. Casey: Except Appropriation Bills.J He could assure hon. members that a variety of taxes had been included in one bill by the House of Commons. (An hon. member: No.) He did not wish to state that such was done in every case, but the House of Commons had done so to protect their privileges. The repeal of the Paper .Bill was so embodied. He mentioned it in order to more clearly show what underlies the Reform Bill, and what has been done by the House of Commons. If the Legislative Council had been willing to adhere to the practice of the House of Lords, it would have been sufficient, but they went further, and placed their power over the Assembly. He considered that they were entitled to the same privileges as the House of Commons, but he concluded from that that they were reckoned not equal to the Commons, and therefore not entitled to it. He thought the clause he had submitted would meet all parties, and would be very much surprised at any difference in the ranks of Liberals— (An hon. member: That's your side.)—over the settlement of the question. From the year 1865 until the present time he had never heard a doubt expressed, ixntil very recently, as to the power they claimed, and he maintained that the Constitution gave them the power to pay on the authority of the Assembly alone. (" Hear, hear," and " No, No.") He was of opinion thatit was the intention of the framers of the Act to give the As- sembly all the rights and privileges of the House of Commons. He desirejd to impress upon hon. members that theiy asked for nothing more than what was embodied^ in the Act, and it was according to the opinion of the best of lawyers as he had stated, and the free interpretation of the clause was that money was payable on the vote of the Assembly alone. It was, however, considered desirable to take the opinion of the other House, although they never dreamed it would ever be used as it had been on four different occasions, whereby the whole machinery of the colony had been thrown out of order. This clause would only be used to prevent such disaster, and with it on the Statute-book there would be no more deadlocks in the colony. The question he had to submit to hon. members for their consideration was to choose between this clause and tbe probability of another dead- lock. He was not surprised at the opposition offered to it by hon. members on the other side of the House, bnt if the clause was rejected, it was practically saying that all the action of the Assembly had been wrong, wbereae, by accepting it, they could never be thrown into another deadlock. Mr. Gillies said he 'did not know that he would have had anything to say upon this clause at all had not the Chief Secretary thought it his duty to go over the old ground that had been so often gone over before, and to make statements which were wholly without foundation. The objections which he (Mr. Berry) said the clause in its amended form would override did not represent the objections of the Opposition, and he (Mr. Gillies! Gillies) was further surprised that the hi Hon. gentleman should continue to reiterate what he asserts to be the claims of this House in matters of finance being placed on a par with those of the House of Commons. The House of Commons claimed no such praotioe as that contained in the 6th clause whatever. The despatch of the Secretary of State for the Colonies clearly laid down the -practice of that body with respect to the-payment of public moneyB, and on what authority. The opinion given by various learned gentlemen here, to the effect that money could be made available Without . the authority of an Appropriation Act, was baaed on a mis^ t -— and that misapprehension was that it was the praotioe of the House of Commons so to do. Now, however, we wet* made aware beyond a doubt that it wm not the praotioe of the House of Commons. That question wrb raised last session, and a despatch was lent heme to the Imperial authorities to know whether moneys eould beooOM legally available upon the adoption of resolution reported to the House. They were told moneys under suoh eiroumstaneM were not legally available, and Ministers were well aware of the case when they instructed the Governor to send home to find that out. Now, what he (Mr. Gillies) wanted to do was to point out clearly, step by step, that whioh they were now oompelled to admit —first, that in our law, money oould not be made legally available after being simply reported to the House from oommittee of supply. That was not legal scoording to onr law. Here, in a clear manner, it was laid before them that suoh not the practice of the House «f Commons. The hon. member then pro- ceeded to read from the despatch of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach to show that the money did not become available until appropriated by an Act of Parliament, and embodied in a bill passed by both Houses of Legislature. Nothing, in his opinion, could be more clearly laid down. The bill was introduced and passed by both Houses before the money could become legally available. His (Mr. Gillies's) attention had been drawn to an assertion that the Chief Secretary had not referred this question home. In fact, the Chief Secretary denied it. He (Mr. Gillies) accordingly read from a copy of Sir George Bowen's letter to the Secretary of State, wherein it was stated that he (Sir George) asked the question' at the instance of his advisers. Mr. Berry: Why don't you read the memorandum of the Government, not what another person writes ? Mr. Gillies : If the hon. gentleman would deny the accuracy of the despatch, of course he would say no more about it. Mr. Berry desired to explain. There was all the difference in the world between the facts as laid down. The Governor, in seeking advice, had to state the case fully, and the Government therefore gave him all the information in their power to enable him to do so correctly. That was a totally different thing from advising him to send home. Mr. Gillies oontended there could be no doubt as to the interpretation of the extract he had just read, for everyone believed it was on the advice of his Ministers that the Governor sent home. The Chief Secretary had before stated that the practice of paying moneys after the fashion of the 6th clause was not to be a permanent, but only a temporary one. He (Mr. Gillies) could see - it was now intended to be permanent. If the bill was passed into law, this clause would be a great Btumbling-block to it, and would, before long, have to be repealed. He (Mr. Gillies) had, however, not the ghost of a fear of the bill becoming law, for neither this clause nor the plebiscite would be advocated by a single statesman in England. He had hoped that they would have dropped the clause altogether, for, after all, it was not better than it was in its original form. The mere fact of the existence of the check was-a very valuable safeguard, and it should, herefore, not be destroyed. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen replied. He conended that the Crown law officers in England had never been consulted as to what was the law of England regarding financial questions, but simply as to the practice of the House of Lords and tho House of Commons. Ia consequence of the non- interference of the Lords the House of Commons had not of late years been forced to assert its rights, but it was an undeniable fact that they had power to vote money to the Crown without consulting the other branch of the Legislature. The tariffs of 1877 and 1878 were instancesjof where money had been voted by the mere resolution of the House of Commons. The people here only claimed what their fellowsubjects had at home, and he did not for one moment think that the Imperial Legislature would reject any bill which, after mature consideration, the bnlk of the people of this colony had shown themselves to be really i» favour of. The day was long past when tbe voice of a majority oould be left unheard. Hon. members opposite ought to realise that fact. Mr. Casey desired the Attorney-General to show that this power existed. He must also bear in mind that side by side with his opinion there was the opinion of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach and other membert of the House of Commons, who did not claim for the House of Commons what tbe Attorney-General asked. It was we* known that there were to be no tacks j _ bolt. supposing another Government came into power, whioh, instead of paying all members of Parliament, resolved only W pay the majority which supported its views* what was there under the alteration proposed to check this ? '' Mr. Andrew: That is absolute nonsense. The minority could present this. , Mr. Casey: How can they do this? Mr. Andrew: By a stonewslL " Mr. Casey: But there might be an irok hand. He only desir^tbat suchthings be passed and in eluded : in'the Wll jtm, hott. members could defend batore' **^ stituents. He admitted effects that had followed from; I of appropriation bills, and wasj assist in making any neor""" in the constitution. All ^ was to try and. make the ^ as possible, and the pw^ioe inth j to granting supplies and imngulu identical with tie prastioe at home, however, as he believed, the propoealolttQ Attoraey-Genenil went .beyond thi*, he jff^sfeafterifr ought not to be amended. • Mr. Lalor said the clause now under consideration ashed for no more or no other eights than thoBe enjoyed by the House of . Cotamons. If the Upper House rejected an appropriation bill m there to be no remedy f \- Ift JiiB opinion the only remedy was estab- Hshing a nominee chamber. If the two Houses come to loggerheads, was therefore the whole government of the country to be brought to a standstill P No Government could be responsible to two Houses, and he \- toped hon. members of aw Opposition would defer their attempt to put the present Government out of offiee to some other time, and give their assistance in settling the constitution question. The reason why this eixth elause was proposed was to embody in the written law what was already part of that law. in theory, so that there shall be no more mistakes between the two chambers on what were the powers of the Assembly. If there was a proper nominee House it was his opinion there would not be any necessity for • sixth clause or the plebiscite. Sir John O'Shanassy maintained that the Chief Secretary had changed his opinions on this question, for in 1861 he took a very different stand with regard to the proceedings of the Legislative Council in dealing with reform bills. It had been argued that •apply could be given by the House of Commons by simple resolutions, but that was -mot really the faot, and it must also be , remembered that here they had, in 1867, passed an Act making it necessary to pass a bill legalising the granting of supply. He himself was completely in favour of pacing the initiating of money bills in one House ; but, at the same time, he wanted a check. He thought the cases quoted by the Attorney-General had completely broken down. Messrs. Andrew, Riohardson, Tuoker, and Professor Pearson spoke in favour of the clause; and Messrs. Kerferd, Dow, Cooper, Blackett, R. M. Smith, and Dr. Madden against it. The original 6th clause was struck out, and then the new clause proposed by the government as a substitute for it was put t,!id carried on the following division:— Ayes ... Noes ... 36 35 Majority for the clause ... 1 Subjoined is the division-list:— Ayes. Messrs. Andrew, Barr, Bell, Berry Billeon, Bowman, D. Cameron, A. T. Clark, W. M'G. Clark, Cook, B. G. Davies, D. M., Davies, Dixon, Fincham, Grant, Hunt, . Johnstone, Langridge, Laurens, Longmore, Mason, Mirams, Nimmo, O'Hea, Sir B. O'Loghlen, Messrs. Patterson, Bees, Richardson, Sainsbury, L. L. Smith, Major Smith, Messrs, Smyth, Story, Tucker, Tytherleigh, •Woods. Noes, Messrs. Bayles,. Bent, Bird, Blackett, Bosisto, Brop'ny, E. Cameron, Carter, Casey, B, Clark (S.), B. Clark (W.), Cooper, Dow, Francis, Fraser, Gaunson, Gillies, Graves, Harper, Kerferd, Kernot, MacBain, Mackay, Dr. Madden, Messrs. M'Intyre, Moore, Sir J. O'Shanassy, Messrs. Bamsay, Sergeant, Sh&rpe;, A, R, Smith, B. M. Smith, Williams, Young, Zox. Pairs.—For—Messrs. Lalor, Fergusson, .and Pearson. Against—Messrs. Service, Orr, and Duffy. The announcement of the result of the division was received with loud and prolonged cheering, on both sides. The House adjourned until next day. Wednesday, 3bd Dkoktvtbeb. . The Speaker took the chair at the usual hour. . The questions were postponed. THE 8UPBEME COUBT PBA.CX1CB BUX. . Mr. F., L. Smyth moved that this bill be .considered in committee. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen opposed the motion on the ground that a measure of such importance should have been the outcome of ,the Government. As the Government had not had time to introduce such a measure, they were compelled to oppose it. \- Mr. jTrancis said the bill itself, as it stood, was excellent... It had, in the main, been drafted under the superintendence of Mr. Justice Fellows. Mr. Longmore made a lengthened attack, on the late Judge Fellows, reviewing -Ids action in several criminal cases, and averring that he had been biassed by Catholic proolivities. He then went on Jo accuse the hon. member for Warrnambool of ^having m^deuBe of religiousfeeling W.his late eleqtiop, by. Btating that it was Contemplated fcy the Government' to hand over,the control of the Catholic'children' in itfie Industrial Schools to . their own coreligionists, . baaing,. Ms remarks on a paragrapji in the Argus..' 5e (Mr. Francis) bad fiet one party against the oilier to .defeat the Government „ The Speaker, pn being appealed to, said Mr, Ijongpjore'i remarks ipight haye some bearing on,the^ubject, but.'he could not jOTC^iye .,. .•'. . „.Mi, Longmore continued to accuse Mr. ftanpis of tinipering w^th a religious quepj and feferred to the hon. member for ,O'Shanass^'said the paragraph \- probably, arose out of a nbn-i ^ondeijce' with' the'' Government " ngness of. the denominapresented to' issutae the ation yi Catholic children ^ maintenance was defrayed Mr. Longmore atill wntanned his oharges, assertingthat Mr. Francis had gained his seat bya fraud. (Oh, oh.) Mr. Francis indignantly denied that he had in any way used the Influence of a religious party to further his election. Mr. Kerferd severely Censored Mr. Lonemore for his attack on Judge Fellows, ana, reading the offending paxagraghfrOm the Argus, said he considered Mr. Longmore had no ground for his accusations against Mr. Francis. The debate continued till recess. THK ESrOEM BILL. After recess, a short.debate ensued upon the report of the committee to the House, and a division was called for, the bill being eventually reported by a vote of 27 to 38. The third reading was fixed for the following night, thecall of the whole House being arranged for 9 o'clook. •ma cxrsroHB bu.t.. Mr. Lalor moved the second reading of this bill. Mr. Bent opposed it on the ground ot economy. There was great commercial depression, and it behoved the Government to keep an eye upon this matter. He wonld move that '' the Government, instead of increasing public expenditure, should decrease it." He would, suggest the wholesale reconsideration of all oivil service salaries exceeding £300 per annum. The debate continued until about 10 o'clock, the chief question being whether a division should be taken or not, (the time of the House being occupied on the discussion of points of order and practioe. At about five minutes to ten the point was settled, and the House divided with the following result:—For the second reading of the bill, 43 ; against, 25. The House then went into committee. On olause 5, relating to exemptions, Mr. M'Intyre moved that rock-boring machines be included in the list of exemptions. Mr. Lalor said the question had been already deoided in the negative. Messrs. Billsnn and L. L. Smith spoke against the motion. Mr. Mackay advocated the amendment. Under the present system the country was being swamped with inferior articles. Mr. Lalor again responded, defending the duty at length. In imposing this the Government were but following the example of the United States. The committee divided, the reBult being— ayes, 26 ; noes, 28. Mr. Casey then moved another amendment that winnowing and threshing machines be included in the list of exemptions. Mr. Lalor intimated that he was prepared to report progress, as the discussion would probably occupy a considerable time. Progress was reported, and the House adjourned at 11 o'clock. 