OUR MELBOURNE LETTER \ {l'ltOM OUiR OWN COERESPONDBNT.) - : Of course tho one topic of conversation politically is, the return/of Mr Berry. All parties are eager for a full account of the doings' of the Embassy from the llpo of the Chief himself, and his idea of the help we are likely to receive from, the home authorities m our Constitutional Reform endeavours. We shall now, I suppose; hear clearly what treatment our Premier actually received at the hands of Downingstreet, and what assurances Sir Michael Hicks- Beacli gavo him of assistance. Meanwlule our Reform League.and Trades Unions are making vigorous preparations for the ChiejE Secretary's entry into Melbourne; : They intend being lavish in everything, and the gutters are metaphorically to flow with milk and honey, and altogether wo are to havo particularly 1 "-.high jinks.'.'. , For my.part I'm.very glad of it, and,so are many others, for though ltmayhe profitable to sit. at the feet ofsuch politicaLGamaliels as Murray Smith,: Serwce.and— MrGaunson, one is prone nevertheless to sigh: after the flesh pots of-Egypt, - and hail .with.delight the very prospect of a banquet even as- the street; boys ;are. .said:. toderive an incredible amount,ofinourisliment from the steam of • the cook shop windows., - In order: that there may-be-no,doubt as to the proposed, gorgeousuess ofthetriumphal .banquet in your .readprs ? ;miuds,-1-may tell them that the circular lying on my table informs me that nothing ;will-be spared: to: make the affair a. complete success. Verily is your;, politican a lover of good fat capon^ and . while crying lustily-for Constitutional. Reform, has always time to-en^oy a good, dinner.- Mark Twain-used to say that the pursuit of politics renders a man peculiarly . susceptible of the beauties of a ; sirloin of beef, though whether he meant, this as a, compliment, or- intended to infer that , politicians i were . always hungry.-deponent luiowetli. not. -But he does know that despite the effect Mr Gaunaon's Ararat speech,ought -to liave (mhis own estimation) on men's appetites, it only from the '' awful" domgs of the Ministry} hundreds of applications have, already :been made for the bauquet tickets;.: and: if the demand continues in the same >ratio I am afraid an enlargemont of the: Town Hall will - be rendered necessary, to .hold the Chief - Secretary's : weleoiners. I • should hardly tlunk it: will be worth the while of ; any.of. our aspiring orators :to mount the: stump in tho-meanwhile. I know there are several.with schemes of Constitutionah; Reform that will -convert; this howling. political wildei'ness of Victoria into a per- 1 feet paradise, but.Messieurs 'my, masters,-; remember , Mr. Berry .is here; and . has brought with him his particular,cure for our ills; and though we admit of course that your-,schemes are perfection itself, still, gentlemen, methinks 'twill be but sunple courtesy- to hear what Mr Berryhas first to say. At one time:I congratulated myself: on not:being ^--shareholder or depositor in the Australian and European Bank. Now I regret it lf-.only for having lost the opportunity of adding my practicaltestimony., to the.straightforward, honestimanner in; which the bank's affairs have been -conducted I don't fancy there'll be much trouble to collect the £1 call that has been made. , As soon aa I . receive the' remittance I have been expecting from the • old' country, any time.-these tenvyears; I shall at ,once become.a;customor : of the Austra-; liau and European Even at the worst aspect of affairs, very few of the shareholdeis^seemedjiervously anxious to dis : pose of their interest, and refused to accept any heavy discount Would to heaven for the sake of many small trades men n this city, the -same could be said of anothei institution we wot of. ^ The Chinese evd is cropping up again. Your readers will lemember the case the: other day, of the two girls from "Ballaratj-; whom the inmates of ®ne.of;ihe :vile densendeavoured to drug andjstupify with; opium, and failing that devilish scliomo to forcibly detain WeU, 1 hear that the authorities have reason to believe that there ire othei females of a tender age residing in the Chinese quarter, and a strict SBarch i to bo made and an in ' quiry nstituted as to their antecedents; and belongings This kind of thing hasbeen talked-of and -the evil deplored long enough ° Our new-comic opera " H M S Pina ' fore,' is creating a great furore m Europe and Apier ca Mr Sheridan Corhyn, a Sa'n Fiancisco theatrical agent says —' When a professioral goes into a theatrical agency in New York, he is -a ked " Can you sing? ' and if "he-can lie is immediately started off Tjrith a " Pjna fore party" Messrs Gilbert and'Suliivan's play has certainly bfecome quite the ra^e, and mu the turning them in a nice round sum ' Talking of shoijs reminds ma thatapro fesaional friend of mine ?how«d me 3 letter the other day which he had eceivedfroma tTmted States travelling ^howman«asking him to -obtain sufficient space at our In-i tetnational '^Exhibition, in which io ex-; bibit a collection of li e tigers, a lion a pantliei and one oi ti o other interesting; speoiesof wild annua 3 He says ho don't »md paying liberally for^jhe npw»; allotted him, but for all that I'm afraid he's not likely to show: ilia menagerie "there. . By-tlie-bye, I: understand the Commission do, not see their, way clear to accept the offer of a United States firm to land a -:,peal of bellsfreeof allcharge right on to tlio' Exhibition ground if a lower wore provided for their reception. The bells, of course, to remain the property of the firm, :?who chose this method of advertising their being for sale ' I am .sorry to say some.of our largest firms continue to • -find it necessary - to -shorten hands, and next week several of ; their employes are to be dismissed If : matters .do not quickly improve I'm afraid : :tho, registration list at the unemployed = oilice will be. a verv Icngthv one", and take Mr Berry a long time to get through when he returns. Two of our principal bookmakers have : had a difference about some wagering over :', the late Adelaide meeting, and the discus-' sion grew so warm : that at: last fisticUfis:' Were resorted to. .s "Thief," " rogue," " welcher,!' were mild epithets to some • that were bandied about.' Their disagreements are, I learn, to be ,settled some fine mornmg-in the:"ropes;" How these gentry love one another, and what a con- 1 solation it is to know that " when rogues fall out honest men get their own." l see that ..by the Lusitania will arrive > Professor ,Pepper, so well known la the old couutry in connection with spectral illusions and the science of. optics.: To Londoners of 25 years ago : Pepper's ghosts were, household words. - The pro- fessoi's repei toire includes . the electric " light, spectrum analysis, musical notes rendered visible, - the Darwinian theory, telegraph, telephone, marvellous optical illusions, ghosts, the modern metempscychosis, torpedo .warfare,, and a host of otner interesting wonders.: Mr Ellcry and-a number of our scientific people are making arrangements to give the profes- : sor a fitting welcome,'as such gentlemen are considered a gam to a young colony like ourselves. For .my own part, I shall gladly welcome the professor as one who in •: these depressed times is capable o£ making the "ghost walk." . Another of our old colonists gone m tlie person of Mr Moton Moss, aged 79. The deceased had been nearly half a century m the colonies; and had during that lengthened period played many parts. In the early days he made large -sumB of money by purchasing gold at a great bargam,, the facilities for disposing of the precious metal not then being so accessible: as ln.Jater days. He speculated m all sorts of things—insurance, banking, minlug, and purchased considerable quantities of land in Carlton many, years ago. He. was also well known in the general auction marts of the city, : where his chaff, not always of the most refined order; lam sorry to say, was-" wont to raise a laugh." -He has died full of -years-andnches, and with him goes another of our landmarks of ancient Victorian history. •The correspondent at Palmerston, Northern Territory, of the South Jnstrahan Advertiser, writes as follows on the 21st ult. :—" There -has been very considerable mortality among the Chmese immigrants, and it is strongly snspected. that much inhumanity is exhibited by the Chinese to their fellow-countrymen when. m a sick or dying state. With a view of ascertammg the truth or otherwise of this supposition, an inquest was held' at the courthouse on May5 on the body of a Chinaman named Pack Soey, who had died on the previous day. The Government Resident conducted the inquiry, and, a large amount of-evidence was adduced. Tho jury returned the verdict, Died by the visitation of God but it was clear enough from the testimony that the unfortunate Celestial had been left by his fellow-countrymen lying on thegreund with , insufficient- covering, only, a ' fly' ' being, rigged: over him* The. coroner, in , summing up, remarked on the general inhumanity of the Chinese, saying no sooner : was any of them ill than he was. turned out of doors. The cold piercing wind of the last fow mormugs was enough to: kill any one, ill with fever, if exposed to the open air." • - The Electrician says that M. Mascart lias invented a mechanical register to accompany Sir W. Thomson's quadrants electrometer, which will enable the variations of atmospheric electricity and terrestrial magnestisin to;be easily recorded. • The Paris Gas Lighting and Heating Company sold gas in 1878 to the value of £232,776 more than in1877, its total sales of gas alone amounting m that year to £1, 928,232, and in 1878 to £2,161,008. In 1855 it sold 40,774,400 cubic metres of gas, in 1877 191,1.97,228 cubic metres. The demand is still increasing, and so rapidly . that each month is m .advance of the corresponding month m the preceding year all through that year. The sale of. byproducts reach to. the value of about 40 •per cent, that of sales of gas. 