? CONCERT.—On Tuesday evening a concert in aid of the organ fund of St. Michatrs Church, Mitcham, was given in the Town Hall, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, Colonel Downee, and the officers of the Military Force. The services of Mr. Samuel Dyke, Mr. G. Ougbton, Mr. W. R. Pybus, the Military Baud, Miss Playford, Miss Vaughan, Messrs. Nash, Coombes, and Narroway, the members of the Musical Union, and a trained choir of at least 150 children were secured, and it was confidently hoped that the entertainment would have been a financial success. Judging from tbe fact that the hall was not half filled we fear that when accounts are settled up the balance will be on the wrong side of the ledger. We are not disposed to criticise the instrumentalists severely, but we feel compelled to protest against; the performances of the Military Baud in the Town Hall as quite out of place. Some idea may be formed of the ear-splitting effect of about thirty brass instruments doing their best to execute the noble music of Mendelssohn and Rossini when we state as a fact that it rendered the majestic strains of even the great organ quite inaudible. And this crushing weight of sound was the more to be regretted on account of. the instruments being sadly out of tune. This was specially the case in the performance of the overture to Rossini's " Italiani in Algieri." We mention this in all kindness, and with the hope that it may be remedied in any future concert of the kind by the substitution of harmony for mere noise. There were also several redeeming features in the performances. In the first part the tasteful singing of the ladies before- mentioned, and of Messrs. Trowell and Dyke, were a great relief to the ear, and appealed with much force to the perceptions of the audience of the beauties and elegances of melodious sounds. Mr. Oughton's manipulation of the organ was also both judicious and skilful, especially in the second part. This included the performance, for the first time in Adelaide, of " The Musical Robinson Crusoe," a kind of " service of song." The connecting parts were delivered by the Rev. J. F. Hocter, M.A., extemporaneously. The rev. gentlemen was very brief in his remarks, and always both effective and to the point. The musical portion consisted of about a dozen songs and choruses, the words of which, like Moore's melodies, appear to have been written to existing tunes. It may be thought something rather incongruous to hear the great organ with a full band accompanying choruses arranged to such airs as "John Anderson my Jo," "Oh, dear Robinson Crusoe," and similar ditties; but apart from this the entire performance was of a satisfactory character, the children having been evidently well trained in their respective parts. Some slight changes were made in the programme arising from the absence of Messrs. McBiide and Christen, in consequence of which Miss Playford sang "Alas, those chimes" with much taste and an evident appreciation of its ideal beauties. The performances were concluded with the National Anthem at about half-past 10 o'clock. WHITE'S ROOMS.—D'Arcy Read's Ghost entertainment was again well patronised on Tuesday evening, and everything passed of in a satisfactory manner, Miss Read's singing and dancing being received with applause. The entertainment will be continued during the week. COURSING MATCH.—The match between Mr. W. R. Rounsevell's Rondeletia and Mr. Wagner's Joan of Arc, which was arranged some time ago, will not take place, as Mr. Wagner has paid forfeit. THE AMERICAN WAR.—Mr. W. H. Thompson's diorama of the American War from a Confederate point of view is announced for production at White's Rooms on Monday evening Best. The engagement between the warships Alabama and Hatteraa and the funeral of General Jackson are prominent features in the spectacle. The interest of the entertainment will be increased by the performance of Lieutenant Herman, the ventriloquist. PROFESSOR HERMAN.—Under the name of the " Wizard of the East," this performer gave an entertainment in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, August 12. There was a small attendance. The entertainment was divided into two parts, a conjuring performance and a " drawing-room entertainment." LIEDBRTAFBL.—The Adelaide Liedertafel held another of their successful gentlemen's socials on Tuesday evening, August 12. Some excellent choruses were sung, and the rendering of " Meeres Stille " was a masterly piece of vocalization, and the gem of the evening. " Sountag am Rhein," Schifferleid," and "Hurrah, Germania were also given in excellent style, Mr. F. Basse gave a piano solo " Marche militaire," his own composition, which was received with applause, and Messrs. Mumme, Otto, H. Christen, and Trowell appeared to such advantage in their songs that each had to answer to an enthusiastic encore. Mr. G. T. Harris had also the honour of an encore for a flate solo. Mr. Pybus accompanied the songs, and Mr.. Puttmann, the leader of the Liedertafel, acted as conductor. FOOTBALL.—A football match between a team of players connected with the legal establishments of this city and a combined team of Civil servants and bankers was played on tbe North Park Lands on Tuesday afternoon, August 12. The ball was kicked off at 4 o'clock by the law team against the wind, but it soon became evident that the combined team were overmatched, and the result was that the lawyers kicked six goals to their opponents' two. The goals for the law team were kicked by Bleechmore (3), Brophy, J. Smith, and J. Palmer. C. Hughes and H. Bliaman kicked the goals for the combined team. Messrs. J. H. Sinclair and C. Hughes were the respective captains, and Mr. A. McMichael filled the position of field umpire. 