[?] Luke Stivers' Harvest. By K. WALTER SWAN. The 'Sydney Mail' Prize Tale, Chapter XII.— A Tickic. One evening the Miodorf Town Clerk announced to the Council tbat Ike lorough had increased during' the patt rear, that the revenue was proportionately larger, and that the new houses which -were being built were equally a credit to the town and the colony. Councillors endorsed the statement, and intimated in a triumphant manner that business was improving — that there was a great future in uun: *w luk yia%x. * iivy uu i^tuwxiuu tmi it iixetr repre sentatives in tho Assembly could be prevailed upon to move the Government to erect a breakwater, and dredge in a general way about the harbour, the elasticity of the borough would prove to bo beyond any moderate amount of specula tion, and tho value of property increase to fabulous rates. These prospects hnd an unusually stimulating effect in tho local senate, and were tho cause of the chairman intimating with unencumbered geniality that lie wouldn't mind assist ing to give a picnic te tho burgesses. The contagion of the liberality became epidemic, and councillors, with due respect for the standing orders, suspended them forthwith, and intimated that thoy would severally assist. A ponder ous grocer who that, day had let u mouldy cottage for 20s. a week offered the tisc of liis waggonette and £5 towards the treat. Those who snubbed him from the prominence of a genteckr position felt their pride of caste aroused to ih» extent of £7 10s. each : and, finally, the chairman, not to be outdone in the liberality evoked on this momentous occasion. invited liie colleagues to itdjouni to the nearest public-house, ?where he called for rfujuot lie had tliat very morning sup plied at 3Cb. per dozen. The magnates of Mindorf retired to the best room in the house, whei-o it came to pass that the convivial party did not break up till an early hour, after ?which tho local representatives taied their ingenuity to account for their prolonged absences from their several bed rooms. Tho reasons given, it is seedless to state, wore all rambling and wholly unsatisfactory. It was in this manner tho celebrated picnic to -be Sandstone Point was conceived, and when in the fulness of time it became bruited about that the burgesses and visitors wore to be regaled in the manner stated, the idea was embraced with popular fervour, and Mindorf clustered with enthusiastic canvassers on the spirited conduct of their councillors. For a long time preceding the day fixed, tho drapers' ?windows were filled with gipsy hats and Manchester prints ' fitted for the outdoor amusement; grocers displayed citron and other cognate delicacies for the requisite calces ; \ there were massacres in the fowl-yards ; porkers were sacri ficed at tender ages ; and amongst the slaughter-yards the 'sides' dressed in anticipation were, tho Town Clerk remarked, a ' caution to beef- eaters.' Finally, when the spring day came round, proclaimed a holiday for the occa sion, and the horsewomen and horsemen paired off and rode away ; when the packed traps bearing delicacies and holi day-makers set forth ; when cargoes of fresh-facod children and smiling matrons mottled the white road with lifo and colour, making for the Bunny slope that was among tho hills, cragged with monoliths and spotted with murmuring oaks and feathery mimosas, and when the fragrance of the yellow blosRoms swept down upon tho groups, and the laughter and the voices moved over upon the hill-sides, ?? even the most patrician x-f the visitors permitted themselves ? to grow gay within the limits of refined decorousness. Mr. ^Mivers was reminded of past years and bush days among the glowing heaths and patches of wild flowers. It is a long time before memories lose their freshness ; they live green. when life is withered, and when they steal down upon us bearing the passages of lost yesterdays, the breath of blos soms and tho glows and lights that made life a happiucss and strength a pride, they startle up emotions with soft appealing. The resonance of voices from that tide comes to ub with their faded hopes, and the summer times that have died, amongst the years. Mivers looked drearily round ; -he had won the purples and the homage; his loug career of scrambling and of grasping had been run ; he had clam bered up from every fear of poverty to the autocracy of the pureo, and before his money-bags all bent in worship. Beyond the Mils lay his sources of income and moved his hundred flocks ; over there worked his son ou his behalf, and elsewhere men who 6cnt him in princely returns from their vigilance and labour. Such though!* as sunshine and croigs, greenness and moving trees, the breath of spring and the tenderness of the day, brought to him, may have urged the Croesus of the party to regard with softened interest the figure of a girl beside him. She had a proud, grave face, and her tender eyes gave it in unusual churm, because they struck contrasts in it, and lighted up some thing better than beauty— something more powerful than . beauty gives. Soft black hair, as luminous as her eyes, a slight firm figure, and this is Helen Mivers. Young* ladies of her own age were with her in all the coquetry of jauuti ness and the simpering daintiness of unequalled ladydom. It was quite a pretty group, and there were many others. There were, too, the manner in which gentlemen deferred to the central figure of Mivers ; the way die ladies unbent into genial companionship towards him; the whispered speeches, and the ring of laughing — the gay trimmings ; the cun ningly displayed feet and elaborate petticoat borders — [ laughing eyes— arms showing the symmetry of their round ness ; and the spreading of tablecloths here and there, show ing like snow-patches below the scattered shades ; eating; in the grass ; little screams in the dread of snakes, little cling ings also; appealing looks to the elegant strength and courage of genteel manhood, inspired by similar causes — the most useful factor in the creation of such sudden emotions being lizards ; and not at all behind in adding to the excitement, ants, liberally provided by nature for furious and efficient biting, and possessed of indomitable courage. All this and much more not to be detailed. There was dancing on the green to a band that played instruments with local skill and straining' eyes. These un dulating movements were interrupted by twigs, and the general poetry- of motion was punctuated by stones of semi colon obsrructiveness. There were games to show the ?athleticsideof the gentlemen's resources, and the running and jumping in stockinged feet and picturesque shirts were said to be one of the liveliest features. Maidens gathered round, stimulating the athletes to wildest effort; but,, to the disgust of all competitors, 'a fellow' in moleskins so far surpassed the gentlemen that even the most mendacious of judges could have no option but to put on impartial and stern airs and declare him the ?winner. When the day had worn' down to yellow, and the hills . were tawuing with deepening; colour, Miss Mivers told a gentleman who had remained devoutly by her side through out the day that it was time to get the horses. Mr. Mivers ' put his. hand on that of his niece with a warmth unusual ) for him, and seconded the request. I 'Miss Mivers is riding, Mr. Mansfield, and you will \- remember lhat neither of yeu is well acquainted with the road: I trust to you, sir, to sec my niece home before ?aart.' Mr. Mansfield rose hastily, expressing his assurances that Mr. Mivers' wishes should be attended to, and left for the horses, dimly to be seen moving restively below a clump of ' .trees. . . . . ? .-? ' Be is not a^ood horseman, Helen, and you must hurry him through the hOU; tho shadows and trees will make it dark. My man will drive me by the road.' Mr. Mansfield could not boast of either good horseaian »hip or bush lore. It was some time before the horses were icooy, and bis efforts to seat Miss Mirers on the saddle showed prodigious perseverance. Ho caagfet ner fort ia his i i and guvc out thc lna€ic ' one- ***»- t&rec;' «- ofte:l lost he ninst have scored twenty Icforc pMrnp; her on ths horse. Xratt he found a difficulty in itouaUnjr himself. His etoed was lcstlcss, and he hopped afeeot in distressing circle b with one foot in the stirrup before fts* saw the oppor tunity for making a spring. When he -did throw his Ie? over the saddle be found himself uncomfortably paisei m the buck part of the seat, and tho horso gaily can tcrinjr off in the wrong direction. These preliminaries being eventu ally overcome, they started on t'uc-Ir way, guided on their return by pedestrians who were following the same track They rede ihrouph the bills by dimming growths of tree* till tho voices of holiday-maker* ceased,' and the songs of those who had degenerated from picnieers into revellers were unheard. Thpy moved as quickly as the difficulties of the path permitted, but their progress was slow. The fiky became lit with an opal flush, and the gloim of the coming darknere was trading down. ' We must ride on till we reach the level ground,' Helen said in an uneasy voice; ' there are drunken people about and our horses are easily startiai. it must be hhi-a-mile to the plains, and there is no time to delay.' Mr. Mansfield shook the reius on his horse's neck, bat it soon became evident that cantc-ricp- was dangerous asnaayst the scattered boulders, and they oontented themselves with drawing rein and urging their horses at walking speed. ' Can j-ou see the path dearly, Mr. Mansfield:-' ' It in under our horses' feou I koo it like a faint line beneath us ; we shall »:on be past the stones.' _ There was a eky-belt of vivid red along the contour of the hills, and the clouds were moving up, carrying ^lootn and twilight. The rocks were frowning darkly, and the indis tinctness of evening hung upon their outlines. When ground and rfty took the Hamc even darkness they left their horses to their own guidar.ee, but when they expected to sse the lights of the town over tho Inn;* ntrt'tch'ot level that ran up to the ranges another row of hills towered slowly against the pky. ' 1 fear we have lost our way, Mr. Mansfield. We have teen travelling for a mile over the teJious road, aad there is nothing in si};bt to guide us.' ' We should have peon the lights of Mindorf before this; for your sake 1 wish we were at home.' ' Jfow, then : look out, you and your horses,' spake a strong voice below them. ?? Don't ride over people.' ' 1 beg your pardon,' Mansfield made haste to say, pulling back his horse suddenly ; ' we can scarcely see tho road. Which is the way to Mindorf ?' '* Oh, you're tome of the Mindorf swells; been to the picnic, 1 suppose ? ' ' We have been to the picnic.' ' Joe, take hold of that gcnt.'s bridle. I'll miud your horse, Miss. I kin only sec your hat an' feather against the sky. Got him, Joe 'i You want to go the right way ; wot 'II you give us to take you ? ' 'I'll give each of you a pound to guide us to the town.' ' A pound be hanged .' Bcgpnrdon, Miss,' laughed the first spiaker, coarsely ; ' give us ten.' 'Let go our horses,' answered Mansfield, who was by no means deficient in courage ; ' we'll find our way without you.' ' You'll just stay here,' replied the same voice, ' s'long ns we choose to ask you t'favour us with your company. Eh, Joe ? Now, tbon, about this bargain ? ' Mansfield stooped down to the figure that held his horse's bridle. ' If you don't let go the reins you shall feel the weight of my whip.' He spoke without any hesitancy, and in the voice of a man who would keen his word. 'Wot, «3o he say he'll strike you? Jest put yer hand under his foot an' unhorse him.' * ' ' Ob, Mr. Mansfield : pray be cautious, we are in their power.' Miss Mivers had scarcely finished whispering the sentence when the sharp whistle of the rider's hunting whip was heard, followed by the sound of the cut on one_ of the men's shoulders. The horse reared up, almost pulling the holder of the bridle off his feet. ' Look here,' broke out the same voice, with an oath, ' we only mennt all this 'ere for a lark, but since you are so rendy with your blow you'll stay all night, d'ye hoar ? Don't stiik'c him, Jce. You an' your gnl will stay all night, an' as much longer as we choose. Now, then, my nobie swell! Keej- your grip on that horse. This woman of yours is keepin' unilateral quiet; wonder her tongue ain't in the mess too.' '? You shall rue this, you blackguards,' spoke Mansfield, loudly, bin voice quivering; 'leave the horses alone; you'll find this the worst night's work you have stumbled ou for a long time.' 14 We'll bring em up to our hut, Joe, an Lev a better lark nor we thought on ; come.' While the man had been speaking, Mi?s Mivers could not help seeing another figure approaching, that sow aed to wait with swiftness and ease, and then ]-;msc to Jisfeu. He had hoard the most of the dialogue, and now took a part in it. ' Leave the horses aloue.'' ' Who's this card P' queried the voice ; 'if you interfere in wot'e not your business I'll bruise yer fsjrfc.' ' These men have seized our horses without any provo cation,' epoke Manf-fie'd. The newcomer simply repeated his injunction, 'leave the horses alone.' ' Not for you,' spoke tlie man, ptriliing a blow which carried him so far with it. that Helen's reins wore pulled from her hands. There seemed to bo a very brief intar cher.gQ between than, when the spokesman of the two took bis hand from the bridle, in his anxiety to defend himself ; but be hnd scarcely turned fully round before ho appeared to sink heavily down at tha horse's feet. The figure approached through the heavy dusk to'vanis the keeper of M ausfield's hoir e, but the latter gentleman had concluded tbat the lark was over and disappeared amongst a group of locks. Chai'txii XIII.— Mil. Miveus, Skmou, Professes ' Common Si:nse.' ' If you will allow me, Miss, and you, sir,' said the clear voice of the figure that had relieved the equestrians of their difficulty, ' I'll guide you home : you have branched from the tract, and made a very natural mistake.' ' I do not know how we can thank you.' Miss Mivers raid, bending forward, and unconsciously giving effect to the clear tones that were peculiar to her ; *' my uucle, Mr. 'Mivers, will, I feel certain, repay vou baudsomelv for tout Gallantry.' The figure stood silent, looking black against the stones behind and above him, and his hand that bid rested on the lady's bridle dropped fromtt. '* Who did you say, Misil'' 'Mr. Mivers — Mr. LukclMivei-s.' *' I have beard of him. You will jurdou me for saying that I look for no reward, and shall take none. In* the meantime the night is wearing on, and you are so far from the track you lost that I shall be compelled to take another road. The most unfortunate feature otr your present position is that you must trust to me wholly.' 'I will trust you,' Mi6s Mivers said, through the falling night that was rapidly shrouding the twilight; 'I trust you most fully.' She spoke altogether forgetful of her companion. Her voice met the ears of the hesitating m;m like music. *' Indeed,' he replied, stammeringly, ' you give me *nore than my reward ! This way.' He placed himself between the horses, and led them skil fully past black masses looking in the evening like entrances to Stygian gloom. He took steep hillsides where the wind blew freshly, striking back gathering clouds from the stars above, then down defiles where the horses stumbled and snorted with alarm, but still safe, till the hills upon either side yawned away from them, and the lights of Mindorf struggled faintly in the distance. ' I would leave you here,' he said, with a faint something of redness in his voice, ' but there is a ford beneath yon first lamp that is not safe.' 'Oh, sir, how can I thank you?' was ike lady's ?repl. ' You have done me — done us — a great service.' ! 'The distance to the ford is not far,' he replied softly, j ' and my service, as you are pleased to call it, will soon be over.' ' I Down in the hollow at the ford the darkness was greater than on the hillsides; even the glens held a faint suspicion of light. Below where the river Tan and hissed over the crossing, the white froth was barely to be seen coming and disappearing from where the waters churned. Mr. Mansfield loaned forward. ' You will be careful here, my man ; the j lace lool- s dangerous.' 'The guide pave for answer, ' Keep your salts steadily. . Kct'p steady, Mies.' In Ices than a minute bo was wading nearly breast high, the horses were to their bellies, and the streuu clutching and dragging at the s-kiit of Helen's habit. There was no word spoken, except a grilled exclamation of apprehension ?when the waters deepened yet further, but riders and guide found the other fide safely*. The dangers of the night were nearly over. There remained a worked-out lead to be crossid by a treacherously narrow track, and the party were in eafcty'on the metalled road below a dim lamp. Mise Mivcre stooped down as far as she could, and spoke to the stranger. ' You cannot leave us liko this : indeed you must not. I want to tell you how much I appreciate your courage and kindness. There is tbat which may bo offered U- all with out insult to any — hospitality ? You will oblige me in this?' ' Pardon use.' There was again pain evident ia the couple of words. ''My ansiery to tiiaxik you hotter is so great that I am concerned at your refusal. I shall think you are churlish.' He raised his head and looked nt her face ; both saw each other for the first time. She was flushed and earnest with, gratitude, and her large eyes were soft and earnest. His lace, with its bold beaury'and the something of nobleness upon it, startled her. He wore a coarse blue blouse, and his throat, that h;id the symmetry and strength of a pillar, was white and full. He never thought of disguising the earnest n«-s with -which he spoke. ' The service, so termed by you, which I call a simple duty, will add a few more miles to the journey I ws making to-uight; that must be my excuse; do not think I am churlish. Good night.' He had turned to go. ' Good night.' The moaning in her tone made him raise his eyes atr.iin to ece her little gaunUotted hand hold out in eager goad- bye. The j'ouug man took it &xd; bowed over it iussiiicfcivcly with a natural grace that was not to be mistaken. In a moment more ho was lost to her sight on his way to 4iie ford and through the hoarse waters. She roused hWolf, nr,-i walked her horn; slowly up the street, forgetful of SLv. Mansfield. ' Who can he be ? ' she thought aloud. Mr. Mansfield replied to her, ' He has certainly rendered us a groat service ; one which I regard as groat on your account, Miss Mivers. You take some interest in him. Shall we advertise that the mountain hero, name unknown, will hear of something to his advantage by calling, &c.;,&c.;'r' Proudly and curtly in answer, ' I do take an interest in him, Mr. Mansfield ;' I am at least grateful.' He might have seen a very definite motion of her head, and a rapid expression catch her face, had the lights from the shops been less faint, which would have warned her companion to drop the subject. He continued, ' I know who the fellow is: he won the prizes at the sports to-day.' ' And took all the honours from the gmitlemen athletes,' she added with uncomplimentary laughter. ' I wonder what those whose ambition is a big muscle and a high leap, and whose mental capacities eminently qualify tham for such excellence, think of it. So you all succumbed to 'moleskins.'' ' Ares fell before Diomede.' ' And what a pity the gallant Dioraede did not rid the world of a plague ? ' Mr. Mivcrs' house held now, what it never hold before, a comfort that spoke ' home.' Fire and lights were bright as the young girl came in all flushed, and her eyes sparkling with excitement. The old man's sombre face gathered a look of warm welcome when he saw the slender figure of his niece pass the threshold, and pause, looking strangely radiant beneath the lamps that were bringing out the graces of her figure. A lady was standing before the wide hsartli, gazing pensively at the flames wrapping and murmuring round the wood, and paying their tracks with sparks while lighting rugged. little hills with ininiaturejeraigs suffused with glow. It was a strong upright figure and graceful. Not at all could be detected any signs of age or weariness or weight upon it; but when she turned white hair was smooth above iier forehead, and there time had marked his passage plainly; she looked so restful and so calm in her latter years that she impelled to reverence. There was pride of bearing in the decision of her movements, but far above it was the 6ereneness that lived with her. She was beautiful, this old lady, bearing her age and stamp of time so softly down to the last crossing. ' Eack at last, Helen, to the pleasant hearth and to your mother. Coming from the darkness of tho night how joyous are these lights and this warmth. You look flurried. Has your night ride frightened you? We expected you earlier.' ' lam not frightened, but — but ? ' The gathering feelings of the past hour flickered back to her face, and stirred her lips to trembling. Her eyes grew dark and wet as she walked to her mother, and laid her head upon her shoulder. ' What's the matter ? ' shouted Mivers, sitting upright in ibis chair, with his heavy brows drawn. ' Has that fellow offended you, Helen ? Ask her, ma'am, if that fellow has oflended her. By Jove if he has, ma'am. I'll put a kick in bis gallop. Eh, Helen, has he ? Ask her, ma'am.' There was a quiet smile on the mother's lips as she put her thin white hand up to stop the questioning, and when the girl lifted her face the mist had passed from her eyes, and she ran over to tell her uncle that Mr. Mansfield was a most gallant nnd estimable young; roan. ' Indeed, he is more. I think he is clever and rather couragoous.' With this preface, Helen related her adventures. Mr. Mivers hammered his knee and crossed his legs. He started forward scowling, and lay back in great agitation, and finally found it was only by a strong effort of self-control he could resist tiie desire to render, for the benefit of the ladies, a pantomime of ' polishing off.' Indeed he consoled himself by determining upon a rehearsal in his bedroom. 'By Jove, Helen, who was that fellow? Hang it all, ma'am, I'd forego following the other cowards if I knew who that fellow was. Had you no money iu your purse, Helen? A couple of sovereigns wouldn't have' gone amiss with him; money repays everything, girl: that's a comfort.' ^ 1 must disagree with you, Luke,' said his brother's widow, gently. ' It is just certain of those people that money will not repay. Money might repay those whose lives are devoted to the accumulation of wealth if given proportionately to their position. There are, I know,' her voice crew low and soft, ' those who love nature and the sunlight, and all God's earth, and the kindness of God's creatures, better than money. I have known thfim, and believe me, Luke, they are fiappior in their lives than rich men arc with their banked thousands.' 'Ho! ho!' laughed Mivers, fidgetting; ?'- it don't stand to reason, Jane. The want of poor people is money, and those you speak of arc always poor. Come, now, isn't that it ? Sun and nature, as you call it, won't fill a hungry man or buy him what he wants. I know the people you mean ; they travel with swags, and come for a night's shelter ard something to eat, at sundown, eh ? ' * ' Pardon me ; the class I all ude tu are prouder than you are. They are neither vagabonds nor idlers. They believe with Carlylc that work is prayer; work to them is ennoblijig, and ' if only rendering a means to assist their fellows, industry becomes raised in their sight from a pleasure to a blessing ; such men are few, I grant, but such men are, never theless.' ' I could'nt have offered him money,' spoke Helen reddening, ' even if I had it.' ' Tut ! ' responded Mivers, nursing back his darling idea as inviolable and in every respect immaculate. ' If thev're poor they want money ; that's what poor people want. Don't tell me, ma'am ; I know them. Isn't it common senFe?' Mrs. Mivers' face flushed warmly, as though she were gently caressing some past happiness or defending some memory. She replied, ' Common sense, you say; and what is common sense, Luke? It seems to me to be frequently the circumscribed state of ignorant thought rather than the ! pasp which any ordinary mind might cover if but the least. I industrious to observe. Common sense often is presented to me as the lazy and popular mind, apathetic and partial, and willing to sink individuality in aphorisms and custom.' Mr. Mivers found refuge in the steam that rose from the skirts of Helen's habit. ' Good heavens ! I mean, by Jove ! look at tbat girl stand ingthereall this time in her wet things; ma'am d'ye want to' give her her death ? Come, that's common sense, any how.' nden retreated, but Mivers did not speak till his sister*' in-law had seated hwself. ' I had ncv,-s of my son, to-day, Jane. Ho has been nearly kilkd : stabbed, they say, by 'some ruffian, and he has had fever ever since; he was found lying against a tree some distance from the home station— lying there bleeding! Helen will be sorrv to hear that; 'don't vou think she will?' ' She will be sorry to hear of any misfortune having happened to her cousin, I'm certain of that, Luke.' ' To be sure, of course. But you know what 1 mean- sorrv more than usunl. She likes him from what I told her, don't you think so? Wouldn't they be a fine couple, Jane ? There's his likeness over there ; did you ever think how well they would suit ; the boy will have all I have, and Helen's little fortune added, would make it a nice match. Did you ever think of that, eh ? We have known each other for a long time, Jane, and we ought to keep the family together.' Mrs. Mivers' hands moved restlessly over her grey silk, and, as was her manner, she gently stroked back the bands of her hair — it might have been to hide a shade of trouble in her face. ' Indeed, Luke, I cannot say ; the young people . must please themselves. Marriages arc not always made in heaven. Sometimes I think the meaning of that saying is that heaven is love. There can be no happiness without it. You will think I am absurdly romantic for an old woman, and yet romance sweetens life and gives it flowers : I have found it so.' ' The young people are sure to fall in love; he's good looking, not that I should cay it, and as for Ilolea there'* not her equal in the colony. There, Jaue, that's what I think of your dansrhter.' Mrs. Mivers looked her thanks at tho speaker. 'I've sent an overseer to relieve the lad, and- as swa as he i^ strong enough he is coming here. Helen will be gfod of that ; what do you say, Jane ? ' ' We shall both be very glad to meet him ;' she seemed speaking from out the shadows sf many yeara when sbe said, ' They arc both loo young yet: early marriages are not. prudent ; better give- them time to know their own hearts and experience io' judge hoy the happiness of each, is most likely to be attained : how it is best guarded and kept. A marriage of piis&ion; or of mere fancy or convenience is but staking all upon a glamour that fades into darkness as the twilight into night.' ' Well, yes, ma'am, you always had strange notions. I suppose that's a part of them. I'd like to see their fortunes together : there would be something substantial for Helen then, and it would be their ova f iiult if thoy could not enjoy it. That's common sense, again,' added Mr. Mirers, chuckling. Chapter XIV.— Dead Max's Gully. T«n years ago a tubful of clay was washed in Deal M&n;'sGully, leaving for residue a saucerful of yellow metal,. coar.se as pebbles, small and round as shot, and. in smooth flakes like scales. The man, covered with slime and mud, who found it, shook it round and round iu his tin pan, in a nervous, bewildered way, and then laid the dish gently on the ground and sat beside it to think. He had toiled like a slave in other places where treasure flowed into men's pockets ; where drunkards sank shafts and came away with thousands ; where boys -washed out fortunes, and the reck less poured out their winnings like water. He had worked with bitter constancy, and smothered many a curse that he, of all others, should be utterly divorced from fortune; In despairing hopelessness, because of tho loneliness of the place and the bitterness he felt, he rested upon the upot whence he obtained the rich clay from a hole 8 feet in depth. He looked at the yellow treasure in the dish and wept like i* boy. Only a tubful for 24 ouiices ! The claim \vas a for tune, and in the wildness of his greed he pegged off enough ground for ft dozen men. He worked like one demented. Light did not creep upon the darkness any morning bofore he had left liis tent with pick and shovel. The stars throbbed down upon him through the silence before he quitted his labour. He slept heavy patches of sleep that were oblivion, and woke in terror lest the day had come before his work was resumed. As the pile of aurifer ous earth became larger, and the gold gleamed from it in dead yellow, the craving grew. He cursed the rain that washed 'the earth away and exposed^ the riches hs had gained, and again shrouded the heap with soil. He dug and delved with scarce rest for food ; the day was too short for him and the night too long. His sweat watered his work in constant droppings, till one midnight he cauie laughing, to his work, and' toiled on and sang and shouted up at the silence, whooping1 madly at every bucketful of clay added to the pile. When the day broke he was tearing out the earth with feverish energy, his eyes red with blood and hi& lips pale and dry. When the noon came there was no. cessation, but as tne sunset deepened he was fumbling falter-, ingly with his pick, and before the evening he lay upon the golden clay speaking softly about meadows, and telling, his . dead mother of the mowers and a holiday full of pertujne and sunshine. The light quitted the tree-tops and fajiel from the hills as he rested, breathing hard in sleep* with, sudden calls at past memories and unnatural laughter, at the fancies that rose to him. When the morning's, glory poured down, bis hands and arms were buried in the eantb,, but he had abandoned his treasure for the one eternal certainty spread around us. The man had been long dead-, when . wanderers saw the body. Shreds of cloth and of corrup-r tion were mixed with gold and clay, and by tho- time the ? bones were covered, rocking-cradles and washing- dishes showed pounds' weight of gold. The finders swore them selves to secrecy, and tore out the washdirt with, the energy and fever of the discoverer, lest passers-by should, .guess the - prize too soon. The thudding or the picks, the soft ;f alls of clay, the busy windlasses, and the stir of voices struck through the quiet that had lain so long embahraed! by. the cycles. Ochre earth was soon contrasted with olive green ness round it when the wounds gashed by picks bled earth and mud, and quivered with the lnonotonousa-ockings of cradles above the spot where' the treasure slept. Sounds 6uch as these travelled far in those times,', when the continent was scarce awake from tbp. slumber of centuries. One day a wave of human, life surged upon the spot and rolled away dorea, the valley in occupancy, from its depression at tlie hillside till it widened upon the far plains lying against the sky circuiting half the horizon in level monotony. Dead Man's Gully soon bore tents that fluttered through'., tbe aisles of trees like covies of white birds. Spears^of smoke floated up with voices and nameless sounds of - struggle, and a. nomadic street was marshalled below the. old branches. Echoes flung back sounds of traffic in fear, dismally repeat ing the strokes of axes and of crashing trees, and all the mad derangement that had torn the mystic quiet and pene trated the silence of repose. Coloured mounds rose from the earth like unhealthy wens ; the greenness and freshness faded to the dragged pallor of beaten around and trampled earth. The soft sward was scored and dented by ceaseless feet, and great fires Btared redly at the night. Gradually the plain was bared to a desert,* and the soft shadows and rapid birds that dwelt where the dead man had laughed upon the golden pile retreated with the echoes. But what of that t Lumps of gold large enough to buy independence or strangle the industry of the finder were unearthed. The next pick blow of every man that worked below might bring Lira similar fortune. The nugget that weighed 90 lbs. haa been dragged out and carried to the bank by the strong ann6 of Thomas Rowe, now a ragged drunkard not twenty miles away. It bad smitten him with a curse the day when first he bared it, drunk with exaltation, and weighed him hopelessly down to the driveller he then was. What of thatr The fever of the dead man was in the gully; it had taken up its abode there and was beating pulse strokes in every tent. When the ground had been ripped and torn and embowelled, the tents took flight in Reared flocks to settle elsewhere. The troubled wave ebbed back and was lost, and there remained not one stranded habitation io show the tide-mark. Then greenness crept slowly down from the hills; it broke out in drsary moles of flag-grass here and there ; plants sprang up in pitying freshness to hide that past ; shrubs hold un 'green leaves fa- the sun and dew, beckoning back the shadows a^tun, and offering shelter to the lost birds. Greenness spread once more, carpeting and hiding the spoliation of tho mon.mli . trees, and wiping oat the record of the time when the fever of Dead Man's Gully had struck it with the pallor of death. It was here that Bryan Fitzgerald worked ; in the peace fulnesB of the desertion he fought hard for bread. He and his mate trudged to their labour wistfully for weeks to gether, hut the -weariness of failure was in every movement of the men. They had lived for days on the potatoes grown in the little garden where the creepers hung and held out their blossoming. The last ounce of powder had been need, and even Brown's opossum snares had failed of late. But the vast wondrous mornings in which all the spaces were filled with light, and the hills glowed; where the rocks shene like gold and the trees gathered brightness as the morning swept down — gave a dim intan gible bracing that helped them with their labour. ' I'd like to live here always, Jim, if we could but find a little gold. Look at the hills there ; they wear the glory of the heavens, I think — sent down to make us strong and : earnest; but it is profitless work. Only for her grave, and that seat by the creepers, I would try something else. There is something in the world that cdntains a better prospect than struggling to live, and it is to be found.' Jim had sat down beside their shaft, rubbing his palm along the wom point of his pick. ' It might be for to be found, but I couldn't manage it. The world rises its back at me and pushes me down. I've nothing to thank it for. There's kindness in it somewhere ; that I don't deny, or your mother wouldn't a bin among it ; if it were only to be found : that's the question. It might be worth your while to try; yours ain't the face or the ways I hev, an yd could get honest work. If ye could only get a start with a bit of gold, I'd keep the old hut safe enough. I'd see ye now and again, boy, wouldn't I ? Come, promise that.' ' How could I forget you? You are all that is left of those years when my mother lived. Forget you .'' Jim had commenced again to polish his pick violently. ' All right, boy,' he growled, and turned to look away out upon the sky that btooped to meet the plains in the grey distance. Fitzgerald Iny lazily watching the birds, and waiting for the signal of the worker in the shaft below to haul up at the windlass. His handsome face was turned pensively towards the west, where Miudorf lay, wearing a dreamy wonder with his speculations as to whether he should ever see the face of the lady again he had guided homo some short time before. He imagined her there before him, some princess of that world he had. never known, where the splendours of wealth and the pride of position, the daily joys and grandeur in the unbroken chain of pleasure, and all the rest of the circumstance therewith connected, made life like a fairyland, and digged the impassable frulf between them and the poor. Heaths were gleaming below him near to waters where was music ; bright petals were showing their colours to the light, and above him stood the still trees shading the turf on the ranges and holding there indefinable music in eternal anthems. He knew those Mils, and remembered their beauties were none the less when swept with storm or frowned with trailing clouds. But on that day, where so fit a place for this queen as amongst the beauty the sun made on the earth and called forth through the speech that day uttered unto day ? Not in the rooms into which he had so wildly stolen, nor in the presence of the lowering man he had madly meant to rob. What carpet like that beneath him tor the low whisperings it gave; what to equal the hill's breast there and the sky that ar- bed it all ! ' Bryan ! ' It was not often that Brown called him by name, and he started. The speaker was standing breast high in the shaft below the windlass, partly supporting himself by resting his elbows on the surface. His rugged face had a disturbed look, yet the eyes were bright and steady. His head was visible over a growth of lank weeds, but the whole expres sion of the man seemed changed. For the first time Bryan thoug ht he saw an unusual pride in it, and the fierce glad ness of a triumph. The man took one hand away and passed it over his wet forehead and eyebrows, then looked silently at his young pate, now standing beside him. Fitz gerald noticed that his voice was trembling and his hands unsteady. ' Lad, ye hod our mother's blessin ; mind ye, I say our. She blessed mo too, afore ye come that niornin', an if I hevn't said it often I think on her always as ourn. Agreed?,' ' Yes, Jim, of course. What's the matter?' ' Not but I give in she put all her heart in yours, bein' but natural ; but we both had it, an' by course then she's ourn.' 'Of course, Jim.' ' She said the blessin' of one wot was tried were precious — them's her words. I mind it all ; it's afore my eyes now. Well, it are precious. Ah! precious ain't no word for it. I feel it now ; it has kept me from trouble ever since, an' will, too. Mind ye, Bryan, I promised her for 3'ou and myself — though a broke-down old soujee like me ain't much ; never a swear or a oath, but a kind of solemn promise ; with no crucifix nor book, but with my whole self like ; an' I've done the best I could. Ain't that correct — ain't it ? ' ' It is, Jim, but ? ' ' Right, lad ; but it knocked me of a heap to see ye this week past. I don't know what's up with ye, but yer frettin'. We ain't hed over and above too much grub.' The speaker's voice trembled again, and then sank into some kind of hoarse oblivion in his throat. He held up his heavy knotted hand without speaking, which Fitzgerald took, thinking to assist him up, but Brown's grasp tight ened like a vice, as though it would crush the bones, and the eyes of the scarred face looked up at his through a mist that blinded them. ' What's the matter, Jim ?' ' I kep' my promise best I could, dear lad, an' unto the end I'll keep it, will Jim Brown.' So saying, he struck his hand across his eyes and displaced two big drops that might have been sweat* The goodness of the nature the world had trampled down lived still. ' Time was, an' not sich a deuce of a long while ago neither, I'd a bin ashamed of this. It's the blessin' of our mother, Bryan, that's what it is.' The grizzled speaker's voice seemed to go down so often to some cavern in himself that he was ham to understand. ' Ye want to know what's the matter. Come down, my boy, an' we'll talk it out.' Fitzgerald knew that Brown had not tasted food since they left off work on the previous day, and he followed him with much anxietv. An excavation of earth had been made from the bottom of the shaft, reaching in about four feet, and at the entrance to this Brown twisted a quartz boulder into position, rolling one forward for himself. 'Sit down, Bryan. Ye mind all I said up there in the sunshine, every word on it, don't ye 'f ' ' Every word.' ' Jest pull that lump of mullock away there.' Fitzgerald did as he was desired, and saw a lump of yel low metal nearly as large as the boulder on which he sat. ' There : that's what's the matter with the old warrigal. Ye see it now ; feel it.' He dragged the mass of gold out, and lifted it with difficulty. A shade of fear seemed to pass over the young fellow's face, but the quick eyes of Brown saw it. He laughed hoarsely. ' That's egsackly as I felt when I fust see it. Look there, an there, an there.' He pointed with his strong finger to other pieces of gold, as large us pebbles, surround ing the cavity whence the nugget had been taken. ' Didn't ahe say her blessin' were precious ? Ah, an' in more ways than one, too ; better'n this,' kicking the gold with his heavy boot. ' I know that, even at my time o' day. Didn't she say, 'Ye wem't made for a bushtnan?' Look at that!' he kicked it again. 'There wern't no oaths ?over it 'twixt her an' me,' he went on, beaming strangely, ' not the ghost of nn oath ; jest Jim Brown's promise to our mother — ourn, ye know. An' to see Bryan a nob, better'n all the swells ! ' No more goiu' to games an wot not to get money for juinpin' to keep old Jim Brown in tucker; no more o' that. That there,' the speaker explained, return ing to the business of the occasion, and pointing to. the cavity, ' is a pocket, an that pocket's in a lead. Lord bless ye, lad, there ain't no knowin' how much is there : maybe half-a-dozen fortunes. An' ye straight as a lath, an' strong as a lion, among the swells, able to twist their precious necks if they ci-ook a finger atyp, on' with a face like a pic ture too. Eh, Bryan, boy : an' me a keepin of the house at home where she -iied waitin' to see the boy come now and again. She said it were precious when the golden sun came in to her that niornin an' filled the room, an' waited for her, an' blessed her as she blessed us. It were the angelR, maybe, or somethin o' that 'ere sort.' 