LATEST TELEGRAMS. ('FROM OUR 017N CORRESPONDENTS.! INTERCOLONIAL. THE PEDESTRIAN TOURNAMENT. Sydney, Monday. The pedestrian tournament terminated ou Saturday evening amid great excitement. Edwards was the winner, having covered 153 miles in the specified time. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. 1 Sydney, Monday. A meeting of the Roman Catholics of Sydney was held last night at 8t. Mary's Cathedral, when more than 10,000 person? were present. The V*. 1UO r*OD bU piUL69l- UgmUBl- IUUJ proposed system of public education: ? Arch bishop Vaughan presided, and Mr. P. A. Jen nings and the hon. W. B. Dulley wc-ro among the speakers. , THE NEW BISHOP OF- NEWCASTLE. Sydney, Monday. Advices have reached England stating that the bishopric of Newcastle, vacant by the death of the late Dr. Tyrrell, has been accepted by the Rev. Dr. Pearson, to whom the see had been offered. , ; I Sydney, Monday. Australia won the. International Rifle Matoh on Saturday, by four points above Scotland, and eighteen above England. i Thr ee large shipB havo cleared here with heavy general cargoes for London. Melbourne, Monday. The ship Melbourne, for London, from thi port, has cleared with 7,600 baleB of wool. It is not reasonable to expect that ;newly appointed J. P.'s will acquire all at once that ropose of manner and dignity of deportment when oh the bench, which a magistrate ought to assume on such occasions. But the public, for the most part are unreasonable. That ia why they are just now laughing at a now J. P., who last week wont to a roviaicm court ut the southern end of the colony to assist at revising the electoral roll for that district. Ho had more to say from tho bench than -all tho claimants put together, and would persist in keeping up a ' barney' with all and' sundry. At length a country attorney, who had been engaged to present tho claims of a number o residents, submitted a name whioh the new J. P. strongly objeoted to. The attorney per sisted in urging the olaim. ' At length, in the heat of tho moment,' and quite forgetting where he was, tho new. magistrate Bhouted out to the attorney, 'I'll bit you a bottle of beer that the man hasn't tho ghost of a claim.'— I 'Town Talk.' . i - , ! FrvE young men wore playing p'okor1 at Asheville, N. O. One was detected hiding an extra card in his lireaBt pooket. The dirk of nnother was instantly driven through the card and into the cheat's heart. ! ' ? At Moscow a curious little hrtchure has appeared under tho title of ' Tables of Speed,' which gives tho speed of almost everything that can be imagined. 