Intercolonial News. New South Wales. November 17. FROM OUR SYDNEY CORRESPONDENT.] THE education question now overshadows all other subjects. While Archbishop Vaughan and his coadjutors are frantically endeavoring to make their people believe they are suffering a great wrong, and about to be subjected to a species of refined slavery, the Government is calmly but determinedly pushing on the work of legislation, with a view to publishing a truly national and equitable system of public educa tion. The Bill to Amend the Public Schools Act of 1866 was introduced by the Premier into the Assembly on Wednesday last On the same day the head of the Government also indicated the course of public business. After the Land Bill, Education Bill, and Electoral Bill are dealt with, the Govern ment will go on with water supply and sewerage, and afterwards with such other measures as cir cumstances appear to justify. But it ii the education question now, as I have said, that en grosses publio attention. The bill consist* of thirty* ■even clauses. Its leading features have already been disclosed; but a new element of interest was added to it, since its introduction, by a declaration of the Assembly on that troublesome question—the church and sohool estate. The Government, with a proper appreciation of the importance of the matter, went on with Mr. Buchanan's adjourned resolution after their own business bad been disposed of on Thursday, and, greatly to Mr. Buchanan's satisfaction, moved an amendment affirming that a bill should be brought in by the Government as Boon as practicable to declare these lands Crown lands, and to Bet apart the funds derivable there from solely for the purpose of public education. At present the revenue from this magnificent estate is apportioned at the rate of five- sevenths for religion and the balance for education. The resolution now passed means, therefore, the com plete abolition of State aid to religion, even to ignoring claims that were only supposed to die out with the demise of those clergymen who are now in receipt of the stipeuda. Hera is another cause for disaffection in the clerical rank*. Il is worthy of remark, as in a measure indicating the state of opinion on the question, that the mino rity against thn amended resolution consisted of five Roman Catholics. The leader of the Oppo sition, however, and other members of the old faith, with a more patriotic and independent spirit, voted with the Government, conceiving their policy in respect to these lands to be in ac cordance with publio opinion and with justice. The bands of the Government are thus strengthened at the outset in dealing with a question about which there has been great diver* aity of opinion. They are certainly in luck's way. The Roman Catholic Church authorities com plain that the present system of publio education is one that their people cannot take advantage of, and that it is unfair to tax them for its support without giving them an equivalent for education thai they can oonacienUously accept; and they also assert that the proposed amendment of the law will aggravate the injustice, by taking away what little aid is now given them. But the Catholic Church authorities never thought of the conscientious scruples of those religious de nomination* that would sot accept a penny from the Church and School Estate fund. They went on taking their share of the plunder, regardless, too, of the voice of the people that it was wrong to devote any public money to the support of religion; nor did the same Church authorities think it a sin to substitute the names of young clergymen for old ones, in order that the payments might be prolonged. The end, probably, sanctified the unholy means. We have often heard the expression " holding a candle to the devil," but does not conduct of the above sort look like Satan holding a candle for the Church. Archbishop Vaughan it playing » dangerous game. His speeches, up to within the last fortnight, have been calm, dignified, and respectful, always eloquent, and from an orato rical point of view, pleasant to listen to ; but his address to the people of Balmain, on laying the foundation-stone of a new sohool, was the speech of a firebrand. His address was discussed in both Houses of Parliament last week. One member of the Assembly—a lawyer, but a very bad one—seriously suggested to the Government the advisability of prosecuting the Archbishop for attempting to incite the people to sedition ; but the tables were neatly turned upon thin loyal individual by a quotation from a lecture he had himaelf delivered Boroe years ago, ou the wrongs of Ireland. Still, notwithstanding his obvious inconsistency, Mr. Buchanan made out a strong case against Dr. Vaughan, especially in dealing with the Arch bishop's very cool reference to the torture of Catholics for their faith, and hi* description of the "Scavenger's daughter." Talk about re ligious persecution, and torture for faith! It was a wonder the indignant ghost of some St. Bar* tholomew or Smithtield victim didn't rise up and rebuke him for his monstrous audacity. He must read history with one eye shut And now Dr. Vaughan is trying to run his people into forming a Catholic Defence Associa* tion, a political organisation with a central com mittee that shall direct the votes cf members; but it appears that a pledge is required that members shall vote as the central committee may require. This, however, seemed to savor rather too much of the position of dumb driven cattle, and in consequence we are told that several of the leading Catholics are holding aloof from the organisation. It is probable, in view of the want of unanimity at the outset, that the pro posed organisation will not be formed. Last night, however (Sunday), after services in the churches were over, a monster meeting of Roman Catholics was held in the ground* of St. Mary'a pro-cathedral, when a resolution wan passed, protesting against the bill now before the Legis lature on four grounds: first, because the bill propose* to withdraw all aid fn>m schools in which the religious instruction of members of the Rotain Catholic Church can alone be given ; tecondly, because the system of State instruction proposed to be established by this measure is one of which the mem bers of the Catholic Church cannot oon» •deatiously avail themselves; thirdly, that the result would be to cast upon them the cost of educating their children, while they would be compelled, as taxpayers, to contribute towards the maintenance of the State system ; and fourthly, that the measure is at variance with the principle embodied in recent legislation in England, by which the conscientious difficulties of Catholics have been met. The legitimate course taken by the Catholics of Sydney in making their united protest will have more effect on the public mind and on the Legisla ture than all the violent speeches and the pastorals of Dr. Vaughan put together. Still, the whole matter resolves itself into a demand for State-aid towards the teaching of religion, and, whether that religion be taught in ohurohes or schools, the State can recognise the claim of no sect for money to pay for it. The only other political matter of interest is the progress of the Land Bill That measure was sent through its principal stages very ex* peditiously in the Assembly. Its third reading is appointed for the first Government day this week. The Government were in such a hurry to get the bill through that they resisted—or rather ignored—a proposition for dividing the colony into free- selecting and squatting areas, and it is to be regretted that they could not wait to have the proposal diacußsed. This is the only cure for the war between the two great divisions of land holders. With regard to the Electoral Bill, the introduction of that measure is promised this week. It is substantially the same as the last bill, with certain modifications as to representa tion. The budget speech will probably be delivered next week. The Randwick Asylum for destitute children is in hot water again. An enquiry into allega tions of illtreatment of the inmates has brought forcibly to mind Dickens' story of Oliver Twist. In such institutions it is, of course, not possible to maintain order without some amount of corporal punishment; but in this case the floggings seem to have been unnecessarily severe. In oue case an attendant had actually compelled a boy to assist in holding his own brother down while the unfortunate youngster received his stripes. That attendant has been dismissed. The superintendent has come in for a good share of abuse in the Legis lative Assembly for his presumed brutality ; but it is obvious that the enquiry held did not go far enough, and the Colonial Secretary has given notice of his intention to move for a parliamen tary enquiry of a searching nature, and he has intimated his willingness to be guided by the finding of the committee in the steps he will take. Until that enquiry is held he thinks— and all reflecting people must think with him— that it would be premature to pass judgment on the management of the institution. But it is obvious to those who are acquainted with its working that it is with the system itself rather than those who work it that the fault lies. The annual rifle matches took place last week. This year they will have possessed a special in terest for Queensland people, from the fact of their colony having been represented in the con tests—aye, and most creditably represented too. The shooting of some of your marksmen was very superior, and they will return with laurels fairly won. I believe, too, that your men have every reason to be satisfied with the treatment they have received in Sydney—having been taken down the harbor for a " blow," entertained at a dinner, and also at an excursion up the Western line to the Zigsag. It is to be regretted that a difference about the weapons to be used should have prevented the Victorian riflemen from con testing this year. The cab strike ended in a compromise, but the cabmen, although they profess to consider the compromise satisfactory, have virtually had to comply with the new regulation, for they are compelled to exhibit their fare cards in a con* spicuous part of their vehicles, so that the publio have ample security against imposition. The new secretary to the Agricultural Society of New South Wales is Mr. H. Moser, a gentle* man of active habits, and who for many years has been connected with the colonial Press. The selection is generally considered a good one. Mr. Moser has certainly plenty of scope for the exer cise of whatever talents he may possess for organisation and for the show business, for the society is really almost moribund. The Inter national Exhibition has nearly given it a death* blow ; but you kuow the old sayiug, while there's life there's hope. If the society does come out at all next year with a show, it will only be with an exhibition of sheep, and perhaps horticul ture. It will be a long time before it is able to run another general exhibition successfully. The Mauritius correspondent of the S. M. Herald writes:—"The ' Chinese question' (»«., the expediency of getting rid of these gentry) is a subject which oontinues to attract a good deal of attention here ; but their expulsion is a matter of great difficulty, if not impossibility. The following details have been elicited regard ing the colony of Chinamen resident here. 1. All Chinamen are touud to become 'members of a pagoda, under pain of receiving no help or assistance of any kind from t' eir countrymen.' It is found that they all submit to the ' pagoda' rule, which is carried to such a point that even the Celestials converted to Chris* tianity make it a sine qua turn that they shall continue their subscriptions to their respec tive pagodas. 2. All Chinamen pay a yearly tax to their respective pagodas for their maintenance, and for the succor of their poor brethren. 3. The Chinese have established a species of supreme council, presided over by a mandarin. This council decides all commercial questions between Chinamen. It punishes, it orders, and it exe cutes. 4. In Port Louis there are five pagodas, having larger means at their disposal than all the Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches put together. They are splendid eutabli-hinent*, in creasing in importance daily, and in which all old and poor Chinese find help. 5. When a Chinaman lnnds here without money, be is placed an a clerk with one of his trading fellow* countrymen t>y the council; and no instance is known of a refusal having r>een made to bow to the orders of the council in coses such as this. 6\. The (Jainene are beginning to trade on a large scale here. We have four merchants iv Port Louis, and quite recently a Chinaman applied to be received as a sworn broker." 