THE S.l'.O. MISSION TO CYT1ÎUS. [From tito London Guardian, Jannali/ 15.) ÏIIK occupation of Cyprus by tho British Government, important ns it in politically, as- sumes scarcely less importnnco whon regarded from a religious point of viow. From .tho (¡rat moment of tho establishment of our authority tliero many tlioughlful minda lmvo hoeu turned to Cyprus with deepest interest. While tho philanthropist thinks with satisfaction of tho new Held opened for tho enterprise, tho civili- sing institutions, and beneficent influence of Englishmen, tho Churchman rejoices at thc happy opportunity it adonis for friendly inter- course with tho ancient Churches of tho Hast, and sees in ita hopeful instrument for aiding them in their emancipation, from Turkish tyranny, ami in that intellectual ami spiritual regeneration which is theil" great need, ami which is so earnestly desired by the moro en- lightened members of their communion. Tho very iiiunu of Cyprus is of lmppy augury for tho evangelising work of the Church, and en- courages the hopo that from its shores tho samo niessago may go forth which was carried from it to tho cities of Asia Minor moro than 1H00 years ago by the Apostles BnrnnlmN mid I'iml. Tho selection of Cyprus us the seal; of Mikish power in thc Levant seems in itself Providen- tial, from its reiuarkaiilo connection with Hie diffusion of Christianity in Apostolic limes. Tho homo of St. Barnabas, where not impro- bably hiv tho lirst landed estate; ever given to tho Church (Acts iv. ni!, .'17), ¡md the sceno of the labours of tho lirst Christian missionaries, tho disciples dispersed at tho martyrdom ot' St. Stephen, and repaying tho debt by sending men to nid in tho foundation of tho lirst (¡entilo Church, thu curliest to bear tho Christian uamo, that of Antioch (Acts xi. 19, ¿0); tho object of the earliest tlpostolic Mission, sent forth hy thu express authority of tho Holy Ghost (Acts xiii. 2-fi), illustrated by the lirst triumph of tho Gospel among the great of this world in tho conversion of tho Pro-consul Sergius Paulus (Acts xiii. (!-12); thu country of jMnason, tho disciplu of long standing, in whose house St. Paul nnil his companions found it homo during his Inst momentous visit to il'eriisnlein (Acts xx ii. Ki) ; mentioned in the two Inst voyages of tho great Apostle of which we havo any curtain knowledge (Acts xxi. .'1, xxvii. I) - no name appears moro frequently and moro honourably in tlioonrliost records of Christianity lim 11 that of Cyprus. In emly ecclesiastical history also Cyprus is honourably distinguished. l t is associated with the mimes of St. Hilarían, St. Epiphanias, tho learned Bishop of Salamis, his friend St. .Jerome, and tho noble Bonum matron St. Paula, and her daughter Eustoohicii. lt also recalls tho famous decree of the Council of Ephesus, nllirming tho independence of the Church of Cyprus of the seo of Antioch, audits example as an UIIIOCVJIIIHIOUH Church from all foreign interference. "This general principle," writes the Bishop of Lincoln, " of what is called hy canonists tho 'Jus Oi/jirimii,' contains ono of the strongest protests-that of a general council -against tho aggressions and usurpations of the Church of Homo claimiiigjurisdictiou for herself overall Churches," and thus supplies iijustilicit tion, on the highest and most indisputable grounds, of tho position of independence clniniod hy tho Church of England, us well as by tho ancient orthodox Churches of the East. When, thureforo, nu island so full of snored memories was added to tho dependencies of tho lîrilish Crown, it is not surprising that it should havu been felt to be tho imperative duty of tho Church of England to loso no timo in availing herself of the opportunities in so un- looked-for a manner placed in lier hands ; and at once bring her inlluciico lo bear both for the amelioration nt' the moral, social, and religious I CLintlilhiu of the population of Cyprus itself and tho restoration of primitivo truth and purity ot doctrine among the Christians of tho Levant. This linty was immediately roeiignised by the Bishop of Gibraltar (Dr. .Sandford), under whose jurisdiction the congregations of thu'Clitirch of Kugland in Cyprus will by existing arrange- ments he placed, who in his " Pastoral," issued in September of lust year, pointedly called at- tention to the fresh responsibility accruing to England by tho occupation of tho island, and invited tho co- operation of tho Churchmen at home in fulfilling them. " it will he felt," writes Iiis Lordship, " by all Christian English- men that, on arriving in this new lund, which our (Jitoen and country have just taken .nuder their charge, wo should bring with us the ordi- nances of our religion, and that un English church should soon bc seen vising on thu shores, which were the lirst to bo hallowed by tho steps of the great Apostle of the Gentiles, when he IIIHI embarked on his earliest missionary jour- ney. Nor is our responsibility limited to our own countrymen. Besides providing for the religious wants of the English in Cyprus," the Bishop further remarks, "it is our duty to raise thu tone of education among the native inhabitants," and he expresses his hope that "in the work of improving their condition, thu Church of England may take au early and ac- tive purl :-." "In Cyprus (hu writes) we símil be brought into very nenr relations with tho (¡reek Church; we shall have menus, such ns we have never enjoyed before, of becoming aei|uaiiited with our Küstern brethren, ami of making ourselves known to them ; mid 1 hope that thu principles we profess ami that the lives wu lead may he seen to bu in accord ; and that men may he (might to vuliiu our English institutions and thu huiielits of our Church by tho good fruits which they urn found to produce in English hearts and diameters." The apprehension which they cu usc in somo minds, nnil which the sectarian character of .sunni of the Jlissions in tho Levant is euleii J nt i-i I lu strengthen, of un undue interference with the Churches ni ready existing in tho island, is ut (mee lemoved by the following wise und lcni|itTiito words of tho same Pas- tura I : " We must he direful in any work which we limy undertake not to interfere with the Chris- tian Churches now existing in the ¡shuni. Wc should show to the niithorilies of those churches that we coulons their allies nnil not us their rivals." Not to proselytiso from their ranks, but to help them, and, if they will allow us todu so, to show thuin thu way to do their work for Christ their work and.ours-moro porfooti)'. Tho duty being clear ami tho cull imperative, the veneradlo Society for tho 1'ropogutiou of the Cospel in Foreign Parts was naturally tho body tn which tho hume Church looked to take the initiative in helping hor to I'll I li I it. Nor did she look in vain. Thu society at onco issued an appeal for it special fund to enable it to establish a chap- laincy for English residents, lo provide n church, lind to maintain ii school for thu education of boys anti girls, both English und Greek. Thu responso ruiulo to tins iippenl by thoao who have felt thut no moro sonsiblo thankoflcring could bo rendered for tho nnswor givon to our prayers in tho averting of the sconrgo of war, which nt ono timo seemed BO imminent, than this exten- sion to tho inhabitants of this now dopondoncy of tho British Crown of tho blessings so richly oujoyed by ourselves, though fur from ndequato to tho need, has cuablod tho society to under- take tho work so cnrnostly urged by tho Bishop of Gibraltar. A chaplain, possessing remarkable qualifications for the work, by his experience in colonial missions, as well as at home, has boen selected, ¡ind approved by tho homo authorities, mid is about to sail for his now iiold of labour within llic noxt few days. AVe need hardly com- mend him and his work to tho intercessions of Christians at homo. The gentleman selected to undcrtnkc tho chaplaincy is tho Hov. Josiah .Spenser, M.A., Senior Scholar and Divinity Prizeman of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. Mr. Sponsor wns ordained lo the curacy of Poyston in 18G4, mid was afterwards curate of West liam, in Essex. In 1SG" lie accompa- nied tho lamented Bishop Sawyer, tho first Bishop of Grafton nm! Armidale, to Now South Wales, where, after taking chargo of various missionary districts, ho became the incumbent of tho cathedral church and district, first of Grafton and then of Armidale. Tho high esteem in which Mr. Spenser was held in tho dioceso is proved by his having been chosen successively secretary of the diocesan council, represen ( uti ve of tho diocese in its pro- vincial synod of Now South Wales, and in thc general Synod of tho Australian dioceses. In 1877 a severo illness rendered it desirablo that Mr. Spenser should return temporarily to Eng- land, and his health being mercifully restored, bo has been lately acting as curato to tho Hov. G. E. lliiviland, at Warburton, in Sussex, l t deserves mention that during thu wholo period of Mr. Sponsor's missionary labours, his Mis- sions have been self-supporting, and that ho has never received any pecuniary aid from tho So eiety for tho Propagation of tho Gospel, or any other society, or from any private quarter in England, while resilient in Australia, AVo foci sine that this fact will plead moro eloquently on Mr. .Spenser's behalf than any words, and that many will bo ready to extend tho aid for which ho now asks, to ono who luis shown such noble independence. It is evidently of tho highest importance for tho success of Mr Spenser's dillicult and delicate Mission, both us regards our own countrymen and tho ecclesiastics and menthol's of thu Greek Church, that he should go forth with thu formal and authoritative re- cognition of tho Church at hourn, anil her bless- ing upon his work. No credentials can possibly bc too high or loo indispensable for ono under- taking a work of such importance, unique in elm meter, and attended with special risk and dilliculty, calling for tho exercise of so much judgment, charity, and courage. Such creden- tials, wo rejoice to «ny, hnvo been furnished to Mr Spenser, not only by tho Bishop in whoso dioceso ho luis been most recontly serving, tho Bishop of Chichester, lint also by tho Bishop of Lincoln, whoso intimate acquaintance with the Greek Church, and personal knowledge of soiuo of its lending ecclesiastics, added to (ho veneration in which ho is universally hold foi: his profound learning and high spiritual gifts, specially qualify him to bn the writer of " let- ters of commendation" to bo convoyed by Mr. Spenser to tho Archbishop of Cyprus and his Suffragans. By tho permission of the Hishop of Lincoln is annexed a copy of this " systatic" worthy to find a place with the letters of tho Ephcsiuo or Chalcedonian fathers in tho pages of r.abbo or Mansi, as well as a translation of tho document. Such au introduction eau hardly fail to securo for Mr Spenser a friendly reception from those who, as will bo seen from tho report of the visit of tho visit of tho Bishop of Gibraltar to Cyprus, uro so well propnred to givu a hearty welcome to tho representatives of thc English Church. Mr Sponsor asks, und we aro sure will have, tho prayers of our readers that his work may be blessed to this end. 