ROMAN CATHOLIC PASTORAL. The following is the second Pastoral Letter, addressed to tho clergy and laity of the Roman Catholic Church in the Archdiocese of Sydney "Roger Bede, by the grace of God and the Apostolio see, Archbishop of Sydney aud Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Seoular and Regular, and the Faithful of the said Arch diocese. "Health and benediction in the Lord. "Reverend and dear brethren, and dear children in Jesus Christ — " Though the Catholic Church is by far the most formidable opponent of the great apostacy, still sho is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, are compelled, in Belf-preservatioo, to set themselves against it ; nor does it follow, from their being at one in this, that they are mutnal friends ; because two meo, for their own private reasons, hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love eaoh other. Those who profess tbe Catholic faith and those who protest against that faith can, for oausea known to themselves, and those causes may be radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus, the Catholio Church and the English nation, whilst conflicting with oach other, are compelled by force of principle, to resist the advances of the great apostacy. "The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is still in many ways profoundly Christian. For well nigh 1000 years England lay steeped, aB in a bath of supernatural light, in the strong Christianity of the Catholio Church ; and the benign influence of tbe Anglo-Saxon monarchy, of that most touching period of England's history, still exerts a certain sway over the people's conscience. It took possession of and moulded the national sentiment ; and at the date of King St. Edward's death, those laws, customs, and traditions which atill give evidence of their influence had stamped an especial character on the national heart. Tbe five centuries of Norman-English rule consolidated and deopened the work of the previous period ; and the Catholio Church expanded in power as she did in organisation, and became part and parcel, not only of the law, but of the blood and heart of England. Her venerable sees, her renowned universities, her great monastic orders, her sohools and munificent charities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, i her glorious past, written in many an illumin. ated page, hor saints and martyrs, her kings and queens, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on the popular im agination — how conld England, living for well nigh 1000 years in such a thrall as this, help being permanently effected in her national character ? Down to the 10th century we may fairly say that the land had been living the life of the Catholic Church, as it has formed some of tbe most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst the Church's authority has been rejected, many of her broad funda mental teachings have remained. " Look at the England of to-day, and say whether or no you do uot perceive in some of the main outlines of her character, deep, in delible tokens of past influences ? What do we see F First, a national Church, with the old cathedrals and old seeB, and the village churches, all proclaiming their origin in every Btone of them ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with tbe prayer-book and the ritual breathing, if they breathe any breath at all, a breath redolent of ancient days ; then there are the old universities of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life, and pregnant, iu form and temper, wish a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like perfection. The surface of things is changed, but in the depths, sleeping, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protects the Christianity of England. There is much of the antique spirit in the high nobility — the honour, self-respect, truthfullness, honesty, and generosity of a chivalrous age. The people are, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquer able in their perseverance. They love order and law ; they are honourable in their com- merica! transactions ; they are the raoBt domestic people iu the world, and possess many beautiful natural virtues, which are elevated and refined through thoso tradi tionary principles which, as a salt, keep the nation souud at heart, and help to maintain it vigorously Christian. Added to these virtues, there is their deep love and reverence for the Word of God. By its means the idea of tbe supernatural is kept from dying out, and the thought of the Almighty, His Providence, Christ's Atonement, His mercy, love, and grave become a precious heritage amongBt the people. There the great moral virtues are found illustrated and enforced ; and so deeply is the Riblo treasured that it is looked upon by the masses as being as essential an element in the nation's greatness ss the majesty of the throne itself to its stability. "Thus the English people ore profoundly impressed with the couviction that the nation, b greatness and prestige spring from this principle of Christianity ; that its soundness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a large scale, are due in the ultimate analyis to tho fact that the broad foundations of tbe Empire are set in the maxims of the Gospel, and the principles dictated by tbe Inspired Word. Almost as a consequence of this, two leading traits of the national character are honesty and thoroughness ; and what Englishman prize most for themselves and others is civil and religious liberty. " Look at the condition of England at the present hour. Unity of Faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects. Tbe nation must accept this state of things. Is it according to tbe national spirit to invent a scheme for fusing all these religions into one P Such an idea is abhorrent from the national feeling. It has nothing about it either of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more in con formity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divine things, and with God himself, from which an earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils. Englishmen being thorongh themselves like others to be thorough also. They infinitely prefer an out spoken, fearless enemy to one who cringes. Though tbey may detest a man's creed or i method, they still more deteBt, they loathe cowardice in him who has not courage to ex press or to maintain what in bis heart he thinks to be the truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English society at home. In thorough English Protestant Society tho way to gain influence and respect is to be thorongh also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both societies — in Catholic and Protostant — is able to give incontestable evidence upon this point. He, an English man, for half of his life an Anglioan, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his ' Miscellanies ' writes as follows : 'English society, with all its vices,' he says, ' does after all represent the English character. There is something downright manly and deoided iu it ; and it respects the same, that is, its own, qualities in others as mnch as it despises and ridicules all servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright masculine and decided Catholics — more Roman than Rome, more ultramontane than the Pope himself — may enter English society and be treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self, respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is rospeoted by everybody worthy of the name of Englishman. No greater blunder could be committed than to try to propitiate English men or English sooiety by a tame, dilated, timid, or worldly Catholicism.' "Now how does all this bear upon Catholic education ? It bears upon it in the directest manner. For, if Englishmen love nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even ia the holding of a creed which they think a grand mistake, they will be consistent, they will love honesty and thoroughness in educa tion. They will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should be thoroughness and honesty in the holding of that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them is a potent element in national strength. If a man be true to his God, there is a chance of his beiDg true to his country. But he who would barter away his religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in tho day of a nation's trial. Hence, though ho condemns Catholioity, an Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic, any more tban he has in a timid soldier. He says, in effect, ' Let the nation be brought up honest and thorough, and then we stand a chance of holding our own, and maintaining the prestige of the Empire. Let the young, who will take our places when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all be equally assisted in the fitting of the mind for life's battle when it comes.' "What is the. consequence of this master- prinoiple which energises so strongly in a nation's life P It is this : that even that creed which the nation has rejected for 800 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in the scheme of national education for the people. England knows well that a bad Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps towards the national glory. There are no pampered 'Public sohools,' set up for the benefit of a fraction of the people. Catholic schools and Protestant are on an equal footing with 'Public schools' in Great Britain. All are treated exactly alike on the principle of pay ment by results. Take the report of Catholic schools in England, Wales, and Scotland for the year that has passed. " In the year ending 31st August, 1878, there were actually inspected in Eogland and Wales 693 Catholic institutions, containing in them 1172 departments, in whioh separate teachers are employed — that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 306 of infants, 460 mixed. There was an average attendance in these schools of 126,305, comprising 63,255 boys, 63,050 girls, divided as to the teaching into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under masters ; 63,422 girls, or mixed, under mistresses ; and 35,456 , infants under mistresses. The total of children on the school register, 191,341 ; the number attending half-time, 15,101. ' The net amount paid to the sohools out of parliamentary grant was £9-5,706 6s. Gd., giving a rate of grant for each scholar iu average attendance of 15s. ljd. The grant during the same time to the Church of Eng. land schools was 15s. 0£d. ; to Wesleyan schools, 15s. 7jd. ; to British schools, 15s. 6j. ; to Sclioolboard schools, 15s. Id. a scholar. "The claim of Catholic schools on the parliamentary grant fell under seven heads : the first for average attendance, under which £37,901 12s. Gd. was claimed ; the second for tho attendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 Ss. Gd. ; tbe third is for examination in standards, amounting to £28,915 12s. Od. ; the fourth for examination in classes, amount, ing to £12,355 7s. 7d. ; the fifth for examina tion in special subjects, amounting to £17S ISs. ; the sixth comprised special grants to small schools, and amounted to £23 6s. Sd. ; the seventh was the grant to pupil-teaohers of 60s. to those who obtained the mark of Well, and of 40s. to those who obtained the mark of Fairly. "The Governments grants to Catholic training colleges for tbe year ending 31st December, 187S, were as follows : — To St. Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 12s. 6d., to gether with £26 10s., received from science and art department ; total, £1765 2s. 6d. ; the students in residence being 39; to the Training College of Notre Damo, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, £2913, togother with £52 from the Art Grant ; total £2965, the Btudents in residence being 114 ; to the Training College of the Sacred Heart, Wands worth, £1667 17s. 10d., the students in residence beiDg 50. "Catholic night schools received a grant for the year ending 31st August, 1878, of of £1643 la. Gd., being a rate per scholar ia average attendance of 8s. 6jd. .".The whole grant for Catholic schools in England aud Wales in the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109,495 9s. 9d. "The grant to Catholio schools in Scotland for the same period was £19,370 8s. 7d. The rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance wns, in Catholic schools, 14s. 6|d. ; in Church of Scotland schools, 16s. 114d. ; in Free Church sohools, 16s. 5d. , in Episcopal Church sohools, 14s. 7£d. ; in Public schools, 16s. 101-d. " If we add together the whole grant to Catholic elementary schools and training colleges in England and Wales, which amounts to £109,495 9s. 9d., and that to schools in Scot land, which amounts to £19,370 8s. 7d., wo obtain a collective grant for Groat Britain, in the year 1878, of £128,865 18s. 4d. " Was it out of love or tenderness to Catholicity, as such, that the great statesmen of England framed such a system as this ? and was it because they loved the Pope that the English people accepted it ? All who have any knowledge of the national spirit are well aware that, had there not boon some profound reason connected with the national prosperity, the Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would have been set on foot to weaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic life out of the people. The croods would have had to send their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with self-respeot, could teach religion ia them. Tho creed-schools would be treated with disfavour by the Government or their officials ; the State schools would be as palaoes through the land, with tho best masters and appointments; whilst thoso sohools where the love and fear of God, and the great directive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on the prinoiple of the decay of the weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would be reared up with less and less religion, and more and more of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever taught a lesson, the sure presage of moral effeminacy and national decay. Far- seeing English statesman, possessing the characteristic of the race, resisted this spirit of national apostacy, ond respecting, as gentle, men do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest, give fair play to all, and conciliated the love and affection of England's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold hor own in the broad contests of interna tional life ; her nerve and sinew will be tough, her heart sound ; and the principles of her imperial sway will still be founded in the depth of a Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of statesmanship, maintains a system of education based on a principle that would satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Churoh. In resisting 1 Secularist Ednoation,' we are, in reality, resisting a principle of national overthrow ; and by maintaining our rights as Catholics we are doing untold service to the State. Here, whilst we are holding, or struggling, for our own, we are laying lines of future prosperity. Wo are the true friends of the people and of the country, for we found our own hoDour and greatness on our conscien tious convictions regarding morality and faith ; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know them not, these great principles of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty, on which imperiol England's greatness mainly rests. "Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in con science, send our children to ' public schools.' We are bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not thorough Protestants, however exemplary Protestants may be. This ia no cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows, ond all intelligent Protestants know, that Catholics who have any thoroughness in them cannot bring them selves to jeopardize the future Catholicity of their children by sending them to public schools. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recognises the full force of the Church's teaching on this subject. Ho says: 'The Roman Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the freest Governments in the world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony of Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Protestants are largely intei mingled in the population, the Government has recognised that the pecular opinions of Roman Catholics have made separate schools for them necessary. The con cession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it will sooner or later be wrung from our political necessities." "Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair play in the minds of our fellow- colonists. We are convinced that, when they really grasp onr case, they will be ready to give us all we ask. We merely beseech those concerned so to arrange that a large section of the community, the Roman Catholics, some say one-third of the population, may give their children a thorough, honest Catholio cdncation, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who are satisfied with public schools. " ' Therefore, ray beloved brethren, be steadfast and immovable : always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labour is uot vain in the Lord.' ' For the rest, brotbren, rejoice, be perfect, take exhor tation, bo of one mind, have peace ; and the God of peace and of love shall be with you. . . . The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' " Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the arch diocese of Sydney, on Sunday August 24, " + ROGER BEDE. "Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan." 