A SEW SPIRITUALIST SENSATION. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 17. | Happening to be in Edinburgh lately, I had the pleasure of assisting at a seance of anti spiritualists, which is causing curses both load and deep among the medinms. The demon strator was a young American, Mr. W.J. Bishop, a godson of that most genial of essayists, Wash ington Irving. A good account of him—the first published in this country—was given by Dr. Carpenter in his article on " Psychological Curiosities of Spiritualism," in Fraser's Maga zhie of November, 1877. Mr. Bishop was already a famous man in America, or rather a famous youth, for he had hardly completed his curri culum at Harvard. He is the son of an eminent lawyer in New York, and a friend whom he dearly loved having been driven mad by the mediums, Mr. Bishop covenanted with himself that he would leave no stone unturned to ferret out the whole imposture. The latest wonder at that time (1875) was Eva Fay, who had been over here in London reaping a golden harvest frem the incredulous. I remember very wtll the noise made by her wonderful performances. Without any accessories, and with her cabinet in full gaze of her audience, she performed in a minu:e or two feats which the Davenport Brothers had required half an honr to accomplish. She allowed herself to be bound and the cabinet to be watched while tambourines were played inside, hands were shown over the top of the cabinet, and spirit messages were written on slates. At the close the committee bad always to certify to the audience that Miss Fay's bandages were intact and bad evidently never been moved There could have been no confederate; there con Id have been no action of hers; there was consequently no explanation hut the gruesome one [she chose to give—that the tambourine playing and the other noises were all super natural. Miss Fay was gladly welcomed by the spiritualists, or spiritists, as they are styled now. She was taken up by Mr. Orookes the stanch asserter of psychic force and of the supernatural in science. He had her repeatedly at his house, and defied the whole .Royal Society to explain away her miracles on rationalistic principles. The scientific sceptics wanted ocular evidence. " Let Fay," they say, " perform her miracles outside her cabinet, and we will believe them." She steadily declined that challenge, however, as insulting and repellant to the spirits. Then Mr. Crookes devised a test which was to be as good as seeing her during the manifestations. Sir William Thomson had invented a beautiful instrument —the galvanometer—by which the strength of an electt ic current could be accurately measured. Suppose the index needle were at zero and tbe electric current were passed through a deflecting medium, such as the human body, the disturbance would be indicated by a deflection of the needle. Mr. Crookes and Mr. Varley, the well-known cable electri cian, applied light to the needle so as to make it throw a shadow on a graduated scale, reproducing every deflection, however minute or transient. A proposal was then made to the Royal Society and all whom it concerned that Miss Fay shonld be placed in an electric circuit thus formed, and that the fixity of the needle should be considered proof positive of her beiDg also fixed. The galvanometer was placed in front of the audience, and the wires forming the circuit were conveyed into the dark chamber used by Miss Fay. There two handles were attached to them, which she had to lay hold of. As soon as she did so the shadow of the needle on the graduated scale—which was also of course !in the auditorium—exhibited a strong deflection. In its deflected position it remained until she was authorized to iet go the handles ; rand meanwhile the manifestations proceeded in the usual lively manner of the spirits.Not-only. were tambourines played.and bells rung, but a spirit form handed out books to the" Committee. A distinguished zoologist would receive a copy of Darwin, a geologist a volume of Lyell or Morchison, and a physiolo gist a work of Carpenter. There was no arguing with the galvanometer; its evidenoe : was as conclusive as eyesight itself—perhaps to some of the scientists present nfhn more so. - Mr. Orookes was triumphant, and Miss Fay returned to America in a blaze of spiritual glory. . . . . Happily the Americans do not allow their cleverness to run all in the same channel. A few of them think that honesty is the best policy, and they pursue it with as much smart cess as their friends do the opposite maxim. Mr. Bishop heard of the galvanometer test, which the JJoyal Society had practically ad mitted to be unanswerable. He was, like Edison, an electrician, and he set his brain to work to detect what he believed to be the certain trick in the manifestation. Some of Mr. Edison's assistants and the principal electrician of the Western Union Telegraph Company assisted him, and in a short time he hit on the secret. By interposing an electro-magnet he produced the same effect on the electric circuit as the human body did. All he had to do now was to adjust the electro-magnet so that it might by some secret agency be brought into play at the proper moment. In this also he succeeded, and it was thus demonstrated that Annie Eva Fay had not necessarily been fixed to the electric handles all the time the spirits were performing their gambols. On Miss Fay's return to the States he became acquainted with her and made her aware of the detection. I have it from himself that she has to some extent " rounded" on .her London accomplices, and made revelations which will be awkward for Mr. Crookes. He has in his possession a paper, hearing Miss Fay's signature, which leaves no doubt tbat the learned savans were taken in during the summer of 1876. Mr. Bishop, on the requisition of a large number of clergy men and medical men, gave a public demonstra tion in New York of a variety of mediumistic tricks. In the autumn he was invited to Boston, where his exposure of the cabinet and other swindles was received with delight, and gained the approval of men like Oliver Wendell Holmes. Dr. Carpenter, who has for many years interested himself in tracking every new swindle of the mediums, invited Mr. Bishop to visit him in England. Under his auspices the " galvanometer test" was exhibited to Professor Huxley and a number of other authorities, who recognised it as a complete refutation—to say the least of it—of Mr. Crookes's argu ment that Miss Fay could not possibly have moved away from the handles. Under their advice he went down to Edinburgh in the hope of being allowed to give a preliminary demonstration in the University there. He had introductions to Dr. Arthur Mitchell, a zealous anti- spiritist, who took his business in hand very readily. He saw Pro fessor Tait, one of the most accomplished physicists of the day, and joint author of that marvellous book, " The Unseen Universe." When the galvanometer test was explained to him the Professor roared with laughter, as he has a gift of doing; he is as great in humour as in physics. Application was made to the senatus for the use of his classroom for the demon stration, but some technical difficulty occurred to prevent its being granted. Mr. Bishop, nothing daunted, offered to give a seance in the dining-saloon of bis hotel. The Principal of the University, Sir Alexander Grant, and most of the scientific professors accepted invitations, j The principal clergy, Catholic, Episcopal, and Presbyterian, readily joined the company. In the front row the Homeric-looking Blackie sat in an armchair beside the portly Archbishop Strain, who, rumour says, is to be made a Cardinal shortly. Crum Brown, the most learned and cautious of chemists; Ruther ford, the vivisecting physiologist, whom every old lady who has lost a cat thinks should be tried for homicide; Lord Curriehill, the most affable of Whig Judges ;and the Rev. Walter Smith, the only poet who can bear the chilling atmosphere of the Free Church, were all eager witnesses of the performance. I should perhaps stop here if Mr. Bishop were likely to visit Adelaide, as it would be unfair to you to t:.ke the cream off his disclosures; but he says that this is positively his last year at the business, and if you are not told about him now you may be permanent losers. The gal vanometer test was illustrated by Professor Tail, who vouched for the accuracy of the prortss, and also for the sufficiency of Mr. Bishop's explanation. Mr. Bishop himself then assumed the lead, starting with a very beautifol experiment to illustrate what Sir David Brewster and others have called " unconscious cerebiation." Archbishop Strain was requested to write on a slip of paper the name of a deceased persox and four or five numerals, then to seal it up in an envelope and put it in his pocket. A length of thin wire—twelve or four teen feet long—was produced, and one eud of it placed in the left hand of the Archbishop. Mr. Bishop, taking the other end, passed it over the tips cf the fingers of his right hand and across his brow. Having been blindfolded, be began to recite the numerals one, two, three, four, &c.; At seven he turned back and repeated four, five, six, then named five as the first number. In his second round he selected seven, and so on till he had the required number. Repeating the alphabet in the ssme way he picked out the first letter of the name on the slip, going over them again until he had got four letters, when he guessed that the name was " Scott." On examination of the Archbishop's slip both the numbers and the name were correct. The Archbishop was more pnzzled about the numbers, because he said he had forgotten them himself. Mr. Bishop con sidered the illustration all the better for that, as the Archbishop's mind had acted without his cognizance, and his nerves responding to the mention of the figure or letter had agitated the wire perceptibly enough for Mr. Bishop to feel it in full sway. Afterwards came the conjuring. Mr. Bishop had his wrists bound as tightly as he could bear with hospital bandages, one on each wrist. The bandages were sewed to his shirt slteves, and tied together behind. They were next tied to a strong iron ring inserted in the wall, where he sat on a camp stool. His legs were bound firmly to the stool, which was nailed to the floor, and his neck was also bandaged to the wall. As he sat in view of the company you would have thought it was absolutely impossible for him to move a quarter of au inch up or down,to the right or to the left. A tambourine was placed on his knees con taining several small bells, whistles, and other noisy instruments. A curtain was raised., the pianist struck up a dance tune, and instantly the whistles were heard squealing, the bells ringing, and the tambourine drumming. In another second the bells were flying over the curtain on to the floor outside. In the second illustration a heavy bucket was placed on his knee; the curtain rose for a second, fell, and the bucket was ou his head. Number Three.—A tambourine, with a jlt ss of wine on it, was placed on his knee. The curtain rGse and fell again, and he had the glass in his mouth, swallowing the water. Number four was an answer to a challenge he had received from Russell Wallace, the naturalist, who is also a spiritist, to tie a bandage round his neck with a ring on it while in the cabinet. A strip of hospital cotton was placed round his ueck by the attendant with the ends crossed on his breast. A ring was put in his mouth, and the curtain ascended. This time the interval was perhaps a minute or two, and when it fell Mr. Bishop sat with the bandage tied very tight and„the ring on it. It had to be cat off, and the ends were passed round among the company. Illustration five.—Two small boards and a hammer were placed on a chair beside him. In half a minute he had driven a nail through both boards. The last two dark performances were made with a gentleman inside the curtain. He sat close to Mr. Bishop, with his left hand on his forehead and bis right on his thigh. He bad to allow himself to be blindfolded, bat he was to report to the company if he felt any movement of Mr. ; Bishop's head or legs. A violin, a flute, and some bells were put in as before, and on the cnrtain rising the bells began to fly about again. When it dropped the violin was seen lying on the gentleman's shonlder, and he reported chat : he felt himself tapped by a hand on the arm, face, aDd head, his own hands being all the while on Mr. Bishop. At this stage Mr. Bishop offered to perform in full view of the company any of the feats they might select. He explained beforehand that they were done partly by physical contortion and partly by Bheer strength of forearm. The com pany asked for the necktie feat, and at his request a doctor stood beside him. The fact was, as he let out afterwards, he was afraid of fainting before he had finished it. When the strip of cotton had been arranged on his neck, he made two or three wriggles as if he were going te turn his chest to the wall whether his head and legs would follow it or not. His Uft hand came round from behind, and seemed to lengthen itself visibly as it slowly reached toward the ends of the cotton. With the tips of his fingers he secured the two ends, looped them, and with a simultaneous effort of the hard and head he got one end into his month. Having drawn his first knot, he made a second, slipping the ring on, and then a third. Dr. Maclayau reported to the company that his pulse had risen to 140 and that his muscles were iii estate of tension each as he had -never witnessed before, and he condemned the experi ment as dangeron8 ; and Mr. Bishop himself ad mitted that it was not one to try often. Be was asked to repeat the slate-writing, a very clever feat. The slate was laid on his knee and & slatepencil stack between hie feet. Bepeating hie strange contortion lie broughtround his left hsnd and got hold of the slate, passed it behind him, and giving a wriggle in the opposite direction he brought his right-band vest pocket within reach of his elastic right-hand , fingers. Extracting a pencil from it he quickly wrote on the slate at his bach, and very dear regular writing it was. Subsequently he exposed some of the minor tricks of tne trade, of which ghost raising is one. He made a gentleman sit down before him with his back to him, then he had his In a trice he released one hand, struck the gentle man on the shoulder with it after challenging him to catch kit. Before the gentleman could wheel round on his chair Bishop had Ins hand back into the loop behind him apparently so tight that it cotdd not be pulled ont. To finish he brought forward a case like a small sentry box with a narrow seat in it. He had his wrists bandaged again, and the ends of the bandages passed through holes in the back of tne box and sealed behind it. A strong rope netting was drawn over the front of the box and tied behind by several rows of cord, a small drum, tambourine, and bells were thrown down beside it, and the curtain was drawn on him. All the lights were lowered, and true to his promise be " raised" the patriarchal John King who_shook his grizzled locks above the curtain. But the sensation of the seance was the materialised Kitty King, who came from behind the curtain and showed herself as a beauty of a couple of centuries ago looking lor her affinity. This ghost business, as he explained it, is one of the most impndent humbugs the mediums attempt. He showed that the case had a spring at the bottom, which released an iron frame to which the netting was-fastened. The frame could be raised and the netting along with it far enough to let the medium get out. The only difficulty was to release the hands from their sealed bracelets. The wardrobe of the spirits—wigs, laces, and ghostly millinery—was concealed in the drum he had thrown down, as if casually. As a mere conjuror Mr. Bishop could, if he liked, take the place of poor Heller, who died recently at Hew Tork but he has another profession in view. His arms are an anatomical study—a thick muscular forearm, passing abruptly into the wrist of a boy, and expanding again into a broad short hand He ^admitted to the medical men who eagerly examined it that it had the power of elongation —a very rare but not unknown muscular pecu liarity. Miss Fay, he said, had the same gift, and also that of contortion,but of course she had not his great strength. Her slimness perhaps compensates for it. He affirmed that her tricks had been performed precisely as he had shown, and hinted that, like Mis. Xilton, she had become an interesting penitent. He gave two public performances in Edinburgh, and is now waiting till arrangements have been made for his public reception by the JECoyal Society in London. Mr. Crookes, I hear, has threatened proceedings should there be any insinuation that he was an accomplice of Miss Fay. Your Mel bourne spiritists may be looking out for revela tions. 