PROCESSES OF BEATIFICATION AND CANONIZATION. The Civilta Ckitlolica recently published a document bearing on the recent petitions for the speedy commencbment of a process for , the beatification of Pius IX. Tn his reply to the Father-General of the Seolopii, after the reading of the decree of the Congregation of Kites on the virtues of the Venerable Pompilio I Pirotti, Leo XIII. mentioned that ho had many years ago begun privately to invoke the intercession and protection of that servant of God. And from this example the Civilta infers that there can be no possible objection to those who have a high conception of the sublime virtues of the late lamented Pontiff invoking his aid in their secret devotions. But tlui.se sentiments have prompted not only some of the faithful, but some pas tors, publicly to express a desire that the rules which regulate the canonical pro cedure in causes of beatification should he de rogated from, with a view to the immediate instruction of the cause of Pius IX. The competent authority has in consequence thought it prudent to publish in a small volume of twelve pages, an explanation of the canonical procedure to he observed in all causes of beatification and canonization. This the Civilta Cattolica reprints, the sum of it being that in a matter so important nothing is to changed in the usages which have been wisely established, and which should regulate the fervour of good Catholics. Accordingly the Sacred Congregation of Kites, in its audience of the 16th November, examined and declined to approve the forms of Novenas and other prayers, even when supported by ecclesiastical approbation, which have been circulated in Koine and elsewhere. The faith ful are perfectly at liberty to invoke the prayers of Pius IX., in their private devotions, hut the words of the Civilta., “ it is not per mitted to them, by Novenas or any other public act, to anticipate in any way the judg ment which is within the competence of the Itoman Pontiff alone.” Bishop Uluatiionk, in his correspondence with the late gifted Lady Chatterton, referred to the following powerful argument. It made a tremendous impression on the great mind of Edmund Burke when Bishop Gibson pointed out to him that “if all the sects separated from the Catholic Church were assembled in jury to judge one single Catholic on each point there would be a majority to prove his faith. For where any Protestant sect raised a point, the majority derived from the Eastern sects and other Protestant sects would be on the Catholic side ; and where there is an Eastern sect, the other Eastern and higher Protestant sects would be on the Catholic side.” “ But,” said Burke to the Bishop, “ there is one thing you forget —the Pope.” “ Not at all,” replied the Bishop, “ the Easterners still recognise him as the head Bishop of the Church, and the president of her councils, anil the final voice ; only they say he is in error on some one point that they maintain, be it the procession of the Holy Ghost from the Son as well as the Father, or he it the two natures in Christ, or he it the two wills in Christ, and on each of these points the other sects of the East and the great Protestant communities of the West are with the Pope. And you must remember that whilst the ad versaries of the Church, all taken together, give a majority on each point of doctrine to the Catholic, that the Catholic is one of a body which alone constitutes the majority of Chris tians, which has possession from the begin ning, and undisputed succession, and that all others who claim succession profess to have brought it from the Catholic Church.” Burke Sank his head between his hands, ami remained astounded. After a time he lifted up his face full of awe, and exclaimed—“ An amazing truth ! an astounding argument 1 I will go and tell it to Fox, and I hope to see you again.” But soon after,” concludes Bishop Gibson, “ he died.” Willie Law, a half-witted man, was, the decendant of an ancient family, nearly re lated to the famous John Law, of Lauriston, the celebrated financier of France. Willie on that account was often spoken to and taken notice of by gentlemen of distinction. Post ing one clay through Kirkaldy with more than ordinary speed, he was met by Mr. Oswald, of Dunnikier, who asked him where ho was going in such a hurry. “ Going” says Willie, “I’m goingto my cousin, Lord Elgin’s burial,” “Your cousin, Lord Elgin’s burial, you fool! Lord Elgin’s not dead,” replied Mr. Os wald. “ Oh, never mind,” quoth Willie, “ there’s six doctors out of Edinbro’ at him, and they’ll hae him dead afore I get there.” 