REMINISCENCES OF THE NORTH. WHY HE LIVED IN HIS HAT." About a 180 miles to tlie northward of Tort August^ in the hilly country near to 'where the Blinman Mine wn$ afterwards discovered, was a small out-station for cattle, which we will call Pindawirin, and at it lived the young fellow in charge, who rather ungraciously answered to the familiar but scarcely awe- inspiring name of Jemmy. He was an honest, hard-woiking, and withali good- looking fellow, who had not received his education at Oxford or Cambridge, though he t asserted he had once been thrown on an accadamised road (he meant McAdamised), where he had stopped till he was removed from it in a state of insensibility, the situation having had a stunning affect on his brain. Jemmy did much affection pollysyllabic words, using them on all possible and impossible occasions regardless of consequences, and to this circumstancc might perhaps be owing the- generally-accepted report that he generally perverted and magnified the truth, for his grandiloquent periods were often • far frotn apropos to his subject, and so, though he did box the compass of truth most incorrectly at times, I do not think he altogether merited the character be had of being a greater than " Tom Pepper." But as his hutkeeper wiii be my principal character, I shall not farther enlarge here on the peculiar talents and idiosyncra cies of the principal. The hutkeeper in question was a Londoner, a tailor by trade, who was still remarkable for the wonderful skill he evinced in the (instruction of moleskin trousers for riding purposes, such *s the young stockmen loved to appear. in in those days. These he used to make while the lump of salt beef was boiling in the huge three- legged iron pot, or the primitive damper ejected its little puffs of steam through the heap of hot ashes, beneath which it was gradually resolving itself into wholesome human provender, while a tame emu of gigantic proportions cranedhis neck through the hole in the slabs at the back of the hut, dignified by the name of window, and a covey of tame little quails ran about the flag- stone floor or scratched the ant-hills outside. ' o Of course when any drafting was going on Entic (for such wu will call our hutkeeper) had to lay aside his thimble, goose, and needle, and flourish"astockwhip, for lie had to lend his assistance on the run or in the yard, as the case might be, and a good helper he was, notwithstanding that he was rather addicted to premature flight to the top of the nearest fence when a cow regarded him with too meditative an air. But to return to the trousers they certainly were all • that any reasonable being could desire, it a perfect fit is the chief end in those things, and a man's cuticle can be .considered a faultless model. I have worn those Entician envelopes myself, so can describe them feelingly. First then, when you had succeeded in getting a new pair on, which could only be accomplished after a long and severe course of fasting and mortification, you could easily imagine yourself transported into the dungeons of the Inquisition as an object \ for fatal compression, or that you are ; transmognified into a pair of animated j compasses, such a state of rigidity did your understandings assume. Secondly, that while those patent ipoleskin mangles remained on (which was till some strong good-uat'ured fellow got into a dreadl'ul state of perspiration in attempting to extricate you from their clutches) a square meal was not the cause of unmitigated satisfaction. ; But to return to our liero—he was about ' five feet eight in height and of slight build, | in age he alight have been taken for any- I thing between 25 and 46. I He wore a cabbage-tree hat, a pair of home-made inexpressibles of the same cut as those lie had for his customers (which, therefore, gave him a gazelle-like appearance), and these girt over a Crimean shirt by a black shiney belt completed, with a pair of light lace-up boots, his usual attire. His face was destitute of beard, his features sharp, his eyes a cold steel grey, with eyebrows of no particular color, but which had a sort of upward kink in them which gave to his physiognomy the perky look of a not too good-tempered terrier. He was very reserved and quiet in his manners, yet loved a choice bit of scandal hugely, and testified his appreciation of the same by a dry yelping chuckle from beneath the drooping flap of that hat, which had never been seen off his head, for he seemed to wear it day and night, summer and winter, or as Jemmy said", " lived in it." Indeed this feet had often been commented on by the dwellere In the regions around, who hazarded all sorts of conjectures as to the why and wherefore of the phenomenon ; but which still, nevertheless, remained shrouded in impenetrable mastery, for there was something about Entic/which repressed questioning,' and he never told anything Without. . Well, the days and weeks multiplied themselves into months and years, and our friends pursued the even tenor of their lives, now accumulating money by saving their wages and adding a little to them by horse dealing, for a fortnight's questionable gaiety, to conle back cleaned out; and still Entic's head was never seen - without his hat, till at a branding muster, when the calves weu» brought in to receive their owner's brniid, and the neighbors came to get any of their stragglers which chanced to be at Pindawirta, the seGret which had so long baffled the curiosity of-the Flinders stock-keepers leaked out. It was customary at all such musters for the overseer and stock-keeper of the head station to come over to assist, and on ; the occasion in question they had duly I arrived,the stock-keeper or Old Ned, as he was called, leading with him * two-year-old j filly belonging to Entic, which he had just i finished breaking in for him (there being a j small paddock at the head station where a youngster could be kept during that opera- ' tion, and so escape the necessity of having it's legs cut to pieces by hobbles, which would have been the case with a colt or filly from the wild mob at Pindawirta, where there was 110 such convenience, for it would strain every nerve to get back to its old run and companions). Well, the filly was duly patted by Entic, and had its docility elaborately expatiated upon by old Ned, who then suggested that the owner should begin to ride her at once, for said he, " She is as quiet as a sheep now, hut will soon be worse than ever if she gets away back to the mob, and that she is sure to do if you leave her here while wo are mustering." " All right," said Entic manfully, " if she's quiet I'll ride her." " Well, she's carried me quiet enough and a blackfellow, so I don't think they'll bject to such a good-looking chap as you," said the breaker. " Oh, you shut up now, and just hold her till I bring out my traps, but mind you, if she breaks my neck^-d'H set my ghost to haunt ybu," said Eutic, as he disappeared into the hut to get his riding gear, which he always kept scrupulously clean and well oiled. " I wonder whether his ghost would have the hat on ?" queried Ned of the bystanders, with a horrible, contortion of countenance which set them all laughing. " What are you fellows giggling at ?" queried Entic suspiciously, as he came out of the hut, loaded with trailing paraphcr- ' nalia. " You're up to some trick I 0 believe." " Not we," said the overseer ; " we are only laughing at that old humbug Ned. • The filly is quiet enough, or he would never have ridden her." ] Thus re-assured, Entric duly adjusted his saddle on the filly, then nearly covered her with martingale, surcingle, crupp r, &c.;, and atterwards cautiously insinuated him- j self on the top of all, Ned holding the mare j by the near car with his right hand, and | the bridle with his left, till the hutkeeper I was fairly settled. Then lie quietly let go i his hold, and the quiet animal wandered about dangerously close to the other horses heels, her owner resuming the rigidity of a pair of tongs, with his elbows close to his sides, not daring to move, though the flies, ever on the alert to take advantage of such golden opportunities, revelled in the sweets ot his countenance, beneath the shade of his 'cabbnge-tree. I have heard it said that it is nice to have a baby, and Entric was then experiencing some of the delights to be found in the possessiou of an equine one. Yet he did not look supremely happy. AH would have gone right, however, had not that infernal pet emu just then taken it into his head to return home from a morning stroll. It was a wonder Entic did not think of him, for often had he laughed at the discomfiture of strangers on shy horses when that incarnation of mischief had gambolled round them, but as Dick and the station horses were 011 good terms, Entic had never given him a thought, forgetting that his filly had not been runningat home, consequently that she inignt perhaps object to a sudden and unexpected introduction to the emu " Ah!" said Richard to himself as ho stalked round the earner of the slab hut," here's a lark. That's a strange youngster I know, " I'll amuse it a little," and with that he broke into a run, wobbling his neck and tail, and described a circle round the filly, which began to dash her head about and snort, then Dick suddenly elevated himself to his full height; inflated his neck till it seemed fully a foot wide, ejected a horrible hiss from his gaping beak that would have roused the envy ofapxthon, and Entic's hat was off at last, so was Kntic, and so was the filly for a five- mile breather across country, Dick following as fast as he could to see that she went right, and perhaps to note where she left the tackling here and there. We'll, here was a Catastrophe, for there lay a pinch-faced old man, his eyes closed, and the pallid hue of death on his features, and no hair on his head. Yes, that head was as smooth and polished as the fieldglass of the best finished telescope, or, as Old Nod said, " Like a Chinaman's nut nicely shaved, with the pigtail keerfully singed off." Hero, then, was the reason why Eutic had never been seen without his hat, and, strange to relate, not one of those present, all of whom had known hiin for four or five years, had ever suspect d him of being bald. His comrades mournfully raised the inanimate form, and bore it into their hut, where, after patiently swabbing tiiat shiney spot with cold water for some time, they had the satisfaction of seeing his eve" slowly unclose, and his right hand pas s enquiringly over the damp place, and then felt hurriedly for the cabbage tree ; but it was still outside the hut, so he had to face his old friends like a new acquaintance, for though they had just seen him part with his hat, and lud not lost sight of him since for a moment, and therefore were quite certain that he was the same individual who had so gallantly mounted the filly, yet they would not have believed that tiie pale and peeky patriarch before them was the awhile youthful but taciturn comrade, had not the trousers fortunately remained to prove unmistakeably the wearer's identity. . After his accident Entic, as other bald men usually do, made the best of his misfortune, and took his hat off sometimes when there were no Females about, or he wanted to sro to bed. 