I ÜTotes on Current Events. The distinct declaration of Lord Beaconsfield, that any return to protection, or oven a system of reciprocity, is an impossibility in England, is worthy of note for many reasons. Iiis Lord ship made his political reputation hy leading the country squires in their last defence of protection, and, up to recent years, he bas been looked upon with suspicion hy the mercantile classes for his leanings to the exploded system. Even as late as 1871 his best friends put out feelers to find out whether the Conserva tive party ought not to be rallied by the reciprocity cry. Now, in spite of the depression of trade, and the attempt of Lord Bateman and a few others to attack free-trade, Lord Beacons field perceives that the most modified form of free trade has not the ghost of a chance in Great Britain, In coining to this conclusion ho shows the vigour and the ilexibility of his mind. All his own pre judices, if he has such feelings, must be in favour \ of protection, but his judgment is not blinded, be can perceive with his accustomed acuteness the real position of the nation with regard to fiscal policy, and he casts down with contempt tho ladder by which he climbed to fame, Mr, Berry has found a congenial audience among the Chelsea Radicals, and he has been enabled to Bpeakin his own natural style, which must have been kept under severe restraint during his negotiations with the Tory Government. Few of the English Liberals are BO warm in their sympathy with the Victorians as Sir Charles Dilke, the member for Chelsea. In his work on Greater Britain, he attempted an apology for them in those points upo» which they differ most from the liberals of other countries, and he did good service by showing that tho protectionists, however mistaken, are not animated by the merely selfish considerations which weighed with old English Tories when they maintained the corn laws, in order to keep up rents at the expense of the masses of the com munity. Encouraged by Sir Charlea Dilke's presence. Mr. Berry indulged in some of the dangerous allusions to separation and to republican institutions, with which he occasionally alarms the Conservatives of Victoria. It is somewhat amusing to think that, after all his self restraint, he should appear in bis true character at the end of his English visit, and give the opportunity of seeing what a rampant Victorian can do when excited by the presence of an assembly of hiB fellow countrymen. Tho Government and the House were in a pretty muddle last week respecting the Land Bill. Ob ! ecurity appears to be the natural condition of all legislation j ust now, and the Land B ill is not much better drawn than the average of public measures. At any rate, it is not clear whether it was retrospective in its provisions or not. Mr. Greenwood condemned it on that ground, and the Attorney-General moved an amendment making it clear that it was only to be retrospective to 1875. This was defeated, and the Opposition coalesced with the free-selecting party to make the bill entirely retrospec tive, and when tho Government contested the point again, it was defeated again hy a narrow majority. The principal of retrospective legislation which has been affirmed by the House is a very dangerous one, and may be very injurious as a precedent, but it does not matter very much whether it be applied to all unsettled land cases or only to those which have coma into existence since 187Ö. Tho mem bers of the Government did not seem lo know exactly what they intended, and as the Premier takes a dumb part when land ques tions are being discussed, his colleagues were over matched by the heavy debating artillery brought to bear against them. During the evening tho voting was most extraordinary, and it is probable that several gentlemen might have made the same corfession as Mr. Lynch, " that they voted by mis take on the wrong side." A divorce case, which ima occupied much of the attention of the court for sometime, reveals the existence of horrible crimes which it behoves the police to take up. A person named Maitin charges his wife with crimes almost too horrible for belief, and strangely she admits the worst part of them. The evidence is fully laid before the judge and jury with the view of obtaining a divorce and damages from a co-respondent, and the jury, without any delay, give a verdict against the petitioner. If tho verdict is correct, and we have no reason to doubt it, a most terrible conspiracy must have, been entered into, and the authorities ought to take prompt steps to bring i the offender to justice. Nothing more monstrous I has ever been brought to light in the courts of 1 New South Wales, the most sacred feelings of 1 humanity have been trampled upon to gratify un- 1 hallowed passion?, or to satisfy unlawful greed. It < ia for the police to determine who are the < criminals, and to bring the sledge hammer of the 1 law down upon the wicked ones. I It appears almost like a vision of the dead to < read a political manifesto signed " Napoleon." i The young Prince who inherits tho name of the late Emperor of the French has been known generally as the Prince Imperial, and his cousin 1 has horne the tile of Prince Napoleon. The exile 1 in England claims tho headship of the family, and ( in his recent letter to M. Koulier, the Parlia- i mentary leader of the Imperialists, he 1 signa himself as his father used to do- ] "Napoleon." Ho appoals with considerable I skill to the military spirit of Franco \ in his letter announcing his intention to Í servo as a volunteer in the Zulu war. Ho evidently 1 wishes to maintain the warlike traditions of his I family, and thanks God that the military spirit is ] not dead in France. His " baptism of fire " at - Saarbruck was not very successful, and he now « seeks to win a soldier's reputation amid i the bullets and assegais of the Zulus, i He may be successful in proving that ho i inherits tho qualities of the Napoleonic race, but in so doing he will convince the sober-minded people of France and the foreign Powers that his accession to power would mean the renewed rote11ChauviniBin, tbepolicv of yul gar military ostentation, in other words, the rule of the army. The Empire cannot subsist in Frances except by pandering to the passion for glory, andi therefore the young and amiable prince, who isl now fighting with our countrymen in Zululand,, maybe looked upon as the worst enemy of tho peace and prosperity of France. The New Zealand Maories hare manifested from timo to time some remarkablo religious develop ments. Scarcely any native has so readily ac cepted Christianity and none has so readily peï-t verted it. Out of their old faiths and the new"¡ croed they constructed a religion of their own,au"df out ,of this medley of beliefs they have pro-i duced some strange fanaticism and xéïii gio us vagaries. At present one of th» Maori diíhcuüiea appears to be owing chiefly tc» the self-delusion of Te Whiti, who imagines him-* self or pretends to be inspired from on high. Hei says he is the precursor of some one greater, andi with nn indignation worthy of the Hebrew pro^ phets, threatens destruction to the pakehas anrlj the modern Babylon. To him Lord Macaulay's! vision appears within the limits of probability^ for he announces that the small nation; shall be raised up and overthrow the* oppressors of tho world. When a chief has fancieai of this kind, it must require a very clever negotii ator to settle a land grievance with him. Mri Mackay, '.who was charged with the duty ofi arranging preliminaries with him, answered hita, in hiB own style. To Whiti quoted Scripture, and; Mr. Mackay reminded him of Pharaoh who hardened his heart, and " this resulted badly for Pharaoh." There seems to be very widespread belief in Te Whiti's prophesies, and consequently some of the Maories are .about as amenable to' reason as the Hampshire Shakers who settled them* selves down in place after place to which they had' no right, under tho belief that Ileavon had give» them the right to do what they liked. In the word* of the revivalist hyma they thought that they wara "free from the law, ob, happy condition," but thej had to back before the majesty of British justice} and Te Whiti and his friends will have to do th« same, In Afghan affairs, events are often announced twice over ; the first time, a rumour with litti« foundation makes its way through the world, and is then contradicted, later ' on the occurrence which was rumoured, becomes an aecom« plished fact. For instance, at Christmas if was telegraphed that Yakoob Khan hai come to Jellalabad to treat for peace. This turned out to be a false report, but now it is again said that the new Ameer has made his appearance al the head-quarters of the British invading army, There is e^eryreason to believe the telegrapb.for in the middle of March, according to the latest Indian files, Yakoob was said to have set out from Cabul with a small force, intending to interview the political officer. The Ameer may well endeavoui to make peace, for his difficulties at home are by no means light. The favourite wife of Sheri Ali, whose influence was disastrously exerted during that monarch's reign in favouj of her incapable Json Abdullah ¿han, the exclu* sion of the warlike Yakoob, has resumed her intrigues, and this time, strange to say, in favouj of her eon-in-law. Whatever she may be in pri« vate life aa a mother-in-law in political affairssha is only too eager to serve her daughter's husband. Fate prevented her son mounting the Afghan throne, and she, with a woman's tenacity of pur pose, bas resolved, if possible, that her daughter shall receive royal honours as the principal wife of tho Ameer. When Yakoob has made his peace with the Empross of India, he will probably have to fight for his throne with the adherents of Asmet Ali Khan or Basham Khan, for tho name of the young pretender is not quite clear to the corres pondents of the Indian papora. The Indian Government has taken a most im portant Btep in the direction of complete free trade. The Viceroy and his Finance Minister bayá announced tho complete abolition of the cotton duties on nil coarse goods, that ia to eay on th< cotton goods similar to those manufactured by th< Bombay mill owners. Lancashire will be deeply grateful, and will be more disposed than ever toi condone the many offences of Lord Beaconeneld'a. Government in consideration of- this hoon. It has been for long a great anomaly in Anglo Indian finance, that duties should be levied which made the Indian ryots pay an exorbitant price for their clothes, and at the sam» time interfered with the prosperity of the Lanca shire working man. The remission of those pro-, tectivo taxos has been demanded time after time by the representatives of Englisn manufactures,, and they have been taunted with sollish motives ; but now the Indian Government has done what thoy asked in the interests of India, and tho Viceroy announces that further steps of the same kind will be taken, tor no financial in convenience owing to wars or dérangement of tia exchanges ought to stand in the way of a mensu'vj which will incroaeo tho resources of the country by freeing its commerce. This is the boat news Wi have had from India for many a day, and wo can only hope that Lord Lytton's bright anticipation* will prove well founded. Mr. Edward Combes was much more anxious ta leave Australia than to return to bis adopted, home, and the reason is not far to seek. He re« ceived a nico little advance of £500, and a further, sum of £12îi per month was banded over to bia bankers, JVo wonder that he wrote to "My dear Fitzpatrick," that he would " at onco prepare fo* the journey, so as to got away by the first oppor tunity," nor that ho felt grateful for "this expres sion of confidence." Tho Exhibition was opened before Mr. Combos arrived, and he was unable to take part in the arduous duties of the pre-« liminary arrangement of the exhibit*, hut li« was enabled to take part in all the subse quent jollifications and festivitiop. Ho banqueted" and w¡)s banqueted, and altogether had very plea« cant times. When tho Exhibition was closed ha might have been expected to roturn to the co.'ony^ which had treated him so generously, but no suchi thing. ' So long as £125 a month was forthcoming,; he vff^s hot tlie man to despise it, and accordingly; i he enjoyed himself in England at the expense pf I t,he cclony. As early as last May the Under Sectoc ? .,Âï^tb the Treasury' wrote áaking thé amount to ,l>e flo advanced, dr the period to which the ad vances wore td bé continued. Mr. Combes very j^viflely made rib reply to this communication, ¿nd kept on drawing as much as hq could, until, at tho end o£ the year, the Govern ment stopped the supplies; and, notwithstanding tho receipt of this nice little salary of ¿"2000, Mr. "' Combes considers himself aggrieved that his seat .baa been declared vacant, and thinks that " there \- must be some mistake." The Executive Commis fioner at Paris has shown unexpected ability in ooking after his own interests, but after all that is a form of ability which is not sufficiently rar« for us to feel any great amount of admiration for the new C.M.G. ( _ J. The report of Mr. Adams and Mr. Bennett upon /the railway route to Hay must cause a feeling of . ¿loom to porvaae the usually bright township of . JVagga Wagga. The labours of the extension Itcommittee appear doomed to disappointment, for j the verdict of these two capable and impartial (public officers is decidedly against their theories, líhe direct line from Wagga to Hay is pronounced Simpossible, and the only consolation is that the "Surveyor-lieneral urces very strongly tho con struction of an iron road from Hanging -(Bock to Urana and Jerilderie, and in deed makes his report rolative to the side '. cf the river in which the extension should be , taken from Narandora to Hay depend upon the ,'determination of the Government with respect to i this Urana project. If this recommendation, .'which accords with that of Mr. Vt hitton, be carried ;í¿ut, the fertile land south of the Murrumbidgee rfw-ill not be abandoned to tho traders of Victoria, tas would bo tho casu if only a lino north of the -¡Tiver were to be constructed; and if the Sydney ifpierchnnts would only have confidence in them jeelves and the colony, they would realise that it is I .of primary importance for a line to strike right ¡across the southern half of iiiverina, and that a jjunution with Deniliquin will be of the most ad vantage to tho colony which imposes the fewest i'itestrictions and duties upon its trade. < Just as, according to tue traditional old ¡woman, cols got used even to skinning, so ¡it is certain that there are few things which human beings do not become used ^to. Among other things they may become . quite callous as to being shot at, especially if they have a good walt to hide behind. According to . the latest roport from the Marshall Islands, a war . of a peculiar character is going on in that part '< pf the world, The contending hosts, like the armies of Israel and Thiloxtea, go forth to fight every day when they have nothing more amusing to do. They fire away at 'one another, but hitherto without success. (Strangely enough the person who reaps the most benefits is the one whom wo Bhouid naturally ex pect to bo the most injured. A German trader has " Ä store right in the line of lire, ljut he b6ing a leensible man, has accustomed himself to be shot at, and is enabled to reap a rich harvest from his .(position. Apparently the warriors, when tired of jfihooting, repair to his establishment and purchase this wares. If he laid in a good supply ot powder iand shot he ought to make a fortune, for there jaeems no limit to this sort of warfare so long 'as th« natives have any produce to exchange for ¡munition of war. I Tho bestowal of the Victoria Cross upon tho jbrave I/eutonants who organised and maintained .',the dofenco of Rorke's Drift against overwhelm ing oddp, is a fitting acknowledgment of intelli gent bravery. The mere courage of despair, or "(the stolid fulfilment of duty, is never rare among x»ur vigorous race, but the quick intelligence, _ Vsombined with calm bravery, which was inani " jested hy Chard and Bromhend is by no means BO Common. Without cabing the slightest slur upon ,ithe memory of the valiant men who perished at lsandala, it seems if those in cunmand of the ?xamp had exhibited the same fertility of resources »a these young officers, the Zulu horde would . ¡¡have been forced to recoil from tho well directed fire of the British regiment. Everything available lor purposes of fortification was employed by Ïlromhead and Chard at Korke's Drift, and they ave the proud consciousness of having saved the . ¿British Army in Zululand nn I the commander-in "obief from complete destruction, and the colony of jJNatal from a most terrible invasion. The Victoria .XJroas is the highest honour a soldier can obtain, . «nd it is valued above all promotions, but it is to ie hoped that the War OHice will also find maanB ' (of promoting these brave men to high positions, .where their military skill and British "pluck" jwillbe of most service to their country. , "We un der gt an tl that the linn. Sir Honry Parkes, ' fK,G.M.G., has received a cable message from Lon don, stating that Lord Loftus will leave Liverpool for America on the 7th Juno, and will, therefore, proba bly arrive in Sydney by the Pacific Mail steamer, due here on AuguBt 4, Mr. Jack, Queonsland Government Geologist, has ^received the order of tho Minister fur MincB to exa mine tho district around Cooktown, with special Veferonce to the existence of coal in localities where ;4ho mineral may bo profitably worked, and it ia not Improbable that tho Minister for Works will grant Îhe privilege of a diamond drill to effectually test the earn of coal known to exist within a mile or two of I the surveyed railway line. \ The member for Paddington, Mr. John Sutherland, {?threatened with political extinction. Ou the motion J of Mr. M'Elhone, tho question whether the hon. ^gentleman is entitlod to hold a peat in Parliament was jnferred, on Tuesday, ta the Elections and Qaalifica }tloni Committee. Mr. Sutherland is a partnÇ in the Lithgow Valley Ir.m Works Com pinv, .nd it is alleged-but denied by Mr. Suther land-that that company ia a contractor with \the Government for the vupply of raik for the ^proposed tramwny. During the debate on the .»notion, Mr. Coben said a Mr. Macintosh had äinpplied iron to tho Government for tho Exhibition milding, and he was not mire that, thia Mr. Macin osh was not the member for Eaet Syclucy. The BUS »icion here excited will doubtless be followed up inleBSit is sh'iwn to bo utterly |*roundle»B. Again, he Beat of the new member for Orange has been peti [onod against, though a Blight informality about tho jdeposit has occurred, which will no doubt be rectified. .Altogether, the Elections and Qualifications Com mittee are likely to have their hands fully occupied sometime. 