' Sixce trip -publication of the Trpa«nrer'i- 'now celpbrafprl* Financial Statement. . and (he JIangard rep'ria of the debate thereon 'in the Assembly, we may mn ' rlnHe that .the rai'war ;pnlicj of (tie G-'nvernrhent is now before the country. The lime . lias therefore arrived to properly consider 'the creat political qne»tion of .the dav ; a question whirb 'like the two local ?eoyernment schenjes are inaeparahly allied to the future History of the colony and the material happinesB of. the people therpselves. , ' In the consideration of ' the^rnilway policy blended wTth' the princip'e of borrowing money upon a lar«e scale, we reerct .that no immigration and . ? e-'neraT. land scheme i« now before u», ? Tt i» i-nposi-ible to arrive at anytruR . -stitnnt« of the probable fnccefm of the '„ goTernment policy without blending such mea«ure» ng the Pinancial Budget ; the Railwav Innd, Local Government. \- and. rmmiera'tipn. _ All these dovetail into' '. the g«n»ral q'uestion, and are n» useful ao Hp'jlcea in a wheel. It would be idle to repeat all, the blessings that itmm nnd the railway .fiyatem hap ?conferred upon the trade and 'civil;. i»atiin nf the world, whether in^urope or A'perica 'amongst (ho dhrisfty of population, or in new countries Sparsely : populated,, and where chief ccntren of ' trndo and induntry sigh between- like '' «tages. of maenifieent distahce«. Th- i application of it'? railway svslem in ; Great Britain and updn the European coiitinMit earo a Ktimulus l-- manu^ .-?. ' faclure, and dcvlopcd the resource* of enth nation to 'an ritent n. vcr dre.nnt ;. 'of. Tlie iiitroductinn of thp...' Iroii ! '. Iforee' into thnliaclc .woo-1h nf Cijnikla; iho -enilinn and wln-at lands of lh« United St»tw. and il-o |-r.vri»-» '. of Heviida nnii Nobranlm. havo. ailvunffed ,^- (ipttlempnfc In.' a glorioun extent. Not only lia« rnilway Wnut ruction npi- noJ' lip fresh fields nnn\\[KiHtiirvii new for the idle and huhiIum popii'a'ion of Inrgf ? 'iowri*,'hnt it ha* --j»«mmI n\i a safe »ml cnmmendflblfi Hold tor botli c»pil»l nnd labour. The rail w»yM.»ro rapidly wn-; nolidating the many rices, in Tndify breaking down the barriers of ctate and sa-niMiarbarisrn, aud lajing 0m. foundation of future wealth nri'J ;| ? pni»perily nrni)iig»t tin- Silihj Hindoo i ' nndMahoiriRlan, v Tho shrill whistle rif\ gpience i» Bonn lo'bii heard Bri)nn«»t .Ilifi. mnundH of 'Ninovnli .' iTiiil Mmihu; ittiil', will awaltfin (be num of. tlio past from a; lone dream of --b»ciirity inln renewed: life and uctivity. Tlio 'PuUiug Billy'! of Goorge Siep'ienson is about to penetrate the fc-rliln fprenity of equatorial. Africa; the lakes of Jfranzaj and trackless sivampa .wnrso timn Chit. M«», nnd op»n- up the isointed ' scenes familiar onW to such heroes Jof civilisation as Tjivin^ston, Cameron. Stanley. Bnker, Speke nnd Grant. When modern enterprise is thns reforming the. two hemispheres, paving the way fnr human settlement, commerce and industry, the question in Queensland . naturally arises — why should we stand idlv on in a dormant and unhappy state? If the wisdom 'f nifin. has colonised Canada, nnd America, absorbed the surplus millions of Ei»rf-pe by the aid of railways, why jshouUr not ibe Australian colonies not imitate such proved results' likewise ? If the haunts of T)aniel Boone, Ijayard, Rawlinson, and Livingston induced the energy anv experience of Europe to push the ' Iron Ilnrso' through un 1;mowii territories, why should not the energy, wisdom and intelligence of the colonies riot endeavour to follow up the tnv-ks of a Mitchell, Gregory, Stuirt, H'witt, ?Burke, .Tnrdine, Hodgkinsou or nPa'vanc? Tlie pastoral 'country and 'rich' agriculHiral lands which these intrepid pioneers and travellers crossed over may vet turn out as. 'rent as the plains' of' Aladian. as fertile as Tirginia or the' shores of Lake Superior, as fruit bearing as the Moselle or the. Arno, as verdant as the meadows of Kent, asrprorlnctive as the fields of ilidlolhian, ns valuable ns-the mines of Potosi, Ballaxat or Gymnie. Amongst the group of Australian colonies, Queens land indicates, that within her bosom : there ? exists all that greatness of internal resource that generates the i'wet.ltli of nations. Therefore, it is a truth ejicouraged by the past, fanned by [ the^fcfci-zesi of experience, watered : by | the brightest anticipations of the future, strengthened and invigorated by the ; mind of the people, that the railway Rystem if constructed and worked upon ffrtje and honest principles should not . |»Ty be n true and honest coloniser, but by. its. blessings fall upon the colony with newness of life, just as the. dew of heaven falls upon the grass in a balmy and refreshing shower. The question now assumes a series of pertinent inquiries how is the great scheme to be carried out ; by branch lines or main lines ; by. p.riyate enterprise, or. by the I country ; : slowly or rapidly ; by large | loans, small loans, or a land tax; for (the purpose of placing, squatters- or farmers upon the soil ; if they will p'ay when constructed,- and if the colony is in a solvent position to engage in such a- gigantic yet important public work? The Premier has one set of arguments and the Opposition have an array.of ciintra facts, figures, and doubts. TheXpommissioner for Hallway* states in his report, that £14,20S was expend ed on Southern, and £16,02-1 upon JforLhern and Central railway surveys op to the. end of ?December last, in cluding the proposed lines west of Emerald. Downs, from ,Eookhampton. to the Herbert, Clermnnt and Gladstone; Townsvilli; to Charters Towers; Bowen to- Bowen Downs ; Cooktowu to Byers town ; from^Ipswich to iloudt E k, PasKifern nnd Coochin ; the Eoma ex tension.; Oxley to. South Brisbane; [Maryborough to Gjrapie, and frouij I Bundaberg to Mount Perry. It has: since been determined- upon by the; ?Government to develop the resources of ihfi Darling D.iwns by meanB of cheap branch railways. The leading scheme !is to push the Southern and Western Railway to the waters of the Aramac, Thompson and Barcoo, and eventually to some scientific and geographical point An the shores of Carpentaria. Both the G-iverriment and the Opposi jtion recognise the desirability of duve jloping 'branch lines through settled and iagricultUral districts, where Mr. Mcll wraith says, they should.be laid down' with due regard for tho creation of the export trade, and also in aRsisting and iincreasing the general traffic upon the main lines. Is it right, just now, to construct railways through distant terri tory without population, or through settled agricultural and mining country with population ? 'We say both, but by setting apart two millions for branch lines and only one million for trunk lines.- Tho Government mn:in to do both by borrowing three millions of money in London. Government will spend | a million and a-half upon the Gulf line, ahd.the amount of £500,000 upon Wam-b. lines, at a cost of £3000 per mils, ftjiici. will increase the mileage of the colony by five hundred miles, ex clufiive of that already authorised. The three million loan may tap the rich count ry* beyond Romn, nnd in the cen ! tral district, an' fur as Barcaldine. Tho irunk lines will not enable the farmer to sell potatoes and inaiz« in Brisbane or ' Hockhampton, but' they may facili tate the transit of wool and iramigmnts in search of homesteads and other liboral soloctions. A' deal of talk has been c.xcrci«ed upon the fat lands, salt hunli and cotton wood country of tho .wiiHt requiring utilisation, but it is also fnie that there, are wida tracks of mignr, lotatoe; rnaizo, 'wheat, tra' and cofTno country now lying idle amongst tha coaitt country, a.s near to port and -iiarlt«t os can lin. Nobo for inxlanci!, and- H-iwnn, Miiryhorough, Gladxtone, .TownnvilMi, nnd beyond tho Lngin and around Ciinninghiiiii'8 G.ip. It is not cW-niinl that every mun should bu piiguged -in funning or pastoral permjiU alongsldo either brunch or 'trunk lines of railway. Supposing that ono half of a p'lpulntioii warn LiHeri-of tho soil, it would require! the nther half to miihii facturo tlin produces, and be. employed HO'nfllioiv or oth.«r' in eonnertinn with l.(ie fruits of thi- soil. Tho trades and j professions would isinplny a largo uum i b|-r in eyhry r.iilwiiy dixtrict. The old li'in-nliit piWKrti — th;it ' tliu fiirmer piyn fi^r all' in a fict, -iii.irimuch lliat all '.'w'ahU «prin3« from the soil. Can \vo pav. for nl) thuHf) lim-a? Thu ivply i» i//r», if .i-niiiitrueiwl upon thu hit by bit 'princ.ipli!, with tut) laud tlirowu opcu to' immigrants as they arrive^ and not to f capitsilists for the 'purpnstraj of creating vast sheep walks, {and plaoing in after years' a tenantry Hipon jthp soiljinstead df freeholders. If ever railways .in Queensland are. to become successful, repr»-»Iuctive and? of per*n inent Jbsnefit to the colony, the Tyson's, ' Bell's, Taylors, Thorn's, Morehead's, and 'Wtenliolts must not have so much land, but r.ither given to such menasHobperof Gattori, Welsh of Liidley, Crawford and H.irtmanu of;Toowoomba, Jarrott and Grimes of Brisbane, Vowels and the Rvan's of Ipswich,' Muir of Nerang, tlie Free's of Warwick. Biddle Brothers of Maryborough, ? and the successful planters ; of Mackay.'; :These are f- men and' colohists only that shall ke: railways pay, without any fear breliand of borrowing money upon nntionnl loans. In a fujure article we purpose going into the question in its other- aspects. ! ? j .-' ' I1' The Secretary of th'e A. P/ and M. Associa tion minotinccs in Ji'i other coin run. that All members will bo admitted free to the show groundsj and allowed tiTeriter two exhibits free. ? These inducements shjnnld increase the num ber of members considerably. ?- i . !? TiiF.half-ye.irly mcejtinj! of the Sharbholders of the Mount Orange Copper iliue Iwill bo held on the 10th of Ju|ly next : [ . ] To-sinilT the Caranflini operatic and ballad company will give the first of n stsriea of intisic.il entertainments. The Camndiui's arc well1 known 'for their1, high mnsical ! merits.' We have no donbt they will he well received aud lafgly patronised during their stay. i A SRliricE of song, -named ' Bunyan'a Holy \Var,' will ho given on the 4th of July next, by the choir of tlie Presbyterian Church. These musical entertainments have been very popular since they have been introduced into the cnloiiy, and ns tho choir nndor the loaders ship of Mr. A.Grant, have been rehearsing for several weeks past, we have no doubt that a mnsical treat of a new character will be efficiently rendered. S i ? ' | . . ' ' ' i A new weekly agricnltural : journal has just made its appearance ;in Toowoomba. The now venture contains sixteen! pages of letter? press, is well supported with] advertisements audits literary matter- is. full of interest -for the colonial farmer, grazier, planter and hofticultnralist. It should be of immense value to the settler npon the soil aronnd 'the city of the. plain,' and on; the Darling Downs,! where agriculture has made aud is now making, wonderful strides. THo colony has not yet produced it rcpreseutiitire &£p*icultunil journal, and as Mr. Unss is snrrrinnded by such a lead-; ing initnrt-y- tho Queensland Agriculturalist bidsfair to take the lead in its special path in journalism, and wo wish; tho spirited propritori every success in his new speculation. ' j ^NOTiraii 'tall affair 'has been set afloat: by^- the. present Government. The issue of! tendersMbr a fortnightly mail service between! Brisban^Taud Siugaporo for a period of ten] years has a unbusinesslike aspect about it.i especially, when ten years of colonial history, is equal to half a century of European pro- ! .gressinn. - Important events might turn up during this long period of tiui6,;aud to com mit tho'general interests of the colony to one stcamhnat company, savers tod much of rash ness and monopoly. . It Vould be hard to pre dict the advancement of Northern. Queens land before the year 1D89. Why/fthe tnil lenium might appear before that, or perhaps Separation or ^Federation, aiid the ' transmission of letters home by cablegram or by some other system now hidden in the inner depths of science and art. : Hut the policy of con tractiug with any company to monoplise a mail service forten years is fraught within any dangers and will tend to shut out competition in the way of ;c6mra'erce 'and the passeDger trade. Had tho Government called for tenders for a period of; live years, which is long'eiiongh without it renewal of tho mail contract, it would have been much '.better for both the political and business interests of Queensland. Table Ii accompanying the Financial State ment shows tho revenue and -expenditure of the colony for the years from 1859 to 1S7S-79. The greatest deficiency of; revenue waa in 18GG —£200.652. The following iyear the deficit was £82,397* and the next greatest deficit wa& £70.743, in 18C4. The Sgreatest; surplus of revenue over expenditure was the snm of £153,874, in 1873 ; in 1872 it was £137,333, and in 1876-77 it was £671714. i Tha smallest surplus Vas in 1861, anil.the smallest deficit in the year 1860. Eroin 186G to. 1870 there was a deficit every year. | Out ofjtwenty-ono years' parliamentary government since Separa tion, there were thirteen jdoficits of revenue, and eight-years had a surplus. The total amonnt of' revenue since i 1859 np to date is £15 296,095, and of expenditure for tho same period £14,45(5.485. The ; total . amount of deficits since 1859 iB £6081001, and of surplus :£447,612_ .vThe largest ak'-int of revenue of anyyear&asSinNlS77-78-4;£l,559,lU, and of expenditure was during ithe .same financial year, when it-was £1,543,820. ' . : .; ' ? In- the statement of loan balances upto tho 30th of April last, we find there is a credit balance of £5000 for; rivoij impravembnts and the sum of £K154 for pulilic officers at Mac kay. LThis makes £0.154 that will lie returned to tho Treasury on account: of the consolidated revenue from this district alone; and when we hear of the member for Mickay tabling a Bill for the iinprovomentj of the pert, wo hopo that ho will deduct the above £3000 already voted hy Parliament. ' i j A teleoram to the Courier from Melhnurne last Friday says :— Tho tfe'xt of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's despatch to thp Marquis of -^ormauby in reference to( the proposals ? tiub mitted hy the Victorian ojnbassy has arrivod. It wits forth tho objects of tho mission,: and recites the atatmenta of tlio case both for and against interposition hy th^e Imperial Parlia ment. He dbncludes by stating that no sufficient cause has been sliown for such inter position and/smendment nf the Cnnstithtion as wo asked by the embassy.; The inter vention would only be justifiable in an im portant omerjenoy, and, in enmplinnco [with the urgont 'desires of tho poopld of the colony after all other available efforts I on their part hul boon oxhauBtod. If justifidd, aueh inter ference ? wonlil be attended j vith much difBoulty: and risk, nnd wnuld }ho in itself a matter for grave regret. It wonld ho held to involve an admission that lt\m groat colony of Victoria was compelled tn ask tho Tm|iorial, Parliameiit tn rodumo a power whioh, desiring to promote her wulfato and bulioving in lior capacity for solf-govci-uinont, tho Imjiorial I'arliament had voluntarily nurrcndoro!d to her, and that heeiiune tho leaden of political parties htid failud to ngroo upon a coinprnmiso for- ouahling govdrnmont to bo carried: on. Sir Michael HURneuts tho ailviiiiliility of the Colonial Loffixlnlnro following tho example of thu Hoimo of Lords anil tho Hounu of Com mons in rcgaril to Supply bills, and nn endeavour on ull hands to maintain aiich a gormral uiidurataiidinK an would ho mint in haiinouy with thu spirit (if Constitutional Government Ho admits ithat it may bo nocuaaary to dofino the rulitions of tho two Clinmbern moro closely, oithor by adonting joint Btau.H.m oidnrn or by Ugislatlon. TjikS. JI/J JTeruld has received thofollow in){ tclogrnm from Rninhaji, dntud tho end nf. Uat month, whioh tliniwu uonai.l.ir.ilile light upon tlio toruia of uokuo with Afghan intnu. ''Hio following arol tlio Artiolra nf iho ri'mnty with Ynknob Khan :— Kirit, pimoo Slid friendship hotwoeh tlinlOoveriimunt anil tint Aniter. Hocond, tint Anniur to givo n piihlio anniwty giiraiiteuing 'ull his aiihjncU from piiiiialiinniit or inolenUtion nil Auoiiuit of their liiteienurHu with tho Ilritiah, Thirdly, tlin relations butwnnn tho Amour and Fmniffa' HtattB to bo conducted under Uritiali adviou, ?.'???? i -??;.??-.? ??- ' \ ' ? the Govenimeut supporting the Araeer against foreign ag!»ression. The British resident at Cabul to have the right to- depute British agents and special residents. Fourthly, the Ameer gurantees the personal safety, honour, nnd treatment of British agents within his jurisdiction. . The : details of commercial facilities are to be arranged in a, separate agreement, to be concluded in one year. Telegraphic communication is to be opened with Cabul, via Kuram. Restoration is to be made to the Ameer of all territories now in the possession of the British army, except the Kuram Valley. The Sibe and Pejheen Valleys are to be treated as assigned districts. The surplus revenue after payment of the cost of administration is to' be paid to thejAmeer. The British Government are to have cftmplete control over the Khyber arid Miehne Passes, and tho relations with independent tribes connected therewith. A subsidy of six lacs of ranees is granted to the Ameer annually, contingent on the observance of the whole treaty. A mixed commission ?. is to.setttle the ? Question of boundaries. ' '. ' - Or/R-readers will regret to learn, from onr TSuroMan Cablegrams published in this issue thoTsSS fate of the Prince Imp-.rial of France, the' -joly s°n °f Napoleon the Third and BonapSte heir to the throne of France. .Sine»We became thu gn«st nf England and tho'r^th of his father, ho became quite a fawurlte with the British people. His dfiermination to share the dangers of his military friends and of .the country that .protected him in the days of exile, merited the :respect and approbation of all true Britishers. If the telegraphic mes3age^is correct the. loss to the ex-Empress Eugene will ho unrepairable. No doubt : millions of friends will share her grief and console her in her terrible affliction; The future career of the Young Prince waspromosing a^ a soldier, as ho ' was possessed of a superior intellect and tho martial spirit of .his race.' French politics appear to . be too far settled into tho ways of republicanism for him to bavo regained the Im perial'purple,butiuthoeventofsuchapossibility the Prince Napoleon, uncle, of the ill fated Prince, is now heir to the House of Bonaparte. Zulu warfare in the bush is savage in the extreme.' In such warfare the brave young Prince fell, hardly knowing what it,- was to live. ' Those whom ' the God's love, die The schooner Pacific, which arrived in Sydney last week from the Solomon Islands 'reports ? that Mr. Charles Halgctt was murdered at Maron Islands by tho natives, whilst he was in charge of the station belong to Captain' Fergurson. If AVIOATINO^- Lieutenant Hazlewbod has been appointed to the surveying steamer LlewfHyn, in the room of Lieutenant Conner, invalioed. 'Lieutenant- Hazlewood has 'had mnch experience in coast surveys, under the Admiralty, in Victoria for several years past, and have no doubt he will ''be a valuable acquisition to Captain Bedwell, in the survey of the northern coast and islands of Queens land.* . ?' ..:..-. The continued ill- health of Sir James Cooiia has obliged him to send in his resig nation to His Excellency. The Executive Council have appoiuted Judge Lilley to fill the high position. It is rumoured that the Hon. ?lutcliffc. Priug . Q.C. and now Attorney General will receive the' vacant Pusiue Jndjje ship, and that in-. H: R. Buor, the member for Bowen, ; will beappointud Attorney-General. This is just as it should be. ' At the' Land Court Sitting, hold at Jlackay, before Mr. Acting-Commissioner \V. E. Ubodallj on the 12th instant, the following applications for Land were disposed of:— Donald McDonald, 5 acres, Pastoral, Bassctt, Homestead, accepted ; Andrew Florence, 3S0 acres, Pastoral, Greenmount, Conditional, accepted; John Bartlett, 304 acres, Pastoral, Greenmount,- Conditional, accepted- P, A. Grahn, 123 acres, Pastoral, Grceumount, Conditional, accepted j ! A. D.' Cartner, 1600 acres, Pastoral, Greenmount, Conditional, adjourned; Martha Pogs'on; 180 acres, Pastoral, Grcenmount, Conditional^ adjourned ; A. E. Martin, 300 acres, Pastoral, (ireeumount, Conditional, adjourned. . jA Con ditional 'Certificate was granted to Selection No. 5, Joseph . Holmes. .This closed the ; business of the Court ? ' j ? ? ' Holy Communion Service will be celebrated Un the Church of England on Sunday next. iTho offertories during the day will be devoted towards the building; fund of the New. Church. We understand that the Carandini iOperatic and Ballad Troupe, have ]. kindly [consented to take part in the Choral service.' i Twenty-six immigrants per the Scottish iLassie, arrived by the mail steamer - from iKookhampton la t Monday evening, and were located amongst several hotels in town. Six of them are female domestic servants, and employers should apply at once to the Immi gration Agent aud secure theirservlces 'at once. j\Ve trust the new arrivals will take heartily to what comes before them in-a now colony for a year, or so, aud do their best in becoming energetic aud respectable colonists. j ; All March rents, together with [10 per cent on all arrears upon selections under.the 1863 and 1876 Land Acts uot.paid by the end of this mortb, such selections will become absolutely forfeited. ? - ! ! The weather for tho last few days has been very wot, with high winds and a raw coldness in the air. The- -rainfall that fell was 1.37 inches. The canes are too far advanced to feel the severity of the weather this month. Active preparations are goiag an- for a general, start in crushing at the end of the month. Upon the North side and around BrnnBOombe the fields look, splendid, if not- superior iu growth to any season ever witnessed on both \ A copy of ths Estimates has sot yet come to hand. A ponderous budget of Parlia 'montary matter was opened yestorday morn ing in onr office, but instead of finding the Estimates it was the Blue -Book for: 1S78. We hope such.'unparliamcntary jokes will not bit ropoatod in these serious and grave days of retrenchment. , ' - . . ! ? Owing to tho pressure nf business last week we failed to obtain tho passonger Iiat from the South, whiuh included, Mr. aud Mrs. A vary, Miss. Seaward, aud several othors. ; Satukday: was quite a busy day with the auctioneers. Mr. Dutaillis sold Kubiii nt a fair figuro, and Lupus was bought in for £170 and Ace for £S5. Mr. Smith sold a lot of brood mares at from £9 to £21. Consignments of potatoes 'realised 10j. pur cvvt, onions,' ISa. porewt, aud maize 4s. Gd. per bushel. ' . Os Tuesday next the Carlton Ghoat Com bination tronpe will make their appoarance in thu Olympic Theatre, after. thu Carnndini musi cal entertainments aro over. Thin company despito the ghost wonders, has a atatT of eight porfonuorH who vary tlio culertainnient with negro songs nnd ballads, plantation dances &o.; During the week tho pianist nf tint tround will tuno puiuus at a moilerato rate. . . ; ? '-. 