ROHAN CATHOLIC PASTORAL.— No. IIL ' Roger Bede, by the Grace of God and tbo favour of tho Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, secular and regular, and the Faithful of the said Archdiocese. "Health and Benediction in the Lord. " Reverend nnd Dear Brethren and Dear Children in Jestis Christ, — "Those and only those who have upon them the burden of the Episcopal office can ade quately comprehend the responsibilities that press upon our conscience at the present hour, Placed as wo have been by t o command of the Sovereign Pout iff in charge oi this arch- diocese, wo beecsme responsible to God for the souls of our people. The thought of the great Accounting-day, when wo shu! have to answer for litem, as well as for oarse'vi-s, renders us almost deaf to the conten'i n i f tongues, whilst we are nbsorbed by the overwhelming anxiety of how we "may fulfil our duties, and bo faithful to our charge. Tho motives of fear or of despondency. 'which weigh with men who do not realise this thought produce little effect Dpon a bishop's imagination. His groat aim is to save as many souls us possible; to instil faith, hope, auil, above a!i, love, into many hearts ; and to protect, instruct, and warn, in season and oat of seusm. the Hack confided to his care. 'He is the bishop,' says the 38th Apostolic Canon, ' to whoso faith the paop'e are confided, the account ol whose souls will be exacted from him.' "To the bishop, especially, belongs tho supreme duty of preserving the faith in his poople. Ho doo3 not. presume. to. teach, them any other creed than that which is professed by the Roman Church ; and in his actions and instructions he conforms himself, ne much us possible, to the light that' ho receives from that Mother of all the Churches, whese faith has never failed. His voice, if be speaks aright, i3 not the exponent of the subjective view.o.f an individual, however gifted, but of ' the doctrines of that society which -is spread throughout the' world. When ho condemns, his condemnation is the auatherni of that teaching body which, from the day of Pente cost till now, has been as harmonious in its condemnation of error ns persistent in its enunciation of truth. To prea:!: himself would be to preach b!iy ; to teach his own private views would bo impertinence; and those who wonld listen to and pin their faith npon him might well be called priest-ridden and miserably enslaved. Tho very reverse of this is his glory a3 it is his vocation. To sink self, to grasp in all its fulness the Church's mind, and clearly, foarlessly, and calmly to expound it to tho people, is the object of his life. Thus, in giviug ear to hiin his people are listoning to tho Church of God, not to a mere man ; in following his voice with docility they aro docile, not because a fallible creature is instructing them, but becauso they believe that they are submitting their rcsson to tho obedience of faith, aud aro beiug guided by a power that cannot, in matters of dogma and morality, lead astray. Both tho bishop aud his poople are under tho same authority — if they submit to his teaching, ho equally submits to the same teaching, for both inu9t submit to truth, and truth undofiled and infalliblo is to be found, they hold with a vital tenacity, in tho living voice of the Catholic Church. " Thus it is that Catholics aro amused at the efforts of their opponents to dissever them from the rchbishop and bishops of the hierarchy. Catholics kuow, when tho bishops meet and issue a joint instruction, based upon the universal teaching of the Catholic Church, that that instruction comes to them with an authority which they cannot but respect. Could the world wodgo iu between the hierarchy and the people, the world wonld then prove itself stronger than the Church. The ' experiment has repeatedly been made, especially when the doctrines preached pro mised to entail tempoi'ary suffering and persecution; and the experiment has just as often failed. Tbo faith lies latent in the masses of our peoplo throughout the world, aod quick as electricity the voice of the bishop when he speaks in downright earnest, finds a response in evt-ry heart. Obedience and submission, on the one hand, imply authority and jurisdiction on the other. The wordsi 'Take heed to yourselves, aud to the whole ffock, wherein the Holy Ghost has placed you bishops to rule the Church of God,' (1) express tho Episiopal duty and authority. The words, ' Obey your prelates, and be subject to them ; for they watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do this with joy and not with grieving : for this is profitable for you,' (2) express the temper and duty of the people ; and thus the Church of God, being a Divine institution, the creation of tho Holy Ghost, and not the creation of politicians holds her own, consolidates her strength, expands her power from age to age ; being fashioned not merely for fair weather, but to outlive any storm which the world is capable of stirring up. "From time to time the bishops, who ' watch,' are in duty bound to lay down prin ciples and reoommendations which cross a strong, passing popular current. Though they merely address their own people, those outside are moved .by their words. The ancient effigies which did-»good Bervice forty or fifty years ago are reclothed, and set on their legs once more, and the same class of Christians employ themselves in demolishing t'-em who, in days gone by, had found relief in a similar occupation. Gradually arras tire and energies flag ; and, meanwhile, ' men of good will," having waited for the dnst to settle down, begin to consider the real question — which had been hidden iu a temporary cloud — namely, how can Catholics give their children a thoroughly sound Catholic oduca- tion, and still not be deprived, because they perform thai solemn duty, of equal assistance with others for secular results ? Thus the public micd finds its equilibrium, and gradn. ally regains its normal tone of calmness, fair ness, aud - good feeling. Finding that tho bishops, urged by the fear of God before their eyes, have too solemn a duty to perform to be silenced- by clamour, men begin to listen to thetn ; and, finally, to their surprise, make the discovery, as was done after the English ' Papal aggression,' that they wonld have oc cupied a somewhat more dignified place in history had they exeroised a little more self- restraint. "Catholics, however; have been trained to make the , largest- allowances for others They know what early associations and in grained prejudice can do ; and though a little 'more culture would be pleasauter, still they can bear.- with equanimity fierce and coarse vituperation if it be, as it often is, accompanied with sincerity. Some of the most earnest of our converts were at one time as violent against the Church as the most rabid an tagonists ; and many Protestant laymen have been induced to study Catholic theology, and evoutually to join the Church, on nccouut of their curiosity having been aroused by violent denunciations of her in the pulpit. " It is the duty of Catholics to exercise tho greatest charity towards their opponents. On such occasions as these the training given bv tho Catholic religion has an opportunity of manifesting itself. To argue calmly and without bitterness, to reeoivo reproach with good humour, to defend aud display tho truth with unconquerable charity, aud to attribute good motives and honest purposes wherever it is possible — these are' some of the conse quences following from the charity of the Guspel, from that new doctrine of love of which Christ was so inimitablo au example. It is vain to expect any power but Christianity to loach or enforce such charity as this. It springs from a divino fountain, and is only taught in its thoroughness in ibe Christian schools. The peace -which proceeds from torpor is found in tigers and panthers ; it is not Christian peace. Christian peace is that which maintains a man in perfect charity whilst in the midst of intellectual conflict ; and s i possesses him lliat iu all lie says nnd docs there is a sweetness which is unmis takable, however vigorously ho may wield tho sword of truth with its sharp point and glittering edge. " Dearly beloved, exercise yourselves eon-, liuually iu this Christian nnd masculine charity"'; do not dishonour the religion of confessors and martyrs ; manifest in your lives and .in your relations with your non- Catholic neighbours, tho spirit of the Calholio Church, in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gontleness towards those who differ from iter ; and if it bo your duty to say dis agreeable things, say them as sweetly and kindly as you can. " It is iu this spirit that we ever hope to act. We insist on Catholics giving their children a thorough Catholic education, because it is nur bounden duty to do so. We point out the dangers to Catholic of public schools, because we should ba prevaricating | against our solemn obligations, were we any j i longer to hold our'peaco. Here, possibly, we : may give paia to some ; but it is the pain ' ! infiitted by ibe good pbyeicau. whose one desire is to heal tho wound. Regarding tho effects of public schools ou Protestant children, it was not our place to speak ; indeed, had it boon our place to do so, it wonld have been superfluous, after the trenchant fashion in which Dr. Moorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, had already Bpoken. His language is many degrees stronger regarding Protestant children going to public schools in Victoria, than the Catholic Bishop's regarding Catholic children going to public schools in New South Wales. And both lie and they, as all must know, wore animated, in so speak- ing-, by an earnest desire to serve, the community nt large. To ropay such dis interested kindness by cries of 'libel' on Protestant children, soorns as disingenuous as it is unmanly. Men with a spark of honest feeling- would thank tho bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out 011 a matter of such vital nationul importance. "Having, in the joint Pastoral Lettor, given yon the reasons why secularist education is productive of national decay, we shall now proceed to show you by an example in the concrete, that the universal teaching of the cbureli is borne out by hard facts aud fin-ures. You will thou see clearer than ever that the Bishops were seekiDg your dearest interests in speaking as they did of Catholio children. " It seoras to be generally admitted at the present day that ignorance aud crime go hand in hand ; nnd that ono of the most effectual ways of making a people moral, and of advancing them in life, is to let thom have the benefit of the schoolmaster. Thero is no doubt that one of the greatest blessings which oould be bestowed on human beings is to inform them with useful knowledge ; and no greater misery well could be imagined than to neglect a nation's education. There is, however, one greater curse in the world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart from religious and moral training. To instruct the masses iu reading, writing, and arithmetic and to leave out religion and morality, is to arm thorn with instruments for committing crime An ignorant criminal is bad enough ; but he is harmless compared with an educated criminal. A great deal has been said iu the oolony about tho crime that proceeds from want of schools ; very little about the still greater amoant of crime which is produced by training the intellectual faculties whilst tho will and the animal passions are permitted to run wild. " We have seen how Great Britain has had the wisdom to encourage various Christian Churches to oduoate tho young in the faith of their fathers. Let as now turn to another great country which has made the experi. ment of public sohools. We refer to America. This stndy will be all the more interesting, because our public sohools in New South Wales are formed much after the same model ; one of the differences being that in the American system the schools arc absolutely secularist, whilst here an hour is granted for religious instruction. So far as Catholics are concerned our publio schools are secularist schools ; the archbishop and bishops of this province having too great a respect for their clergy, and too deep a reverence for the Catholio faith, to encourage aoy priest under their jurisdiction to swell the discord of opposing ministers teaching tho jarring doctrines of contradictory sects. "Comparative ignorance is a misfortune, and leads to orime; but instruotiou, without a thorough religious and moral education, is a calamity, ami tends directly lo produce criminals of the worst description. Take the six New England StateB, on the one hand, namely, Massachusetts, Maine, New Harnp. shire, Vermont, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, and on the other, tako the six States of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. Tho inhabitants of these States came from the same English race, held the same Protestant religion (except the little State of Maryland), used the same Protestant -Bible, spoke the same language, and bad, iu the maiu, tho same manners and customs. "Hore, then, we have twolvo States stand ing together in the race of progress and civilisation. They seem to agree in every thing except one thing, and that ono thiog is their bystem of education. Tho six New England States, over two hundred years ago, following the lead of Massachusetts introduced the systom of ' public schools.' ' In Now England,' says Kent, 'it has been a steady and governing principle from the very founda tion of the colonies, that it was the right aud duty of the Government to provide, by means of fair and just taxation, for tho instruction of nil the youth in tho elements of learning.' 'The common schools of Massachusetts, ' says Lippincott, ' ltavo tfeen kept up to this day j by direct tax and individual subscription, and, j nowhere in a population of equal extent has a I common elementary education been more I universally diffused. j Now, whilst the six New Eugland States ' were making an experiment of the public i school systom, tho six ether States refused j po sistently to do so. Whilst the first six were highly iustructod iu socular knowledge, uncording to the publio school system, the second six were loss favoured in this respect, rejecting as they did tho system of public school. " For clearness sake let us call tho six New Eugland States the public school states ; nrr.1 the other six the private school States. In tho year 1860, the United States decennial census was taken. The public school States and the private school states had been follow ing each its own systom of education for two hundred years. What light does the census throw upon the public school States, as com pared with tho private school States? It shows, first, that the public school States wore far iu advance in secular instruction of the private school States. The former numbered 2,665,91-5 native-born white inhabitants; of these only 85-13 adults could neither read nor write. Tho latter numbored 3,181,9C'J native- born whites, of whom 2C2,802 adults could neither read nor writo. So that while in tho public school States the prop -rtion of illiterate nativo whites was ono to every threo hundred and twelve, iu the private school States it was one to every twelve. Hero you will perceive at once the triumph of knowledge over ignor ance, aud the light that tbo public school system brings to the intelligence. It wonld naturally bo thought that the privato Echool States, were plunged in darkness and decay as compared with their more enlightened sisters, the public school States. " But turn to statistics of another kind. Ou the first of June, 1860, the public school States, with a nativo white population of '2,665,9-15, had 2159 criminals in prison ; while tho pri vate school States, with a native whito popula tion of 3,181,969, had only -1-71 criminals iu prison. Thus the public school states had one native-born whito criminal to every 108-1 native white inhabitants, whilst the private school States had one to every 6670, being six criminals in the pnblic school States to one in the private school States. TI10 publio school Statos had one suicide to every 13,285 of the eutire population ; tho privato school States 0110 -'to 'trveryj 56,58-1. Of those who diod of criminal lust tho public school States had one to oyory 85; 737, tho privato school States one to ov6ry 128, 729. According to the Census Marshal of 1S70 tho public school States produced one insane person to ovory 800 native-born inhabitants, whilst tho privato school States one to evory 16S2. " It is a remarkable fact that Massachu setts, which is the mother of tbo public school systom in tho States, offers a striking-oxamplo of tho truth of our thosis. Whilst that State was tho most successful of all in educatiag tho masses, it, at the very eatna time, produced by tar the largest proportion of criminals — ono to every 6-1-9 native whito inhabitants. Take all the Statos together and not odo amongst them approached Massachusetts as a breeJor of a criminal class. Since 1860 Cali fornia has surpassed Massachusetts iu this re spect, having in 1870 one criminal to every 512 native-born whites. "Reviewing this system of public schools, which have proved themselves seed-plots of so many sorrows and misfortunes and of so much crime, a loading American journal, the Alia, deolares that if we are to 'judge this system by its apparent fruits we shall have to pro nounce it not only a melancholy, but a most disastrous failure, and that it will be idle to look for the cause of the general rowdyism, idleness, and viciousness of the rising genera tion aDywbere bnt in the training it has been receiving.' The Boston correspondent of the San Francisco Morning Call writes (Nov. 15, 1877) to this effect : 'The rapid progress of knowledge peculiar to the .educational system of this State has led to the erection of two more State prisons, one of which, for women, was successfully opened a few days ago, tho number of wicked females who knocked for admission being forty-four. Present indica tions point towards the rapid filling up of this new institution in a few months.' The report of the California State prison and State prisoners for the two years ending Jane 30, 1877, states that ' in fact amoug the younger convicts they can all read and write,' " Dr Moorhouse knew what he was talking about when he said to the people of Victoria, that without a religious education 'religion will narrow down in a weak superstition, and morality into a mere calculation of conse quences. Your boys will sink into mere animals, admiring vice for its conrage or smartness. They will become not good, wise, self-denying men, butlarrikins, or sympathisers with ruffians like the Kellys. Choose, my friends, which will you have, — a religious or secular education ! Yon cannot have both. If you bring up your children without the moral and religious element in their charaoter, you cannot add it afterwards. It is a whole without that element, and you can no more afterwards change it than you can add some coloured thread that has been loft out in the weaving ofa fiue Indian fabric, without pulling the fabric to pieces. You may choose your courso, but cannot choose the consequences of that course. If you sow secularism you will reap irreverence and immorality ; if you sow folly, you will reap misery. " Dearly beloved, whether the great apostasy will have its way or no in this colony remains to be seen. One thing, any how, is certain ; that tho arohbishop-'and bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales will rosist it to tho last, and with all their might. Aud whether they succood or fail in their endeavour to avert a great national calamity, they will by coocious that, heedless of clamour, thoy spoke boldly out, and warned their people with the vigour if an unmistakable sincerity, against a system which is calculated to dechristiauiso society, and to rob a great nation of the highest elements of manhood. History will record, for the instruction of future generations, that the archbishop and bishops in this colony, following the guidance of the universal Church, wore true to their great trust ; and embodying, iu a formal document, the true principle of national pros perity, condemned with emphatic anathema, principles of national corruption. In those our days we arc creating the history of tho futut-o. On those who rulo now, or exerciso moral influence, depend tho future prosperity and greatness of tho nation. We mean to do our humble ptrt, acting on principlo, and acting with vigour. Oar people, if we can prevent, shall not bo carried off by the curront. It all tho more behoves Catholics to fortify themselves in Christianity, in proportion as the world is gradually rojecting it; aud whilst others are hurried away by the gulf- stream of infidelity, wo shall stand firm on the adamantine rock of the Catholic Faith. "At all hazards, then, dearest people, bring up your children thorough Catholics. Steep them during childhood, and youth if possible, deep in the Catholic faith. Make them conscious of tho burden thoy will have to bear ; and teach them to feel pride in the thought that they uro destined to do their part iu keeping alive that glorious religion which drew Europe out of barbarism and darkness into light, and which, if God so please, will yet help to render this Australia of ours one of the greatest nations of tho earth. " Dearly beloved : ' Remember your prolatcs who have spokon tho word of God to you ; whoso faith follow.' ' Be sober and watch : because your adversary tho devil, as a roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom he may devour ; whom resist yo strong in faith.' 'And may the Lord make yon abound in charity towards one auother, aud towards all men, as we do also towards you ; to confirm your hearts without blame, in holiness, before God aud our Father, at tho coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with ail his saints Amen. "Given at Sydney, and appointed to he read in all tho churches and chapels of tho archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, September 7, 1879. " f Roger Bede, "Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan ." "Nbwsfatbr Men" Threatening Legal Pro ceedings. — The Hanaro Mercury states— Our attention having beon drawn to the assertion in the Queanleyan Age, charging ns with " falsify ing telegrams," wo have instructed our solicitors, Messrs. Lipscomb and Blaxland, to take proceed ings at law against tho publisher of that paper. — We hear that Mr. Albert Gale, teacher at Cooma public school, and brother of Mr. John Gule, filed a plaint on Monday last, in the District Court, against G. W. Spring for assault and battery, but the Bumtno'ns has not been served ye:. Efforts are being made for tho erection of a public hall at Murrumburrah. Sovorol of tho residents have promisod to take up ono hundred £1 shares, and sites for the proposed bnilding have been offered. Why not originato a Me chanics' Institute, and make application to tho Government to provide one-half of tho cost? Tbo following will bo tho order of ontrios and shows for all kinds of live stock at tho Inter national Exhibition: — For sheep, Bwino, and Angora goats — Entries olose 13th, show opons 30th September. For horaos, bsbob, and moles — Entrios close 12th Deoembor, show opens 12th January. For stud cattle — Entrios closo 8th Novembor, show opens first week in Deoembor. For fat oattle and sheep — Entrios closo 10th Novembor, show opens ISth December. For poultry and other birds— Entries closo 14th Sop- tembor, and show opons 14th October. For dogs and 0 As— Same as poultry. For wool — Entries closo lBt Docombor, Bhow opons 20th December. All exhibits in tho above must ho on the ground at toast ono cloar day beforo tho show opons, A young gonlloraan lately from Sydney, a olork in ono of tho bonks at Grafton, mysteriously dis appeared last Friday morning. His bank accounts are corroct. Ho left a note for one of his follow clerks Btating that ho was pressod by privato debts, and intended to clear out. From inquires ho appears to havo been eccentric lately . Groat sympnthy is felt for his parents in Sydnoy. No traces of his whereabouts can bo discovered. At the Central Police Court, Sydney, last Fri day, o middle-aged woman named Martha Garn- ham, was charged with committing bigamy, by feloniously marrying ono John Simpson, her former husband, Thomas Garnham, being then alive. Tho man Simpson is identical with tho man sentenoed at the last sittings of the Criminal Court to fivo years on tho roads for bigamy. Newspapers recoived by the mail stato that Captain Lord Charles Scott has been appointed to the command of the Bacchante, in which tho two eons of the Prince of Wales take a cruise. She was on commission, and would have a com plement of 3S4 men. Tho princes would join in September, and the Bacchante will visit most of the colonial dopendenoieB of the erapiro, includ ing, probably, Australia. Holloway's Pill3. — The Female's Friend. — The wonderfal cares effoctod by these pills havo alone enabled them to withstand tho keenest opposition for years. They are valued at tho humblest hearths as well as in tho houses of comfort and wealth. Holloway's pills work a thorough purification of tho whole system with out disordering, woakening, or otherwiso inter fering with tho natural action of any organ. They are admitted to bo the best restorers of appetite, strength, and perfect health to tho most delicate constitution. They give colour aud freshness to tho face, and by their gentle alterative properties eradicate from the system tho germs of complaints which, by the retention of humours, consign tens of thousands of females annually to aa early grave, who might, by the use of these pills, be spared to their families and friends. The Falliuility of Physicianb is often evi denced by the errors they moke in diagnosing diseases, and this being the case, maltreatment is the inevitable sequence. Thero are certain ailments, however, that are anmistakeoblo in their symptoms, such as indigestion, dyspepsia, loss of appetito, flatulency, nervous debility, kidney affections, ond when these appear, instead of seeking medical connsol, if tho afflicted will only have recourse to Udulpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Sohnapps, much oxpense would bo spared, and much suffering alleviated. A Life-Sustaining Cordial.— If all the state ments publishod by nostrum-mongers were true, man_ would bo immortal, for it would bo im possible for the sick to die. Tho fact, however, is that tho best that can be dono for invalids is to assist noturo iu its conflicts with disease. It is only by reinforcing the systom whon weakened by sicknosB, and by fortifying it in advance against the cbubos of disease, that bodily ail ments can be ohecked and prevented. The time-honoured Helvetian tonic and restorative known as " Dew of the Alps " (Rosee doo Alpes), has fulfilled these objects in Switzerland for more than four hundred years. It is the natural remedy of tho Swiss for debility, indigestion, and all nervous disorders. "There is vitality in any drop of it," sayB an eminent physician. We congratulate Australia that this peerless pre paration is now procurable io our market, having been introduced by Messrs. M. Moss and Co. Impounded at Tumut, on the 13th August, from the town common, by tho herdsman: — Spotted heifer, ears marked— a notch each side, TW over A near rump; also, 011 tho 20th August, from same place :— Strawberry cow, JB over ft off rump. To be sold on 11th S9pteraber. 