NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events:-D'Arey's Read's "Ghost" entertainment at the Alfred-hall; inaugural meeting of South Ward branch of National Reform League, Societies- hall, South street, 8 p.m. concert and dra- matioentcctainuietit/'City Fite, Brigade-hallj'meeting of Town Cduricil;i.meetiDg bf trustees of Miners’ Rice-: i oiSaJb.': £raric|sco, and; iLondon will be .made, up.atihe Ballarat Post-office on/ rytih June;, for despatch: to Sydney. The ‘‘time'appointed- for closing ’for-letters/packets,- and newspapers ,ia , 5 a.ihV. r Getters,’ &c.;, .ma.the Baited . .Kingdom, forthe .Continent, of will ndtbe {orwardVd unleas: fully prepaid,: and speßially endorsed We haVh received; ilia California, a statement of the .pbnstitutipnaLdifiScuUy in Victoria,"for the" informs tibniof 'Epgliah readers, [by-Mr.-’ Ri W.'/Haddon. We' ~hove also, .received their correspondence in the Times, -together ...with reprints of articles in"’that paper on vthe Victorian, difficulty,; ■ Mr Haddon hae made a very 'dear and correct statement'Of. the case, and.one which m'ust.havs had a Considerable, effect ■ in' the - ultimate view' taken of; it. In. the [correspondence in the Times Mr Haddon conclusively convicts -Professor PeMßotfhf the eStracts .which he gives of the Council’s// proceedings, a Weakness of: the Professor’s which can'scaroely be regarded as an amiable or credit able one..._Mr Haddon appears to' have done good service,^as'-.he pas succeeded in - putting ’ the facts befofo the British public as antidotes to Ur Pearson’s fictions. ... . /./■, : , V;;/..' - ". -' “ ; A rdß4.br has/been floating about for the last day or two, thatthe parties' interested are likely to ..challenge .th'e 1 . Statement, made by the /chairman;; bf ’ the Water Commission at the last meeting bt that body) to the thati no overtures as to the. settlement of the claim made by the GongQtmg-contractors had .been, .made to.himself, or the commission as a 'body before it was served with the Supreme Court writ. : ... We are glad to learn.that the Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., who has been very unwell for some time, is now in a much improved state of health. / The, horn , gentlsßbah’is suffering from’an affection of the and/the rumor .which recently -gained "currshoy that ■ hehad',been attacked by dropsy is untrue. ,-i - • ; Craßeverinj Bateman, and Ellsworth are tho retir ing members oJE, the, Sebastopol Council this year, and already .the .followingfresh candidates are named as ■ likely b) Contest :the election in August:—Messrs F. ‘ingle, y/D; Wilson;/ Heihi,y 0; Featherstone, and M, Shiels, '■_■■■ //: //,. Two of, Mr A. T, . Turner’s musical compositions baye’beeh performed in Melbourne this week with great supbesal. .-Last, Sunday’’at,St. Francis’ Church hia fine mass in D was sung:under his owh'.direction, and was very greatly admired by all who Heard it. On Thursday afternoon Mr David Gee, the city organist, played Mr Turners“ Victorian .'Festival,-.March’’. (re-written), whichwas well received.; "'-'As a maker of'first-class ploughs- Mn'J.'-Tynan, of this place, .'still. holds :his own; and we see by the 'reports of tha ■Viotoriaa:Agricultural Society’s Plough ,lhg:M&tqb;,’;hald on ! the Plenty’road,’ near Melbourne, ;on Wedneadiw} that David Martls,.won the champion ■priae'with'aTynan plough.• r The Comßuiasibher of .Railways-did . not,' as some people expected be would, .stop im Ballarat on his way back from Sta'well on Thursday morning for’ the pur pose'of,debiding bh r thß' ; ‘futufe : site bf the engine- -to' MMhbutne by the first train. :The-late savage : assault base,-;.whioh has created some stir amongst the- lower orders of society In ,Ballarat East, t ,will be,. found .’fully reported in our .police column..,/The evidence, as given at the Town ■Court on Thursday, went to show that the accused— , the/Qreek, Brpyu—in March last Contracted a marriage with’one of the “'ttnfottUnate. ,t ; blassj and that the -■.effects of . drink and bad’ COBapany on thaV part of the ■ wife., .brought about dissension,, quarrels, and ulti mately what .proved'to. be a most brutal assault.. 'Brown'was committed to take his trial at the General -Sessions,'whichwill open on- 6th August. Three councillors opposed'the signing of the lease' .of the, Mbunit Helen waterworks on- behalf bf the’ Sebastopol Council 'bh Thursday night, contending • that.the ratepayers shbdld’be consultedin-th'e matter,' .but',.they•Ware, pVarrUled, aiid'ia motion was carried authorising the mayor and town clerk to sign the lease 'at the. warden's office-in Ballarat. , irA..laborer living at Blakeville, named.- Stephen Cahill, was admitted to the Hospital on Thursday , in. an unconscious state, a wheel of a.dray having passed, over bis head and indicted a -severe scalp Woiihd. How the man escaped being killed, or how the acci dent occurred'at all, we hava been unable to ascertain. That fell disease/ diphtheria, has -not'disappeared from Glenfine with' its last.Victim;-as.a daughter of- Mr Eowe’a overseer is,/now. prostrated With it, and i theicase is described as a. very Bad . 0ne.,,. The land eiperiencea of Mr Caleb Gardner, a would-be Selector at Mount 7 Macedon, and who has been located at Smylheadale for' a number - bf years, are graphically but dolefully thus narrated by hirtiaelf. He pegged but 109 acres, lodged .bis application with£l deposit, and was cited to appear- on Tuesday last before’the hoard’in Melbourne; when the following colloquy took place I—What is ,your name ? /Caleb Gardner. - What i;are .you t A sluicer. Are you married, or -single ? ■■ Married. What family have you "got! ..Eight"'■ children. 1 '-Are' you going to reside; on .tfie ’. land t ..Most, decidedly. What are . you going to do With : it! Farm it, of course. Have you got any money ? That is my business. . This land that you applied for has been divided ..into three allotments; will you take one! [Certainly riot;-1 want a farm, and not-a/ cabbage .'garden;:, That will do; you can go. - - Application re fused. ; I want, my £1 depotit. ; Muggins, here; show that man the .door. And Mr Gardner . was: escorted outside, and at present entertains a very exalted opinion of; Mr Louemore’s land regulations. His expenses in connection with the allotment be seta. .down at'£lo. One person, who had 7 travelled 140 miles, waa refused on' no other grounds than that he ;was single, v ; On Wednesday evening a Chinese at Haddon attempted- aelEjdestruction by means’of a large dose of opium, but the remedies usual in such cases having /been applied by Dr -Jordonj-hopes are entertained of his recovery. / His countrymen are very reticent as to the cause which led. to the. rash act, but it is con jectured'that losses at gambling had something to do with the matter. A miner named Barham Attwood, living in Eureka ‘.street, bruised his leg severely on Wednesday evening while getting into a cage in the Victoria United, Com 'pany’s shaft; and was admitted into the Hospital best day, ' Several applications .have been made to the Sebas topol Council lately -for permission to mine under 'streets‘and’reserves in the borough, but tho council, has discovered itself to be powerless in the matter, the borough being included in a Governmental reserve. A special meeting of the City Council Was held on Thursday afternoon at 8 o’clock, for the purpose of striking a. rate. .There were present—The Mayor, and Crs Lewis, Claxton,' Gray, MoVtison, and Wilson. Or Morrison • moved—" That this council does hereby make'and levy a general rate of one l shilling and six pence in the pound on the net annual value of all the ■ratealfie property in- the City 7 of'Ballarat for the period commencing on the 12th day of June, 1579, and ending on the Hth day of June, 18S0, and that the said. rate, he collected; in two portions of nine pence each, the firat.portion to be due and payable on the Slat day of June, 1879, and the. second portion on the 31st day of December, 1879.”.. Seconded by Cr Clasfon and carried.- *On the motion of Cr Lewis, Messrs Marshall, R. Wynne, and M; R: Nicholson were appointed to collect the said rate, and the council then adjourned. . Those interested:may care to know that the ball to be given by the people' of Sandhurst , to the special guests included among next Tuesday’s excursionists will not UecSBSarUyJi>eVdress affair. A special .meeting of the,.City and Ballarat East Boards of Advice'waa held on Wednesday night, when ,it was,decided to send a memorial to the Postmaster- General, asking him to retain in Ballarat the services of.Mr. John a member of both boards, who is under instructions to’go to Melbourne. This document was''seflt aWay'oh -Thursday morning with the signature /of [ the Minister of Education attached tout, i. ,-I .. ..A special meeting of the United Protestant Associa tibn,waa [held at [the /Mechanics’lnstitute on Thurs day night, the .treasurer in the chair. The business Was to conaider. the resignation of the president, Mr iJ; -Whitehaad, who is under instructions from.the Government.to leave Ballarat, but.the resignation was not accepted for the'present pending an enquiry as to whether Mr. Whitehead’s ' removal waa definitely decided upon or not, and in the event of it being definite it was decided to call a public meeting to urge in Ballarat. A vote of .condolence was passed to the, D' W. Blkmey,. who. accidentally broke hia leg .the other day," and the meeting adjourned. :n v rJUL -. .0 A correapohdent send ua the folldning :—"lt may interest Bome'of your readers to be informed that our population ha?- increased this week by the arrival from the old country pf several members of Mr D. M. Daviea’ (member for Grenville) family, one of whooip lam informed, - Mr Davies’ brother, has already been provided for n ft. been conferred on him WolaBnl ‘PnointT^ that s ia it! Who rtU KHi I support a paternal a Has S• I Berry Ministry comm ‘ r ? ment ! ' But what will the Mont™ SUch 8 >£ I mistake not, t?S? ! « when the majesty 0 f th art ? with ftTM asainstcorruptionLdiK^^ lian r Mu the ' "visiftb Ballarat **» objects and benefits to be^ 088 ot Cb?-’ -1 ■ ciple of insurance & ? n T 7ed by l» success that has already S?..* ‘kt & large, centres of poputol - bh effo*?% |:SgS:£Sas.s?^ : : ll « ," '«■»>. i> “%'S The skating season at the 4. j open nest week, workmen Acadl ®y of ir„ ■ putting the flo'or W^S r n V4 life ;participate in this eniovabln'f A j 5 the Winter season elnttV 1 ese^fe iryiw/. Mrs Mary HannonT/'! Shi street, had not been observed bn?^V ot Pitzgibbon of friend of hers, on her house to enquire after her healf ? 1 ' answer to her, knock, t h o saw Mrs Hannon lying anon the *o .dressed. The police g w ?r e "l with, and Sergeant Bailey having effiw T 6 ® discovered that she was dead wd hlrf W “S some twenty-fours hours previoMyf Sppsn »TO • The deputy-master of the -Mini.. and after Monday next new sihJ W '.° u " i ttila plied-in exchange for worn , n ®? Zealand telegram, in Thima , dated Wellington, Wednesday, laranaki are more THn n* Sr : : The Geelong idrcrtisersays:—» i is on toot to promote a social catbprinTr'r s .resident in this district for twenty It ia probable that it will take the S. i ' l !* i at Mack’s hotel, when the Wean'Jit 4 ** 1 doubt, some good stories to tell of Bailhere’ writes wq)l about, but nhSi “ piquant when told by those who played it, ®? the stirring events of those days" * ™ fu,J It has been stated (says the ijsj DrVr was about to bo siiperanndated. It Uto ut M’Crea has passed the age at which m feu pnbho Bervipe may retire on a pernios, hS, been-authorised to continue in office until tWi the present month, and there ia no reasonWl! suppose that ho will then resign. The OoiiS have not as yet made any arrangement forking, ment, and it ia competent for Dr M’CreitopnS office without any further formalauthorieationßb A man named James Paterson (says ths JrrJ narrowly escaped a fatal accident oh Ike St road, early on Wednesday morning. It Paterson was driving a night-cart to Melboam* fi. 'he suddenly slipped and fell in front of the »h 2 He immediately called to the horse, which ktcii stopped just as the wheel of the vehicle tntWb head. The man did not (juite escape ini muh sustained a fracture of the lowsr jaw, baida an bruises. He was conveyed to the Alfred Hsplih treatment. We (Argus) learn from our special coitapoEiaj London, who wrote under date 24th April, lhT£ Berry was decidedly unwell at the lima thsSuFs cisco mail closed. His principal complaint vrns posed to.be rheumatism in the left arm, wtichas him considerable pain, but the symptoms secrsl s ha really those of rheumatic gout. The iaa seems to have increased in severity after Mr Eaqi departure, and to have subsequently the telegram which We teceived from Oalleaa arrival there of the mail steamer elated tht It Berry “is now much better, and has recovered a use of both hands.” On the voyage to King Gap! Sound the improvement seems to have confeAh Mr Herry on Wednesday telegraphed too lij that his health was much belter. The Bendigo Independent is inapealimbo that the manager of the Sandhorst branch cf a Australian and European Bank has been ms!res ini in securing signatures to the agreement pi ing for the repayment of fixed deposit]aiders accounts, allowing theditectors the time gmtedh the meeting of depositors and creditors In!Xcb in Melbourne. Mr Were baa not met with acp refusal. The four largest depositors in the ki, l also the four largest owners of current we are informed, given their promise nniatwfii continue customers of the bank. - The Speaker on Thursday issued hiswiilfai election of a member to serve in theAaenhjir the electorate of Fitzroy. The nomination dry k been fixed for the 19th instant, polling !ii,c return of writ 30th June. The Bendigo Advertiser relates that a direct* f the Australian and European Bank, who blimp faith in the genuineness and stability of itsfSp recommended some of his friends to invest n \- shortly before the late stoppage That® had invested all their little savings >n “• “®! the bank at current rates, and the sudden dutm the institution and depreciation of the ihais lB sad blow, which promised utter rain to \m director, feeling that he had been the cause of the catastrophe to these poor pe«p4_ that they should not suffer through tan, ana® large-hearted generosity seldom seen warded each of the sufferers a chq'ie forda - 1 at 50s per share. The joy and gratila*' cipients of this generous treatment “ s as it raised them from the depths o ' of mind again. Such acts desava o letters of gold, and we regret hat * 8 “ to withold the name of the gentleman to . The Herald says The late “iL’ii Trinculo bears testimony lathe ..whiiiS noble daring of theseaman, Thomas we called attention on Weduesdej^ of the Herald. Sir,-Allowme■ tolW for the notice you have takenofthja », Ir vj ‘ Thomas Lefebvre at the wreck _of the toq 4 This man volunteered to nilW,*! vessel was into the breakers, soen-^ himself in readiness for that purp®- vessel struck, he jumped orer the ntern. was a sheet of boiling *“ am ' J n ha o nJ> . getting ashore after a hard strugg • # guage, ‘The heavy breakers You will understand my ffP'ngs a { ctri I say that through his braveryttoj and child were saved. I may aM “ [[sJitlsi I ducted themselves 1D a c S qJ their courage at a very uis.^', you will insert this in inst ce to Liu, yours &c.;, the barque Tnnculo. Sare f be allowed to pass unacknowledg The throwing open aiSg not cause a furore m tha o ur » districts, for after enquiry («“ nthe I find that only one applied for a selection, althoug open since the 30th ult. B | e cl.J “ The Selector’s Handbook 1 useful little book just The book contains the nJ u nii«l» t & with useful notes, the regu ,j Art Leasing Act. will, no doubt, be of great persons who desire to ec In consequence H of tickets for the °W “ 8 (t 0 jtate hurst, the E ecrctarydei^ mffl . tteeoEt first issue are sold. T “ c 0 { tiier night, and decided to send at (ct .tick prav.,l .m»l* youngsters present. , aiot arrangements will . permissj oll , people, and by the k J atteB and as P the band of the £* v tions of muflic. 