For Ever and Aye. A SYDNEY ROMANCE. BY ALICE HEATHFIELD. CHAPTER IX.—THE BREECH WIDENS. Though Nella Carlisle felt little inclined for company that evening, she would not absent her- self from the drawing-room, for fear of attract- ing attention, as she was a rather prominent mem- ber of the Selton Hall party; for her uncle would not allow the evening to pass over without his favourite niece's contributing several songs towards the amusement—music being the princi- pal feature of the entertainment—and the boys, Harry and Jack, could not get up a charade without their cousin's assistance; and another thing which was the chief inducement for her presence this evening, Arthur Darrell relied on seeing her in the garden. Nella knew if she did not go down it would look as if she wished to avoid the inter- view, and, although she could not give a different answer to the one she had given in the afternoon, she meant to tell Arthur she did not feel towards him as she should towards the destined to be her husband; and it would be best for him to leave Sydney and endeavour to conquer the love he felt so passionately for her. She caught a glimpse of her face as she passed the large mirror in her room, and was struck by its pallor. 'I can't possibly go down like this. They will think I am a ghost, and imagine all sorts of reasons for such an unusual occurrence,' she thought, and rubbed her white cheeks with her cold hands till the blood circulated a little more freely; and then catching sight of a vase of roses which she had not before noticed, on her dressing table, she selected three large crimson buds and caught them at her neck. Then, thinking she looked more presentable with the flowers, which seemed to reflect themselves faintly on her pale face, she descended the stairs and entered the drawing- room. There were only Bertie Somers and Ray Leslie in it; and though she would rather have retreated, she could not, as Bertie called to her, and of course she had to join them. A burning blush overspread her whole face and neck as she remarked the companion of her friend, but it died away as rapidly as it had come, and she managed to shake hands and wish 'Good even- ing' in her usual manner; though she scarcely vouchsafed him a look, which only gave confirma- tion to the thought that was daily growing stronger in his mind that he was nought to her, and that her new friend, Arthur Darrell, was filling the place which was once his 'in days now long ago.' Leslie's was a deep, reserved nature, which kept its feelings well concealed, and no one ever guessed the fierce undying love which was con- suming his heart for the girl who had always been enthroned there and would reign as queen while life lasted. Nella plainly noticed the unconcerned way in which he glanced at her, though his fingers thrilled as they touched hers. Each trifling act was mutually misinterpreted, which would have been clearly apparent to both if they judged the other by his or her way of acting; but as it was, they seemed to drift further apart as day succeeded day, and their enforced coldness was becoming gigantic in its proportions and would soon divide them, as though they lived in different parts of the earth instead of in a city where they met almost every evening and had every chance to renew the friendly intimacy which had existed between them in former days. It would be difficult to determine which loved the other the most. It the occasion demanded it, they would give their lives for each other, but both were so enveloped in the dull mantle of reserve that neither would concede to make the first advance towards a warmer friendship, thinking the other would assign a wrong motive for such a step. Would it ever right itself? Time alone can an- swer that bitter cry which often found its way from Nella Carlisle's heart in the depth of night in her own room when she lay there on her restless couch, her face buried in the pillows, which were the recipients of torrents of salt tears, falling from the weary, aching eyes, whose expression had so touched Fred Hastings, as he had told his be- trothed, for his true, manly heart in its glorious anticipations of happiness, which his approaching marriage with sweet Cecile Bedford promised, had deemed that Nella Carlisle's life was not as free from care as most observers thought. Mais revenons a nos moutons. 'Well, I am glad you have come down,' said Birdie. 'All the gentlemen are smoking outside, and the girls are inhaling the perfume from their choice Havannah—being about the only choice they have left them. Mr. Leslie and I have talked ourselves out on our topic of music, so now Nella, my dear, start something fresh, or else sing us one of your sad songs. I like them best.' 'I know you do, Birdie. That is one of the many bonds of sympathy between us,' says Nella affectionately, twining her arm in her friend's. 'Have you read Shelly's "Ode to a Skylark?' In it he says, Our sweetest songs are those which tell of saddest thoughts. 'So you and I agree with him dearie, don't we?' 'Of course we do. I was reading that poem only the other day, and I think it was that verse which took my fancy most, but I have such a bad memory that I can never remember any scraps I want to. Are you better than I am Nella?' 'No, they are few and far between, the extracts I manage to retain in my memory. I am sorry to say, Birdie; but I think I can satisfy you on this occasion. Is this the one you mean? We look before and after, And pine for what is not; Our sincerest laughter With some pain is fraught. 'Thanks, dear, that is the one. Is it not a true sentiment, and exquisitely expressed? Are you fond of reading poetry, Mr. Leslie?' Bertie asks, turning to Ryamond. 'No, I can't say I am,' is that gentleman's reply, delivered in his general quiet, thoughtful fashion, 'I regard it as an utter waste, for a man to devote much of his time to poetry.' 'Well, I don't then. What matter whether good sound sense is found in rhyme or prose? Glean it from whatever you can; there is not too much floating about in the world. But come, Nella, and sing before Mr. Leslie and I commence a quarrel,' says Birdie, laughing amusedly at the bare idea of such a thing. Nella is in no humour for talking, so she seats herself at the piano and begins in a sweet mourn- ful voice, the perfect gem which Birdie has placed before her, 'Remember or Forget.' She goes bravely through with it, but almost fails in the last verse, her eyes and throat are filled with tears, and her voice trembles and becomes almost in- audible when she sings, with a truth and inten- sity of feeling direct from her very soul, Would God we ne'er had met, For bitter as remembrance is, 'Twere wiser to forget. Her two hearers are strangely moved by it. Bertie's eyes fill with tears, and Raymond rises form his seat, and walks to the other end of the room, where he stands inside the lace curtains which conceal him from view. The refrain is concluded with a low wail which cannot be repressed, and Nella's face is bowed in her hands, her fingers pressing on her eyes to stay the tears ready to flow. Bertie hears footsteps coming up the garden path, so she throws her arms round Nella, and raises the face, dry-eyed in its intense misery, kissing it many times, whispering, 'Be brave, dear old girl; all will come right yet. Get up from here, dearie, and compose your- self. There is someone coming to this room, so I will run out and detain whoever it is for a few moments,' and as she spoke she left the room by the open French window. Nella walked over to the Canterbury|to arrange her portfolio, and Raymond comes over to her. His face betrays none of the deep feeling he has struggled with, and his voice expresses nothing but mere politeness, as he says, 'Will you allow me to help you?' The girl's whole nature rebels at such in- difference. 'I can do it myself,' she says curtly, without raising her eyes. 'What is the matter with you to-night, Miss Carlisle?' But he receives no answer from Nella, who is busily engaged tying the blue ribbons of her portfolio into innumerable knots. 'Leslie wonders what can have happened to up- set such a self-reliant nature as Nella's; but he cannot trust himself to speak to her for long; better for him to bear his burden by himself he thinks; he can do without sympathy, and he doubts if Miss Carlisle could spare him even that, he is so confident she dislikes him by the studied way in which she avoids him, and by the conscious reluctance she displays in answering his remarks. He can see now she is suffering, her mind is ill at ease, and he wishes in his heart of hears that he had the right to take her in his arms and give her comfort. But it is a vain dream! he bends down his head, and has a better view of the face, which has suffering so plainly written on it. He lays his hand on hers, which trembles visibly, and en- deavors to remove itself, but somehow a feeling of hope suddenly enters into his heart, and men- tally prophesying success to himself by the gift or refusal of one of the flowers at her neck, he asks for it; but his voice assumes such a master- ful tone, that Nella thinks he is ridiculing her, and she cries, 'Give you one of my roses! No, Raymond Leslie, I should prefer to trample them under my feet.' Straight as an arrow, he plants him- self before her, and looks into the eyes which are regarding him so disdainfully. 'You are in a strange mood,' he answers her, 'and I am quite sure the next time I ask you for a rose you will be eager enough to give it.' 'Be not too certain,' she says, laughing scorn- fully, with her face flaming, and her eyes flashing, her form quivering excitedly; for Nella feels maddened that he should think she was patiently waiting for him to assume his former footing with her, to trifle with her when he had tired of all the other girls, May, Bertie, and Bel, or any of the others with whose society he is apparently satisfied enough. So her jealous anger, born of despised love —the motive power of her life—blinds her to the pained, unmistakable expression of the face, dearer to her in its plain manly nobility, than other counten- ances glowing with the beauty of an Adonis. As her scornful laugh rings on his ear, Ray turns as if stung, gives a look at the face half-averted from him, and walks hastily out of this room, down into the garden; where he paces to and fro, unnoticed by any, for nearly an hour, cursing the day he had again met Nella Carlisle, and the fate which made her so dear to him, in spite of all her coldness; while she, left in her miserable pride, pressed her clasped hands to her bosom, forgetting her port- folio as she did so, which fell to the floor with a crash, scattering the music in all directions, to be stared at, by the laughing group, who entered shortly after; and she rushed up into her own room, to give vent to the sobs she had endeavoured to stifle, for so long. CHAPTER X. WAITING IN THE GARDEN. And all this time Arthur Darrell was in the rose garden, awaiting Nella. He could not believe his rejection to be a fact; he had so seriously counted on her saying 'yes.' He knew she was not a coquette; that she had not flirted with him; but she had found her way to his heart, which was impressed with her sweet image, not to be erased to all eternity. His quiet, contemplative nature was a very deep one; his life had not been frittered away in dissipation and senseless amusements,—his intellect had been cultivated by choice instructive reading, which made his society welcome to men entirely devoted to intellectual pursuit, to whom he had been able to give some reliable information of value, on many subjects, having travelled over almost the whole world during the last two years, and discovered many learned scraps in old corners, where few travellers would have thought or prying into. He could converse on any topic, and this fair, calm, clever unpretentious man, was welcomed in all circles. He was instinctively liked, and trusted, for scarcely any doubted the existence of good in the heart of Arthur Darrell. There certainly were an ignorant few, who mistook his quiet selfpossession for conceit, and conscious- ness of superiority;— it is needless to say that such an impression was erroneous. He did not frequent ladies' society much, though he by no means shunned it; — but when he first saw Nella Carlisle at Selton Hall, less than a month ago, he believed he had met his fate. There was such a charm, a genuineness about her, which attracted him; and love had grown into his heart, with an intensity and force not to be mistaken. If she promised to become his wife, he knew his future would be a happy one, and he would be all in all to the girl he would take his Eng- lish home from Australia's shores; away from the relations and friends of her life, but if Nella would place her hand in his, and say "Arthur, I will be your wife," he knew she would give up all her old associations, and follow him through the world without the slightest reluctance;— if it was to be otherwise— but he would not think of such a result; and wondering what was detaining her, he looked at his watch to ascertain the time by the light of the moon. It was nine o'clock, and he had been here more than an hour, "looking into the future as far as the human eyes can see," and picturing Nella as his wife, a star who would make his Heaven on earth. He listens eagerly, and intently for advancing footsteps, but is doomed to disap- pointment, and often mistakes the numerous fall- ing leaves, which thickly strew the gravelled path leading to the rose garden, for the steps of his be- loved. He can bear it no longer, when, after ten minutes further listening, she does not put it an appearance, so he sets out to reconnoitre the house. He can distinguish Birdie on the verandah, leaning over the iron fretwork, and he walked cautiously over to her. The night is dark, so she cannot see who is coming. 'Is that you, Mr. Leslie?' she asked. 'No, 'tis I—Arthur Darrell. Are you by your- self, Miss Bertie?' 'Yes, Mr. Darrell, "all my lovely companions are faded and gone," while I, like the last rose of summer am left blooming alone.' 'Well, I won't tell you to join them, because I want you. Where is Nella?' 'Is she not with you?' asks Bertie in a startled voice. Missing her friend en retiring to the draw- ing room, had given her no uneasiness, as she thought she had gone to keep her appointment with Arthur Darrell. Bertie knew she was not with Leslie, because Harry Bedford had just come from the garden, saying Raymond was in an aw- fully unsocial mood, would scarcely give him an answer, so he had left him by himself, to air his temper freely, without such an unappreciative audience as he was. Something had occurred be- tween Nella and Ray, and no doubt the poor girl was up in her room crying her eyes out. Why had she not troubled herself to look? 'I must go and search for her,' she says, 'I daresay she is up- stairs.' 'Wait a moment, and take a message from me,' he answers, as she moves away, hurrying to the steps upon which the light from the open window is reflected, and he there writes a few words on a tiny scrap of paper torn from his note-book. 'I will wait for you here,' he says, as he gives it to her. 'No, no, go to the rosery, I will take her to you,' Bertie says hastily, for she dreads Raymond re- turning to the house, just as Nella walks away with Arthur; and as his temper is roused, she is sure there will be hot words, and wishes to avert anything unpleasant; so she watches Darrell go off in the direction she has mentioned, and then entering the house, flies up the stairs to Nella's room; but she cannot gain admittance, it is locked. It is opened immediately her voice is recognised, and Nella's head is soon reposing on the bosom where so much sympathy dwells for her. The beautiful eyes are not swollen with crying; but there is a dreary, wistful, hopeless look in their depths, which strikes pain to Bertie's heart. In very great grief Nella never cries, but her dry- eyed anguish seems to stifle her, her heart and throat appear as if girt with an iron band; and it is thus she feels now. 'Oh, Bertie, I have lost him for ever! My foolish jealousy, my cruel, hasty temper has parted us. Birdie! Birdie! what can I do without him? my Raymond! My love! my life!' and the heart- broken wail in the girl's voice was piteous to listen to. 