MEG. - Margaret Neai,e,. a girl about twenty or thereabouts, sat on a low, broad stone near the edge of a .cliff that overhung the sea. " Her features were irregular but she had a certain dark, gipsy-like beauty of her own. Her brown stuff gown' clung closely about her; her hat had fallen back, and hung carelessly by the strings; a red woollen shawl "was wrapped around her shoulders, one end trailing off over the scant, grey herbage. Her hands were clasped about her knees ; there was a hard- set look about the unsmiling mouth ; and the eyes, that were sometimes most tender, had a dangerous light in them as they gazed steadfastly off over the darkening sea to the distant horizon, still red with the reflected glow of the sunset. . At a little distance, but with his back towards her, and his steel-blue eyes just as steadfastly bent in the opposite direction, stood Matthew Erickson, a handsome young fellow enough, in the rough dress of a miner, tall, strong, and ruddy, with a full "curling, chestnut beard, and hair of the same colour. A blue ribbon dangled from his left hand. , There had evidently been a quarrel ; and a love quarrel, in a struggling mining hamlet on the north-west coast of England, does not differ greatly from one in a scat tered fishing hamlet on the eastern coast of Maine.; Forms of speech may differ, but love and anger' are much the same the wide world over. As for the queer, quaint dialect in which the special pair of lovers poured forth their mutual grievance, no attempt will be made to reproduce it here. You may be sure they said "yo" for "you," and "towd" for "told," and " canna" for "cannot," and; "ta" for "thou." But all that shall be taken for granted — if not for your ease' and comfort, at least for mine ! . Tired of the silence, at length the young miner sauntered away with an assumed air of indifference, and, picking up a handful of pebbles, slowly tossed them, one by one, into the waves below. Margaret's eyes did not waver, but none the less did she follow every motion of his hand. Having watched the fall of his last , pebble, he came back and stood behind her, winding the ribbon round hisjfingers to its evident detriment.; "So you will not wear it, Meg ?" he said at last. "Ho, I will not," she answered, without turning her head. " Why do you vex me ? There's no more to be said about it." " But why, Meg !" and he laid his hand on her shoulder, as with an attempt at con ciliation. "Tell me why? Surely you can do no less." " Because— because— I can't abide blue. Matt Erickson. It's hateful to me:" "But I like it, Meg ! And, if you care for me, you would be glad to wear a blue ribbon to the fair when I ask it." " Why did you buy it ?" she asked shortly, turning towards him by a hair's breadth. "Hot to please me, that's sure." , "Yes; to please you, and to please myself. Jenny wears ribbons as blue as her own eyes, and I am sure you cannot say they are not pretty. You are just stubborn, Meg." Poor Matt ! In his uneducated, mascu line blindness he could not see that the delicate colour that harmonised so well with his, pretty cousin's pink: and white cheeks and sunny curls . were utterly un- suited to his brown Meg, who needed rich, dark hues and warm reds to brighten her somewhat swarthy complexion. And poor Meg ! She had an instinctive sense of fitness that taught her this, but she was not wise enough to know how to explain it to her somewhat imperious lover. She could only say she "hated blue!" Besides, Meg had carried a sore spot in her heart for two months ; ever since this same cousin Jenny of Matt's came on a visit to Eysdyk. She was a dimpled, deli cate little creature from the south— from near London, in fact— where everything was nicer and finer than in Lancashire. Jenny's hands were soft and white, and she had pretty gowns, as befitted the daughter of a well- to-do farmer who kept men- servants and maid-servants.' And she had a pair of real gold earrings and a lace scarf! .Old Mother .Marley said it was reai lace, but of that Meg was not . quite sure. That -was a height of magnificence to which she was not certain even Jenny could attain. And Jenny had sweet, little coaxing ways with her; and she. was always purring round her cousin Matt, like a kitten ; and — and— she wore, blue, ribbons ! Meg would none of them. She sat for a moment, as if turned to stone. Then she blazed5 out : : ; . 1 1 "rJenhy!' ' Jenny !' I" am' tired of ' Jenny!' She has turned your; head with her flirting .."ways,' like a butterfly, and .her yellow hair and her finery. Give your blue ribbon to her, and take her to the. fair — for I'll not wear it !" ; " And youTl not go to the fair either.?'', said Matt, in tones of suppressed passion- "Is that what you mean .?'! , . "I'll not go with you," she answered, growing cool herself as he grew angry- ". Yet it's.- likely enough that I may go. There are plenty of lads who would; be glad to take me with no ribbons at all." - With a strong effort the young man put the curb > upon his tongue, but his face darkened. " You will go with me or with no one, Megi"; he said. "This is all non sense— and we to be married next Michael mas ! But come,' ' jand he put out his hand to raise her from the stone. " It grows dark." Meg, still angry, but willing to be pacified' if she must, allowed him' to assist her, and stood beside her stalwart' lover with burning cheeks and downcast eyes. She rather liked, on the whole, his tacit refusal to defend himself and his masterful, way of telling her it was " all nonsense." But just at this moment, as ill luck" would have it, a small brown paper parcel dropped from the folds of ber shawl. Matt stooped to pick it up. It hurst open, and a yard or two of scarlet ribbon rippled, over his fingers. How, our poor Meg, not to be outdone by tbe fair Jenny, had bought this ribbon her self that very evening, meaning to wear it to the fair next' week. But it so happened that when Matt .'went to Mother Marley' s shop to buy bis own blue love-token, he had found Ban Willis there— the only man in Eysdyk whose rivalship he had ever fearbd. And Ban was buying a ribbon precisely like . this, . Mother Marley had wrapped it in this very piece of paper Matt was sure, and he had seen Ban put . it '.ih. his pocket and walk off with it. - And now, here, it was! His gift was spurned, then, and his rival's accepted; and all Meg! s talk about Jenny was a mere subterfuge— an excuse for a quarrel. It was easy to see, now, why she had been so irritable of late, and so prone to take; offence. But a man could not stand everything, and if . Meg preferred Baa Willis to. him, why, >0 be it. Yet," if she would not wear has love-token, she certainly should not , wear Ban' s. , He hardly meant to do it ; . he was sorry the next minute. But what he , did, as the tide of passion swept him off his feet for an instant, .was to wind the two ribbons into a knot and throw them , vehemently: into < the sea. "There!" he cried, "that's settled, once for all.'-' - \ "And- something else' is settled, too, Matt Erickson," retorted Meg, in a white heat. " There will be no marriage for us next Michaelmas — no marriage then, or ever! You would strike me some day," for aught I know, if I should choose to wear a red knot rather than a blue. I'll not run the risk. I'll have nothing more to say to you while the stars shine," and, darting round the cliff, she was half-way down to the beach before he ever thought of stop ping her. The next day, Erickson, magnanimous, great-hearted fellow that he was, after all, having gotten over his pet, began to look at their quarrel from Meg's stand-point. It occurred to him that he might have drawn uncalled-for inferences. Ban Willis might have a dozen sweethearts who all liked red ribbons for aught he knew. And now like a fool he had behaved, losing his temper like a hot-headed boy, and throw ing Meg's poor little trinkets over the cliff. Ho wonder she was afraid to trust him. More than" one husband in Eysdyk was in the habit of beating his wife on as slight a provocation as the hue of a ribbon ; and it was not strange that a high-spirited girl like Meg should decline - to run the risk after she had once seen him in a fury. As for J enny — she had come in between him and Meg. He could see it now. But she was going home the day after the fair, and he would see Meg that very night and tell her so. For he did not dream that all was indeed over between them. He could hardly wait for the hour to leave the mine. He changed his soiled clothes, ate his supper hurriedly, and was soon on his way to Meg, stopping as he went to buy another ribbon — red, this time, and broader and richer and handsomer than the one he had robbed her of. : ' Then he went on through the crooked, scattered little village, till ' lie reached the Widow Heale's cottage, just on the 'out skirts. , To his surprise, he found the door locked and the shutters closed. . As he stood still in his perplexity, a white-: headed urchin who was turning, somer saults near by , shouted, "Ho you, Matt Erickson ! It's no good to wait there. The widow and Meg have gone away." "Gone? Where?" " Bon't know. To France, like enough there — or to Ameriky— or to London — or somewhere. They took a big box and a bundle, and I don't know but they'll stay for ever 'n ever. Meg said so ;" and, making a rotating wheel of himself, the lad vanished round the corner. Just then the door of the nearest cottage opened and a woman's face looked out. It was growing dark.- " Is it you, Erickson? There's no one at home in the house there. But I have something here I was to give when you came this way." ' His face was stern and set and white in the fading light, as ho took the little packet from the woman's hand. "Where have they gone?" was all he said. " - "I don't just know. To visit some of their kinfolk a great way off," the widow said. "Oh! hut she's a close-mouthed one, she is — and Meg's a bit like her. They're not gossipy folks. You never get- much out of them,' ' she added, with an injured air. . "Hot but I've found them good neighbours enough ; but they're rather high and mighty for commoners." As soon as He was out of sight Matthew Erickson opened the packet. He knew what was in it before he untied the knot. A string of curiously-carved beads, with a strange, foreign, spicy odour, that he had bought of a wandering sailor, and fastened round Meg's neck one happy night, and, two or three other trifles he had given her. And he found this note, slowly and pain fully written, badly spelled perhaps, and hot punctuated at all. But what of that ? The meaning was plain enough; all too plain, Matt thought, as he drew his hand across his eyes as if to clear his vision. " I gave you back your troth last night. Here are the beads, and the silver piece, and the heron feathers. How all is over between us." Here she; had evidently hesitated a moment, wondering if her words were strong enough. -For On the line below she had written, with an echo from the prayer-book reverberating in her ears, '' '" " For1 ever and ' ever, amen. ' Margaret Heale." Hot Meg, his Meg, his proud, high- spirited ' sweetheart — but Margaret— Mar garet Heale! It set her at 'such ah im- measureable distance over 'him: " All is over between us." As if she was dead and buried out of his sight. And he had spoken to James - Bay abotit the snug cot tage beyond the" bay ; and they . were to have been married at Michaelmas ! He;knew enough of Widow H eale s habits to ask.no more questions of the neighbours. As one of them had said, she was close- mouthed. He knew she had a sister living in Scotland for whom Meg. was named ; but where even he did not know. . Scotland was like a distant, foreign land to the people of Eysdyk. But the widow had money enough to go to Scotland or farther, if she wished, even on such short notice. She had never worked in the mines, neither, had Meg. She. had a comfortable annuity left her by her old mistress; for she had served in a great family before she married John Heale. , , v Month after month passed: Michaelmas was over, the winter came and went, and Eysdyk , knew . no : more ; of her and Meg than when they left. 1 The silence, the voidj grew unendurable to Matt. With the early spring -he carried; into effect what had been the one dream of bis life before he learned to love Meg. j America was the land of . promise for miners as well as others ;' . and had he not a friend who worked -in . the great iron mines - at . Ish peming, . on . the ' shore .of the wonderful northern lake that,- was itself almost as large, as all England ? - He had no father or mother, only a half uncle, whose house had been the only : home he had even known. ' : < What better; could he do than to seek work and forgetfulness together where there would be nothing to remind him of the past?-- . . So, when one fine morning nearly a yean after her sudden: flitting, the -neighbours' awoke to find the- door of? Widow Heale's cottage ajar and the shutters open, theffrst bit of news Meg - heard was that Matt Erickson had gone to America. , It struck her like a blow. How indeed he had dropped out of her life, as utterly as months since she had dropped out of his. ! For she, too, had had time to repent. Almost before the .blue, hills of Scotland had dawned upon her sight she had repented in dust and ashes. How foolish she had been, like a child that throws away its bread in a pet and goes to bed hungry. Why had she not worn the blue ribbon to please her lover, even if she did not like it ? As for Jenny— but what non- ; sense was that ! She would have been ashamed of Matt if he had not been kind to her. . To be sure be had been cross and thrown away her ribbon. But, then, he was a man — and men were strong and masterful and could not bear contradiction, and she had angered him by her foolish persist ence. Ah ! if she could but undo it all, and have her tall, brave, handsome lover back again. She would have turned round, and gone back to Eysdyk the very next day if she could have had her way. But a journey was a journey to people of their rank and condition, and her mother, who had taken it to please her, and somewhat against her will, was not to be blown about like a , feather by her caprices. She had suspected a love quarrel was at the bottom of Meg's sudden and impetuous desire to go imme diately on a visit to her Aunt Margaret in Kilmarnock. But, . once being there, the old lady was determined to have " the worth of her money" before sbe went- back. Sbe could not afford to go jaunting round the country, she said, as if she were the Queen herself with all parliament at her back. When she had her visit out she would go home, and not before. Meg was a good girl, but she was a bit hot- tempered. This lesson would do her good. But why, do you ask, did not Meg write to her lover, if she felt she had been in the wrong. Ah, why do not wiser ones than she always do the best thing, the right thing ? Besides, she was a woman, and a proud one. After having discarded her lover, she would not forthwith fall at his feet and ask him to marry her. But, ah ! she thought, as the long, slow days wore on, if she were only with him again — if she could only look upon his face once more, he would know all without the telling. There was another reason. Writing was a hard and unaccustomed task. She could not talk with her pen. Sometime, if the good God would let her see Matt face to face, she would explain ; but she could not write. : And now, after all the months of waiting, she was back in Eysdyk, but he — he was in America. ' It was as if he had gone out of the world. One day she went to the rectory and asked Miss Agnes to let her look at ,the map of America. The young lady did so, and showed her England also, and the wide waste of waters that lay between the two. What a speck England was to be sure ! Then she asked to be shown Lake Superior, and Miss . Agnes pointed it out, wonder- ingly. How far it "was ! As far from the sea- board, almost, ras the width of the Atlantic itself. She turned away with a long, shuddering sigh. Hope was dead within her. Matthew Erickson had gone out to her httle world into another of which she knew nothing. He would have been nearer it he had been dead. Once in a while, a3 the years went on, at rare intervals, news of him came to Eysdyk. Ee was well ; he had fair wages, though gold w asnot to be had for the gather ing in America any more than in England ; he had been promoted and had charge of a gang of men. At length there was a .long interval of. silence. Then came floating rumours of ill ; then after awhile a letter in a strange hand- writing, a letter to his uncle who had died three weeks before it came. There had been a bad accident in the mine— an explosion ; and in the effort to save others, Matthew Erickson had him self received dangerous injuries. Ho one thought he could live. But now, after months, he was slowly recovering, if recovery it could be called. For he was blind. Thepoisonous vapours had destroyed his sight. It was fivie years since he went away — five years that had brought many changes to Meg. It was a sobered, thoughtful woman, not a hot-tempered girl, who knelt by Widow Heale's side a week after the letter came, and said : " Mother, have I been a good, faithful child to you these many years ?" Her mother looked at her wonderingly. Two quiet women living alone they- were not in the habit of being over demonstrative. "A good child? Why do you ask that, Meg? There's not a better in all Lan cashire !" "Have I 'ever vexed you cr given you sorrow? Tell me, mother ?" "Ho," said the Widow Heale, slowly "Only it vexes me that you will not marry. An old maid's no good, and you know that two of the best men in Eysdyk worship the very ground you tread on this day. I call no names, and I say -nothing. A woman must answer for herself. But I wish you were married, Meg. I've saved up a good penny for your dowry, you know that," "Yes," she said, her lips quiveriDg. " Whatever was the reason yon did not have Matt Ericsson? ' her mother went on, querulously. " You'd have been a proud wife, now, and he here, hale and hearty." . Wiih a qoick gasp Meg threw up both arms, and then buried her face in her mother's lop, Bobbing vehemently while the latter sat aghast, half frightened at the Btorm ehe had unwittingly raised. At last she touched her daughter's hair softly. " Bou't, Meg," Bhe said. " I did not mean it." But Meg only drew the wrinkled hands about her neck and let her tears flow un checked. At length she looked up. "It was I who drove him away — Matt Erickson," she said. " We had a little .quarrel, just a few idle words about a ribbon, aud I told him in my silly anger I would have no more to say to him while the stars : shone. And now they do not shine for him for he is blind — blind. Oh, mother, I cannot : live, I cannot bear it !" ; " Yes," you will live, child," the widow' answered;1 qniokly. " We can bear anything, we women. 1 Your father was brought into : me dead — killed in these mines when you ; were scarce three years old, my Meg, and I am alive yet." " But this is worse than death," she cried, passionately. " Mother, do you hear ? He who was my plighted1 husband is 'blind, in a far, strange country. I must go and bring him home— home to Eysdyk." ->' '' She had risen from her mother's arms, and stood before her in the moonlight pale, resolute, with her hands clasped rigidlv. " Give me my .dowry, mother, and let me go,"- she said. "Do not deny me this thing? T am well and strong and, if I do say it, l am quick- witted. I can make my way. I- shall come back safely. Let me go, mother!" - "It is hot your place, Meg. Let someone else go." "Who? Tell me that! Has he father, or brother, or uncle ? Who is there to go ?" " But — it's not right maidenly to go off after a lover, Meg. What will the folks say ? And — would you marry a blind man ?" "Maidenly? It is maidenly to do right," said Meg, sturdily, her brown cheek flushing, i " "What do I care for the folk ? I am not a young girl to drop my eyes and be shame faced because folk will talk. They always talk. And as for marrying— it is not of marriage I am thinking now ; it is of bring- ' ing Matt Erickson — he whom I drove away by my ill doing — back safe to his own country — " She hesitated a moment and then went on . " But I'll not. play false with you, mother. He'll nob ask ms to marry him. But I shall know. If he wants me after ill that's past, he shall have me, and I d cake care of him till 1 die." Their talk lasted far into the night. But with it we have no more to do, nor with. the ; details by which a little monny was to be made to go a great way. For, after many rears, the widow consented that Meg should take her dowry and spend it as she chose. If they had been worldly- wise they would have accomplished their purpose through the agency of others. As it was they saw no way than for Meg to do herself the thing she wanted done. Oh, that weary, weary journey ! Why was the world so wide, the way so long? Meg kept up a brave heart until the boisterous ocean was: crossed and she had made her way as far as Buffalo, where she had been told to take the steamer for Marquette. It seemed to her that she had travelled the width of the whole wide earth already, since . Li6r foot first fell upon the soil of the. strange, new world. "Is this Lake Superior, sir?" she asked,, timidly, of a policeman, as she leit the cars and saw the waters of Lake Erie stretching away in the distance. "And can you tell me, "are we near Ishpeming ?" " Oh I no, my girl, this i3 Erie. Lake Superior is way up north, huodreds of miles from here. Ishpeming? Never heard of such a place. Bat here's your steamer if you're "going up that way." . ... Her heart sank like lead. Would she ever, ever reach the end ? All day, and day after day she sat siiently in the bow of the boat, gazing steadily forward. On, on, till - Erie was passed — on through lovely St. Clair with its softly rounded shores and fairy islands — then up through Lake Huron, still struggling up, as it were, past- towering, frowning heights, past stretches of interminable forest, past rocky head lands, past sandy beaches, through tortu ous channels and devious ways, into the wild rapids of the Saut St. Marie. Then at last Superior ! grand, weird, majestic in its awful silences, sweeping ou between its mighty, far- stretching shores, dark as the ocean, resistless as the grave. Where was she going? Would sbe ever find Matt ? Sailing onandou — penetrating nature's secret places, where the foot of man had never trodden. So it seemed to her. Could human kind live in these vast, wild, wild wildernesses ? Ic was like a new birth, when after many days the steamer entered the beautiful bay of Marquette, and the fair young city rose before her astonished eyes, its white cliffs gleamed in the sun, its green shores sweeping down ward to the water's edge. She was near her goal at last. For Ishpeming was but twenty miles upon the railroad, and thither she went by the first train. How rough and wild it all was ? And how the charred and blackeuing pine trees towered aloft like grim giants, and pointed their ghastly fingers at her as she swept through their solitudes ! " Cau you toll me where to find ft man called Matthew Erickson ?" she asked of the depot-master, trembling from head to foot. "Erickson? Erickson? Blown up in the mines a year or so ago, wasn't he? He stays at Sam Ayres, the Englishman's, I believe. Just yer go round tUat corner, ma'am, then turn to the right and go up the hill — or stay 1 Let me lock up here and I'll go with you. Ever been in. Ishpeming before? Ho? I thought you looked like a stranger in these parts." He left her at Sam Ayre's gate, having opened it gallantly when he saw that her cold fingers were unfit to do her bidding. A sindly-faced woman came to the door and bade her welcome. Meg's story was soon told. " And you have come aloue all thi3 long way to take Erickson home again ?" her eyes filling. ' ' God bless, you, dear, for I am sure He sent you. We've done the best we could for him, but — you are his sister ?" "Ho. I am a friend — a neighbour. There was no one else," she said, simply. " What's your name ? I'll tell him." " Ho matter about the name ; say a friend' from the old country." The woman came back presently. "Be careful," she said, "he's weak yet. But I want to tell you something just to keep you up, for he looks like a ghost. There was a great doctor from Hew York up here last week to look at his poor eyes, aud he told. Sam there was a chance for him yet — just one chance in a hundred." "Does he know it?" asked Meg, tremu lously, her colour coming and going. She was but a woman after all. Only blindness would have brought her here. " Ho, and you must not tell him. The doctor said so most particular. Will you go nrt nntv He had been sitting in the sun by the low window all day brooding, brooding. Theyjhad been very kind to him, these ;people, but even kindness wears itself out aiter a white. What was to become of him ? The wages he had laid up were wasting away. The eariy northern winter would soon set in. He shivered as he thought of the fierce winds, the pitiless, drifting snow. There was noth-" ing a blind man oould do here. If he were only at home in Eysdyk! Would Meg be sorry for him, he wondered, if she knew how desolate he was, how lonely in this strange land ? If he were at home he oould learn" to weave baskets like old Timothy. Here he was just a dead weight. "Some one to see him from the old country ? ' He turned his sightless eyes towards the door where Meg was entering noiseless as spirit, and his face kindled eagerly. Noiselessly she closed the door behind her. >He was so changed, so" white and worn, that her own heart stopped its pulsation, for a moment. She feared any sudden shock might overcome him. She dare, not speak lest he should know her "voice., Strange that she had not thought of this before ! . . He put out his hand vaguely, feeling the presence that he could not see. "You are very welcome," Be said. " But I do not know who it is- "Who are you ?" . .... He thought it was some kind English- - man, who having heard of his misfortunes had come to speak a word of cheer and comfort. She gave him her hand, still silently. A 1 woman s hand!. A swift -thrill shot through his frame, and his face flushed. Holding herself still with a mighty effort, - Meg knelt by his side, laying her head upon his knee. His hand touched her hair, her forehead, her lips. She gave a low cry, trembling like a leaf. & "Speak to me, quick," he whispered, hoarsely. . "Matt!" .v via " Oh, Meg; Meg, my - E. Dorr , in Saturday Afternoon. 