YORK. (From a Correspondent;) It is just now that the Yorkites are having their jubilee. We area little behind hand it is true, but what's the odds, as long as we're happy, eh ? We are going in for it now "bullocks," and no mistake. Just trifling display of bad feeling and antagonism, but a mere bagatelle. Didst bear, gentle reader, of the meeting which took place at the Institute here a short time back, when Bridge and Faversham were applying for the hall, for a bazaar at Fair time I Hard lines for Bridge ; their application was first, but Faversham was up to it, and sent the "spondu- licks." An avaricious committee could not resist that. When they saw the cheque their eyes glistened. That was an attraction which they could not withstand. Physic can spout a bit, though, can't he ! Did you notice how he influenced Telegraph and Banker 2 Although they were in favor of Bridge at first, he turned them round like a weather cock ; I suppose they were " scared" of him, phy- sic, you know, is dangerous stuff to meddle with. When the amendment (for Bridge) came on, old Telegraph held up his hand in favor of Bridge, and then he lowered it gradually, Physic meantime doing a rare bit of chirping in his ear. The butchers, however, stuck to Bridge a bit, but hadn't enough to say, I suppose ; the boys are shy. Bakewell and Bays, not being partial to either party, took no side ; so Faversham gained the day. And so ended that night's sport. How about Tuesday evening, though? Bridge outwitted Faversham there although the latter, who is deep, tried hard to get it. But, in vain. Physic was, naturally, " out for a better" when he found he was too late for the meeting that night. Gully it was a good job that the Secretary was gone when Physic turned up at the the hall, or he would have floored him. I saw him he was as white as a ghost. He said they took the advantage of him, and had the meeting a quarter of an hour before the time. Old Telegraph was edging him on, but the truth was-Old Physic saw that Faversham had no chance, and hid himself until the meeting was over, and then showed up to make out he was going to play the deuce. So he would, if he had had a basket of eggs and a big stick. By the bye, I hear there are to be two concerts on the Tuesday evening before the Fair. York is going ahead now, ain't it We need no railways here ; too fast already. All Perth and Fremantle are coming up to sing ; more singers than audience, I guess. We ought to have the telephone at work that night, to enable us to hear both concerts at once. How delightful ! I heard the band is to play for Faversham. This is hard lines for Bridge, who asked the bandmaster first. Faversham however told him that half of the proceeds of their concert was to be given to the band ; so, by golly, he didn't want telling a second time. He laid back his ears and jumped at the conclusion that Faversham was the man for him he could not be expected to pipe and pay the piper too. Could he, now ? July 20th. 