THE EXPLORER An Explorer's Diary. XIII. (Continued from last issue.) BY DRAMINGO. THE forest country I was travelling through had all been burnt at some bygone period, and it was not until a little before sundown that after passing through a great many belts of poly- gonum—l came on to some grass. It was the bed of an old lake; round all the trees was the dark ring that showed the high-water mark in floodtime; the mark here was about 12ft in height I looked for birds, as, if there had been any water within a reasonable distance, this should have been the feeding-ground of swarms of flock pigeons and parrots; but, save a few of the tireless hawks, there was no sign of any life. I was on the wrong went again, and after dusk camped for a short spell on the best patch of grass I could find. By daylight I got back to the place where I had left the water-bags, and giving my horse a good drink from them, went south; but here it was still the same desolate waste of flooded country, and I had at hut to return to camp unsuccessful. It was a disap pointment, as the creek looked so promising where Hedley and I parted that they expected I would be able to bring good news back. On the 11th I started for a try south; four miles over bluebush flats, and then I came to low downs. Three miles Bouth-west brought me to small watercourses bordered with polygonum. After crossing fifteen of these I reached one that seemed more defined than the rest, so I followed it south for about seven miles ; then it disap peared like all the rest, and nothing was ahead but the everlasting polygonum and bluebush. I turned east to get better travelling home, and got out on to high downs with beautiful grass on them, the result of some small thunderstorm* Seeing a great gathering of crows in one spot I went over there, and found a small melon-hole still full of rain-water, for whioh I was very grateful, as my horse was rather thirsty; and to be thirsty means to be done in this cUmato and country. The feed round the edges of the waterholes at Adder camp was now nearly all eaten, and the flooded flat* on either hand were «s bare as a boarded floor; so, as there seemed enough water in the melon-hole to hut a week, I determined to shift camp and give the hones a ■pell on the good Mitchell grass. The only draw back was that we oould not expect to get any game worth Bpeaking of on the downs; but we all preferred starving ourselves to starving our hones. When I got back to camp we examined our resources, which were now next door to none, the rations being just about done ; so made up my mind to kill a horse at our new camp. We made up a list of the game that had already been shot for ration purposes, and the following was the account up to December 11: — 50 parrots (corollas andgalars), 350 ducks (black ducks, teal, whistling ducks, wood ducks, and widgeons), 150 pigeons (principally flock), 11 geese, 4 turkeys, 8 spoonbills, 7 water-hens, 2 shags, 1 emu, 1 native companion; making a total of 584 birds, at least 560 of which had been shot by Hedley. All of them were shot for actual food ; nothing had boen wautonly de stroyed. In addition we had consumed about 100 fish. On the 12th we went for our new camp on the downs, about nine miles Bouth of the Adder camp. It was a very pretty place, and the Mitchell grass was something splendid; our horses revelled in it at once. Wo camped at the foot of the downs ; they rose behind us in a gentle slope, covered with picturesque clumps of timber; in front of us to the westward was a fine plain, and beyond lay the great dry tract of bluebush and polygonum that Beemed determined to block our progress. In the afternoon we led a horse up to the slaughter, and a bullet from a revolver terminated the career of the most use less one we had. Horse flesh is not nice ;it has a disagreeable smell; and morever a horse does not die warm, like a bullock ; but a death sweat breaks out; and when skinning the carcass it is cold and repulsive to the touch. After skinning and dressing the victim we none of us had much appetite left, although after a long fast. Being short of salt we tried gunpowder as a substitute, but it was not a success ; and, when we started to Bmoke the meat, a hot, close, muggy day set in that turned every bit bad in the course of a few hours. The proceedings of the next few days were bo monotonous that I will just transcribe verbatim the rough notes written on the spot in my note book. "December 14. —Start west, with little hope of getting any water. Brigga accompanied me for the first eight miles, over miserable flooded forest; then he went back, and I went ou alone we*t-Htmtli-\vost for uhout seven milen. At aun down reached dry lake ; saw some corellan mid gulars ; heavy timber visible across the flat. Too dark to do any looking about, ami one of my horses very lame, bo shall go back in the morning, and come out again with Briggs and Hedley and fresh horses. Camp on edge of flat. " December 15. —Came back to camp. At 2 p.m. we all started ; went nine miles south-west, and cunipcd on short green feed in flooded forest " December 16.—Leaving Briggs to look after the horses .and look out for smoke in the dis tance, I started west, sending Hedley south-west. On leaving camp crossed flooded country for four miles ; then I reached the flat where I had seen the pnrrnts; crossed and recrogsed; no Miceesti ; con.-U.tH now coming from the south. WVut VZJ worth-west through dry polygonum swamps, bushes mostly bent north or north west; flooded forest again. At 11 a.m. turn north-east; crocs another great flat; three water . marks on the trees, Bft, sft, and Bft No signs of birds; country all burnt Return to camp. Hedley not returned at dark ; will wait till moon rises. Attempt at rain during night. Hedley came back at 2 a.m., having camped till the moon rose; was making baok for the ridge when he saw our fire. Nothing but the same intermin able flooded flats where he had been ; he crossed two or three dry lakes. Packed up and started baok for the ridge where we killed the horse. Reached it at 7 in the morning, horses thoroughly done. " December 21.—At 3 p.m. we went over to Adder camp, taking two spare horses, and lead ing the others to spell on the Downs camp. " December 22.—Hedley stays at Adder camp to shoot; Briggs goes with me first twelve miles to bring baok spare horses. Start north ten miles or more over blue-bush flat; no timber. Turned north- west to ridge two miles. Here Briggs turned back with the packhorses, leaving the water-bags on a tree. Went on up a small creek until dark ; splendid downs country, creek with good holes in it, but all dry. Camped on the .edge of a plain." Here I found to my disgust that my supply of food—namely, six flock- pigeons —had turned bad from the heat of my saddle pouch, and as this was to have lasted me two days I had now nothing but tobacco to stifle the cravings of hunger with. A smoke and a drink from the water-bag was my light supper, and then a camp until near daylight I nearly lost my horse during the night—l had only brought one, and he was not used to camping by himself. I was dozing once during the night, when, on waking up, I did not hear him, so went in the di rection in whioh I had last seen him, and presently heard the chink of the hobbles travelling ahead of me ; I could hear the little brute but could not see him, nor was I able to overtake him for some time, as he was making straight for home. At last I pulled him up, caught him, and put the bridle on in order to take him baok to my camp. Happening carelessly to let go of it, just as I was going to unhobble him, he started off as hard as he could and soon disappeared in the darkness. I followed the sound for some dis tance, but presently lost that, and came to the conclusion that it was a case of having to walk back to the Adder camp, some twenty miles—» cheerful prospect Just as I realised thin notion I heard a snort, away to my left, and going in the direction found my friend camped under a bush, having got one foot in the bridle. On getting back to camp a little before daylight I saddled up and started on, north-west again. In about six or seven miles I reached the edge of the spinifex country, of a like description to that I got on to when going north from the Anthony lagoon, evidently a continuation of the same. I made about seven miles through this, then seeing some open country to my left I made for it, but found it only »■ isolated plain. From thence out the country consisted of small strips of grass country divided by spinifex ridges. At last I had to turn back, not having apparently got so far into the tableland as I did on a former occasion. It was well on towards evening when I came out on to the downs country again ; I need scarcely say without having seen the ghost of a watercourse, or any place that would be likely to hold water for more than a few hours. I began to feel the effects of a long fast, for whenever I got off my horse I felt giddy and faint About a couple of hours before sundown I came to the head of a small oreek, and ran it down for some dis* tance until I came to a little rain-water, whicH was a great godsend to my horse, who had had a bad time of it Some hawks were mustered about this puddle, but I wanted to make the most of what daylight there wns left and see where the creek ran to, so refrained from trying to shoot one with my revolver, and went on down the creek, whioh ran westerly for a bit and then turned round, running nearly south-east, making straight for the bluebush flat that had so often proved fatal to us. I followed it till it was hopeless, then at dunk went back to the rain-water puddle. The hawks of course were all gono, ami I had lost my chauco of a food, so, turning my horse out, I lay down to the unsub stantial diot of a pipe, cold water, and taking up my belt another hole or two; by this time it (my belt) would have comfortably fitted any ordinary girl of sweet seventeen. I camped until the middle of the night, and then, catching my hone, and, taking the glittering belt of Orion to steer by, started back for the depdt, and arrived there at sunrise, crossing low timberless downs all the way. From thence I made camp at Adder waterholes at about 11 a.m., where I was rather rejoiced to see some duoks roasting on the coals. While I had been away, Briggs and Hedley had been back to the Downs camp, and, finding the rain-water continued to hold out, had left the main lot of horses still there, and come back to the Adder camp themselves. They had also discovered some pigweed half- way between the two camps, which helped greatly to eke out our irregular supply of game. Christmas day was kept up by us with due state and ceremony. Hedley got some spoon bills in the morning, and we had a very fair breakfast Then we saddled up and went back to our camp on the downs. The horses were all right, and getting quite flash. We made a pudding out of three table-spoonfuls of flour, which formed our Bupper, and then turned in ; but were soon disturbed by a thunderstorm. Hearing the horses galloping about in their lioblca I went out to see after them. When I oatuc back I found Brigga eating frogs; at least he had ouuiiueuced on one, and another was roasting by thu tire, lie shared his spoil with me and they were very good, ouly we could not get euough of them. I made up my mind that on the morrow, should the cloudy Bhowery weather continue, we would attempt to get across to Powell's creek ; should it be fine we would go back to the Anthony lagoon and wait for thun derstorms. Strange to aay, although many Btorniß had fallen to the southward and eastward, none had yet fallen to the westward or northward. The morning broke rather cloudy, and by the time we had got packed up and given the horses drink it looked so promising for cool weather that I docided to utart for Powoll'a creek. [TO Bt CONTINUED.] 