An assault caso of a somewhat unusual character occupied the attention of the local bench of magistrates on Tuesday last. The assault itself does not appear to have been of a very serious nature. The defendant is said to have caught the complainant by the 6leeve, to have clutched at him, to have executed a kiud of war dance round him, and to have been profuse in the utterance of the very . choicest selection of Billingsgate. This, by the way, is rather a libel on Billingsgate, for some of the pet phrases indulged in by the defcudant would bo more appropriate to the hulks—it was altogether too high-flavored for the fishmarket. But on the assumption that the defendant had received any legitimate provocation from the prosecutor, the requirements of the case would probably have been met by a fineof a few pounds. It will be observed, however, that the cause of quarrel in this instance was of no ordinary character. Mr. Edmondson had had no falling-out with the prisoner. So far as we can learn from the evidence, indeed, the two do not appear to have had any transactions together, or to have , been even acquainted with each other, more intimately than any one resident of a 6mall provincial town is bound to be acquainted with every other resident. The entire and sole cause of offence given by Mr. Eduokdson appears to bo this. A few weeks ago a fire occurred at the Imperial Hotel, of which Kelly was the landlord. At an inquest held on that fireMr. Edmondson was a juror; and the jury on which he sat returned a verdict that would appear not to meet the views of Mr. Kelly. With the circumstances cf the fire, or the propriety of the verdict returned we have nothing whatever to do; but upon the action of Kelly in the recent assault case it is necessary in the public interests that we should offer a few words of comment. As the attorney for the prosecution veiy properly put it to the court on Tuesday last, the offence to which the defendant pleaded guilty was one of the most serious possible character. To us it appears so serious that its punishment ought to be provided for by special enactment. We have seen in a case tried not long since in Melbourne that special provision exists for the punishment of "embracery," and we are unable to see any lesser criminality in the offence of which Kelly stands convicted. In the caso of "embracery" the juior is corrupted, it is true, be/ore the trial, whilst in Mr. Edmondson's case he is only abused and insulted after the trial, but the effect seems to us to be just as prejudicial to the interests of justice in one case as in the other. For if jurors are to be influenced in their deliberations by a fear of unploasant personal consequences to themselves; if they are to be bullied and mauled by every person who is, or supposes himself to bo, condemned by their finding, we may as well give up the jury system at once. Perhaps this would bo no very great loss. Whilst, however, the muchvaunted " palladium of British liberties"—trial by jury—continues to be the law of the land, it is above all things necessary that everyone engaged in the administration of the system should be protected, in the discharge of his duty to the State. We are glad to sao that the Albucy mftgUtrfttes an of tho earns way o thinking, and we hope that the severity of the sentence imposed on Tuesday last will exeroise a wholesome influence in tho direction of preventing any repetition of the offence in this district for the future. The proceedings of tho Albury Borough Council at the meeting on Wednesday night were characterised by a considerable amount of fogginess. Tenders for tho erection of a bridge over the Woolshed Creek had beon received, and wore on the point of being considered, when it was suddenly discovered that tho motion authorising the invitation of tenders had not yet been carried. This little difficulty was got over by postponing the consideration of tenders until after tho resolution had been agreed to, and by a subsequent suspension of the standing orders. This happy solution was not, however, arrived at until after a very lengthy discussion, which, as it turned out, was only so much wasted breath, seeing that it was finally determined not to build the bridge at all for tho time being. Then Alderman Gulson, who is not usually given to raising unnecessary difficulties, thought fit to find fault with the Public Works Committee for including in their report an expression of opinion upon a subject that had not been referred to their consideration. The Public Works Committee, it seems, came to the conclusion that a bridge was wanted in Dean- street, and they said so. Most people would be apt to think that the Committee were rather entitled to the thanks of the Council for their zeal in the matter; but it did not so strike the mind of Alderman Gulson, who contended that the Public Works Committee, in making this rash suggestion before it was asked for, were " assuming the functions of the whole Council." Another noticeable feature in connection with the proceedings was a strongly-marked desire on the part of one or two aldermen to make things uncomfortable for the Council Clerk. Mr. Mudqe was first hauled over the coals with respect to a footbridge the erection of which he appearo to have ordered under a misapprehension. He was then taken to task about the scraping of the streets, which Alderman Rewbardt maintained had not been properly performed. The Mayor pointed out that Mr. Mcdoe, in his capacity of Town Surveyor, was the best authority as to the proper performance of the contract, and that attack was disposed of; but a finalshot came from Alderman Facw in the shape of a notice of motion for Mr. Mcdge's dismissal from the office of Town Surveyor, with a view of obtaining the services of a , properly qualified officer." We do not know precisely what manner of man is referred to in the term " properly qualified officer," but if Mr. Frew expects tc get the services of a professional engineer for £40 per annum, the sum now paid to Mr. Mdooe, then Mr. Frew must be very swguine indeed. p t o t b f h e a Fbom the metropolitan papers we learn that a decision of considerable importance with regard to the law of partnership has been given the Sydney District Court by Judge Wilkinson. The action—that of Davies v. Barton—was brought to recover an amount of £200 on two dishonored promissory notes drawn in August, 1875, by Messrs. Whioht and Co. in favor of James Wright and Mrs. WmoHT; defendant and Jaues Wright being members of the firmof Wrtobt and Co. For the defence, it was pleaded that defendant wasnot the drawer of the notes, nor had he been a partner in tho firmof Wright and Co. at the date the notes were drawn. Against this, however, the plaintiff put in the deed of partnership, showing that defendant was a member of the firm from1st March, 1874, and that the partnership was to continue for two years. Plaintiff also proved the signature of the firm to the notes to be in the handwriting of J. E. Treeve, one of the members, as also the endorsement of the notes to plaintiff^ For the defence, it was submitted, as a nonsuit point, that under a clause of the partnership deed Mr. Tbeeve had no authority alone to sign promissory notes on behalf of tho firm, the clause providing that "all promissoiy f notes necessary for the cacryingsm of the business should b» drawn only by Jobk Babton and J. R. Tbeevb in THE name of the firm." The judge having declined to nonsuit on this point, defendant tlym, proved in May, 1875, he had executed a deed of assignment for the benefit of all his creditors; and it was contended by his counsel that the assignment operated in precisely tho same manner as an insolvency for the dissolution of a partnership. The reply to this for the plaintiff was that the dood of assignment should have been pleaded specially, but that even if it had been so pleaded it could not operate as contended by defendants counsel. The point being a most important one, judgment was reserved at tho time, but his Honor has since decided in favor of the defendant. The judgment was that the deed of assignment was equivalent to an insolvency, and consequently dissolved the partnership, and that the deed need not be specially pleaded. According to tho Sydney journals, another offer has been submitted by the contractors for the Albury railway to complete the line at a much earlier period than that stipulated for in the contract. When a former offer of a similar character was made by Messrs. Cornwell and Mixker, we pointed out in sufficiently plain terms the advantages to be gained from its acceptance. Had the bargain been then Btruck, wo should now be looking forward to the opening of the line in the course of a few months, and a considerable portion of the present season's wool clip, together with all the roduce of the ensuing harvest, would cerainly have found its way to Sydney instead f to Melbourne. The number of visitors to he Exhibition, also, would have been increased y many thousands, and the railway revenue rom this source alone would in all probability ave derived an amount of profit more than qual to the bonus asked by Messrs. Cornwell nd Mixner. The only use, however, of pointing out what might have been done in the past is that of indicating the course that should be followed in the future. It is too late now to secure the benefits that might have been gained by an acceptance of the contractors' former offer, but it is not too late to profit by the advantages which are likely to result even now from an earlier opening of the line than is specified in the contract. If we cannot eend this season's wool to Sydney, we may Bend the wheat, and this opportunity alone would be of immense value to the farmers of the district; whilst the opening of the metropolitan market to our vignerons would encourage and develope one of our most important local industries to an extent that would be largely advantageous to the colony as well as to this particular district. If the International Exhibition is to be visited by any considerable number of country residents, the Bailway Department will have to offer much more liberal inducements than have yet been put forward. In this district people have been anxiously looking forward to the announcement of specially low railway faros to Sydney, and they have been disappointed. The reduction advertised is hardly worth speaking of, and the terms on which it can be obtained are highly inconvenient to the passengers. Exounion tickets, for examplo, ean only be obtained on certain days of the week at Wagga Wagga, and holders can only return on certain days from Sydney. No such absurd restrictions are placed upon the holders of excursion tickets on the Victorian linos. There, the passenger can depart or return by any train he pleases on any day up to tho expiration of the term for which the ticket is current. We are unable to see why similar facilities should not be accorded to passengers on the New South Wales linos; and if the Exhibition Commissioners desire their big show to be visited by residents of the provinces, they will bring Borne influence to bear on the Commissioner for Railways with a view to the issue of excursion tickets at cheaper rates and subject to less embarrassing conditions than at present obtain. ALBURY HOSPITAL.—Tbe treasurer acknowledges receipt of a donation of 10». to the funds of the Albury Hospital fromMrs. Edwin Blatter. The Ourooitra Mail.—Tho outgoing mail for Europe olotes at the Albttrjr offloe ai fbllowi I— Via Sues, 3rd October, at noon; via California, 7th October, 9.30 p.m. 1 PHRENOLOGY.—Mr. Hume, the well-known phrenologist, will lecture on the subjects of phrenology and mesmerism at the Exchange Theatre to-night and on Monday, THE EXHIBITION MEDALB.—The silver medals awarded to various exhibitors at the late Albury Exhibition arrived a few days since from town, and are now on view at the shop of Messrs. Affleck and Gray. THE NEW 0 UP.—The first of the new season's wool reached Wodonga on Monday lost, in the Bhape of 15 bales from Mr. Rand's station. According to all accounts, the clip generally throughout the district will be excellent in point of quantity and quality. A. SHOWER OP SULPHUR.—A inn* circumstance occurred in connection with the severe hailstorm of Tuesday night. After the Btorm was over a thin deposit of Rulphur was found on the surface of water exposed in several places at the northern part of the town. THE WEATHEB.—After two or three days' fine weather, steady rain set in again yesterday morning, and from what we have so far been able to learn, the fall appears to have extended for a considerable distance into the country. The total rainfall for the week up to 9 a.m. yesterday was •48in. DEATHS AT THE HOSPITAL.—The following deaths have occurred at the Albury hospital during the past week:—George Leibze, aged 61, native of Germany, admitted September 17th, suffering from dropsy ; died September 23rd. J. Davis, aged 45, admitted September 22nd, suffering from dysentery; died September 26th. THE VICEREGAL VISITORS TO THE EXHIBITION. —In our last issue we stated that the viceregal party from Victoria that passed through Albury recently on their way to Sydney would return by the same route. The heavy flood that has taken lace in the neighborhood of Wagga Wagga has, Eowever, interfered with this arrangement, and their Excellencies return to Melbourne by sea. COTTON TREE CREEK.—A crushing of 24 tons from the claim of Hore and Go. put through at Rhodes's mill IB reported to have yielded at the rate of loz. to the ton. A lot of about 40 tons from the claim of Messrs. Ash more, West and Co. turned out even better, yielding at the rate of over 27dwts. to the ton. A large crushing is to take place shortly from Davies's claim. CROWN LAND SALE.—At the auction sale of Crown lands on Wednesday the only lot submitted was one of 320 acres, in the parish of Gerogery. This was the forfeited conditional purchase of Josiah Grimshaw, and improved to the value of 7s. 5d. per acre. The lot was knocked down to Mr. Samuel Watson at the upset price of £1 12s. 5d. per acre. CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONCERT.—The last of the winter series of concerts in connection with the Church of England took place on Tuesday evening, when a capital programme was gone through in a highly creditable manner. Owing, ' ibly, to the fact that we have had rather a number of entertainments of this description E j, the attendance was not BO numerous as tuaaL MB. WILLIAM HAT.—Many of our readers will be glad to learn that Mr. William Hay, for many years representative of the Murray electorate in the Legislative Assembly, has returned to the colony after a lengthy trip to Europe. Mr. Hay was generally recognised as one of the ablest and most upnght members of the Parliament of New South Wain, and it is to be hoped the country will again hare the benefit of his valuable services. LARGE PELICAN.—A correspondent at Bizrrowye says:—" I noticed in the ' Banner' a few weeks since an account of a large pelican having been shot, and I take this opportunity of mentioning that a still larger specimen was killed a few days since on the Murray in this neighborhood. The bird I refer to measured 9ft. from tip to tip of wing, and 6ft 6in. from tip of bill to end of tail. It is pronounced by a good many old residents the largest bird ever seen in this quar ter." ATTACK UPON A JUROR.—We publish elsewhere particulars of an assault committed by M. T, Kelly, late landlord of the Imperial Hotel, Townsend- street, upon Mr. W. N. M. Edmondson. The cause of the assault seems to have been the fact that Mr. Edmondson formed one of the jury on the rcceut fire at the Imperial Hotel, and that Mr. Kelly objected to the verdict returned. The defendant pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to one month s imprisonment On a second charge of using obscene language a fine of £5 was imposed. GRASS- RIGHTS.—Holders of conditional purchases may be reminded that rents of grass- rights should be paid before the expiration of the present month. Selectors, in making the payment, should be provided with the last previous receipt, or if forwarding the money by post should enclose said receipt in the letter containing the inonoy. If the money is not paid before the end of September it cannot be received at the local land office, but must be forwarded to Sydney, where its acceptance by the Government is optional. THE ALBURY RAILWAY.—In an article urging the Government to push on with the Southern railway, a Sydney contemporary says :—" We know there is a narrow jealous fear that by completing the line to Albury we may facilitate the traffic from Riveiina to Melbourne. The period has passed when there was much fear of this. The policy of the Victorian Government and the heavy boraer duties will drive nearly all the business of the district to Sydney. At present the border duties prevent the vignerons and other producers around Albury from trading with Victoria, m and as thfere is no other outlet vineyards are l«t tun to waste, and trade languishes." SEVERE HAILSTORM.—A hailstorm of an unusually severe character passed over the town on Tuesday evening. The hailstones were of the size of marbles, and came down with such force as to play sad havoc with the gardens. Flowers were cut to pieces, the thick leaves of strong Bhrubs were riddled, and tender annuals just bursting into growth were entirely destroyed. The blossom on a large number of fruit trees was cut off, and the vines have to a greater or less extent been injured. It is to be feared that much damage has also been done in the country districts. So large and solid were the hailstones that they remained undissolved until a late hour of the following day. CAPTURE OF A SurrosED BURGLAR.—On Tues- day evening last a respectable-looking man was ni KBtedin Chiltern, and there was found in his jtoBsession a collection of articles calculated to give grounds for believing that he was connected with the housebreaking fraternity. Amongst other items in the list ol property discovered on the prisoner were two bunches of skeleton keys, capable of opening every lock in the town. In his swag there was a revolver, also a butcher's knife said to be " as sharp as a razor," and an assortment of jewellery. Some of these latter articles he had been trying to get rid of in the town. He bad also, it appears, paid a professional visit to some huts, and in one place being disturbed rather prematurely, departed in a hurry, leaving a key in the door. The prisoner was brought before the local bench and remanded. GRAPE-CRUSHER.—With reference to a paragraph published in a late issue of this journal describing a newly- invented machine for crushing grapes, patented in Adelaide, Mr. W. Creed informs us that he discovered and patented a machine on precisely the same principles. He says :—" This identical motion (of one roller moving quicker than the other) was applied to grape-crushing in a machine invented and patented by me in Victoria nine years since. This machine*also separated the grapes from their stalks and the must from the marc, pumping the former to any part of the same floor. The machine could be worked by one man, and do its work as fast as the grapes could be supplied. I have only had one machine made as yet, but any person desirous of getting one made can obtain full particulars from me on application, and for which construction no royalty will be demanded." MALICIOUS DESTRUCTION OP PROPERTY—'The particulars of a very malicious act have been for' warded to us from Walla Walla. Mr. Beasley, a selector residing at Walla Walla, had occasion not long since to come to Albnry on business, and while in town purchased a buggy, a set of harness, a sewing machine, and some other articles. Driving home with his new purchases, he arrived at the Billabong Creek in the evening, only, however, to find that the creek was too much swollen with the late rains to permit of any attempt at crossing. Under these circumstances, his house being only a short distance on the opposite side of the creek, Mr. Beasley determined to leave the vehicle and its contents where they were until morning. He accordingly unyoked the horse and turned aim out, covered up the things in the buggy, and crossing the creek on a log gained his residence. Next morning he returned betimes to bring the trap home, the creek having in the meantime fallen sufficiently to render safe an at tempt at fording. He found, however, that the buggy had been removed from the place where it had been left on the previous night, and following the wheeltracks be soon discovered that the vehicle had been hauled away to the bank of the creek, and pushed over into the water. The buggy was much damaged, and the whole of its contents had been washed away by the flood waters, the only article recovered being the horse collar, which was found entangled in a snag lower down the creek. The motive of this malicious act is supposed to have been revenge, and Mr. Beasley has a tolerably good idea of the man who did it. It is to be hoped that he may be able to obtain sufficient legal evidence to secure the punishment of the offender. ALBURY CRICKET CLUB.—A special general meeting of the Albunr Cricket Club was held on Saturday evening. In consequence of the retirement from office of Mr. E. Brown, who is leaving the district, Mr. G. Bradley was appointed vicepresident, and took the chair. The chairman drew attention to the fact that Mr. Brown was leaving Albury, and after referring to the length of time which the late vice-president had been a member of the clubhand the good service he had done to the cause of cricket generally in the district, suggested that some action should be taken in connection with his departure. He (the speaker) might mention that he had reason to know that Mr. Brown would prefer some simple and appropriate memento or his long connection with the club—such, for example, as a bat—to anything in the shape of a farewell banquet. Mr. Carne said he thought that au illuminated address would not be out of place ou such an occasion. Addresses were no doubt common, as were many other good things, but it would be au appropriate testimonial, and might bo accompanied with a bat. Mr. Phillips asked if Mr. Brown hod intimated any objection to an address. The chairman said he had not. Mr. Carne then moved a resolution to the effect that a bat and an illuminated address be presented to Mr. Brown. Mr, Cornwell seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. Carne said he wished that the cost of the affair should be defrayed from the general funds of the club. Every member would thus have an opportunity, as of course bo would also have the wish, to contribute ; and the presentatiou would then be the act of the club. The chairman approved of this suggestion, and believed the compliment would be considered all the greater by Mr. Brown. It was decided that the expense should bo paid out of the club funds, and that all arrangements should be left in the hands of the general committee. As it was understood that Mr. Brown purposed leaving Albury on the 27th iust. (tooay), it WM dwldod that the prwenUtion should toko place on the 25th—a purpose which has since been carried into effect. EXCURSION FARES TO SYDNEY.—The railway excursion rates to Sydney from Wagga connection with the International Exhibition are as follows :—£3 IQs. first class, £2 7s. Cd. second class. The tickets are available for fourteen days. In our last issue the second class fare was stated in error to he £2 17s. 6d. We may add that very loud complaints have been made in all parts of the colony with regard to the high rates charged. It is generally felt that on such an occasion very much greater concessions might have been made. THE NEW SYSTEM OK EAR-MARKING.—Some complaints have reached us touching Mr. Bruce's new system of ear-marking, and we notice that Albury in not the only district where the ne method has been the subject of unfavourable comment. A recent telegram says :—" The sheepowners in the Yass district are crowing more discontented and amused with Mr. Bruce's ridiculous ear-marks, it being considered that to carry out his microscopic ideas a sheep's car should be as large as a sheet of foolscap. Besides, it is urged that in several instances one mark can be readily nipped into another." THE HOWLONG HORSE DISPUTE.—AS we fully anticipated 60ine weeks ago, the Attorney- General has decided not to prosecute in the case of Mr. Keen, committed by the Howlong Bench in connection with the disputed ownership of a horse. GOLDEN QUARTZ AT RUTHERGLEN.—It is an nounced that on Wednesday last Messrs. Rae and Lord finished crushing at Rutherglen a parcel of 23 tons of quartz, which yielded 102oz. of smelted gold ; and that Messrs. Hooley and Waldron obtained 3loz. from 20 tons of stone from the Wee Speck claim. NEW INSOLVENT. — Nathaniel Whight, of Townsend-street, Albury, baker and confectioner. Cause of sequestration :*A recent fire, bad debts, pressure of creditors, and from having been induced by one of his principal creditors to allow him to receive the money paid by the Fire Insurance Company upon insolvent's policy of insurance, on the understanding that he would apply such money lor the general benefit of his creditors. Liabilities, £247 2s. 8d. ; assets, £214 9s. lid. Mr. R. H. Sempill, official assignee. FATAL ACCIDENT AT JERALGAMBETH.—On Sunday last an accident occurred at Jeralgambeth, resulting in the death of Mr. Robert Patterson, an old and well-known resident of the locality in question. It appears that Mr. Patterson was kicked in the head by a mare. Both hoofs struck him on the temple aud side of the face, and he feil to the ground, dying almost instantaneously from the effects of the terrible blow. MINING AT CHILTERN.—We are glad to learn that a considerable revival in mining matters is taking place at Chiltern. Encouraged by the success that has attended the enterprise of one or two parties, others are going into the field. The local paper says :—" A company, consisting of ten residents of Chiltern, are now sinking a shaft up the Suffolk Lead, on the strength of findinf a quartz reef in the alluvial, which was supposec to have been crossed some twenty years since by the parties when working the claim, and when the lead was in full swing. They expect to bottom at 150 feet. We may also mention that the Majenta Company are also working a shaft in the alluvial to work a supposed lead below the dam." LANDS OPEN FOR SELECTION.—Referring to a notice published on the 5th inst. in the Victorian " Government Gazette" concerning certain lands on the Murray to be thrown open for selection, it is now intimated that only such portions of the land in question as have been surveyed will be available for selection on 1st October, at 9 a.m. Plans of these portions can now be seen, and lithographs purchased, at the District Survey Office, Beechworth. The remaining portions of the land referred to will be made available as soon as possible after completion of the surveys. INSOLVENCY MEETINGS.—A first meeting in the estate of George Gale, of Howlong, farmer, will be held in Sydney on Wednesday, October 1st. A second meeting will be held at Albury on Tuesday, 7th October. A single meeting in the estate of — Schmidtenbecker was held at the court-house, before Captain Brownrigg, District Commissioner, on Tuesday. No debts were proved; the insolvent amended his schedule, aud the meeting closed. A first meeting in the estate of Robert A. Scott, of Germanton, storeman, will be held at the Albury Court-houBe ou Tuesday, 2lst October. In the list of new insolvents we notice the following name:—John Harrington Millard, of Urana, carpenter. Cause of sequestration Sickness in family. Liabilities, £75 15s. lOd.; assets, £7 15s. Mr. R, H. Sempill official assignee. THE VICTORIAN GRANT IN AID OP PROSPECT- ING.—At the last meeting of the Beechworth Milling Board there was a lengthy discussion on the subject of selecting places for recommendation to the prospecting board. Amongst the laces decided upon were the following :—Indigo Sdivision: Reefs—Golden Bar, Bobbie Burns, Essex, Durham and Devonshire ; alluvial -Durham and Indigo leads, and at Rutherglen the Murray Basin. Yackandandah Divisiou : Reefs —at Twist's Creek and Stitt's Reef; alluvial—at the lower end of creek to bt bored. Mitta Mitta Division: To thoroughly prospect the country about Bethanga. WESLEYAN.—Wo draw the attention of our readers to the advertisement of the public concert to take place iu the Weileyau schoolroom on Tuesday evening next, when some of the best talent of Albury and Wodonga and several strangers will take part. A good entertainment is expected, and it is hoped that it will be numerously patronised. A GUNDAGAI GHOST,—There are some sooffers who maintain that a ghost in the nineteenth century is an an anachronism. Others, again, not prepared to deny the possibility of an occasional flying vuit from the other world em In thwe later days, affirm that in Australia the surroundings are too prosaic, the people too practical, to offer any inducement to excursionists from the Great Beyond. It would appear, however, that both these classes of people are in the wrong. Although we certainly lack most of the materials usually considered indispensable in an old country ghost story, we have the ghost itself, which is, perhaps, the chief element in such narratives. The following account of our ghost is supplied by the correspondent of a contemporary :—" Some few years ago, a gentleman named Pilkington, of good income, living near Gundagai Town Common, was missed suddenly. One evening he left Gundagai with the intention of returning to his home, and was never afterwards heard of. The horse w Mr. Pilkington rode was found next morning grazing between the town and Mr. Pilkington's home. Persons still say and believe the man was brutally murdered, and his body made away with. Near Cobbler's Hole, a very deep part of Morley's Creek, which Mr. Pilkington would have passed goiug home, several persons assert and vow they have on a number of occasions lately seen an apparition resembling Mr. Pilkington, whom they well knew. Upon approaching this strange object it disappeared in tne water." THE YANKO CREEK.—Complaints are still made with regard to the want of a bridge over the Yanko Creek at some central spot. At present the residents of Spring Plaiu and the surrounding neighborhood would be completely cut off from all communication with Jerilderie but tor the courtesy of Mr. M'Lean, who kindly permits a private bridge to be used. THE ROWING CLUB CONCERT.—A capital entertainment was given last night at the Exchange Theatre in the shape of a concert held under the auspices ot the Albury Rowing Club. The programme was well considered, and received every justice at the hands of a number of our most talented local amateurs. The house was fairly filled by a highly-appreciative audience. BETHANGA.—To judge from the following extract from a letter published by a contemporary, there are good times in store for Bethanga yet:— " Bethanga went mad on Saturday evening last, and why t We have always been told that our mines won't pay, and must give our property up and starve accordingly ; but patronisingly told we may start again by-and-bye. To keep things agoing, Mr. C. Dyring, a local storekeeper, took a six months tribute of Wallace's mines and furnaces (these that didn't pay, mind). He reduced to 50 per cent, and sent home, getting £30 per ton advanced from Briscoe, in Melbourne. Of this, by all repute, he expected to have to fork out fully £100 ; but on Saturday he received a letter telling him that the regulus (50 per cent, ore) fetched fully £500 more on tbis first parcel. This will be rather a decent profit; and if soap and sugar can make it pay, why should not proper mining entetprise do so I We await further news." YOUNG.—From the local paper we learn that a meeting was recently held at Young to arrange for the presentation of a testimonial to Mr. R. W. Edwards, C.P.S., on his removal to Albury, and that ac an early stage of the movement £70 had been collected for the object in view. Mr. E l- wards is the gentleman who succeeds Mr. E. Brown in the office of Crowu Lands Agent in tbis town. THE AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SO- CIETY.—We are glad to learn that the directors of this popular society have seen fit to re-establish the Albury agency, and we have every reason to believe that this step will lead to a large increase in the business of the association. Mr. C. Ten Brink is the local agent, and the agency will be carried on at the new " Banner" Office premises. DISSOLUTION OP THE WAGGA CATTLE-STEAL- ING PREVENTION SOCIETY.—At a meeting of the Cattle-stealing Prevention Association held at Wagga on the 12th iust., it was resolved to dissolve the society, after paying all rewards due for convictions. The surplus funds will be handed over to the Wagga Wagga hospital. It is expected that a new association will be formed on a wider basis. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in tbe present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere aud those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention:—Tenders are invited by the Government for the conveyance of mails; Mr. Gordon Bruce, Inspector of Stock at Germanton, intimates that he has resumed his duties; Mr. R. M'Kenzie has opened an oyster saloon in Dean-street; Miss Moloney lias commenced business in David-street as a dressmaker ; the Clydesdale stallion Jack the Lad will stand this season at Waddai; Mr. L. Solomon will hold a sale of furniture at tbe residence ot Mr. Mois on Mondav next; Mr. North will offer for sale at TatersaU'a Hotel, Dean-street, an hotel and 40 acres of land at Mahonga ; tenders are invited for works at tho Albury Public School; a new cash store ha6 been opened at the building hitherto known a» the office of this journal; the Rev. J. Masters lectures to-morrow evening at the Independent Church on " Pilgrim's Progress;" Mr. F. Matthews,of Deanstreet, has added to the business of his restaurant that of a pastrycook, &c.j; the thoroughbred horse Yabba stands this season at Thugga; Mr. W. C. Steel has sheep of all kinds for sale; Messrs. F. G. Drake and Oo. will sell fat cattle at the Rlverma Yards on Wednesday next; Mr. A. Heath announces a revised price list of groceries for cash only ; tenders lor works are invited by Wodonga Shiro Council; Mr. Cyrus Smith holds a sale of bowes. buggies, &c;„ at the Imperial stables next Wednesday; T. F. Waller and Co. will fell fat stock on Monday: F. and A. Piggin eell stock at Corowa on Saturday next; Mr. Steel will this day sell brewery plant; Mr. Steel holds a sale of furniture at Jindera on Thursday ; debts due to Maodonsld and Co,, Walbundris, must be PftUt 