THE MYSTEBIES OF CRIME; . : . . ...-**: - ''?'. :-. ??' T&b; Experiences of as Edutbtogh X)£Tbotivb.— No. CXIX, (Published by apeoial anmagemont with %h$ Author.] SELLING A LIFE. It seems to me that it is as of ten the fear of discovery and disgrace which keeps the mass of men honest as their well-grounded principles of honesty and well-doing. A professional thief looks a very contemptible being in the dock; but how many of the onlookers would themselves fall into the same slough if the opportunity were pre sented to them in a way that made detec tion appear impossible? Principles seem often to be very elastic things — altering strangely with circumstances and con Iditions. A man will often, when suddenly confronted with danger or death, make the most frantic and solemn vows, which the moment he is in safety will evanish in thin air, and be heard of no more. Let me not be misunderstood-— I have no wish to paint - human nature blacker than it really is— I merely wish to state my conviction that there are many among us who are born, educated, and 'trained to business— who j&utter; their brief hour here on earth— and then disappear without a slur on their name— who nevertheless are essentially dishonest, and who would act exactly like the principal character in the following curious case. . The thought is not a flatter ing one, but I am not accountable for that if it is a fact, i One louring stormy evening in the month of September, the trading vessel Sweet AgneS; running from Amsterdam to Leith with a cargo of potatoes and butter, after dropping about helplessly in a heavy gale and a wild sea, and. drifting away out of her course past Heligoland towards the coast of Denmark, hegan to flounder and stagger ominously, as if about to dive^do wii head foremost in the water and carry every one on board to the bottom. The. night was creeping down almost pitch darky and the master of the vessel, had only the vaguest idea of their whereabouts, added to which for nearly five hours the pilinps had feeen kept lBcessantly at work by both crew and passengers, and with so little, effect as to make; them fear that the water below got in considerably faster than they ? were forcing it out. One terrible s^ing. elf the vessel sent the loose cargo rumbling over intb.8 hold to the side, and there Jit ??? stuck, keeping the vessel hanging appa rently uncertain whether to heel over or* light itself, tillneavly one-kalf of the cargo h|ad been hoisted up with desperate haste, and thrown overboard. Slowly and sud denly the vessel righted herself, but being rpttenas a pear, the lightening process only seemed to have made room for more water; for by-and-by the ominous staggers already mentioned convinced the experienced master that all their labor had been in vain, for the vessel was settling rapidly down in the water. 1 There had been on board the vessel at starting three boats* 4mt one had been torn aWay by the storm ; and as quietly as pos sible, while the Jbulk of the crew and pas sengers remained clustered round the pjmmps, the master had the remaining two lowered into the water. One of these, un unfortunately, like. the fire-hose in country - ?villages, when most wanted, proved useless, for it leaked so freely that, it was allowed to fill and sink^ and then, with only one . bjaat between them and a watery : grave,, every one cognizant of the real state of affairs glided noiselessly to the side, and -. disappeared, till the gunwale of the boat was almost level with, the water, and the master was shouting, loudly to the mea to 'cast off or risk being swamped. The shout attracted the attention of the only two left . oji board, a young fellow, called David ; Lochrie, a. kind of broken-down ne'ervdo well, who had agreed to work his passage to Leith, and a middle-aged gentleman, called Joseph Ferguson, a commission agent and general wholesale merchant, who had , bjeen visiting Holland on business, and was now on his' way home. These two had workedlike slaves with the rest, and belong ing to the same town, Leith,*had struck up a kind of speaking acquaintance since the beginning of the storm. Now, how^ ever, with a cry of alarm they rushed to the side and realised the dreadful situation at a glance. ' Cast off ! cast off !' shouted the cap tain, himself safe in the boat, and fearful of any additional. weight. 'Another ounce will sink her !, Don't leap, if you value your lives!' ' He ieant forward to cast the boat loose as he shouted out the words, and shove it off with the oar in his hand ; but the mate, more soft-hearted, cried — 'There's room for one — if the gale gets no worse, she'll hold one. Hold on ! Hold on ! Quick! you two, decide which it's to be.' ^ Dying men think rapidly, and do not hesitate. over the rounding of a period. . ' Let us leap for it,' cried the young man Lochrie. ' We've been shamefully tricked, and we've as much right to a chance for life as any of them.' ?' Stop, stop !' screamed Mr. Ferguson, seeing that the boat was being shoved off at the threat. ' Listen a moment. I am rich ;~I can command- thousands-, I'll buy the 'place of you. ??.-.'?, ??-*- i ? ' Buy it ?~buy my life:?V echoed the young man- with an amazed look. .-? ' Yes ;?.??. a :fortune-r-a thousand pounds forthe place in the. boat f . : ; ;.'.l \- ' A fortune ? ,— a thousand . pounds ? What would. a million be to a dead man:?', bitterly returned Lochrie. ^ 'But you have friends — a mother, poor and helpless,' eagerly put in the trembling merchant ; u and you said not many hours ago that you were tired of life, and no use in the world but to come back as a burthen upon your friends. Think, oh, think, what a sum like that would be to them !' 'True — my mother— I have a mother,' vacantly returned Lochrie; and then he allowed his face to sink into his hands, as if in deep thought. ? . . / ' ,. 'Ohoy, fhere ! Quick! or we're off!', shouted the mate from below. 'Cast lots, if you can do nothing, else ;F11 count three, and if you're not down 1)y the . third you'll be left^ehindi One!' / V''. 'X ,, ? J ' Quick H-a thousand pounds! , Two hundred more,' eagerly and temptingly put' in the merchant. ' Twelve hundred for the place; and you may not go down after all.' ? 'I'll doit— I agree. Givemymotuerthe money — you have her address. Now/ down with you before' I can change mv mind ;*' and Lochrie, with a face nolonger'troubled, but almost radiant through the gloom,' turned to t&e; crowded boat and shouted, 'All right— I've sold him my place— re- member, sold it— for twelve hundred pounds. Itfsattformyinother Good-bye, boys— good-bye.' The soft-hearted mate turned away his head as Lochrie took off his cap to give them a parting cheer, and Mr. Ferguson scrambled down into the coveted few inches of room in the boat. 'Poor fellow! Well that's noble of him — all for his mother,' huskily put in the mate, addressing the captain almost unconsciously. /'Couldn't we find room for him'too?' 'Room, for him! — room for all our graves !' angrily shouted the captain. ' It's a close shave with us as it is. tJnless the wind goes down steadily we're lost, for no boatful like this could fight long with such a sea.' They pushed off as he spoke, and the dark hull of the vessel slowly receded into the gloom, staggering and groaning as if about to make the final plunge. Lochrie said nothing, but they saw him draw his hand across his eye's as his white face became more indistinct in the darkness. Still his bearing was manly and firm as ever, and the cap in his hand was waved persistently till the murmurs of sympathy from the boat swelled to a hoarse cheer, and the murky gloom hid the doomed vessel from their eye's.: Even after the vessel was invisible they breathlessly rested on their oars and strove to pierce the gloom with eager glances, fancying that they still saw the dull hull and white fswse slowly surging downwards into a watery burial. All night they kept at the . oars rather aimlessly, for though the wind had mode rated, their bearings were as indistinct as ever. Unconsciously they had made some progress towards England, for next morn ing a vessel bound for Shields sighted the castaways, picked up. them and their boat, and in a few hours landed them all in safety. On landing, Mr. , Ferguson, who had re^ ' mained strangely silent as to the nature of the bargain between him and the lost man, at once left the compaiiy of the rescued castaways, and was seen nqinbre.; Strange, nay, incredible, it may appear, but he had actually in the inherent -meanness of his soul begun to repent of the hasty bargain which had spared him to his wife', aad family, and was studying how best tomake sure of never being called uoon to imple* ment the agreement. As things stood he seemed to have every facility afforded him for the safe, commission of the crime. He himself waa not personally kaown to a soul onboard; he might have belonged to the Fiji Islands foi aught they knew, though he had shipped for Leith under his real name, Joseph Ferguson. Then, even if their suspicions were roused, what could they do ? A few words hastily shouted over the side of a sinking vessel would not go for much in a court of law, even if they were remembered beyond the first twenty-four hours — which was not likely. Besides — and here was the scheming rascal's greatest point — the woman to whom the money was aue was poor and obscure — he was not certain, indeed, if one among the rescued ; but himself knew of her existence or her address. Twelve hundred pounds was not a great deal to him — he sometimes made as much in a. few months^-but it was more than he felt inclined 'to throw away,' as 'he expressed it to himself. He evidently considered that his life was worth an infi* 'nitesimally smaller sum than that; and ^under the circumstances I do not think any. : Jone will he inclined to dispute the superb ,ority of his valuing powers. It was there fore with peculiar satisfaction that he found himself, away up at Newcastle, far from the rescued men and all busy and troublesome enquiries, and whirling along by the Bast Coast line towards Leith, luxuriously reposing in a first-class car riage, and composing himself to sleep with the thought of having done an exceedingly clever stroke of business. It so happened^ however, that the sym pathies of one — a perfect stranger to all concerned, had been keenly roused by all the cii'cumsitances of the case. That was no other than Tom Flint, the soft- hearted mate already mentioned. This man had no interest whatever in the lost man or his relatives ; but perhaps he had a mother of , his own, or felt a deeper gratitude for being himself spared ' yet a little longer.' At any rate he hastened to Leith with the earliest available train, and after hastily assuring his own wife of his safety, walked off to an obscure part of the Kirkgate to the address which he had taken from Lochrie when shipping him at Amsterdam. It was a bright sunny afternoon when he set out, and his steps were quickened materially by seeing in glaring letters at every newspaper vendor's door — 'Loss of a Leith vessel and one man.' 'I wanted to tell it her in my own way,' he afterwards said to me, 'afore she clapped her eyes on it in them papers, which always nut things in the very sharpest and'sudaenest way they can.' Mrs. Lochrie was not difficult to find. He was shown into a single apartment on the ground floor, where an old woman rose i hastily from her white seam, and with trembling limbs crossed the well-sanded floorwith her eyes earnestly fixed on' his grave facers- --? ??.- ''?'' ' ?????? -^ ?: ' YduJrelMrs. Lochrie, ma'am, I believe,' began the mate, now - trembling almost as violently ae the poor woman before him. Her face ^turned ashy white, and she Started hack; pressing her hand on her heart. ? J 'Is it ony thing aboot my laddie?' she faintly articulated at last. 'My Da vie, that's been awa' this twelvemonth and mair?' ' It is,, ma'am ; but keep up a good heart,' said the sailor, in broken tones. ' The veesel went down, there's no doubt; but then we dunno whether yeur son mightn't ha' bin picked up or — :-''. The words of comfort died on his lips. The poor mother had staggered slowly back to a seat by the fire, where she mechani cally seated herself, with her whole; faC3 convulsed, and her body rocked to and fro in the first paroxysm of grief. 'My Davie ! my youngest laddie!' she faintly moaned, as if unconscious of the man's presence* ' They a' ca'd him a ne'er dae-weel, and tried a' they could to keep him doon, but I kent his heart better nor ony ; and I ken he wad have laid doon his veTV life for his mother.' ' You're right, ma'am,' respectfully put in the sailor. ' He did lay down his life for you. There was only room for one in the boat, and there was 'two still on deck. One was rich, and he bought the place from your son, who shouted out to us, * It was all for my mother !' ' : ' My laddie ! my laddie ! gie me back my laddie !' screamed the bereaved mother, starting to her feet and wildly tearing at her grey hair. ' What care I for money if my laddie's gane ! Gie me back my son! oh, gie me back my son !' Some of the neighbors, attracted by her piercing cries, now made their appearance, and after explaining matters to them, the honest sailor was glad to leave them to con sole the stricken mother in their own simple1 fashion. He was not quite certain, that Mrs. Lochrie had really understood what he said about the money; but he promised to call again, in the course of a day or two, and give her further information, when she was in a more fit state to receive it. In the interval the sailor was not idle. The first thing that dawned upon his recol lection upon visiting the poor mother was the fact that as yet he did not even know the name of the gentleman who had bought the place in the boat. A letter to the cap tain, who was still at Shields, only revealed the name, Mr. Ferguson, but a singular chance gave the honest mate a better and clearer clue to his whereabouts. In passing along the outskirts of the town, while in a dubious state of mind as to whether he could possibly do any good by again calling on Mrs. Lochrie, he happened to catch sight of the name, 'Mr. Ferguson,' on a large and shiny brass plate, in front of a preten tious looking villa. He did not for a moment think that this was the man he sought ; but the sight of the name in some way prompted him to a wise course — he went straight along to the Post-Office, and asked for a look at the Directory. There he found such a mass of Fergusons, piled one on the other, that he was well-nigh appalled, but at last he came on one which seemed in a faint way to indicate the man wanted. This was '-Joseph Ferguson, commission agent,' whose business premised and dwelling-house were both distinctly recorded. A few enquiries and sonie^smart walking brought him back to the villa, whence he had started, and as the hour was not a late one, he boldly rang the bell, and ' asked if he could see the master of the house. The servant girl stared at him dubiously and suspiciously, retired for a moment or two to consult her employers, and then returned to say that her 'master was not at home.' 'Are ye sure?' said the sailor, with a keen look into her face ; for he had heard much shuffling of feet and hasty whisper ing behind doors before the message was brought out. ''Quite sure,' said the servant, who doubtless had such lies 'considered in her wages.' 'He's away at the North, on business.' ' When will he be back ?' 'I couldn't say.' ' ' You mean you don't want me to come back ?' sharply put in the sailor. ' Then I'll disappoint you, for I'll come back every day in the world till I do see hini.' ' You needn't trouble yourself, for he won't see you,' unguardedly blurted out the girl. ' And why ?' ' Because you're a sailor ; and he told me I wasn't to admit any sailors, for he couldn't see them.' ' Oh, ho ! Pr'aps he thought it would be disagreeable — unpleasant like, to the tune of twelve hundred pounds ?' cried the mate. 'I think I see through his shifty sailing and skulking. My name's Tom Flint, and I'm precious determined when I take it into my head ; so ye can just tell him it's all o' no use wi' me, 'cos I'll come back an' for'ard till I see him. I've no doubt he's in there, in the first cabin, listenin' to what I say; an' that's why I speak it out loud to let him know. He's a d ? well, I won't swear, but I can say he's a pison mean hunk of a thief without the rest. Good arternoon, miss. Ye're a pretty gall, but ye're a horf ul liar for all that.' He walked away as he spoke, keeping up a very dignified look till he was out of sight of the villa, and thenthe troubled look came back to his face, while his steps got slower and less decided. 'I ain't a good hand at this sort o' busi ness,' he said at last to himself, shaking his head very gravely. 'I ain't half fly enough. If 1 could get hold of a very fly p'leeceman or peg, and take him along with me, p'r'haps the mean pirate might get frightened and fork out. I wouldn't mind standin' the peg five bob out of my own pocket if the old woman got her due.' While he spoke he happened to raise his eyes, and then saw one of the police pass ing slowlv along on the other side of the street. In a moment he had crossed the street, and anxiously tackled the man. 'As a matter of opinion, now, who would you think was about the flyest^and sharpest man among you pleecemen?' he cautiously enquired, after feeing his counsel with a lump of sailor's plug. ** Do you mean among the police or the detectives ?' asked the man. ' Detectives ? — detectives ? That's them chaps that detect villins, isn't it?' reflec tively put in Tom Flint. ' Y. eai' : ', u Ay— it's them I meanV Which ,''is',*tn«» flyesfc among 'em ?' k '. 'Well, there's one McGrovaa, up x» Edinburgh, gefe a great name.' ' ' That's tneinan for me— where doeshV anchor?' ' ' His address — oh, I can write it out for you; but you could see him just as well at the head ofiice.' a Write away then ; 'cos I may h&ei; him to-morrer. I'll give the viliin another: chance yet/though— that's only fair. Thank^ ye— I'm much obliged to ye,' 'and caref uHjr pocketing the scribbled address, he how made for the home of Mrs. Lochrie in the Kirkgate. On his way thither and whlli passing along a wide street near the docks be came full upon Mr. Ferguson's place of business, and thinking it too good a chance to throw away, he first peered in through the gauz-blinded windows at the busy cierlbr and then walked straight in. 'Master in?' 'No.' 'When will he be in?' ' Was it anything particular ?* ' Yes, very partic'lar ?' 'Then he'll be in in half-an-hour — it** always about six when he comes back from dinner.' ' Thank ye — I'm much obliged to- ye,* joyfully answered Tom Flintr fumbti&g; in his pocket for a lump of ' sailor's plug,' which he held out to the scented dandy at the desk, 'There, mister, have a bit ?' The clerk stared and shuddered and looked so like he was becoming sick or going to faint that Tom bad to t*W back the proffered gift rather hurriedly. 'Well, you'll shake handa wi'me? I must shake hands wi' somebody,' continued Tom, offering his brown and horny paw; 'Bear me, what a peculiar manr'sai4 the clerk, with some impatience, 'Well, there,' and he put forth his lily white hand anxious to get rid of the troublesonie stranger. Tom Flint's fingers closed on the sof t hand like a vice, and in an instant the clerk was squirming about, yelling himself hoarse with the agony of the pressure, and then while he was feeling the bruised - joints and gingerly pulling them to restore the circulation the sailor laughingly made his escape. lie found Mrs. Lochrie still bowed with grief, but able to listen more calmly to his relation of the peculiar incidents, and when he had finished he had little difficulty in persuading her to put on her bonnet and shawl and walk with him as far as- the premises of the commission agent. The saroejlandy clerk received them. ' Master in now Pr said Tom* 'Yes. Who shall I say ?J' ' Oh, never mind any name — juat say- it's , a gentleman called about a- very vaiy'ble commission.' The clerk disappeared into a back room — there was a dead silence for some minutes — and then he reappeared looking very grave, indeed. ' I am sorry to say — ahem — that I was — that is — mistaken. Mr. Ferguson is not in Ms room.' ' What ! are you as good a liar as th« gal at the house ?' blurted out Tom Flint. ' Look here, Tm goin' in there !' he slowly added, pointing in towards the private room with his brown finger. ' And if any oae wants to be knocked down they'd better try to stop me !' He walked straight in a&he; spoke, witk Mrs. Lochrie following close at his heels,, and the terrified clerk gaping at him with stupefied amazement. . With a thundering' knock at the door of the room, the eailoc turned the handle and walked in. A gentleman seated at a table desk covered with books and papers, started up angrily as they entered ; and Tom recognised at a glance the man who had bought the place in the boat. Mr. Ferguson turned white, as much with anger as fear and. chagrin, and boldly snapped out — ' Well, what is the meaning of this- in. trusion ? What do you want ?' ' Ob, me ? I don't want nothing,' coolly answered Tom Flint, as innocent of grains mar as of guile, respectfully placing a.chair for Mrs. Lochrie. ' Then get out again as fast a& you like before I call for the police,' cried the merchant, with a thundering blow, at the table. 'Oh, no you won't. I don't think you'll call for them, seein' that I'm goin' to em ploy on my own hook the very cleverest and flyest of detective men — McGovaa — if . you don't fork out.' The merchant bit his lip and sullenly re sumed his seat. ' This is Mrs. Lochrie, the poor mother of the young chap that gave up his place in the boat for a consideration to you. You'll maybe remember on it ? Twelve hundred pounds it was to be,' and Tom, calmly seated himself on another of the office chairs and helped himself to a good cut of sailor's plug. 'I don't understand what you're raving about,' cried the guilty merchant,, blushing painfully. ' I got the place in the boat be cause I had the best right to. it, having paid for my passage, while the man you speak of was only working his.' ' But ye was to give his mother twelve hundred pounds,' persisted Tom Flint, stopping his hard chewing in amazement. ' Fair sailing now — ye remember that.' ' 'I remember nothing of the kind—' when did you hear me say it ?' sharply re turned the merchant, beginning to get more courageous. ' Well— well'— and Tom took off his hat to scratch his head in a puzzled way. ' I didn't exactly hear ye say it; but he said — he cried it over the side — the poor young chap did — and we all heard him— he isaid it was all for his mother.' 'I've nothing to do with what he said/' rejoined the man of business. 'Them must always be two at a bargain, you know.' Tom looked at him for a full minute without answering, and then his words burst out — ' Well, if this don't beat the lawyers t You'd almost make me believe I'm standin' on my head and chewin' a bit of oakum in stead o' the best sailor's plug. Well, ain't you an unprincipled old pirate arter all? Til need to get tne flyest of pegs to you, that's straight.' 'It is nothing to me what you do,' haughtily returned the merchant. ' Being safe, I am perfectly indifferent.' 'But my laddie, whose life ye stole by & trick, daeye think that was naething to me I' cried the bereaved mother, starting to her feet with the tears in her eyes. ' Ye'ya robhit a widow, an' yell never prosper in this warld. My bitterest curse descend oo 34.f4 yerheid-4Ijpray thatye^nt^^ieiayerbed ! JbefqretJiree daysare come and gone.' ? ; She tottered from the room as she spoke, and the sailor slowly foUowedr though not before lie had time to note on the pallid face of the merchantiiow deeply *be words had sunk into his craven-soul. The eweat : had started from his brow — his eyes ap peared to be,protruding from their eoakets, and a letter :he had been writing was clutched convulsively into -a crumpled mass in his hand. He even appeared half in clined to call them back; but the sailor only nodded his head significantly and left . him to fckithoughts. Next day I was rather surprised by a visit, &t; my own house, from Tom Flint, whom I of course, had never «een or heard of before. After giving1 his name, he pulled «nt acaaavas bag, from which he took four shillings, a sixpence, and sixpence in coppers, all of which he carefully ranged on the table before me. 'There,' he said, 'Til stand you that out of my own pocket for pulling up a villin, and making him fork out,' and then he in his own way related to me everything Ihavieker-ejpufcdown. 1 When he had finished, I first made him put back the five shillings in his canvasbag, and then explained that though J: was willing to help him in any way in my power, the ease was scarcely one for the police. *' You will have to sue the man ia the Court of Session — an expensive job at all times— and even then, I scarcely think you will make anything of it. You can put him on his oath, to be sure ; but the man who could deny such a solemn obligation would probably scruple little at a false oath, but Til tell you what 111 do for you. Give me the names and addresses of all the crew who heard the compact, and with their evidence to hack me, I have, no objectionto go down to this man and reason with him — say the day after to-inorro w' Tom Flint was in ecstasies at the last mentioned plan, and immediately pressed on me about half-a-pound of sailotfe plsg. Two days after, with about half a dozen letters in my pocket, most of them dated from Shields, and speaking most emphati- : cally as to the agreement, I met Tom Flint . by appointment at the foot of Leith Walk, j and went with him to the office of Mr. Fer- : gu8on. I asked for the master of the ; establishment, but the clerk, with a hushed awe that I knew could not fee simulated, j replied — i'lam sorry to say that Mr. Ferguson is ill — very ill — indeed, we have just got word from the house that he is not expected to jecover* _ ' Indeed, I amsorry to hear it. What is the trouble, do you know?' ?M A kind of fever, I believe. Indeed he has never been well since this man came here a few days ago ;' and the clerk indi cated my companion, who nodded with some exultation. We left the office, and were slowly mak iiig our way past the docks, when a sudden exclamation from my companion attracted my attention; and, turning in surprise, I was just in time to see him flop down on the pavement, with his eyes wildly fixed on a young man, rather shabbily dress ad, who was approaching from the opposite direction. 'It's his ghost!' he hoarsely muttered, corned up from the bottom of the sea to haunt the cheatin' viilin on his deathbed. But he might ha' gone round some other road, so as not to meet me. He has no 'easion to haunt me, ar&r; me sticMn' up f or his old mother— ah !' The young man came closer, and with a cry of joy had bounded forward and seized his hand. 'What! it's the mate— if s Mr. Flintafter all P he cried shaking the limp hand as if ? he would never tire. ' Tm glad to see you ! You see, I didn't go down after all. A French sloop hailecUme just as I had given up all hope, and I was carried off to Boulogne, where I had some difficulty in getting a passage home. Bat I've managed it at last ; and now I'm going straight to my old mother's ; she'll be glad to see me, though, as usual, I've come back without a penny in my pocket.' At the touch of the warm hand, Tom Flint had seized it and shaken it with a force that almost made Lochrie dance with agony ; and then, after about a hundred ex planations, we took our way in a body to the home in the Kirkgate. The door, how ever, was closed and locked; but a neighbor running out at the sound- explained that *' Mrs. Lochrie had been ca'ed oot unex pectedly by the man that had cheated her? who was deein', and was wantin' to gie her the money to ease his mind/1 We left very quickly, and, guided by Tom Flint, took our way to the outskirts of the town to Mr. Ferguson's villa. It waB with great difficulty 'we got permission to see the sick man, but we managed it at last ?, and then occurred a scene which it is. useless for me to attempt to describe. He : was propped up in bed, supported on either side, signing a paper, which he with some difficulty handed to Mrs. Loclirie, who was now in tears, and thoroughly sorry for hav ing uttered the hasty words at the office, which in her simplicity she blamed as the sole cause of the merchant's illness. But theinoment the paper which made over to the old woman the twelve hundred pounds had changed hands, the eyes of the sick man fell on our strange figures, and became chained in horror to tke face of Lochrie. ' There ! There ! see it ! he has come !' he gasped out, and then he dropped away in a swoon, while the poor mother, turning with* a start, gave a sharp scream of joy, and flew at her son with a wild swoop, which only a mother can make, and clasped him tight in her arms, while she kissed him as if she would never be satiated. Some commotion ensued, for Mr. Fergu son was in such a weak and precarious con dition that at first it was feared that he would never recover consciousness, but when he at last opened his eyes, and found Lochrie a living, breathing man, supporting him, and heard the poor mother saying tearfully, ' Weel, I'll never again wish evil to befall a fellow creature, for it wad be sure to come true,' he smiled faintly and eaid— 'I feel so much better now. Give him the paper— it's his by right. Perhaps Til not die after all.' / Hie cheq ue was placed in Lochrie's hands, butheonly tore it into shreds ; and thus I had to leave them. But they settled it in their own way after. Mr. Ferguson recovered «veniually ; and fcfe first order was that Locbrie should be taken into his office at a liberal salary. The ' ne'er- dae^weel n pros pered In bis new post; and showed surpris ing quickness and energy. Ultimately, I believe, David Lochrie was awarded a share in the business; and .thus it was that the man who had failed at every thing, in the' endmade a position by selling Jiis life* 