CARDINAL NEWMAN. -/ A brief paragraph in the snmmr of the latest European intelliger' an nouncing that Dr Newman wpabonf; t0 attend the Consistory at Pome, and to leave it as a Cardinal ,-Af that ancient chnrch, may recal't._paj-?;ft componere matjnis — to those .-ho read it, another paragraph, equally brief, and almost as recent ; wlfrein it was proclaimed that a day ajg to be set aside by " The Emb assy," to enable Mr Berry to run down to Oxford, under the guidance of Mr ( Pearson — a Fellow of Oriel. Of Oriel, indeed, hut not of Oriel in the great years of its intellectual supremacy. The college remains, bnt the men have long since gone. From Oxford, where Court was held, and councillors of State attended, when the treason of traitors, first "hinted," and then outspoken and upheld, was nearing its fit consummation of regicide and murder ; from Oxford, the centre, in their tarn, of so many associations of so many generations ; there went forth, thirty-three years ago — the third of a century — the half of a life time — another Fellow of Oriel. His delicate love of all things beautiful and 'noble, penetrated by the charm of its dignity and grace, was yet so largely mixed with pain as to nullify the . force of its fascination. On no errand, in the mere wilfulness of a wicked propagandist!!, to disturb, in a distant land, the serenily and the loyalty of his countrymen, did Dr Newman quit the country which he, too, has bat lately, and as briefly, revisited. Not with a portly presence, in the fulness of bread, with the insolence of office, as the successful adherent of an unscrupu lous faction; but, like a ghost, the worn scholar canoe back to move and to meditate among the cloisters and the gardens, from which, in the ma turity of his manhood, his busy spirit was driven forward in pursuit of peace and rest. But, he at least, could trace the progress of growth and change — though, for him, it ended in reception into the Church of Rome — throue-h a _ 0 life which, consistent and complete, left him nothing to lament ; for he had followed unwaveringly where his con science led, though estranged from the communion of his fellows, and lost, perhaps, to a brighter and more endur ing fame. Strongly though the reasoning may be renounced, to which Dr Newman yielded, many pangs of kindred pain must be inspired for all who read the narrative, in f The Apo logia," of his confessions, in their simplicity and sincerity, as it reaches its final consummation. It is'a record of the keenness of conflict which, during a crisis of mental and moral tumult, im mediately preceded and accompanied his great determination, until the mo ment when he silently betook himself away. " I have never seen it since." Not place alone was quitted, but friends and fellow workers — pupils and dis- jjuu a low j auiuu uviug uic" morials, were left to prove, by their re ception of Dr Newman on his return, that the communion of friendship is deeper and broader than the com munion of divided churches. Dr Pusey was still at Christ Church, and, for aninterchange of memories, the friends met once more. And not as friends only, bnt as the foremost leaders in the great movement, since so widely spread, which was first manifested in " The Library of Anglo- Catholic Theology ;" and, yet more, in " The Tracts for The Times." They survived, though but to shake hands from separated folds. For both, the fever and the fret of life had ceased. For one — though perhaps still vivid, the memory of his former unrest — he came back to the scene of its history without the old distnrbing emotions. Tho warring forces had been appeased, and the consciousness of charm might have been revived, as each remembered spot was sought out where his spirit had led its highest life. The two foremost scholars of two among the mostf&mons; of the ancient colleges of Oxford, were again side by side. The meditative calm of age had succeeded to the passionate energy of their earlier years of man hood — the intervening period of their disunion regarded but as an uneasy dream. Universities throughout the world now — and amongst them the Vic torian — know too much of the morbid activity, which ruthlessly destroys the vestiges of the past, abolishing old scenes and sanctities, to make way for modem inventions, which but expose the shallow- nessjof their author's conceptions. There mast ever be regret that Dr Newman quitted the Church of England; nor would a church so hospitable, and so highly adorned, have driven him forth, had he himself felt free to continue within its pale. There may be those wh'b-re- jpice that they have not been led along the same lines, and to have escaped the influence of causes, which led even a soul so gifted to the adoption of theories of be lief we hold to be partial and erroneons. Dutj tuouii uD&bid; to subdue too enquiring energy of his spirit, the life of Dr Newman — alike from its rennnciations and its sincerity — has been a glory and a gain to English life, and will remain, long after he has passed away, the brightest example among the Fellows of Oriel. 