Chapter XXI1L ANOTUKI ■ OWJLNC AND NUTJIKI; HARVEST. A link or two more to the chain, dear reader, ami we have finished. Perhaps yen are weary already, and think that you have heard enough of those whose fortunes have been brought before you in this little history. Should it be so, pardon us, but bear with us a brief space longer, for there are a few words still to be said. We will suppose some years, say six or seven, to have passed away since Kdith and Uncle Humphrey stood together on that Christmas Hay by the side of little Katie’s bier. Changes have taken place since then—changes neither light nor unimportant. Our old friend Kdith has been Lady Oakonshaw these four years past. They spend the greater part of the year in the mansion of which Uncle Humphrey was so anxious to learn Kdith’s opinion.. It was Uncle Humphrey’s wedding gift to his darling child, and a noble gift it was. It is only sepa rated by the boundary wall of their respective estates from the old ancestral house where Uncle Humphrey and, we were going to say, Mr. and Mrs. Mason reside. It would scarcely be correct to say that Mr. ami Mrs. Mason reside there, for the fact is, that they are so often with Kdith, and their visits are so long, that it would be bard to say which of the two houses they consider their home. However, when they are about to return to Uncle Hum phrey’s they say that they are going home, and so we suppose we must, at least lor appearance sake, consider that as their home. It is not with any of them, however, dear and valued though, they he, that wc have to do to-day ; but the few words we have to say refer to Walter-generous, high-minded Walter. Walter being his uncle’s heir, it is no wonder that Uncle Humphrey, when he first came home from India, was very anxious that he should relinquish his intention of studying foi the Church. Uncle Humphrey, naturally enough, was desirous that the family name should be perpetuated, and he indulged for some short time in many a day dream, having for its ob ject Walter and the old family seat. Hut Walter never wavered. When the family name was but a myth, when the family possessions were only poverty and toil, M altei hadieccived a call which he had gladly obeyed. When ob stacles had stood in the way, be lomembeiod bow be had prayed that they might he removed ; and he remembered, too, how his heart had swelled almost to bursting when at length the way was opened before him, ami he was free to follow it; and was he to waver now, when mere worldy prospects were presented to his maze ? was he to sacrifice his vocation, his call to the “ better part,” for wealth or worldly honours? No. Surely not. Walter was very holy, and ho was very devoted, hut still he was only human, and these things <b<l arise before him once or twice in the shape oi a temptation, hut he quickly slmok them oil, and he never wavered. When Lncle Humphrey came down to see him, and pleaded long and earnestly for the family name and the family honours pleaded, 'indeed, till the tears began to run down bis face—W alter answered never a word, but taking his hand, led him away to the chapel. It was not until they had both knelt some time in prayer that 'Walter turned to speak to his uncle. “He that loveth father or mother more than me, the same is not worthy of me,” was all that Walter whispered in his uncle’s ear. Uncle Humphrey's head sank lower on his breast, and for some short time, a very short time, his strong frame shook with emotion. At length Walter, who knelt close at his side, heard him say, “ Thy wall be done, iny Hod, Thy will he done and in a moment more he rose to go away. When they were outside the door, Uncle Humphrey turned towards his nephew and took him by the hand. He held him for a moment or two, looking into liis face with much of love, and much, too, of reverence in hi.s gaze, ami then he took Walter in his arms and kissed him fondly on the brow. Once, twice, he kissed him, his honest face (juivering the while with emotion, and then he released him, and turned to go away. Uncle Hum phrey had not spoken a word, but Walter knew that he had made the sacrifice, and there was no need of words between them. The few years of Walter’s collegiate course have (prickly glided away, and the long wished for hut dreaded day has come at last. Walter is about to make the sacrifice for which his generous heart has been yearning for many a year ; hut as he thinks of the awful dignity which is to he put upon him, he trembles and shrinks, even now at the very foot of the altar. As he lies prostrate upon his face, whilst the solemn sound of many voices rises in earnest supplication for him to the saints of Hod, liis face is wet with tears, and wondrous thoughts are stirring strangely in his heart. 'Die light of a beautiful summer morning is streaming brightly down upon him, from the great east window over the altar. The college chapel is full of his companions, and their voices rise and fall in tones of earnest love and pious supplica tion : Omne* wnrti et scnichc Dei, int-eree/Vde pro nohht. Again and again the solemn strain goes up to Hod, and ere it goes, hovers for a while around the pure young soul who is postrate at the altar’s foot. Still he scarcely hoars it. liven when the bishop, a venerable old man, whose hair has been blanched by his labours in foreign lands, rises from his knees, and with mitre on his head, aud crozier in his hand, in vokes Hod’s Messing on him: Ut lunie elect inn he ne -r dice re, H .nnic/l 4- /iearc, et eon*/; + crave diifnerli. “That thou wilt vouchsafe to bless, to sanctify, and consecrate this thy chosen ser vant he is scarcely conscious of it. He hears the solemn words, and lie hears, too, the cry which ascends to heaven from every voice : To roynmuH, a,mil no*—“ We beseech thee, hoar us hut the sounds fall upon his ear as though he hardly heard them, lie would fain join in then, hut he cannot : his heart is too full of Hod for speecl'.. It is not the first time that he has felt (tod’s consolations, nor the first time that ho has felt his heart grow hot within him ; but never before has he felt the excess of love, the mystic moving of Hod within him, as lie feels it now. He cannot tell wliat it is, he could not explain it, could not give a name to it, did he try ever so hard, but lie knows it, lie feels it, it has entire possession of his every faculty, it absorbs every sensation of hia frame, and every throbbing of his pulse ; and he knows that it is Hod within him, and he neither knows nor desires to know any more. Ho would wish to he alone, that he might cry aloud ; he feels as if he must sol) out before them all, and he feels, somehow or other, that he should not do so ; he feels that there is hut one word which he could utter, and at the same time lie yearns to utter it, to cry out with all the power of his soul, “ My God, my love,, myall.” Oh, his heart is so full of Hod, and how can that one poor heart contain so much of love and bliss ? And as the solemn strain goes on unceasingly : T<\- roym/inn, and/, no*, what can lie do, but press his burning face closer and closer to the ground on which he lies, aud unite his pure young heart, with love still more and more ecstatic, to the Hod who is now enshrouding him with his heavenly sweet ness. Oh! the bliss of moments such as these; given, perhaps;, but to few ; given, in may be, to those chosen few hut once or twice in a lifetime ; lasting but for a few brief seconds when they are so given, but enduring for over in their effects. It is the soul alone who has felt them that can describe them, nay, not even she can describe them, for no human tongue can do that. It is moments such as these which turn men into saints ; which wean their hearts from every human affection, and draw them irrevocably to God, and which nerve weak men, and weaker women, for won derful deeds, but for deeds which the world calls mere folly, and for which it lias nothing but the cold sneer of disdain. Oli, yes, again, God’s ways are not our ways, nor Ids thoughts our thoughts, and it is well that it is so. lint the sacred rite goes on. lie is clad in the priestly vestemeuts, and -whilst the Holy Spirit is invoked by those around, his hands arc anointed and consecrated. “ Conseerare et sanctilieare digueris, Domine, manus istas, per istam unctionem, et nostram benedietionem. “ Lt (jUmcumipue benedixerint, bencdicantur, et (jua-eumpue eonsocraverint, eonseerentm* et sanctilieentur, in nomine Domini Xostri Jesu Christ!. ” “ \ ouelwafe, O, Lord, to consecrate and sanc tify these hands by this anointing, and by our benediction. “That whatsoever they shall bless, maybe blessed ; and whatever they shall consecrate, may be consecrated and sanctified, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.” Then he receives power to oiler the august sacrifice of the New Law ; and last of all, when he lias said Mass with the Bishop, the keys of God’s eternal mercy are placed in his hands, and lie is invested with the right to forgive or to retain the sins of man. “.Receive the Holy Ghost,” says the bishop, placing his hands upon the head of the newly-ordained priest “whose sins you shall remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained unto them.’’ It is over at last, and those who have been present begin to crowd round the altar, in order to receive the blessing of the young priest ; but they all instinctively draw to one side, to make room for a group which is ad vancing up the chapel, and towards which all eyes are turned. With his face bathed in tears, a venerable old man conies up to the altar’s foot, and humbly kneels before his son. No one attempts to step in before him, for they all feel how meet it is that such a father should be the first to have the anointed hand of such a son laid upon his head. It is a touching sight. The old man, bathed in tears, kneeling so reve rently before his son ; the uplifted hand of the son, and the heavenly look of his face, as he invokes God’s blessing on his father, is a sight to melt the hearts of all the lookers-on. When he had received the blessing of his child, the old man bent lover down still, and humbly kissed tlie hem of the priestly robe, and then turned away to make room for Walter’s mother, for Uncle Humphrey, and then for Edith, and her husband, Lord Oakensbaw. When they had retired, his companions pressed eagerly around him, for they were all anxious to receive the blessing of one whom they all loved so dearly, and who, from the first moment that he had come amongst them, had been such a niodcj to them of every virtue which they ought to possess, (To he. eontiiiiieil.) 