THE NOVELIST. THE CLOVEN FOOT. BT THE AUTHOB OJ? " LADT AUDLBT'S SJSOBIT/' ¿cc, &c.; 1 Tho Bolo right of publication of " The Cloven Toot" has been purchased by tbe proprietors of this journal from Miss Braddon."] CHAPTER XLL-Hits. EVITT MAKES A REVE LATION. "I eau remember that awful night as well as if i was yesterday," began Mrs. Evitt, making Btrang* swallowing noises, as if to keepdown her agita tion. " There wo all stood on the landing outsid< this door-Mrs. Rawber, Mr. Dosrolles, mo anc Mr. Chicot. Mrs. Eawber and me was all of f twitter j Mr. Chicot looked as white as a ghost Mr. Desrollos was the coolest among us. Ile tool it all quiet enough, and I felt it was a comfort tc have somebody there that had his wits about him It was Mm that proposed sending for a police man." " Sensible eaougb," said Gerard. " Nothing was further from my thoughts thar to suspect him," pursued Mrs. Evitt. "Ho had boca with me, off and on, for fivo years, and been a quiet lodgor, coming in at his own time, with his own key, and giving very little trouble, He had only one fault, and that was his liking foi the bottle. He and Madame Chicot had been very friendly. He seemod to take quito a fatherly caro of her, and had brough** her from tho theatre many a night, when her husband was at his club." " Yos, yes," cried Gerard, impatiently. " You've told me that often before to- night. Go on, for goodness sake. Do you mean to say that Dos rolles had anything to do with the murder ?" " Ho did it," said Mrs. Evitt, whispèring into the surgeon's ear. " How do you know P What ground have you for accusing him ?" " Tho best of grounds. There was a struggle between that poor creaturo and her murdorer. "When I went in to look at her as she lay there, before the doctor had touched her, one of her hands was clenched tight-as if she'd clenched at some thing in her last grasp. In that clenched hand I found a tuft of irongrey hair-just tho colour of DeBrolles's hair. I could swear to it." " Is that all your evidonce against Desrolles. The fact is strongly in favour of poor Treverton, and you wore a wicked woman not to reveal it at the inquest ; but you cannot condemn Desrolles upon the evidence of a few gray hairs, unless you know of other evidence against him." " I do," said Mrs. Evitt. " Dreadful evidonce. But don't say that I was a wicked woman because I didn't tell it at the inquest. Thero was no body's lifo in danger. Mr. Chicot had got safe off. Why should I up and tell that which would hang Mr. Desrolles. He had always baen a good lodger to me ; and though I could never look at him after that time without feeling every drop of blood turned to ico, and though I was thankful to pro vidence when he left me, it wasn't in mo to tell that which would bo his death." " Go on," urged Gerard. " What was it you discovered ?" " When the policeman had come in and looked about him, Mr. Desrolles says, ' I shall goto bed; j I ain't wanted no more, here/ and he goes back to his room, as quiet and as cool as if nothing had happened. When the sergeant came back an hour afterwards, with a gentleman in plain clothes, which was neither more nor leBs than a doteotive, them two went into every roem in tho houso. I wont with them to show the way, and to open cupboards and such like. They wont up into Mr. Desrolles's room, and he was sleeping like a lamb. He grumbled a bit at us for dis turbing him. ' Look about as much as you like,' ho said, ' as long as you don't worry me. Open all the drawers. You won't find any of 'om locked. I haven't a very extensive wardrobe. lean okeep count of my clothes without an inventory.' 'A very pleasant gentleman/ said the detective, afterwards." " Did they find nothing ?" asked Gerard: " Nothing, yet they looked and pried about very careful. There's only oae closet in the second-floor baok, and that's behind tho head of the bed. Tho bed's a tent with chintz curtains all round. They looked under tho bed, and they went BO far aa to move the chimney boara and look up the chimney ; but they didn't move the bed. I suppose they didn't want to disturb Mr. Des rolles, who had. curled himself up in the bedclothes and gone off to Bleep again. '.I suppose there ain't no cupboards in this room ?' says tho de tective. I was that tired of dancing attendance upon them that I just gave my head a shake that might mean anything, and they went down stairs to the parlours to worrit Mrs. Rawber." Hero Mrs. Evitt paused, as if exhausted by much speech. " Come, old lady," said Gerard kindly, "take a little of this barley water and then go on. You are keeping me on tenter hooks." " I don't know what put it into my head, but after the two men was gone I couldn't help think ing about the cupboard, and whether there mightn't bo something in it that tho detective would like to have found. Mr. Desrolles came down stairs at ll o'clock and went out to his break fast- as ho called it-but I knew pretty well when ho wont out of doors for his breakfast he break fasted upon brandy. If he wanted a cup of tea or a bloater, I got it for hun, but there was mor nings when he hadn't appetite to pick a bit of bloater with a slice of bread and butter, and thea ho went out of doors.'* " Yes, yes," assented Gerard, " pray go on." " When ho was gone I put up the chain of the front door, so as to make sure of not heine* dis turbed, and I went straight to his room. I moved the bedstead and opened the cupboard door. Mr. Desrolles had nokeytp the-cupboard, for the key was lost when he first came to me, and though it had turned up afterwards I hadn't troubled to give it him. What did he want with keys, when all the property he had in tho world wasn't worth a five-pound note Î" " Go on, there's a good soul." " I opened the cupboard. It was a queer, oh fashioned closet in tlxo wall, and tho door wi papered over just the same as the room. It wt so dark inside that I had to light a candle befoi I could see anything there. There was not niue to seo at first, even with a candle, but I wei down upon my knees and hunted in tho > dar corner, and at last I found Mr. Desrolles's ol chintz dressing gown, rolled up small, and stuffe into the darkest corner of the cupboard, under lot of rubbish. He'd been wearing it only a da or two before, and I knew it as well as I kne' him. I took it over to the window and unfolde it, and there was tho evidence that told who ha murdered that poor creature lying cold on her be in the room below. Tho front of tho dressing gown and one of the sieves were soaked in blooc lt must have flowed in torrents. The stains wer hardly dry. " Good Lord," says I to mysell " this would hang him," and I takes and roll tho gown up tight, and puts it back in tho cornel and covers it over with other things, old news papers and old clothes, and such like, just as i was before. And then I runs down stairs an routs out the key of the closet and talcos^ an locks it. I was all of a tremble while I did il but I felt there was a power within me to do ii I had but just pub tho key in my pocket, whei there came a loud knocking down stairs. Fron i the tirno Mr. Desrollos had gono out it wasn' I quito a quarter of an hour, but I folt pretty sun this was him back again. I pushed back the bed and ran down to the door, still trembling inwardly ' What thc-'(wicked word)-' did you put th chain up for ?' ho asked, angrily, for it was him I told him that I felt that nervous af ter last nigh that I was obliged to do it. He smelt strong o brandy, and I thought that he was looking strange like a man that feels queer in his inside, an( struggles not to show it. ' I suppose I must pu mysolf into a clean shirt for this inquest,' he says and then he goes upstairs, and I wonders withii myself how he feels as he goes by the door wher< that poor thing lies." i " Did he never ask you for tho key of th( closot ?" " Never. Whether he guessed what hac happened, and knew that I suspected him, I can'' tell-buthe never asked no questions, and thi closet has been locked up to this day, and I'v< got the key, and if you will como upstairs witl mo I'll show you what I saw that dreadful mor ning." " No, no j there's no need for that. Tho police are the peoplo who must seo the inside of thai closet. It's a strange business," said Gerard. " bat I'm more glad than I can say for Trevor ton's sake, and for the sake of his lovely young wife. What motive could this Desrolles have had for such a brutal murder ?" Mrs. Evitt shook her head solemnly. " That's what I never could make out," she Baid, " though I've lain awake many a night puzzling myself over it. I know 'she hadn't no money I know that him and her were always friendly up to the last day of her life. But Tve got my idea aboutit." " What is your idea ?" asked Gerard. " That it was done when lie was oufcjof his mind with delirius tremmgs." " But have you over seen him mad from the effects of drink?" " No, never. Bat how can we tell that it didn't come upon him sudden in the dead,.of the night, and worked upon him until he got up and rushed down stairs in his madness, and out that poor thing's throat." " That's too wild an idea. That a man Bhould be raging mad with delirium tremens between 12 and 1 o'clock, and perfectly sane at half-past 2, is hardly within the reach of possibility. No. There must have been a motive, though we can not fathom it. Well, I thank God that con science has impelled you to tell the truth at last, late as it is. I shall get you to repeat this state ment to Mr. Leopold to-morrow. And now get back to bed, and Bil send Jemima up to you with a cup of good beef tea. God grant that thia fel low Desrolles may be found." " I hope not," said Mrs. Evitt. " If they find liirn they'll hang liim, and ho was always a good lodger to me. I'm bound to speak of him as I found him." " You wouldn't speak very well of him if you had found him at your throat with a razor." " Ah," replied the landlady, " I lived in fear and dread of him over after that horrid time. I've woke up in a cold perspiration many a time, fancying that I heard his breathing close beBide my bed, though I always slept with my door locked and the kitchen table pushed against it. I was right down thankful when he went away, though it was hard upon me to have my second floor empty- and Queen's taxes, and all my rates com ingin just as regularlas when my houBe was full." Gerard insisted on his patient going to bed without further delay. She was flushed and ex cited by hor own revelations, and would have wil lingly gone on talking till midnight, if her doctor had allowed it. But he wished her good night, and went down stairs to summon the well-mean ing Jemima, who was avery good sick nurse, hav ing ministered to a largo number of stepbrothers and stepsisters through teething, measles, chicken pox, mumps, and ali the ills that infant flesh is heir to. George Gerard communicated early next day with Mr. Leopold, and that gentleman came at once to Mrs. Evitt's bedside, where he had a long and friendly conversation with the lady, who waa well enough to be inordinately loquacious. She was quite fascinated by the famous lawyer, whose manners seemed to her the perfection of courtesy, and she remarked afterwards that if her own neck had been in peril she could hardly have re fused to answer any question he asked her. Once master of his facts, at first hand, Mr. Leopold chartered a hansome and drove to the shady retreat where his client was languishing in durance. Laura was with her husband when the lawyer came. She started up, pale and agi tated, at his entrance, looking to him a3 the one man who was to save an innocent life. "Goodnews," says Mr. Leopold, cheerily. . " Thank God," murmured Latirá, sinking back I in her chair. " We have found the murderer." " round him," cried Treverton. ; " how, and where ?" " When I say found, I go rather too far," said Leopold, "but we know who it is. It's the man I suspected from the beginning-your second floor, lodger, Desrolles." Laura gave a cry of horror. " You need not pity him, Mrs. Treverton," said Mr. Leopold. " Ho's a thorough- paced scoundrel. I happen to bo acquainted with cir cumstances that throw a light upon his motive for tho murder. He is quite unworthy of your compassion. I doubt if hanging-in tho gentle manly way'in which it's done now-is bad enough for him. He ought to have lived in a less refined age, when he would have had his last moments enlivened by the yells and profanity of tho popu lace." " How do you know that Desrolles was tho murderer?" asked John Treverton. Mr. Leopold told his client the gist of Mrs. Evitt's statement. Treverton listened in silence. Laura sat quietly by, white as marble. " The young surgeon in Cibber-streot tells me Mrs. Evitt will be well enough to appear in court next Tuesday," said Mr. Leopold, in conclusion. " If sho isn't, we muBt ask for another ajourn ment. I think you may consider that you're out of it. It would be impossible for any magistrate to commit you, in the face of this woman's evi dence j but Mr. Desrollos will have to be found all the same, and the sooner he's found tho bet ter. I shall set tho police on his track imme diately. Don't look so frightened, Mrs. Trever ton. The only way to provo your husband's innocence is to show that someone else is guilty. I wish you cowld help mo with any information that, would put the police on the right Bcent," he added, turning to John Treverton. " I told you yesterday that I could not help you." " Yes, but your manner gave mo the idea that you were 2 keeping bock something. That you oould- and if you would-have given me a clue." "Your imagination-despite the grim real ism of polioe courts-must be very lively," " i h, I see," said Mr. Leopold, " you mean to stick to your text. "Well, this fellow must be found somehow, whether y¡>u. like or not. Your good name depends upon our getting somebody convicted." " Yos," cried Laura, starting up, and speaking with sudden energy, " my husband's good name must be saved at any cost. What "is this man to us, John, that we should spare him. What is he to me that his safety should bo considered before yours ?" " Hush, dearest !" said John, soothingly. "Let Mr. Leopold and me manage this business be tween us." 