DOGS AND GHOSTS. IT IS all very well to be a philosopher, and to make all sorts of investigations with all Borts of things ; but when it comes to trifling with the holiest feelings of an honest Scotch terrier, under the pretext of investigating his religious views, it is time that prying philosophers should be told to exercise some little self restraint and decency. AI. Comte, the philosopher who invented an ingenious religion, based upon the cheerful and sustaining doctrines that there is no God and that the soul ¡B not immortal, held that dogs have a religion closely resembling fetichism. An English philosopher, one Mr. George J. Romanes, who is evidently on intimate terms with dogs, but who is obviously undeserving of that precious privilege, has recently been investigating the alleged fetichism of dogs, and has decided that while they are not really fetich-worshippers, they are firm believers in ghosts and spiritualism. It is not with Mr. Romanes' conclusions that we need find fault, but with his methods of investigation. That prying and indelicate person-arrived at his al- leged facts by a series of experiments upon a Skye terrier of culture and refinement, which, if generally known in polite dog circles, would subject him to severo barking, if not to actual biting. His first experiment was made with a bone. This is alone sufficient to show the heartless irreverent charaoter of the man. If there is any thing which a dog holds peculiarly sacred, it is a bone. A terrier will submit to be de- luded by false representations that thore are eligible cats in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of rats, but he feels that bones are too sacred to be made the subject of jest. But what did Mr. Romanes do? According to his own confession, he tied a small silk thread to a bone aud gave it to a dog. After that animal had convinced himself that it was in all respects a genuine and substantial bone, the philosopher possessed himself of the end of the thread and drew the bone slowly across the floor. The astonished dog watched the unprecedented spectacle of an apparently self-moving bone with startled ears and terri- fied tail until he convinced himself that be was not dreaming, but that a ghostly bone had materialized itself in front of bis nose. When this conviction had mastered his mind, he fled, howling and with every symptom of terror, to his kennol, where he undoubtedly Bpent a mis- erable night, torturing himself with inquiries as to what this supernatural appearance might portend, and whether he had committed Borne grave sin in point af cats or rats for which the vision of the ghostly bone was intended as a punishment. Mr. Romanes argues from this cruel experi- ment that his dog recognizes the existence of supernatural things and dreads them. Of course the philosopher fails to notice that the conduct of thc dog was far more sensible than is the conduct of thc average man who thinks ho sees something supernatural. In all pro- bability had Mr. Romanes ever Been a piece of roast beef in the act of cruising unassisted round thc table, he would instantly have asked it preposterous questions, and would subsequently have let his hair grow long, and have become a confirmed Spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these things, but as soon as he decided that be had seen a spiritual bone, he refused to have anything more to do with it, and continued to «car his hair of the usual length, and to cling to that faith in which be was educated. Still, although the experiment proved that the dog was far superior to his master, it was a cruel trifling j with the most sacred feelings of hiB canine I soul, and the philosopher deserves to be classed I with the scarcely less cruel and far less mis ? chievous practitioners of vivisection. Not content with thii experiment! Mr. Romane» tried another. Hebleweoap- bubblee, suSered them to roll along the carpet, and called his dog's attention to it. It took soma time to convince the dog that they ware not a new kind of particularly dangerous rat, bat hs ultimately made up his mind to attack them. The first bubble upon which he placed bia paw instantly vaniabed, much to hu amazement. However, he waa not easily discouraged, and he attacked a second bubble with a similar result. Then there flashed upon him the re* collection of the ghostly bone, and be decided that soap-bubbles were also supernatural. Again he fled, manifesting every symptom of extreme terror, and has never since consented to remain in a room in company with even the smallest bubble. Finally, Mr. Romanes tried the dignified experiment of "making faces" at his unfor- tunate dog. Whether he is a handsome man in his normal state or not, he refrains from in- forming us, but it is oertain that he made his face so hideously ugly that the dog mistook him for a worse ghost than any he had yet seen, and thereupon crept under the sofa and tried to die. A world abounding in super* natural bones and soap-bubbles, and infested with an atrocious demon in the clothes, though not the likeness, of his master, had no further charms for him, and he preferred to leave it, and to hunt the unsubstantial cats of the other world, in the appropriate character of an un- substantial and ghostly dog. If that outraged dog had as little generosity as the average man, he would tell his miser- able tale to all bis acquaintances, and enlist their sympathies in his behalf. If this were done, Mr. Romanes wonld be fitly punished. Avenging dogs would lie in wait for him at every corner, and bite his sacrilegious legs. They would take turns in howling before bis midnight windows, until the lack of aleen would drive him into insanity, and they would finally convert his grave into a canine base-ball ground. He ought not, however, to be left exclusively to the vengeance of the dogs. He baa done his best to disseminate among dogs a belief in ghosts, which tends to unfit them for the duties of their station. This is a direct injury to every dog-owner, and Mr. Romanes should not be permitted to lead our dogs into evil ways with impunity. -.Met» York Tima. 