AMUSEMENTS. VICTORIA THEATRE. Lately we have been called upon to speak more than once of a very crowded house. Never has the term seemed more inadequate to express the real state of affairs than when applied to the condition of the Victoria Theatre last evening, on the occasion of the complimentary benefit tendered to Miss Augusta Dargon on her departure from Sydney. Every box-seat, and all available chairs, were taken up in the dress circle, while the space behind was crammed with visitors and from the ceiling to the floor the building was I filled to excess. The play chosen was Elizabeth, the Queen of England being impersonated by the heroine of the evening. Miss Dargon's wonderful interpretation of the last of the Tudors has received extensive notices from the colonial Press, and whatever may be the judgments on some minor points when compared with the performances of other great artistes, all will agree that the portrayal of the anomalous character is one of infinite power, and that it is an elaborate illustration of the definition given in trophy to Bacon by his uncle Burleigh. Elizabeth as a queen was great an eagle ; as a woman she was little, sometimes a butterfly, sometimes a viper. Miss Dargon has throughout her stay here, been at singular disadvantages for supporters, and from this evil her benefit performance was not 'exempt. Mr. Emery was, it is true, an excellent Burleigh, the over vigilant sagacious counsellor who for so many years was the main stay of his Queen ; it is much to be regretted that the two artists have not appeared more together, both would have gained. Essex was represented by Mr. Jordan, who though a little stiff in the first scene, soon warmed to his work, was a most gallant lever, and rose to real dignity in the scene before the Queen; he resented the historic "box on the ear with chivalrous indignation, which was so well manifested that the haughty Sovereign might well hide her head, and then try to banish shame by her blustering anger. Mr. Bartlett, though a capital actor in certain characters, was out of place as the philosophic Bacon: his robust appearance (no fault of his) could not harmonise with the sleek, insinuating courtier, who valued Francis Bacon more than all beside. James VI. always seems unnecessary, his presence is so contrary to history that we would gladly see the " part" excised, according to the play the Royal Stuart is very unlike the original, and the actor's version was an equally; great varia- tion from that intended by the author of the play. Davison, the injured Secretary, was fairly reproduced by Mr. Whyte. Of the ladies in attendance on the Royal A'irgin, Miss Watt-Tanner as Lady Sarah Howard, played carefully, and was effective in the " ring " scene, but surely she should change her dress ; the Court costume was quite out of place. Miss Dargon, as is her custom, dressed the character appropriately, her State robes were truly of regal magnificence. She displayed in the highest degree the haughtiness, the iron-will, the jealousy of her supremacy which characterized Elizabeth the vanity, the shameless mendacity which so tarnished her fame' as a woman, and yet brought into forcible play the thorough love of England, the desire for England's greatness which really ruled her heart, which made her, despite the many weaknesses she constantly exhibited, popular with her people and after the lapse of so many years, when the glamour of the chivalry which surrounded her has fallen from our eyes, she still lives in the memories of the descendants of her lieges as " Good Queen Bess Miss Dargon was painfully realistic in the emotional and dying scenes ; they are magnificent as studies, but too vivid to be enjoyable. The lady was recalled after each act, and positively laden with bouquets and floral trophies. After the drama was finished the curtain was raised and Miss Dargon was led on to the stage by Mr. Daniel O'Connor, and supported by the gentlemen whose names are attached to the address below. Mr. O'Connor said he had not prepared a speech, as he felt his subject was so good that the necessary words would come when required. (Applause.) He eulogised Miss Dargon's excellent and difficult representations in the. highest classes of dramatic literature, referred to criticisms that had appeared complaining of the lady's " brogue," and very cleverly, from his point of view, argued that Irishmen and Irish brogue had done all for England. " The leading star in the House of Commons was the vogue of Edmund Burke, the man who had crushed Napoleon and saved Europe in 1896 was the Irish Duke of AV Wellington; the brogue' of Sir Garnet Wolseley friended the Zulu war," and so on ad infinitum. For Miss Dargon, as actress, countrywoman, and friend, he expressed for himself and the vast coucourse-(immense cheers) the highest admiration and the deepest respect and esteem. He then proceeded to read the address, which was as follows :- " To Miss Augusta Dargon. " Dear Miss Dargon,-We, the undersigned, members of the committee appointed to give on our own behalf, and on that of the Irish citizens of Sydney, to express our high admiration of your dramatic ability, as well as esteem for your personal character. It is to us a source of honourable pride to find in you a countrywoman who has, by her genius, her versatility, and powerful impersonation of some of the most difficult characters in dramatic literature done honour and credit to old Ireland. In praying you to accept this necklet, locket, and purse of sovereigns, we do not up praise this testimonial for its intrinsic value, but because we feel it will serve hereafter as a souvenir to you of the genuine friends you have made in Sydney, and who pride themselves on being sons of dear old Erin. "Wa have the honour to be, dear Miss Dargon, your faithful countrymen, " PATRICK M'MAHON, J.P., Chairman. " JOHN J. TOOHEY, Treasurer. " DANIEL O'CONNOR, M.P. 1 TI C, ,, " JAMES TOOHEY j Hon- Secs" Mr. O'Connor then handed the jewel case containing a magnificent necklet with locket pendant set with brilliants, a purse of sovereigns, and the address to Miss Dargon. The lady was evidently much affected. She confessed she had prepared no speech. She was overpowered by the generous kindness of the many friends on all sides. She had come among them as a stranger, determined to do her best to entertain them, and that she had succeeded so well was, she felt, due not to her brogue, but to her "regal;" it had helped her, and she was proud of it. She loved dear Ireland, and also America, where she had spent twenty-one years, and she felt she had friends there-friends who were Irish, English, Scotch, and colonials. (Prolonged applause.) She thanked them from her heart, and should ever remember the present as the proudest moment of her life. After immense cheer- ing Miss Dargon recited Burns's poem, "A man's a man for a' that," and also Tom Davis's "Charge of the Irish Brigade," or Fontenoy. Both wore rare specimens of finished elocution, and were received with enthusiastic applause. . She was again laden with flowers, and the performance terminated very shortly before midnight. It is announced that in consequence of many persons having been unable to be present at the Victoria Theatre last night, Miss Augusta Dargon will appear again to-night in the play of " Elizabeth." The Theatre Royal was crammed again last night, and " Struck Oil" and " The Chinese Question ' were received with enthusiastic applause At the Queen's' IheGovoi nor ' played by Baker and Fmion's company and the dances of the Maoris y\ ent splendidly The 1 toques had another good house, and to-night there will probably be a case, for the C Aldis will take a benefit These wonderful gymnasts will tap then previous feats by performing a triple somersault in the air Mr Gus Wangenheim, one of our cleverest eancatunsts, will introduce his portfolio of artistic steaks. Miss Amy Holton, vocal and change artist, will appear, and Gialo, the per former of the new ml flight, will perform These items will be given in addition to the ordinary programme Professor Pepper, with his. ghosts and illusions, was, as usual patronised by a very large audience, and at Burton's Circus an excellent pro "running was well earned out 