latest Stavs. LOCAL COUET BUSINESS.—A letter to the Attorney-General, bearing the signatures of 58 members of the legal profession, has been drawn up, complaining of the many delays which take place in the office of the Adelaide Local Court, and stating that in the opinion of those gentlemen .the present staff of clerks—with whom no dissatisfaction is expressed—is insufficient to meet the requirements of the public. It is suggested that in order to prevent delays the record-book, as in England, should be divided alphabetically into three books, anl that the office of the Court should be kept open until 3 o'clock, instead of 2 as at present, so as to make the hours the same as those of the superior Courts and other important Government departments. This letter was handed to Mr. H. E. Downer, the Stipendiary Magistrate of the Court, on Wednesday morning, by a deputation of eighteen legal practitioners, with the request that he would forward it to the Attorney-General, with any suggestions that he might feel disposed to make with regard to it. Messrs. Pater, Nicholson, Symon,and G. Downer were the principal speakers, and in urging His Honor to request Mr. Bundey to direct the Clerk to make the required alterations, they pointed out that persons going to the officers of the Court on business were often delayed for as long as an hour before their turn came to be attended to. This was owing to there being only one record book and the insufficient number of clerks. From the latter reason the costs were frequently not taxed for four or five days after the cause had been beard, and moneys were not paid out for a considerable time after having been paid into Court. It was also mentioned that the closing of the office at 2 o'clock was very inconvenient, as that was just the time when luncheon was finished, and that the plaints which were left on one day could not be had again with the summons until sometimes two days after they had been lodged. Mr. Downer said hs understood from Mr. Rowland, the Clerk, that all processes were delivered to the suitors the next day, but he was assured that such was not the case. With regard to the other matters,, the S.M. said he believed the alteration of the record book as requested would require a legislative enactment, but as to the remaining points he would confer with the Clerk in order to see if they could meet the wishes of the profession, and be would then send their letter on to the Attorney-Geceral with his recommendations upon it. We are informed that the Clerk has himBelf complained tothe profession of the insufficiency of the staff. RIVEH, NEWS.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the undermentioned places at 9 a.m. on Wednesday, April 2:—Murrumbidgee— Gundagai, 2 ft., falling; Wagga Wagga, 2 ft., falling; Hay, 11 ft. 5 in., rising; Balranald, summer level. Darling—Walgett, both rivers falling slowly; Brewarrina, 24 ft. 6 in., rising Bourke, 25 ft. ; Wilcannia, 18 ft.; Menindie, 15 ft. 6 in.; Pooncarie. 11 ft. 2 in.; Wentworth, 4 ft. 3 in. Murray—Euston, summer . level. TEDEGBAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH STANS- BT3ET.—Messrs. Calder, Warm, Faulkner, Yeo. and others, who forwarded congratulatory mesto His Excellency the Governor, the Minister of Education, the Mayor of Adelaide, and the Superintendent of Telegraphs, on the occasion of the opening of the telegraph office at Stansbury, have received replies from the gentlemen referred to, expressing the hope that the establishment of telegraphic communication will tend to increase the prosperity of the township. STANSBUHY TELEGRAPH OFFICE.—A notice poBted at the Post Office states that a new Telegraph Office has been opened at Stansbury. DRAWEES' ASSISTANTS.—The annual meeting of the Adelaide retail drapers' assistants will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. MR. LANDEEGAN.—We understand that Mr. A. Landergan intends leaving Adelaide very shortly, he having accepted the offer of tbe Vestiy of St. John's Church, Christchurch, New Zealand, to again become organist and choirmaster of that Church. We believe Mr. Landergan wished to withdraw from his engagement, but the Vestry refused to allow him. We are glad,' however, to hear that his stay in New Zealand Is not likely to be loag, and that he will probably return to Adelaide. SOCVENIBS OF THE PABI8 EXHIBITION.—It will be remembered that the several Commissioners to the Paris Exhibition were presented with large photographic likenesses of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales. Most of these were given in England, but His Excellency the Governor, Mr. C. Peacock, MJP., Mr. D. Murray, J.P., and Mr. W.jKay, JJE\, received their copies by the last .mail, not having been present at the time of the distribution. ASSACTT ON THE POLICE AT WALLABOO.—The ¥. P. Advertiser of April 1 gives the following particulars of a serious disturbance which took place between some sailors and the police at Wallaroo on Thursday evening, March 27: The men had been drinking and got fighting among themselves at the Wallaroo Inn, and Constables Donnegan and Cullinan, at the instigation of the landlady, attempted to clear the bar, when they were attacked by several of the sailors and very roughly handled, Donnegan especially being much cut with a knife and otherwise knocked about. Subsequently, on attempting to arrest the men, Lance-corporal Smith was also severely handled, and the assistance of Messrs. Bews, Burton, Friek, Gepp, Beaton, Brock, and Young had to be obtained «»fore the men eould be taken into custody. Constable Donnegan was so severely injured tliat he had to be removed to the Hospital, and «uld not appear on Friday to give evidence. were brought up on remand on March 31, when Constable Donnegan and Mr. Brock gore evidence, and they were all comtTe^pS^So^^1" fcbeBe * t8ifctiD * S of g THE WATEE SUPPLY.—It is satisfactory to learn that the measures which were taken by tbe Commissioner of Public Works for preserving the limited supply of water contained in the two reservoirs, combined with the cooler weather lately experienced, has had a beneficial effect. On Monday there was a depth of 30 feet 1 inch of water in the Thorndon Park Reservoir, and of 7 feet in the Hope Valley Reservoir, which latter has not been drawn from for some time past. It is not true, as reported in certain quarters, that a prohibition has been issued against the use of water in building operations, the only restriction besides the discontinuance of street and garden watering being that the working of hydraulic lifts has been stopped, as it was found that at Port Adelaide especially a great deal of water was used in this way. With the possibility of no rain falling for some time it is still necessary that care should be exercised in the consumption of water. LECTUBE ON EPHESCS. —To celebrate the opening of another session in connection with the Flinders- street Baptist Bible' classes, a tea meeting was held on Tuesday, April 1, and afterwards the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LTKB., the pastor of the Church and the President of the senior class, delivered a lecture on " Ephesus, There was a large attendance, and at the meeting Mr. R. C. Mitton presided. Mr. Mead visited Ephesus four years ago, and he was therefore able to speak from personal inspection of many of the ruins that now mark the site of the famous old city and of the wonderful Temple of Diana which once stood near there. He mentioned that Mr. J. T.Wood and the authorities of the British Museum spent £16,000 in exploring for the remains of the temple, which were not discovered till 1869— just Bix years after Mr. Wood began his work. The most interesting parts of Mr. Mead's lecture were his description of the Temple and the image of Diana, and especially of the grand old theatre where the Apostle Paul undoubtedly stood when Demetrius had raised the hubbub agpinst him for preaching the gospel, and when Paul had to stand up and defend his conduct. This theatre was capable of seating over 50,000 people. Among the -ruins were found inscriptions which unmistakably confirmed the authenticity of some of the New Testament records. The lecture was illustrated by several excellent diagrams and sketches drawn by members of the class, and by photographs and specimens collected by Mr. Mead. During the evening musical selections were rendered in good style by the Misses Marshall, K. Weller, Hughes, Charlton, and Everett, and Messrs. D. Williams, jun., and Charlton. EQUITY COTJET.—His Honor the Primary Judge sat in Equity on Tuesday, April 1. In the matter of the Parara Mining and Smelting Company, Limited, the Hon. C. Mann,*for the petitioners, stated that it had stood over to allow the Company, for whom his learned friend Mr. Gwynne appeared, to wind up its affairs voluntarily, and the first meeting had been called for that purpose, and now he asked the Court to allow the matter to stand over for three weeks longer. Granted. The petition in re theYelta Mining Company was also postponed till after the hearing in Giles v. Wooldridge—probably Friday. His Honor said as to the petition in the matter of the South Australian United Vineyards Company, Limited, that he would not take it, as he had an interest in the Company, but his learned colleague Mr. Justice Boucaut would hear it. The hearing in re Giles v. Wooldridge on motion for decree occnpied the attention of the Court for the remainder of the day. The reading of the bill and answer and the evidence took nearly four hours, after which the Court adjourned till half-past 10 o'clock this morning. The counsel engaged are Mr. Symon with Mr. Stuart for the plaintiff; and the Hon. C. Mann, Q.C., with Mr. Wigley for the defendant. ADKUUDB PHILOSOPHICAL SOCIETY.—At meeting of this Society held on Tuesday evening, April 1, there was a small attendance, Professor Tate being in the chair. The Hon. Secretary announced that donations of the following books had been made to the Society during the month:—"The True Theory of the Earth and Philosophy of the Predicted End," by an anonymous author; "Observations at the Adelaide Observatory for July, 1878;" and several copies of Dr. Schombargk's "Annual Report upon the Botanic Garden." Professor Tate mentioned that he would like at an early date to supplement the information which had already appeared respecting his recent journey to Eucla, but_ Mr. U. N. Bagot suggested that some information upon the subject of artesian wells would be interesting. Professor Tate thought that those who wished to obtain infor- mation upon this subject should pay for it. It was not within the province of a Society sucb as that to furnish information upon subjects which were treated upon in elementary works. Most of the members possessed that elementary smattering, at least. The Hon. Secretary then read Mr. Otto Tepper's paper upon " The Rocks and Cliffs at Ardrossan," of which the following abstract has been furnished by the author:—" The cliffs consist of the surface soil, a sandy or adhesive red clay, limestone concretions, alternate clays and gravels showing false bedding, and variegated red-and-white argillaceous sandbank. They are from 50 to 80 feet high, perpendicular, and, especially the lower portion, strongly impregnated with saline ingredients, thus in a great measure accounting for the saltness of the well water. The few and fragmentary fossils contained in this last stratum are the same as those of the next succeeding, which has been termed the ' Torritella Grits,' from its most characteristic fossil, Turritella Aiding® (Tate), occurring in it in immense numbers, and proving its age to be Lower Miocene or Upper Eocene, the oldest Tertiary rock hitherto discovered in the colony. These grits overlie conformably several beds of clay, &c.;, and abound in marine forms of life, such as oysters, sea- urchins, &c.; These, again, overlie a fespathic sandstone and other rocks (unconformably), which rest, also unconformably, upon fine-grained, yellowish or pink saccharaid limestones (Ardrossan marbles), which may prove to be splendid ornamental building material. The latter is easily obtained!' Other rocks occurring in the vicinity of Ardros- I san are ferruginous shales, mica, slate, and hornblende-shists, the latter in immediate proximity to granite, apparently intrusive, short discussion ensued. CONGEEGATIONAI. UNION OF SOOTH AuS- TBALIA.—The annual meetings in connection with this Union were opened at Stow Church on Tuesday, April 1. A very hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring Chairman, the Rev. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., for his services during the year, special mention being made of two very able addresses he delivered during his term of office. The Bev. J. McBwin, of Hindmarsh, was elected Chairman for the current year, and (the rule having been altered to allow of tbe Chairman being chosen a year beforehand in future; Mr. Augustine Stow was unanimously elected Chairman of the Union for the year 1880-1. Mr. Stow (who is a son of the late Bev. T. Q. Stow) will be the first laymati who has occupied such a position in South Australia. At the evening meeting the Bev. McEwin delivered the usual Chairman's address. The meetings are expected to occupy four days. CHCBCH OF ENGLAND JAT THE SEMAPHORE.— The church which has been erected by members of the Anglican communion at the Semaphore will be used for public worship for the first time on Sunday next, on which occasion Canon Farr, who has returned from a diocesan tour, will officiate. The formal opening of the church is, we understand, to take place when the necessary preliminaries under the regulations of the _ Diocese are completed and the Bishop is able to J name a Sunday when Ins engagements will per-1 mit him toopen in person. j 1 ENTKETAINMENT AT HINDMAESH.—On Monday, March 31, a concert WBB given in the Institute, Hindmarsh, in connection with the Bowden Tyro Cricket Club. In the absence of Mr C. C. Kingston, who had promised to preside, Mr. John Pickering, sen., presided. A lengthy programme, consisting of vocal and instrumental music, recitations, and the laughable extravaganzas entitled "Joe's Ghost" and "The Wigmakers," was carried out by Misses Sweet (2) and O'Sullivan, and Messrs. F. P. Townsend, S. Evans, A. E. Sbawyer, Sharp, P. Shaw, W. Hancock, Batch, and G. Gurr, Mr. A. Paddy acting as pianist. BEKEVOUEKTAKD STBANGEH'S FRIEWII SOCIETY. —The Committee of this Society held its usual monthly meeting on Tuesday, April 1, at the. Church Office; Hon. J. Colton in the chair The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hud of £4 5s. Id. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past month, amounted to £12 4s. 6d., being to relieve twenty-seven cases. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emerency during the ensuing month. 