Our Story Teller. AMANALE’S FATE. An Halt Indian Love Story, Continued. _ ,, His Billion obstinacy nngorcd Olio old man, .. and wlion asked at length, ho raised Ida man •, nolcd hands to heaven, nnd called upon his .' gods to say wliothor ho was a guilty man or ' -not, Ham lnll turned and said, bitterly, to the polico otllcor—“Take him into that outhouso yonder nnd show him a littlo of your polico . procedure.” Two of the policemen entored, , .followed by their officer, and shut llio door : upon themselves and their victim. Bam lnll, ■who fully appreciated the meaning of that •' throat of showing a prisoner a littlo polico " procedure, waited outside listening for tlio ' sounds ho know would come, nnd wliioh did come—the first-fruits to him of his dearly purchased rovongo. Tlioso sounds came, but no groan of pain, no cry for mercy. Ho lis tened intontly, and hoard a scuflling of feet, a rapid whispering, and all was still. Ho waited and impatiently ; minuto followed minute j still thnt fatal door did not open. What devil’s work was in progress within p Slid ' denly the door was oponed an inch or two, nnd tho chief polico officor, with bnro head, ghastly yellow face, and terrified eyes, beckoned him in, nnd shut tho door quickly after him. Bam lall peered about in the dark room until, in a corner, ho discerned his vic tim lying dead. This had been tho result, then, of showing him thoir procedure, or, in plain words, of attempting to mnko tho man confess to a crimo lie hnd not committed. Tho constables, with tho sweat pouring like rain down their faces, nnd tho gallows vividly boforo them, stood trembling with abject ‘ terror nt the deed they hnd done. Then the Durognb, throwing his turban nt tho feet of Bam lull, besought him, snying — “ Oh, ' Patnil, you aro our father, our mother, nnd all our kindred; we know nono but you j wo hnvo dono this thing in serving you, nnd you must savo our necks. If wo linng, you must ' most certainly hang too j so, in snving our necks, savo your own nlso. You must pay us and pay otliors, but payment will not do all ' things. We did not mean to kill tho muu— wo morely pressed him to nnswor some ques tions, and ho died in our hands j but you aro our king nnd master; you must nnd enn save us.” Thus linving spoken, nnd after cover- < >,ing tho body over with wood nnd straw, tho •four guilty ones crept out of tho room, and shutting the door, took counsel together how ; to dispose of the body. In tho menntimo a ■ sentry wns placed over tho door on tho out- - J side,,to make it npparent to all comers that - ' tho prisoner was within, nnd also to keep all f intruders on tho dreadful secret inside from I .entering in. It was agreed that at night tho ( , body should bo thrown into tho great well at ' tho bnck of tlio houso, and it should bo given out in tho morning that tho prisoner hnd escaped. AVlien the body came to tho sur face again it would bo appnront that, in ro morso and despair, lio hnd committed suicide. : Thus settled, Bam lall re-entered his abode to face tho. inmntes thero, and one of them in '.’particular, with a very troubled heart indeed. . Tlio long hot hours pnssed wenrily away, and at last tlio. fierco hot wind, tired of its boister ous Mowing, died away, tho hour of lamp lighting!' drew near, "tlio gossips authored round the houso, and, sitting' on them heels, ’ condoled with Bam lall on tho loss of his pro perty, complimented tho polico on their skill, and cursed tho culprit for a wizard and a thief j for it wns given out that the prisoner 'had. confessed to tho theft, and was to be taken to tho station-houso early next morn ing j and when it wns told them that ho had ' endeavored to connect other and respectable persons with tho case, tho curses against him " wore 'redoubled." ’ ! Tho evening grew on to night—tho soft clear Indian summer night—tho villagers de parted ono bo one, nnd soon only tho accus tomed night sounds broke tlio stillness. • In tho second watch of tho night the great wooden gates of tho Patnil’s court-yard wore softly oponed, and Bam lnll himself, with the' same stealthy tread ns that with which he had on tho previous night gone forth on his evil errand, stoppod forth into the road, gazed and listened, held his breath and listened, then beckoned with his hand, and there issued out of the gato threo men bearing something hav-: ing the similitudo of a human body. With .rapid, silent stops, without a word or a whisper,: they passed like ghosts in the gloom; soon a faint splash broke for an instant the-silenco of tho night, and four figures ropassed with guilty footsteps through the gateway, and once again the groat doors were softly shut. \- Long before dawn thero enmo tho prisoner’s! ■ brother and little sister to the gate, knocking! and ■ asking to be allowed to’accompany their! . brothor. Immediately there wns no small stir ■within, and the news went forth that, the' .prisoner hnd fled: for tho police, in their tender morcy towards him, had loosed his' , hnndcuffs that ho, might sleep tho easier. . There was then no more of liis guilt.. But his' brother seemed to have strnngo doubts and i fears, and hung nbout Bam lall all day, ask ing for his brother, crying to him to, deliver ! up hisbrotber. Then said Bam lall: “ How ! ■ do you say I have gotyour brother ?” “ Ay!” : said the young man j “ you hnvo killed h'im, ! and Bugwunt [God] knows it.” Then Bam : lnll, in consultation with his friend the polico i officer, whose men lmd of course gone to hunt j up the escaped prisoner, drew tho young man " into a, Bhod, nnd, having gagged him, hung - him,by one arm to a lofty beam, and left him, , saying, “ Eomember, I am master hero; say i again what you have just said, and the ropo . shall ^go round your neck instead of your j The crowning incidents in this village ^ tragedy had yet to b° enacted; Two days ' passed away, throughout which the Entail's young wife had, after tho im,pulsivo fashion i of1 her race, mournod hr.j. lost lover, and j called for vengeance oh her hated husband. Lnrly on the moraine, of tll0 third day, when tlio first faint blu ^i, 0f (]llWn reddened tho sky, tho girl nro^o and wandered out toward i that great well 8^e jla(p Ti8;tod once or twice before. Her i1C[U't was soro within her, and . she had det em;nect that she would run away , from the cruei old tyrant who owned her, and e’rjowhere for tho lover she had lost. VVnor i 8ho reached the well slio sat down on ( J .! low parapet which surrounded it,, and < y' jkod down into tho depth of tho cool dark ’ 'water which hnd so often, fascinated her 1 .before. As sho gazed the old thoughts came ] back again to hor, and sho began to wonder i liow it would bo with hor if sho wore lying still and dead down bolow. Suddouly it iieejped to hor tlint tho still waters grow troubled and tromblcd, nnd in a' moment ; ‘there rose up, ns though1 to’ moot nnd claim ■her!'from their dark depths, with arms up raisod and joined hands uplifted, as though , praying to her for vengeance on his destroyer, ■ tho dead body of her lover. Tlio waters had given up their dead j their terriblo secret ..was disclosed. With a wild cry the girl (started to her feet, staggered forwnrd, and , fell heavily into the well: hor lover’s grave became her gravo too. ., Tlioro is little need to dwell on the closing scenes of this sad story. Enough to Bay that, by dint of sowing money broadcast, Enin lnll ' managed to hush tho matter up. Inquests . were hold on tho bodies, verdicts of suicide ' returned, and aftor a whilo the story began to 1 bo forgotten. It. wns not until six months had elapsed thnt Munomm’s brothor plucked up oourago to go ill and tell his story • to tho officials of tho district, nnd then at last tho wliolo affair oozed out. Witnesses pwhoso lips had hitherto been closed from dread of tlio nll-poworful Bam lull camo for ward i tlio policemen confessed tlicir share in that wicked night’s work; and all concerned ■. wero brought to trial, nnd received tho punish \- nient thoy hud so justly merited. 1HD, 