flMSST THE BOSKS. UTEBARY BIISSIP. . Mrs, Mortimer Collins will very soon bring out a . new edition of .her husband's ' book, "The British Birds ;; a. Communication from the Ghost of Aristophanes." This work has been for. Bome time out of print. The first volume of Messrs. Cassoll's new venture, the Magazine of Art, is now finished. Both in point of illustration and excellence of letterpress it ranks with the most success ful of this firm's popular publications,. Miss Ilhoda Brougliton is said to be en gaged on a new novel, whose central purpose Jb to hold the " Pre-Raphaelifces, ".Esthe tics" and the world of "higher culture" generally, up to ridicule. A new and corrected edition of ; JamieBon's " Scottish Dictionary" is in preparation, under the editorship of the . Rev. ' James Taylor, D.D., formerly Secretary, of the Board of Education for Scotland,) The Itonmania Libera announces that i its circulation in Bessarabia has been forbidden by the Hussion authorities. Such an inter dict does not comparo Tory well with the blessings promised iu the proclamation of the Russian Governor when he auuouaoed the retrocession of the province, - ' Dean- Arthur I'enrhyn Stanley is said lo ho the original Arthur who won' the" heart of Tom Brown at Bugby, by kneeling down at his little bed, in the -presence of a. rough crowd of boys, and saying bis prayers before retiring. ' i At a lecture which Mr.' Stanley, the, African traveller, delivered, lately at Cam bridge, some of the undergraduates behaved very badly. Mr. Stanley noticed the ' dis turbance by stating 'that nothing he had hoard since he left Iuterior Africa rcmirided , tho native from Mtesa's country so much of the shouts and shrieks of the cannibals as did the cries of the young gentlemen of Cambridge University, and /bis report to-the groat Emperor of the., scene would '.be very curious. ' . j .. ....... Mr. C. W. Caddy, who contributed a paper on the Morals of Politics to the last number of tho Melbourne Ecoieto,, fcels; some what aggrieved at tho remarks made iu our critical notice of that periodical, to the effect that his paper consists of " an ambitions but futile attempt to imitate Mr. Mallook's Now Republic." , In a letter we have re ceived from him he says, "I have: never read or heard of Mr. Mallock, except in a hack number of the Nineteenth Century, where he discusses the question, 'Is Life Worth Living ?' And as 1 only got hold of that two daj's ago, and have not yet read ;it through, 1 am unable to say to what , extent my article, written six weeks ago, may be influenced by Mr. Mullock's speculations or style. Bub I don't thinlc the traces of Mr, Mallock's invention c n bo .very strong. Prom an abstract of Mr, Mallock's work, given to me by a friend who has read it, I can find no trace of similarity between the lleview article and it ; and I have come to the conclusion that the gentleman who wrote the notice for you has either not- read my article," or has not read Mr. Mallock's. If he has read both, perhaps it would not be too much trouble to point out in a line or two at foot in what respects the plans of the two resemble each other so closcfly as to have led him to say positively that I ape Mr. Mal lock." Mr. (Jaddy is too sensitive. lie has not been charged with plagiarism, and there Is nothing intentionally offensive in suppos ing that he had attempted to imitate-, a writer of eminence. It was something in his stylo, we presume, or something in his subject which suggested the idea of resemblance betwean his paper and Mr. Mallock's New Republic. But what of thst? Mr. Caddy should deem it no small praise, for Mr. Mallock's New Republic is au un commonly clover book. Mr. Moncure Conway in his London letter to tbo Cincinnati Commercial sbavt3 a query as to tho probability of the parents of the human race being negroes, One of the recent discoveries, lie says, made from the Babylo nian Cylinders may possess some interest for your colored readers. It is now a pretty familiar African version of the fall of man that Adam and Eve were negroes, and only when they had sinned and heard the Creator calling were their faces Bbricken with that pale hue whioh has continued among the more sinful races. It now appears from the earliest tablets on the subject that there is more ground for this traditiou than it, has hitherto been credited with— at least so far as the color of the first pair is concerned. The tablet is in the British Musucm, brought by tho late George Smith. An inscription marked "K. 3304," contains iu it an account of the creation of man by the god Mir-Ku noble crown). "To fear them (the gods) he made man : the breath of life was in him. May lie (the god Mir-Ku) be established, and may his will not fail, iu the mouth of the dark races which his hand has made." This is the earliest allusion iu ex- istence to tho Biblical account of creation, and it distinctly points to the first race being dark. This confirms what Sir Henry Rawlinson said long ago, that Adamn meanB "dark race," in distinction from " Sarku," light race ; and George Smith thought that the acconnt (Genesis vi) of the oons of God marrying the daughters of men, Meant the Sarku intermarrying with the Adamn. It appears, therefore that Adam was a' negro;-' It may be added that when this Adam (not a proper name, but meaning dark man) bad Binned (the tablet does nob say in, what way) the god Idea's liver was angry, and the father Elu pronounced man's curse, which tho sad history of the African race renders curious : "Wisdom and know ledge hostilely may they injure him . . . may be be conquered . . . his land, may it bring forth and he not touch it . . . his desire shall be cut off and his will un answered . . . the opening of his mouth no god shall take notice of . . , his back shall be broken and not healed . . . at his urgent trouble no god shall receive him." There is good reaBOu to believe that, after the dark race had been captured, it was found in old times as convenient to explain their subjection by a legendary curso as it was, some thousands of years later, to claim that America was piously fulfilling the curse on Canaan in continuing the same race in slavery, Mr. Gough, the great temperance orator, is at presont in England lecturing on his favorite topic to large and enthusiastic audiences. The Echo, describing his oratory, says : — Mr. Gough'a efforts are not exclu sively addressed to the emotions. He gene rally starts with aii argument, and what fol lows ib either an amplification or illustration of it, or an irregular series of minor propo- sitions leading up to or running parallel with it. He is not always logical — an eloquent advocate seldom is ; but ho is never consci ously unfair. He states an opponent's case with perfect precision, but in refuting it he sometimes misses its strong point. Ho has 'an, unerring eyo for the flaw in Lis oppo nent's harness, and an unerring blade for 'piercing it. He hits hard, and ho hits faBt. Guard after guard falls under his resounding blows, till his opponent lies trampled under 'his feet. 1 His humor is as pronoanced as is his1 vigor,- and is used as unsparingly. It is a thoroughly argumentative humor, and, while it amuses the audience, answers the purpose ;of making an adversary ridicu lous quite as well. It is thrnst into tho -main line of' discourse when it is least ex pected, but it alw a propos to the point tho' speaker - - wishes to press home. Then there' is Mr. Gough'a pathos, produc ing the same) result,' ; though :in a -different manner, as his liumor. .Itis always at' the orator'sibomruand,' and is iuterjected as sud denly (in to tli e lecture' as astroke of hnmor or a telling story. ' Bo. rapid '-is- this change of. style, so closely does ; farce tread, upon the heels of: pathos," that yon can often" see among- the: audience broad smiles breaking over tear-stained faces.- We confess at times Mr. Gongh's fun is somewhat too ;bioad for; so ' painful ' a subject. The mimicry, admirably done, is mirth-compel ling ;': -'bnb - to ' -lnimio 'the staggering and stuttering: of a drunkard, and the decrepit movements of a child with a curved spine, or suffering from -epilepsy, ig, we thinkj be neath -the dignity of- snch an oocoaion. These exhibitions— we -use tlie word In no -offensive sense— coming, ..perhaps close after ; something altogether out of harmony 'with them,' produces at times a painful and jar ring impression. F ortuuately, the rush and -whirl of Mr. Gough'a eloquenco give his audience no opportunity of nursing such a feeling. Long before any attempt can be made , to analyse a painful impression, a pleasurable one is excited, or tho emotions of the audience hayc bceu turned into a new channel, hurried along by a power tbat can neither understand nor resist. It is not easy to account for this extraordinary power. 