NEWS OF THE DAY. THE cable is still interrupted, but we continue to re- ceive from day to day instalments of overdue messages brought by steamer to Batavia. Our London news of this morning comes down to the 3rd instant. It will be seen that the report of the appointment of Mr. Pope Hennessy as successor to Sir Hercules Robinson has not been confirmed. The reported march of the new Ameer of Cabul to Jellalabad, and his submission to the British re- presentatives there, also proves to be one of those rumoura that require confirmation. General Stuart's advance on Kandahar, and the preparations made by the Governor of the place for a vigorous defence, in themselves show that the war is not yet over, and the submission of the Afghans not yet made. Everything, however, appears to be proceeding satisfactorily. Affairs ia the East of Europe also appear to be gradually settling down into quiet. The British revenue returns for the past quarter show an increase over those for the correspond ing quarter of the previous year to the extent of £687,500, the total amount of revenue for the lost quarter being £19,000,000. The Government of Russia is still harassed by discontented subjects, whose last act is the publication of a circular urging "Young Russia" to destroy the present yoke under which theo» live. The first meeting of the Commission to carry into effect the International Exhibition will, it is stated, take place this evening at 4 o'clock, in an office at the Tree Library. Some misconception seems to have arisen in consequence of the Exhibition Com- mittee appointed by the Agricultural Society continu- ing their meetings ; but this, it appears, has been done to wind up their connection with the Exhibition, see- ing that the Government have taken it in hand, to settle some claims and accounts, and to prepare their final report to their society. The days of the old Sydney Infirmary are num- bered, for within the past week the work of de- molition was commenced. Already a great part of the roof has been removed, and yesterday a quantity of the building material was sold at auction. Soon this old Sydney landmark will have disappeared, to make place for a more suitable structure. The old Infirmary building was erected in the year 1814, in the time of Governor Macquarie, from tho designs of the Colonial Architect, by Messrs. D'Arcy Wentworth, Blaxcel, and Riley, on condition of receiving a certain quantify of rum from the King's store, and of having the tight to purchase and retail 15,000 gallons of ardent spirits annually, for four years ; and from thifl oircumstance according to Dr. Lang, it was knows al the Rum Hospital in the early times. The structurel at present used for the purposes of the Mint, and th« Parliamentary offices form part of the original design of the buildings, and remain as relics of the olden time, Trar-BBAT evening,, the first of the United Prayei Meetings held this year, in Sydney in response to the in- vitation of tho Evangelical Alliance, took place in thi |Tork-street Wesleyan church. There was a moderâtelj numerous congregation. The Rev. G. Martin presidid, and after a preliminary service, the Rev. Joseph Barniei gave an address on tho following subjects :.-" Praise to God for His long-suffering kindness and mercy; foi the goodness of His providence; and especially for salvation in Jesus Christ, and for the blessings enjoyed under the present dispensation of the Holy Ghost Thanksgiving for the cessation of war and the peaceful settlement of European questions ; also for the Divine blessing which has attended the international meetings and services held in the Salle Evangelique, the distri- bution of the Holy Scriptures, and other Christian work during tho Universal Exhibition in Paris. - Con« fession of unbelief and untruthfulness." Prayers were offered by the Revs. T. Johnson and T. S. Porsaith, and several laymen. A collection wa» made to defray expenses in connection with tho services, This evening the service is to be held at St. Barnabas Church, when the Rev. Joseph Barnier will preside, and the Rev. Dr. Steel will give an address. i ) The steamer Chrmbomo, of the Orient line, whos« arrival home was announced in our cable messages of yesterday, made the run from Adelaide to Plymouth in forty days. Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. have re- ceived a cable message from London stating that th« steamship Garonne loft Plymouth on the 81st December, with 407 passengers, and with the following cargo : For Sydney, 810 tons ; Melbourne, 650 tons; Adelaidej 260 tons. ' The Marine Board sat yesterday, and held two in« quiries, one into the stranding of the Blackwall in th« Bellinger River, and the other into the foundering oi the La Perouse between the Clarence and Richmond Rivers, particulars of which will be found in anothe* column. The inquiry into the loss of thebarqu« Onward on Bend Reef will take place next Monday. .{ Yss-erday morning the seamen and wharf-labourer« who had been on strike returned to their work, in ac- cordance with the terms of the agreement signed lad week, and the A. S. rT. Company's wharf now present« the old aspect of bustle and business. At first, however, it was feared a hitch would occur in relation to the workmen at the company's Pyrmont works, for the' Eight-hour Conference of the iron trades took up the cause of the four engineers who, it will be remembered,' were dismissed by the company on their refusing to light up the donkey boilers shortly after the strike com« menced. No referonco to the case of these men wa« mado in the agreement which terminated the dispute between the seamen and the company ; and the Eight« hour Conference of the iron trades, considering they had, as it were, been thrown over by the Seamen'« Union, raised a question which it was thought might lead to the workmen at Pyrmont refusing to reium« their duties yesterday morning. All returned to theil work, however ; and as two of the diemissed engineer, were reinstated in their positions in the company's «er -jSo_ «hortlv before tho strike ended, and the other two *«b Mt ¿tttfttíom elsewhere, there is little ground for SEXry »« now i. in his place, with the Sion of e few wharf labourers, and those seamen «h«e ships are not ready for sea, or aro at the present «meaway from the port- ^ company»9 business | Seo on as usual from fcxiay, but it may be some ü_e before trade ia as brisk as it was before the stake , Tai Borough Councils of Hunter's Hill and Ryde, ,t the invitation of the Mayor of the former (Mr. O. E. Jeanneret); were last Saturday conveyed in tho steamer __rt_us from King-street, round the men-of-war in íton Core, to Mileon's Point, where nil landed, and "¿ted in carriages to view tho fortifications at George's Bead finishing their land journey at the Spit, m Middle Harbour, where the steamer was waiting to-take them to Manly. Having arrived at the latter place the company repaired to the Ivanhoe Hotol, where a .nlendid dinner, laid out in a very tempting style, had ki» provided. After the dinner had pretty well dis noneared, a few toasts were given, and short speeches wera made by the two Mayors, Messrs. Aldermen Coulter, Herring, Caneo, Tomaghi, and Galo, Betting forth the advantages derived from municipal institutions over thoso of the old road trusts, &c; It being after 4 o'clock, the party started in the steamer, and arrived at Hunter's Hill a few minutes after 5, all expressing themselves highly delighted with the trip. A meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Asso- ciation was held at Tattersall's Hotel yesterday evening, to make arrangements in connection with the forth- coming match between tho English and New South Wales cricketers. Mr. E. Tooee was voted to tho chair. The hon. secretary stated that ho had been informed by "legrapb that the English team would orrivo hero »boat the 19th instant, and the New South Wales con- tingent of the Australian team not later than tho 20th ; also, that ho had been instructed to make j ¡»rangements for advertising the match, which is to | obmnwnce on Friday, tho 24th instant. Mr. Gibson farther, as ono of the selection committee, reported that the following sixteen players had been seleotedto prac ti» for the InternationalMatoh, vu., Allan, 0. Banner- man, A Bannerman, Coates, Evans, D. Gregory, E, Gregory, Garrett, Massie, Murdoch, Powell, Scale, Spoflbrth, Sheridan, Tindal and Thompson. It was arranged that the first practice should take place on Iridty next at tho Association Ground. , We have received a copy of the January "Letter " to the officers, seamen, marines, and marine artillery of the Boyal Navy serving on the Australian station. Itis edited by Mr. John S. Eheststen and is intended to awaken religious feelings in tho minds of those to Thom itis addressed. Tho publishers aro Messrs. J. aila W. Corrio Johnston. Tra following is a return of tin o» received at New cartle and Morpeth for week ending 28th December, 1878 :-From Tamworth to NewcasÜo, 8 tons 10 cwt ; from Tamworth to Morpeth, 7 tons 19 cwt. 2 qrs. ; total, 11 tons 9 cwt 2 qrs. Beturn of copper ore and ngubu received at Sydney station for week endbg 28th December, 1878:-From Bowning, 801 packages, 6 tons 14 cwt. 8 qrs. ; from Orange, 162 packages, 8 tons 6 cwt ; from Bowning siding, 1018 packages, 6 tons l8 cwt 2 qrs. ; total, 20 tons 14 cwt 1 qr. About 2 son. of Christmas Day, the dwelling of Mr. Petar Fletcher, in the borough of Leichhardt, was feloniously entered, and robbed of 12s. 6d. in money," one gold chain, two gold lockets, and sundry artioles of men's wearing apparel. Mrs. Fletcher was aroused by a noise, which she supposed was caused by an inmate of her house coming home, and on the way to open the door, was encountered by a strange man, who caught bor by the throat, preventing her from making on alarm, J and then threw her down, when he made his escape. I A man was apprehended on suspicion of being tho per- petrator of the outrage, and was brought before the Central Police Benoh yesterday, but, as Mrs. Fletcher waa unable to identify him, and none of the missing property was found upon him, he was discharged. It does not appear to be generally known that smok- ing is prohibited in George-street Markets. A man named Pratt was fined 6s. yesterday at the Central Police Court for a violation of this by-law. Tra death of a man named Robert Marr, who was found dead ina gateway at the Lighthouse Hotel, at the corner of Bathurst and Sussex streets, formpd the subject of an inquest yesterday. From the i evidence of Cameron Lang and others, it appears that ' deceased, who was a baker by trade, had been "hard up" for some time, and was permitted by the landlord of the Lighthouse Hotel to sleep in a loft over tho gale way in the yard of the hotel. On Saturday night tho deceased, who was oocasionaUy addicted to liquor, waa seen in the bar of the hotel under the influence of drink. Although not sober, he could then walk, and appeared able take caro of himself ; and later in the evening a witness named Ward saw him go up the ladder leading to the loft, where he slept Nothing more was seen of him till yesterday morning, when ho waa found by Lang at an early hour lying dead below the loft, with a wound on the top of his head. Dr. Dansey gave evidence as to the cause of death, which, he stated, was compression of the brain, caused by a blow or a fall on the head. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. An inquest was also held at tha Lighthouse Hotel respecting the death of a woman named Catherine Anderson, residing at 279, Sussex-street, who died suddenly on Saturday night Moy Ann Ohadwiok deposed that she knew deceased, who was a married woman, and lived with her husband. On Saturday afternoon she was at the dsceased's residence, whither she had gone to " drink a friendly glass." In the course of the afternoon the deceased complained of being unwell, and l»y down on the sofa, and a few minutes afterwards sho died. Dr. Bastió stated that he had made a post mortem examination of the body of the deceased and found that the cause of death was sanguineous apoplexy, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. The deceased waa addicted to drink, and had been drinking heavily of late. i We have received a copy of a very bandsomo wall calendar for the year just entered upon, published by the Colonirl Mutual Fire Insurance Company. It is printed in colours on strong cardboard, and is ornamented with coloured drawings of Australian scenery, which render it very pretty. Altogether it is finished in a luperior manner, and would bo ornamental as well as a useful adjunct to any office We have also received, from Moiirs. F. Cunninghame and Co., ono of their "visible "calendars. This almanac fully justifies its name, for it is printed in figures visible from one end of an ordiaary room to the other, even to shortsighted Pttsons. It is very nicely got up with tho days of the departure and arrival of the various European mails, srinted in different colours, and from this fact it would oo most useful to merchants. ¿ IEBBAT afternoon, three boys, while amusing khomselveson the Kandwiok Road, discovered the dead body of a man floating in a waterhole near the corner of Cleveland-8treot Thoy at once gave information of too &ct; to the police ; and the body, which was begin- ning to decompose, was removed to the morgue. Although the police have instituted inquiries, the body tai not yet been identified, and with a view to assist «Mm we publish the following description. The de o*»» was* man of apparently about 55 or 60 years of age,and 5 feet 10 inches in height; ho was of stout wuld, and wore beard, whiskers, and moustache, all of wuyh,,as well as his hair, were grey. Tho clothing on ,tteoody«__*tedof dark tweed trousers andvest.no «w nor hat, white shirt and under-flannel, and cotton .""wo«, and on the feet wera a pair of long stockings w. ST i088, "rho circumstance has been reported to «*. Shtell, the City Coroner, who will probably causo « inquest to be held this afternoon, {«tu?" ** Kkely to .» an important crusade against Sr_)_?Bce was instituted at the School-room of the »MfedHeartChurch last night by the formation of ~*^_,ninc« *x»oty. Tho proceedings were presided «roby theBev. T. S. Leonard, and a largo number of ç»*ms of both sexes took part in them, nir{ ***?**> the more interesting by the presence « the Paddington Band, the members of which played *T» hvely selections. Tho chairman explained tho ejects of the meeting, affirming at the same time that Z.-J?8anil,noroa8ine number of public houses in S T? "w*4;°e a means of fostering the habit of in S W.."í«Mtíi_ liquors, and gavo him the Tpr_Mon that his clerical duties wore adversely affected I;JiT_ailMS,1(!b placespromoted. Ho consulted "«neor his friends on this point, and it was very ^«Uy conceded by them that steps should betaken «prevent a spread of intoxication in their locality, and AbS T . e «8«»»ä»» of the Sacred Heart Total wmmTS? ^«L^1»«* he hoped both old and young tolJT Jh(LT' «"»«tanna was followed in his ***** tv Mr. P. B, Holdsworth, a widely- known t. temperance advocate, who exhorted all present to guard against the insidious temptations of drink, tad gave several illustrations of the pernicious effect» of yielding to them. Mr. Thomas O'Neill also spoke strongly against the use of intoxicant«, and vividly poutttayed scenes of poverty, sickness, and death, resulting from too great indulgence in it He called upon those present, especially the youthful, to take the "pledge, and pro- mised that they would never regret their action in that respect He argued that the first glass was tho worst for it created a taste for liquors no number of after glasses could satisfly. The down- ward road to a drunkard's grave was very quickly accomplished he said, and ho trusted that in three months' time there would not bo a-boy or girl in that parish not pledged teetotallers. If they becamo abstainers they would not only improve their moral, social, and religious conditions, but prove themselves, as a body, a shining light to the rest of the people in tho city. The deliberative part of the proceed- ings was brought to a close by an address from Mr. Daniel Dore, who claimed to bo a re- formed drunkard, and spoke eloquently in favour of the temperance movement He affirmed that ho could speak from practical experience of all the miseries of drunkenness and of most of the blessings of total abstinence. He was so favourabry.impressed with the advantages of teetotalism that he intended never to drink any more intoxicants, and ho hoped many there would adopt a similar resolution. His remarks seemed to fall on very attentive ears, for he was loudly applauded. Shortly after this -peaker had finished speaking about eighty men, women, and Children took the pledge, and tho »etfing was brought to a termi nation, A melancholy case of death, from intemperance, accelerated hy exposure, occurred lately near Blacktown. A man named Gilbert, residing opposite the Rooty Hill Railway Station, came down to Sydney during the Christmas holidays, with his wife>5 and Mm Gilbert, who is stated to have been of intemperate habits, indulged pretty freely. On New Year's day, when about to leave Sydney for home, Gilbert missed his wifo, hut thinking she had gone home he carried out his purpose of returning to Booty Hill by tho next train. Â8 hil wifo did not return that day or tho aoxt. tho police wero communicated with, and a search instituted. Nothing, however, was heard about the missing woman until Saturday last when her dead body was found in a perfectly nude state in the bush, about three milos from Blacktown station. The body was in an advanced rtato of decomposition, and the face was entirely oaten away by vermin, showing that the body must have Iain whore it was found for some days. Tho clothe., with tho exception of the boots which havo not yet boan recovered, were found at a distance of about three-quarters of a milo from the body, and were lying in a pile near a log. Tie clothing was not torn nor stained, and bore the appear- ance of having been placed there by the deceased woman herself, who is supposed to have wandered into the bush under the influence of drink, and after expo- sure had completed the work commenced by the liquor, to have undressed herself and finally succumbed from exhaustion. Dr. Waugh, of Parramatta, examined the body, and could find no marks o£ violence. On Satur- day Dr. Taylor, J.P., commenced a magisterial enquiry into tho doath of the deceased, which was postponed for the police to prosecute further enquiries. The funeral took place on Sunday, and was largely attended by the settlers and others in tho neighbourhood, where the event has created a profound sensation. Tire City Coroner held an inquest yesterdaj» at the Belfast Wine Vaults, Botany Road, on the body of James M'lvor, lying dead in the coaoh-house of the hotel. William Williamson, the keeper of the Bolf ast Wine Vaults, identified the body as that of a man named JaraesM'Ivor, who had beenstopping at the Wine Vaults for about a month, doing odd jobs in return for his shelter and food. On Saturday morning last witness tola the, deceased that he could not keep him any longer, 03 his ' (deceased's) wife used frequently to come to the hotel and quarrel with the deceased. Tho same morning when witness came home, after having driven out, tho groom took the horse into tho stable, and on coming back told him (witness) that M'lvor had hanged himself. Witness immediately went to the coach-house, where ho found the deceased suspended by his neck from a carriage-pole, the two ends of which rested on either wall-plate, several feet from the ground. The toes of the deceased wero about six inches from the ground, and close beside him was a beer barrel, on which the deceased had probably stood while fastening the rope round his neck. As soon as Mr. Williamson saw what had happened ho cut down the body, and sent for Dr. Hansard, but life was already extinct Mr. Williamson's evidence was corroborated by that I of John Cook, tho groom, who stated that he had last seen the deceased alive about two hours before he found him hanging in the coach-house. He then appeared sober and in his right senses. Dr. Hansard deposed that on Saturday morning ho I was summoned by Mr. Williamson to his house. On going to the coach-houso ho found the dead body of the deceased lying on the ground. The body was still warm, but the limbs were blue ; and round the neck was a swollen red mark. The cause of death was evidently asphyxia. Mary Ann M'lvor, the wife of the deceased, stated that he was 48 years of age, a native of Dun- gannon, and had lived in the colony 26 years. He was given to habits of intemperance. Eleven years ago the deceased had attempted to com- mit suicide at Paddington, for which offence he was committed for trial, but was not convicted. Witness had frequently heard deceased threaten to I make away with himself, The jury returned a verdict finding that James M'lvor died from suffocation con- sequent upon the suspension of his body, and that the hanging was his own act Sosi_Tnr_ ago we called attention to the fact that counterfeit preparations of Murray and Lanman's Florida Water were being sold in Sydney. Since then we see from the .argus that one James Graham, a hairdresser, was proceeded against in Melbourne under the Trade Marks Statute, 1864. The defendant said, he had offended in ignorance, and taking this into con consideration ho was mulcted only in the nominal penalty of 10s. The case however, coupled with what wo havo already stated, shows that commercial frauds i prevail to a greater extent than many people imagine. The burial of the late Mr. S. P. Winter took place under conditions the reverse of conventional. The Hamilton Spectator describes the circumstances as follows: The body of the lato Mr. Samttel Pratt I Winter arrived by the first train on Saturday morning, in a plain oak coffin, unpolished, and nameless. It was immediately placed in a plumeless hearse by Messrs. ' | Arnott and Botts, and at once conveyed to Murndal, whero a halt was called pending the preparation of a I grave. The place for this had been selected by the I deceased gentleman some time ago, and was at the top of the stony rise on which ho first camped when ho took possession of that part of tho country in 1837, and from which spot a splendid view is obtainable. All pomp was dispensed with, and there were only three mourners, viz., Mr. Trevor Winter, the brother of the deceased; Mr. Cooke, sen. ; and Mr. S. W. Cooke, who is under- stood to bo the heir of Murndal. A few of the station hands were to be seen about, and one old lady was said to have come from Portland to pay the hut token of respect to the deceased. Owing to the stony nature of the ground, it was found impossiblo to make the gravo more than 4 feet or so deep, and this having been done, the remains were placed in it, the funeral service was read by the Rev. S.i J. Cross, Church of England, and all was over. These simple rites were performed in accordance, we understand, with the request of. the de- ceased gentleman, who waa evidently a funeral reformer of a most advanced type. Further, he requested that no fence might be erected round his grave, no monument erected, but that stones should be heaped up over his body, and thus the last resting-place of the deceased will, like that of many men who have gone before, be marked by a simple cairn of unhewn stones, a landmark, to puzzle the geologists of the future, should no per-, manent record be preserved of the funeral obsequies of the first white owner of Murndal. In reference to the -moll majorities with which Constitutional Government has recently been carried on in Tasmania, the Australasian lum the following remarks-Our Tasmanian friends do certainly succeed in putting in its strongest Bght all that bean the ap- pearance of absurdity in the constltntional «yatem. "Pot a long time the Giblin Government existed practically by the majority of a singlo vote, and when the Oppo- ' sition had exhausted its oratorical artillery on the enemy, it was accustomed, as a, climax, to hurl its most withering scorn .on :-tho Vii miserable jua. joiity of one." It was by this n_ajority that the Government financial proposals were lately carried through the Assembly. However, some recent elections, which fell out rather unfavourably for the Government, transferred the majority of one to tho side of Mr. Reibey. That gentleman immediately experienced an enlightenment, and saw that when all was said, even the miserable majority of one was infinitely superior to a minority of the same number., He accordingly lost , no time in giving notice of a vote of want of confidence, and, relying on his sure majority of one he was content to treat the argumentative part of the debate in a very .superficial way. Indeed, in the little island colony, there is not much to debate about, as it is' difficult for the best trained export to distinguish between the principles and polioies of the two sides of the House. On this occasion, fortune was even kinder to Mr. Reibey than ho expected, as the accident of a Govern- ment supporter missing his steamboat gave him, on the division, the commanding and substantial majority of two. And now, as the result of this vote, tho Giblin Government has given place to the Reibey Ministry, and tho principles and policy of the outgoing Govern- ment will be passed over to the incoming one, which, in exchange, will transfer to the Opposition all tho right and interest in the telling gibe about the miserable " majority of one." Some inquiries have been made by the Mining Department (says the Argus) with regard to the alleged excessive cost of boring by the diamond drill. As reported in our summary for December, 1878, a com- parison was made between tho expense of putting down a bore in the Loughlin Company's alluvial claim at Kingston, and putting down another by the ordinary .method in the neighbouring alluvial claim of the Lone Hand Company. The result of tho esti- mate of the difference in cost at the time appeared to show a great saving in favour of the ordinary bore, tho diamond-drilling being estimated to cost £1 7s. per foot, while ordinary boring did not cost within SO per cent of this amount The great discrepancy in the estimated expense has caused Major Couchman to have a re-estimate made, and on an examination of the previous data it has been found that a great mistake was made in the estimate. A re- vision of the accounts shows that the total cost of boring with the diamond drill in the casd citee was only 18s. 7__. per foot, and if a greater quantity of work had to be done the average coBt would havo been reduced. The ordinary boring prooess in similar country has been found to cost £1 5s. per foot, showing that in addition to the speed of its work, drilling by the diamond costa considerable under the expense of ordinary boring. The diamond drill now at Castlemaine is to be removed to Sandhurst at the Great Southern Company's mine, at the southern end of the Garden Gully Reef. The character of the country in which the boring is now to take place is very different to that of the Castlemaine ground, being much harder and more compact The drill will therefore work under more favourable circumstances for the continuity of its boring. ^_ 