TALES AMD SKETCHES. ; ; i , ' O i i';;" ; . " r A NEW NOVEL,: v - .... . i BYiiMISS M. E. BRADDON., : , ApTnoR oy.."LAi)y Abdievb Secret," &o;,-, kcJ Chapier XII.—" He Belohqs to the Tauecat - >.' Species." ) ' Life wont on smoothly enough at the Abbey House after that evening. Violet tried to make herself happy among the Bhrronndings of her childhood, petted the horses, drove her basket- carriage witb the favorite old pony, went among the villagers, roue her thoroughbred bay for loDg wild explorations of tho forest and neighboring country, looked with . longing eyes sometimes at the merry groups riding to the meet, and went her lonely way with a heavy heart. No more hunting for her. Sbe could not hunt alone, and she had declined all friendly offers of escort. It would have seemed a. treason agidnst her beloved dead to ride across country by any-one else's tide. Everyone had called at the Abbey House and welcomed ;Mrs. Tempest and her daughter back to Hampshire. They bad been asked to a kettle drum at Ellangowan Park to see the marvellous orchid. 'They had been invited to half-a-dozen dinner-parties. - - ! Violet tried her utmost to persuade her mother that it was much too soon aftor her father's desth to think! of visiting. " My, dear Violet," cried tho widow, "after going to that : ball . at Brighton, we conld not possibly decline invitations here. v , It would be an- insult to our friends. . If we had not gone to the ball » ,V,. ' " "We ought not to haye»gohe," -eiclaimed Vixen. : ' ; '"My; love) 'you; should have 'said 1 so at the. time," ; ; " ' V.') !'-y ; "Mamma, ,you know I was) stpongly against (TVo.! 0 ' -) . ; !' - Mrs. Tempest' shrugged her shoulders its who hould say This is too much !!' , V "I know your dress cost a small fortune, and that you danced every waltz, Violet," she answered, "that is about all Ido know." "Very well, mamma, let us accept all the in- vitations. Let ub be as merry as grigs. Perhaps it will makie papa happier in Paradise to know how happy we are without him. He won't be troubled by any uneasy .thoughts about our grief, at all events," added Vixen with a stifled sob. "Haw irreverently you talk. Mr. .Scobel wonld be dreadfully shocked to hear you," said Mrs. Tempest, The invitations were all accepted, and Mrs, j Tempest was in a flutter about lier dresses for the 1 tost of the winter. She was very particular as to j exact shade of silver-grey or lavender which might be allowed to relieve the sombre masB of black ; and would spend a whole morning in dis cussing the propriety of a knot of scarlet ribbon, J or a border of gold passementerie, j They went to Ellangowan Park and did homage j to the wonderful orchid, and discussed Boder- I ijk's engagement to the duke's only daughter, j Everybody said that it was Lady Jane's doing, j bd there were ', somo who almost implied that j the had died on purpose to bring abont tho happy I juncture. ' Violet was able to talk quite pleasantty'uboitt the) xqarriSge," and lo agre with everyBoyV; prsiispB'><if Lady Mabel's .beauty,) elegance) godd style and generalperfectibn. , - \ 1 ' Christmas ; and. the New -Year went' by,' 'not altogether sadly. It is not easy for youth to be ( full of sorrow) The clouds coma and go, there are- always glimpses of sunshine. . Violet was grateful for the kindness that greeted her every where among her old friends, and perhaps a, little glad iif the evident admiration her beauty awak ened in all circles. "Life was just tolerable, after all) She thought of Bodorick Vawdrey as of some thing of the past; something which had no part, never would have any part, in her future lite. He too was dead and passed away, liko'hei falher. ;Lady Mabel's husband, the master of Briarwood in esse, and of Ashbourne in posse, was quite a different being from the rough lad with whom she had played at battledore and shuttlecock,' billiards, croquet and prisoner's base. Early in February Mrs. Tempest informed h'cr daughter that she wasigoing to give a dinner. ;o" It will seem very.' dreadful without dearest Edward," she said ; . " but of course, having ac cepted hospitalities, we are bound to return them." : " Do you really think we ought : to , burst : out ipto dinner-parties so Boon, ;mamma V " Yes, dear, as we accepted the dinners. If wo had not gone it wonld have been difforent." : ".Ah,". sighed Vixen, "I suppose it all began : with. that ball at Brighton, like ' Man's firBt dis obedience, and the fruit--—-'" r "J shall miss poor.M'Croke to fill in the invi tation cards.": . " Let me do it, mamma, . I can write a decent hand , That is one , of the few ladylike accom plishments I have been able.to master ; and even that is open to objection as being too masculine." j " If you woujd slope more,. Violet, and make," your up-strokes liner, and not cross your T's un- deviatingly," Mrs. Tempest murmured amiably. "A lady's T onght to be less pronounced. There is something too assertive in your consonants," Violet wrote tbe cards. The dinner was to be qnite a grand affair, three weeks' notice, and a French cook from tbe Dolphin at Southampton to . take the conduct of affaiiB in tbe kitchen ; where by tho Abbey House cook declared afterwards that there was nothing that Frenchman did which she conld not have done as well, and that his wastefulness was enough to make a Christian woman's hair stand on end. Three days before the dinner; Vixen, riding Arion home through -the shrubbery, after a long morning in the forest, was startled by the vision of a dogcart a few yards in front of. her, a cart which, at the first glance, she concluded must belong to Boderick Vawdrey. The wheels wero red; the horse had a rakish Airt .the light vehicle swung from side to ride. ; as . ; it span ; round the curve... No, that slim figure, that neat; waist, that mil itary air, did not belong to.Boderick Vawdrey. "Ho Lore 1" ejaculated; Vixen inwardly, with infinite disgust,., : " I hoped w'e had seen the last of, him," , ; . . . , ... ..j,, ., . She had been out for two.hpiarB and a half, and felt that Arion had done quite pnough, or she- would have turned her horse's head and gone back to the forest, in order to avoid this onwelcome" visitor,. ' . .. . - ., " I only hope mamina won't oncoiirage Lim to coihe here,'; elie'thought ; ',' but l'm. afraid that smooth topgub o.rhis! haB too much influence over her.. And I hayen'tevon poor Crokey to stand by me/ I shall feeb like a bird .transfixed by the wicked green eyes of a velvet-pawed murdering cat.""'' " : ' ' . . , "And I have not a friend in the world," she thought. "Plenty of. pleasant acquaintance, ready to simper at me' and pay mo complimonts, because I am Miss Tempest of the Abbey House, but not one honest friend to stand by me, and turn that man out of doors, Hpw dare be como here ? I thought I spoko plainly enough that night at Brighton.1' > She rode slowly up to the house, slipped lightly out of her saddle, and led her horse round to tho stables, just as she had led the pony in her happy childish days. . The bright thoroughbred bay was as fond of her as ,if be had been a dog, and as tame. She stood by .his mangor caresrihg' him while he eat hiB corn, and feeling very safe from Captain Winstanley's society in the sweet clover- scented stable. , She dawdled away half-an-Uour in this manner, before she went back to the„house, and ran up to her drftsing-room. " 3 " If mamma sends for me now, I shan't be able to go down," she thought. " Ho can hardly stay more than an hour. Oh horror ! he is a tea- drinker; mamma will persnado him to stop till five o'clock." Violet dawdled over her change of dress as Bhe had dawdled in the stable. She had never' been more particular about her hair. - " " I'll have it all taken down, Phoebe/' she told her abigail : "I'm in no hnrry." "But really, miss, it's beantifiil— " "Nonsense, aftor a windy ride ;' don't be lazy," Phoebe/ You may give my-hair a 'good brushing while I read," . „ ' A tap at the door came at' this moment, and Phoebe ran to open it. : ! : "Mrs. Tempest wishes Miss Tempest to come down to the drawing-room directly," said a voice in the corridor. s-- 1 ' "There now, miss," cried Phoebe/f'fiow lucky I didn't take your hair down, r It never was nicer." ' Violet put on her black dress, costly and simple as the attire Polonius recommended to his son, Mrs. Tempest might relieve hier costume with what bright or delicate hues she liked, Violet had worn nothing bat black since r her father's death. Her sole ornaments were a pair of black earrings, and a large black onamel locket, with one big diamond shining in the middle of it, like an eye. This locket held the squire's portrait, and his daughter wore it constantly. Tho Louis Quatorze clock on the ataircaso struck fivo as Violet went down. "Of course he is staying for tea," she thought, with an impatient shrug of her shoulders. " He belongs to the tame-cat species, and has an inexhaustible flow of gossip, spiced with malevo: lence. The kind of frivolous ill- atore which says, 'I would not do. anyone harm for the world, but ono may as well think the worst of every body.'"- Yes, . kettledrum was in full swing, , Mrs. Sco bel had come over from he tinj.vicarage for half< an-hpurtj chat/ and" was sitting" opposite' her hostess's firo, . while Captain Winstanley 'lounged with his back to the canopied chim- ioypiece, and looked benignantly doWn upon . )thp' two ladies) 'Phe Queen-Anne kettle was .hising merrily over, its spirit-lamp, the perfume otthepekoewas'delicious, the logs blazed cheer- , ily in the low fireplace, with its shining brass andirons. Not a repulsive picture, assuredly ; yet Vixen came "slowly towards this charmed circle, looking as black as thunder. Captain Winstanley hurried forward to rccoivo ber) . ' ' "How do-you do ? " she Baid, as Btiffly as a child brought down io the drawing-room, brist ling in newly-brushed hair and a best frock, arid .then turning to her mother, she asked curtly : What did you want with ino, mamma ? " " It was Captain Winstanley who aBked to see you, my doar. Won't you havo Borne tea ? " " Thanks, no," Said Vixen, seating horBolf in a corner between Mrs. Scobel and the mantelpiece, and beginning to talk about the schools. Conrad Winstanloy gave her a curious look from under his dark brows, and then went on 1 talking to her mother. Ho seemed hardly discon certed by her' rudedesB. " Yes, I assure you, if it hadn't been for the homers, Brighton would have been unbearable, after you loft," he said; ' ' I went over to Paria directly tho frost sot in. But ! don't wonder you were arixiouB to como back to Buoh a lovely old : place as this." ' I felt it a duty to come back," said Mrs. TempoBt, with a pious air; "But it was very sad at first, I never folt so unhappy in my life. Iam getting more: reconciled now, Tiipe softens all griefs." " Yes," said the captain, In a loador tone than befoTO, " Timo is a clever horso. There is nothing he won't beat if you know how to ride him.". " You'll take some tea?" insinuated Mrs;, Tempest, her attorition absorbed by the silver kettle) which was-justnow conducting itself as spitflreishly as any blackened block-tin on a kitchen hob. .' ) " I can never resist. And perhaps after tea you wilt be bo good as td give me .the treat you talked about jnst'now." , ' " To show you the house," sai Mrs. Tompeat. " Do you think we shall havo light enough ? " " Abundance. An old house liko'this is seen atits bestin the)iwiiight. Doa't you think so, MrB. Scobel . ' " Oh yes," exclaimed Mrs. Scobel) with a lively recollection of per album. " ' They who would soo Melroso aright should soe it . '-rl think, by- tho- bye, Sir Walter Scott says, ' by mooniight."' " Yes, for au anciqrit gothic abbey ; but twi light is better, for a Tudor mahor-boose. Are you sure it will riot fatigue you,?") inquired the. captain, with an au of solicitude, as tbs. Tempest rose languidly. , . , ; "No, I shall be very pioased toahowyoii the dear old place. It is full of sad associations) of course, but I do not allow my mind to dwell upon thorn " more than I can help." No," cried Vixen bitterly., " Wo . go to dinner-parties) and kettlo-drums) arid go into raptures aboiit orchids and 'old obina, arid try to cure our'' broken hearta that way." / , " Are you coming, Violot ? " askdd h'er mother sweetly. ' No, thanks, mamma. I am tired after my ride. Mrs. Scobel. will .help you to play cicerone?" Captain Winstanley left the room without so . much as a look at Violet Tempest. Yet her rudo - reception bad galled him more than any cross that Fate had lately inflicted upon him.. Ho had fancied that time would have softened her feel ings towards him, that rural Boclusion aail the society of rustic nobodies would have mado him appear at an advautago, that she. would have welcomed the brightness and culture of metropo- | litan life iu his person. Ho had hoped a great- deal from the lapso of time sin«o their last meet ing. But this sullen reception, this silent expres sion of dislike, told him that Violot Tempest's aversion was a plant of deep root. " Tho first woman who ever disliked me," he thought. " No wonder that she interests mo moro than other women. She is like that ches- nut mare that threw me six timos before I got the better of her. Yet she proved the best horse I ever had, and I rode her till she hadn't a leg to stand upon, and then Bold her for twice the money she cost me. There are two conquosts a man. can mako over a woman, ono to make her love him, the other " "That suit of chain-armor was worn by Sir Qilbert Tempest at Acre," said the widow. "The plate-armor belonged to Sir Fercy, who was killed at Barnet. Each of them was knighted before he was five-and-twenty years old, for \- prowess in tho - field. The portrait over the . chimney- piece is the celebrated Judge Tempest, who was famous for — Well, he did some thing wonderful, I know, Perhaps Mrs. Sco bel remembers," concluded Mrs. Tempest feebly. "It was at the trial of tho seven bishops," sug- , gested the vicar's wife. "In the timeof Queen Elizabeth,1' assented Mrs. Tempost. " That one with the lqca cravat and steel breastplate was an admiral in Charles the Second's reign, and was mado a baronet after the -repulso of tho Dutch fleet at Flushing. The baronetcy died with his son, who . left only ; daughters. The eldest married a Mr. Fercival, who took the name of Tempest, and sat for the : borough of— Porhaps Mra. Scobel knows. I hare such a bad memory for. these things ; though I havo heard my dear husband talk about them so often. Captain Winstanley looked round tbe great oak-panelled hall dreamily, and heard very littfo . of Mrs. TompeBt's vague prattling about her hus band's ancestors. What a lovoly old place, he was thinking. A house that would give a man importance in tho land, supported, as it was, by an estate, bringing something between five and six thousand a year. How much military distinction, how many battles must a soldier win before he could make himself master of such a fortune. . " And it needed but for that girl to like mo, and a little gold ring wonld havo given me tho freehold of it a|l," thought Conrad Winstanley bitterly. .How many penniless girls,; or . girls, with for tunes so far bonoath the mcasuro oi a fine gentle mari's needs aa to be nseless; had been over head arid dais in love with tho elegarit captairi '; bo.w many pretty' gtria' -'had tempted him. by their hpanty and wirisomonesa to bo false, to his grand principle that marriage meant promotion.- And herewas'an'obsMpateniirixwho.wduld havo rea lised all his oinSjrid whopii. he.falt himself able to love to distractKrri.'intg the bargain) and behold sorao adverse ddyil had entered into hor-tnirid, and made Conrad.-Jtf insb»loy hateful to her. " It'e liko witchcraft;" ho said -to himself. "Why should this ono woman bo difforent from all other womeri ? Perhaps it's tbe color. That ruddy auburn' hair, the lovoliest I over saw, means temper. But I conquered the chestnut, arid 111 ! conquer Miss Tempest— or make her smart for it." ' ) . '-"A handsome music-gallcry, is it not ?" said tho widow. " Tho carvod balustrado is generally admired," / ' ' Then thoy went into tho dming-room, and looked at about a dozen large dingy pictures of tbe Italian school,, which a man yvho know any thing about art would have condemned at a glance. Fine examples of brown varnish, . all of them, Thence'to the library, lined with books) which nobody had opened for a generation— Li vy, Gitibon, Hume, Burko, Smollot, Plutarch, - Thomson. These sages,' clad in shiny brown leatherand gilding, mado as good a lining for the. walls as anything else, and gave an air of snug- ness to tho room in which the family dined when there was no company, They camo pre sently to the sqnire'B den, at tho end of a corri dor. ' ; . "-That was my dear . husband's study," \sigbed Mrs. Tempest. " It . looks south, into tho rose garden, arid is 'one of tho prettiest rooms, in the house. But we keep it looked, and 1 think Violet has the key." , " Pray don't let Miss Tempest be disturbed. I lhave soon quite enough to . know what a delight, f ul house you have— all the interest of days that axe gone, all the luxuries of to-day. I think that blending of past and present is moat fascinating) I should novor bo a severe restorer of antiquity, or refuse to sit in a chair that wasn't undeniably gothic." " " Ah," sighed the vicar's wife, who was an ad vanced disciple in1 the sffhool of Eastlake, ' but don't you think everything should be in liar mony ? I£ I wore as rich as Mrs. Tempest, I wouldn't have so much as a teapot that wqs not'' strictly Tudor." ' , : ' - w; " Thenl'iri afraid a' teapot, and drink ypur teri;out'of ) a' tarikard," re torted jVinstahloy. \ /!fP" " At any rate) I would be as Tudor ' as I could be."-1 ' ;; . " And not have h brass, bedstead, a ' spring mattress) or a 6oaiScuttle in your house)" Bald the captain, "My dear .madam, it is all very well to bo modiseval in matters ecclosiastio, but home' comforts rinistriot.be suppressed in iho pur suit of tho D03thetio, or a modem luxury dis carded, because it iopks like an' anachrouism," Mrs, Scobel was delighted with Captain Win stanloy, He was just tho kind of man to suaoood in a rustio community. His quiet self-assurance set other people at their ease. Ho carried with him qri air of life and movement, as If he were tbe patentee of a new pleaauro. " " My husband would bo so pleased, to see you at the'vicarage, ifyou are staying aDy iinio in the neighborhood, " sho said. But after this little gush of friondtinoss, she reflected that thore could not be much sympathy between the man of society and her Anglican parson ; and that it was she, and not Ignatius Scobel, who would be glad to seo Captain Win- sianley at the vicarage) "I shall bo obarmed," he replied. " I never was so delighted with any place as your Forest. It ie a new world tome. I hate myself for Lav ing lived in England so long without knowing this beautiful corner of the land, I am staying with my old. phiof, Colonol Pryke, at War bam Court, and I am. only hero for a fow days." "But you are coming to my dinner-party?" said Mrs.,Tempest. " That is a pleasure I cannot deny myself." " And you will come aud see our church and schools ?" said Mrs. Scobel. " I shall be more than pleased. I passed your pretty little church, I think, on my way here. Thore was a tin tea a boll ringing ." For vespers," explained Mrs. Scobel. The exploration of the house took a long time, conducted in this somewhat desultory and dawdling manner : but tbe closing in of night and the sound of the- dinner gong gavo tho signal for Captain Winstanley'B departure. Mrs, Tempest would hare liked to ask him to dinner ; but she had an idea that Violet might make 'herself objectionable, and rofroinod from this exercise of hospitality. He was coming to tho great dinner. He wonld see her dross with tho feathor trimming, which was really prettier than Worth's masterpieco, or, at any rate, newer ; though it only came from Madame Theodore, of ; Bruton-Btreot. Sustained by this refleotion, she parted with him quite cheerfully, CnAPTjsa XIII.— "Ha Was Wohtjit to bb Loved fob a Lifetime," ' Conrad WinBtanloy had como to tho Now Forest with his mind resolved upon one of two things, Ho meant to marry Violet Tempest, or hor mother. If the case was quite hopeless with the daughter, he , would content himself with winning the lesser prize ; and though Vanity whispered that there was no woman living he might not win for himself if ho chose to bo audi- cicntly patient and persovcriug, instinct told him that Violot frankly detested him.' "After all," argued Worldly Wisdom, "tho alternative is not to bo despised. TI10 widow is somewhat rococo ; an old-fashioned jewel kopt in cotton-wool, and brought out on occasions, to shine with a factitious brilliancy ; but sho is still pretty. She is ductilo, amiablo, weak to a degree that promises a husband the soveroign do minion. Why break your heart for this f2ir dovil of a daughter, who looks capablo, if offended, of anything in tho way of revenge, from a horsewhip to slow poison ? Are a pair of brown eyes and a coronal of red gold hair worth all this wasted passion?" . "But tho daughter is the greater catch," urged Ambition. "The dowager's jointure is well enough, and ghe has the Abbey Houao arid gardentfior' hor iife. brit Yiolot will bo mistres ol. the estate 'when shor domes of age. ' As Violet's husband, your position would be infinitely better than it conld bo rb her stepfather.1 Un> happily, the cantankerous minx has taken it inte bor head to disliko you." "Stay," interjected tho bland voice of Vanity) "may not this disliko be only an assumption, a mask for spine deeper feeling ? Tkero are girls who show their love in that way. Do not bri In a hurry to. commit yourself to the mother -Until you hav6 mado yourself quite Bure about thg daughter," ' : Mrs. Tempest's dinner-party was a success. - I( introduced Captain Winst&nloy; to all tliat wat best in tho surrounding society ; for although io Switzerland ho had seemed very fatnilias with tho best people in tho Forest, in Hampshire h( appeared almost a stranger to them. If waf generally admitted, hawever,- that tbe 'captain was an acquisition, and a person to be cultivated He sang a French comic song almost as well as Monsieur do Hosoau, recited a short Americas poem, which nobody had ever read before, with telling force. Ho was at home ripon every sub ject, from orchids to stoam-ploughs, from 01 <2 nanco to light litorature. A man who sang is well, talked so well, looked so well, arid behaved so woll, could not be otherwise than welcome' la county society. Beforo the evening was ' ovoi) Captain Winstauley had boon offered 1 throe huntors for the next day's run, and had beoi asked towrito in four albums. Violot did not honor him with so muoh as Q look, after the one cold recognition of >bis first appearance in the drawing-room. It was a party of moro than twority peoplo, and.sho was able to keep out of his way without obvious Uvoidarice of him, Ho was stung, but hndj.no right to tq offended. Ho took Mrs. Scobol in to dinner, and Mrs) Scobol played the aaoompahimonb of his son& being a clevor little woman, able to turn "faef hand to anything. He would havo preferred bo told off to soma more important matron, tm( was not sorry to bo taken under Mrs. Scohefi wing. Sho would be useful to hitn, no donbt in the future ; a social Iris, to fetoh' an4 carry for him between Boechdalo aud tho Abbot House. " Do you know that I am quite- in love with your Forest," he said to Mrs. Tenripost,- staislln| in front of the ottoman whore that lady aat witlf two of hor particular friends ; " so much 00 ths( I am actually in treaty for Captain flawbririk'i oottage, and mean to stay' Here till theendi o£4ht hunting." 1 Everybody know Captain -Hawbuok's cottage, a veranduhed box of a bouse, on the slopo of 3 the hill abovo Beoehdale. 1 . "I'm afraid you'll find tho draWihgirdom chimney smoke," said a lady in atagreea,: "poor Mrs. Hawbuck was a martyr- to 'that chimney." ' ' " What doos a bacholor want with a 'drawing, room? If there is one Bitting-room' in whioA 1 can burn a good fire, I shall be - satisfied, '-The stable is in vory fair order." "The Hawbucks kept a pony-carriagoi'-nas. sentod the sea-green lady. " y- ou.-i " If Mrs. Hawbuck accepts ' iny offer)' P'thali Send- for my horses next week;" 'saiA1 the captain. - ') Mrs. Tempost blushod. Hor lifo had ftowed in bo gentle aud plaoid'a current that the frhsh< ness of hor soul had not worn off) and at nius ria4 thirty she was able to blush. Theire was whi thingso significant in Captain Winstanley's ; do< sire to establish himself at Boechdalo thal- shq could not help feeling fluttered by the "fact; j It might be on Violet's account, of corirso) that) Ht came ; yet Violot and he hadj'.ubver ' got ori very woll.'togother. ' " . ' ' " Poor follow !" she thought blandly," if'; he for a moment supposes that anything would tompt me to marry again, he is egregiousfy mis« taken." And then she looked round the lovoly rild room, brightened by a crowd of well-dressed people, and thought that next to being Edward Tempest's wife, the best thing in life was to ba Elward Tempest's widow. "Dear Elward !' she musod, "bow strariga that wo should miss him so little to-night." ) It had boen with everyone a3 if the squire had never lived. Politeness exaotol this Ignoring of tho past, no)doubt ; but the thing had boen s( easily done. The noble prasenco, tho jovial laugh, the friendly smiles were gono, and no one seemed conscious of the void— no one but Yiolel, who looked round tho room onco when conversed tion was livoliest, with a palo indignant faco, zaq souting this forg"tfalnoss. " I wish papa's ghost would como in at thai door and scare his hollow-hearted friends," sha said to herself, and she felt as if it would hardly havo been a surprise to her to sea the door opoa slowly and that familar figuro appear. "Well, Yiolet," Mrs. Tempest said sweetly) when the guests were gono, " how do you tliisk it all wont off?" ) " It," of course meant the dinnor-party. . i "Iauppo30, according to tho nature of such, things, it was all right and propor," Vixeri an swered coldly; " but I should think it must havo boen intensely painful to you, mamma." Mrs. Tompest sighod. She Had always a large selection of siglu in stock, suitable to every oc-. casion. " "I should have felt it much worao if I had sab in ray old place," she said, " but sitting at tho middle of the table instead of at tbe end made it less painful. And I roally think it's better style. How did you like the new arraugemeatef tho glasses 1 " I didn't notice anything new/' ' "My dear Vioiet, you aro frighfully unobiei ant." " " No, I am not," answered Yixen quickly, " My eyes are keen onoflgh, belioro mo." Mrs. Tompest felt uncomfortable, Sho brigan to think that, aftor all, it might be a comfortable thing to havo a companion —as & fender between herself and Violet. A perpetually present Miss Jones or Smith would ward off these unpleasant nesses. Thoro are occasions, howevor, 00 whloh a peil« tion must be faced boldly— In proverbial phrase, the bull must be taken by the horns. And bore, Mrs. Tempest folt, was a ball vbleb mast bo sa 1 encountered, She knew; that her pooi . little . hands wexo too feeble for the offixo ; but she told n t J— — — T' « - t « ' : ' ' '' -herself-. that sho must mako . the h .heroic . at- tempt. , . .. .j " Violet, why have you such a rootod dislike to Captain Winstanfey ?" " Why is my hair the color it is, mamma, or ..hy are my eyes brown instead of bluo?. If you .fould aoswor my queslipn I .might bo able to vi &cswor; yours. ; Nature made me what I am, and nature has implanted a hatrod of Captain Win- .j jtanle? in my mind;" . ij "Do you not think it wrong to hate anyone— the ory word hate was considered unladylike when r I was a girl— without cause ?"- : \- |I hayo cause to hato him, good cause, suffici- ant cause. I; Hate all self-seekers and adventur- :..«rS," \- V You have no right to call him one or the Other." ... if Have I. not? What brings him here, but the .pursuit of his own interest ? Why does he plant >j, himself at our door as if he were como to besiege i,- h town?. Do ypu mean to say, mamma, that you „ i Can be bo blind as not to soo what he wants ?" " Ho has como for the huating." " Yes, but not to hunt our foxes or our stags, P» wants a rich wife, mamma. . And he thinks Jihat you or I will be foolish enough to marry ; ihirn." " There would be nothing unnatural in his en- Sertainiug aome idea of that kind about you," ;jXepliod Mrs. Tempest, with a sudden assertion of matronly pride, . " But for him to think of mo in .. |hat light would he too absurd. I must be some i . sears,' perhapB four or five years, his senior, to , ; %egin with." . / Oh, ho would forgive you that ; he would not b; Blind that.". ; c; ."And. he ought to know , that, I should never flream of marrying again." i >v. ; - " Ho ought,- if ho had any idea of what is right ; ftnd noble iu a woman," answered Vixen. "But has not. Ho has no ideas that do not begin ,i find end. in. himself and his own advantage. He i ; cess you here with a handsome house, a good in- i-Come, and ho thinks that he can persuade you to /marry him." .!?.! "Yiplot,! you .must know that I shall never marry," ' ' " I hope I do know it. But the world ought to / 'know it too. People ought not to be allowed to j i whisper, and smile, and look significant; as I .flaw somo of them do to-night when Captain Win- ,. Btanloy' was hangine over your chair. You ought Slot to encourage, him, mamma. It is a treason against my father to have that man here." Here was a bull that required prompt aud soycre , handling, bat Mrs, Tempest felt her powers inad- f/.fequate to tho effort. \- "I am surprised at you, Violet !',' she ox- /Claimed ; " as if I did net know, as well as you, ; .what is due to my poor Edward ; as if I should do . fmy.thiug to compromise my own dignity. Is it to encourage a man to ask him to a dinner-party, ,whon ho happens to he visiting in the neighbor-, f Jtood ? Can I forbid Caplain Winstauley to. ..take f a itho.Haw bucks' cottaee?" " No, you have gone too far already. , You ...gave him too much encouragomoat in Switzerland, and at Brighton1. Ho has attached himself to us " ;iUko a limpot to a rock. You will not easily get i:;rid of bim ; uu less you let him see that you un derstand and despise him." t : soo nothing despicable in him, and I am . not going to insult him at your bidding," answered ,ihe witlow, tromulous with anger. "I do cot Heliovo him to be a schemer or an adventurer. ..He is a ttcntleman by birth, education, profession. ,, |t is a sitprome insolcnco on your part to speak of him as jo 'it do. What can you know of the world ? How c&n.rou; judge and measure a man like Cap- , tain Winstauley, a girl like you, hardly out of (ho nursenv? It is too absurd. And understand fit onco ami for ever, Violet, that I will not be . hectored on lectured in this manner, that 1 will hot be dictated to, or taught what is good taste, jo my own home. This is to be my own house, you . know, as louif as I live." .. Yes, unloss you give it a new master," said Violet gravely C " Forgive mo if I have been too . Vehement, It is my love that is bold. Whom havo l i«l this world to' love now, except f Jon? Aud whon I eoe you iu danger — when I sea ' the softness ef your nature- — Dear mother, there r aro somo instincts that are stronger than reason. There are some antipathies which are implanted ' jnus for warnings. Remember what a happy life . , you lod with my dear father — his goodness, his " overflowing gonorosity, his noble heart. There is fio man worthy to succeed him, to live in his house. Dear mother, for pity's sake " She was kueoling at her mother's feet, clinging to her hands, her voice half choked with sobs, .-jtlrs. Tempest began to cry too. M My. dearest Violet, how can you be so foolish ? : My love, don't cry. I tell you that I shall never /. marry again— haver. Not if I were asked to be- "oome a countess. My heart is true to your dear lather ; it always will be. I am almost sorry that I oonsented to these scarlet bows oh my dress, but the feathof trimming looked so heavy without them, and Theodore's eyo for color is perfect. r. My dear child, be assured I shall carry his image . .to my grave." "Dear 'mother, that is all I ask. Bo as happy '.ys you can ; but be true to. him. He was worthy 16 be loved for a lifetime ; not to be put off with Valf a life, Half a heart." 