D'ARCY READ'S GHOST. An entertainment of a novel form was produced on Monday night at the Academy of Music, Mr D'acy Read conjuring up his ghosts for the delectation of the Ballarat public Mr Read has old ghosts and y.oungghosta, fanny one* and dull dnes,at -hikl oom jam, tUintffie. apparato*, ,aM. fo r their appearance. The stags baabeeajapeeially'fittei up fol 1 the" be . looked ip f to,to bo ; soen prpperly. and'henM thO 'tter jin the hall iu not thrown: open for ,thoi accommodation 'of ‘ the ,o pdblio/'• t The- , firBt ! exhibitiph of the - spec treacopOjj &a; : Mr Read entitles' hie ghost; productions,, was a sort of allegory, showing the temptations and sabsequent Wamph oyer all his trials of a knight Watohitag hts tbs hours' of’darkness ia a .lonelyabboy.onsfplaiißiaiilarto that hy which Ptofesior 'Pipper gainM;sb';mueh -nbtorietyyears agbin Lon don. Fifsta’ demon ‘ monk,' then a ,fairy, floats tng in the air, ifollowsduby a blaokbearted:eaat<3rn ,merehbnt, ! ' : ( Bppeared before l the. youth i-to tempt hjm. from' hia yowp all in vain, and] as daylightiatole ih .through, the ;j oriel abbey,.window, his and ' heri-attendanta were. Bhado'i^^ j ' J v ‘f before" '.'‘him ' all ready ■ for- the tho curtairii'.fell. There, were - ‘ incidental ballads • i eungl l daring this the ' syren'-' singing a pleasant W very sweetly;’ I '' Christy Minstrels was a lighbec,piece.than-nth? former, and paved the way forf tinnier thingato follow; - Three minstrels' of ‘flesh'andbibbdgayepartpfthe'performandi/buFevery; \- now andr.thenyrefe suddenly .replaced,. by, white-faced apparitionB,who performed: a lotol mummery, andithen , Taniahed .h'wayanlo thin' air, whilo their brethren; of the ear th came .in 'bnba M tndfe.. This ' continual exchange waa::Tery.- amnaing, ._ahd' ; the . laughter was londest when the three gentlemeh inlblaok essayed to 'fight'‘'thoße''in white, only '-to ‘ find- their arms passing;, through, „tha , latter's.;.- bodies ,' without obatrnction. The 'laat : part- .of v.tbe entertainment, ■entitled ■*' The -Haunted,Rouse,” was simply.au alter-' natedisplay Of real aCd ’phlntom perebhagetr, if we may- uae the Jtenn. who wppt thrpugh amusing programme,'which ihcluding'ainging, ballet _*h4 step dancing - , and a hoßt o£ funny ;SituatiqnB, all,cleverly menaced scTas.to thoroughly mystify the spectators, '’ghosts' were f produced andlwhare' the 'people on tbeatage went to when they appearcdi 1 The pit waa crowded and.the. fairly pafronifledi To-night the j performance |Will| bp - ; 