; . V A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY . MRS. S5, J). il, 1. SOUTHV/Oimi, \- Author of "The Hidden Hand," "Tho Deserted Wife," " Solf-Mado," &c.;, &o.; chapter xxvi. THE yoOKU WIIfE'fl DOOM. .'iUntll l have no wifo, I have- nothing hoiro," , 'Tifl bitter! Find you thnt tboro ? Nothing at homo, until ho hQ3 no wifo ? Tiiova'a nothing thovo tbat in too good for him . But only nho ; and eho doaorvoa <i lord 1'hftt twouty suoli riido boyo ml^ht wait uixm \- And OttU bar mistress. KIUKBUKABK. M Wb will open Sii' Adrian's letter first,* * ooatlnuoa tbo reotor, as ho luoko tho largo red seal Htampod with the Ploiuin^ oroat. : Tho baroinit wrote in aJrioadly but; some what fosmal stylo, Tho *ootor, with hie loft arm around tho Bhouldera of Not, who nut on a low haaaotsk beside hiia, listening with all her soul and soneeg, rood as follows: Fmsminci Oiiabk, 2nd Sept., 18-. Rhv, DR. B'iAim,-Friend: Few events in life could h&vo; given mo more pain than the deplorable mititako whioh has placed Wy sou and your daughter in aueh a falee position tovvftvdo each other and towftnia tho world. It is a mi£jfoi.iuuo of a kind that wnut always fall muoh moro hoavily upon tho woman 4lwu upon tho man, and au ouoh I ' doploro ii oven woro upon your daughter's ^ooount than upon my sou'fl. 1 I had boon loci to ouppoao-as, no doubt, 1 you yourself had aiao boon-tlmt Adrian waa paying his addressee to Miag Doloraiuo, of ' Deloxfti'V) r«vk; and I united with youraolf ( iu a Y»\,vM approbation oI hia ohoioa { but, I' beliovo mo, ii I hr.d learned that wo wore both mistaken, and that my fion's choiGO had | fallen on you? daughter, I should havo been i equally wall uatiafiod, And uow uiy own opinion is that this i mwrkgo, oonUaotod aa it haa boon under a huge misapprehension, ehould nevortholeaa > stand good. s Tho young couplo do not dialiko oaoh t other, aud one of thorn, at ioaat, tho moat important one aloo-tho woman-haa no prior 3 attachment. £ 1 I havo had ft long conversation with my son 1 . Oft the Bubjooti Ha admits that his own Coudaot and conversation with your daughter might havo easily lad hoi' iuoxporienood ntiud to axpnot a proposal of marriage from him, aud HO rendered her tho easy and un* Buflpioioua victim of hia own lamentable ?, blunder. Ho speaks of hor with tho grefitoat esteem aud affeotion, I have endeavoured toporanaflohim, unflot suoh oitoMmatauoefl, to think of thi;: marriage aa a finality. I toll him tbat ho could not do bettor than to take to himaulf tho good and fair wifo ho haa married. But of thia plan ho will not now hear at all. Ho insists that lie IOVM Miaa Deloraino , and hor only, and fiinao ho cannot havo hoi' tewlU have no wifo. Tho only concession that I can gaiu fi'om . the headatvong fellow ia this-that ho will . tatco no steps fos; tho proaent to havo his mad marriago anuulled. JSoi; indeed would it be of tho alighteafc two for hiip. to do so. SlcU a oouffia would only expose him to in .Ottidnhfey, ridioulo and oontompt. Ho will go abroad tor a while, where 1 hopo ho will got over hia infatuation lot Misa Dolovaiuo, . and lotum to us ^ olothod in his right mind," . Meantimo I muat beg you, my old friend, to bring my swoct daughter-in-law hero to Fleming Chaao to beoomo aoquaintod with Lady Flemiiig and myself. We are both anxious to know her r.nd to havo her males \- her homo with ua, until the return of hor mad bridegroom; f or that he will return . to his father's liouao and to hi& first love , for fchore ia no concealing from me that Notty wad his firat love-I have not tho ? Bhadow of a doul#, .. . ^mbraoc your dear gii'l for us, and be lieve me, ia spite of all the soapegraoo soaa oa earth, xoiu' faithful frioud, AdBUN FtiBUIKCi. "That 1ba Bweot, good lettov, a lovely lova letter, dear father," atvld Not, gravely j "but you Ituow," sheadded, slowly-"you know that I oannot accept hia Invitation, I cannot go to his houaa. It would look llfeo ft deairo to force myself on Adrian." " Wo will talk of that presently, ray dear. No uood for you to decide at ouoe, It would ho bottor in a worldly point of view that you should go, It would stop the tonguo-3 of all cavillers, I appreciate j your dolicata Mivuploo, Not, but you must not bo guided by fooling, my dear, but by reason, and by tho counsels of those who are older and mora experienced than your- j self. Sir Adrian's letter is a good and wise one. Wo must rdlcofc a little beforo wo rejoot ita counsels," replied tho rootor. "Fathov, will you read Adrian's lottos? now P" inquired Not, Booing that tho rector niado no motion ovou to open hia, << Oh I I hud forgot|.on ; but really I don't suppose tho follow' h communication la of jnuoli aocount," replied Dr. Htarr, as ho opened tho onvolopo and road as follows: Iteming Ohasu, 2nd, Sopt., 18-. REV. BR. Btaiir,-My Dear Sir: 1 write to yotthoomHo I ditto not writo to Not, I davo not way ouo word In solf-dofonco, No one can fool mora oorfcainly than I do that :I am indofonuiblo, I mado an unhappy blunder In my marriago, yot my father thinlis I ought to abido by it. Porhaps>I ought. But lot mo'ask you frankly, in tho interests of your daughter, oould I do hor a deopor injury than to tftko her to wife whilo my affootioiiH and doairos are ftxed upon hor cousin P , No, you'will confess that I eonld not. I Ulco, ostoom and honour your daughter, but I oould not, lovo hor as my wifo. I will do anything and ovorytliing clso in my fower 'to prove tho high estimation in 'which lxold hor. My father and mother havo iuvitod hor to l/loming Ohaao, I pray you lot Ivor go theve and mnko it a permanent homo whllo my parouta live, and, after they shall have passed ay/ay, lot hor continue to live and reign in thoir place an Lady Doloraino. AH for myself I shall uovor enjoy tho blessing of homo or family; hut the world in wido, and its attractions many. .L pray that you and your daughter may pardon mo for any pain that I may havo inadvertently caused you, knowing that my own pain must bo equally great, and bollovo sno, notwith standing all that has come and gono, over your friend, Adman FILMING. " Poor boy1" sighed Not. "Oh, father, is thoro no lawful way of roloaslng him from his bonds P" , "No, Not, there is nono without a public eoandal that would bo iutolorablo." " It is vory hard on Aim," sighed Net, << And on //on, than ?" <i It ia vory hard indeed," assented Net. «< Tho only, remedy ia timo and pationoq, Wo must wait, Not. And, moauwhUo, I wish you opuld bring yoiu'aolf to aooopt Sir Adrian's invitation," * " But I cannot, dear father, I oould not evon if I had no ties, no duties to bind mo hero, and I havo, for I oould not leavo tho babies." "And you oould not take thorn. Well, wo will not aniiv/er Sir Adrian's letter to day. We will "'ail; until to-morrow. Per haps by that timo you may aoe things in a different liflht, and something may bo thought of for tho babies. Thoy are^ over £ouv years old now, you know,1' mild the Motor, aa ho folded hia Jotters and put them in a compartment of liia tablo-drawor marked " UnunswcmV*' And those lotfcowj wovo destined to remain unanawfii-'od to tho eud. " " Now, I muut walk out and BOO some of my people/' said tho dootor,, rising. Ho took two atopsi towards the door, throw his hiYiiuti np suddenly to hit) head, and fell heavily to the ground, With a slight ory Not sprang to hia side, asid stooped to help him got up, for oho thought that ho had only tripped in tho looao rug nod fallen. At tho uaiiu*. moment, Mru. Kan and Kit alarniod by the unuimal noiao, ran in from tho kltohon, and Miaa Doloraino oamo in from tho parlour, (i What's tho matter P" "Wot.hov happonodP" ' "Wot'n broke f" demanded tho excited questioners in ono voioo, aa thoy gathered round tho profltrate man, who gave no sign of flonaolououotia. "Sinn for tho dootor, Kit!" oiolaimod Not, controlling hot own emotion by a strong effort. " Toll him to eomo inatantly 1 Father 3a utuunod by hia fall- don't you seoP Oh I ho tripped in tho rug, and fell with all hio weight, yon MOO, Antoinette \" sho added, turning to the palo and anxious [.irl whootood by hor aido. " I flao," ftnfiwei'od Miaii Deloraino, iu an iiwo-otriokon tonoj for, in faot, oho Haw moro than Not: did. st Lai, uti tiy to lift him to tho lounge, ilra, Ken. Oil, Antoiuotto, ploaao go tnd got a pillow," oho continued, turning !or pain-otriokon oyca from ono to another, ; " You had hotter let mo help you to lift um lirat. You and Mro, ICon oan novov do t alouo," ropliod Micw Dolosaino. Tho thveo women lifted tho body of tho , ootor, and laid it on tho lounge. Then Antoinette ran to fetch a pillow, vhilo Not.and Mrs. Kon used suoh fiimplo .emodiea aa woro at hand for hia retiLorft ion. ' "Oh, Mvii. Ken, hia pulse haa stoppoal tt haa stopped 1 What is tho moaning of :hat?" anxiouuly demanded Not, as sho icild hor fafchor'a motiouloaa wrist hofcwoon ior Angora. "? Mayliap it's just a fainty fit, _ Mistreat) < Net'. XJuuuoti yo bo soared, Wait till tlio iootor oomoH," replied tho woman, in tho shaking toncui that oonti'adiotod hor worda rnd botiayod hor own agitation, Antoinette oamo in with tho pillow, and bhoy ralaed and laid tho rootor'a head upon it. "Oh, Antoiuotto 1 hia lioavt does not boat! It ia aa still as-aa-~tho dead!" oried Not, in a tono of anguish, aa sho 3row her hand from his boaom, and looked up in hor friond's i'aoo with an expression if agoniaed ontioaty. " Oh, Antoiuotto! svhat ia the reason P What is tho reason P Ho is not-not dead?" This laat word oamo in a sharp ory. " Hush, dear! Hush 1 Hero is the doctor," whispered Mitm Deloraino, aa Dr. Bonnet entered tho room. " I mot your servant a few yavda from the gato, my dear," said tho physician, aa he took Net's hand, bowod to Misa Delomiuts, and passed at ouoo to the aide of tho lounge whore tho form of tho rector lay. All tho othcra drew back to give way for tho dootor, who proooeded to make a very oavoful examination of hia subjcot, while Not watched him anxiously from ft short distance. pjcoaently tho dootor oeasod hia irivoetiflft tion, olosod tho ehiirt boaom, veat aud coat over thg liJoleas body, oompoaed tho motion* loss limbs, and turned away from (ho lounge. ..Dootor-doctor-" began Not, In a voioo halftfainling with fear. » My dear girl-you are a good girl," said Doctor Bonnot, gently taking Nofalhanda in both his own-" you know that this life in not all, and-" J " Oh, ho'a gone I Ma gone / Oh I I oannoti oftnnoi ^tuc u I" Net» la tUe Bbrill tones of anquleh, as she feU baoi against the wall of the atctfy and leaned there, weeping bitterly-for the grief of youth la never dumb, but ever finds ready relief in oopious tears. The old dootor pat. his arm round her waist, aud Iod her tenderly to an eafly.ohftii and placed her in it. Antoinette eat down beaido her and took her hand ; but noither the phyaioitm uor the friend attempted to utter any worda of O'ju nolafion; that, thoy know, at suoh a moment must be womio than ufioleau, Thoy let hot woop and oob until tho dlorm of sorrow had exhausted its forqo. And thou it wna wonderful to aoe how quiokly Net rallied horforooa and how oalmly who went about hor dutioa. Dr. Bonnet took upon Jaimaeif the whole responsibility of tho crisis, Ho it wan who wroto to Miss Deloraine's second guardian and solicitor in London to apprize hlua oj! his oolloagno's deooase, aud also to Sir Adrian Morning, in Devonshire, to announce to him liia old friond's doath. lie it waa who gavo ail tho orders for the zunoral. As t'oou fi£i tho domino of tho pastor booame kuown in tho pariah orowda of friendly, ; sympathetic and sow-owing pooplo fiookcd to tho parsonage with oxpresaiona of oondolo inont and offers of service, ' ^ litttle , <1 might or gratefully ftcoeptod all tho loyo that prompted all the aoUon, but gently dcolinod tho services, JLhero was nothing to bo dono, alio said nut vmat she and tho household could do, I'liqi funeral WAS arranged to talco placo on Saturday, tho fifth day after tho doath, ' It was on tho third day that Not was sit° ting m the nnvaavy, with little Luko aud Un, ivP"!S to jnako them understand tho groat mystery of tho ohaugc that aeoma ao marvellous, yot is «o simple-'that soema ao itlio cicath, but ia now birth- and alio waa finding out ho w muohmore readily the children nould roooivo and understand tho truth than fihe could convoy uud^ oxplniu it, when alio Waa interrupted by tho unceremonious en trance of Kit o' dim, who put a oard in hor hand, and announced: " A tall owld gont'man, foiue and grand, ljev eorno to see yo, Mistmw Not, and ia waiting in tho 'all down otniivi," Net looked at tho slip of pautoboard be fcweon her thijmb and finger, end read-Sir Adrian Mcminn, " Show the gentleman into the drawing room, Kit, and any to him that X will be down in a few moments," she aaid, as eho arose to rnuko a little change in hor drass. Kit loft the room to do her errand, Net only smoothed hor front hair, ad justed hor neat, while collar and on if a, and then she went down stairs and opeuod tho parlour dooy. She nnw standing boforo her a tall, soldierly-looking nnn of about; sixty years of age, with broad shouldors, woll' not h.ujJc, stately head, high, aquiline features, ilnid complexion, bright blue eyes, aud ail very whito hair and moustache. Ho wove a black fvook oont, buttouod up to hia chin, dark gray pantaloons, and neat patent leather boots on small and well shaped loot. Holding out small and aeatly-gloved hands, ho advauood to moot. Not, and taking bora, t'.aid, RotiUy and g'avdy : " fllH wy daujjhtejMn-litvf, I presume, young lady," Not lookod up in some little embarrass, went, but oould not speak just thoo. " You ore Mrs, Adrian Fleming, if I mis take not ?" then «aid the baronet, « little doubtfully, for Net's eileneo puzaled him with uncertainty, " I ivijj. Dr, atarr'ti stop-daughter-Net," replied tlie girl, gathering courage from tho ealm, kind eyes that gauod down upon hor, " Prooiaoly, Quite no. Jugtaa I thought, A am very happy to aooyou, my child, ovoa though grieved by tho occasion that haa brought mo lioro," tmid tho baronet, still holding her hand, '* waa very kind of you to come, air," murmured Not. " 1 oould do no otherwise, It waa my duty to you, dear child, no loss than to my donartod friend, Dr. Otarr, Ho waa my college ohuiH, and oldeat living foiend, dear ft'U'l, tuul so, as soon aa S got Bennot's letter, v/ith tho sad nowa of Luke's death, I took the fltst train North." " I thank you very much for coming, Sir Adrian, but pray be seated," said Net, drawing forward a largo oaay-ohair. Tho baronot dropped heavily into.its CMohiona, aud thou inquired t " VlAiiom liavo yon-in tho house, my dear, to look after affairs P" " No one but myself, my cousin, aud tho two aorvflnt-womou; bub Dr. Bennett comes every day and attends to everything," " Ah 1 ah 1 it waa very sudden," said tho baroiiet, referring to tho death of tho rector, " Yes, vory suddon," replied Net, fully understanding him,. " Apoplexy p" inquired tho baronet, (< No- -heart diseaoe, tho dootor said," replied Not, beginning to tremble, for as yot she could not bear any allusion to hor ffithor'e death without strong emotion, " TbavG, there-I have boon inoonaid erato, my child I Lot us oiiango tho sub joct, What are your plana for tho future, my dear, if you havo formed any ?" in quired the baronet, with ovory oxpreasioa of warm intereat, u I havo iorjiiod~~itoiio, I have not (Mloflly^ a"^'" with '1 So iuuoh tho better, my dear, You will loavo otnora who arc older and more ex» porionood to plan for you," said tho baronet, expressing tho aamo idoa, if not using tho aaino words, that had boon spoken on this aubjcot by tho rector. Net bowed, not in assent, but fu courtesy, booauao sho oould reply in no other way, ''Your fathor got my letter, I hope ?" i-i i ^pwocl again, aud, 'witli an effort, uttered faintly: " ^.u ^,0T'^beforo ho waa strioken down." My child, I oan do little to assuage yorn* ®li l fn H8 bereavement--^ grief whioh, indeed, I share; but you will let me smola you from the material consequences ojE your loss, I came hero not only to attend the funeral of my old friend, but also to take you back with mo to Fleming Ohaae, whero wefoyomf" ff fflvo you a warm hor ladyship are very, very good to me, sii?--very, very good, even though my own stupid and lamentablo mis take has plaoed "-here the voice of tho gM was oliokod for a moment, but sho reoovered it and resumed--'' your eon in suoh a false She broke down again, liio baronet, who waa sitting nearly oppo site to her, stooped down and took both her hands, saying lclndly i , "My dear child, the blunder was my aon's own, aud you were the viotim. He lmowa that as well as wo do. Sometimes men blunder into good fortune* Their blunders bring them better results than their beat laid plans oould seoure- only in that oaso thoy do not oall them'iblundors, you know. 1 think my son has blundered into his life's Net?**"80' wa^ an see' ^oar i'^ou aro vory, very good to me," It was only a repetition, but it was all tho aeoply.jnoved girl oould And to say. 111 meantime, my love, you will como «Minoko your homo with Lady Fleming and "I m wry grateful far youi' exoeediu# kindness to me, Sir Adrian, but I oannot have the happiness you offor me," replied Net, with meek firmness. ' The baronet looked at her In silent surprise' for a moment, and then Inquired: ." But what do you moan by your words, my dear P Why oan you not have uoA- mifor this happinoBsr' "I have two little ohildren, Sir Adrian," oalmly replied Net. " ; Two-little-(ihlldrou-' " slowly re peated the baronet, eyeing the young oreaturo before him, with a sort of dismayed in oredulity. '1Why-you could not have been a widow, when my son married you I Nothing to that effect was told me! Two little omldvpn I' Lord, bless my soul alive, it seems perfectly preposterous I You are too young, you know I" Tho very ghost of a smile flitted over the wan faoo of little " mammam," as she an swered; . " Thoy are the twins, Luke and Ella, children of my dear step-father by his seoond marriage." "Oh I Ah I Yes I I see I To be sure I" ex claimed the baronet, with a look of relief. " Thoy aro noV about four years old. I, have had theoare of them1 all their lives. Their mother passed away tho day that they were born," continued Net. In explanation. Precisely! Just so J Tney are tho ohil dren of your Btop-father by Wis eeoond wifo, and' of not tho least blood-relationship to yourself P" "No, but that does nofei make tho least difference. I love them justaS well as if thoy woro my vory own. And they know no othor mother than myself," repliod Net, aa tho tears of a vague apprehension rose to her eyes. "Tut, tut, my dear girl, you aro a good girl, bijt you don't know what you aro talking about. Those children of my old friend, ohildren of his old age, must be well oared for; but they must not be millstones about your nook to Bpoil your Hfo, There ia an excellent home in my neighbourhood for the orphan ohildren of clergymen of tho Ohuroh of. England where they oan bo plaood, and whoro thov may be brought up 'ftndoduoatodtpbeoomoteaohe«)-/j-ovorjiosHOfl, if they luippou to bo girls ; tutors', or ouiatca, if boys. I will soo tho .children of jay doui' friend ouiorod thoro. It is the boat disposition that oan bo made of them. fJo that obzifcaoio will bo romoyod from your path, my dear, and I hopo you will be ready to return with me to Morning Ghase, immediately aftor tho funeral," uajd the baronet,' as ho arose from bin peat. " I thank you vory much for all your kind intentions towards me, Sir Adrian," roplied Not, very oourtoously, but quite nou-oom mittingly. Oho wis iillaci with diumsty at tho propouition of tlio baronot to cond lior babies to tho Orphan Anylum. Oho folfc too much agitated to combat hia resolutions (it thin instant; but ftho V/iui roctolvod jwvov to eon sent that tho littlo onos, dear to her as if thoy had been hoi; vo.ey own, should bo separated from . hoi.' to bo placed in any oharitablo institution; yat tiho xolleqlM that sho was but a minor, (tail who 'v/ondorod with fear whothoi! tho lm timet, or any othor responsi ble man who should toko it upon liimsolf, might not huvo tho power to dispose of thoso orphan children as ho and u tlio ootirt" might soo fit. So disturbod was littlo " mammam " by tlioao thoughts that all sho oould ;lo wiw only to answer' tho baronot in tho oouvleoug, non committal words wo have rlooorded. "Now, my dear, I wiU bid you good morning," said Sir Adriani holding out his hand. I "No, pray do not go.) I thought-I hoped that you would otfty hovo whilo you should remain in tho neighbourhood, Let mo dhow you to your room," said Not, hospitably, riuiug to perform the duty that thoro waa no man-servant in the houao to do for hoi\ " My dear, you aro very good, but I did not expcot Ufutay hero, and I have left my luggage at tho Dolphin," _ " Lot: mo tioud tho ntablo»boy for ft, sir. 1 beg you will not go." " Woll, wuil, as you please, my dear, Pfii'hapu it in boat that I should bo hero to look after you," said tho baronot; and ho took hia tabloto from hia pookoto, wrote a fow linos on thorn, tore out tho loaf, and handed it to Not, adding: " You will please to send this order to my valot, at tho DoJphin, and he will bring my effects." Net took tho loaf, and wont out to glvo it to Peter Ken to deliver. Then shG),returaod to tho parlour and re newed her offor to show her vln.or to his room. < " I havo been here boforo, my dear-in tho baohelot days of my Into Mend-and I lmow something about this rambling house. If yon will toll mo where tho room ia I prefer to find, it myself." '. it is tho ahamber at tho head of tho stairs on tho loft hand, directly above this." " Tho vory one .1 occupied twenty years ago. X oannot miss it," said tho baronet, as lie walked out oi the room. The aflat day Mr. '.Tamos Flint, Junior partner in tho ium of Mint Brothers, attor noys-at-law, v/ho, besides managing Miss IMoraiwi'ts cotftto, tranHwitod all tho into rector's legal business, <mmo down to Miston, to romaiu until after tho funeral, and look afl;or;jtbo iiUuisHitfj of his ward, Not, who was consuming with anxiety on aooount of her babies, took tho first oppor tunity of seeking a privato interview with Mr, James Flint, to set before him tho following eaao, which oho put in a vory low words: " I havo had the sole oaro of my baby brother and sister ever sinoe they were born. Now they are four years old, and I am eighteen. We are all orphans and minors. Bat I am even more capable of taking cava of them now than I ever was before, and they have no relative or friend on earth but myself, Now, oau anyone take them away from me and place them in an orphan asylum or elsewhere without my eon Bent ?" ? ° In ordinary oiroumstanoes any respon sible Jman or woman, acting as the . next friend' of the orphans, might, with the;oonsent of tho court, do so, Bat have no fears on this score, my dear young lady; the ohildren oannot bo removed from your charge without your consent, ? except, indeed through the aotion of one person, who is not likely to interfere, I should say." " And that person ?" inquired. Net, some what relieved, but still uneasy. " Your husband," replied the attorney, in a low tone. " He ia not indeed likely to trouble himself about us," thought Net, with a sigh. " No one else will have power to disturb you in the oharge of the ohildren," " But-how do you know that, Mr. James ?" inquired Net, speaking la her great anxiety with unintentional rudeness. " I have the will of your late guardian and' step.father, And although I am not at liberty to disclose the terms of that, will before it shall have been opened publicly after the funeral, yet I may assure you of this, that uo one except the one person who is least likely to interfere oan disturb you in the possession of your ohildren, or dispose of them without your consent.1 Biit, my dear young lady, JI ask you, In your own interests, how do yon propose to support them ?" "X do not know. I have never thought about that yet, bat I know Z shall be able to take care of my babies somehow," answered I little uutmuMWf with the blind (mat of one ?" . , ' who had never known a real wrint, or hv any experience in (bo great difficulty som< Fivtu^0 ^aV° ^°'n8 pormltted to work for e " There is an opening towards n fortunt for you,, my dear young lady. Yoar late step-father mu«t have jsold you the object oi hia journey to London-" H Yes, yo#-say no mora about that, ! bef you I exolaira«d Net, hastily ihterruptlu(i tholftwyar. '. ! would nnver advance a olnlw tbafc, however leg»l lb may ? bo, is cenairilj unjust, and I could nob ecj^y any fortune that must oomo ab the expense of a grefitoi oalnmlty to another." " Then let the mattor rosb for the present. Ib may bo that at some future time you may view it in a different Ut?hb." Here tho interview closed. . On tho following day the funeral of D<\ Staf r took placo. All tho neighbourhood, of ©very age, rank and BOO)., attondod, for tho rector was muoh beloved by all who know him. Tho vanorablo Earl of AltofiirG aroused hinviolf from the apathy of age and sorrow and <muo in hia ftmily carriage supported in hia stmt by hia valet, t Tiio G >yl;-n, who . hud lutoly returned to OavoliVrttl, arrivod in thule old- fashioued ooaoh, Tho Beiwhsvlfo'o frvmily woro absent from tho , neighborhood, and indood from tho country, bub tho bwon's bailiff took it upon hioifiulf to tiQtid tho family coach to go in tho funeral proo&ifiion;, knowing that by so .doing ho would' oxpreivi ^ln friouduhip of Ida employer towards thu doRo.wed miulu':er and hid household. A mluifitftv from Giu'litilo road the impraj" ttivo biuial cor viae, . After thu obijcquimi woro (ill ovor, tho mul titude ruHporsod, with tho exception of si fdw of tho moaii i'tUmtUo friends, who returned with tho bereaved daughter and children to tho reofcory, to bo present fit tho reading of the will, Among these worcfiir Adrian Fleming, Mr. Ooylo and Mf, Brandon Ooylu, Dr, Bonnet, Rav, Mr. Oomntoek, ami, of course, Mr. James Flint. Homo of thorn) friend?,, hearing that there was a will, wondered why on earth tho roator had ever thought it necessary to make ono, uaoiug that ho had littlo or nothing to lonvo, The will wau road by Lawyer Flint, in tho dining-room of tho rectory, and in tho pre* now go of tho family, frieudii, iuut servants. It Hoods but a passing iiotioo. Xa it tho testator, first of till, constituted hio ward and t;U>p.daughter of full legal age, and loft to hor hio whole proper'y iu trust for tho use of hio own children, appointing hor tho xjolo gilardian of his ohihtron and tho solo executrix of bis will. This caused a Great doal ol criticism nmoiif; tho hearers, " 1'jord hlor>a my soul alivo 1 I never heard of sueh n ibiug in tho whole course oI my life 1 A jjli'l of fliioh a tender aj-jo to bo left with fwoh a Init'doH nud rdaponoibilHy I If he woi'o not my own old oollogo ohum i should say tho i'oolor hurt boon 'domontod I" hotly oxciaiincu tlui baronet, BoohiR Jiow fjorionsly thifj will v/ould ))n likely to intorforo with liiu own pUuio and proapeoto in rogai'd to littlo mamraiDn rnul hor habiofi, " I tell you, Hie Adriuu, that "young pivi is bettor fitted to ditiohavgo tho dutiou im» po«ed upon hoi' thuu snoatwomou, or men, either, oc ivuy njco wimtovcr! Bho hag boon tho iMBtrowi of the rectory and tho guardian of theuo oliildioit einoo liox' fourtoouth your, and oho hna filled hor rcfipoijuiblo pout with ooiiuummoto ability! .1 know it, and oan teatify to'it, if jidoeafjary," anaworod Dr. Bonnot. " Porhapo, £>iv, you Vvoro, in tho eonfldoaoe and eonnaolfi of tlio Into rootor," /said tho bnronot, n littlo fiarofuituially, ,(ltiH very true; I wuh. Dr. Starr oou eultod mo about thio ,'inmo will. X advisod him aa to tho vory oourao ho haa pursued," coolly replied tho doctor. ' "A vory uuwirio ooiu'ao, fJr! 'X'liiy will was, bopidefi, mado boforo tho marriag-o of my daufthtor-in-hvw, Mre. .Adrian Iteming, Aa a married woman olio io' incapacitated for tho funotiono imposed upon hor by this will," rotortod tho baron. " I fancy thoro iu uo cmo bub hor huoband to bring forward that objection, and he, I think, hi abnettfc on foroifja travel. Good-day, 01s Adrian, I huvo t.o loavo ruthor abruptly, for a doetor'o tirno iti not hio own," tmid the physiolan, bowing low> end leaving tho room. Moat of thu company woro e.lfio dopiu-thiK. When tho room vvaa noarly olonr, Sir Adrian went up to Net and mdd : "My doar, uo «oon you oim gob froa from theuo paople, eomo to mo in tho t-jfcudy. I want to opook to you there," Tory well, air, X will (jo," replied Neb, who eaw fchut tho Ooylt-rj woro approaching to tako leave of her. Old Mr. Ooylo moiely took hoe hand and wrung ii in eiloiib oympsthy, hub wrung it ho hard thab Nob hud nearly eried out with pain, Mr- Brandon Ooyle took hor flngorH nnd hold them in a limp and laugiild way, bond ing over thorn, and murmuring: " Xb ia ead to have to eondolo with you on tho death of your hidovod stepfather, boforo X havo had tho opportunity of congratulating you ou your marriage," " Thanku, Mr. Ooylo, but hobh are (julto un necosaftry, X aasura you," coldly ropllod Not, who alwayo inatinotivoly filu'ftuk from tho dark, hundnorno, fjovpeutino Braudou. Ooylo bowed oeromoniouHly aud turned away. Thoflo two wore tho laut doparturea, Thin Nab wont into the library, whore tho biironot eab in tho old leathern ehsir that had onuo been tho roctor'a familiar eeufe, and at tho old writing-table upon whioh the reotor'e wormono had all boon written. It gave Nob a paauing pang to «uo anothei' eittlug there. " OODIO i«, my dear. X have much to aay to you, Sib down bonide mo hero," said tho baronet, riaiiifj, and loading the girl to a ohair near bin own. Neb eat down and waited, Too well ehe knew what wftfj cowing nest, " Thia will of your labe Btop-father and guardian, my doar, was a very unwiso one, if you will permit me to flay ao." began bho bavonob. " My dear fabher was aa eminently wise and good man," said Not, in generous defence of the departed. " Yes, yes, good, mosb oertainly 1 emin ently good, aa you say," assented the baronet, in a conciliating tone, " and wise vory wise in-ah--most .reBpoots ! Bub the wisest are liable to make mistakes. Your late father has made a serious one in im posing upon a girl GO young and inex perienced as yourself so onerous a respon sibility as the ohavge of those ohildron." "{To bb continued,,) 