JpMtei. 'HE WINS WHO WAITS.' BY G-ROSVEITOR BUNSTBR, Author of 'Jolin Horton's Ward,' /'Mark Pelton,' ' The Best Man Wins,' ' Caleb Thornton,' &o.; CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) * Meanwhile Captain Bath . had oorried Bertha, and ber maid — for su(-h the exoellent fellow bad constituted Ma'ria Pipps — to pleasant ludRingo in tho vicinity of Higbgato. She had tbree appartmonts in a pretty oottnge, standing in tbe midsji of a blooming ' ' garden of roses, heleotropea, geraniums, and tbe like; and the otulcl was touohed to notioe bow like tbis garden was to that whioh surrounded their own pretty cottage near Chester. Captain Bath was slightly sensible of tbis, and reminded her of the likeness. 11 It will, maybe, do you good sometimes, my dear,' said be, ' to look oout on these byar posies and think of, your old bum. Don't you fear. That hnm will be yonra agin, I reckon, when wo get MnBtor Ned back.' Poor Bertha sighed as she wondered whether that happy time would ever arrive. But youth is bopefnl, and the novelty and excitement of her new position soon dissi pated any gloomy thoughts. And thus the captain left her to arrange with bis friend for ber introduction to ber employer. To his surprise his friend took him to Higbgato also, to a bouse not far from that in whioh be bad lodged Bertha. Tbis was so far satisfactory. But when the lady of the bouso stood before him, and ho dis oovered in her no othnr than Ada Laplaoe, be uttered an ejaculation of wonderment. ' Sakes,' oried be, ' Miss Laplaoe 1' ' Wall, da Bay.' Ada Laplaoe smiled sadly. Sbe was dressed in mourning. Tho grand beauty which she had boasted when last the oaptain had seen her had passed away. Her face was now pitted by the marks of that terrible soonrge of beauty — the small-pox. But her eyes were still as brilliant as before, though with a lesser light of sweetness and resigna tion, and ber glorious hair was still her own. ' You recognise me, then,' said she, as the oaptain Bhook ber band. ' I du,' said the captain, simply. ' There ain't no other woman in all London has got your ' hair; nor, for that matter, eyes neither.' ?? She bnrat out laughing as sbe turned to the gentleman who had introduoed the oaptain. ' Ton see, Mr. Banger, that I have still an admirer!' 'I agree with him,' said Mr. Ranger, a brisk little man, wearing speotaoles, and with a bald bend. ' To me you are still as , beautiful as you were when empress of the stage.' 'Come, oomo, thisis high- flown,' oriodMiss Laplace. ' But let us to other matters than that of my poor Boarred faoe.' 'But ain't you anting neow?' asked tbe oaptain. ' No, no,' Bhe answered, Vith a slight shudder, ' all that is passed for ever. And now I lead a Bweeter, more contented life than when my whole thought was applause and praise.' ' Wall, I ken understand that,' said tbo oaptain. 'I'm sorter {New England in my notions of stage buainess ; don't seem to mo the right thing for women. Then what, if I may mako so bold, what du you du noow?' 'I write for journals and periodicals.' ' Story books and seoh ?' said the cap tain. ' Same as Mr. Banger hero.' 'Tes. Audnowwhataboutthoyounglaa'y?' 'Wall,' said tbo oaptain, thoughtfully, Btroking his chin, ' I didn't speok'late, I reokon, that it was you she1 was oomin' tu. There's a lot I'd like to say, you know, afore.' ' What you will,' said Miss Laplaoe, with a smile. ' But, I think you can tako the word of my friond, Mr. Banger, that the young lady wonld be happy with me.' ',Tetoh I' interrupted tho captain. ' Tain't that. But von see, it's a sorter fix. The ohild is young Harrington's sweetheart.' The faoo of the authoress grew pale, but she said : 'Tbeoreole?' ' Ay, the Ral I told you of when yon went eont to Melbourne with mo.' ' And she haB need of work now ?' ' Yes. Tbe old man is dead, and thorn's some fix about the property ho left behind him' ' What you have told me,' said Miss Laplaoo, eagerly, ' makes mo most anxious to eeo her. But oomp, boforo yon bring her, it is rtooeBsary that I should relate to you some account of tho manner in whioh Mr. Harrington and I woro placod. Doubtless abo has heard.' ' That's jost it. Sbe has not. But she kinder knows enough, you eoo, to make hoi a littlo touohy on the point,' and the skipper fldgottod with his big foot. Mr. Bangor, loolu'ng through bid spootaoles, rtnd listoning with turpiiae, perooived that this was no mattor for a third person's presence. So he bade them good-day, saying that tbo matter was now in the captain's bands. Miss Laplaoe, however, said : 'Pray, don't go, Mr. Banger. Stay to Innoheon. If you'll turn into my library, nnd look over my last proofs, I should take it us kind;' uud oho Uid her long, dolioate .band upon tho otboi's arm; and smiled witli1 all her old sweetness. The oaptain, looking down at her band, noted a masBivo ring upon one finger: ?'..:?? . i 'Sakes.,' said ho, ' that's real grand.' 'It is conootnod .with ray story,' Bhe said. 'Listen'— and sbo nodded to Mr. Banger as bo ambled from tbe room, the ideal of an intellectual tomtit in pantaloons. Then Bhe told' tho story ns wo know it. The oaptain listened intontly, surprised, exoited. ?'??'??? :?. ? 'I know the man,' bo oried, as sho oon oludod. 'I know the man— a dollar to a red oent.' ' : ''And I also,' was the answer, gravely. 'It was tho man you knew as Viokers— whose name is LasoassaB.' '.' 'Hal' said theloaptain. 'Iguossyonknew him afore. Yon wasn't strange,' I notiood, -nor madam either.' 'Yes, wo knew him before,' said the woman, sadly ; ' God knows we did,' and abo oovered her eyes with her hand. Again Oaptain Bath noticed the ring. He started. 'SokoB,' he muttered, 'that's the ring. Then you got it back from the thief.' 'Yes,' she answered,. solemnly, 'it was reoovered from the thief. If I were to tell you by what ogenoy — as I foel and know the truth — you would not believe.' 'Wall,' said the oaptain, ' I'm not given to goin' the hull aligater in belief. . But I shouldn't doubt your truth in tellin' me.' ' Then listen. Do you believe in oom munioation from tbe spirit world f' 'Sartain,' said he, oalmly. ' I've seen a heap of ghosts in my time.' And be looked searohingly at her. 'Not three months' ago,' said Ada Laplaoe, ' as I sat in the evening, writing, there came to me a presenoe whiob I felt and knew, but could not see. Had this been. all, I should have doubted. But I felt— I swear it is the truth — a shadowy hand upon my brow. My eyes closed under the resist less pressure. For some moments I sat thus — a oliill running through my blood — a feeling whioh I oannot desoribe ruling my being. Presently, with a start of relief, and a sense of warmth inspiring me, I awoke from tbis oondition. And there, as I solemnly swear to you, lay this ring.' ' Wall,' said Oaptain Bath, who had listened qnietly, ''taint tout of reason. Thar s somethin' oonsarning that tbar ring mor nor ornary.' ' True,' murmnred the woman, abstraot edly, ' more than ordinary. You are right. But now,' Bhe went on, with an effort, ' you have heard my story. The crime whioh so nearly brought Mr. Harrington^ to ruin was certainly the work of Viokers or LaacasBaB. If he did but know that she who was his viotim was his aunt I' ' What ?' ' Yes ; it is true. I know it. But tbis is beside the question. And now, as you know all, are you satisfied to let this obild oome to me?' ' Quite,' was the answer. ' I will bring her to you at once,' and he arose with tbe deoision of one who had made np hia mind and meant to act. Soon he returned, bringing Bertba with him. Tbe girl looked qniokly at the woman. Then, as thonghbysoma sudden instinot, they read eaob other's thoughts, eaoh turned and embraced. What is this mysterious sym pathy whioh so often aotuates us, and by whioh we are aUraoted or repelled P 'My dear girl,' s&id; Ada Laplaoe, 'I shall do my best to make you happy.' ' I am snre of it,' was Bertha's answer ; ' there is that in your face whioh tells me bo. And I, on my part, shall strive to merit your confidoDce.' The Bkipper standing by, and, as was his wont, thoughtfully stroking his ohin, mut tered : ' Animal magnetism, I guess. Wall, there's a deal in seoh matters we know nothin' abeout, and so we laugh at 'em ;' and with this he followed the ladiea into the lunoheon-room. s It was a bright and pleasant room, its appointments telling of tbe taste of its mis tress. The repast wob as,eloquont. It is by suoh scatters that we read the oharaoter ; and Bertba, noting everything around with that quiok appreciation whioh was an ele ment of her nature, and which delighted in warmth, graoe, and light, felt more than ever assured that she and Miss Laplaoe would be happy in their relations. CHAPTER XXI. 0 M I NO TJ B N E W S. Mr. Todd, : junior, fairly furnished with means by his indulgent father, established himself in very cosy chambers in the neigh- ' bourhood of Clement's Inn. He had at first a faint idea of studying for the law, with the ultimate purpose of becoming Lord Ohan oellor of England, and bo raising the mis tress of his heart to a high sooial station. Bat this idea was abandoned by Todd, junior, when, having oommnnioated it to Mr. Chum pie, that personage pointed out that olpso study over misty law books invariably im perilled the use of spootaoles at an early age, and developed orowafeet, wrinkles, and suoh like enemies to personal appearance aa wero ill-fitted to attraot a young and beautiful woman. Whereat Todd, junior, wagged his nose and ohin in a very Punoh-like manner, and gavo up all notion of the Lord Chanool lorship. Abandoning ambition in tbis direotion, he entered upon its path in another. He here agnin adopted the advioe of tbe wily Ohum ple, and, devoting himeolf to the study of at tire, the nira of the great dandiea he met in the Bow, the parks, and the utreots, soon be oamo the model of a man abouMown. Also, ho took to certain tastes whioh, though little' consonant with bis natural weaknesses, were nevertheless — as urged by Mr. Ohumple ? tbe tastes of young gentlemen of standing in society. ' You Bee, sir,' said Mr. Obumpln, ns ho one morning brought bis master a jorum of fiodnand brandy — for Todd, junior, had, nlas I fallen upon dissipation the previous night — 'a young gentleman as is not fly to tbe wnyB of tong oan hardly be anpposod to stand a ohanoo with them that is. Now, this here young lady bein', as I judge, a young lndy of sperrit, will nattorally look to sperrit in him ns seeks ber offeotionp. You should let her see yon, sir, on 'omebnok occasionally';' or strollin' in fashionable style along the Btreet, and let her Bee by your hair and style, sir, as you knows what the world is.' ' Mr. Cbumpln turned away and bestowod a wink upon himself in approval of his own eloqnonoe. Todd, junior, whoso nnturnl in stinots led to simplicity, and avoided tho glare and feverish folly of what fast young men called lifo, was, nevertheless, much impressed by Mr. Ohninple's worldly wisdom. And so be would attiro him Belt after the model of the swoll guardsman ho observed in the streetB, and mounting ahorse, a feat he only learned with muoh labour and porseveranoo at a neighbouring riding Behuol, ho would pranoo np to tho; door of Bertha's oottage, and there inqniro after her hoalth, or deliver sorao mesBago from his mothnr. Bartha, of conrBO, understood the youth's, prolenoea. But sho wna honestly very friendly to Tood, junior, ?; who hud provo'd so staunab and true ? and albeit sho oould not avoid an occasional laugh at Todd, junior's, wagging noso and fashionable smirk as be approaohod the house. Sho was always ready with a smile and grtioions words. Thus, then, Todd junior's hopes re vived ; and this arising mnoh out of Mr. Cliumplu's counsel, that pferRonage's influVnoe' rind wages were .naturally'' very ini'upb. augmented. '\ ' -- -.????? '''? ???? ???' i.-ii; '-'.'? In tlio 'meantime, however,1 it inrtst lie' confessed that Todd, juuibr, fell intoi'ovil, ways. (Habit; ns we know, is a great master ; and the habits whioh the young mnn- nbwji acquired in, bis pursuit of fashionable dis-i Bipiitjon— as necessary to fashionable dh-i tinotiou — wero not, of n oharaoter to give his parentBj had they .known; tho truth, a very^ favourable impression of, .their, offspring's stability of oharaoter. ' Mr. Todd, junior, in deed, having fallen in with a faBt set, had beaome surprisingly woll-informed in fast1 \ ways; so that, within six months of his real- : denoo in London, he waB in the habit of giving little suppers to oertain ladies and gentlemen whose lax notions and moralities would have Bhooked Todd, senior, more than he bad even been surprised by the explosion of bis own torpedoos. , j ' It|hnppened that Viokers, being in London,' and pressed for money,- oame aoross Mr. Todd, junior, as that young gentleman, com ing home from the opera, was having a row, with a oabman. Viokers, settling tho matter by a prompt and friendly interference, was thanked by Todd, junior, with effuBive grati tude. Cards wero exohanged. The next day the gentlemen mot. Did Viakers know, bo and so? Know them. He should, think so. They were as brothers and sisters.: ! Would Mr. Viokers then honour! Mr. Todd, junior, by his presence at a little supper at ' hia rooms that evening. Mr. Viokers would be delighted.. And bo, that evening, among the com pany of actresses and their cavaliers, Mr. Viokers found a place. If Mr. Todd, junior, had been an observant young man be might have seen that eome very signifi cant glances passed between the men when Mr. Vickers was announced' by Mr. Chumple, and that among tho ladies a certain flutter was perceptible, such as. ocours in a dove-cote when a hawk is seen aloft, ready poised for a descent upon its ocoupants. . But Mr. VickerB, whatever he might think of the manner of the reception,' gave no; indication of itB effect upon him. He was,1 as easy and composed ns ever, saluting several of the gentlemen by familiar names, and doing the like by some of the ladies. It was evident by tbe manner of those so favoured that Mr. Vickers was a little more feared than liked. As he would have himself argued, this was just the position for a man of . the world to be placed in. ' And where have you been these many months, Mr. Vickers?' asked one stout gentleman, a leading heavy' man at one of the London theatres. - 1 'My good Podgy,' said Mr. Viokers, picking at iv fowl'a wins;, ' how you talk. One would think that I possessed one of those mechanical memories whioh, I understand, are so useful in your profes sion. I have been everywhere — to Paris, Borne, Florence, Vienna, Prague — ay, to Constantinople itself.' * 'Lord 1' said Mr. Todd, junior. 'What a luoky follow 1' ' Don't think it, my dear, biv,'. said Vickers. ' Travel is a grest bore. I tried America two years baok, was wreoked and carried to Australia. That was Blightly Bxoiting.' ' Wreoked I' echoed the company. 'Ay, in the Hellespont. You may re member hearing of it.' ' God blesB me !' exclaimed Todd, junior. 'This is very singular.'1 ' In what respeot, Mr. Todd ?' 'Well, I don't mean that it is exactly singular, you know — a sort of coincidence.' 'Why, were you, too, wrecked?' asked Viokera. ' I don't remembor.' [ ' Me ! Oh, no; not at all. Only I know n young lady who had a cousin in that vessel, and he, too, was carried to Aus tralia.' ' Inconvenient cousin, Mr. Todd,' cried a fair actress. 'He should hive been drowned.'- ' Not at all,' said Todd, junior. ' But the fact is, I take somo interest in the— the — young lady, you know.' . ' DoubtleBB,' murmured tho company, significantly, leaving Mr. Todd blushing and perspiring. 'What was our cousin's name, sir?' asked Vickers. ' Harrington, sir — Mr. Edward Harring ton.' Not oven Mr. Vickofs' powers of self command could quite control the pallor which grew into his face as he heard this. 'I knew him,' he said. 'In faot, he was a sort of comrade of mine. But, poor fellow, he got into some sotape about an actreas and her jewellery, and left for New Zoaland. You may have heard of her. A Miss Ada Laplace,' be went on, look ing around' at tbe company. ' ' Of course,' assented several, and then Todd, junior, eagerly stuttered, 'That'a it. That's the lady by whom my — no, the young lady I take ti sort of interest in, you know — is employed.' — '.Eli!' said Vickers. 'No. Ada La-' place died of small-pox at Bio Janeiro.' ' Not a bit of it,' said the stout aotor, glad of an opportunity to oontradiot one who had so familiarly addressed him as Podgy. 'Not a bit of it. I saw hor this very day. Sho don't aot now, though. Beauty gone — eyesight bad, and all that.' 'Do you mean to say,' oriod Viokera, sternly, 'that Ada Laplace, the actress, is here in London 1' (To be continued.) 