Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. I left the Opposition on Thursday behind a barricade of resolutions, declarations, and protests that they had thrown up, and on Friday at midday they were fighting doggedly behind it. In fact I may almost say they were fighting with joy and cheerfulness. That protruding-aoaUplook • of Dickson's waved like a banner iv the breese, the light of battle was in his eye, and he had, as the Scotch say, " gotten to hia English" in the sheer excitement of the struggle. But I regret to add that one of the Opposition champions— the Douglas himself, no less—took an unworthy advantage of his foe. Mounted on the wall he rated in Homeric terms his pet opponent Palmer. Keeping one eye on the hands of the dock,, which were fast approaching the fateful hour of one—the time when by the ancient custom a truce' had to be called—he roasted that honorable and irascible gentleman till he audibly fizzled under the1 attack. It would hay« been bad enorigh if he had' continued without intermission till the actual hour, but, with a refinement of cruelty which I would hardly have attributed to him, he left poor Palmer just a few minutes to reply. He did his best in the time, but indignant speech struggled vainly for sufficiently rapid utterance. Still he did his best, as I said before, and the concluding words of " Hansard"—" The hon. gentleman is a coward, he ," show that he had got into fair swing when the Speaker, stern, cold, and impassive, clipped the glowing oration and re* duced the speaker to inarticulate wrath.' I coald have found it in my heart to be very bard ett Dnngl.is as he softly rubbed hia handa and chuckled, but that there lay before him a " t*-» morrow, and yet another to*morrow." Alsw ! when that to-morrow—it wm Monday by the way—came, there was yet another night. Thn ntonewnll stood, but its defenders cowered behind it ; and their leader, a worn dejected* looking man, sat at the table communing sadly with the besieging chieftain. It was a truce, evidently to consider the terms of aubmiss'on. Sir, you have read the sad narrative of the whole sale surrenders that marked the opening scenes of the Franco-Prussian war, when large French armies, out-generalled, beaten, and tome said Itetrayed, surrendered to their enemies. They were pitiful scenes, and if you will combine the painful spectacle of Sedan with the more humi liating picture of Metz in your mind's eye, I will endeavor to describe the Opposition sur render on Monday. Their stem fee gave tfaen no terms. There waa no marching out with colon flying and arm* proudly borne aloft—Urn surrender mi unconditional, the submission com plete. Baaaine-Grimth, with brakes voice and despairing gettoro, surrendered his sword to Field-marshal M'llwraith. Behind and beside him stood a sorry remnant of bis onoe gallant army. The offioer snapping his sword and throw ing down the fragments at the feet of the exulting foe was represented by M'Lean, whose submission was a mere yielding to over-master ing foroa. " You can't," interjected Hill, when he angrily declared that he would have continued the fight. "I'm just the man that can and would," replied the sturdy leader of the Logan contingent. The Torco, grinning in the very spitefulneas of repressed rage like a chained wild cat, may be likened to Rea, as he sat with folded arms looking at " honorable membahs opposite." The conqueror accepted his victory with a quiet, abnost troubled, manner. I think he was em bfrrassed by the very completeness of his oon queat. His close ranks sat silent for the most pfu-t, though the " subsection " did a little scalp waving, and I f anoy their leader would not have njinded an antique triumph, and doing the block with bis prostrate, foe chained to his chariot. However, the business was soon closed, and the tiuits of victory, the trunk line vote, passed, There was a little pro formd objection, a faint attempt on the part of the Opposition remnant tp ask for terms, but it was the negotiation of men who had given up their arms and who had no hope of obtaining by pleading that. which they had given up the chanoa, of winning by fighting. The victor gravely pointed out the absurdity of the plea, and it was evidently a hopeless one. In fact, the army had scattered, arid for the most part gone home; those who remained sat gloomy and silent. Only Diekson, ijrith cheerful and unconquerable pluok, con tinued tboa* polysyllabic representations which he makes so glibly, and which are so little heeded. I will hurry over the rest of the scene, as indeed the Assembly hurried over it Per haps it was well that it should have been so, but I have always a tender feeling for unsuccess ful men, heightened or rather diminished if they also happen to have made fools of themselves, as becomes a writer of froth in your grave and sterling pages. , Next day opened with another sorrowful scene. The beaten warriors had rallied a'little, suffi ciently at least to raise the cry of " Nout tommt trdhu." But perhaps I am wrong in taking a French phrase to indicate the attitude of Kings ford, who is English and CromweUian to the backbone. Imagine a Prentioe Boy of Derry, If his mates had/oOfri to shut the gates on that memorable occasion, rating his recreant leader; fancy one of Old Noll's Ironside*, if their taptain had mads his submission to h« "man Charles," and yon can picture o yourself Kingsford as h» stood up and denounced the downfalls© Griffith. MH» ball never more be leader of mine," cried he, With indefinite memories of profane literature floating through his excited brain. " Shall I fol ow such a Yuxaf' he almost shrieked, with; ferni* line vehemence. I saw the teardrops tWittkW in lTllwraitbY bright eye, Palmer blew hiTnow fconorously, the wild Mprehead looked soft almost [or a moment, and the yet wilder Hill seemedfor ih6 time to have become a little child again, and (to have left the rugged exterior produced by all those years in tbVwttd NsveT-nsver, sad hfa Spartan diet of salt innk and pigweed. In fact, when the member for the Gregory rose po Us feet his void* was broken1 with emotion ; there {were tear* In his speech as the high-pitched tone* {struggled to express the feelings Oat mastered ihitn. I vow to you, sir, that, grown gray as I' {have in watching and reporting the sorrows of {this sorrowful world, I never felt so moved as by this soene. Bailey showed bit teeth |wHh an almost convufa ye grin ,as ha flew to the. jreMue of hia chief, anH, with mixed metaphor, ilikened Kingston! toL JghHunt andapoodW dog. IM'llwraith lapsed into his broadest Kil nsmms as he bore testimony to the anxiety that Sam's attacks had caused him ; even Palmar growkd i encouragement to hfa downcast foe. But perhaps Morehead'a plan was the beat* I have read, in i one of Kingsley's yarns I believe, of a queer scene in an Irish court in London. A man had gone to visit a poor woman, a great leader of local factions, who was in sore affliction. He found the court with pavement almost empty, but in the centre of it stood another virago, the old enemy of the stricken one, standing there wkh arms a-kimbo and shouting the old ; terms of abuse that had formerly been so effec tive in bringing her out. He was shocked at the scene, and remonstrated with the fury. "Whisht. j now, I tell ye the poor crathur is down, and I'm just thryiog to cheer her a bit." She knew her I old friend and opponent bettor than h» did. So with Morehead. Ho rose and patted Kingaford on the head, protesting against hia side laying , "the. butter on with a trowel," accusing them of i an insidious design of bringing Griffith over, and I declaring-that if he'came there he (Morehead) | wwild cross to the opposite benches. The i plan- aueoeeded. Griffith raised his down- I oast face, and there was a reviving twinkle j ' in hia dewy eye, while Garrick, with almost j effusive gratitude thanked Morehead for th« i "tonic" be had administered. After that business went on swimmingly, v«ry swimmingly. ' It does one good in these pinched and starving ; trsaes to 'hear men dispose of hundreds of j thousands in such a rapid manner, with the glib readiness of draper*' assistants taking orders. "Railway toSandgate,mum? yes, mum. Sweet thing in railways, and not at all expensive—oh, no, very cheap for the quality. And what will be the next thing 1 Railway to Killarney ? yes, mum; will make it aa low as we can." And so forth. Some hop. members, conscious that they had not secured a line for their constituents, en deavored to make peace with them by regretful orations. This was notably the case with the number for Cook, the talking member. I notice, sir, these Northern pain arrange so that one does all the talking. Stubley does the speaking for the Kennedy, Palmer sits still and silently takes notes. And Walsh talks for the Cook while Cooper stalks like a speechless ghost across the floor. But Waltfh talks—oh, ye god", does he not talk .' An unwise friend complimented him on the fluency with which he delivered his opening oration, snd from that day he has been a ruined man. And this reminds me of a yarn that I have beard, A a alllicted man, bedridden, wkolives in this town, has been m the1 habit of reading thaT'l HktW'' of both Houses. He has done this not solely fat amusement; bat because he has discovered v* it . a strange virtue. The reported speeches of cer tain members infallibly send him to sleep. And' the mystic virtue of the report ia auoh that he hat. only to open the page when a certain name occurs,. lay it under his pillow, and forthwith he falls into < sweet and refreshing slumber. This effect it ■ especially noticeable in the reports of the speeches. of Walsh, our Walsh, sir, our old and respected friend, now translated to a higher and mom etherial sphere. But a strange thing lately happened to the sufferer. Opening thoughtlessly a page of the wrong "Hansard," he saw tb* same Walsh appear many times in the column. He laid the paper under his head, and composed himself to slumber. But the spell failed. Ha continually started from Bleep with horrid dceass* of being assailed by the continuous buzzing ef a persistent bluebottle fly! Starting up h* snatched the paper from his pillow, and glancing; at it discovered his error. ■ It was Walsh oi Cook town I , Well, sir, we voted our three millions, and M'llwraith assured the disappointed on#j> that he would try and leave the w»y» open for another loan in perhaps eight*** months. This consoles me, for I also am blight**. Here is a loan of three millions about to be MB tracted, equal to £60 a head for every one of th*) -50,000 white adults said to be in the colony, and there has been no provision for me. I shall n«t get a sixpence, sir, not a red cent Therefor*) you will understand that lam glad to lean from my friend M'llwraith that he will be ready to do another little bill in a short time, and"! trust I shall have my share of the plunder* However, to return to my story. On Wednes day the Opposition had recovered a littl*. Baiaine-Grlmth was able to make some mild objections, and the Colorado Beetle, a littl* less) aavag* than before, was in his place. But th* Opposition ranks were wofully thus. Business went on rapidly, but in jerks. It was lik* a watch with a broken spring running down. Th* pace was terrific, and there were only spasmodfe jerks now and again, as the bits of th* fractal** mechanism caught the chain. However, ia. default of a proper Opposition there are sosja* sign* that a new one will develop itself on tfc* Government side. There was some growling over old sores. The Civil Service Co-operatfar* Store cam* in for its usual attack; it is* son point with some members. In this connection it was funay to hear Walsh, is) an ootourst of frankness, declare that all whets* sale traders throughout the colony brok* th* l*j> forbidding them to sell liquors by the singlsv fbottl*. Still more fanny was Petkin*' am*. interjection " Rsospt one," and hi. mow elaborate Iproteat to toe same effect when he got oaty* 'legs. Th* hon. member for Aubigny, I think* •sometime* forget* even yet that he is a Minister, His appeal to "my colleagues 1' to remedy, a , certain abase was couched very union in >tti*> [style of a private member addressing the Ministry of th* day. By.the-way, Perkins look ,ing modest while being oompKmented en the 'manner in which he administers th* Lands :D*pMtm*nt was rclreshing; so also wa*.Jfcs, jgrav* and oU experienced air with whiehM«eton, t standing with legs well apart, did the coo.pl,* menting; so also was the "who's afraid " afr : with which Batledge denoanced the evil deads. o| 'the Co-operating Civil servants, while I>itpi*n, .sat silent and shivering. We knocked off two .whole departments that night* and spent two I hoars talking over a lat* appointment inthffj ! next on*, and yet went to bed before half-past 10.. On Thursday we got .into private business of the ordinary kind. Meston's bill for reducing , the Governor's salary was rejected, and tot d«i , him justice he seemed a little ashamed of;,it It was a measure dating from the Sturm watf Drang period of the honorable member's career, (when he wae convinced that it was his mission to i reform and alter everything and everybody, from the Parliamentary refreshment bar to the Gover nor's emoluments. He knows better now, and gets rid of his superfluous enthusiasm by fancy, historical sketches, and the introduction of an , occasional excerpt from his dictionary of classical, ; quotations. It is worthy of remark that Kings* ford moved that the bill be read in six months' time. Ironaides-Kingsford belies his character in , one respect: he shows no desire to cut down the state pertaining to our local reflection of Qoyalty. The debate settled down on • Very I unpromising subject, the Bankers' Books Evi dence Bill, which was subjected to a mild coarse of stonewalling. Swanwick acted as leader of the Obstructionists. The honorable member for B'ulimba is not alwaya happy in his wit, it savors, of the police court with a lax bench of magistrates' presiding. For instance, feeling it incumbent on him to attack Mr. Griffith, he went' on in this] strain, "I am not a dead lion, and I do not lay the flattering unction to my soul that I am likely to become a living one for some years to come. He need not, however, despair. Men who can* ' not indulge in the unctuous luxury of turtlsj soup put up with a substitute called mock-turtle. Mr. Swanwick is not likely to become a real lion in Parliament or out of it, but he may easily become a mock one. The ohief ingredient In both substitutes may be the same—in the soup it is calf s head. One feature of th* discussion was the levity—the awful levity. I am inclined to call it—with which some speakers referred to bank manager-. Walsh declared that they were no better than otbur men—in fact, rather worse; and Macrossan bad a strong con* viction that as a class they were an exceedingly bad lot Now, sir, I daren't refer to bank man* agere in this strain, as I know that one of them might Btraightway inscribe certain cabalistic letters on documents of mine that would bring me to open grief and shame. But I must confess I liked to hear these courageous men speak thus; their balances must be very sound. This, sir, was about all in my line. The buai* ness closed without anything more that I need refer to. •• ' The traffic earnings on the Southern JAnd We«tern Railway line for the week ending August 16 amounted to £3060 sa. 5cL; and on th« Central line to £662 Bs. 6d.; showing (as wit pared with the corresponding week of last yew) •jJecrea*) of £645 Is. iv the former oa#e, an 4 £172 ltta. lud. in the latter. 