LECTURES, ENTERTAINMENTS, &c; A concert in aid of the funds of the A.C.B.S, Band, held on Friday evening, at St. Francis Xavier's Hall, was very well attended, and went off most successfully. An attract? ve programme of vocal and instrumental music was performed, with Mr. McBride as director, ? and Mr. McSherry as leader of the Band. The principal performers were Mr. J. L. Hall, Misses O'Sullivan, O'Brien, Flaherty, and Messrs. Wilkins, Westropp, and Hailes. Several, i pieces were encored, and the concert and drawing-room entertainment by the Amateur Christjs provoked a large amount of apprecia tion from the audience. A Hra.ma.tit* and rmieinnl ATitavfainrnftnt in aid of tile f unds'of St. Thomas's Church was held in the Lecture Hall of the Port Lincoln Institute on Saturday evening, February 15. A few lady and gentlemen amateurs, assisted by a visitor whose histrionic fame and kindness in such matters had been heralded long before his arrival, at a very short notice attempted the well-known farces of 'Betsy Baker' and 'My Turn Next,' the result being an entire success. A musical interlude, in which a variety of pianoforte selections were admirably rendered, made an agreeable break in the programme, and no doubt the proceeds will materially assist the liquidation of the debt on the building. An entertainment was given at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday even ing, February 17, by a large number of lady acd gentleman amateurs for the benefit of the Port Adelaide Cricket Club. There was a good at tendance. Mr. D. Bower, M.P., occupied the chair. The programme was long and varied and was gotjturough very satisfactorily. It contained the usual comic and sentimental songs and duets, with a recitation here and there for variety. The songs in which Messrs. T. and Or. Bishop took part were especially well rendered. Mr. Fleetwoodsang' Where the Native Roses Grow' in good style, following it up by one of his well-known dances, which seemed to take amazingly. Amongst the others who took part in the proceedings were the Misses Oldfield and Stanford, and Messrs. E. A. Fry, Fiisell,S. Evans, Fleetwooi, A.^Law, and Eunson. Mr. J. W. Ch'annon was the pianist. Altogether the entertainment was a decided success, and afforded a good evening's amusement to the audience. Amusement - seekers will learn with pleasure that Adelaide is to be visited at Easter by Professor S. S. Baldwin, who is styled *' the Spirit King,' and whose remarkable per formances have been very successful in Victoria. 'Professor Baldwin/' a correspondent writes, 'is decidedly a clever fellow, in fact, the most clever in his line that has been seen in the colonies. His performance exhibits all the startling effects of the Davenports and Fay, only everything is done in the light, and he makes all sorts of fun of his mediums,' or as one of the Victorian papers puts it, ' The Pro fessor's remarks are characterised by a dry, racy, unctuous humor and a keen satire, in which he freely indulges frequently at the expense of himself and Ms Committee.' The Professor is accompanied by his wife, Katie Baldwin, whose. ' clairvoyant seances are most extraordinary. An old Adelaide friend, Mr. Thomas Kennedy, . formerly of the Kennedy Troupe, is the business i manager, A Christy Minstrel entertainment was . given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on ; Thursday evening; February 13, for the benefit of Mr. R. Hamilton, who lost the use of his legs ; some time ago through being knocked down by , . an omnibus. It was given under the auspicas j of the Loyal Duke of YorkLodge of Oddfellows, ' of which Mr. Hamilton is a member. Both the hall and the. gallery were well filled, iu the ? former hardly standing-room being left for those : who arrived somewhat late. The proceedings ; were opened by a short speech from Mr. -?oun- ! cillor Mains, who briefly explained the object j of the entertainment, and asked the audience to ' make allowances for any hitch that might occur, as nearly all the company were amateurs, and gave their services gratuitously. The programme : comprised comic and sentimental minstrel i songs, to which were added ft Fiye minutes with Medina and his Banjo,' and a laughable farce, ; entitled ' A Colored Gentleman in want of Pro i visions.' There were also gymnastic exercises j on a horizontal bar, which were gone through in j a most admirable manner, and were thoroughly . enjoyed. The songs were pretty well rendered, w Cook the Goose' by Bones and . the ' The ; Wreck 6f the Northfleet' seemea to take the | most. The best part of the entertainment was Mr. Frank Medina's performances oh the banjo, which were really excellent, and well-deserved the hearty plaudits of the audience which they received. Mr. B. J. Willimott presided at the piano. An entertainment by members of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge, No. $, and' the Black Diamond Minstrels was given in the Tem perance Hall, North Adelaide, on Friday even ing, February 14. There-was a large attendance, and those present seemed to be well satisfied With Jhe programme provided. Mr. B. P. Cocks was Chairman. The entertainment commenced with.a Christy Minstrel performance, in -which the customary jokes were bandied about by Bones (Mr. B. F. M. Keffer), and Tambo (Mr. K. Si -J. Nairae)., Mr. W. Collins sang 'What should make thee sad,' and a jubilee, 'Uncle Jefferson,' was^iyen by Mr. Nairne. Mr. S. E Evans rendered ** Angels called her,' in good style, and Messrs. Keffer j A. Beliin, and F. Si Delano gained considerable applause for their songs. During an interval Mr. S. E. Evans was presented by the members of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge with four volumes of the poets as a recognition of his services as Secretary during the past three years. Mr. It. E. Rogers also, presented Mr. Evans with a volume of the .'Ingoldsby Legends.' The reci pient responded in suitable terme. Miss Perry man afterwards sang 'Killarney'' and -f Dermot Asthore/' in an excellent manner, and received hearty encores. Messrs. A. E. Skawyer and W. Wright gave recitations, ?? The Ship on Fire,' and ' The Execution of Montrose/' and Mr. J. H McKechnie convulsed the audience with laugh ter in a comic recitation, 'Kanty OKyan.' Two songs, ' The Bridge ' and ' Charley, jwre Welcome,' were well givea by lady amateurs. Sir. Gr. Bishop gave two comic songs, 'Court- ing in the rain' and 'Please come on Sunday George,' to the evident amusement of all pre sent. A laughable sketch entitled 'Joe's Ghost,' in which Mr. A. E. Shawyer took the part of Old Moses the Jew j Mr. S. E. Evans, Toby, his clerk; and Mr. R.S. C. Nairne, Joe, the stable boy, concluded the entertainment, and sent the audience away in good humor. Mr. A. D. Beetson presided at the piano. A tea meeting and musical and literary entertainment in connection with the oxjening of the new Lecture Hall of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church took place on Tuesday evening, February 18. Both gatherings were well attended, the hall being crowded at the I latter, which was presided over by Mr. D. : Murray. The programme .for the entertainment I was well selected, and contained pianoforte i solos, songs, recitations, readings, and choruses, ! all of which were well rendered and elicited \- much applause. Amongst: those ladies and I gentlemen who took part in the proceedings i were Mesdames Fleming and Gordon, the Misses Lyall,. Welter, Vandepeer, Everett, and Brown,andMeBsrs.G.B.Sketheway,McKeehnie, T. Taseie, Allan, J. W. Marshall, and Bickford. During the evening .the Chairman said he was sure, that all ' present would be glad to see such a handsome room. ! (Applause.) When he landed in the colony I some six weeks ago from England and saw the alterations that had been made in connection .with the Church ho, was astonished. He was i delighted with the handsome appearance of the3 hall as well as with the many cbnveniences.it possessed. Their, worthy pastor must be re I joiced at heart in having such a building to held his evening services in. The Church for ' such meetings was too large, or rather there were too few people to fill it. (Laughter.) In their little seesion-house they were of ten over crowded, and he was sure at times: the heat was very trying. The new building would be advantageous in many -ways, and the young men would have -ample oppor tunity afforded them to display their literary powers. The Sunday-school teachers also must be pleased, as there had been great diffi culty in conducting the classes in the Church. He trusted that both the teachers and scholars would now display more energy in their work. The building had cost about £1,560, which he considered very cheap. More land had been purchased for the erection, and the debt on the Church had been consequently increased to a little more than £2,000. He was sure that those persons who had the interest of the Church at heart would do their best to clear off the debt. (Applause). The proceedings were brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. On Tuesday evening, February 18, Mr. T. Francis delivered an instructive and enter taining lecture in the Norwood Town Hall ou ' The Telephone, Microphone,and Phonograph.' There was a large attendance, the juvenile element preponderating. The lecture was in aid of the funds of the local Institute, the Vice-President of which, Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P., occupied the chair. The Chairman stated that it was proposed to construct an additional room to the Institute at an increased expenditure of £700, which would be subsidised by Government to the extent of a similar amount. Towards the realization of the £700 the President of the Institute, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., had promised £lC0as« personal subscription, and had agreed to raise an additional £100. He (the Chairman) believed that the Institute was not appreciated as it ought to be by the inhabitants of Norwood. They had a very good library and a reading room fairly provided with books and magazines. These persons who had books lying about their houses which they did not require would, he said, confer a benefit on the Institute by. giving , [ them to the library. In describing the telephone the lecturer observed, that it was a discovery ?? generally attributed to Professor Graham Bell, : although in 1S61 a German, named Reiss invented an instrument the leading prin-. ciples of which were very similar to those employed by Bell iu his tel - phone. Strange to say, Reiss never ap peared to have entertained the idea that his instrument might be made 'to . transmit as well as to receive articulations. At the present : time telephones were extensively used in many of the mines of Europe, as well as in many busi ness premises. At the commencement of his experiments Professor Bell experienced a great difficulty in having to use two instruments in . transmitting sound, viz., one to receive and the other to transmit the sound. This obstacle was, ; however, overcome by a Mr .-Pierce, who invented ; a very simple and effective instrument that per formed both operations. For a long time it was thought that the successful working . of the telephone depended on the light-. ' ness of the material used in the diaphragm : of the instrument. But this, a gentle : man named Fergusson, living in Edinburgh, i showed, was not a matter of paramount import ance, as aheavy piece of metal would act in a : similar way. The history and construction of the microphone and phonograph were also de ; scribed by Mr. Francis, who made, several. in- teresting experiments with the three instru i ments forming the subject of the lecture. The I wonderful minuteness with which the phono graph reproduced each variation in the tone of the speaker was a subject of admiration, while ? the repetition of the words in which the initial : aspirate had; been eliminated was greeted with roars of laughter. On Friday evening, February 14, the i Rev. J. J. Westwood delivered an interesting lecture, in the Stow Lecture Hall, ou ' Ttie Great Pyramid, the year 1881, and the close of the present e^a,' Mr.J.E. Moulden occupied ! the chair. The hall was about half full. Before dealing particularly with the Great Pyramid, ;the lecturer traced the history, construction and designs of the other Egyptian pyramids, ? which have been variously estimated at 45, 67, and 130 in number. Iu speaking of the Great . Pyramid, which was represented in sec tions ob a large diagram, and its symbolic religious references, Mr. Westwood expressed his great indebtedness to Professor ? P. Smythe, whohasmade this pyramid a special ? study ; but he rather naively informed the audi ' ence that he did not believe all that would be advanced in the lecture, although he did think : that the greater part of it had the color of truth. : West of the Gaza group is situated the Great ? Pyramid, erected 2170 b.c. The author and ; object of this gigantic pile of .masonry .were 1 longs shrouded in mystbry, but for many years it was, the received opinion that Cheops, one of : the Egyptian Pharoahs, had caused it to be built I for a sepulchre. The researches of modern archaeologists had shown that- this theory was untenable, and that if the Egyptians had con : structed the pyramid it was under some gigantic external pressure, and before they had assumed their subsequent proud position amongst the nations of antiquity. It was generally admitted that if Cheops did build the pyramid he acted under the direction of. Phyletus, the Greek form of the Hebrew name Melchisedec. It is affirmed that Phyletus, Melchisedec, or 'King of Righteousness,' could not find ; an appropriate site in Palestine for the erection of this - gigantic- monument and pro-- : phetic diorama, and he consequently went to ; Egypt, where for the space of 30 years ; he had 240,000 men employed on the works, at the : completion of which he returned to Palestine , and built Jerusalem. The chequeredhistory of the pyramid was afterwards traced by the lec turer through the earlier Christian centuries, ; the Mahommedau domination, and the dark , ages up to modern times. Mr. Westwood sub sequently gave the length of the various pas sages and chambers in the pyramid in Scriptural ? cubic inches, which strangely coincided with the opinions advanced.by Professor Smythe and other well-known students of unfulfilled j prophesies. The year 1881 is specified a» the : end of the present era by Professor Smythe ac cording tothe teaching of the Great Pyramid as J interpreted by him. The end of the present era, however, the. lecturer 'explained, could not mean the end of the world, as the pyramid pro ? vided for another stage of existence which was . to follow the disastrous epoch commenced by ! that year. This Professor Smythe believed would j coincide with the Scriptural prediction, when ' the angels of heaven in the future times of j trouble wjuld take charge of and protect *' the ' elect.' According. to the eminent Egyptologist ^quoted by. the lecturer, the Great Pyramid ; teaches that the English people are the lost | ten tribes. At the conclusion of .the lee hire. [Mr. Westwood quoted Mother Shipton's pro J phecy, which' of course bears but the pecusiar | theory of Professor Smjthe and his followers. I ? — — i ? r~ '♦ ? T 