?^^^p^^j^B^piMBMBEp)SSSgsSSBMMgWSJBBISBBl REMINISOENOE OFNIAOARA I rkmbmbeb when I was a boy tbat a man got into the rapids here, baring been carried down in a boat, which was broken to pieces. He had the good for tune to be dashed on a rock, to which he clung. It was at the height of the sea sou— August, if I recollect— and he clnne tlieie for fully thirty-six hours. Every body streamed out of tbe hotels and the village ; the banks of the river, parti cularly on this side, were .thronged with people anxioas to do something to save him. Dozens of plans were suggested ; some attempted, but they all failed. Thousands of dollars were offered to any body who would rescue him. The des perate situation of the man had been tele graphed over the country, and every train brought crowds of passengers hither to witness it with their own eyes. Ho was encouraged by shouts from the bank, but whether he could understand anything is doubtful. The world is said to be unsympathetic. It is, or appears to be, unsympathetic, because the object for which sympathy is asked is abstract. When it is tangible, visible, all w changed. Here was an ex emplification. This poor wretch could be seen. He was an ordinary uneducated man ; Mid the brotherhood and sister hood of the race went out to him in pity and intense eagerness to rescue him. Women of fashion, blase club men, selfish middlings grew pale as they watched the unhappy wretch, so vivid was their sym pathy. Many persons sat up all night looking across the seething roaring waters at the small dark figure still clinging to the rock. The morning came ; renewed efforts were made, but they all miscarried. The crowd had increased ; it was immense. Every body was excited. Tears were in the women's eyes ; the pallor gleamed through the rouge of some of their cheeks. Can't something be done? Must the poor fellow perish before our faces! Such questions were incessantly asked ; but, alas ! no reply could be given. The man had good courage and great strength. He clung to the rock with the desperation of a dying soul. To lose his hold was to be dashed over the cataract. Apparatus and contrivances arrived from Buffalo. New experiments and new failures. Hoarse shouts still rang across the rapids to hold on, to be of good heart. The stoutest heart that ever throbbed could not grip that rock for ever. It was wonderful how he had endured. A fresh idea had come to the minds of halfa dozen mechanics. They were laboring to throw out a hawser ; every muscle was strained ; every eye was bent upon their work. Suddenly the man slipped away. He was exhausted ; he threw up his arms ; he dashed toward the cataract. A low groan as from one breast quaked through the throng ; the thousands shivered with terror. A black object for a moment longer in tbe hell of the waters, and then disappeared for ever. Tiiere was the agony of relief. Mo one moved; no one spoke for a while. All looked in the direction where the figure had beeu swallowed up. It was the en chantment of terror ; it was the chill of tragedy distinctly wrought which froze every one lor the moment to tbe spot The old resident— he has lived here for forty years— says that on an average about six persons are carried over the falls every year, aud that four out of the six are wholly or partly intoxicated, and lose their lives by carelessness or reckless ness in rowing above the rapids, going beyond the line of danger. But for liquor, not more than two lives, he says, would be lost annually. lirasiA's Attempt to Slight Eng land. — Russia has attempted to put a slight upon England by not including her iii the invitation extended to all the other European Powers to send officers to wit ness tbe coming grand military manoeu vres. This is eminently characteristic of Russia. In peace as in war she is an un derbred barbarian . There is every reason to believe that England will survive the dreadful deprivation ; still, it would have been a little more dignified, even in a Tartar, not to let international bad feel ing interfere with the laws of interna tional courtesy. Even in the heat of war opposing generals would never dream of showing any personal discourtesy to each other ; much less would they in time of peace let past hostilities make tbem for get the conduct due from one gentleman to another. It is unnecessary to say that the rules which thus govern individuals arc far more binding upon nations. When England had her men-of-war before Con stantinople, she very plainly invited Russia to advance end witness a grand naval display ; aud, when she had her armies in Afghanistan, the Czar could scarcely doubt that he was asked to take any part he chose in the little game of war going on there. But in neither case did his Imperial Majesty, or his Imperial Majesty's ghost of a Government, or his Imperial Majesty's people, see the fun of attending these British 'receptions.' Perhaps, being accustomed to a cold cli mate, they thought the warmth of the said receptions might injure their consti tutions. But surely this is no reason why Russia should sulk when she hns a little military tea-party of her own. The Eng lish were not offended by her refusal, On the contrary, should she again attempt to take Constantinople, or make sneaking overtures iu Afghanistan, she would find England ready to receive, not only her officers, but also her men, with extended arms— of the latest pattern.— -American Paper. Exciting Sense vr *. Horse Snow.— The Birmingham and Midland Counties Horse and Hound Show was brought to a close on August 15, when there was a large attendance to witness the jumpiug competitions. During a contest Krin, a remarkably bold fencer, after cleverly clearing the water jump, took the fencing at the end of the ground, clearing the spectators who'werc shuuiog five or six deep at the spot. No one was seriously in jured by Ibis somewhat astonishing leap al though one gentleman received a slight kiok on tbe buck part of his head. The rider a young lad, was quite uuable to control his borse, which subsequently manifested an inclination to repeat the performance. It is estimated that the animal must bave cleared a distance of nbout 37 feet. A oobbkhponuent iu Walterhorougb, S.C., describing the recent cyclone there, cited, u a remarkable oooorreoce, that 'a sheep was found lying in the road with every partiole of wool taken from it as cleanly as a razor could have done it.' DiSAi'i-oiNTBD.— A theologian's private note-book was picked up the other day, and, as the tindor began to tnrn over its loaves, he thought be had utruok a secret record of a long list of flirtations, for he bud found the sifiuillcnut headings, 'Gal Ij Gal 2, Gal 3,' to. Just iui he had made up his mind that the theologian was the heartless hero of a scries of adventures, he discovered that the bnak contained only exewtjioul notes npon the book of Oolatiane, and»n a Midden burst uf virtuous indignation decided that b* had no use lor it, and wouia le&nit; «pM tiM PsW«, meat tor the nest twnw, , . .. 