TOWN TALK. ' Heater's telegram.to-day' states that the; British army Estimates for the year show a decrease of £2,156,250 aB compared with those of the previous year. The wool sales: are exciting brisk competition, and colonial securities are; unchanged. Onr Sydney telegram to-day states that a ■ wire message has been received from Hay to the' effect that a gang." ot bush-' rangers (who were at Brat supposed to be the Xellys) have: stuck up . a .store at " Hatfield," . a township about - 130 miles from' Balranald. 'There is no such name as Hatfield in the postal guide cither in New South Wales or Victoria. Heyfield,' in this colony, is the nearest approach to:it.} This is a mining village in the County of TangiL It is situated on . the -Thompson River, is 130 miles S.E. of Melbourne, from winch it is reached via Sale. There: is a considerable extent of land nnder cultivation there, and the population at the end of 1S77 was nnder 300. It iB doubtful if there is any bank there, but there is a.post office to be looted."' - =■ ■■ ■ We publish elsewhere some important particulars in relation to., the mail tenders, elaborating the.telegram lately received from Mr Berry. A deputation of owners of property and residents in Moolap will wait upon the hon. the Commissioner of Railways to-morrow morning, and urge upon his attention the necessity for a railway siding on the Queens cliffe line, at Moolap. We understand that the morning train to Colac and the afternoon train from that township will be discontinued after the 1st March. The traffic, it is asserted, is not sufficient to necessitate the running of two trains a-day to and frpm Colac. The meeting of the Town Council last evening lasted from seven o'clock until a quarter to eleven o'clock, the principal busi- ness being a discussion on suggestions by the Mayor for the future management of the Botanical Gardens. After a lengthy debate the report was deferred for consideration. It was contemplated on Snnday night to amputate the broken leg of Mr Alex. Reid, the well-known miller, in consequence of the appearance of gangrene. On Monday morning, however, it was discovered that the wound on Mr Reid's leg was in a fair way of healing, aad the surgeons decided that there was no necessity to perform the amputation. About seven o'clock yesterday morning two skillions forming a portion of a house occupied nntil recently by a notorious man named Grant, in F&kington- atreet;, were burnt to the gronnd. A few weeks since the main body of Grant's house was con sumed by a fire which originated in a mysterious manner. The skillions destroyed on Monday have for several weeks -.past afforded shelter to persons who have'led a vagrant kind of a life, and their destruction now has removed an eyesore from Pakington street. ,, On Thursday last a bush fire occurred at Paraparap, and it spread in some paddocks belonging to Mr Donald Bantock. The fire bnrnt abont 1000 acres of grass and several large portions of fencing. Mr Doiiaid Bantock has been appointed to act as. judge for the Grant and Polwarth Coursing Club during the ensuing season. The Puppy Stakes to be run for are,. we hear, filling up rapidly. Mr Maurice Conway, whose house was burnt down on Sunday morning, now states that he put the fire out which was in a fire place in his house on Saturday night, and that the burning down of his house in Petrel street is more mysterious than was surmised. The young man John Moylan,-who was tried previously for committing a capital offence upon a married woman, named' Han nah Duck, residing near Colac, but -who was then remanded as the jury could not agree, was again placed npon hiB trial at the Assize Court yesterday. The case lasted the.wholc day, from 10 o'clock until jiast five. The Crown challenged 16 of the jury men, while the prisoner exhausted 'all- his challenges (20). MrPurvea was retained by the Crown to defend the prisoner, while Mr Adamson conducted the prosecution. ~ The jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict of not guilty. • , u Six lads, who were eel-fishing in the Bar won Itiver on a very hot night a fortnight since, left a-fire burning on the northern bank of the river, and as the fire promised to spread, it was extinguished by Mrs. J. M'Cormick, on whoBe property it was kin dled. Yesterday the lads were brought before the magistrates at . the Police Court, and charged with having left the fire burn ing. The evidence against them, however, did not show who kindled the fife, and all of thorn were discharged. Charles Murphy, the Queenscliffe baccha nalian, who, when in his cups, tried to shoot. Senior-Constable Hall, was againbefore the Police Court, yesterday. His insane act was attributed to a too free indulgence in in toxicating liquors, and as he appeared to' have recovered from the effects of a drunken spree, he was discharged,-with, a pressing in vitation from the Bench to join the ranks of the teetotallers. A fatal accident at sea occurred during the voyage of the Allahabad from London to Melbourne. On the night of December 11, the weather at the time being Equally and attended with thunder and lightning, John Rollo, able seaman, while aloft on duty, was knocked out of the, foretop-mast rigging on to the lower topsail yard, and fell thence to the deck, where he was picked up lifeless. A lad named William Foot, a. resident of Chil well, narrowly escaped being sent to gaol on a very serious charge yesterday. He at tended as a witness for a prosecution against some companions who had carelessly left" a fire burning on the banks of the Barwon river. In giving evidence, Foot, who went with, the defendants in*the case to fish for eels, stated that he saw the fire lighted, hut conld not tell who did it ; and although his companions were with him; he endeavored to', make the Bench believe that they were not in the locality at the time, and that he had not seen them at the fire. As another lad, who was with Foot, gave a total)}' dif i ferent account, it was quite clear that Foot prevaricated, and he was detained during the sitting of the Coutt. After the proceed I ings were finished, the offending lad was ad vised by the Police Magistrate to tell the truth • and shame the devil. Mr Heron pointed out to Foot, that even though his companions got into trouble through their indiscreet actB, it was his duty to tell the whole truth. .Foot was then allowed to leave the Court-house. The man Bradycoft, who was recently o severely injured by the accident on the railway at Mickey's water-hole, near Glenorchy, died on Sunday morning about ten o'clock, at the Pleasant Creek hos pital.- I''' - - - ' - A man named John O'Connell, an able bodied fellow, told the magistrates at the Conrt-honse, yesterday, that he was unable to support himself, and that he certainly could not earn three shillings per week to contribute towards the support of his daughter, Teresa O'Connell, who a couple of weeks since was sent to the Reformatory. The' Bench refused to "believe O'Connell's story, and as he expressed a desire to go to gaol instead of working for the thirty-six pence per week; the magistrates very con siderately gave him his choice. A cabdriver named Philip j Chamberlain w;as fined £5, with £2 2s costs, at the Gar diner Police Court, on Saturday, for cruelly ill-treating a horse. Mr 13. B. Lennon, finding that Milton's •Comus" proved a... rather hard nut for boys to „crack, and also for young ladies .studying; for the University Examination; has prepared, and is just, finishing, a sort of .analytical paraphrase of,this work, in which he has endeavored to render the text as intelligible as possible by placing in close proximity to each other all the adjuncts of subject, predicate, and object with - their various extensions ; and, in the ease of the more difficult- passages, by indicating the different kind of sentences introduced by the conjunctive particles. The work is thus reduced to easy prose, and by this help the student, with .the smaller knowledgo of grammatical analysis, will be enabled to readily, deal with the more intricate pas sages. We understand that the work will be in the Press in a day or two. \- D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment was well . patronised. last. evening, when a dramatic rendering of the fairy nursery" story known.to us in boyhood as the roman tic tale of "Beauty and.. the'Beast" was presented. We all remember how Beauty was despised by lier sisters, and how she consorted to . wed the Beast to save her' father, and how the Beast was turned into a -handsome Prince, and all the rest of it The dialoghe of th'e little play, written by Mr Garnet Walch, abounds with local allu sions, some of which are. really witty and* pointed; and its representation last eveD ing was most amusing.and was thoroughly enjoyedby the audience. The "Hauited House follpwed, and its comicalities were: as keenly relied as .ever, notwithstanding that it has been given every evenincr To night and to-morrow night the ghost'enter tamment will be repeated, and it will donbt bo attended as well a3 heretofore. The annual swimmin" mit.i... - Eastern liaths take place this aflemoo™ co mencing at half-past two o'clock tomwUl be dressed in costume, £ thaH£r may patronise the aquatic gathering Th ore thirteen events on the program™ , addition to the grand handicap qu^ter°of mile swimming match, M'ss wiU give a display of fancy J consequence of the matches - baths will be closed at 12.30 and ttl lT ■«? 3\r2 P'l?-.t0-day until 6.30 p dl( T he Moonlight Concert in aid of So r> i Artnlery and Volunteer Fire 71? 5 take place in Johnstone Park on^lm io~ March, when the electric ithf ?.Yhu 121 firet iri Geelonc 'n light is the property of tliP ff' i, nties in the metropolis, and it?^l? F Y under the superintendence of CartaMX spear and Lieutenant Braver »f ii r • Corps. Various other We gramme of thHonCeA, themanufaSe <7'a^leamhoihr tender3 f' 28th mat, and the 5th and 7th March® T souB desirouP. of attending the anh,™ ' E0' of the Victoria Bacin" Club m meetln . -^ir James F. TulhT will poll i. ,,. tion to-day, at Germantn-^T y public auc land and household 11 quantity 0 -James Peterson. lunutFe belonging to M 