[?] s; ' THE OUTCAST. .1 ^ . \ Part m. Bu r who is that who seems to play the ghost, And haunts those lonely cliffs by day and night, Whose' careless dress and bloodshot eyqballs seem To indicate debauchery imd vice ? Has he been witness to the fatal leap ! - -i : , ? a Or does he seek by suicide to end A life of wrong 1 Or is he mad with guilt, Andres to end remorse beneath tho -waves, - '??? ? . Whose glittering' spray now dashes oh 'the cliff, And then vomica, to come with greater force '! What is his name, and why comca lie this way To dOSeeratc Ins vietims'cold remains . See. now he stands beside the infant's c-orsc ; With fear he gazes on the ghastly faeo The melted snow exposes to lii« view. ' IT. ? ' 1.^1 ? \,Av,.n«. till,,!.;.* e.m«1 JLJLU SlUOjJS, lit? UHO iivnuj. iiiia sum, For round its little ncck the lockct's tied , . . : Wlrich tmce was his, and which ho once had given ?-. To her who fell beneath his lustful wilesrr-r . Her whom he had betrayed with lying swoMs Aud promises of love : his eyeballs start,. . , Hisiair now stands erect, ho cuts the-cord. - . ? ' Oh ! mercy, Heaven,' he cries ;v.''?twiasmine, 'tishcr's, The poor frail victim to my wicked/lust :, Oh ! conscience, give nio peace ; oh ! heart, be still, While I.devote my love, my .life, iny all ; With resolution fh-m redeem the past : I at her feet will- kneel, will kiss tliein, too, And only ask my crime may bo forgiven.' Then, gazing on the child, beneath its head- - He saw the fatal note ; with guilt remorse He turned his head away, aloud confessed Himself the murderer of hit; infant child. He oast his tear-dimmed eyes beneath the cliff, And there, amidst the swelling crystal spray, He saw his victim, rising on each wave, . And clashing on the rocks with every swell, The curly locks all tangled round with weeds, Upheavdd upon the boiling spray. 'Twas'she, Whose cheery voice had charmed her parents' ear,.. Who piled their love on her — their only hope. Poor wretch ! his guilt was great, yet pity him, For deep remorse had entered in his soul. He sprang from rock to rock, from cliff to cliff, And, in his phrenzy, -dashed amidst the spray, With purpose firm, to clutch her mangled form. 'Tis done ; he holds the corpse close to his breast ; With cries of guilt and fear, and hope and grief, He lands his lifeless load upon the rock, Safe from the angry sea. Beside her corpse He knelt, and prayed forgiveness from his God. But, oh ! what sad remorse ! no peace on earth For such as he, and conscience told him so. The tears ran down his burning cheek ; his brain Was all- on lire; his tongue, so fluent once, . Cleaves to his inouth ; Ins limbs grow rigid, too ; And he, beside his victims, sinks and dies. ' ' S. H. 