CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The foundation stone of Trinity Cliurch will be Jmd this afternoon byj?His . Lordship tho Bishop of Northern -i Queensland, at three o'clock. The Sun day School children will meet at 2 30 in the Qdfellowa Hall.. The following ceremonial service will beheld- — HYMN 237 O God of hosts, the mighty Lord; -Howlovely is the place, Where Thou, enthroned in clorv. shew'si: The brightness of Thy Face! , My longing sonl faints with desire To view Thy blest abode , Ify panting heart and flesh cry out For' Thee the living God. For in Thy courts one single day Tis better to attend, Than, Lord, in any place Besides , A thousand days to spend. O Lord of hosts, my King and God, How higlily blest are they '?Who m Thytemple always dwell, And there Thy praise display ' To Father, Son, and Holy GhoBt, The God Whom we adore, And shall be evermore. , Amon. OUR help is in the name of the Lord: , Ant. : Who hath made heaven and* earth. , Blessed: bis the Name of the Lord . jinx. From henceforth even for ever. -' T \- The ' Sfone, which the builders rejected : Aru.j 'HatH become the head of the corner. This is the Lord's doing An*. And it is marvellous in our eyes i I ? ' Glory be, -tc ' Our- Father, -which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name Thy king , dom oome. Thy-- willbeidone in earth, ; As it is in heaten. ' Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive them that i : trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation; But deliver us from evil Amen, in t O Almighty God, who hast built thy Church, upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the head corner stone , Grant us so to be joined together in unity of spirit by their doctrine, that we may be made an holy temple acceptable unto thea, through Jesus Chnat our | Lord Amen. O Almighty God, who hast knit together thine elect in one comnmmom and fellowslnp, in the mystical K' of thy Son Christ our Lord, GranTus grace so to follow thy, blessed Saints in all virtuous and godly iliving, that we may come to those -.unspeakable joys, which thou! hast prepared for, them 'that nnfeignedly love thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. PSALM CXXII Zalatumm. 1 I Was glad when thev said unto me We wdl go into tho house of the Lord. 2 Our feet shall stand in thy rates O Jerusalem. . . 3 Jerusalem is built as a city that is at unity in itself 4 For thither the tribes go up, even tho tribes of the lord , to testify nnto Israel, to give thanks unto the Name of the Lord 5 Tor there is the seat of judgement- even the seat of the house of David 6 O pray for the peace of Jerusalem . they S shall prosper that love thee 7 Peace be within thj walls and plente ousness witmn thy palaces. 8 For my. brethren and companions' sakes \ I -will -wisb^thefc prosperity 9 Yea, becanse of the house of the honso of the Lotd our God : I will seek to do thee good. Glory be, &c; LESSON: L CHRONICLES, XXIX Chaptie, 10th to 17th Verse. I Believe in one God. the Father Al-i mighty, Maker of heaven and earth, :And of all things visible and invisible : ' And in 6rie\ Lbrd Jeans. Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, Begotten of his Father before all worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Tery God of very - God,-.Begot^Bn,: uot.'made, Being of one' ' Substance with the Father, By whom all things were made : JWho for . ns men, ?.. ? ' and for\our salvation came down from heaven, And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the 'Virgin Mary,- Arid 'was mademan,'And -was crucified also for 'us ' ' under Pontius Pilate. He suffered and was buried, And the third day he rose again ' according to .the Scriptures, And ; ascended into heaven, and sitteth on. tho - ' right hand of the-FaJher.. And he shall come again with- glory to jndge both Hhe quick and the dead: Whose kingdom shall haTO-no end.! T ':;.: ::'':??/. And I-beEeve in the Holy Ghost, The Lord and Giyer;of: life,. W[ho proceedeth from the Father and the Son, Who with the Father and the.Son together is rwor shipped and glorified, Who spake by the ProphetB. And I believe one Catholick and Apostolick Church. I acknowledge ^ one .Baptism for the remiasiou of sins, And I look for. the Resurrection of the dead, And?$he life of the world to come. Amen. HYMN 215. The Church's one foundation OJ« J«L-u Christ her Lord j She is His new creation _By water and tho Word : Eljct from every nation, Yet ono o'er all the oirth. Her.charUr ol salvation ; One Holy Name she blusos. Partakea one Holy Food? A=£*° MB hone she presxa With, every grace endood. , Thodga with a soornXol woudw i Men see hor sore onpeeat y \- By achiami root asnaoS, - ^ . By heroeiw dlatreat, V» ~ ! Y«t saint, their watch ars kwpioa ??; : ? Their cry goes up, 'How lonT ; AnRdh'S-1n *° niSa' of weeping j Shall be tho mom of song Mid toil, and tribulation, * . And 'tumult of her war, :] ? She waits the consummation | 1- Of. peace for evermore; ' i . ' Till with the vision glorious ' Her longing eves'are blest, . And the great -5hurch victorious ? Shall be the Church at rest Yet the on earth hath union ? : ? / . . With God the Three in One, . .! And mystic sweet communion ' | With those whose rest is won: i . O happy ones and holy ! *?? :. Lord, give us grace that 'we, like. them the meek and lowly, ! On high may dwell with Thee. Amen. 