THE OEY 01? THE) WRETCHED. FOB hours along the crowded street, With aimless steps I've trod, Without a home or hope in life, With soaroe a hope m God. This cruel night is ntting olose To suoh a orushing day; The earth is, oh I so dreary oold I And heaven so far away. The friendless rouse no anxious thoughts, The busy throng sweeps on; I've stayed beyond the oity's lights, The twilight's grey has gone j My useless arms have failed to win A orust, a place to stay; Earth has no work, no room for me, And heaven is far away. 0 great, wide world 1 0 frowning sky I So oheerless and so vast. , 1 dare your keen and outting sleet, Your pleroing, bitter blast: Eage, howl, and lash, this living spark From out the tortured day, That feels existence,dark, all dark, And heaven so far away. How dull and blaok beside my feet The sluggish river rolls; It beokons as a demon might To lure unhappy souls. Its slimy voioe is whispering, Here rest in peaoe for aye; 0 God I the river is so near, And heaven so far away. Do THH DYING SUBTBB PAHTP-People do not like to think of death. It Is an unpleas ant subjeot; but it constantly obtrudes it« eelf, ana there has been muoh speculation as to whether mental or physical pain attends the final aot. Observation teaohes us that there is little pain of either kind in dying. Experience will oome to us all one of these days, but it will oome too late to benefit those who remain. It seems to be a kind provision of nature that, as wo approaoh the dread event, our terrors diminish, and the ooward and the hero die alike-fearless, indifferent, or resigned. . As to physioal pain, Dr. Edward H. dark, in "visions," says: "The rule is that unoonsoiousness, not pfti&i; attends the final Mt. TO the eubjwft of it death is no,mora painful .than birth. Painlessly wo come; wnenoo we know not. Painlosajy go; whithorwei.knownot. Na ture'kjtaajyl provides an anrosthetio (for the body when the spirit leave* it. Previous to that fnogwnt, and in preparation for it, rqaplnatiOn beoomes feeble, generally slow ana short, often aooomplishea bv long in* spiration and short, sudden oxpfrations, BO that the blood is steadily less and less oxy- genated. At the same time the heart acts with' corresponding "debility, *' produoing a slow, feeble, and often irregular, pulse. As this prooess goes on, tho'blood is not only driven to .tho head with diminished foroe, and in less quantity, hut what flows there is loaded more and more with oarbonlo aoid Saa. a powerful anrasthotio, the same as that erived from oharooal. Subjeot to its in fluence the nerve centres lose consciousness and sensibility, apparent sleep creeps over the system; then oomes stupor, and then the end." How DID ST. Patjl LOOK,-A ourlous dlaouaalon between M, Benan and M. M6z i&roa; ooneerning the personal appuamnoa of St. Paul has followed the public reoeptlon of M. Kenan into the Frenoh Aoaaemy. M. Renan has described St. Paul as a bald wan, of short stature, aqulliue nose, moot ing eyebrows, pale face, small head, pierc. ing eyes, thiok beard, prominent ahouldera, and bow lefts. Challenged to explain whence he derives all these remarkable details of St. Paul's personal appearance, he has oited the"Aoc0 of Thekla" as his authority for the aquiline noao, tho bald noBs, tho meeting eyebrows, the small ntftturo, and the how fects-and tho eoole. siaatioal history of Nieephrua for the small head, the plering eyes, the pale face, tho thick beard, and the prominent ohoul dura. As M. Renan would certainly nob aooept either of these very unhiatorioal authorities as his warrant for any statement intrinsically improbable, we wonder why ho so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically improbable. Au apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will ba quite as ready to Invent their oireum stan'ial framework. Would anyone in hia senses go to Defoe's " Apparition of Mrs. Veale" with the view of discovering nob what Mrs. Vealo't ghost was like-being rationalistic enough to reject the ghost tiaa fib of Defoe--but what Mrs. Veale herself was like, where she had lived, and what where her eirourastancea P Tho ways of imaginative rationalists are oertainly won derful and their affirmations often atraugor than their donlals.-T/jo Spectator, TUB name of a Now Hampshire eohool is May I Cough. It is maoh more ocmtnon to hear sohooMeaohera addressed as Mav I Gwoal, dlta Qalifomlan, 