THE .JESUIT' FATHERS. no. xxvi 11. I , We shall give some more extracts :froiri those Jesuit FatherSjiWhomv , Dr.. Yaughan . : assures /'. us y-ery/c'on ;i tlie , best ; arid who, when they have . charge . of . .the children of the colqriy, Avill . give a '1 sound ' 'rel.igibps/ edupafion.?',;,-, I, j ..i'ejdeem it, our, duty to give, in j.linq upon lirie, specimens .qf.ahe,, religion and morals."; which jthe. Jesu/ts, teach, .that, our legislators arid parents , u i ay , .know, exactly,1 arid'frop thmr.j.o.wn lips,j)wha;,danger,ogs 'and jBisloy al /' arid .. even treasonable prin-J .cijilM'are iricrilcateff by/.them as " religious equcation." ff>, V ''-7. ."-.'j ' i , Anfchony Escobar saysf:— ' - ' : > ' ini' answer to -trie quc,stipri//'.'j 7hat .ia/sedi- 1 tion he- 'says "The :disagree'm'ent'6f' citizens ; I a special' offence' against charityp-'lf- the/State is' i drawn .away ;i'f rom; the : obedience ,;to the Eprince/j i it .is. a crime/ of high, treason.,. (If it, extends, oplyt to th'e deposition of ; "tiio /magistracy,. it/ is ,onlyJ 'sedition.' /But'' when' it'is in ''opposition ftp a j ' tyrant, it is'hotri sin; rieither:is it properly- sedi-j tion, t hepanse i Ia;ty rannical Government i is notj diijecteditp/the.ypmmon, good,n j fwrwh t ': Of n :.! Now,£hisilooks very 'brirmlessri'nd' good;; ! tiiisortauhi aldi id Jtitti sfoiri-J ol imnij" j but when however the question is asked, " Who is the tyrant " to -. Avhom Escobar refers? and Gnd, from the explanation of Suarez, that a "tyrant is one who has been deposed by the Pope, and will not admit that he has been properly deposed," tlie,' statement assumes a very different complexion; for then it amounts simply to. this, " that to oppose, a prince, or king Avliom the Pope has . deposed, and who will not submit. to the Pope's deposition, is no sin ; to reject such a king or prince is no sedition ; to denounce and defeat such a king or .prince is no treason ; no ; it is public virtue Avhich ought not to be condemned, but rather approved ! In the days of Elizabeth many Jesuit- tanght persons sought, to. take her life; and .if they were, charged with sedition . or. trea son, the reply avrs. ready — " She was" a tyrant ; she was deposed by the Pope ; she would not subririt to the will of the Pope ; therefore it was neither treason nor sedi tion to oppose her Government and to lay plots and hire ruffians . for the taking , of her life. If our Catholic parents would like their children taught in this morality they are fairly invited to send their chil dren to the Jesuits; but if 'they, abhor such reasoning —if they detest such immo rality — not one of their children ought, to be taught in Jesuit schools, which are. the " seed-plots of ' such education." At any rate, Sir Henry Parkes had better con sider. What will be the faith of this colony if tbey arc trained to regard ias virtue' andireligiori, such '.atrocious seditioi ? Let. the; Catholic children be ' taught /'such disloyalty; while other, children are being taugh t .the very opposite; then; will not our legislators be astonished; /when the - chil dren have /grown, if there ; be riots - and violence arid bloodshed. - Again Louis Molina says , ." If, the spiritual law require it, the Sovereign Pontiff can depose kings and, ;doprive thorn i of bUUU' KlUtlUIUS,. J-L« JUtt f iUOU , J , UQb WVUU them in temporal things, invalidate their .. laiys, and : accomplish all things ' among ' Christians ..which may be considered necessary ; .» ho may, , do it not only by .compulsory censures, but also ;by outward peimltics and by' forpe.of arms' in the same manner' as by any secular prince. ' Yet it maybe genorally expedient that the Sovereign Pontiff should accomplish it not- of himself, but by means o£; secular princes." . Hero tho whole Avoijd is placed by one stroke at the Pope's feet; Absolute, the Pope lias Sovereign power/ If 'he thinks that/1 the " spiritual end require it," he- may 'depose Queen Victoria/he niay de prive her of her kingdoni, he iriay invali date her laws, he may ' ;pass against her compulsory censures/ he may incite. Popish princes to proceed 'against her by. force ,;of arms, and then, lest he should lose prestige in the strife, it is expedient that b'o'sliould wage bis Avars and do his hangman's busi ness by the instrumentality of. others 1 Think of the little boys of, St. Kilda House/. ibeing taught such . frightful dis loyalty, as this. Leo XIII. may be a: very nice man. Ho may have a -high, idea of '/ modern liberality.", ,IIe may be iriG- nitely better than .somejof i:.theJ?opes /who .have sat upon the throne. ; But ..thinkUof him . assuming to , /.judge,;-, between:!: the '.? Home Rulers " and /,the.,"jEnglisb ./Con stitutional ;,par ty ", in . '/things temporal." Everybody knows hqw/;heT;would/ :decide. Then, /if, the Eriglish party /did jinoti yield and/comply, lie' Avould . use / his -i spiritual censures.''.. If these, were not enoughl . to produce obedience, he j would , use ; . "iforce pffarins.j'/bub as. the Pope,;never, likes i to ,tbe his; own hangman ; as he does not like jtOjlceepttn arniy that will cost too much, rie, will; .throw the, expense and entrust: the, duty.)., of , compelling -. op. , some. ''.Catholic .nations " and . secularjprinces.;: ,Ah :yes ; .but, there is no secular : prince Avlioi- would ,accgpt..the job ; . welj f, theu, (the, .job 'must /stand as it j8-until .the Pope, has brought the world again to his, feet.! . r / Again, /Ttiberno and,.Gretser, spBaking on the subjection which: the clergy, .owe :to the State/say as follows " . . o - (/:-. i"i-w : H.-E ' j, ,",Ar.( ecclesiastics .subject .,to«'the civil: law.? As to fttrectiyii , power they, are .indirectly, bound /by, the common laws of the' ytate if they ' do' not contain 'anythirig'un'siiited to the clergy, r to the sacred. canons, or to the immunity -of the tfdiurt<;h.;,7i have said, as to the' directivevpower'; because secuiar princes," unless the (Syjjergign Poutiif yrants them tho privilege, have' no'cbW- rp.u/siiie power overtlio.clergy but if. any of ;tb'em do/ wrong, 'they' ought to be .punished, by ' -jf/t'eir owii superiors." /' 1 ' " ' ,, 1 : 'n,i ' 'i "Secular princes have no power over the olergy who dwell in their land, either by divine' or human right. The clergy ought indeed to be subject to tne higher powers ; but to their own: —the ecclesiastical powers. The clergy should be obedient to the laws of priuces which they have enacted with the consent of the ecclesiastical powers. The clergy do not belong to the king's jurisdiction. What the Apostle says about the ' payment of tribute' relates to those who are subject to the secular power, not to those who are not subject to it. Thus the clergy ought not to pay. it bccauso they are not subject to the civil magistrate. Let him therefore pay tribute from whom tribute is duo; If nothing be due, he is not obliged to pay." " Here surely are fine lessons for Catholic boys and. girls out of the mouth of the Jesuits. Dr. Vaughan and his clergy feel very sore that they are, compelled like others to be subject to the laws of Queen "Victoria, and the parliament of ;1 New South Wales; They feel very : sore that they are compelled to pay taxes. They are therefore very anxious that the . Jesuits should come and teach the grow ing generations the , true doctrine on . the subject that' the clergy may at length, be emancipated from' their degraded ..state, and that the Church may again; enjoy her . ancient immunities ! .Why : should His Grace be subject to Sir ITenry Parkes , as head of .the Government ? ( , Why . should His Grace and his Very Reverend . Vicar pay. tribute to Mr. ;Mayor Roberts t .. Is it not degrndmg that any policeman may take-up Rather Tim to the Police | Court, . to answer before, a secular magistrate, like .Mr. Marsh or Mr. Crane .1 Is it not . intolerable that His Grace may be tried ; and condemned by Mr. Justice Windeyer, whom Freeman dislikes with a mortal dislike ? Oh, surely ' the Jesuits, should come to teach, the Catholic children better things and hastenthe time when . the old glorious " days of , faith" will return again, and the clergy .rise to. their proper position of independency and Catholic freedom ! ; Our readers will see that Dr. Vaughan and bis clergy have a special - interest in wishing the coming of the; Jesuit teacheis.; They havei ai; great, ground ofi complaint .against the Queen and her. agents. ! They " groan " "under a load which they long- to throw off. They "find their , delight in going back to the " ages of faith " when kings put their necks under ' the foot of the Pope. , They long for the time ; when the clergy -will' be free to do anything tliey- please, and when no policemen will dare in terfere with them. It is yeryiuconvenient j ust now that : everything which they do . is exposed and punishable by " secular, princes." How delightful will be the . day when Dr. Vaughan will, sit in St. John's or St. Mary's as their only judge, and punish them, say for keeping a concu bine, by the payment , of ten shillings, ori for getting drunk, by holding a candle before the altar of the Blessed Virgin for two hours, or for killing a heretic by. fasting on herrings and, cheese and eggs for one week !, Happy days ! No. taxes to pay ! No tribute, to give ! No.: — all the burdens laid upon the laity, and the privileged clergy enabled to clothe, them-' selves in purple and fine linen, and to fare sumptuously every day ! Last Saturday was what is called in Popish language " the festal day of St. iPrancis of Assisi." He was the founder of the religious order of the Franciscans: So, as some of the Fathers of this Order have been settled by Dr. Vaughan at Waverley in the room of Rather Garavel, and those iRfahoiscan ' Fathers " have been doing wonders at La Perouse, in favour of' the repose of soul' of Receveur,1 a - clerical medicus who -was buried- there about a hundred years ago, ' they ! held -a .special : service at Waverley last Saturday; 1 in honour of their Master. There were High Mass and all the rest to the great edifica tion of the faithful in that quarter and the glorification of the saint. Well, we have thought that it would be interesting and amusing to show our Protestant people something about the saint and the service, that they may be thankful and not curious. The imposture and blasphemy which we are going to exhibit are the miserable . food with which the faithful are fed every year at Waverley and all over the Popish world on the feast day of thesaint. First jpf-'alL the people are taught to recite in their missals the following prayer:—: ' "Lord Jesus! who for the inflaming of our cold souls with the fire of love, was pleased to renew the saored marks of Thy passion in the flesh of blessed Francis, mercifully, grant that wcby his merits and prayers may always bear Thy cross and bring forth fruit worthy of penanoe." Well, when the people have thus prayed that through " the merits and prayers of St. Rrancis," they may be blessed— not through the merits and prayers of Jesus — no, but through blessed Rrancis, they are taught by the priest the following blas phemous imposture :— " Whilst therefore he (Francis) was drawn upwards to God . by the seraphic : ardour of his desires, and was transformed by the.compas- sionate tenderness of ' his'; feelings; before Him who was pleased of his great love'to be crucified, on- a certain - morning, near tho feast of the Exaltation of . the Holy, Cross, while praying on the brow of the mountain, he saw as it. were the appearance, of one; of the seraphims, having six shining wings as of fire; : descend fromithe height of heaven ; who -with; rapid- flight, coming ; to'; a part of the air, near the man of God appeared not only winged but .also crucified, having his hands and indeed feet extended and fastened ;to acrossjibut the wings 'in a wonderful, manner so disposed on both sides, : that < he i raised- ; two above his head, and extended two to; fly, and with ; the', other two vailed his whole body. by wrapping ; them- around . him.; « Seeing; that <he , ( Francis) was greatly; ; amazed, ; . anil. his mind partook of ; joy, mixed) with . grief; ; t whilst , as in thegracious aspect ofiHim so miraculously', and as i well, as . so: familiarly.- appearing' to him . he conceived a certaini: overflowing i joy,, so". jthe : dreadful affliction of tho cross whiohbe beheld pierced his soul with "the swordbf sympathizing pain if . '.He understoodby;.:tho;'t'eacbing.;ini. warcllyiOl mm wno appeared :io.nim ouiiwuruiy , that althoughtho infirmity ' of , suffering byno ; mean's consorted witlr the immortality) s of the, i seraphic" spirit', nevertheless 'Ia< vision: of i tbin , kind had ibeou presented to his own view for.tho very. : purpose that' .he , himself, - the friend? of. . Christ, Tmight . foreknow;. thativhe was; , t'o.lbe- ,wholly transformed. into... the . express; .image iof; Jesus: Christ crucified, not by the martyrdom of. the flesh, but by the fire cf the spirit. : '"Where-; fore the .vision; disappearing 'after, secret and familiar, converse influenced ; his . soul inwardly ; with seraphic ardour ; but it marked, his flesh, outwardly .with <a -figure like Him 'who was, crucified,, as through a certain , impression by a- seal the previous liquifying power of) fire ; for immediatelyithe 'marks of the nails began to' be; seen in his hands and on the uppor part of his; feet and their points proj ecting on the opposite side:,: ;His; right, side -also, as pierced with av spcar, ... was imarked: with . a') red: scar, which i frequently pouring forlhsacred blood, besprinkled . his coat and ibis: brooches ! . ' Afterwards, therefore .Francis shone forth a new man- by a. new and wonderful miracle ; he 'appeared = re nowned by a singular privilege 'not conceded to' :past ages— viz;, being adorned' with' sacred' stigmas, hedeseendedfrom the mountain bring- ingwitb him the' image of Him who 'was.oruci- fied graven not in letters of stone by the hand of ! ah artist, but written by f the finger of the living God on flesh members. For as much as the seraphic man knew that it was a good thing to conceal the sacrament of the king; conscious ofthe royal secret, ho hid these 'secret' impres sions as" much ob he could: But because it is God's property to reveal for His glory those great 'things' which the' Lord Himself does,. who had impressed > privately those little marks, he ' openly Showed1 certain" miracles that the - secret- and wondrous virtue of those stigmas might appear manifest by the distinctness of the miracles." 'Moreover, Pope Benedict XL deter mined that a 1 matter so wonderful and so well attested 'and lauded with peculiar praises and- favours in the Bulls of Popes, should be cele brated by an anniversary solemnity, which afterwards passed and extended to the Universal Church, that the hearts of the faithful might be influenced with the love of Christ crucified." Now, here is the -teaching and preaching of .the Popish .Church in honour of y the saint. This poor paltry ; drivel— this senseless .rubbish , of dreaming monks- is told them as the gospel . of Christ and the preachingbf the cross ! How could it be otherwise than that the intellects and consciences, which are fed with such unwholesome sapless chaff should starve and wither 1 Yet all this is repeated year after year by ' the Franciscan Rathers " as 'the pious education of the people in the truth of Christ crucified ! What is it all about 1 Why this—That the saint,, when on the top of a mountain saw a vision— aud that after the vision he found that on his body were impressed , jibe five wounds of Christ — two in his hands, two in his feet and one in his side from , which flowed sacied blood frequently, besprink ling his coat and breeches ! And this ridiculous imposture was given him that the faithful might be influenced with the love of ChriBt crucified ! Surely the end and the means alike are contemptible. But those five wounds did miracles, and the Pope certified to the miracles, and published a Bull giving indulgences and privileges to all who should believe them 1 The Franciscans got on well with their " stigmata," and so the Dominicans and others have since tried their hand ; but a more degrading and contemptible false hood couid scarcely be conceived. It is painful to think that in this nineteenth century, such blasphemous superstition should be practised as the religion of Jesus Christ. If only "sacred " blood had been dropped into the breeches ofthe Franciscan, those holy fathers would soon have forgetten the wonderful "stigmata )" but it is the money which drops conveniently and abundantly from blinded devotees into the . breeches pocket of the Holy Fathers which keeps up the superstition and makes the imposition a pioua and a profitable one. The Herald is engaged in a good work in sending its reporters, to , take notes of the so-called ' " religious teaching " in the; Catholic and Public schools. The series reports1 begins with the Catholic schools -and their "'religious teaching."' Tvvo have already appeared— one concerning St. Mary's ' and one concerning the Sacred Heart's school. They are capital sketches, and they give the public' a very good idea of what " Catholic Atmosphere" is,, aud what is the precise value of the " religious educatihn " for which- the" priests are' so anxious. It is the teaching ' of Popery :per sel q < The prieatsbave - found out that iinleas-cbildren' are 'drilled' and indoctri- snatedv from? the first," cml/ before they can <AmA;innallufhe specialities of '-'Popery: there ia no chance of their ever accepting those specialities in later-years. What we would -' calL a" i-eligious;! education "— in struction in: Bible truth and in the virtues of godliness— is of. ' ho consequence to" the priests): unless in is- so ' lar bs 'it'is interv woven with, tile specialities' of' Popery. What theipriests are' fighting for is i-'thus shown to be not '-'religious education, "but ' ecclesiastical'education." No doubt they tell the children1 something' about God ; but a great deal :more about ''the 'Vicar of God.: No doubt they tell the children that .there is a heaven ; : but a"great deal more about the -Queen of Heaven. . They :tell tlie ' children' something about the Church,' but it : is all about 1 th'o Church of: Rome; . They tell ' the children about sin jbut they, take care to let the children know that the priest takes away sin, even " mortal sin." c ; And tliey tell the1 children about; " lies," but they make the 'distinc tion forthe benefit of their Popery that to tell a lie to the priest ton- the street is not of much consequence j but to tell a lie to the priest mi confession is a lying to the Holy Ghost ! Thus the curse of falsehood is mixed up with a very smalhdose of truth) and the pill is given to children day after day, until they -are saturated; or salivated with the poison of their system. No doubt this teaching is splendid to serve the purposes of tlie Ghurch, but the country will see that it is : hardly so well adapted to serve the purposes of the State. . It may make children' Papists ; but" at - will- hardly- make them " good citizens." ; 'It may be the': very thing to make ; them subservient to 'the! priest ; but it cannot be shown to have any- tendency to make them obedient to the Queen. The fact is, in proportion as "children ; are thus drilled into the lies and claims of Popery, they are incapacitated to be any thing elsebut slaves— yes, and dangerous slaves. The only " scriptural " quotation in the whole performance is from tlie ?' Apocrypha." We give tho report iu another columnJ-TOur Protestant friendB of the Church of England; who' are asking for Denominational schools for " religious teaching," will now see,: surely, that the proposal to set up and keep up a system which would give public countenance to such so-called " religious .educa.tion " in Popish schools, is both an immoral and an unfaithful one; - These Church of England Protestants will no doubt be amused at the zeal of the Popish teacher effcrts to show the children Protestantism in,Jcontrant with Holy Ghurch. With the aid of 'Dr. M'Evilly's commentary on the New Testament, which the teacher keeps mi- 7iis desi, he is well qualified to expound the gospels without the risk; of the heresy of private judgment ! As "Parliament is about to meet, and several questions connected .with Popery are likely to crop up in connection with Popery and Popish education, we want our MiP.s to read and- study ahd inwardly digest the following extract from' ' one:; of the standard works of St; Liquori,' en titled the " True Spouse of Christ," and which is designed for nuns. Throughout the country conventual establishments are multiplying fast. They are started as schools for girls, and all sorts of influences are created to entice Protestant daughters into them. The Sisters : who are the teachers are nuns in the first stage. They are good for creating property under the pretence of providing education for the public ; but the ultimate design when the property , is created and cleared is to develop the convent into a nunnery, or to attach the one to the other, and make the one the feeder of the other. The Popish Church must have her nuns — her women who are cut off from the world, and who are sealed over to death, on tho pretence of religion. These women may have per fectly pure thoughts in so devoting them selves to -what is ludicrously called a " religious life." They have no experience of that same life, in its deep mysteries, until they hiive passed the Rubicon j and then, when they-have devoted themselves to a dead life, the step is made by priests and oaths and curses irrevocable. When, they discover that . they have been de ceived—that there is sin instead of holi ness — and that there is hell instead oi heaven, they are coolly told by those purpled tyrants that have sealed them, — " You must make a virtue of necessity." We demand- from our parliament that such places:shall be prohibited, or at least that they shall be- visited: and inspected. Women may be allowed to. live a celibate and recluse life if they please ) nobody denies that.) but fwhat , we. deny is, that Bishops of Rome have no right to build places with bars and locks and high walls within which to confine women who, when they ' have experienced what the hardships and falsehoods of a nun's life are, and ask to bevlet i out are told— .'1 -Bear— make i a virtue of necessity j for you can never be released." This is ' what ' we deny ; and we appeal.; to . our M.Ps, to- consider this subject.' What , we give belq.w is not taken from any Protestant' book. It is hot the Isiandei; of any; Protestant. : Tt' is the approved \ writing .of. .one .of; the chief 'servants of the ;;Popish;;Gliprch,,and';is accepted; as the doctrine 'and 'the practice of- the' Papal' Gliufch. :-f Surely it is -abhor rent - to every, thought of British liberty that such Papal prisons should exist amongst us, and should- claim .the sacred- ness and rightsibf "an " Englishman's home andr an- Englishman's castle:" ; I A bark hut is as sacred as a palace ) but a' Papal prison, 't called a nunnery)' is . not a . home, but a- patch of foreign soil set down in our midst impudently defying .all British law, and as impudently demanding all' British . privivilego ! To preserve her soul- and' body free from stain the spouse of Christ must chastise her flesh, by fasting, abstinence, by disciplines, and other . penitential works. .. . . Seculars some times take the discipline, . . . but the nun performs those duties at the time prescribod by obedience— that is, by the holy ..will of God. For in her' rule, and in the commands of her Superior)-' she liears His voice'-; hence, by obedience to her rule and to her Superior, she merits an eternal; reward. It is ; true .that even in the cloister tliere are sqme discontented souls. '. . '. 1 have been accustomed .to say. that a nun in her convent, enjoys, a foretaste of Paradise, ! or suffers; an anticipation/of. ;hell.; , To endure the pains of hell is to rbej separated from God— to be forced, against, theij inclinations of nature, to do the will, of others ; to.be distrusted, despised, reproved, and chastised ; to be shut up in a .place of confinement, from which it is im possible to escape ; in a word, : it is to be in continual torture without a moment's peace. . . . Oh 1 if all the nuns were obedient; every convent would be in a Paradise !" . ... If, blessed sister, you desire soon to become a saint, obey., your spiritual ifather. . ... The religious who obeys .with reluctance. is a monster of the devil ; a nun who obeys only by constraint is, in a certain sense; worse than the demons, because she has, promised obedience to God by her sojemn' vow, but they have not. . Mortifications ; are reduced : to'/fqur heads— -to fasts, hair-cloths, disciplines, (and watcliings. . . . Ilair-elothes are. of; various 'kinds— some are made of strong.or coarse hair, the others are bands of chains of brass or iron wire. The former may he iujurious to delicate constitutions, for as Father Scaramelli justly remarks; they inflame the flesh and, weaken the. stomach: ... The latter may- beiwdrn! on- the" arms,' 'legs, or shoulders. ... . . ,,AVould it.hetoo.muohforyou,to " wear a small hand of iron , from morning till the hour of dinner? . . .'. Disciplines or flagellations arc a'species of. mortification universally adopted ;in, religious communities of both sexes.: All the modern saints, without a single exeeption, have continually practiced this sort of penance. It is related of St. Louis Gonzaza tbat he often scourged himself into, blood three i times in the day; 'Surely, then', ! it' would not be too' much for you to take the discipline;; once ..in the: day, or, at least, three or four times in , the week. However, the practice of this penance should be regulated by the confessor. ... Be content to . be chastised in this life rather than .in the next, 'particularly since, by patiently accepting crosses in this life; your suflerings shall be meritorious. In her intercourse with, the sisters' the Superior should have a heart of; honey, but in correcting abuses and relaxations of exact observance she requires, a soiil of bronze. . . . In correcting the nuns I intreat you to attend to two things that you may be secure against error : the first is, not. to have recourse to chastisement (I mean severe chastisement), unless , when it is abspr lutely neccessary for the amendment of a sister, or for the example of others. ... If the correction muBt be severe endeavour always to administer wine and oil — that is, after the correction ; say to the sister that yon love her, that you have done all for her good." The " Saint" further replies to the question " What ought a person to do who finds that she has become a nun against her inclination 1" He answers : — " Now that you are professed in a convent, and that it is impossible for you to leave it, tell me what you wish to do. If you have entered religion against your inclinations, \- you must now remain with cheerfulness. If you abandon yourself to melancholy, you will lead a life of misery, and will expose yourself to great danger of suffering a hell here, and another hereafter. You must, then, make a virtue of necessity." Tie Coloured "Wrappers.— Our friends will understand that the quarter euds to-day. In the case of all who are in debt the paper sug gests that it is time to forward money. To those who are considerably behind we have issued hote3 of account. We respectfully request that those notes be attended to. We think that we have a right to expect that our claim will be met after the time already granted. Arrival of ChiniW.— We .are glad to report that our friend the Pastor has arrived from Queensland, safe and sound. He arrived in Sydney on Thursday morning at about 9 o'clock. Wc are happy that he has passed through his northern adventures without accident, and that the measure of his success has been most grati fying Hewiilnow stay in this colony and visit Orange and other places where he ? is ex pected. We are unable at present to give more particulars. He will require a few days' rest, and probably will begin again early next week. . The Netr BonoralJlea.— The Government have given their'first sign of preparing for Par liament by the appointment of six new members to the Upper House. Personally there will not be any opposition to the gentlemen called to the honourable position. Pour of them have: occu pied 'positions 'in the Assembly, and therefore are: acquainted with Parliamentary : life. _Most of 'them we believe are right on the question of education, and wo are ready to believe that they are all, in point of intelligence and education and sympathy -with 'popular movements, «well qualified to make good 'legislators. / There is this, however, to be asked— Have they accepted the position on the; terms on which Sir Henry Parkes said last session members of the Upper House exist at all;! Sir Henry Parkes disparaged nomineeism enough "only a few months ago. He had hardly agood word to say in its favour. IIe . in fact regarded it as an evil — as a wrong— and lie would- if ho could have swept it away as an intolerable drag and" an anachronism. Has lie offered the seat t> the gentlemen named on these terms ? Have they' accepted the seats on these terms ? Have they agreed to leap into : the gulf, Curtius like, that Sir Henry Parkes may be able to force his measures '! And are they pledged beforehand to force those measures by voting ; and ; acting simply as : their appointer wishes? The gentlemen named are honourable men, 'and are; known to have independent minds; but their appointment just now is not fortunate. - 1 - - ' ! Tho Bocall of Mr. Porstor. --The fact has been . made ; officially! public that, the Agent- General, Mr. Porster, : lias been recalled. Two things are .mentioned as . the groiiud for this sudden, step— viz., , something, connected; with the, loan recently, floated ; and somethiug con nected ivith immigration. , ;No particulars have been , given,, ;and the ; papers will not bo pro duced until . Parliament meets. ,, The aspect of affairs; is. not good : something serious is, implied, in the peremptory recall.. It seems equivalent to a dismissal. . The friends of Mr! Porster will no doubt , soon get word as to the -imputations made : but the truth will not bo revealed .until the papers have, been officially laid on the table of,; the House. Mi-. , Forster deserves that nothing. should be believed injurious: to his repu tation aud character , until the .facts and the,, papers have been fairly investigated. . The Rov. Johtt" Sharpo.— Tho friends of this1 roviigohtiijh''nMmy.ears the respected leading- /minister of ' :tlie"; Primitive y 'Methodist; pefSuiisioh; in this coloiiy, will be glad to know that from Tetters which we received from "him", by last mail, , lie is reported as' well and, busily engaged in' his work.' He lias been "removed from.; Whitehaven, where lie was stationed for' five j ears after leaving this; colony, arid that his present' station is Barnard Castle, Durham., /'He/ tells uri that, trie place is full of historic interest — Especially. that only 'five 'miles off is the village' of VVycliflethe birthplace of 'the fairious mornirig Star of, .the' Reformation " arid that the hall iri which lie was' bbrri and the church in. which he; was ' baptized - are still standing. VHq' tells us ..that, before' lie left Whitehaven ho 'had" had' to erigage iu'disputes'with ritualistic priests irt deferice of ' the, Refo/mUtiori."' A priest chal: lengedtiim toraeetliim oncertairi points iu public discussion; ;Mr. Sliarpe accepted the challenge,.' a'nd'f asked 'the," 'priest "to appoint his com-' mittee arid arrange. . This ariswer to tho chal lenge was gii'en through the; public' press ; but the challenging man never appeared; but he was quietly removed for tlie good of his health to some quieter place where, no sri'cli antagonist as Mr. bharpe was . likely to bo found. The priest was wise ; for \ye arc ceitairi ' from what me know of Mr.,' Sharpe's, habits, aud'aiguments, the priest could scarcely hav, o; foiriiA a;mqre dangerous antagonist.— Wc hoiie thirt bur friend, may be long spared to do his important work, and we' shall be glad to hear from 'him in some extended form that our readers may have the benefit.' 0 s r -The- Late Priest M'Auliffo. —We havo been pressed' thoonsider the 'peculiar cifcumf stances of: the death' 'of' the late' Priest,' M'Auliffe, 'near Queanbeyan. We have heard; frorn 'the' district th'atsuspicioris exist that the '-, cause assigned for his death ,'caririot , be correct. The 'Queanbeyari paper refers'to the: unlikelihood of the cause assigned, viz.; "blood to the head.'V;;We are informed that the place where', lie was found was not a place where a man would' go for a walk, nor yet for a drink of water,' arid that the vomit on his - coat showed illuess from : some, cause before lie got into the " position whero:he ;wasj foiind.' : Besides, the "position' of hisbancls - was not the natural one' when-riiriari: bends' down-to take a drink. " More important is : ' the-- circumstances? that/iaccburits.ii'&c.j-were;' made up to the: day,: and that: a "statement was' ! ! left'of all'amounts due up to date.1 We1 have' had our -attention called to! these facts arid<; ciri' ' cumstarices, and the question lias been ' asked,' ' "Do. these facts- and circumstances comport with the notion that the priest died of apoplexy ? Do they not rather suggest poison ? " If there is a suspicion of this, the authorities ought not to allow that suspicion to rest. Pteps ought to betaken to satisfy the district which, wo under, stand, is pretty generally agreed that the cause assigned cannot be the true one. In such a matter tho truth is important. Paltry Burglary.— The evening of the day: when the new libel case was decided, or -the! early morning of the next day, before daylight, some paltry wretches climbed over the wall of the Protectant Standard Office , and maliciously broke every pane of glass in the back ' premises with apiece of iron brought for the purpose and left. The work was the distinct work of malice. -What motive could have existed for- such malice we cannot guess, unless revenge or spite on the part of some parties interested in the libel case which had just been decided. We cannot, of course, connect the one thing witlv the other ; but can't imagine any cause unless some mali cious revenge for so wanton and malicious' an act. We shall be glad to give a handsome reward to anyone who will give evidence which will lead to the discovery of the mean wretches. "The Australian." — We acknowledge re ceipt of the October number of this monthly magazine, and have pleasure in observing that Mr. Haviland, as the sole proprietor and editor, : begins his regime with an obvious improvement in the appearance and size ofthe magazine. There is in this number, . a list of excellent articles which will be. read with interest. : Wo ; notice the one which falls within our scope — that on Cardinal Newman by Mr., Arthur R. Martin. As it is short, it assumes the unpretend-; ing title of a :" note.".; With most of it :we concur;; but it fails in tho;estimate .of the: Cardi nal's character, when it .omits all allusion to the moral honesty : . of ,- the position-, which - lie occu- ; pied as a Papist long before, he "went over to'. Rome. " It is true , that he wrote good , English, that ho - was.; highly, aesthetic, that . lie loved sensuous and sumptuous ; wprship, ' and that he was a. -reproach. to tho parson who adheres to the Church only for, a living ;,/but ; is ' there, no room for doubting a man's, honesty who knew perfectly, well that he had long ceased to be faithful, to his " vows; " before he/ declared for Rome ! ;He, had written the , strongest things against .Popery ; there fore 'it .was difficult for him to swallow, his own words when he became iri heart a Papist. What was /to,'. be done? Wait ! Profess one .-thing : and , hold . another. Profess to be the "Protestant -Newman," while you arp really the Papist, Newman! The tractarian . movement was a dishonest ouo from the first. It was not only a feeling of the way ; but a preparing of the way by misleading and seducing others. But /at length when he had entered the " calm , of the bosom of tho mother Churcli,'! what was his excuse or apology for his former anti- Popish effusions ? Oh this ! — "1 was not then speaking my own sentiments, .but was conforming, myself to a system "— "holding such views as were belonging to my position !" Such a confession of hypocrisy may. ;bo justified on Jesuit principles, , but when a. Protestant ; is trying to estimate the Cardinal's character, there ought riot to be. any mincing of matters. Let Newinau be sweet and polished if you will ; yet let it be clearly, soon that his moral vision and conscience were blinded: and blunted from the first by that Jesuitical ; dupljcity, which amounts to the " end;, justifying the means.!1 . ' A La-wyor in Troublo.— it appears that on Tuesday last, Mr.' F. W./Liriklnter, barrister-! at-law, well-known in ; the Courts, of Sydney,! was brought up at the Water ';Police Court oh the. charge of bigamy and remanded for a, week. Detective Lyoris had'arrested the'learned'gentlo- nian on Monday, on board tho Ann Duthie, /lying iri the stream, and outward bound.--- He ! was oil- board' under the false name of" Wil- ! liamson, having taken his ' passage for England \- iri that riatne.' But Lyoris ' knew him and took Tiim riff. It was a sad spectacle to witness the learned'' gentleman, iri-'; his unpleasant position. ,He was allowed bail, but no one would give iti His learned brothron present, Messrs. Ashdown and Low, declined to have. anything to say, to him, although tliey "had used to bo his friends. " - : October tho 8th and 9th.— This week -has :been -favoured as a- week 'among ' tho Saints. : .Wednesday, which : was a- very miserable and wet day, was very illustrious in St. Mary's. It -was tlie feast day of St." Bridget. The Bridgets throughout the city were much disappointed 'that they were not'' able to go to mass and got edificatiori by contemplating her greatness and holiness as- a favourite with God. . Wo quote the Breviary— tlie priests' Bible-r- which tells all about St. Bridget, her merits arid her powers to help all' who love- her and are called by her name. 1 But the chief worider. : which tlie priest; tolls the womeii at St. Mary's about the sairit is, while "she was yet in her mother's womb, she saved lier inotlier frorii shipwreck.'": The subject is doubtless very sdifying' and- very delicate for! bachelor priests ' to be- talking' about to young: girls ahd old women. N evertholess— everything . according to taste ! ' On Thursday, the 'old iiien: and old womeii,' who frequent St. Mary's, went to ? pay their: compliiiients! to - St. ' Denis, the patron saint'of- Erarieei' "The priest discoursed to those who attended for edification and reli gion; on Hie merit of .the saint : but the chief miracle attributed to. him is that when ho was' beheaded, at'a -hiiridred years of age, lie took his headrin his harid arid walked two miles exactly. Why tlie saint did not walk throe miles with his head-in his hand, is not told ! '' . : Dr. M'DonOUgll Again.— Since AuguBt 7th .this .eminent- doctor has- been so engaged waitingvui)on;itho old lady patient who / is /his- peculiar care, that herias riot had time to: answer the criticism which his former letter -provoked;1: The doctor is sure to. he .sympathised ..rvith. The old Iady--the , .Church— lias been, much fevered. , The- doctor could riot safely leave-her . bedside. . The . pastoral imtantVplasters have been " energising " powerfully,; and, tlie good dootor lias been.reqnired to feel her . pulse and look at her tongue every .other momerit. ; . But! at last.the doqtor : lias foiiud; that' riis patieut.iriay hei'safely left', for /a'1 feiiy miniiteS ,;in the care of: " iffis'1 Grace:"'' aitl' so' 'ho'.fiat j'satTriown,''! taken pen and irik," arid " aridressed'hiiri'self to </ie important' 8ubject ;' !"and hence his letter to tho, Herald of: 'Wednesday -last. The 'Herald' evidently admitted the said letter as a joke in illustration. It has had a wicked pleasure in holding up to public gaze a specimen letter of a man who has enjoyed a "thoroughly Catholic atmosphere." If the Council, of Education would prescribe as an exercise to the hoys in the Public schools to point out the absurdities and: m 'stakes of this precious letter, some fun and ' edification would doubtless : he the result. Dr. M'Donagh is going to "elucidate'' everything, hut his way of elucidation is- the Catholic one of ' darkening counsel with words/ without knowledge. '.-The doctor should stick to his pills and powders for the old lady ; for? his letter- -writing is so choked'with " Catholic atmo sphere " that itcannot breathe. ' ' Orange; Triennial! Council;— 9ur bl'otb>'en will be' glad to know that the meeting ; of tlie; Triennial Council, held this year iu . Canada, has been a successful and pleasant gathering. William. Johnstone, Esq., of Ballykilbeg, was unanimously elected Imperial Grand, Master.. The papers have arrived. We shall ' give an account of the meetings in our next. Mean-' while we regret that no delegate from these colonies was present. Last Triennial Council1 held at Derry, Dr. M'Gibbon, without a com mission, but being iri Ireland on the occasion, was unanimously welcomed, on the reputation of his own name, as the Australian representative.! He found that he was well: known to the Irish,' English, Scotch, and. even Canadian brethren present, although he had never seen one of them in the fiesh. Our Australian affairs are of gi-eat ' interest to the brethren of the old world. We hope that the next/Council will see ouo- or more, representatives from our young and .vigorous Oraugeism in these distant. parts of the 'Queen's; dominions. 1 -' Erratum.— An errorin figures occurs fn the Protestant Standard oF Septembcr 27th. Pago, 6, last line, for " £5800". read £2SQ0 ; and- again, .page 7, second lino,' for ".four years": read- two. " A Spanish. Bishop.— The Bishop of Aquila was 'the ambassador-! of. Philip II.: of Spain at thejriourt of Queen -Elizabeth. Ho lia"d-:the character of his race and his profession. In the arts' of diplomatic. treachery .lib was an accom plished.: master. Untiring -and unscrupulous, skilled iu the subtle windings of the heart, lie could/stimulate the conscience into heroism, or play with its weakness .till lie had tempted it to perdition. He so acted as suited best' with tlie ends which lie pursued with the steadiness of a sleuth-hound. He would converse in seeming frankness from day to day with ! those whom his whole soul lie was labouring to blast with ruin. Yet lie .was brave "as a Spaniard should' be — brave .with the double courage of an Ignatius and, a Cortez. He was perfectly free from selfish,. arid ignoble desires, and lie was loyal with an" 'absolute fealty to bis creed and liis king. -It was liis misfortune that he served in a cause which the world now kno ws to have been a wrong cause ; but qualifications iu tlieiriselves neither bettor nor worse than 'those of Alvarez do Quadra won for Walsingham a place in the brightest circle of English statesmen. Homo Semper ladom. — The peace of Troyos between Prance and England after the conllictof the Huguenots with the Catholics was made in 1564. " It caine riot ari .hour too . soori for the benefit of tlie Eajglish people.'" Scarcely was the peace signed- than riews .arrived from/Italy thatthe Sacred College had repented of their first honest answer to trio English Catliolics,'who- had ask od leave to attend tho established ser vices. It had been decided in secret council to permit Catholics iu disguise ,to hold benefices in England, to take the outh of allegiance, and to serve Holy Church in the camp of , the enemy, "llemission of sin to them and their heirs — with annuities, honours; and promotions, was offered to any cook, brewer, . baker, vintner, physician, grocer, surgeon, or other who wonld make away with thoiQueeii." . The curse of God and his Vicar was threatened against all those "wlio would not promote arid assist by money or otherwise the pretences, of the Queen of Scots to the English ''crown." The court of llomo, - oneo illustrious as the citadel ofthe saints, was given, over to Jesuitism and the devil ; and the Papal fanatics in England began to weave tlieir endless, web . of conspiracy— i aiming amidst a ./thousand variations at the heart of the roignirig .sovereign, the representa tion of the reformed- faith. 