CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Yesterday afternoon the ministers and members of the Congregational Union met for business in the schoolroom of the Pitt-street Church. The proceedings were begun with singing and prayer. CHAIRMAN FOR THE YEAR. The Rev. J Jefferis, LL.B. (the Chairman for the past year) introduced to the meeting the Rev. J. C. Kirby, the Chairman for 1879-80, who thereupon took the chair, and thanked the Union for the honour conferred upon him. The Rev. J. F. Cullen moved a resolution to the effect that the thanks of this Assembly be given to the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., for the able services he had ren- dered during the past year as chairman of this Union. The Rev. A. G. Fry seconded the resolution, which was then put and carried. The Rev. J. Jefferis acknowledged the compliment. INTRODUCTION OF MINISTERIAL MEMBERS. The Chairman introduced the following ministers to the Union, as those who had arrived during the year :-Revs. J. T. Warlow Davis, M.A., W. West, F. C. B. Fairey, W. Riding, J. B. Gribble, and George Pratt. NEW CHURCHES. New churches at Camperdown, Croydon, and North Willoughby, were admitted to the Union. CALLING OVER THE ROLL. The roll of members was called over, and those present answered to their names. PERSONAL MEMBER. The Rev. George Pratt, a missionary from Samoa, was admitted as a personal member of the Union. ANNUAL REPORT. The Rev. G. G. Howden read the thirteenth annual report of the Congregational Union, presented October 21, 1879\. "It is with no small measure of gratitude to God that your committee hail the approach of another occasion of the gathering together of the ministers and representa- tives of our Churches ; for again we are permitted to record that, through the Divine blessing, the churches of our deno- mination are giving every indication of vigour in their spiritual life-increase in their numbers, peaceful settlement in their pastorates, a power for good in their several localities, and a willingness to united action for the public weal. In referring, first of all, to matters remitted to your committee from the last meeting of the Union, you are re- minded that it was decided to place the N. S. W. Inde- pendent in the hands of a business firm to manage the pub- lishing, so that the Union might be relieved of all responsiblity, excepting the editorial work, which has been so ably conducted by the Rev. T. S. Forsaith. A fuller report on this matter will be presented later in the session, but it is desirable here to record that the new arrangement has hitherto worked with satisfaction to all concerned. The incorporation of the Union was also declared by your last meeting to be desirable, and your committee was instructed to give the matter their consideration. A sub- committea- consisting of Revs. T. S. Forsaith, J. C. Kirby, and Mr. Mullens- was appointed to make inquiries, take any neces- sary preliminary steps, and report. In due time these gentle- men presented their report, strongly recommending that the Legislative Assembly be urged to pass an Act similar to that in operation in South Australia, and known as the Associations' Incorporation Act, 1858. The same gentlemen were then appointed to take the necessary steps to give effect to their recommendation. In May last it was reported to your committee that Mr. Pritchard, late deacon of the Redfern Church, had gener- ously bequeathed an allotment of land at Enmore for a Congregational Church, but the conditions were named, that a white fence should be placed round the land within the space of six months, and a church building erected on it within four years. As there was some danger of the land being lost through effluxion of time, and there were no available funds elsewhere for the purpose, your committee undertook to have the fence erected at the cost of the Union. The Congregational churches in Tas- mania have intimated their desire to hold jubilee services next year, to celebrate the introduction of Congregationalism in the colonies, in the settlement of the Rev. F. Miller at Hobart Town. Your committee were led to correspond with our Tasmanian friends, raising the question as to whether Mr. Miller's arrival was really the introduction of our denomination into Australasia. No particular result has followed the correspondence in respect to Tasmania, so far as we know at present, but as in the course of inquiry several important facts have come to light, your committee being anxious to have them placed on permanent record, have arranged to have them submitted to you during this session in the form of a paper. On the arrival of his Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, your chairman, the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B. accompanied by several ministers and members of the committee, presented at the public levee an address of welcome, to which His Excellency gave a reply expressing gratification at the spirit of the address, and joining fervently with us in prayerful desires for the social and religious prosperity of the land. The very important and searching truths given by the Rev. J. Jefferis, in his chairman's address at our last union meetings on the question of the Church and School lands, led your committee to desire that some steps ought be taken to further call public attention to this glaring evil. Resolutions will accordingly be submitted to i ou dm mp tins co«sion, aud if earned, it is hoped th-it in mo manner nioie than ordmarj impressive thej mny bo nvev ctl to the Lngisl itiA e Asserablj As those meetings ne Icing held dnungtho time of tho International Exhibí- an vOJ¡ committee hoped that ave might have the pre- sence of minister» and delegates from other colonies, t pecnih fiom Queensland and New Zealnnd, to confer Titnuson matters of mteiest common to all our Chinches It has been found, however, ou corresponding; with these i lorne that none of tho ininisteis ni o likely to visit Svdnev dilling this month Youl couimitteo hive not neglected to givo attention to tho questions concerning _"tional education recently agitated amongst us As tho i bject ras being most ably dealt with by individual mem II "is of oui Union, it was not thought desirable to call foi an united action before these meetings wet e held It was, howey« aimnged to submit to you on one afternoon during tliii reek, the resolutions inserted in our programme, and h ve them enforced by an address or addresses at a public meeting to be held in the evening. Tins arrangement un hij.pilv fell through and as time pressnd, tho «ecre aries made m its place pieparations according to the programme. This arrangement too, has unhappily fallen throu°h owing to the illness of tho reader of the hrst paper. It has been ultu mtch t'ecided to have the paper on the ' In- troduction of Congi csntionnhsm into the Colontes' read in the evening and addresses delivered hearng on tho subject of its extension, the question of Education being left to the afternoon. Your conmittce vould buefly review events of international importance during the v ear -Soon aftet our last meetmg, the Rev J T W Davies, MA, arrived in the colony, and has since been lubouiingyvith consider- able acceptance in the chtuch at Newtown The Ro\ W. West has entered the Cougregatioanl ministry, and is vyork ing happdj and iiserullv at Druitt Town The Rev R Rogers has moved to Newcastle, and is theie labouring with his accustomed zeal and energy, his place'at Bathurst having been filled by tho Rev J II Price The Rev W Grant removedfroui Wallsend and Lambton to tho infant use at Orange, and by God's blessing, his bean ven suc- erai in winning souls to it Nevy churches have, arning the year, been formed at Cioydon and Camperdown, and a large congregation has been gatheied at Pyrmont, mainly though the energies of our ministerial agent the Roy J C. Kirby The Roy W Matheson ha3 removed from SlamckviUe to Croydon. The Rov T C B I airey and W. Riding have arm eil íecentlj in Sydney, the foi mer has accepted an invitation to Waterloo, and the latter will pobably soon be settled amongst us It mav be furthei aided thal our esteemed friend and chairman of the Union for 187o 6 the Rev Morgan AYilliams B A , isc pected m a short time to arrive in Sa dnev, from England In i expect to chuiJi bi_tding your committee would placo on record the ead los-* o our friends at Burwood, and to the Denomma- tion generally, of the destruction bj lire of tho Burwood Congregational Church, at the commencement of this year The new chutch is in course of election and will be cotu i let d in a few mouths. During the yeal, tho new church at Petersham has been =o fai completed as, to be opened for worship vvhil«1 flie chutehes it Boiuke-strcet and tho Glebe a a giadualh attaining1 completion. Churches too have been erected and opened for vvoishioa'- Croydon md Camperdown and a ne« churcn buildm^ has mst been it.aiiiienced a'' Mossman s Bay. The chuich at N vcastle has also been considerably enlarged. While your committee again record with thankfulness that the band of our min- isters in active wofk is still unbroken bv the hand of death, they recoidr-i hdeep sorrow, but with humble submission to the Divine vv iii the "iidden and painful termination to a life of energy and h_,°* ^ncss ln *^e death of the Rev. John Graham. He was tvvîfts ehairman of the Dmr i, and before this session closes you will *>e as' c& to Pa^ resolutions of sympathy with Mrs. Graham _.id her s m on their painful bereavement. May the Gi»atïl-!ter_»lp us -ill so to use our opportunities in this fleeting life, that whenn cnue¿i hence whether by accident oi sickness, ia thovigoui of manhood or the feebleness of age, we mav le found approved unto God, workmen needing not to be ashamed, having rightly divided the word of truth.' " Mr. G. R. Reading read a balance-sheet as iollows - "To balance 1878, £39 13s Od , sacramental collection October 1878, £7 6s 3d , subscuptions of delegates and minister'' Í24 lob , subscriptions of churches, £26, per Rev J. P. Sunderland, foi 4 eai books £74 4s 8d titnl £17119s 8d. By payments, £164 2s 3d to balance, £7 '7s td total -617119s 8d. The report and balance-sheet were adopted with a slight edition, reconizing a considerable efioitmade in tho lm provement of the Newcastle church property. INCORPORATION OF THE UNION Mr J Mlllens made a verbal report from the commit- ine appointed to carry through the mattet of the incoipoia tion. He stated thit he had îeecmd 1 cop\ ot a bill prepared by Chief Justice Hanson oi South Austialia, and which, having been incorporated into tho le"i lation of that colony had been found to work tah factonh. The committee had asked 1 m to npph to Mr Holt to introduce the bill into the Legislitive Council and he had no doubt it would be passed into law. The Rev. J. Ji 11 zi is bore testimony to tho suitabihft of the bill and the Rev. J. T. W. Dîmes sail that Mr. Holt had expressed his wann approval ot the measure. ELECTION OF OFFICERS The Rev. S. Savage was elected c1 i rmin for the o. i>ar 1880-81, the Re\ T Johnson and Rt\ J. T. W. Da\io" who had been nominated, having declined to contest the election: and Mr. Savage teturne 1 thanks. The Rev G. G. Howden and Mr E Nottwerere-eleeted secretaries. The followms: were elected by bllot for the offices named \- Treasurer: Mr. G. R. Reading. Committee; Revs. J. T. W. Davies, M. A.: J. Jefferie, LL.B. : T. Johnson, J. P. Sunderland, Messrs. J. R. Fairfax, W. J. Green, R. Hardie, and J. Mullens. YEAR BOOK. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland reported that a thousand copies of the Congregational Year Book for the year had been sold, and had they printed more they could have sold them. After all expenses had been paid there would be £12 to the good. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Sunderland as editor, and he was requested to continue his services for another year. THE INDEPENDENT. Mr. R. Nott gave a report of tho Independent. Ho stated that an alteration had been madein tho arrangement for printing and publication. Messrs. Foster and Fairfax undertook this part of the work, and were thoroughly satis- fied with the result. A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. T. S. Forsaith, the editor. RETIRING FUND. Mr. J. Mullens presented a report of the Congrega- tional Ministers' Retiring Fund, which, showed that there was a credit balance of £400. The Revs. T. S. Forsaith, J. Jefferis, and T. Johnson, and Messrs. Josiah Mullens, C. H. Myles, and J. R. Fairfax were appointed a Board of management for the ensuing year. CEMETERY REPORTS. Mr. Josiah Mullens and Mr. Samuel Thompson read reports of the financial position of the Independent cemeteries at Haslem's Creek and Devonshire- street. REGISTRAR'S REPORT. The Chairman, as registrar, gave a verbal report, and urged churches to furnish particulars respecting their trust deeds, with a view to their amendment by an Act of incor- poration which it was hoped would be speedily obtained. He also pointed to the special importance of having church properties insured, one church having met with a serious loss from neglect in this particular. The sitting was closed with prayer. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS In the evening, a public meeting was held in the School- room. After singing and prayer. The Rev. Chairman proceeded to read the following address on " English Congregationalism - its Misfortunes, Mistakes, State, and Prospects" :- Fathers and Brethren, Allow me to express my sincere thanks for the honour you have conferred, and to ask for your kindly forbearance and charity as I during tho coming year seeSi to discharge the dutie3" of this high oflice. Taking this position at this time, and in this place, one feels visited with the memory of ono of the greatest of my prede- cessors - that genial and able preacher of Christ, tho Rev. John Grabam. How profoundly were our hearts moved as we heard tho tragic ending of his useful lifo in the gene- rous attempt to save another! Nor did tho emotion abato when it was realised that ho died far from his much-loved wife and son in a foreign land. These build- ings, the large fellowship who worship and labour here, the mark ho mado on our community, are his monu- ments. Yet it seems due that the denomination, as a whole, should raise some special memorial to his name. May I request for the proposition your favourable and earnest consideration. Misfor- tunes never come singly. Scarce had wo recovered from the shock of Mr. Graham's death, ere the telegraph flashed the news that the Rev. Dr. Mullins, the singularly capable, zealous, and consecrated foreign secretary of the London Missionary Society, had died in the attempt to establish a mission on Lake Tanganyika, in Central Africa. In company with their brethren in all lands, the Congre gationalists mourn the loss of this great spiritual chief. However, we mourn not without hope. Graham and Mullens have gone to endless reward. Let us follow them in faith and patience that we also may inherit the promises. Congregational Churches are not novelties, nor aro they the fond devices of contentious men. Believers in the Lord Jesus were organised into separate and independent fellow- , ships in the earliest morning of Christian history. The Apostles were the founders of the fir>.t Independent churches; and they founded no other - thence, our*« is the primitive order. Of this, the New Testament is tho wit- ness. Congregational churches are now found in many lands ; in England, "Wales, Scotland, Ireland, the United States, Mexico, Canada, the West Indies, British Guinea, Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, France, Turkey, India, China, Japan, South Africa, West Africa, Madagascar, Samoa, Tahiti, and many other islands of the Pacific, &c.; Yet the number of professing Christians who adhere to Congregationalism is small when compared with the myriads who give allegiance to unscriptural forms of church polity. It would bo a long story how the errone- ous polities came to prevail over the primitive and Apostolic. Nor is the whole history of Congregationalism within my present scope, the career and prospects of English in- dependency will occupy all the timo at disposal. About the time of Queen Elizabeth, godly souls being enlightened by the Scriptures, and led of tho Holy Ghost began to form themselves into Christian churches of the Apostolic or Congregational order. For this they endured loss of goods, imprisonment, and death. Queen Elizabeth being misled by evil counsellors, sent Barrowe, Greenwood, and Penry to the gallows. Such was the sad fate of theso three saintly witnesses for independency, of whom the world was not worthy. They suffered the death penalty for nothing but their belief in Congregational, that is, New Testament church polity. The testimony of our martyred and perse- cuted brethren was not in vain, from that time Congrega- tionalism has on the whole made steady progress. It will profit us to consider the misfortunes and mistakes of Con- gregationalists since the days of Elizabeth, and also what, on tho ground of tho present con- dition of things among us, we may expect in time to como. Let us proceed to consider our misfortunes. I. The Effect of Politics. - It was the misfortune of Inde- pendency that through the attempt of Charles I. to establish a despotic monarchy on the ruins of English liberty, Inde- pendents became the backbone of the political party who cut off that false and perjured monarch's head. Not that thev were wrong in contending for tho pi incipal ot freedom, and demanding that the King btiould obey the law. But their action presented the principles of independency to the English nation in a political, more than in a religious light. So that men of other politics were prejudiced against their religious sjstem. II .Legalised Persecution - For when the Liberal and Republican party were overwhelmed by th re- action which placed the vile Charles II on the thrones of England and Scotland, the reactionary pal ty persecuted the Congregationalists alike for their politics and their re- ligion. Then wore passed tho infimous Conventicle, Corporation, Test, Uniformity, and Five-mile Acts It was not till 16S9, one year after the glorious revolution of 1688 effected by William of Orange, of blessed and famous memory, that the Toleration Act was passed, which secured Dissenters from loss of goods and liberty. But (as a writer in the English Independent remarked) " so hostile was much of the legislation in the reign of Anne, that it was not till the accession of the Hanoverian dynasty in 1714, that liberty of conscience was assured to Nonconfor- mists " Only on the accession of George I did the sturdy friends of the Congregational way win for themselves and the British nations the liberty to worship God in public, according to the dictates of individual con- science. The era of persecution was a grave mis- fortune to Congregationahsts, and did much to abate their number and influence for tho time btirnr. More- over, when they had attained hbeitv of woiship, they found themselves too much exhausted by the struggle to do much propagmhsm III. Demil of Power to Marry - Though Nonconformists were tolerated nud allowed to meet for public worship marriage by a Nonconfoi mist minister was illegal up to a generation ago. Even now in England and Wales tho Civu Regisfrai has, to attend at a maimge celebrated in a Nonconformist Church, wheieas an Anglican clergyman can colehiate niamage without such supcrvision. It is a wonder our riiglr-li metbren put up with such inequality It is time such barefaced and insolent favouritism disappeared from the laws of England. The former absence of povvei to perfoim Kgnl mirnnge and the present bitpoivi ion of our cleigy bv îe gistrars, when celebiatmg the rite vcl ile Anglicans are and were exempt from the«o, have done serious damage to our cause, as, indeed, they are and hay o been intended to do. Mamaio ii «o v ital a thing tin t to give the iiihtof its celebration to tbp State cleigy and deny it to the \ oluntinos giv e v ist pie^tige ti the Episco- palians, and in the same degree depressed the «tatus of Con- gregationalists, and this especially in the ej es of the lair sex, whose influence is so potent in affairs of religion IV. Exclusion from the National Universities - for several genentions Nonconformists were excluded from the national seats of leining. No Independent could without forswearing himself graduate at Oxford or Cambridge. Hence out laitv and clergy were byan unjust law deprived of all the advantages of the<=e noble national institutions. With great diiiiculty, amid pei sedition, mferioi substitutes, called academies, were pro idod, which had to ba resorted to by those who would piepaie for the exercisp of the ministry among us. In time our in csent colleges wet o brought into existence by the free contributions of om people IS,ow,how- ever, Oxford tvnd Cambndo-L mo in most respects open to the nation without regard to creed. Congregntionahsts vv ei e in the front of the battle w hich v on for Liiglishmcn this great right. Foi ill that, oui exclusion from the Lnueisitic! of England has been a great wiong and a vast misfortune V. Exclusion of our ieligiou= rites fiom the national burial grounds - What is moro sacred ' V, hat appeals more to the holiest and profoundest feelings of the human he wt than the burial of tho lemains ot tho beloved dead * Up to this hour all Dissonteis in England are prevented f tom burying then dead m the nation il chut cha auls with rites and prayers conducted bj their own lninisteis, but noient, volens must submit to the ministrations ot the State cleigy. This again dopin es our system of its duo pie»tige and also our intuísteis of a piuious oppor unitv of dilling with their own people at the moment then hearts aie most tender. A<*a nst tins miquih oai biethren aro carrying on strong war. Min Mctoij speedilj crown then standards. ibis denial of right, long persisted in Ins been tor Congregationalism notible misfortune VI Romish persecution: This has b"cn the source of considerable injun to us as a denomination even in most recent days. J et me call to \ our mind the doings of Rome, at Tahiti, and tho«e sufferings of tho late Mr Howe of sainted memory wbi h brought him to bygrave also, tao \ ion,r dona lo the native Congiegntionahtts m matters of conscience. Then theia were tho poiaecutio is in Lifu and Mate, of which the Rev Samuel rila isa living witnes3s with us to-day. Ihcn remember the two Contriegational ministers, who Y"ith tlieir congregations, were put to death bv Romish mobs in Mexico, five or si^ vears n¿o In the same spirit our mi sumaries aro prevented bv Romish intolerinco from Chustiamzing the natives of New Caledonia. How strangely does Protestant tolerance contrast with Roman intolerance! While we are refused ibert> to labour in New Caledonia., the very French priests who are at the bottom of this intolerance live with- out insult and labour without hindrance at Villa Maria in New South Wales. Everywhere Poperj is a deadly foe to Congiegationalism. While main- taining the just lights of all men, let us never be seduced on airy pretext to nccordauv privilege to Romanism VII. Our disadvantage in Australia through the action of the civil power: Moro or less in Australia the State has sought to aid churches by direct grants of money for build- ing churches and parsonages, and for ministerial stipends; also by granting sites for churches, schools, and p irson ages, also by direct money grants for Denomi- national education. The Anglican, Roman, Scotch, and Wesleyan Churches have received this State-aid Congregationalists and Baptists have been constrained of conscience to refuse the gifts, of the civil power. Thus we have been put, and are put, to relative disadvantage. So long as the State pursues the wrongful practice of State-aid, so long must we bear this cross for Jesus' sake. However, State-aid to clericalism is abolished in all the colonies but New South Wales, and here tho direct money grants are no longer voted. The othir forms of this abomination cannot remain much longer. Some congregational misfortunes have been btought to view, now ponder some of the great mistakes. 1. With reference to lay preaching. Th» Independeuts y oro the first in England to nssert the right of prophesy for the laity , for its sake some of our la., brethren lay dow n then hy es By its means, in the days of Cromwell, the gospel of Christ was carried by Independents throughout England and obtained grleat acceptance. The evil days ot Charles II and James II cime'on, still the lay brethren pio2Jhpcicd , but bj stealth, under the repressive government and the intolerance of the State Chuich, it died away, and only the regular ministers among us exercised their gifts. Under the Wesleys the lay preaching revived and became a powerful means of propagutin" the Gospel and Methodism. From the feeling roused ii the heart bj the Holy Ghost, also from the example of Methodists, many of our lay brethren have desired to preach, and have done so. But as a bodv of men, for many years, our ministers snubbed and put down lay preachers, and so drove dozons of our men of good gifts to the Methodist bodies and to Plymouthism. In this absurd policv, begotten in academies and oolleges conduct/d upon the principles of the Roman seminansm, the ministers were backed by the bulk of their people. How much mightier in numbers, how much moro abounding m able preachers, and effective men would Congregational- ism be to day, it, instead of suppressing the spirit of prophecy among tho lay bretbern, it had been lovingly evoked, wisely utdised, and zealously worked I am pre- pared to assert of personal ltnowledge, that if we had properly dealt with lay preaching we should have boen four times stronger in New South Wales at this time. In England we have made immense loss bv this sad error _ Suppression of testimony to tho=e ecclesiastical principles of the New Testament which are called Congregationalism, in the pubho utterance of the Congiegational ministers. This dislojal conduct ha6 been prevalent. Foi thirty years to my knowledgo leading men among us have boasted that they have never preached on the distinctive principles 01 indepenclencv aur ln«- the whole course of their ministry. Others preached that the New Testament has no principles accouling to which God s people are to be organized for fellow ship and testimony here upon earth that it it, a matter of expediency. Though all history gives them the lie, thei ha e said that questions of church government are of little moment. Whereas church government is the most vital question of this mortal life, it is that which cuts deepest into human character and most affects tho family and tho social and civil institutions of men. Is it a matter of expediency whether it shall be Pope, or Prelate or Presbjterv, or Independent Church? Read the history of Europe for the la=t oOO j eui s Reflect on the bloodv. wars, the torturing persecutions, the change in all institutions, the development of mo-als, the progressions of thought, the difference between the Romish family in which the priestis master, intradinginto the most secret things of husband and wife, and the Protestant family, whero the husband is the true head of tho bouse, and say if Ghurch government, which has been thn pivot around which all has turned, is a Question of expediency? Our people have largely taken to heart the teaching given, and so many have drifted away to other denominations, also in many parts of Australia have shown and do show lamentable indifference to the establishment of Con- gregational Churches in the localities in whioh their lot has been cast. And even when toler- ably near our churches have not put themselves to any inconvenience in order to stfend, to the manifest dis- couragement of our loyal brethren aud detriment of our countrv ministers. It is greatly to bo rejoiced in that the era of culpable indifference to principle has come to an end. Indifferonce is not a genuine, but a bastard liberalism, bap- tize it by what name you will III -" T he gov eminent of our collejres has been based on wrong principles " It cannot be said that any blame rests on those honourable and honoured men who established the colleges in Britain and the colonies. Under the peculiar and hostile treatment Congrcgationahsts received from tho State and the State Church, our fathers did the best th<y could with the light thev had. They established the colleges we have, but in so doing they did not give the Churches as such, any voice or power in then management lh.s has ever boen resolved to the subscribers alone, and is a very plutocratic i nd oligarchic arrangement. It means that money shall have the exclusive powei in the training of tho Congiega*ional minist-v. It excludes the Churches, as such, from con- trolling the education of their future mimst< rs, which from the Congregational point of view, is an outragpous b^ht ling of the Churches of Christ. It has had the effect of making it difficult to sustain the colleges, where is if the Churches had had the duty of their maintenance throw i upon them, and if they had had to elect delegates and con- sider the state and needs of tho colleges, they would have taken a more lively interest in them If we set the exanilc of distrusting Congregational Churches and superseding them by irres] insible oligaich c amngements, we cannot expect others to believe the divine origin and practical efiiciency of In lepen lencv. If the Churches m their corporate» capacity had been roused to the consideration and support of our colleges and missions, how much nobler our corporate Chuich lite would havob°cn. IV. Neglect of Combination. - An American writer has well said "That the cardinal pnnc pies of Independency are the autonomy of the local church and the obligation of Christians to enter into Church fellowship. At the same time as the Churches are institutions organized, according to God's appointment, as the human agency for the redemption of men, thej are bound to do their common work in mutual fellowship and co-operation. Hence we should confederate with each other to the upmost - ever remembering that the local Church is the only body which possesses the power of the key s, and that w e can have no such confederacy of Churches for any purpose as allows ot compalsion and oppie3sion " But legitimate combination has been greatly neglected by our Churches. It has been common among us to remain very isolated, Church from Church. YMi°n the brotherlj-spirited have urred confederation, the cry has goi e forth, ' lndepen dency in danger" ibis a ninovv Little Pedlington spirit has been engende!«!, mid mighty woiks which might have been done for Chi ist and for humanity , hay e boen 1 ft undone. Congregationahsts in the United Snfs have made disastrous mistakes. In the beginning of this century Congregationalists were the most numerous and influential body in the States. Now thej onh occupy a fifth or sixth rate position 1 he Methodists and Baptists, who were relatively nov-here seventy years ago, now outnumber our people by millions. Bv tho enois, and consenuent losses of our brethien in the Gteat Western Republic let us m Ansfialu bo warned. The Amencm mistake vvis neceptiuce of the position of a State Clnmh Onciujuiious stop of our American brethren was to accept the position of a State Church in New England. As it has ever done to the Churches of Christ, the State connection brought in its ti un many mis- fortunes. Such connection is utterly aliento the genius of Independency. It engendered an case-loving, aristo- cratic spirit, which regarded the common people cheaply. It presented our Churches to the coun- try as leaning on compulsory taxation, gathered bv the officers of the State, instead of testing on the freewill offerings of God's people. In the abolition of this State alliance, and the precedent agitation, tho papular feeling went dead against Congregationalism thus there aiose vast and to us sorrowful ¡alienation fiom om churches. Over-culture of the clergy -Another injurious practice of American Independents has been the over litetary and scientific culture of the cleigy. Thus there was produced in them a recluso and «eholailv life, whHi placed thom out of sympathy with the multitude I hey becamo cold petrifications of learning instead of being men míame for Chust and yearing for man's silvihon, whereas the un- cultured, warm-bearted Methodist preachers with their apt speech in place of the written essays lee t»d by the Con/ie gationalists, went foith and took thepnoplebv myriads away from us and have established one of the mightiest Christian organizations on the globe The German Protostunt Chuich is a dreadful warning that mere academic tinininç even when neatest perfection, does not maki an elfcient dei^i A third great mist iko was the plan of union between tilo Congregationahsts and the Presbytenans Of this let Aus- tralian Congregationalists take spc 1 ii note for many of them are bent on a similar follv 'sivsDi J Clink m his ' Congrosatioml Church m ¡Massachusetts " This plan wis adopted in 1801 and made provision that Piesb\ toi ians and Congregationahsts emig-iiting to the new settlements of the West be encouraged to listet a spirit of mutual for- bearance and accommodation that a Congregational Church s-'ttliuga Presbytonan minist l.orvice versa, nmv stillcon duct the discipline according to their own Church prineiph s, and that in case the Chuich be of a mixed character, paitlj Prosbytenuu and partly Congi egational, they 111 iv choose a standing commttee ft oui tho communicants of the said church to issue all cases of disciplino without consulting anvbody oleo, but allowing the condemned number to aopeal, if he were a Presbyterian, to tho presbytorv, if a Congregitioualist to the church." Dr. Cushing, in a paper lead befoie tho Alumni of Andnvei Seminary, June 2S, 1S"G, oa\s -"In the piac tical working of this plan of union thp udv atitase generilh accrued to the partv having tho strongei form of Church government A Presbyterian minister presbvtcimnisel his flock. The Chinches, on the ' plan of union" ' were put under the caroot presbyten, and the piesbv (cn ' cared for thom, thus nundi eds of chui che , mostly composed of Congregational elements, have been turned awav from our communion I\ 1 astlv, American Cougicgatiouahsts went into and supported all sorts ot unsectarian institutions, and neglected their own. This is very much like that non provism for one's own household, which is worse than infidelity. However, the American brethren have seen all the foregoing follies, and for some few years have been applying effective remedies Not- withstanding misfortunes and mistakes Independency has made great progress, and has good prospecte. In support of this assertion reference may be made to many facts. I. Forcign Missions: Our people have been very successful in foreign missions. The establishment and support oi these efforts to make the Saviour known have been fraught with great hie ting to the home churches, while are have sought to refresh the parched souls of the heathen with the water of life, God has refreshed oui s with reviving dews of grace. The missions of our society, the London are to bo found in the West Indies, the South Seas, New Guinea, India, China, and Madagascar. In connection with them there are-European missionaries, 142 native ordained Congregational ministers, 3o3 native lay preachers 3979 Church members rr eommunirnnts 101928, native adherents, 3SSi76 boys' schools 1856 scholars in same 65,7-1 girls' schools, 351 scholars in same 14,178. Then there are the foreign missions of our american brethi en to bo found in Mahratta Ceylon the Hawaian Islands, Turkey, European and Asiatic, China, Zulu Land, Micronesia, Dakotah, Japan, Spain, Austria, Mexico, Jamaica, West Indies. Employed in these countries thero are 128 American Independent clergy- men. These have a proportionate staff of native helpers of schools and other instrumentalities. Good progress has been made in all these countries, that in the Turkish Empire is something wonderful. Our in- fluence is playing a large part and will play a larger in what is called the East. Remarkably has our advance checked the advance of Rome. Names wreathed with glory are to be found among the roll of our modern missionaries names and memories which shine as stars in the firmament of human history and are held in honour and veneration throughout the civilised world. Let me mention Dr. Monson who translated the Scriptures into the Chinese; \\\ lllmms, the Apostle of tho South Se is and martiyr of Enomanga Moffat the Apostle of South Afnci and Liv ngstone, the missionary tray Her of Central Africa Likewise the intrepid Dr Mullens who so lately lay down his life foi the Gospel The e and the noble! band of which tbev are the more known, reflect credit, and gtv e prestige to, v hile they awaken Godlj emulation throughout the Congregational îanks The reports of, and mpetings in connection with foreign writ have bioadened the mind and pren ired the hearts of our people to find place for the n^eds of the -whole human race and have led them to re ilize the ,,randeur of Christ as the Son of Man the woild s Re deemer As also so m my races in so manj conditions are found ready to yield to the benign influences of the Gospel and where thej do so the same blessed fruits of righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost appear our faith m the div me character and origin of the Gospel is gr ntlv stiengthened Moreover Congregationalism will by mean« of these efforts Iiav e great strength ra many lands II Colonial Mis ions -Con urrently with the foreign the colonial mission has been at work and has established hundreds of our churches in the various dependencies of the Bntish Crown This work is of vast moment Tho British aro tho Imperial race; Epeedily they will bo numbered by tho hundred mil- lions. ' How important to lay a foundation of influence for good among the vast EnsrlÍ3h-speaking people which yet shall be. Success among other races can never com- pensate for failure among these masters of the world. The great proof that Congregationalism is rooting in the Greater Britain is the estab- lishment of colonial colleges, and that a ministry educated in the colonies is now coming forward to the work. III. Retiring Funds : Within the last few years, in various parts of tbo world, there have been established in connec- tion with our churches funds for ministers incapacitated by age or infirmity. Justice has thus been done to many faithful servants of Christ and of the churches who have worn out in the ministry of the Gospel, and who, from the modesty of their stipends, 'have not been able to make provision for old ago. Before these retiring funds were founded, many aged mon wero obliged to retain their hold of thoir churches ; and to see them gradually wither through failure of their powers because they had no othor way of avoiding starvation. By enabling men to retire churches have it in their power to socure the services of younger and moro vigorous men, thus upholding their own efficiency. In New South Wales wo have the beginning of" a fund. Its increase is devoutly to be wished. If, when making their wills, our wealthier members, or others without natural heirs, remembered the aged ministers, our funds would benefit without injury and without strain. It is sad to think that our older clergy cannot parfaite in the benefit of our present provision. IY. Organization : Tbe Congregational Churches have very much lacked due combination for carrying on their common work. There has been deficiency both of quantity and quality. Among the advantages of the foreign work it has taught the churches the need of co- operation, and the advantage of organization. Unions havo boen formed in the vari- ous countries where our churches ure found, in order to consider and maintain general' interests. A few years, and a Pan-Congregntionnl Council will probably meet in London or Now York. Re- cently in England there has beon formed a great united national society for Congregational church extension. Au offectivo institution of a similar kind is now at work in the United Stnteä. So also in Canada, and in each of the Australian colonies. Tho generally superior organization of independency will, by God's favour, toll to our benefit all over the world. V. The schools of tho Prophets : Excepting he porjurrd himself, no Congregational¡3t, for many long vears, could enjoy any share of advantago from the national Universities of England. This was the greater wrong as we have always believed in a learned ministry, and have sought to make the best provision in our power to secure this great end. We havo many colleges in England whi'h give vory high culturo and which aro ever increasing in efficiency. There is also a movement towards closer union between our Euglish colleges, and a laudable desire to supplement each other's work, which are very favourable augurios. More over, now that justice is done in opening to us the national universities, it is hoped that our students may avail thom- , selves of thpse in arts and science?, so that the colleges may I be moro specially devoted to theological ihstruction. In the United States we have seven theological colleges with about three hundred students ; then wo have the Canadian College, the Victorian, the Adelaide, tho Camdon, the Samoan, the Malagasy, and several others in the various lands of the heathorn These numerous colleges, with the large band of students to be found in thom, show that our cause will not lack . men able to sustain and improve our position by the full and effective ministration of Christ's Gospel in time to come. VI. Lay Preachers.-Another cheering feature in the present aspect of our affairs is the greater recognition of lay preachers. In England the ministerial jealousy has greatly abated, and more of our people will tolerato their ministra- tions. Moreover there are among them men of very superior gifts who have dono much to obtain general recognition for their order. Thus throughout our borders there are efforts being made to organúo and improve tho lay staff, with the view to the more effectually utilizing their gifts and graces. i In the foreign fields hundreds of laymen are so employed.4 The influence of this example has reacted beneficially upon the Churches of the European race, and led many to see the value of this instrument ility. Meantime, our Sunday schools, thtough tho practice of address giving, also our Bands of Hope and other children's meetings, have given practico and exercise to gifts, and havo thus trained to our hands a largo body of useful men. Let us assiduously and devoutly attend to and encourage the lay preaching, and great and blessed will be the results. " To the poor tho Gospel is preached." In the bygone time Congregationallsts were neglectful of the poorer classes. One would have thought tho Gospel was only intended for the comfortable middle classes. Instead of gathering the poor into Congregational churches, and providing a kind of pastor suitable for them, our English brethren have been coûtent to assist that worthy body, the Primitive Methodists, to do th's work. This they were right in doing, but it is the very glory of Christ that to the poor the Gospel is preached, und we ought to be avaricious of a goodly share in this groat glory. Independency is adapted for every class and for every grade of civilization. If it were not, it would not bo the divine means for organiz- ing the faithful. In Wales it has great hold of the poorest. The attention of the denomination is now being turned to this work. In tho Nottingham Institute men aro being prepared for this special kind of labour. As we are now striving to affect all grades of society, instead of confining uttention to one or two, our denomination will broaden; and ns wo make tho poor a special object, so may we expect blessing from him who is the Saviour of all men Sunday Schools.-In no kind of Christian work have Independents been more successful than in the Sunday school. In England, America, and Australia, the Sunday schools are the objects of our legitimate pride and satifaction. Without doubt, Congrega tionnlists are enthusiastic educationists In proportion to our numbets vye have n large attend ince bith of teachers and .schohrs Wo believe u lehgiou ducat ion, and show that wp do bj peisonal labours to imput it We should be ashamed to ask tho State to teach religion to our children Ifwew»re tooim«pilv or to j wanting m affection for r m children, oi lovait to Christ to mtorm them with saving knowledge ourselves, we should never bia on abroad the wickedness ot oui h=arN bv asking ti e Government to per- form the duty wo negleitel flip marled absence of Concregitiotiiilists from the gaols and piupei asylums, tho exceeding fewness of our women to be found among the d lughtci s of sh ime, th« excec ling domesticity of out fimihes the pmîtj and stn tncss ot oui homes, tholaigo piopottionato numbei of communie ints among us, the fervent interest m forDicm missions, and also, m the concerns of the lnnviduil Chinch, all show that v ithout tno help of Co_sir Congre itionahsts nmturo then yong lu the fpar and lovo of God Mmv mi prov emetits hay e been m ide in oui Sunday schools It is much more common thin ioimerlv to provide c1 i«s looms Tho librtrips ire nioio numeious and filled with books bet tei adapted foi thoa ming I ho mcieasmg efhcienu of the diy schools will îeidei intreas°l efhciencv in the Stmdav schools an absolute neces- sity But the faith and /eil which hay o biought om schools to what thev uo will enblo them to leen abuast ot tho aco Let out devotion to Sibba h schools hi nmiutimed and increased and nch shall ho the hu vest, not only of suuls saved, but also oi expanded pov* i foi Longrogitiouahsm Tho Con^iegatnnal Pies -Iho mightiest weapon of modern tunos is the Pip s Bv its moms, aid on a meat seile, the mind of man can bo penetrated, hu thoughts moulded and his action determined Gieat is tho need of a denominational htemtme 1 ho public ] apers have not spice noi have thev sympathy with tho denominational peculiarities, nor would piofereuco on their part be just so that it wo would secure adequ ite detailed denominational information, discuss on of oui pimciples, 01 advoci.cj of oui interests, dei oramational htemtuio is a neces- sity Slowlj such literature is being iormed graduallj but surely oui people aro being brought to suppoit their own oreans, and to enjoj the writing;«, of their hteraiy chiefs. Our principal organs have now a secured position, and may rationally expect a widening influence. The nonconformist ranks with the first papers of the Empire, while the American Independent is among the highest of the American journals. Our own little paper-thanks to the present indefatigable editor-has reached paying point, and has had a wholesome and stimulative effect on our Churches in iew South Wales. The presence in our ranks of great writers, such as Brown, Dale, Reynolds, Joseph Cook, Waddington, and many others, united with a disposition to support them, tell that a day of brightness is coming for our Press. The Service of Song.-To this the sons and daughters of music, whoso hearts God has touched, cannot give too much heed. In this, as in all other spheres of human activity, there is need of judgment. In the United States, many of our churches have an absurd expensivo and injurious practice of praising God by proxy. Concerted pieces are sung by the choir, while the people simply listen. In Eng- land and the colonies, our churches inherit, by a sacred tradition, the practice of Congregational singing. While the mass of the people should siug, they should be so guided that the song may be of a noblp kind. All thoso learned in the mysteries of melody say that our service of song has improved, and is improv- ing. The power of Luther's psalms to promote the German Reformation, of Marét's psalms among tho French, of Watts's hymns over the religious mind of England in the 18th century, shows that we may expect much fromjthe increased efficiency of that sweet means of worship and instruction, "the service of song." Conclusion: As the bush which Moses saw was burnt, hut not consumed, so English Congregationalism, which is the revival of the primitive order of Christian organization, has passed a baptism of fiery misfortune, but still survives. The men charged with this duty of witnessing to the heaven born principles of Church order (being but earthen vessels) have mado their mistakes. Yet the leading mistakes have been discovered and abandoned. The internal condition of Independency, as a whole, is one of healthful vigour. AVe are ready, under God, to face all the eventualities of the coming time. The advance of civil liberty throughout the world, tho increased enlightenment ot the nations, the spread of ability to read, the great distribution of the Scriptures, the tendency among believers to reject nil authority but the Bible, make it clear that, as God has given a providential discipline . to, and preparation of, Independency, so He has propared, and is preparing, the world to receive its noble principles. As Christianity first showed herself in the bright morning of her career, and wonhor first great but benignant victories when organized after the Congrega- tional order, so in the grand millennial evening of the earthly history of our divine religion Christianity will he again arrayed in tho lovely robes of Congregationalism. The address was received with many demonstrations of approval, and at the close a voto of thanks was passed to the Chairman, on the motion of the Rev. J. P. Sunder- land, seconded by Mr. Walker. The proceedings closed with prayer. 