Kobert Wreford's Dangliter. BY EMMA JANE WOBBOIBK. CHAPTER XXVIII.-"WILD HORSES WILL HOT DRAO MK THERE." It was autumn again, and Anne had boen at home now a whole twelvemonth. But ßince Easter sho had attended a. morning-school, and received lessons from several masters. Her father had gradually recovered Iiis spirits, and sometimes re ceived a few friends, though no actual party was given. Anne prosecuted her intimacy with Mrs. Stanbury and her niece Maria, to her great con tent; fox* at Clematis Cottage-for so Mrs. Stan bury's pretty; little house was called-she often found the wise counsel sho sorely needed, and never went there without coming away cheered, and encouraged to overcome difficulties, and espe cially those which had their source in her own un disciplined tempor. She strove with all her might to like Mrs. Russell, but succeeded very poorly. That lady became more than over a thorn in the flesh to her; for, as the spring ad vanced, she saw so much of her, and was required on several occasions to submit to her questions of dress, of study, and even of house hold arrangement. " The worst of it is," she said ono day to Maria Meredith, " all her plans are good, if not super excellent. She always knows exactly how thing» should be; she has a thousand pretty little devices of her own, as regards both the toilet and tha table. She is full of resources, whatever be the emergency ; and I must say, she has got me out of no end of scrapes, into which I should have fallen through my thoughtlessness and inexperience. She really is wonderfully clever, and what father calls ' a woman of faculty !' Only I can't foel grateful to her, as I know I ought to feel ; and she is so kind to me m httle ways, and helps me with my music and German, better than any of the governesses at our college, and she never will let father scold me 1 But that lia where tho shoe pinches. I had rather father were left to Bcold me at his will. I cannot bear that any one should come between him and me. And I don't see what she has to do with it, Miss Meredith. Why should she pretend to influence father ?" " Why, indeed!" repliedMissMeredith,scarcely knowing how to answer. Of course, people were not blind, and there were already whispers about Mr. Wreford and the beautiful widow, who had lately interested heraelf more than ever in the affairs of Ivysido,and grown wonderfully fond of " darling Anne." But thero had been no defined roport. "Only eight months since poor Mrs, Wreford died, you know ! Of course there is nothing in it yet," said the gossips, when thoy talked their neighbours over. And, happily, no one presumed to give Anne even a remote hint of what might be some day next summer probably!; and not being a girl given to speculations on love and matrimony, she did not disquiet herself as she might have done with forebodings of what might happen; though, every now and then, the thought would darb into her mind that it was not impossible that her father should marry again-in a year or two, say-ani that his choice might fall on Mr«. Russell. That he had already made his election, that ho and Mrs. Maud were actually affianced lovers, never onco occurred to her !-but so it was. Robert and Mrs. Russell had somehow drifted into an understand ing. No proposal was ever made, and there were no public demonstrations of anything beyond a mutual kindly feeling ; but when the summer rosea began to fade, and the berries grew crimBon on the mountain ash, the pair had begun to talk about the wedding-day, and they called each other in private Robert and Maudie; and sometimes, after the fashion of lovers, more endearing names than these. Anne thought afterwards that ahe must have been wilfully blind, for so many tilings passed before her that might have revealed the true state of affairs. But she had read very_ few novels; she had never cared for the ordinary school-girl chatter about loveru and engagements and prospective weddings; sue hod never watched the progress of any courtship, HS might have hap pened had she elder sisters or cousins, likesonieof her young friends j so she failed to recognise the character of the ricard which evidently subsisted between her father and the woman whom, of ah ? others, she instinclir^y disliked. Besides, it « : difficult for any girl to realise her own father in i his new and too-often unwelcome capacity or i lover. Mrs. Russell had taken up her abode xrm some friends of hers at Staniford Hill j they ff er« rfllativeB of her íate husband, and their name waa Gresley They were a Mr. and Mrs. Gresley, fllderlyï fashionable people, with four daughters ' J_iv0 already married, and two still candidates for promotion. Mr3. Bussell was a pattern of pro priety, and when regular love-making became a «art of Robert's programme whenever they met, she deemed it quite time-widow as she was-to olace herself " under protectioa." No one should ever say that sho.went courting Robert j and who iball blame her P No sooner had her lover taken possession, as it were, than Ivyside became a ta booed place, to Anne's extreme relief, she con struing the lady's absence in the way most satis factory to herself-her father and Mrs. Russell were bocoming leas intimato ! Consequently, the j remote danger which she had occasionally appre hended no longer existed, and she would bo freed from a yoke which was all the more troublesome, because it waB so well-lined and so softly padded os to seem to outsiders no yoke at all. Oh, poor deluded Anne Wreford ! As regarded the practi cal concerns of life, and tho common sense of most things, she was a woman before her time. As re garded les affaires de cour she was a veritable child, much more so than her years warranted. Girls, in their sixteenth year, are usually sharp enough in scenting and finding out all about forthcoming marriages and unannounced engage ments. But, all at once, Anne's eyes were opened, and tho dreamy, undefined vision of a possible atep-mother became a dread reality. It was a scorching August day, almost as hot as that on which Mr. Jobson had grumblod at taking his mistress and his horses to the Wost End a year ago. Mrs. Russell and her friend Laura Gresley were taking luncheon at Ivyside, and, for a wonder in Anne's estimation, at least, Mr. Wreford was at home. Miss Gresley was a giddy young crea ture of five-and-thirty, andgshe managed to make herself agreeable to Anno Wreford. Various alterations, and improvements were hoing planned at Ivyside; some of them Anne approved, others she thought unnecessary and whimsical. Luncheon bsing over, and Mr. Wreford and Mrs. Russell engaged in conversation about the redecoration of the drawing-room, Laura, with an engaging affectation of girlishness, threw her arms roind Anne's waist, »nd whispered. "Lot you and I slip away, chere Annette, and leave these infatuated people to their own devices. Let us go and sib in that shady summer-house under tho great chestnuts." Anne was quite ready to comply, for the dining room was warm and close, though the windows were wide open to tho lawn, and she was tired of hearing tho changes rung upon yellow or roso damask, green and gold, oí blue and silver. " What a fuss it all is !" she said, a little pet tishly, when she and her companion found them selves at a safe distance from the house. " Any colour that is pretty will do ; though, for my part, I would rather the room were left as it is. It is justas it was when dear mother sat last in it. And that white and gold paper is as clean as when it was first hung. I can't imagine what makes father so hot upon papering and painting and new furni ture, all of a sudden." " Can't you ?" said Laura, significantly. " Oh, you innocent, unsophisticated Annette !" "Don't call me Annette, please; my name is Anno-plain Anne j and I never was called any thing else. And why do you call me innocent and unsophisticated P Your tone seems to imply that you mean rather credulous and foolish !" " I am not sure that you are very wise, if, indeed, you really do not know what is going on undei your very eyes ! Only-I can't believe it-yoi ? Vingcmt, chere petite ! Surely, surely-to speal expressively, though inelegantly-you smel a rat?" j "I smell a rat!" returned Anne, quito con founded. "Well, I cannot say I do. Please explaii yourself." " is it possible you don't soe why Maud aticki ; out for amber satin in the drawing-room ?" . ? "How should I ? I hato yellows, unless thei be tho most delicate lemon tints j and what do w< want with a rose and silver boudoir ?" "?Âh, Anne, Anne, you are playing Vingenui with a vengeance. Amber suits Maud's com . plexion botter than any other colour, though ros< tints are very becoming: for you can't call her i downright brunette. That very palo clear olive is better designated as cream-colour, I think." "?But," said Anno, bewildered, yet feeling sid at heart, and almost physically sick as well, " bu why should our drawing-room be made to suit he: . complexion any more than Mrs. Gresley's, or Mrs Dawson's, or--" You will be the death of mc, Anno Wroford I can t help laughing at you. But if you really and truly are so ignorant of impending events, : am not at all sure that I am the proper person ti enlighten you." _ " You don't mean to say that my father is goinj to marry Mrs. Russell?" "I do mean it, though." "When?" And Anne put her hand to her side, as though i Budden, sharp pain had seized her, and leanei agaicBt the trunk of a tree. She had become s ghastly palo, that Miss Gresley was terrified, am "wished from her inmost heart she had not ther and then been tempted to make the disclosure. >i "^7ie'1? again Anne questioned, in a low hoi low voice, with her hand over her eyes, like on who waits in dread a cruel stab or blow. "In about six weeks, I believe. The end o September will suit your papa for leaving home ~ and Maud likes that time as well as any other only there is so much to bo done. But tho dress makers are hard at work, of course, and tho law yera have all their instructions. - Maud will not b married without proper settlements thi3 time; BII has had quite enough of being left in the lure! It was a shame of poor old cousin Jacob to dio be fore he made his will." But Anne spoke no word. There she stood, a « turned into stone, leaning still against th wee, her face covered with her hands, as if th ugnt were hateful. "Como now," said Miss Gresley, "you mustn' .take it in this way. I never thought you would b 80 JTÍ' ?Dear'Ts ! ifc is ratlier ßillyof y°u'is j not t Most mm marry a second, time if they ge \- : the chance, and why not Mr. Wreford ? Maud says he is only in his forty-eighth year; that's quite young for a man, you know, and he is very handsome, and has plenty of money, and you are his only child. Bless me! why should he go mourning all his days? Why should he not be happy again, with a young and charming wife? Not that Maud is as young as she pretends to be. She gives out that she is under thirty; now I know for a fact that she will never again see her three-and-thirtieth birthday. But what of that ? She is still fourteen or fifteen years your papa's junior, and a most suitable match in every way. Anne, why don't you speak ?" At last Anne did uncover her face, and dropped into her seat with a deep sigh. Sho was not crying, but Laura could hardly believe that she was the same girl who had helped her to cutlets less than half an hour ago, nor yet the samo who had «orno with her from tho house, wondering why the draw ing-room and other rooms ßhould bo so hastily re habilitated. Miss Gresley was not by any means a tender-hearted girl, yet she felt extremely sorry for Anne, and thought her father might himself have taken the trouble to inform his daughter of the change so speedily awaiting her. "You are quite sure aboutit?" Anne said, after a long silence. " It is really settled ?" " As settled as Magua Charta and tho Reform Bill. Why, child, tho wedding- dress is ordered white satin-the richest satin I ever saw, and the loveliest little bonnet and Brussels lace veil. What a pity it isa widow may not bo married in a veil and wreath ; and she must not wear orange blossoms, you know." "Mustn't she? She might, if she chose, I fancy." " Of course, there is no law against it, but a woman in society obeys les convenances on princi ple. Maud would not for worlds do anything im proper ; und it would be glaringly improper if sho went to church in a maiden bride's attire. There's another thing, too, that's vexatious widows don't havo bridesmaids." " Don't they ?" said Anno, in a tone of relief. It had just nashed upon her that bridesmaids would probably be required, and that she would be commanded to officiate in that capacity. "No," returned Laura ; "but they have attend ants-brideswomen, I suppose you may call thom. Maggie and myself aro to be brideswomen, also Henrietta Thompson and Mrs. John Gresley. It's pretty much the same thing, only one cannot be dressed so gaily. Two of us-wo two-are to be in silver grey and palest blue, and the other two in mauve and cream. Then your dress has to be arranged; and it was talked about last night. Your papa leaves it entirely in Mrs. Russell's hands-no one has such taste, as he well knows; but Maud said she did not liko to order it till she had spoken to you about it. What will you wear, dear ? I advise a pretty full pink, not too deep, of course, nor yet too pale. Shouldn't you prefer that to primrose or blue ?" "No, I should not." "Ah, but you ought to have some choice. Maud is quite anxious, I assure you, that you should present a good appearance on the wedding-day, Mamma proposed white muslin-embroidered, oi course, and elegantly trimmed with good lace. Bul Maud said it would not look important enough, What do you think?" "I think nothing, and shall think nothing about it." " It would serve you right if Maud dressed you up to look like Glumdalclitch, or some horror ol notoriety. Yon deserve to go to church in sergej or grogram- whatever that may be-with big sun flowers in your bonnet, and a scarlet dahlia in your hand." " Ï go to church on such an occasion ! How dc you suppose I should go ? Wild horses will not drag me there." *' I dare Bay not; but tame ones will-wedding greys, of course, with white favours at their ears, and a wedding-chaise behind them." " I tell you nothing shall induce me to take any part in ,so shameful a ceremony. I will not go to church ; I will not show myself during the wed ding festivities ; I will not put off my mourning, It is infamous, wicked, cruel j and my darling was with us this day twelvemonths ! Is the wedding day .fixed for the day: after that which hringE round the anniversary of her funeral ? A twelve month and a day is tho fixed terni of docent oi indecent widowood, I believe." "Take care, Anno; you are sitting in judgment on your own father, remember. And you will be very foolish if you provoke Maud's enmity so need lessly ; and she knows how to hate, I promise you. Mrs. Wreford will not be quite as bland and sugary as Mrs. Russell ; you had better take care." " Don't call her that, for pity's sake." " Sho¡will bo that ; I have no doubt her carde are ordered-* Mrs. Robert Wreford, Ivyside.' ] think if I were she, I would retain my present name as well. ' Mrs Robert Russell Wreford,J sounds very well-quite a grandiose roll about it." " Quite !" said Anne, with bitter sarcasm " Only I should always think of the school exer cise on E's,as, 'round tho rugged, rugged rocks.1 Shall we go back to the house ?" " You are not fib to tro back ! you look ns if yoi had seen a ghost since luncheon-a legion of them, indeed." "I shall not meet them; I am going to mj own room-I can slip up the back Btairs. Will you be so kind as to make my excuses." " Shall I tell them you know." " I shall be obliged to you if you will." " I need not say I [shall be prudent, and nol repeat a word of what you have been saying." " On the contrary, you will be so good as to re peat it all. They will certainly ask you how 1 took such a delightful piece of news, and you must tell the truth." " Not I. I never speak tho truth when it is ugly, I shall say that you were a little upset at first, but that you aro calmer now, and-" "As you will. I am going." And without more ado, Anno turned into a side walk, in time to escape being seen by the betrothed pair, who were just issuing from the dining-room window. She entered the house unperceived, and gained her bed-room in safety. Then she locked the door fiercely, and drew the bolt as well, and lowered the blinds, for she could not bear to see the sunshine and the waving trees and smiling flowers without. A minute afterwards she was lying on her bed, sobbing as if her heart were broken. " Oh, mother, mother !" she cried piteously, " why did I not go with you ? No one really loved youbut'mo/and no ono loved me bat yourself. Oh, why did not God take us both together P It is cruel, cruel to put this woman in your placo j this woman who troubled you, I know. And I can do nothing to prevent it. She will have your dear name, and sib in your place, and perhaps I shall seo my fa+her pet her, and make much of her. Oh, how shall I ever bear it P But I will never ac knowledge her-no, never ! I will never call her e mother' ; and as for going to the wedding-how shocking it sounds ! my own father's wedding ! I would as soon, and sooner, mount tho scaffold. Oh, mother, mother darling, it is too hard; I can not bear it." Hours sped on, and Anne still lay there making her passionate, vain lament, till at last she wept herself ¡to sleep. It was clark when Bhe awoke, and she felt faint and cold, warm as was tho even ing. Some one was knocking at the door, and she called out to know who was there. It was Jane, saying she was afraid that she was ill, and would she not como down, or would she have a cup of tea at onco P Her mistress replied that she had rather not be disturbed; she wanted nothing, only to bo loft alono j in the morning Bhe would be better. But Jane continued, " Master said I was to call you, ma'am, that he wished to see you particular." " Toll my father my head is too bad, I cannot talk to-night." Jane went down with tho message, but quickly returned, begging that the door might be opened. " What is it?" aBked Anne, in an exhausted tone. "I told you I could take nothing; lam going to bed, Jane." " Oh, Miss Anne, I think you had better go down, if it is only for a minuto; your pa did seem so angry when I told him what you said And he mado answer-fGo back to Miss Wreford, and tell her I am not inclined to submit to any folly ; I command her to come down into the dining-room instantly ; if she loiters, I shall go to her. I wish to speak with her on important business.' Them's his very words, Miss Anne, dear, and oh, I haven't seen him look so stern-like since before the pre cious missus died ! I'd go down if I was you. I would, indeed, MÍBS Anne. Ah, we servants have, seen what was coming this long while." Anne hesitated a moment, and then said, " Go down, Jane, and toU your master that I am coming in a few minutes." She lighted tho gas, and looked at herself in tho glass. Must she go down with that swollen face, which scarcely looked like hers, and in that rum pled dress, which there was no time to change ? " It does not matter," she said to herself, as she hastily smoothed her hair, after plunging her head into cold water. "There," she resumed, "that seems to revive me a little; I should think drun ken people, after a debauch, feel pretty much as I do now-sick and weak and stupid. But oh ! not half so miserable. What a wretch I look." Then,shaking out her creased and crumpled skirts, « sho went totteringly downstairs. Her father was in the dining-room, reading an evening paper as coolly as if nothing at all was the matter. He did not hear herunter, and was only aware of her presence when she was close to him. Then he turned and saw her, and started as if a spectre had met his view. " In Heaven's name, what havo you done to yourself ?" he cried, excitedly, for tho moment really shocked at poor Anne's ghastly countenance and wholly forlorn aspect. " I 'have a throbbing headache-" she was beginning, when he stopped her. " Yes, of course you have ! women have always a headache when they want to beat a retreat. But that won't do, Anne. I must know what it all means. Laura Gresley told me something, but I couldn't believe it-it was too monstrous. She must have exaggerated, or been mistaken. My daughter could never behave so shamefully. Why don't you speak ?" "What can I say?" " Was what Laura told us tho truth ?" " I do not know what Laura said-" " Anne, be warned ! don't infuriate mo; I may forget myself. I nover struck you in your lifo; but you may provoke me beyond endurance." "Laura could scarcely exaggerate what I said, and she could not well mistake. I spoke plainly." " Plainly enough. She declares that you raved . at tho idea of my approaching marriage, and vowed wild hoi ses should not drag you to the church on our wedding-day." " I did say so, and I say it again. Father, I can't see my mother's husband married to another woman !" " Your mother's husband, child ! What non sense ! You must be wild. Death dissolves any marriage ; a widower is no longer a husband ; he is as free to take a wife as in the days of his youth." "I know that. But oh, father! I never thought you would so soon forget my mother. I thought you might marry again some day, for men are not faithful as women are; but so soon!-so very soon, before the flowers we planted on her grave are well rooted. Eather, you can't .expect me to like it." " Well, perhaps not, at first," said Robert, a little softened ; " but you are a girl of sense, and will learn to accommodate yourself to circum stances. You must feel that you are too young to keep my house-far too young to preside at my table. It will .ibo for your advntage, my dear; indeed, it is very much on your account; that I am anxious to lose no time in tsecuruig to you so valu able a friend and counsellor. Mrs. Russell loves you very dearly, Anno j it was quito touching to hear her speak of you and plead for you when I showed my just displeasure at Laura's statement. You will reap nothing but benefit by this mar riage ; you ought to rejoice that I have won so lovely and admirable a creature-a woman who would adorn a diadem, a woman whom a prince might well be proud to marry ! I am proud to know she & mine j and, Anne^Ilove her more than words can tell! I did nob guess it was in me to love any woman as I love her. Therefore, for my sake, treat her as a daughter should, and give her that welcome she has a right to expect from you. Don't answer me to night ; go to bed and sleep your headache away. To-morrow wo will talk over various mattera that must be settled. Good night, my dear j be a good girl. Remember t Maud Russell and I are henceforth one, and you cannot pain and insult her without doubly pain ing and insulting me. Good-night." Ho would have kissed her, but Anne drew back. She could not make up her mind to touch the hps that had been so lately pressed to Maud Russell's. TO BB CONTINUED.] 