Vixen By MISS BRADDON, Authoress of "Atjuoba. Floyd," ice., etc Chapter X. " IT SHALL BE ME ASBESTOS MEASURE " ji The night of the ball came, and, in spite of her aversion for Captain Winstanley and general dislike, of the whole thing, Violet Tempest began the evening by enjoying herself. She was young and energetic, and had an immense reserve of animal spirits after her two years of sadness and mourning She danced with the partners her friends brought her some of the most eligible men in the room-and was full of life and gaiety ; yet the festival seemed to her in some- wise horrible all the time. '""If Papa could know that we are dancing -and smiling at each other, as if all life was made up of gladness, when he is lying in his cold grave !" thought Vixen, after joining hands with her mother in the ladies' chain. A The widow looked as if she had never known a care. She was conscious that Worth's chef-de Feuvre was not thrown away. She saw herself in the great mirrors which once reflected George and his lovely Fitzherbert in their days of glad- ness which reflected the same George later, old, and sick, and weary. " That French grande dame was fight," thought Mrs. Tempest, " who said, he nor eat si flattant pour les blondes." ' Black was flattering for Vixen's ruddy hair 'also. Though her indifferent eye rarely glanced at the mirrored walls, she had never looked lovelier A tall graceful figure, in billowy black tulle, wreathed with white chrysanthemums ; a queenlike head, ' with a red-gold coronal ; a thread-like an ivory pillar, spanned with a broad black ribbon, fastened with a diamond clasp ; diamond stars in her ears, and a narrow belt of diamonds round each white arm. " How many waltzes have you kept for me ?" Captain Winstanley asked presently, coming up to Vixen. "I have not kept waltzes for anyone," she answered indifferently. " But surely you were under a promise to keep some for me I asked you a week ago." f' Did you ? I am sure I never promised anything of the kind." *' Here is only one little shabby waltz left," said the captain, looking at her programme. " May I put my name down for that ?" "If you like," answered Vixen indifferently and then, with the faintest suspicion of malice, added, "as mamma does not dance round dances." She was standing up for the Lancers presently, and her partner had just led her to her mother and Captain Winstanley again for her vis-a-vis. She grew suddenly pale and turned away. " Will you let me sit this out ?" she said. " I feel awfully ill. Her partner was full of concern, and earned feet off at once to a cooler room. I Xk is too bad !" she muttered to herself. as Tie Lan ~ors To SS romping round with a lot of wild yownBTn,e° and women. It is as bad as the Queen in home; , , ", This was the last race before supper. She went in presently with her attentive partner, who had kept by her side devotedly Rhue the lively scramble to good old English Ines was going on in the dancing-room. " Are you better ?" he asked tenderly, fanMiig her with her big black fan, painted with pale gray cupids and white Chrysanthemums, " The room is abominably hot." " Thanks. I'm quite well now. It was only a momentary faintness. But I rather hate the Lancers, don't you ?" " Well, I don't know. I think sometimes, you know, with a nice partner, they're good fun. Only one can't help treading on the ladies' trains, and they wind themselves round one's legs like snakes. I've seen fellows come awful cropper, and the lady who has done it looks so sweetly unconcerned. But if one bears a lace flounce, you know, they look daggers. It's something too dreadful to feel oneself walking into honiton at ten guineas a yard, and the more one tries to extricate oneself the more harm one does." Vixen's supper was the merest pretence. Her mother sat opposite her, with Captain Winstanley still in attendance. Vixen gave them one look, and then sat like an image of scorn. Her partner could not get a word from her, and when he offered her the fringed end of a cracker bonbon, she positively refused to have anything to do with it. "Please don't," she said. "It's too inane. I couldn't possibly pretend to be interested in the motto." When she went back to the ball-room Captain Winstanley followed her and claimed his waltz. The band was just striking up the latest love-sick German melody, "West von der!" as train of drawling tenderness. .'!Tüu had better go and secure your Slipper," said Vixen, coldly. "I despise all hall suppers. Terms one most particularly, if it were to deprive me of my waltz." Vixen shrugged her shoulders, and submitted n- ya those few Pulmonary steps which are his tile strong swimmer's shiverings on the bank ere he plunges in the stream. And then she was at is round to the legato strains, "West you mr West von der We ist mein Leben's Lost -A cat you far-west von der !" \ Captain Winstanley's waltzing was simply pe tection. It was not the Liverpool Lurch, or the í¿0r(ÍÜSh Scramble ; the Bermondsey Bounce, or the Whitechapel Woggle ; it was waltzing pure and simple, unaffected, graceful ; the waltz- ing of a man with a musical ear, and an athlete's mastery of the art of motion. Vixen hated the captain but she enjoyed the waltz. They danced at the last bar died away in a tender diminuendo. and 21 look pale'" said the captain ; " let us go wrl" garden-" He brought her cloak and TrÄT,.1* roUnd here and he took his offered arm without a word. It was one of those rare cob? a late October, when the wind is not Hw. u. -Sere Wal hardly the flutter of a leaf in the 28th garden- The neighboring Bea made innings vfl musical melancholy ebb and flow of S a- ^e murmuring of some great in prisoned spirit. ha¡SiñTsllÍ0Í Publishing "Vixen" in Queensland "M been purchased by the proprietors of the SaN. In the searching light of day, when its adjacent cab-stand and commonnesses are visible, and its gravelled walks are peopled with nursemaids and small children, the Pavilion garden can hardly be called romantic. But by this tender moon- light, in this cool stillness of a placid autumn midnight, even the Pavilion had its air of romance and mystery. The various roofs and chimneys stood up against the sky, picturesque as a city of old time. And, after all, this part of Brighton has a peculiar charm which all the rest of Brighton lacks. It speaks of the past, it tells its story of the dead. They were not great or heroic, perhaps, those departed figures, whose ghosts haunt us in the red and yellow rooms, and in the stiff town garden ; but they had their histories. They lived, and loved, and suffered and being dead so long, come back to us in the softened light of vanished days, and take hold of our fancy with quaint garments and antique head-gear, their powder, and court swords, and diamond shoe buckles, and little loves and little sorrows. Vixen walked slowly along the shining gravel path, with her black and gold mantle folded round her, looking altogether statuesque and un- approachable. They took one turn in absolute silence, and then Captain Winstanley, who was not inclined to beat about the bush when he had something particular to Bay, and a good opportunity for saying it, broke the spell. This was perhaps the first time, in an acquaintance of more than six months, that he had ever found himself alone with Violet Tempest, without hazard of immediate interruption. Miss Tempest," he began, with a firmness of tone that startled her, " I want to know why you are so unkind to me ?" < < ''I hardly know what you mean by unkind ness. I hope I never said anything uncivil J" " No ; but you have let me see very plainly that you dislike me." " I am Bony nature has given me all unpleasantly candid disposition Those keen gray eyes of the captain's Were watching her intently. An angry look shot at her from under the straight dark brows swift as an arrow. > " You admit then that you do not like me ?" he said. Vixen paused before replying. The position was embarrassing. " I suppose if I were ladylike and proper I should protest that I like you immensely that there is no one in the world, my mother excepted, whom I like better. But I never was particularly proper or polite, Captain Winstanley, and I must confess that there are very few people I do like, and-" | "And I am not one of them," said the captain. " You have finished my sentence for me." "That is hard upon me-no, Violet, you can never know how hard. Why should you dislike me ? You are the first woman who ever told me so" (flushing with an indignant recollec- tion of all his victories). " I have done nothing to offend you. I have not been obtrusive. I have worshipped you at a distance but the Persians homage of the sun is not more reverent " Oh, pray don't talk about the Persians and the sun," cried Violet. "I am not worthy that you should be be concerned about my likes and dislikes, Please think of me as an untaught inexperienced girl Two years > ago It was a spoiled child. You don't know how my dearest father spoiled!me. It is no wonder I am rude. Remember this, and forgive me if I am too truthful." '' You are all that is lovely,'' he exclaimed passionately, stung by her scorn and fired by her beauty, almost beside himself as they stood there in the magical moonlight-for once in his life forgetting to calculate every move on life's chess- board beforehand. > " You are too lovely for me From the very first, in Switzerland, when I was so happy-no, I will not tell you. I will lay down my heart to be trampled under your feet." "Don't," cried Vixen, trauBfixiug him with the angry fire Of her eyes, " for I'm afraid I should trample on it. I am not one of those gentle creatures who go out of their way to avoid treading on worms-or other reptiles." " You are as cruel as you are lovely," he said, "and your cruelty is sweeter than another woman's kindness. Violet, I laugh at your dis- like. Yes, such aversion as that is often the beginning of closest liking. I will not be disheartened. I will not be put off by your scornful candor. What if I were to tell you that you are the only woman I ever loved ?" "Pray do not. It would transform passive dislike into active hatred. I should be sorry for that, because," looking at him deliberately, with a Blow scorn, I think mamma likes you." "She has honored me with her confidence, and I hope I shall not prove unworthy of the trust. I rarely fail to repay any benefit that is bestowed upon me." " October nights are treacherous," said Vixen, drawing her cloak closer round her. " I think we had better go back to the ball-room." She was shivering a little with agitated feeling, in spite of that mantle of scorn in which she had wrapped herself. This was the first man who had ever called her lovely, who had ever talked to her of love with manhood's strong passion. The captain gave her his arm, and they went back to the light and heat of the yellow dragons and scarlet griffins. Another Lancer scramble was in full progress, to the old-fashioned jigging tunes, but Mrs. Tempest was sitting among the matrons in a corner by an open window. " Are we ever going home any more, mamma?" enquired Vixen. " My dear Violet, I have been waiting for you ever so long." " Why should you leave so early" exclaimed Captain Winstanley. "There are half-a-dozen more dances and you are engaged for them all, I believe, Miss Tempest." "Then I will show mercy to my partners by going away," said Violet. " Are all balls as long is this We seem to have been here ages ? I expect to find my hair gray to-morrow morning." "I really think we had better go," said Mrs. Tempest, In her undecided way She was a person who never quite made up her mind about anything, but balanced every question gently, letting Somebody else turn the scale for her-her maid, her governess, her daughter ; she was always trying to have her own way, but never quite knew what her own way was, and just managed things skilfully enough to prevent other people having theirs. " If you are determined, I will see you to your carriage, and then the ball is over for me," said the captain gallantly. He offered Mrs. Tempest his arm, and they went out into the vestibule, where the captain left them for a few minutes while he went into the porch to hasten the arrival of the carriage. "Where were you and Captain Winstanley all that time, Violet ?" asked Mrs. Tempest. " In the garden." " How imprudent !" " Indeed, dear mamma, it wasn't cold." " But you were out there so long. What could you find to talk about all that time ?" " We were not talking all the time, only enjoying the cool air and the moonlight." " Mrs, Tempest's carriage 1" roared one of the door-keepers, as if it had been his doing that the carriage had appeared be quickly. Captain Winstanley was ready to hand them to their brougham. " Come and take a cup of tea to-morrow afternoon, and let us talk over the ball," said the widow. " With infinite pleasure." " Shall 4ft drop you at your house ?" " A thousand thanks-no-my lodgings are so close, I'll walk home." He went back for his overcoat, and then walked slowly away, without another glance at the crowded ball-room, or the corridors where ladies who were waiting for their carcases were contriving to improve the time by a good is. of quiet, or noisy, flirtation. His lodgings were, v.? the Old Steine, close by. But he did not go home immediately. There are times in a man's life when four walls are too small to hold the bigness of his thoughts. Captain Winstanley paced the Marine Parade for half-an-hour or so before he went home. " Va pour la mare, he said to himself, at the close of that half-hour's meditations ; " she is really very nice, and the position altogether advantageous, perhaps as much as one has the right to expect in the general decadence of things. But, good heavens, how lovely that girl is ! She is the first woman who ever looked me in the face and told me she disliked me ; the first woman who ever gave me contemptuous looks and scornful words. And yet for that very reason perhaps In" The dark brows contracted over the keen eyes, which seemed closer than usual to the hawk nose. " Look to yourself, my queen, in the time to come," he said, as he turned his back on the silvery sea and moonlight Sky. You have been hard to me and I will be hard to you. It shall be measure for measure." CHAPTER XI. "I HAVE NO WRONG WHERE I CAN CLAIM No Riant." Going home again. That was hard to bear. It reopened all the old wounds. Violet Tempest felt as if her heart must really break, as if this now grief were sharper than the old one, when the carriage drove in through the familiar gates, in the December dusk, and along the winding shrubberies road, and up to the Tudor porch, where the tion of the Tempests stood, passant regardant, with lifted paw and backward gaze, above the stone shield. The ruddy fu slight was shining across the wide doorway. The old , hearth looked as cheerful as of old. And there stood the empty chair beside it. That had been Vixen'B particular wish. " Let nothing be disturbed, dear mamma,'' she had said ever so many times, when her mother was writing her orders to the housekeeper. " Beg them to keep everything just as it was in papa's time." I " My dear, it will only make you grieve more." " Yes ; but I had rather grieve for him-than forget him. I am more afraid of forgetting him than of grieving too much for him," said Vixen. And now, as she stood on the hearth after her journey, wrapped in black furs, a little black fur toque crowning her ruddy gold hair, fancy filled the empty chair as she gazed at it. Yes, she could see her father sitting there in his hunting clothes, his whip across his knees. The old pointer, the squire's favorite, came whining to her feet. How old he looked ! Old, and broken, and infirm, as if from much sorrow. Poor Nip ! poor Nip !" she said, patting him. " The joy of your life went with papa, didn't it ?" " It's all very sad," murmured Mrs. Tempest, loosing her wraps. " A 'Bad, sad, home-coming, And H sêêuH Only yesterday that I came 5 as a bride. Did I ever tell you about my travel- ling dress, Violet? It was a shot-Bilk-they were fashionable then, you know bronze and blue-the loveliest colors !" " I can't imagine a shot-silk being anything but detestable," said Vixen curtly. " Poor Nip ! How faithful dogs are ! The dear thing is actually crying !" Tears were indeed running from the poor old eyes, as the pointers head lay in Vixen's lap, as if memory, kindled by her image, brought back the past too keenly for that honest canine heart. " It is very mournful," said Mrs. Tempest. " Pauline, let us have a cup of tea." She sank into an armchair opposite the fire. Not the squire's old carved oak chair, with its tawny leather cushions. That must needs be sacred evermore a memento of the dead, standing beside the hearth. " I wonder if anyone is alive that we knew here," said Vixen, lying back in her low chair, and idly caressing the dog. " My dear Violet, why should people be dead ? We have only been away two years." "jNo ; but it seems so long. I hardly expect to see any of the old faces. He is not here," with a sudden choking sob. 7, Why should all be left-except him ?" "The workings of Providence are full of mystery," sighed the widow. " Dear Edward How handsome he looked that day he brought me home. And he was a noble looking man to the last. Not more than two spoonfuls of pekoe, Pauline. You ought to know how I like it by this time." This to the handmaiden, who was making tea at the gipsy table in front of the fire-the table at which Vixen and horse had drunk tea so merrily on that young man's birthday. After tea they went the round of the house. How familiar, how dear, how strange, how sad all things looked ! The faithful servants had done their duty. Everything was in its place. The last room they entered was the squire's Study. Here were all his favorite books. The "Sporting Magazine" from its commencement, in crimson morocco, Nimrod and the Druid. Assheton Smith's Memoirs, and many others of the same class. Books on farming and farriery, on dogs and guns. Here were the squire's guns and whips, a motley collection, all neatly arranged by his own hands. The servants had done nothing but keep them free from dust. There by the low and cosy fireplace, with its tiled hearth; stood the capacious crimson morocco chair in which the master of the Abbey House had been wont to sit when he held audience with his kenuol-huntsinan, or gamekeeper, his farm bailiff, or stud groom. " Mamma, I should like you to lock the door of this room and keep the key, so that no one may ever come here," said Vixen. " My dear, that is just the way to prolong your grief ; but I will do it if you like." "Do, dear mamma. Or, if you will let me keep the key, I will come in and dust the room every day. It would be a pleasure for me, a mournful one, perhaps, but still a pleasure." Mrs. Tempest made no objection, and when they left the room Vixen locked the door and put the key in her pocket. It was close to Christmas. The saddest time for such a home-coming, Vixen thought. The gardeners brought in their barrows of holly, and fir, and laurel ; but Vixen would take no part in the decoration of hall and corridors, staircase and gallery-she who in former years had been so active in the labor. Tile humble inhabitants of the village rejoiced in the return of the family at the great house, and Vixen was pleased to see the kind faces again, the old men and women; the rosy-cheeked children, and careworn mothers. She had a friendly word for everyone, And gifts for all. Home was sweet to her after her two years' absence, despite the cloud of sadness that overhung all things. She went out to the stables and made friends with the old horses, most of which had been out at grass, and had enjoyed a paradise of rest for the last two years. Slug and Crawler, Mrs. Tempest's carriage horses, sleek even-minded bays, had been at Brighton, and he had Vixen's beautiful thoroughbred, Arion, and a handsome brown for the groom ; but all the rent had stayed in Hampshire. Not one had been sold, though the stud had been a wasteful and useless one for a widow and her daughter, There was Bullfinch, the hunter Squire Tempest bank ridden in his last hour of life. Violet went into L'iB box and caressed him and fed him and cried o\ 'er who with bitterest tears. This home con,;.,., b -ought back the old sorrow with over whelming fierce- She ran out of the stable to i hMo hold and ran up to her own room, and as she had done in those dark, and when her father's corner was a vine 19 the htmBe- ,' , vliL off the -day Miss M'Croke now to There was no face to interpose herself be fussy and anxious, . , ,,"" '- v , between Violet Tempest a.,,d"lwr. STL J'0'6* was supposed to be finished, or' "VAel T± to know everything under the su- "'T Z \k lady of good birth and ample for ? J T required to know. Everything in this. -r. ,¡ " sisted of a smattering of French, and Gillap and German, a dubious collection of' the main. facts in modern history, a few vain e notions about astronomy, Borne foggy ideas n1r)0a "ie constitution of plants and flowers, seaweed '"is an" Shells, rocks and hills and a general indifferenCE for all literature except poetry and neveR. Miss M Croke, having done her duty consck 'n" tiously after her lights, had now gone to finds. a three other young ladies, the motherless daughters of an Anglo-Indian colonel, over whom she was to exercise maternal authority and guidance, in a tall narrow house in Maida Vale, She had left Mrs. Tempest with all honors, and Violet had lavished gifts upon her at parting, feeling fonder of her governess in the last week of their association than at any other period of hetuterlage. To-day in her sorrow, it was a relief to Violet to find herself free from the futile consolations of friendship. She flung herself into the armchair by the fire, and sobbed out her grief. "Oh, kindest, dearest, best of fathers," She cried " who'' '" home without you !" And ton Sale remembered that awful day of the funeral wish Roderick Vawdrey had sat with her beside this heaf.th>,and had tried to comfort her, and stir had heard his voice as a sound far away, a sound that had no meaning, and produced only a dull stupefying effect upon her mind. That was the last time she had seen him. I don't suppose I thanked him for his pity or his kindness, she thought. "He must have gone away thinking me cold and ungrateful ; but I was like a creature at the bottom of some dark dismal pit. How could I feel thankful to some one looking down at me and talking to me from the free happy world at the top ?" Her sobs ceased gradually, she dried her tears, and that unconscious pleasure in life which is a part of innocent youth came slowly' back. She looked round the room in which so Zouch of her childhood had been spent, a room full of her own fancies and caprices, a room whose pretty ness had been bought with her own money, and was the work of her own hands. In spite of home's BOrrowful association she was glad to find herself at home. Mountains, and lakes, and sunny bays, and dark pathless forests may be ever so good to see, but there is something sweet in our return to the familiar rooms of home ; some pleasure in being shut within four walls surrounded by one's own be longings. The wood-fire burnt merrily, and sparkled on the many-colored pots and pans upon the pan need wall. Outside the deep mullioned windows the winter, blast was blowing, with occasional spurts of flying snow. Argus crept in presently, and stretched himself at full length upon the fleecy white rug. Vixen lay back in her low chair, musing idly in the glow of the fire, and by-and-by the lips which had been con- vulsed with grief parted in a smile, the lovely brown eyes shone with happy memories. She was thinking of her old playfellow and friend, Rorie. " I wonder if he will come to-day, she mused. I think he will. He is sure to be at home for the hunting. Yes, he will come to-day. What will he be like, I wonder ? Handsomer than he was two years ago? No, that could hardly be. He is quite may now. three-and-twenty ; I must not laugh at him any more." The thought of his coming thrilled her with a new joy. She seemed to have been living an artificial life in the two years of her absence, to have been changed in her very self by change of surroundings. It was almost as if the old Vixen had been sent to an enchanted sleep, while some other young lady, a model of propriety and good manners, went about the world in Vixen shape. Her life had been made up, more or less of trifles and foolishness, with a background of grand scenery, Tepid little friendships with agreeable fellow-travellers an away j 2d little aiteuuduips of the same order in Switzerland ; well-dressed young people smiling at each other, and delighting in each other's company and parting, probably for ever, without a pang. . But now she had come back to the friends, the horses, the dogs, the rooms, the gardens, the fields, the forests, of youth, and was going to be the real Vixen again ; the wild, thoughtless, high- I spirited girl Squire Tempest and all the peasantry round about had loved "I have been ridiculously well-behaved," she said to herself, " quite a second edition of mamma. But now I am back in the forest my good manners may go hang. " My foot's on my native heath, and my name is M Gregor.' " Somehow, in all her thoughts of home-after that burst of grief for her dead father-Rederick Vawdrey was the central figure. He filled the gap cruel death had made. Would Borne soon come to her Would hobo very glad to have her at home again ? What would he think of her Would he fancy her changed ? For the worse ? For the better ? " I wonder whether he would like good manners or the original Vixen best?" she speculated. The morning wore on, and still Violet Tempest sat idly by the fire. She had made up her mind that Roderick would come to see her at once. She was sufficiently aware of her own importance to feel sure that the fact of her return had been duly chronicled in the local papers. He would come to-day before luncheon, perhaps, and they three, mamma, Borne, and herself, would sit at the round table in the library the snug warm room where they had so often sat with papa. This thought brought back the bitterness of her loss " I can bear it better if Norie is with us," she thought, " and he is almost sure to come. He would not be so unkind as to delay bidding welcome to such poor lonely creatures as mamma and I. She looked at her little watch, a miniature hunter in a case of black enamel, with a monogram in diamonds, one of her father's last gifts. It was 1 o'clock already, and luncheon would be at half-past. " Only half-an-hour for Ilorie," she thought. The minute-hand crept slowly to the half-hour, the luncheon gong sounded below, and there had been no announcement of Mr. Vawdrey. " He may be downstairs with mamma all this time," thought Vixen. " Forbes would not tell me, unless he were Bent." She went downstairs, and not Forbes in the hall. " Oh, if you please, ma'am, Mrs. Tempest does not feel equal to coming down to luncheon. She will take a wing of chicken in her own room. "And I don't feel equal to sitting in the library alone, Forbes," said Violet ; " so you may tell Phcsbo to bring me a cup of tea and a biscuit. Has nobody called this morning ?" " No, ma'am." Vixen went back to her room, out of spirits and out of temper. It was unkind of Rorie, cold, neglectful, heartless. "If he had come home after an absence of two years absence under such sad circumstances how anxious I should be to see him," she thought, " But I daresay it is a hunting day, and he is tearing across the gorge on some big raw-boned horse, and not giving me a thought. Or perhaps he is dancing attendance upon Lady Mabel. But, no, I don't think he cares much for that kind of thing." She moved about the room a little, rearranging things that were already arranged exactly as she had left them two years ago. She opened a book and flung it aside, tried the piano, which sounded muffled and woolly. " My poor Broadwood is no better for being out at Grass," she said. She went to one of the windows and stood there looking out, expecting every instant to see a dogcart with a rakish horse, a wasp-like body, and high red wheels, spin round the curve of the shrubbery. She stood thus for a, long time, as she had done on that won October afternoon of York's home-coming, but no rakish horse came swinging round the curve of the carriage-drive. The flying snow drifted past the window, the winter sky looked blue and clear between the brief showers, the tall feathery fir trees and straight slim cypresses stood up against the afternoon light, and Vixen gazed at them with angry eyes, full of resentment against Roderick Vaw dry. " The ground is too hard for the scent to lie well, that's one comfort, she reflected savagely. And then she thought of the dear old kennels given over to a new master ; the hounds whose names and idiosyncrasies she had known as well as if they had been human acquaintance. She had lost all interest in them now. Ponto and Gellert, Lightfoot, Juno, Ringlet, Lord Dundreary they had forgotten her no doubt. Here was one at last, but not the one for whom she was watching. A figure clothed in a long loose black coat and slouched felt hat, and carrying a weedy umbrella, trudged sturdily round the curve, and came briskly towards the porch. It was Mr. Scobell, the incumbent of the pretty little gothic church in the village-a church like a toy. He was a good man and a benevolent, this Mr. Scobel ; a hard worker, and a blessing in the neighborhood. But just at this time Violet Tempest did not feel grateful to him for coming. . " What does he want ?" she thought. Blankets and coals and things, I suppose." She turned sullenly from the window, and went back to her seat beside the fire, and threw on a log, and gave herself up to disappointment. The blue winter Sky had changed to gray ; the f. -ht was fading behind the feathery fir-tops. j fe" Perhaps he will come to afternoon tea, she i ., ht and then, with a discontented shrug though boulders : " No, he is not coming at all ii of b 'cut about as he would have been the If he can UB welcome . knowing, as he must,! first to ww. , y¡ was for me to come home at all how miserable, ¡.> ' without papa at the fire. She sat looking y Bha missed and poor, ' How idle I am ^ me to go on with my Crookey did so implore useful books to enlarge education, and read some . my poor little mind my mind. I don't think n.. or that I should would bear any more stretching, about Central be much happier if I knew all k ''industry to Africa, and the nearest way from But '""ry, and China, or old red sandstone, and tendered me the rest of them. What does it matter a. T'y that the earth is made of, if I can be but hard, upon it 1 No, I shall never try to be found, . i I shall read Byron, and Tennyson, and 'Azores worth, and Keats, and Bulwer, and Dickens, and Thackeray, and remain an ignoramus all Q days of my life. I think that would be of use enough for Rorie, if he and I were ever to be much together for I don't believe he everyone is, a book at all. And what would be the use of my talking to him about old red sandstone of the centres Africa?" Phoebe, Miss Tempest's fresh-faced Hampshire maid, appeared at this moment. " Oh, if you please, miss your ma says would you go to the drawing-room ? Mr. Scobell is with her, and would like to see you." Violet rose with a sigh. " Is my hair awfully untidy, Phoebe ?" " I think I had better arrange the plants, miss." " That means that I'm an object. It's a o'clock, I may as well change my dress for dinner. I suppose I must go down to dinner." for, yes, miss ; it will never do to shut yourself up in your own room and fret. You're as pale as them their Oin istmos roses already." Ten minutes later Vixen went down to the drawing-room, looking very stately in her black Irish poplin, whose heavy folds became the tall full figure, and whose dense blackness set off the ivory skin and warm auburn hair. She had given just one passing glance at herself in the che.d glass, and Vanity hail whispered : " Perhaps Storie would have thought me improved ; but he has not taken the trouble to come and act. I might be honey-combed by the small-pox, or bald from the effect of typhus, for aught he cares." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 