CHARITY SUNDAY. The annual Oharfty Esnday collections in aid of the Bailarat Hospital. Benevolent Aeylnm, Orphan ABylum, and Ladles' Benevolent Clothing Society were made yesterday in the several churches around the district, the worthy object in view and the glorious spring weather, having tbe effect of drawing large congregations to the several places of worship. Tbe collections from the Roman Qatholic churches are sot included in the total mentioned below, arrangements haricg bees made for a general collection in thoce places of worship on theSth November. Thereoeipts so far are satisfactory, as it>B anticipated that the gland total will fully equal that of previous years. The following ii a short epitome of tbe sermons preached, together with the amount of collections at the ohurches named, but several sums are yet to be adds'.:- & LL EAIKTS' OBCBCB. The Bev. Oolin Campbell officiated at this place of worsliip. In the morning, he took for his text Uatihe v iv, 23—* And Jesns went about all Galilee, teaching in their *ynagogues, and heslit-g all manner ol diseases among tbo people." The lev. gentleman dwelt upon the remarkable union of the cure of souls and ths cure of bodies, in the pra-tioe of Ohrist as our great example—seeking to restore man from the ^ower cf all evil. We were thus taught to make our charity part of our common Christianity—which was the source from which our numerous charitable Institutions have been formed and fed. if the presence of suffering and sickness was the law of tbe world, God, in bis providence, was giving us a fieldof trial for the exeroise of faith, hope, and lore, that we may fellow our Saviour's example. The love of Christ, whioh pa with this, like ths leaves of the tree of life for the healing of the nations, there fell around a host of sympathies which dil verily heal (he wounds of our suffering humanity, and, in tbe very act, react with blessing on ourselves. In the parish of All Saints' Ihsy won not wealthy, but they might be rich in good works The light of ths gospel was a rich ,Inheritance, and godliness with contentment was grektgain. Ii, then, we awoke to a full sense of the inestimable gift of God fn the redemption of the world by oar Lord Jesus Ohrist, and If we felt that our oup was indeed overflowing with mercies, then that overflow would not fall to reach those members of the family of Ohrist who are the objects of our heaven-born charities. The Bsv. Oolin Campbell took for bis text in tbe evening Deuteronomy uiv, 13-22. There were large ooDgregatlons at each service, but ths collections were sot oomplete last evening. BAPTIST CIHJKCH. • The services were condcoted by the Be7. W. Clark, who preached in the morning trom Ma'.thew xi,30, •' My yoke is easy, and my burden light," At tbe conclusion the preacher pleaded earnestly for the ctnse of the varionB asylums. In the evening Mr Clark preached from the subject of the rich man, Lake, xii,2L The collections for the day amounted to £L5 13s 41, or £3 101 more than last year. BABKLT STBBET WESLEYAN CEGBCH. The Bev. William A. Quick preaohsd on the text (ilai, xxii., 37,89), "And the second is like unto ft —Thou Shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." The preacher, in introdatiog bis sabjact, spoke of the gnat nine of the former dispensation. £n tbe said ii was Jesus who brought together these great commands, and gave them prominence at a time whan they had wall nigh been foxgotton. it was He who, revealing God, made it more possible to love film, and whe, putting dignity on human nature, made it more passiWe iorui to Ion another, tie proceeded to show that he was our neighbor who came within the reach. ol our personal influence, irrespective of cation, of religion, of oharaoier, of his treatment of .ns. Tbe preacher remarked that with every bard ti..v.t..>««hu feeling indulged we part with so mnch cf our Christianity; and as the indulgence becomes habitual we piguise ourselves. If men oast out trar names as evil, if they abuse our religion, they are yet oar neighbors. Did Jesns withhold kind offices from sncb? Was his kindness tbora only to the good and gentle? Whom dll lie redeem? To whom was hie salvation to be first prsa-hed? In dealing with the . eaand part ef Us subject, the preacher shonei that self-love is an affection eeosgnised and regulated by. the Bible. It differs frem eelfishnes—It does not stand apart and alone. Selfishness out to be killed pat out of sight. Self- love has Its uses, though it often degenerates into self-hatred. The text enjoins a religions love. Beljgion must refine and irradiate •U morality. Lore to oar neighbor must arise ent of icve to God. He commends even the unlovely his own love, and then presents them to t" 5 to be loved. They and ws have a nature 10 common, and common relations to God. The preacher did not think it was meant we were to pat every man on a perfect equality with ocrselves: although he considered there might be exceptional circumstances demanding very great sacrifices for m neighbor Ee Illustrated his subj.ct by reference to the parable of the good Samaritan, who rescued and saved the man that had fallen among thieves, He bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him upon his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him." &c; This parable showed Lord's idea of loving our neighbor as ourselves. In the third part of his discourse the preacher dwelt on relieving the wants of others: He did not approve of encouraging the louts and cadgers who came to our doors with bloated and battered faces, The less given to such men the more might be spared for the truly destitute, for the poor whom God has made poor, and the diseased, whom God has afflicted Such must not be allowed to pine away a miserable existence in want He thought, too, that no advantage should be taken of a man's sickness for pressing our denominationalism upon him—a mean course of conduct—but that we did not love him as ourselves if we did not tell him of Jesus, who "came to seek and to save that which was lost There were other good points insisted upon by the preacher. . We were to construe charitably our neighbor's acts, to defend his interests, to treat him courteously, to help him on In life. The whoie sermon was well suited to the occasion, and likely to serve the charities for which it pleaded. "theevening the Bev. D. Gileenan preached from, wei text, t.uke.HL,ffi, "fearnot, little flock; your f^ff pleasure to rfra'ttm the king- IheodtocfciWarmSsad. BIBLE CHEISTIAK QHDBCHU. bv M.^f 1 ™* s&ret; ^ morning fennoa ™ SJ^Taiorcom.and in the eveninpiy the Bev. 7. itTf, £rom tte QenwU ivr,V At' bkiptan the sermon in the morning was by Bar. T.J. text Galatians viTpit lOth verse, "As Sri I 1 !®" 1 *'™ opportunity, let ns do good onto Ths Mints armkm, fcTwere—1. There are S. 111 which Ohrist may be S,ev^r?^i ftBrent « preaching Christ j and, .^^Chrislbnuto bj apJLjheTtf ChrisL JU UtaSL'JEi.** F atorhoI «MrH- W e jH&iated;, •"w.j.Teigw. m o ^ S f ' S y a t o S a 1 The IUF 10s lOd; tvewng, £u CATHEBRAI.. oi-tead, £31 4s placS rf WOMW?: S eert ®'^ted « t tte above bttikJs I ^ M 1 ^ 8 00^ooUoD from the former rwL " 1114 from tbe latter £2 15s 8d. 1 HUKCH< ElBBEt thnmr,^- Kt^* lkor t™ cw " both services. In tte morning his text was taken frem Matt, xiv., 14, aria tI J^LS 6^ ? orth BDd ^ » great mnltiinde Ee hIlX 0 K V f ^ «>®P»8rf<«i toward .them, and rtLI^V^, 6 !^ A,ter "PM^ngof the c£cnn> " ¥ 10 aoBS tb9 lake, ^03Brt ,' 0,6 Preacher spoke of the pasdonti Christ, and the forms in which that oompasrion was manifested. In conclusion, te said that <-hlrM " d ? s5 « a ed to be the representative of J- hrfet in. all works of beneficenoe and healing. In the evening ho took for his text Mark xiv., 8 'She ^ath done what she could," fie. Mr Walker spoke of tne narrative as given, with some differences ofdetail, by three of the Evangelists; then of Mary s act as one ot passionate and consecrated love to Christ: as an act that was prophetic In its charaeier, and was one that received commendation from Christ, aad proved an immortal memorial to Mary. The preacher said that the subject taught tnat it was better to lavish our ministry of love on the living than to have to bewail neglected opsortunities In relatios to ths dBad. That the knowledge of Christ brought with it the obligation of personal service ; that this service, whatever form it might aesume, should be proportioned to ability and opportunity; and that to make any service really acceptable to God it should be rendered from love to the Lord Jesns Christ At both services Mr Walker pleaded very earnestly for the charities of Bailarat. The collections amounted to £8 Is 8i; (Sunday school, £2. Total, £11 Is Sd. LISCIPLES OP CHBIST, DAWSON ETHEET. The officiating preaoher took for his text," Win a man rob God?'—Matthew iiL. 8. The commandment to lerael of old to give a tenth, &a;, was referred to, the neglect of whioh God declares is robbing Mim Also tbe. parallel-passage in the Mew Testament. " Inasmuch aB ye aid not unto one of the least of these my brethren,-ye did it not-nnto me." Ko law was laid down as to what tbe Christian ehqnld givo, but these things were for our examples. 'I fie Christian was a steward, and as ench should be faithful. And ths man who got rieh by defrauding God in tithes and offerings would find ths needle"* eye too email for the camel to get through into Heaven ColledfjD, £2 EBENEZER CHURCH, ARMSTRONG STREET. The Rev. John Thomson, at morning servics, had fur his text, John viii and 12—*' The poor ye have always with you." This congregation iooktbecbarity collection at tbe door, and their usnal collection is tLe church. This latter was sot dimirished, although the charity collection was, for their means, liberal; and the minister requested the oosgregaiioc to give rather to the charities if unable to give to both. The colloctiots were—From the church, £3 7s Sabbath school, 13s 2d—total, £6 Os fid HOLT Taixrrr C'HCHCH, SEBASTOFOL The Venerable Archdeacon Potter preached in the afternoon from St Matthew, fx, 2. Collections Sunday school, 63 2H; church, £1153"lld. Total, £2 Is Hi. JEWISH SYKAGOGCB. At the Jewish Synagogue, the Itev. I. M. Goldreich preached Irom the last verse of Fealms ix, •' Pot them in fear, O i-ltrnal, that ths nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah." Alter reviewing the whole usalm la oonnectiun with the o&e; immediately following, shewing from their close intimacy that the two formed originally but one psalm, and giving reasons why, in cempilicg, ths camo was divided into two, Mr Goldreich went on to say that it was with great reluctance be alluded to the fact that frcQi non- Jewish pulpits charity and benevolence, as well as every other ennobling virtue, was usually claimed to be exclusively Ohristian. As was seen from recent correspondence in tbe Argus, even the large-hearted and liberal-minded i isfcop of Melbourne indulged in similar language, and inlerentially denying these virtues to every non-Christian. New, wilhont dealing to enter into an investigation as to whether Jew or Christian has the jaster title to such a claim, it was' GnfEcient to fcnow that the Jewish dispensation had long preceded that of ths Christian, and that no moral or ptual can be found in the former which has not been frequently repeated in the former, which former all Christians agree to have been the bads of the latter. He (the rabbi) wanted to point out that Judaism, as taught in Jewish pulpits, from the Jewish Bible, and from the Jewish sages of the Talmud, did not admit of snch narrow-minded vjewe as to arrogate to itself everything that was noble and virtuous; that, to the contrary, the Bible and the Talmud ahcucded with incontestable illustrations that virtue, as well as vice, was the common lot of the human raoe, and that mac, being a free ageLt, could choose and praolise at ileesnre; that the virtuous—noqaestion of creed—will iave * gliareioi be reward of futurity. M> QoMrelchthen qaoted Domerons passages from Scripture and the Talmud in proof of his argument, showing moreover that the cages frequently uphold for admiration the righteous and virtuous acts of heathens (when Christianity bad as yet been unknown), and, therefore, as examples to be copied by tbo Jews. But not alone was it the doctrine of Scripture and the Talmud which the Jewish rabbi preached from his pulpit, bnt it was likewise the doctrine which Jewish loaders and JewUh publio men, of all 1 hades of political creed, hud forth from publio platforms. Thus, lot instance, tbe noble Baron de Worms, the distinguished president of the Anglo- Jewish Association, gave his definition of the political terms," Conservative'' and 11 liberal," when recently responding to mioomplimentry vote, moved by a political opponent. SpeaMng on the occasion, as a Jew to Jews, he f aid— " i-take conservativism to mean the maintenance of cur old religion, and our old traditions as intact as when they were handed down to tw by lloses. I take liberalism to mean tbe generous feelings which prompts us as Jews to oonslder all our fellow-men as brethren. This ought to be the -Jewish wisdom and undemanding in the sight of the nations; that Jewish biblical and post-biblical au hority, TelmutHc and poet-Talmndio sages, rabbis from the polpit, and public leaders from the platform, all unite in teaching the noble and humanising lesson that all men are brethren; that " we have all one Father; that one God created us all. Why should we, therefore, deal treacherously — man against his brother." But, alas 1 it ie not so. .The sages of our younger brethr.n from their respective pulpits, or from whatever plaoe whence they speak or write ex cathedra will, by some strange inoonostency, persist in offsndlng the suscsptibilities of non-Christians by claiming every noble and ennobling virtue as being ©xclasively Christian, thereby provoking not alone unfriendly comment, but not infrequently unfriendly side-issues which, it fs to be regretted, tfoes not by any means tend towards the .glorification of God, or to the promotion of godliness. Tbe learned -rabbi oonolndod his able address with an earnest prayer that God would speed the day when, in the language of his test, "nations will know themselves to be but men," and, as znen, all the children erf one Father; none free from his behests to love our neighbor like ourselves, and none' PTolnded from the salvation whioh Is with Him, and with Him alone.' The eloquent ' app-al, whi A pervaded the whole address, on behalf of tbe local charities * resulted in offerings being announced to the amount o! close upon £12, which is exclusive of 13s Sd banded in by Mr M. H. Solomon, oollected from Us pupils -attending the Hebrew school. LTTKBXAX CKCBCH. Pastor Heyer officiated on both occasions, the morn- 7 ing text being Luke, xvi, 10, "He that ie faithful in that which is least, & alco faithful in mach; and be that Is unjust in the least, is nnjajt also in much* The evening text was based npon 2 CorinthianB, ix, S, 7\. Morning collection, £7 7s 7d: evening, £15s Id Tot»!, £8 lis 8i - MACAraktJB SVKBET WESLEYAH CHUECR. Mr Pratt occnplsd the pulpit at morning servioe, and preaohed^irom the text Luke, xvj, 81; and fn the evening Mr Allan officiated, his sermon being founded 00 Habakok, ill, 2, " O, Lord, revive Thy work 11 The collections were £2 4s. SKILL ETBB&T; W«SLEYAK CKcRca. Tbe morning service was conducted by the Bev. D. A. Gilsenas, of East Chariton, Hie text being Bomus 1, IS, "lam not ash anted of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God onto cslv.Hon to everyone that believeih." The preacher, first stated the otjjct cf the epiftls—to build up and strengthen the church at >Bome; to indicate -and demonstrate the beauty of Ohristianity.. 1 The gospel was Paul's great theme —the alpha and omega of all he said and wrote. Tbe Gospel was a glorious revelation of divine graoe by a mediator; a .blessed constitution far man'e delivery fromein and rnin by the death, of Christ It was truly tbe Gospel of God. lor it had Its origin In the Divine mind It ins al-.o called by the gospel of tbe gnoe <2\. God, the gospel of ths kfegdom, an Gtornal kingdom, the glorious gospel and the gospel of peaoe. 2\. A power accompanied this gospel, not the power nunifnsted in the creation of the world, -the stellar uMver8e,Gr of humanity. If or that seen in the storm, the mighty deep, the earthquake, nor that which will be seen in coming mminarton and judgment. : Wbat the gospel ^exerted was a moral power one effecUng the TOlndtad.character af men. Its power was seen in the erecSiHi ot oharltable institutions, they bring peculiar to uhrislaan nations, fcven In BomA and Constantinople, before Christianity was introduced each icstttaadns wereiitterly usksowii. ThisGecpel further effected tbe lives and morels oT the people for good, ana mitigated thehirrorsof warfare. S This gospel was fraught with ^salvation to every believer— a perfect ealvaUon; one comprehending ths whole man, body and soul. 4. Of this gospel St. Paul was net aabamed, was wHUng to go with it anywhere. Hia iriiole life wasa demonstration of this assertion. The preacher concluded anattenrively-littened-todisoome by eaxoestty exhorting bis bearers te remember the seedy and afflicled; lo provp the It-flnenoe of -the Qospd upon them by giving to .the best of thrir ablUtj.and wlth a single eye. to the glory ot God. PLBASLITT TTBEKT WBSI3IAH CaDBCH The preachM in tbe mcirning was Mr Wilson.who tookfor bis text 1 Kings, xfx., 4; and In the Ing ihe' sermon was taken from GaHtlanii, vi., It T& «2ieotIans amduntM to £6 6s A ADUX W '8 KLBJT. Tbi Ber. W. Henderson prracbod eloamnt aiid im- •MNtlwuimiiiiiiii. In tbe mt*ningfrom Proverbs,xiv., SL and in the evening from Matthew, xxv.,40. OollKtion, £10 16s fd; Sunday echool, £»4s Sd-f4otal, OX. JOHXS PSSEBTIKAIAJR CHCSCK. Here the Bar. J. W. Itigiis, tbe mlnistar of Ihe con negation, tondnctedffivlneeervlee both morning and evming. Intbe»orn!ng}iepreaiiliedbanttewords Iriilah m an guilty ol sin against God and their neighbor. He then adverted to the man who 'hath pity Upon the poor, " explaining the nature and outcome of pity— that is a pity which gives, and which! gives in a loving delicate way, reminding his hearers that the relief they ware to render i&iut; be real—not mere empty sentiment—and timely; as real and timely as when Christ said to the helpleas one, Take npthy bed and walk." Alter referring to tbo diffcaltiee conneoted with Individual applications for relief, the preacher reminded them that the claims put forth, in ths appeal about to be made came from duly recognised benevolent organisations, whose operations were before the public eye. Moreover, these claims were made by Him whese gracious promise faileth never, for whoso giveth to the poor " lendetb to the Lord.", The act of pitying kindness done has made the Iord his debtor; and in connection with this, it was very striking to listen to Christ's own account of .the awards of the judgment day as given In the 2oth chapter cf Matthew, which the preacher read. It was very wonderful all this, but no less wonderful than true, for Christ himself .said, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto Me." In illustration of this Mr Inglis then read a touching, poem, entitled "The poor,' Christ's representatives.'' A s the last point in the text, attention was then directed to the promise attached," 'I hat which he hath given will He pay him again,"and various instances as to haw this had been fulfilled were quoted, all proving that where God is the debtor, principal and interest are always repaid; the whole sermon being brought toacloso br a home- coming appeal based on the grounds of human brotherhood and Christian pity and love; for Christ himself, onoe poor in the travel of His own incarnate life, and touched, therefore, with the feeling cf their infirmities, adopts the poor and distresced as His own peculiar care, and commits diem to tbe tender pity and compassion of His Church, that for His sake they may be warmed and fid, and comforted acd blessed. The evsUng text was taken from 1 Corinthians x, 34 "Let no man seek his own, but every man another's wealth,*' or " welfare,' as the preacher read it From these words Mr Inglis sbowed how Ligh is the place held by man in the estimation of His Creator; how tbe principle enunciated tends to elevate man in all •he varied spheres and relationships of lile;: how they _who set themselves in opposition to that principle violate the law .of God, and hinder the true progress of tbe raoe; and how the gospel of Jet us Christ coming to man as man, and insisting not only upon love to God, bnt love to our neighbors also, ie the only source of hope .for the universal welfare of man; thi whole being c.moled-d with an. application of the snbjact to the circumstances of Ihe day, and by an earnest appeal on behalf of the needy ones craving their human sympathy and kindly help. The reacher—who, Ohryso3tom-Iike, was at his best Sesply stirred" the large congregations, and fully roused their sympathies en bshalf of their brethren whose distrefatea were a matter o' spec al appeal to them on that occasion. The collections were as follow ;—Church, £26 13s OJd; central Sabbath school, £2 6s 5d; Couth street do, 17s 6d; monthly eervioa at Bnugaree conducted by Bev. J. W. Inglis, £1 Ss— total, £33 2s. BT. JOHX'S CHCBCH, SOLSXEBS' BILL The morning tervice was conducted by the Bev. B- Johnson Mercer, who preached from Jeremiah, xxxviii, 12, drawing special inetrnctien for die day from £bed-melech's kindness to the prophet Tbe offertory WKB £9 9i In the afternoon a Vfl iwer service" was held, the Bev. Mr Meroer again ofilciating. A."flower"address was given on Song of Salomon, ii, 12 The church was crowded to its utmost capacity, and the offertory yielded £7 18s 3d, contributed by 849 persons. This eervics was in connection with the Sunday School, and on the children visiting ths Hospital to distribute the flowers, they entertained the inmates by rendering selections of sacred music, to the great pleasure of ihe listeners. The £ev. £. Johnson Meroer a]go conducted evening sorvice, and based an address on God's righteousness not to forget the work and labor ot love on Hebrews, yi, 10 The effertory was £6 0s 9d, and the total for dav £23 8s. EX. PAEL'E CITC^CH. There were large congregations at beth services: In ths morning the Bev. EL 8 Badclill preached, his text being taken from SL Luke xvi, IS 1 hi rev. j gentleman delivered a very impressive sermon, setting : orth the claims of the charities, and the duty of Christians to give liberally. At evening cervioethe Bev. W. Eildabl preached from the text St Ma thew ix, 35," Jeses went about all the cities end Yi lages preaching, and healing every disease." The rev. gentlemen in his sermon said mnch of oar Lord's work concerned tbe body. We have general statemenrs as to this faot; also, many special particular narratives. Further, in carrying our minds on to the lest day. He lays clown a text by whioh He will judge our'life, viz, our attention or inattention to the bodily pains nd natural wants of Bis people. In order to adequately represent the work of our Lord, we need two professions, that of the priest and that of physician, ach affording scope for the practice of Christ-like self-denial andlove, and both suited in the person t>f ftnA 11 the " beloved mlmrfd physician," nliniman «Kf 8t Luke. T T.L. Theoneisamand m, . . at the wonders of redeeming love—ths other is ompelled to re-echo the Psalmist's words, "I m fearfully end wonderfully made." The physician s at times tempted to say, "Make Ibe experient on the vile body." We reply, " No human ody is vfle. isr as the Eternal Son of God assumed that body as His dwelling-plaoe for over thirty-thru ears, and then carried it to the place of glory in the Father's Throne; so He left ns a promise that as surely as the " Word was made flesh,"so surely will: He " change our bodies that they may be made like nto His glorious body," and entitle them to a share f Bis own present glory. Hfnce Christianity alone teaches us the true dignity of the human frame, it is " the temple of the Holy Ghost, which dwelleth in ns," is by ns to be kept in "temperanoe, soberness, i and ohastlty." elnoe we profess a belief in the "Besurreetion of the flesh" to the joys, unknown and nndescribed, of -the future life. Christianity shows so favor to the modem child of. the ancient Haniohean heresy, tbe spiritualism, which condemns as evil all matter, even the human frame, the Tabernacle of the Son of God, and also of the Holy Spirit, bnt teaches ns that as by nature we are, both ia body and spirit, heirs of the frailties of tbe first Adam, so by holy baptism we beooow in body and spirit alika members of the second Adam. -Hence the appeal on behalf of the Orphanage, tbe Hospital, tbe Asylum, these three children of pure Christianity, the guardian of unprotected Infancy, the alleviator of manhoods pains, the soother of senile sorrows, as we all feel that the Holy One is saying to eaoh contributor," Inasmuch as yon do It to one of these, you do it nnto me." Amount of collections, £20 3s Old: Bible classes, £1 Is 2d. ST. SKEB'S CKDSCH. At morning servioe the preaoher was Ber. H.W.H. Adeney, the text being Matthew, r, 7,8, and the subject—Care for ths side, sorrowing, and needy, the divinely-sanctioned way of commending religi&n; to the world. In the evening the preacher was Bev. E. S. Eadcllff, tie text Luke xvi, IS, and the subject —The impossibility of serving God and Mammon, but the duty of setvicg God with earthly riches. Total collections, £18 3s Gd. FCT. STEPHEN'S AXOUCAH OHTRATH, CLAYTON STBBI Divine eervios was conducted in the evening by' ths Bev. W. H. Geer, who took for the text of his sermon Mark xiv, 8," She bath done what she could." Collection, £110s 6d. Snnday eohool, 7e 71d. Tow* MXBBIOX HALL. Services In the Town Mission Hall were conducted inthe morning by Mrhnle, who took forhie text. Mark Vlii, 32. showing Christ's deep sympathy for' sufferiog humanity. The preacher urged em ail Christians to follow their Master's rnp'e TT> the evening, Ur Philip Long took for his subject the conversion cf tbe Pbllippian gaoler (Acts xvi, 81). and showed that although we are all sinners, we may all be saved through faith fn Ohrist, the practical result of hfs con version was referred to—viz^his washiagtbe apostle's stripes as the fruit of his faith In Christ. Mrs W. Little presided at the harmonium. Collections—Horsing, £2 Ss 0M; afternoon Snnday school, £1 0s 81 i evening, £5 9s. Total £8 12a 8J 'UXITBD MKtHonrsr FBUCBCBCH, P*sl Btssxt. The Bev. A. T. Glasson selected far the batfs of his remaiks yesterday mornfng, L Timothy, 1,6— *' the end of the commandment is charity, cut cf spurebsart, and of a good oonscknce, and of faith unfeigned." The oommandment was given to teach ns chancy—viz.. love to God and love to oar fellowman. In charity Is comprised every qua'ity tbat men are taught to regardas good and estimable. It comprehends all those kind dispositions and social offices which we owe one to another. Clarity .may exercise itself fn a thousand, different ways, and - may assume a thousand different forms, but Its native loveliness it win ever retain. The object of its exsrtiors will be cither to prevent human misery or to alleviate Its burthen, and the man 'who Is aotuated by this godlike princlp'e confines not his attention within the narrow -rarnls of indirilstl interest, but endeavors, as far as hei«aWe,tep- osiote the genr ral vrellare, sjid Increase the stock of hnmsn happiness; be sympathises with hiafellow-creaturec in their misfortunes,'and stretches forth Ids hand to their relief. In such a man the dejscled find a 00miorler, and. the poor a benefactor- . -fie is . A friend to tbe friendless. Purity of heart must be hold ftmdamantal to all genuine oharity, and that benevolence which originates from any other source,- or wbici nsts-cn aay other fiundatipn,Is" 6ptxriooB and vain.: Cbari ty must originate in a good conscienoa. Jnstioe should always etther precede or go band In band with charity. Invaindoweaasuroe the charaotereif charitable if ttie fund from which we distribute to tbe .(«iUef of the. needy hath been accumulated by baud or extorted by oppression. Neither Is that charity whioh Is supported at the expense of others. When charity is founded cm the basis of an nndissembltd faith—when it -is attended by parity of Inert, «id unblemished Integrity: ef conduct then, and only then, does it attain to its full stature; then only ia it perfect and complete, and calculated to fulfil the important ends for nbiohtbe commaadnwnt was given. Tfae Bev. Mr Glasson again prcacbed in the evening and eelectedfor his text 1st John, iv., 11— " If God so loved us, we ought to love .one another." CcIIeotions amounted to £5 2s 7d, which'ls considerably in cdvanoe of last year. ORITED UBTEODIER HA OHTOCH, BOCTH . Btbbmt. At the morning servioe ths Itev. W. J. Osriton officiated, taking for his text Bath, ii.S," Ana she went and came, and gleaned inthe field-after tb> reapers, and ber bap was too light, and part of ihe fleM belasgiiig imto Boas, who was of the kindred ef Bltmnlwih*' from this test the rev. gentleman preached a practical Charity Eunday eermon. Be commenced Sis diaoourse by Introdudng the eoeae rf tho narrative In a very graphic and realistic w—w* Be spoke at sfooe lengthof the eventfol whioh took plaoe on the diS thW Bnih anajier mother-in-law, Hacmi, left the land of Moah for the Undrf JuJA. St Bade special reference bees to the eell-denying love andaffaotion rf Both for her aged mother-in-law, and the fldelltyend perseva with -wMtai she tdled to supportlffir. ^At thls the C*riteel''tJUBsa aitmam_-otMa oat tbe latest feelings and' deaires . ef natures; it strikes chords that would otherwise be dormant. He instane d eeveral bright and Slnstrous characters that would in all probability have been lost to the world had they not been developed by sorrow, sickness, and persecution. ~ He said it was sorrow and imprisonment that brought out the sublime feelings of John Bunyan, and presented to the world that beautiful and isv immortalised book, tbe "Pilgrim's Progress." it was Borrow that made Dr Young the better poet, and Bishop Hall the better preacher. It was in the dark dungeon with shackled hands and feet that the grand Ohristian heroism of SL Paul was exhibited. It was in the lions' den that Daniel's faith and fidelity were seen to advantage : and it was also in ths light and ruddy glare of Nebuchadnt ezar's furnace that the true character of the three Hebrew children were shown. He said it took the Pope's boll, and tbe Cardinal's curse, and the world's anathema to develop© the character of Hartin Luther. It to-.kali the red-hot persecutions and hostilities of Lord Cl&verh;&use; to give to the world the true characters of the heroic Scotch Covenanters Mr Carlton spoke at length os the beauty of unfaltering friendship, shov ing very plainly the differencelhat exists between the friendship that iapnifferedbymacywhen a person Is pro* peringintheworld and the strong and undying friendship and attachment of Buth to h acini. He spoke of Job's supposed friends, who were, everything while he prospered, but who were only a sosree of trouble to him when he became poor. He also referred ia an able manner to the mysterioosness of God's providenoe. and cor shortsightedness, and said that paths of darkness and hardships often led to places of joy to those who are found trusting in God; also, that events which seem but trifles carry with them momentous results. It was comparatively speaking, only a trifling 1 Ling for Buth to go into the fieldto gather ears of corn, but It resisted in her marriage with Boaz,cne of the richest men of Judah, and in the sifbifiuant faot of her becoming the srandmother of Christ. The rev. gentleman then dwelt at considerable length on the last part of his discourse, namely, the value of gleanings and concluded by exhorting everyone present to give libertlly and cheerfully, fce expected them to do what they could, and the exhortation had it9 desired effect, the congregation having doubled their last year's collection. WLSLBYAN CHDECH, LyDIABD STREET. The Bev. Alfred Bigg officiated at this church'; tho text for the mornkg sermon beiig Luke x 29 to 37.; and the .evening text was taken from Lake x, 23, commencing 11 Blessed are the eyes whida see the thinge that.ye see.". At theoonclnsioii of the evening -service the * Hallelujah chorus" was rendered in an exoellent manner by the Juil choir; Mr i£yres presiding at the organ. 3.'hare were large congregations at the two services, and- the collections were:— Morning, £19 13s 7d; evening, £14 7s—total, £34 0s 7d- . WELSH Vkt/ed JEOTBSIAKT CHUBCH, ABHSI&OKS; .. SIXBBT. In ths morning Mr Lswther preached from ths text Acts xvi, 31, the collection amounting to £4 9s 4d; and at everting service tbe Bev. William Thomas officiated, taking for his text bt Matthew xxv, 3110 46\. The collection was £4 7e Id. The Sabbath school children subscribed £1 16s 8d. making the total £1013s Id.. ~ filtlTHXSDALB ANT) ScABEDALB. The usual united action was not, from some caure or otber taken, and although tie fact that the collections on Eunday would be frfven to one or other of. the charities was given out lit the ohurches yet the absence of any properly concerted movement is likely to be felt in reducedcontributions. LAKE AXD GAKDBXS. There was a large concourse of visitors at ibe lake and gardens, and the chief item donated towards the cbjsct in vie of the Bailarat. and Princess, who determined to give the entire passenger receipts.from the twe boats, and the result was tho handsome sum cf £13. Messrs Rvans, Sutton, and Bichards. of- the Union Foundry, also gave thtir voluntary sssistanoe to Mr Hennah. Collections were also made on Mr Ivey's boats, Princs and Queen; £4 3s 3d having been subscribed on the former, and £2 9s 3d on the latter. Mr Gill also gave the total of his fares from the Wendouree towards the charity collection, the result being£4.12s3d . . - Collections -were also taken up at the City and Bailarat Bowing Ohib houses—that from ths former amounting to £3 3s, but the Bailarat club collection is not yet to hand.' The private collections os tbe parade and at the Botanic Gardens totalled £817s Id, and tbe following volunteers having given their services:—ilesETB 1*'. ii. Claxton, Inglis, Marsh, Masn, Laidlaw, Goddard, 'lhompson. Booth, Turner, Williams, Clydesdale,and Ohown—all members of either the Bailarat or Oity fire brigades. . . . F 