THE FEBRUARY EXHIBITION. On Thursday. February 27, was witnessed the largest Show we have ever bad in South Aus- tralia, and the Exhibition gave some idea of what might be expected to be seen should it be decided to hold a large General or Intercolonial Exhibition. As we have already said, the great drawback to the Societies here is want of room. The Hall for the present Exhibition was crowded to an unconscionable degree. Visitors were unable to obtain little beyond s bare glimpse of many of the exhibits, and their in spection of those most conveniently situated was necessarily brief. This was a fault which might have been in a considerable degree lessened by better arrangement and a wise exclusion of articles which were certainly out of place in the building. There was a want of ar- rangement too about the Industrial Sections. Articles were included in sections in which they found most anomalous company, and exhibits similar in character were scattered over the room in rather perplexing fashion. We know that the Committees and energetic Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures labored hard to make the arrangements perfect, but their efforts were apparently hampered or restricted to a considerable degree. With regard to the exhibits shown under the auspices of the Agri- cultural Society, they were as usual well arranged and were easily found. In making these remarks we wish it distinctly understood that we have no desire to find fault with the Committees who arranged the exhibits in the Hall, but simply to draw attention to the de- fects, with a view to better arrangements being made at any future Exhibition. Looking at the Exhibition of Thursday from a general point of view, it must be pronounced a success. It afforded a more complete viewof our industrial and manufacturing progress than auy tiling that has jet been seen in tbe colony. Many I new features of interest were introduced, and had the room not been crowded, would have been seen to even greater advantage than they were. ' Those who have not seen the exhibits in the Hall I should take an opportunity of seeing them. One j day is not sufficient to exhaust the Show; two jor even three days might be profitably spent in I looking into the evidences of the material pro j gress of tlte colony so prominently brought ' under notice fcere. We hare already dealt with | several sections of the Exhibition, but our j criticisms were necessarily incomplete, as the ! whole of tbe features of the Show were not ! before us. We therefore in the present issue j supplement our previous notice, dealing with ! respect to tie industrial portion of the Exhibi j tion. more especially with the sections which ! were either wholly or partially neglected in our | previous notice. ; The Agricultural Society's portion of the I Show was very creditable to growers and i producers. The wool we have already ; commented upon. It is to be regretted < that there was not more competition in | this section, but tbe samples of tieece which { were shown were undoubtedly magnificent. The i collection of agricultural produce was small— | smaller, indeed, than was expected, although 1 admittedly our harvest has been a comparative | failure—but the grain shown wasa good sample. . The display of fruit, flowers, and vegetables was good, and some novelties in both the former lines were noticeable. There was a large atten dance on Thursday, but, doubtless, many who ; are more interested in the industrial sections pcstponi-d their vi«it till to-day. His Etcel ; Jeocy the Governor was present during the , cftercoon. recorted by Mr. S. Davenport and 1 Mr. J. F. Cunigrave, and veeut through various .itlarttn.iitfi of the Exhibition. Tiie gruunis curing the afternoon prsaeated a most auicx*t<f:J . appearance. The marquee, with its ei'iuisr.-e . collection of choice fliwtrs and pot plants, wu, as riiight be expected, the favorit<: resort of the lsJie?: tne agricultural aa i other machinery attracted the attention of prac tical farmers, squatters, and others, while an eDdle? field fcr etudy was offered by the . indoor exhibits. Amusements of various kinds , T.tre in lull swing. Cheap jacks and itinerant .-hoixnitii of ditlcreut nationalities and varying .:.'(.rn-« of ability i>!!ed their callings with a v.tw toej'ttUy acquirement of the "almighty odisr," ::nd tile rifresiiDicut booth proprietors ; •lid .i capital tnu!<>. Ti:e Judges' luncheon I L-ooth i\as catereJ for by thu ejergetie and ' j;fi;ial prtpriettr of the Goodwood Hole!. Jti'lowr ir «ill be found that wo ii^ve dealt with the exhibits in detail:— ! ACBICXT.TCR4X I'EOarCE. 'We were somewhat di■•appointed with the agnculiuial produce section, as the entries were '■ y co means numerous, and in some lines th:;re were no exhibit* at all. Mr. J, H. Angus carried , :i«a_r the Challenge Cop vrith a govl sample, i considering the season, but tbe weight. 67 lbs. :3£ ccs., was not equal to what we nave been , accustomed in previous ye*rs. Mr. J. Biggs took second honors with a sample weighing o*s : lbs. 15 OEs., aad the same exhibitor carried away tbe i 5 prize. No hybridised wheat or selected wfceat ia straw was shown. Mr. Kiggs's collections of grain in the straw iv*re jiustly awarded prizes. Mr. J. Frame se ' cuml honors for hills wheat, the weight being j <>5 lb". 1 01, and Mr. J. Thver carried xarsy the palm for plains wheat with a weight of 07 ■ lbs. SJ. ocs. Mr. J. H. Augu taking second j.ritc. A good sample uf barley, but badly cleaned, shown by M«ssrs. Chambers .V Slades, was anardrtla prize, while Mr. A. 801 l received . honors for oate. Some capital samples of field peas were shown by Mr. J. Frame, who also 1 sent in^fii-e of rye and prairie grass xeed. Mcmtb. Oobblediek. Bake, and Parsons were the representatives of fodder plants. : altogether this section was rdpreseuted iv a ; meagre manner. This may be attributed in a I great measure to the oeasoc, but duspite the in ' ilitt'ereut harvest yield we had hoped to have •ecu a mcrr r*present?tive oollectiou of grain. ; Appended is tlie prize list.- — Judges—For wheat, Messrs. J. Clark, J. D.tw ! M>n, M. McGallum. T. Atkinson. M.P., and K. , t'attcrton. For barley, Ac—Messrs. W. Fer ' Kusson. W. Thomson, and J. Duncan. Wheat, 1 111) bushels on gror.nri —Entraoce fee £1, the ' Kinount of which wilt be divided each jear in ; i^ixi?, two-tl■L•■d^ to the best t.amp!e, aud oje ihird to the >«co?d.—Challenge Cup, £50. J. U. Angas. t>7 lb?. 3i ozt.; second. J. Higgt, o"5 lbs. ! Isu^B. "• bau-.[jles good fur the season, bat the I weights are not up to prerious years." To roe j entries. Wheat. 50 bukhels on ground. £5, J. ■ Uiggs. tSlbs. 74 ozg.; £1 HU , J. Higg*, 6t lb?. 7J ois. T«oeutrie?. Collection of grain ia straw, correctly named, sheaf to be four inches in tiUmettT, with sainpie of grain, £1, J. Kiggs. Collection of grain, not les« than four varietde*, correctly named, one bushel each, i'l, J. Kiggs. i Wheat, grown on hills, 12bushels, £4, J. Kra-jje, I t<s lbs. 1 oz. Wheat, grown on plains, 12 ! bushel*, £4, J. Tiiyer, 67 lbs. Si ozs.; j 42, J. IL Angas, 67 lbs. 6.C o«.; I il, J. Tlijer, 06 lbs. ?i oza. Scvea "eutries. i I'ailoy, KiiglUh (not to iadude Chevalier). £2, i CLau.lHrs i: UlftiUi--, 53 lbs. li ot*. "Very : lii!ey, but ba.l!y cU-aiitJ." Oats, white, ; .U", .">. llell yil V-. i ow i; £1. J. I'm me <17 : ; IL^. i?.-J.) t?ats. (aiv. iJ. J.iVauio. '■ iUdly i I £ut iip." Pens, lii'l.l, ii, .1. Fr.toi?. "Very i jjoud.'1 IVairie grass mmhl. i'l. J.Kraiui'. *■ Very i i tood " liy«gra>s seed, £1, J. Frame. ■•Very ' ; good." tiret-u fodder, new variety, -jl. It. \ Cobblediik. Mangold wurtwl, loag, Vte, Kake I wd I'anDDs. " Very good." Mangold wurtiel, J round or oval. 10s., liafce & l'arsous. Special jiiixe, presented by Messrs. E. & W. Usckett— I Hoits for fodder, best oolleotiou, 12 of each ! variety, XI, ltake aud Parsons. j DATRY ?ROBICH. j There was a very fair collection of dairy pro- J duce, tbe competiiiou being, however, confined i to only a few exhibitors. There was a good show of salted butter, aud some excellent chetse. There was also some capital haul and bacou. The following is the prize list: — Judgts-Messrs. H. A. Crawford, J. H. Kfford, and J. Lyons. Buttir, salted, three months old, 56 lbs., £o, Sirs. Callaby; £2, Mrs. Callaby : £1, Wm. Knsworthy. Eleven entries. Cheese, ' not !e«s than 20i) lbs., £3, Jas. Welfare; £2, W. j Guthrie, l'ourentries. Eggg, hens', new laid, \ basket of 24, 10s., Mrs. Callaby; 5?., Mrs. ! Callaby. Bacon, six flitches, £2, Mrs. ClUaby. Bacon two flitches, 10s., J. Frame. Hams, six, £2. Mrs. Callabv. Hams, two, £1. ilra. Callaby. rXOEICCTTCBK. In this department« departure was made f rota the custom of past years, and the Show was held in a spacious marquee, instead of,as has hitherto been the case, in the huge hall of the Exhibition Building. This change was very much for the the better, as the splendid marquee. 100 feet in length by 40 feet in width, was amply sufficient to display to the] best advantage Flora's choicest treasnres, and as it was specially constructed for the purpose by Mr. 1. Macdonald, of Freemau etreet, it answered admirably. On first enter ing the huge tent the visitor could net fail to be struck with the general tout ensemble of the interior. The fine collection of pot plants, down the western side of the pavilion, aud numerous and varied assortment of ferns, palms, and exotic plants on its eastern side showed to ad to advantage, whilst .the centre table was devoted to flowers of varying hue and most brilliant coloring. Overhead, swaying gently with the undulations of the canvas, suspended in mid-air, were numerous lanterns of gorgeous coloring and intricate design. These imparted an appearance of gaiety strictly In keeping with the mass of color and stately specimens of hothouse floriculture upon the tables below. Cn entering the marquee a fine collection of exotic plants fnpn the Botanic Garden attracted 1 notice. There was also an assortment of < poisonous plants, comprising the celebrated Upas tree of Java, the mephitic exhalations from which are said to be so powerful as to canse the death of any unfortunate sleeping beneath its shade, while ontiguous to it <r? the equally celebrated Ordeal tree of Mada gascar. A remarkably thriving specimen of the Strycbnos, or stryeaine plant, attracted much notice from the nature of the inscription affixed thereto—" The most poisonous plant known." Some specimens of tobacco grown at the Botanic Garden and a gigantio snake encumber about four feet in length were viewed with interest. Passing onwards, a Cue collec tion of palms and other hothouse pot plants were noticeable for their beauty and foliage. There was a beautiful and varied show of ferns, Sir Thomas Elder taking first and second prizes in this class for a fine specimen of Adiantum Farleyense and Adiantum Cuneatum. For pot plants Mr C. Newenham obtained first prize for a fine Asplenium Flasidnm, S. Pearson taking second honors for a splendid GleicheniaDicarpa. The first prize of six ferns was awarded to Messrs. Giles & Son, and also 12 outdoor plants. Ths competition in hand bouquets, buttonhole, and stand flowers was anything bat keen. The severe season has had much to do with this. A very prettily arranged stand of ) flowers, placed in a *• mirror stand," was choice |in the extreme. Both the first and second prizes in this class fell to Mr. Edwin Smith. In basket flowers tbe competition was limited to three exhibitors,Mr. G. S. Fowler taking first honors Seme fine table bouqnets were shown, Mr. O. Zeigler obtaining first prize. The first prize for hand bouqnets was awarded to Messrs. | Giles & Son, but the competition was very j limited. The geraniums were not as fine as j could be wished, and certainly not as good as we j have seen at former exhibitions. The same may be said with regard to petunias. The show lof dahlias was simply Euperb, and the phlox varieties were admirably represented. Button hole flowers made a very poor show indeed, Messrs. Giles & Son took the first prize and Mr. Dobbie the second. A j fine collection of caiadiums exhibited by J Messrs. Giles k Son deservedly obtained first I price. A fine If coped exhibited by Mr. S. Pear- I son was awarded a first prize. For a collection of three cpecunens of tbe sajne plant Mr. G. S. Fowler obtained first honors. We now came to | one of the rarest exhibits in the whole show. :At the entrance to the pavilion was a bulbous i pot plant, with a long stem surmounted with i wbite flowers. This is cailed singularly enough j " The Holy Ghost plant." or Peristeria Elata, j and is exhibited by the Hon. G. C. Hawker. I who gained a first prize for it as a rare plant. The most striking feature in the flower is that ;in the centre the petal forms a most perfect re j presentation of a dove. The flower is a cuj j shaped one, having a centre leaf like a snap j dragon, and the scent is most delicious. It is ! claimed for this plant that it is tbe first I which has bloomed in tbe colony, although two ' others in the possession of the Hon. Thos. Elder • and Mr. B. Barr Smith are now iv bloom ■' The exhibits of roses were very poor, uo doubt I owing to the season. The prisetakers were | Mettts. E. Smith and J. B. Hughes. A choice ' collection of cut flowers was shown, and at j tracted much notice by their beauty. Verbenas ; and zinnias were well represented, and the latter ' weie particularly worthy of notice, but competi* ( tion was confined to the Hon. Henry Ssott and I Mr. Edwin Smith. Some fine collections of pot I plants were exhibited by Sir fhos. Elder, Messrs. iC. Iteicman, J. Pierson, and others. A very j beautiful double fuschia, the .Enchantress, ', shown by Sir Thomas Elder, obtained a. first prize. The following is the prize-list : — : P!anU in Pots.—Judges—Messrs. E. Line, A. ! Mac Donald, W. Huinj.)irie?, T. Fra2er, aa J W. I Jones. Ntw or rare, not previously exhibited, I It's., Giles & Sou; 55., C". Newman. Sew or rare, outdoor, not previously exhibited, 10-*.. < jile? & Son; 55., C. Kewman. Ornamental, six, for table decoration. 15s, GiW & Sou; 10s, J. Fitr?OD. Conifers, six, 155., E Smith; 10*, Giles & Son. Ornamental, twelve. £2, C. New man ; £1, Sir Thos. Elder. Variegated, six, £1, J. rierson; 10s, C. Newman. Ornamental, hardy mtdoor,twelvp,£llo£,GueB&3on;£l,E.Smith. Fern*, six, £1, Giles & Son; 10s, J. Pienon. I Ferns, three, 10s.,G.Newman; ss,SirT. Elder. j Fern, one, ss, Sir T. Elder. Lvcopods. three, i 10s, J. S. Fowler. Lycopod,one,"ss, J. Pierson. j Caladium, six, 15s, Giles & Son; 10s, J. Pier ton. Oaladium, three, 10fl.,Giles & Son: 7s. 6d, Sir T. Elder. Caladium, one, Ss, Giles & Son. 1 Plants in baskets, three, 10s, Giles k Son; ss* Hen J.Hodgkise. Plant in basket, one, ss, C Newman. Judges' remarks—"Six coxcombs were exhibited, and tbe Judges commend them, and are sorry no prize was offered." Plants in Pots and in Bloom.—Jadges same as for plants is pots. New or rare, not pre viously exhibited, lus., Hon.G.O. Hawker; ss, Giles k. Son. New or rare, outdoor, not pre viously exhibited, ICe, Giles* Son; ss.,Giles and Son. Of any kind, six, £1 10s, Sir T. I Elder; £1. J. Piereon. Of any kind, three, j 15s, Sir T. Elder; 10s, E. Smith. Of any kind, ; one, 7s. 6d, Sir T. Elder. Glosinia, one, ( Sa, J. Pierson. Achimeues, six, 136, E. I Saoitb. Achimencs, three, 10s, E. Smith; i 6s, J. tjerson. Aohimenea, one, ss, Sir IT. Elder. Fuchsias, six, £1, Sir T. Elder. i Fuchsias, three, 15s, Sir T. Elder. Fuchsia, : one, is. 6d, Sir T. Elder. Pelargonium, sonale \ single, one, sa, Giles & Son. Climbers, three, ; 15e, Dr. Wylde. Climber, one, 7s. 6d, SirT. . Kider. Petunia, double, one, se, Hon. J. Hodg '■ ki?. Petunia, single, oue, ss, Hon. J. Hodg ' kirc. Judges' remarks—"The Jadges are ', pleased to note the introduction of a marquee i for the exhibition of plants, not only on account | of tbe appearance and novelty, but aa oeing I j more suitable for the general health of the ] , plants. It is quite evident from the small • competition in some classes the unfavorable j seacon has affected their culture. We recom mend a prize should be awarded for six cox . combe, they being of unusual excellence. Toe I habit and culture of ferns in all exhibits are retuarkably good and close in competition. We | were pleated to see so great an'improvement aud such keen competition in plants for table ) .iecoratioD, seven collections being exhibited. ! The whole collection of pUuts deserves special ' mention for its general excellence." Cut Flowt-rs.—Judges—Messrs. F. Wood, T. ( Fraiser, and B. J. Hibbert. New or rare, not previously exhibited, sa, G. S. Fowler. New or , rare, outdoor, not previously exhibited, 55,, Sir T. Elder; Ss. <id. t C. Newman. Of any sort 24, 15b, E. Smith ; lvte, Giles & San. Of aay • tort, IS, 10*, E. Smith : 7s. Cd.. H. B. Hujjhe=. Of auy soit,fcix, 7s. 7J, E. Smith; ss, Sir T. > Elder. Of any sort, three, 55., E. Sai-tii; 3s. ! Cd, J. Pierfoa. Of any sort, one, 3s. 61, S. Smitb. Bulbous or tuberous, three, ss, J. il?l -i liday; 3s. 6d,E. Smith. Bulbous or taberous, one, 3a. fld, G. S. Fowler. Climbers, six, j 7s. <jd, E. Smith. Climbers, three, ss. Hon. J. Hodgkifcg; 3s. <sd, E. Smicli. Climber, one, 3s. tid, Hon. J. Holgklss. .Shrub*, twelve, 10s, J. S. Fowler; 7e. tid, U. B. j i Hughe*. Shrubs, six, 7s. od, Hon. J. H^d'fciss; ,' :5s ,E. Smith. Sl'rubs, three, s<, H. B. Il.yhcs; | i ::s. 6d,Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Surub, oae. 3*. 01., ' '■ Dr. IVyJde. Zioiiias, sbr. *s. <J<3 , Hon. H. Sc jtt; I ss, Hoii, H. Scott. Zinnias, three, ss, Hon. H ; Scott; 3s. tMI, Hon. H. Scott. ZmoiA, oae, 2s. : Sd, E.Smith, llotes, twelve, 10s, J. Halliday ; i 7s. Ca..E.Sinith. Bostv, six, 7s. 6\l, E. Smith ; i os, H. r.. Hughes. Kuses, three, sa, E. Smith; i 3s. Cd ,H. B. Hustes. Koses, one, 3s 6J, J. HaUiday. Vcrbeaag, twelve, 10s, O. Ziegler; 7s 6d., H. B. Hughes. Verbenas, sis, 7s. 61, O. Ziegler; ss, Sir T. Elder. Verbenas, three, ! ss, O. Ziegler; 3a. 61, Sir T. Elder. Verbena, j I one, 3«. 6d, Giles & Son. Dahlias, twelve, 10s, i ! GUes & Son; 7s. Cd, Giles & Son. Dahlias six, J ! 7s. fid, Giles & Son; ss,Giles & Son. Dahlias, I three, ss, Gil«s & Son; 3s. 6d, Giles aad i Son. Dahlia, one. 3s. 6d.. Giles & Sou. ! Petunias, single, six, ss, J. Halliday; 3s. G.I, j Giles & Son. Petunias, single, three, 2s. 6d, ; Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Petunia, single, one, 2s. 6J, ! C.Newman. Petunias,double, six, 7s. fid, Giles 1 ' and Son; ss, J. Halliday, fetuaiae, double, j I three, ss, Giles & Son; Sa. 6d, C. Newmvi. \ \ Petunia, double, oue, 3s. Cd, Giles & Sjh. ■ ! Peutstemous, six, 55., J. Mitchell; 3s. 6d., Sir ; T. Elder. Fentstemons. tbree, 3s. 6d, J. Pier son; 2s. 6*d, J. Mitchell. Pelargoniums, • zonale. single, six, sa, J. Pierson; 3s. 6d, J, ! Mitchell. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, three' 3s. 6d, J.Pierson; 2s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Pelar gonium, zonale, single, one, 2s. 61, O. Ziegler. Pelargonium, zonale. double, six, 53, O. Ziegler; 3s. 6i., J, Mitchell Pelar goniums, zonale, double, three, 3s. 6dL, J. Pierson; 2s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Pelargoniums, zonale, double.ons, 2s. 6d,0. Ziegler. Gladioli, sis, 75.6 d., "W. Mugge; ss, W. Mugge. Gla dioli, three, ss, AY". Mugge; 3s. 6d., W. Mugge. Gladiolus, one, 3a. 6<l, W. Mugge. Dianthus, any variety, three, ss, O. Ziegler; 3s. 6d, O. Ziegler. Dianthus, any variety, oae, 3s. 6d, S. Halliday. Phlox, perennial, six, 7s. 6d, Giles and Son. Phlox, perennial, three, ss, Giles aud Son; 3s. Cd, Giles & Sen. Phlox Drain mondii, six, ss, H. B. Hughes; 3s. 6d, A. AT. Dobbie. Phlox Dranunondii, three, 3s. 6d, H. B. Hughes; 2s. od, A. W. Dobbie. Floral design, £1, E. Smith; 15s, E. Smith. Basket of flowers, 15s,G. S. Fowler; 10s, O. Ziegler. Bouquet for table, 15s, O. Ziegler; 10b .Giles& Son ;7s. 6dr,J. Halliday. Bouquet for hand, 10s, Giles & Sou; 7s. 6d,Giles and Son; ss,Giles & Son. Buttonhole bouquet, ss, Giles k Son; 3s. 6d, A. W. Dobbie: Ss. 6d, Dr. Wylde. Bouquet of everlasting flowers in their natural state. 7s. 6M-, Dr. Wylde. Judges 1 remarks—"The Judges report that the show on the whole is quite as good as could be expected, considering the city weather. They would ea.'! the attention of exhibitors to being more par ticular in naming their exhibits." FRUITS. There -was really an admirable display of fruit. The season has not been altogether favorable far our vineyards and orchards, sues particularly for come descriptions of fruit and it was pleasing therefore to note the excellent collection of Thursday's Bhow. The most casual visitor could not bat pause to surrey the golden and ruby apples, the light and purple and to the juveniles the temptations of the appetite must have been especially serere. The display of grapes was a capital one. there beine all varieties of wine and table gapes, together with fancy growths new to very many The apple department exhibited "?f"iffi«mt samples of the beet growths, some being un usually fine and large. Reference to" th« award list will show that the principal prize* fell to well-known growers and old prixetakera The pears were remarkably good, while tike plums were fair. Some fine melons were also shown. The award list is as follows:— Judges—Messre. T. Hardy, J. Cobbledick, J. Cornow, J. F. Pascoe, and Hon T. PlayfonC Fruits, collection of, £4 45., £. 1): Boss; second, prize, presented by B. A. Wirigat, Kwj, £2 2?, Giles & Sou. Fruits, edible. 12 varieties, neither more nor less, 156., Gxiet>& San; I tie., i£. Kemp- Eon. Grapes, white table, six varieties, named,, one butch of each, 155., J. Howell &. Sons; 105... J. Green. Grapes, table, one banco. 55., jT Green. Grapes for diying, four veriefcies, neither more nor less, "one bunch of each 10s J.Bowel! & Sons; 7s. 6d., J. Bowell & Sons. Grapes, table, seedling, one bunch, ss, H. C. Quick. Grapes, colored table, six csrieties,. named, one bunch of each, 15«, J. Bowell and Sens; 10s., H. O. Quick. Grapes, six largest and nnest-ehaped bunches of distinct varieties, correctly named, 15b, H. C. Quick;. 10s., Ind & Beasley. Grapes, wine, 12 varieties, correctly named, one bunch of each, £1, Ind and Beasley; 155., Ind & Beasley. Peaches, 12, 7b. 6d, B. D. Koss; ss, G. H. Harris. Apples, named. 20 varieties, neither more nor less, cix of each variety, £1 10s-, Giles & Son;. £L, B. D. Boss. Apples, 10 varieties, six of. each, 15s, B. D. Boss; 10s., Giles ,& Son. Apples, dessert, 12. 10s., Giles & Son;: 55., B. D. Boss. Apples, kitchen, 12, 10s_ E. Smith; 55.,. J. Green. Judges' Be> marks —"Cooking apples exceedingly good." Pears, named, 15 varieties, neither mare nor less, six of each variety, £1 10s., Giles & Son; £L B.S.Koss. Pears, table, 12, 10s., W.Siagge- r Ss., B. D. Boss. Pears, kitchen, 12, 10s, J. Bowell & Sons ; ss, Giles & Son. Quinces, 12,. 7s. 6d., J. Sowell & Sons; 65., E. Smith. Plums, collection, named, c varieties, 12 of each, 10s, B. D. Boss. Plums, dessert, 12,5s,Snttoa Bros. Plums, kitchen, 12, 7e.«d, B. 2>.Boss; ss, H. Kempeon. Plums, seediing. 12, 7a. 4HL,. B. D. Boss. Damsons, round, half-gallon, 7s_ 6d, J. Green; Ss, O. Newman. Damsons,, oval, fa&lf-galJon;, 7s. 6A., W. Mugge; ss, fi. C. Quick. Pineapple, one, ICb. 6d, Sir 'J hoe. Bldczv Oranges, 12,75. 6d, W. Mngge? £«, H. £ea>p~ son. Lemons, 12, 7s. 6d, Giles &..SO&; ss, W. Mogge.Liinee,l2 7e.6d^G.ELHanis. Mulberries. 2lbs,ss,G.H. Harris. Filberts, 2 lba, 7e. 6d, Giies&Son; ss, Giles fc Son. Halzel nuts, 2 lbs,7s. 6d, B. D. Bobs; ss, B, D. Boss. Wal nuts, 7 lbs, -7s. 6d, W. Mogge; ss, B. D. Boss. Almonds, 56 lbs, £L£Hon. J. Hodgkias. Figs,, 12, se, J. Bowell & Sons; "3s. 6d, Hon. J. Hodgkiw. Melon.sweet, 7a.6d, Hon. H- Scott; ss. J. Bowell & Sons. Melon, water, 7s. 6d, J.. Bowell & Sons; ss, G. S. Fowler. Judges Be marks —"Although there is a great falling off in the quantity of theexhibits, yet, considering the .-eason, the exhibits as a whole are very eerdit— al le. They would Epecially call tbe attention of. exhibitors to number of exhibits which would have taken prizes, bat the Judges were unable to award prizes on account of the neglect of the exhibitors in not patting the numbers on. theii exhibits." The vegetables were accommodated un-ier the northern and western verandahs, aud although the display was not so large as many expected to see, still there was a capital collec tion, which comprised some remarkably fine in dividual exhibits. The principal exhibitors were Messrs. Newman, Cobbledick, Sutbon Bros r and Halliday. The onions and potatoes were very superior, and there were some fine cabbages and trombones. The collection of v?getables compriEed some well-assorted varieties of green stuff, and altogether the display was very creditable. The prize-list is as follows:— Judges — Messrs. Win. Haines. MJ?, G. Story, J. Bowell, H. B. Hanton, and A. Mitchell. Vegetables, named, 24 varieties, neither more nor less, £2, J. Halliday; £1, C. Newman. Carrots, 1 dozen, 7s. 6d, R. Cobbledick; ss, C. Kevman. Bed beet, 1 dozen, 7s. 6d, .Satton Brae.; os, W. Mugge. Cucumbers, brace, 7s, o\i. J. Hunter; Ss, C. Kewnun. Vegetable marrows, three, 7s. 6d, C. Newnran ; Ss, Satton Bros. Pumpkins, three, 7s. 6d, C. Newman. Trombones, three, 7s. 6d, O. Kemnaa; 5«, C Newman. Gourds, six varieties, neither more nor leas, 7a. 6d, J. Hunter; 55., Sutton Bros. Beans, runner*, fi ibs., Ts. 6d, Sutton Bros. ; 55., Sutton Bros. Beans, dwarfs, 6 lbs, 7s. 6d. Satton Brothers, Celery, six sticks, 7s. 6d, J. Halliday; Ss V Sutton Bros. Salad, la. 6d, C. Kenrnan; 5b., J. HaUiday.lPeas, peck, 75.;6d, J. Halliday; ss, J. HaUiday. Broad beans, peck, 7«- 6U, J. Halliday -, ss, Button Bros, uhubarb, 1 dozen sticks, 7s. 6d, C. Newman ; Sa, C. Nnrmu. Parsnips, 1 dozen, 7s. Bd, C. Newman; 55., B. Cobbledick. Turnips, wbite, 1 doses, C. Newman; ss, E. Cobbledick. Turnips, yellow, 1 dozen, Ts. 6d, J. Halliday,. ss.^ Sutton Bros. Lettuce, 1 dozen, 7s. &L; J. Hallidiy; sf, Sutton Bros. Cabbages, six, 10s, Sutton Bros.; ss, Suttoo Bros. Canliflcwers, cix. 10s, Sutton Bros. Bed cab bages, six, lOe, Sutton Bros.; Sa, J. HaDiday. Ouions, 1 cwt^ 155., T. Wade; 10s, Sntton. Bros. Onions, pickling, 56 lbs, 15s, B. Cobble dick ; 10s., Sntton Bros. Garlick, 56 lbs. 15s_ C. Kewman. Shalots, 56 lbs, 15s, C. New man. Potatoes, round, red, 1 cwt, 15s, Sutton Bros.; 10s., T. Wade. Potatoes, round, not red, 1 cwt, 15s, Sutton Bros.; 10s, Sutton Bros. Potatoes, kidney, 1 cwt, 15s, T. Wade; 10s, Sutton Eros. Tomatoes, 6 lbs, 7b. fid , Ind and Bcaclej; ss, Ind & Bessley. Cliili or capsi cum, 21U, 7s. 6d, C. Newman. Judges' Be n-arks—"All the vegetables, especially tb* potatoes and onions, were very fine. The Judges withheld the second prize for pumpkins,. as they considered they were not pure. Taey wish to call special notice to a dish of white Spanish onions, also to a nice exhibit of eg. fruit." AGBICTLTntAL IMPtESIEN'TS. Three chaScufcting machines are shoira ur Mr. John Buncle, of Kerth Mtlbource. Tje first one is worked by either steam or horse power, the second by horse-power, a:ul she third by baud. AU the machines arc- rtry poir«jriLi!,. ! the first cutting, when driven by ?t«ain, S5 tons, and by horse L"0 tons per week. An excelieat hay-elevator is shown at work, the piteut of Mr. D. F. Eatton. Among other ex hibits are to be noticed an extensive assort ment of bheep aud wool scouring apparatus, dipping-machines, bullock-drays, broadcast seed-sowers, grape strippers, crushers, and wine presses. The competition in wire fencing; is not large, that shown being principally spiked fencing of American manufacture. As would be expected this department is a. great source of. attraction and interest to the agricultural aom munity. Throughout Thursday every imple ment was keenly examined by hundreds of criticaleyea,andknotsof practical agriculturist were to be seen busily discussing the merits and improvements in the various implements. FIIOSABTS. In this department Mr. J. Wake, of Flinders street, has & large display of mouldings and pl&sterwork; at the northern end of the baUL A tice collection of carvings in the well-known Manocra stone is also exhibited at the other end of the building by Mr. J. Kelsh. AFPABATCS A>"D APPLICATION OF THE LIBEUAL AEPS. One of the most striking features of the dis play in this department is the fine collection of jewellery shown by local manufacturers. The exhibits are perhaps not so numerous as they have been on previous occasions, but they are all very beautiful, and as they are of purely local production the show altogether is perhaps the most satisfactory which has yet been seen at any of the Exhibitions held in Adelaide. The show cases ef Messrs. P. -Fait and Co. and J. W. Davis ate conspicuous. ; Among the exhibits of the latter attention may be drawn to a glass case containing a stand with ten gold and silver medals won 0/ Mr. J. Lindsay at various dhows held by tbe Agri cultural Society. Messrs. A. & J. Debbie's collection of scientific instruments is an excel lent one. Graham Bell's telephones and Pro fessor Hughes's, or Mr. Edison's, microphone (whoever say really be tbe inventor of that wonderful instrument), are well represented. Edison's phonograph also appears in a better shape than Mr. A. W. Dobbie has formerly shown it. It is nicely mounted on ft high stand, and instead of a handle being used to turn the instrument there is a clockwork arrangement by means of. which a far more steady and regular revolution of the cylinder is secured. This, as all most be aware who have experitnenUMl with the phonograph, and have unfortunately turned tbe cj Under so fast that the words spoken have not been clearly reproduced, is a great improvement on the old arrangement. The electro-plating apparatus shown by the Messrs. Dobbie excites general interest. A dynamo-electric machine, instead of a galvanic battery, is used to precipi- iate the particles of silver and other metals on the artieles which are placed in the water to be electroplated. This machine has been used very successfully in Messrs. A. & W. Dobbie's workshop. Mr. A. Waddy, bookbinder, and Messrs. P. Falk & Co., jewellers and watch- makers, have miniature shops at the northern end of the building, where the various pro- ceesses connected with the two industries are watched by large numbers of curious people. Four different sizes of Estey's cottage organs -are shown by Mr. A. Kauffmann. FURNITURE AND OTHER OBJECTS FOR USE IN DWELLINGS. Messrs. G. Phillips & Co. have in this section a good assortment of cutiery, which although strong and g-«jd v not equal in finish to the imported articles. The same may be ■ «aid of the surgical instruments shown. Miss Agnes H. Chapman shows the best -specimens of ornamental leatherwork, and -Hiss?sicnt* has a small specimen of similar work in white leather. Messrs. A. O. Chambers (who gained the prize) and A. Fischer exhibit the washing machines of which they are the •inventors. Slate and terracotta work for dwell ings are shown by Mr. J. O. Daniel and the 3Smannel Slaie Company. Messrs. Simpson and Co. have an excellent collection of iron bedsteads and tsaats, also of water- carriers and jr .m made ot-galvanised iron. A fine collection of basket f urn iture neatly finished is contributed to this department by Messrs. Merchant and Sons. There is also a collection of various manufactures from Mr. F. XL. Garner's steam - -cooperage. Among these Hutton's patent tie* -voJving washing-machlaes are particularly •CUOTHWG AKB OTBBa ABTICIS3 OF PBESONAL W«AR. In clotbiLg, including fabrics and other articles of pewonal wear. Messes. Hay k Co. have spared w> pains to command the attention of the ladies in a case replete with the latest -vagaries in feminine fashion, and Mr. Djolette has bean, at the like trouble for the edification of tire other sex. Miss A. Burton enjoys aa undisputed pre-aminence in woolwork. A very "handsome e?.-e of laseii shown by Miss Ada light, and the specimens which it contains are acid by the Judges to be the best samples of -work in textile fabrics exhibited. Miss Everard has also a tatted mat and astunaccasar, which save been work-J in a manner deserving high praise. Appended is the list of awards:— Embroidery, fancy lace aad woolwork. . «jd., Miss "A. Burton. "Very good taste." Woolwork, hnu, Sis« Everard. " Very pretty -and very nicely done." Lady's evening or ball dress, value uoi exceeding £1010*., Hay and Co. . "We .ci*s?«Mir a very lovely dress, being a Terv pretty cambination'of colors We award a silver meaaltotfagc&ejnntainingthabaadresa.;* One exhibit. Travelliog costumes, value not tS?- «yerr pretty, bat gold uosuiuSW Car Gtaveiluig, Unly exhibit. tJaj'. n&e; de_ctambre, varne £3 So., Hay & Oa. ""Handsome and very reasonable." Children's " cortnmea, pris. Hay fc -Co. " Very nicely made . frocji." One" entry. Boys' costames, Hay and Go. "Pretty and asefnl." MSlinery, Hay and •Op. "Very good atyle, several rery pretty bonnets." Shirts and plain needlework, bronze .■MedaLG.P.DoJlette. Two entries. APPABATOSBS AND PftOCSSSBS DSED OT THE OOKKOK AKTS. A very large space is occupied by the appara tus and processes used in "the common arts. Messrs. Francis Clark, ft Son's machinery at the sbathernend of the hall does not comprise any ~ tting strikioglj novel. Arrangements have • trto made ior'the working of a'fti-feet lathe by a Tangye's \5-horee-power engine; and a 10 \--kotse-power portable engine in an ■ adjoining -slud will set in motion a shaft connected with oiler machinery located in this part of the ' Among the machines excluded from this category are a band aud circular saw combined, ' -which can be worked by t*omen,anda3-cyliader pcrtfibfeenginf of 8 horse-power in the space of \--? feet. A large natnber of castings and steam n Mings are further indices to the firm's capv- Lilitits. Outtide the building Messrs. Clark I aye two windmills of different sixes. When raising water 40 feet,and making 75 revolutions per minute, tbo delivery of the varioas-sisod * jnQls is nearly as f jUows in gallaos per hoar:— N0.2,120; No. 4, 175; So. 6. 400; No. 8,525. Hartford automatic pomp is n&ed;, and the " aenrce ct power need not be very near tha spot from winch the water is to be raised, as the air can be carried a. quarter of a mile or more with out difficult;. Toe pomp is the exhibition of Wl—H T fl TTniilmi It TTn Meases. Clark also « produce a very useful deep-well pomp. It is i<kaosm in tha trade as a "thtee-throw eon tinnons flow" pump. Water is thrown from \- one cylinder to another in such a way as to svoid loss of momeutum in the return stroke. Hessn. Wright & EJwards, of Melbaurne, are the exhibitors of a _very simple and, from all acoonnta, eeanomieal water-boring machine. Slessrs.A.& J. Dobbie's shallow well pumps .-can be seen operating upon tanks in the .ball. This firm also exhibit a new form of plan ing-irachiDe. Mr. C. S. Krfiger, of Keat JTowd, has sent seven vehicles of his make to&is; department. The whole of them are \--?reU finished. A rubber cushion axle in an ex press waggon and a spring washer-axle in in another of his vehicles are good instances of the ears Mr. Kroger bestows open the details of his building. Messrs. Morcombe and Ciarke, of Fraaktin-esoeei, Messrs. Patera tt Foliar and Mr, W. H Bay, of North Adelaide, are other exhibitors in the class, whose production* would .da credit to any. Exhibition. The lasfc-men \- -turned tnftfltfT *no"r* an unproved jump-seat '-boggy:' JJ^aVingeniotis arrangement in the coSSbmd&m; dHhe reside the back of the front •aeat ran be made,-when desired, to fall forward and the back «eat to tall is the same direction, thos convertiug k two-seat baggy into an «legant trap with, only one ?e«t. This ♦baggy appears to be mash snperior to the ordinary turuover-seat vehicle, as it gives far «nore room for sitting and stretching the legf. Wegsxs. Duccaa i Frsser display a tram car for the. Alberton and Port Adelaide .Tramway Company. This ear is the sans length as the largest of the Kensington ana Norwood cars, and is sic inches -■wider. It i> boat on the same pattern,and is about the same weight. The whole of the framework is of English and Atnerinan ash and Tasmania*! biaekwooii, the latter being- equal to any timber grown in the world for car body -freaung.exseptiug for curved work, where the timber has to be cnt across the grain. All the bent wood in the roof and canopies, &c;, is of selected Tasmanitn blackwood, aad has been -vieam-bent to the various shapes by the Tue whole of the work has fceen made iv the colony, excepting the wheels, axte*. axle-boxes, and springs. Mr. A. O. Chambers shows several blacksmiths' " bellows; Mr. A. Fischer has several specimens -of his new invention, a portable furnace with a circulating flue to economise fuel and boil water In a shorter t'me than the ordinary b3iler does the work; Messrs. W. &T.; Bhodes have aa excel lent collection of sewing-machines and peram bolatoes; and a variety of Yankee notions, con . tritmted by Mr. A. O. Chambers and Messrs. Thaiips k Co^ creates much interest. A patent tarpaulin, sail, and bag sewing-m&cbJae;, shown by -Mr. H. Walters, is worth inspection. Many of the leading sail and such manufacturers in Don ■dee are luing these nmrhines in all departments of their work with most satisfactory results. _A single machine is said to sew a th on sand yards of sacking in ten hours. A large collec tion of bronze and iron ornamental castings -for paUisadiug*. tombstones, and verandahs is *hown by Messrs. Forward, Down, & Co.; Messrs. A. BurueU & Co. also exhibit some pretty designs in iron pallisading, whilst Messrs. Hall & Thomas have on view several farm and garden gates of a new and approved -description. Appended is the list of awards:— Hichines aad tools for engineers' use, "tirooxe medal, A. and J. Dobbie. Planing -m.rhin^ bjn, F. Clark and Sons. Col lection wood-working machines; no award, entries imported machines of ordinary type. Fngintw worked by gas, air, water, or other motor, no award; gas engine old type. Steam boilers and engines, stationary, portable, 'or locomotive. Two entries. One, an imported *' Taagye" of the latest type, hjo, J. Hsoker— A good strong engine, suited for ordinary jmrpoaes; workmanship and design not worthy of auy special notice. Cast -Sngs in any metal, Bronze medal, A. and 3\. Dobbie. Machines for other uses, bronze medal, A. O. Chambers, blacksmith's bellows. Two entries. Models of all kinds, tun., J. H. Cates, new mode fixing O. G. gutter. Cranes, jacks, pulleys, or other hoisting gear. One entry. "Nomerit." Carriages,viz^phaetons,landaus, broughams, sociable*, waggonettes, barouches, gigs, dog-carts, buggies, &c.;—Bronze medal, .Morcombe & Clark, waggonette, patent folding top; brave medal, travellers' boggy, patent lever top ; hjn-'s, Moreootbe & Clark, doable- Mated boggy, trotting sulky, express waggon; W. H. Bay, spider boggy. Oamagemafcers' and wheelwrights' work. No award. **Im -ported exhibits.* Collection harness and saddlery, diver medal, J. A. Holden & Co. "Very good collection." Tramcar, silver medal, Duncan k Fraser. Windmills, h.m, F. Clark & Sons. "Exceedingly good and simple arrangement of woodwork-gear." Two entries. Appliances for boring for water, bronze medal, F. Clark & Sons. "Machinery simple and good. Modification of cutters to inorease bora through rock to the diameter of the pipe, and also the arrangement for the withdrawal of the cutters without removing the pipes are very good; for the latcer a bronze medal is awarded." FT,m , Forwood, Down & Co. " Ordinary boring appa ratusj with special iatprovemeate for withdraw ing pipes and broken rods." FOOD FBKSK AMD PRESBBVED. It is very seldom that inhibition visitors are confronted by so fine a display of preserved food as that to be found in the Exhibition Building to-day. Jams, jellies, candied fruits, and confectionery of ail kinds pleasantly re lieve the array of more substantial necessaries. Biscuits are mentioned by the Judges as being a " very good collection." Dried fruits are also specially mentioned. The currants are pro nounced very fine, and raisins a good sample. Near the centre of the hall F. J. Beck & Co. exhibit a sample of dried fruit aud vegetables from California, and prepared by the Alden process of evaporation. Three hundred factories are said to have adopted this method. The apples, pears, raisins, and peaches are particu larly good, and the boxes in which they are en closed are worthy the notice of Adelaide pre servers. Messrs. Calder & Balf our have gained a silver medal for a fine display of biscuits, plain and fancy, contained in boxes packed up twelve or thirteen feet high. The Aerated Bread Company have also a good collection. A ta*tefully-ananged colKction of over a hundred kinds of colonial wines is shown in glass de canters on shelves at the lower end of the room. The exhibitors were Messrs. T. Hardy, P. Auld, Smith & Son, Salter b Son, and 11. H. Wig?. A nioe assortment of jams and jellies is contri buted by Messrs. J. McEwin. & Son, and a capital display of aerated waters and cor dials by Messrs. Hall & 00, B. Seppelt, A. M. Bickford & Sons, W. Nitschke, and the Crown factory. Confectionery, includ ing plain sweetmeats, and also a. varirty oT fanciful designs in sugar is supplied from the factories of Messrs. H. Harford and Irvin and Miller. The foreman has also on view some re volving pans used in the manufacture of com fits. Appended is the list of awards :— Dried fruits, silver medal, T. Bobson. "Gar rants very fine: raisins good sample; mus catels tough, fairly cured, want flavor." Flour aud meal, tun, B. J. Mears (self raising flonr). "Tiie bread nisde from this appears to be light and wholetoau-. Xot?. h.ui., T. Hardy. •• Qnality goo A " Jams and jellies, silver medal, Geo. McEwin and Son. **Fine quality jams; no jellies ex hibited." Beehives, h m., C. Sabine. Biscuit?, silver medal, Calder k Balf our. aA fine ex hibit, well got up." Confectionery, bronze medal, H. Harford. "Well worthy." Candi ments, sauces, one exhibitor; no award. " Un worthy." Essences and extracts, h.m., E. J. Mears (gingerbeer aud lemonade powder). Malt, bronze medal, Bfaglckole & Johnston. •* Good sample and color." UISCKLLAKEOrs. The miscellaneous division is quite as exten sive as a&ual.; Soap and candles figure largely, and choice furs converted into articles of ladies' and gentlemen's attire are also incladed, to gether with some neatly arranged cases of stuffed birds. Special attention should be drawn to Messrs. J. Tidmarsh, Burford and Son's varied exhibition of soap and candles. The toilet soap evidences great care aud skill in manufacture. Mes«rs. J. A. Hol den arc large contributors to this division. Their buggy harness in rubber and gold motmts aud with silver mounts, and their saddles in p-'g and doe skia, their carriage mats, and various American patents, including the Howe scales, are very creditable exhibits. A variety of water coolers is shown by Mr. T. McDonald, as afso a ease of fithing tackle by the same competitor. Messrs. Feldheim, Jambs, and Co. have a splendid display of the well known Eureka tobacco. There is also a credit able collection of guns aud other firearm* shown by Mr. W. Ekins. Appended is the list of awards:— Basket, wicker and plait work, broaxe medal, O. B.Tacnert;hjii., J. Merchant iSoa. " B >th exhibits are considered highly creditable, and superior to the generality of those imported." Stearine, h-m., J. Tidmarsh. "A fine exhibition of sperm, color and quality good." Candles, stearine and tallow, silver medal, J. Tidmarsh: bronse medal, VT. H. Burford & 6otu. " Good." Two entries. Soap, plain, fancy, soft, &c;, silver medal, W. H. Burford ft Sons. " A fine exhibition of fancy and household soap; well worthy." Two entries. Leather, plain and manufactured, bronze medal, J. J. Green. \- On the whole a highly creditable production. The patent shoe and levant uppers are deserving special notice. We consider them well-worthy of a bronze medal.* Bole leather, collection (not for competition), J. J. Gieen. "The display of sole leather is on the whole, we unhesitatingly think for the number of sides (50), the best we have seen." Skins, fun, &c;, bronze medal. S. Lawrence. " The whole of there axhibits reflect great credit on the exhibitor. The only defect in the furs was a want of softness when handled: a slight crackiing noise showing the defect. The emu skins, otherwise perfect, have a slightly oily touch when closely examined. These defects are the only difference from the furs of home manu facture.' Angora goat rkint. h.m. Price Maurice. *• Exceedingly well got up." Tents and canvas manufactures, hjn^ T. Macdonald. " The tents were incomplete,and the water-bags not of toe best construction. The w^tm«l v excellent, bat prices might have been given with advantage to purchasers. The material and workmanship of the marquee are very good, but a ridge pole or batten conneciinjr the f oar poles would have increased its stability and added to ita appearance." isrvEsnojrs. In a young colony like Sooth Anstralia it can not be expected that inventive genius should nave reached a nigh development, bat with a view of encouraging such ability at exists ia this direction medals have been offered for in vention* having « real economical value. The invitation thus given to people of mechanical drill and talent to ex hibit novelties and improvemeots in various departments of technical industzy is not so well responded to as might have been wished, bat still there is aa excellent display of models and other objects of interest. Among those which challenge particular notice are two inventions by the worthy member for Encounter Bay, Mr. W. A. K. West-Erakine; aad both of them contain the promise of much usefulness. The first i« a model of a floating breakwater. This is a contrivance based on the principle that storms cease to have any perceptible influence on the waves of the sea below a depth of about fifteen feet. The breakwater consists «f a series of floating tanks, cylindrical in form and each provided with a keel. From the bottom of each of these cylinders a number of chains are suspended so as to fall below the influence of the swell. Whether the breakwater wculd be practicable or not only a professional man could decide with confidence, bat the idea seems to be quite feasible. Such breakwaters, if they were found to answer well, would be exceedingly useful in protecting har bors where the trade is not sufficient to justify the expenditure of money on a more substantial structure, as they could be provided at a com paratively trifling cost, mad- could readily be removed for repairs. They would also have the additional advantage of not favoring the deposit of silt. Mr. West-Brskine's seconi in vention is one which must be specially valuable in a warm climate like that of this colony. The model shown by him illustrates very fairly a contrivance for cooling rooms in hot weather. An endless band of porous cloth is revolved on two cylin ders, and passing through a trough of water at the lower end is kept continually wet. The framework is so constructed that the whole can be fixed with ease in an open win dow, and the constant evaporation from the wet cloth produces, in accordance with a well-known principle, a coolness in the atmosphere. On warm days aud nights an ap paratus of this kind for cooling rooms would be greatly appreciated. In a sick chamber it would be specially useful, as besides lowering the* temperature it might, if perfumes were mixed with the water in the trough, be made to impart a delightful fragrance to the air. In Mr. West- Brskine's model the band is for die sake of convenience turned by clockwork, but for practical purposes a far simpler motive power could be used. The invention commends itself on many grounds, and very probably will be put to good use. A model shown by Mr. Hardy to illustrate a method of utilising trees on the boundary of any property as fencing-poets deserve! a passing notice. Staples are driven in the trees to carry the wire, and a fence, which not only pro tects the properly but affords excellent shelter, is thus provided. The phut has been adopted at Mr. Hardy's Bank?ide Vineyard, and has been fonnd to answer well, so no doubt it will be imitated by many others. Among other ob jects of interest in this class may be mentioned a model of ao oval staircase, similar to one shown at the last Industrial Exhibition, and several ingenious contrivances of Mr. Beaumont Cole. One of Oiese, which has obtained honorable mention, is an hydraulic organ blower. This tnarhine is constructed in the shape of two gasometers, the smaller of which feeds the larger, and the wind escaping from the latter blows the organ. The inventor claims that this machine has an advantage over the ordinary bellows, as it creates no noise, having no packing but water. It may be worked by a small hydraulic engine or any other motor, as may bo convenient. Beside the ** blower" stand* . a curious-looking machine something lika ja *maU piece of auoient ordnance. This, which is another of Mr. Cole's inventions, is a hydraulic sausage-filler and meat-preservtr. The sausageoieat is placed in a chamber similar to that iv the ordinary machine, but is pressed oat into the skins by means of a piston worked by water admitted through a fruse at the other end. Another invention by Mr. Cole is a little hydraulic engiae exhibited at the southern end of the roam, aud adapted for all purposes iv which small power is required for short periods. It may be attached to cranes, crab winches, lilt", &c.;, aud used to work coffee grinders, sewing- machines, tobacco-cutters, sausage chupptrs, organ-blowers, sad so on, or for pumping water out of cellars. The hydraulic engine has s piston working both backwards and forwards as in a Bteam-engiue, and in fact with a little alteration the inventor claims that steam could be used in connect 10. with it instead of water. With thu little engine it is said water at forty pauu.L pressure to the inch will raise one hundred weight of goods to a height of tfO feet by tits consumption of fire gallons of water. In addition to the novelties thus particularly J - scribed, Attention may be called to a folding cop for a waggonette, invented by Messrs It jrcouibc and Clark,and an ingenious cooking apparatus shown by Mr. W. A. Pratt, for which" the in ventor obtained a prize. The following is the award list:—. Mechanical appliances, machines, or model?, brooxe medal, Mrs. Bond, gas-heating iron; hjn's., B. Cole, hydraulic organ -bl>wer; W. A. K. West-Brskiue, model room-cooler and model breakwater; Morcombe &; Clark, folding top for waggonette; W. A. Pratt, cooking apparatus. ABTI3ANS' PRIZES. The exhibits ot South Australian workman ship in this department are tolerably nimerou*, and show much improvement in several branches of industry. The castings and forging* in iro:i mid other metals are very creditable productions. In this department Messrs W. G. Haylock and B. Cameron, jun., were the most successful competitors. There are some elegant specimens of woodwork, among which two inlaid oak j tables, manufactured by Mr. Charles Matte are . the most worthy of praise, being excellent in ! design, and beautifully finished. The exhibits i of lace aud work in other textile tabrirs i *bow much taste in those by whom they { vrre contributed, aud the embroidery dis- j pj?}r«i by various competitions is oxwuU'd in « ; manner that calls for hi^h enlogy. It is satis- \ factory to find that the prizes offered io this section of the Exhibition has succeeded in bringing oat so much talent. •• Small is the i wortii of beauty from the light retired," and . too Chamber or Manufactures and the Agri cultural Society deserve credit for bidding it to come forth, and " suffer itself to be admired " j Moreover, the offering of prizes for artisans' ! work not only has the effect of calling into i prominence what local talent is at present in : existence, but of encouraging workman to im- • prove on what they have already effected. I: ' is to be hoped that so pleasing a feature of the '■ general Exhibition will be preserved in future i ishow*. The award lint is as follows: — | Best specimen of work in gold, silver, copper ! or other metal, bronze medal, L. Lamb bath; ■' hm , W. A. Pratt, brass lantern. Specimens j ornamental lestherwork, bronze medal, Miss A. Uujlock ; Ilcl, MUs E. Belcher; h.m.. Miss A. H. Chapman. Four entries. Best specimen ' work in textile fabrics, silver medal. Miss Ada Li"i;ht, point lace. bronze medal. Miss S. Kay, ' smbroiserj ; brot;«e medal, Miss Kav, tatting - - Ji.iu.-6, Mrs. V. Hall, Mrs. Seville, Mrs. Pass- j mode. Miss Adamxm, Mi>s Light. Ten entri?. "Patchwork <}uilc-mafcui<,' deserves to 6e ea counged, especially by cottagers." Bast sp rci- \ men woodwork, ££, Chas. Matte, otV in!ai<! ' tables; £1, A. McKenzic. flower stand, lie* t-r*citncD6 in sheet metal or wire, h.m.. ' W. A. Pratt, octagonal wiudow frame iv j zinc. "Workmanship fair." Best specimen ; of forging off the hammer, h.m., K. j I Camerou. jun. " Good ordinary work.' * , Be?t specimen engine-fitters' work, showing ' tkitful aanipuiatious. Two entries. Noawar.i. ' Best specimen of iron castings, h.m., W. G. ' Ha.} lock ; hjn.. Mail & Morris. Best specimen br^ss castings brocze medal, R. Hutchinson ; ; h.m., W. G. Haylock. Best specimen easting any metal, bronze medal, W. G. Haylock. ! Two entries. Carving in stone, or modelling in ' clay, plaster, or other material, £2, J. Bichards, jun. " The two exhibits being evidently the work of the same hand, have been classed to- : getber, and have awarded the highest nun ai- I lowed. The work evidently of an amateur, exhibiting great patdeuoe. We have also in [ sported the bust carved in Manoora stone (not for competition), in which the likeness to the subject, E. Chapman, Esq., is veil preserved.*' Painting, ornamental or otherwise, silver medal, Fraser k Hughes ( painting and gilding on glass) b.m.. Miss Fitzpatrick. "We caunot reeoguisu exhibite as stained glass; other entry unworthy.' NBCHAMCAL AM) HATKBKATICAJ. DCAWUTii A!TD DBatOKB. The collection ot arcniMcimal designs is not a large, but at the same time a very fair one. An artistic design, shown by Mis* U. Belcher, ;is deserving of more than ordinary praise. It U a ' table-top designed as a chessboard, the material being white velvet marked out with gilt braid, and the squares being beautiful specimens ot poonah painting. A chair cover, in the same style of art, is also shown by Mis?Belcher. The colon are beautifully arranged, and both ex ! hibita are imosg the most creditable works of | art shown throughout the whole Exhibition, i The design in each case is a floral oue. ! Architectural drawing, £3, C. S. Horaa | brook; £3. J. W. Lockwood. "No. 2 (Hor nabrook) is the best specimen of draughts manship. No. 1 the next best. In con sideration, however, of the latter being an original drawing and tiie former a copy, we recommend that the total amount of prizes, Ist and 2nd, bu divided equally bet«reeu th competitors as above. So other drawings worthy of mention." Artistic designs in i-ou nection with the industrial arts, £1, Miss K. Btrlcher table top; £2, Miss K. Belcher, chair cover. Mechanical drawings, £2,8. Quiutrull; £1, li. Cameron. Four entries. SCHOOL*. There is not a very Urge display in thi« division. TLe specimen* of needlework and em broidery show good handiwork, but the collec tions of drawings are ociy passable. All the exhibit* are the work of children attending school. Perhaps the best featnrc of the exhibi tion is a beautiful specimen of carving in woo 1 shown by Master Willie Tuekw.a boy only ten jean of age. The following is the list of tlia awards: — Drawing, hjn., Miss Brown; h.m., M<i«t<-r Brown. Plain needlework, 7s. <kJ , Mt^u H. Glover, darning. Fancy needlework ami em broidery, T«. Od., Miss Wren, Macrame lacu; .3.., Eliza fcerty, age five yean, pinoauliion—" De serving of special notice;" b.oi^ Kose Bercj-, pincushtons, &c.; Wbodcarring, fretwork, .to., £1, Jlast< r Willie Tucker, «ge ten years, fret- ' work. " Exceedingly goo J for a lad teu years ' of *ge.v : ixjb fxiiiitnxins rsDEU 21 veaps ok aor. ! In this department there U some cipital j wotk ebown. The paintings, however, da not form on the whole a very creditable collection. In the class for a view near Adelaide iv water-colors there are three \ or four extraordinary productions. One re- .: prcscuts a ruined castle, which certainly does ' not exist uear Adelaide, and probably nowhere i eke; while the other pieturos show torses, | trees, sl:ipi> f waves, and skies which can liave no ! likeness in the heavens above, the earth be- ' neaib, or the watns under the earlii. The fol lowing U the libt of awards: — Painting in water-color from nature uear Ade laide. Three entries. No award. Chalk or pencil i drawing, li.iv., Miss F. A. Uall. Tbr«e entries. ' Gentlemen's shirt to be made, washed, and ! ironed by the exhibitor, £1, Mitts Nita Barker, age 12. Best six buttonholes on linen, h.m., Mia Nita Barker. "It ia to b«- r^retted that in so useful a class as this there are not mare competitors. The Judges regret particularly that schools should not have more largely re cognised the facilities offered by this Exhibition for the development of this industry." Loaf home-made bread, Hte., Miss Ella Barker, aged 10 years. Plain family cake, tun., Miss Clara Barker, aged 16 years. JclKIEb. The following is the list of Judges who officiated in the several divisions of the South Australian Industries and Manufactures. Agricultural implements — Hon. Thomas Hogarth, Messrs. B. W. Pitts, W. Fergusaon, W. Blake, S. Davenport, aud James Clark. Tobacco, food, tallow, soap, and candles- Messrs. George Morgan, \Vm. Wliyte, aud O. Wood. Fine site—Bey. F. W. Cox, lion. A. Camp bell, Messrs. A. Abrahams, J. H. Biggs, aud I. S. Crawford. Paper, printing, bookbinding, &c;—Messrs. D. Gall, J. Williams, and E. SpiUer. Scientific instruments, jewellery, clocks, watches, &c.;—Hon. A, Campbell, Messrs. H. C. Mais.C. Todd,CJLG., and T. D. Smeaton. Furniture, &c-;,and basketwork—Messrs. G. B. Debney and W. H. Selway. Skins, furs, &c;—Meesrs.S. Davenport, G. W. Goyder.and B, B. Knnckey. Tents, kc.—Messrs. Goyder and Kaackey. Models, &c;, engiuefitten' work, machined and macbinerv, forgiog-off hammer—Messrs. D. B. Adamson and L. Grayson. Sheet- metal work—Messrs. H. Netttebedt, W.£hcdes,and A. W. Dobbie. Cutlery and castings, cooking aud ventilating apparatus, galvanized ironware. &c.;—Messrs. 11\. Nettlebeck, McMjub, G. Anderson, and A. W. Dobbie. Windmills, pumps, tec— Messrs. S. Daven port, D. B. Adamson, P. Waite, and G. W. Goyder. Carriages, tramcara, &c.;—Messrs. W. Thow, Geo. liarlow, L. Maraun, a-id J. Hill. Harness and saddlery—Messrs. Geo. Barlow, J. Hill, and Jno. Mullen. Painting -H.G. Nash and Jas. Fraser.1 Woodwork aud artistic designs—Messrs. J. Duncan and P. Gay. Carving and modelling —Messrs. Hugh Fraser and W.McMinn. Mechanical drawings—Messrs. W. Thow, E. W. Pitts, D. B. Adamson, and F. May. Architectural drawings —Messrs. G. T. Light and W. MnMinw. Collection natural history—Sfesirs. G. W. Goyder, F. G. Waterhonse, and X.. Kuuckev. Millinery, costumes, &c.;—Hesdames \V. J. | Crawford, Mahoney, and W. Barlow. Ornamental ieatherwork and textile fabric-, amateur class; fancy needlework, pupils of schools, and plain needlework, all juvenile section—Mesdames A. Campbell and A. I. Uagarey, and Miss Stanes. THBBVHKtHO. There was a very large attendance iv the evening, and the exhibits attracted a consider able amount of attention, tt was estimated that 13,000 visited the Shew, and the receipts amounted to £680 3s. 6d. The fruits, flowers, vegetables, wheat, and .dairy produce are to be taken to-day, the machinery and implements remaining. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. I Fibst Day—Wbdkesd.it, FauacA?r 29. ! The third annual Ooutercocc of the Bible i Christian Church iu South Australia coot- I mi-uct-d its sittings iu the Young-street Chapei on Wednesday, February 2<J, at 8 a.m. Toe ' Conference was composed of 25 miuUtera aud | 20 rcpretentatives. The proceedings were com- I meuued by kinging a hymn, after which toe ' Ket's. J. Roberts sad IV. Kichardi engaged iu ■ prayer. Alter the meeting had been properly consti tuted it pro&eded; to the election of a President. A considerable amount of time was spout iu : ditcubf ing the question as to how the Prd-iideut should be ejected, some being iu favor of open ! \otiug, others of ballot without nominations, I Bui o:htr> of nomination and ballot. It was ' iltt iiknl that the candidate* be nominated, and ' Uie eitctiuu be by ballot. Toe Keys. J. Trewin, J. reefer, aud \V. Kichardb were then nomi- 1 bated. Xlie result of toe ballot was as follows • —J. Trewiu, 15; J. Foster, 4; \V. Kieharda, 5. i The newly-elected Pjuisidknt, on being can- I ducted to the chair, t>aid he was somewhat ■. ' overcome witii the honor they had bestowed j ; upon him,and be bad no prepared speech. He | i had never Aspired to connexion*! honor, nor • ; sought office. He would not Bay that he had ' I not been ambitious. He had been ambitious to I | be a good minister of Jeaoo Christ, and to give 1 i full proof of hU ministry. He felt thankful [ j that bis health had been sufficiently restored to ■• '. accept the honor of the presidency. There was ' I a time —but a few years back—when he was at ! death's door, but God had mercifully raised ! ] him up again to the full work of ! the ministry. Nothinp should be cutting [ .on his part to mite the Conference . : a mo** successful one. He had every , I confidence in his brethren, aud that he would I have the sympathy aud help, uot only of those who had voted for him but thuse wh>? hai u> ' If they would be Tery puactuml la t:u-u- a: I tendance, and pay st? ict attention to the variola : sabjecta brought them they wouli ai u , him and save a conriderablo amount of tim*-. I The Kev. VT. Kiehards was unanimously ! elected Secretary. The Bev. J. Stoyol ws> I elected Journal Secreiary, and the K*.. \Y. \Y Fiscb Duplicate Secretary. It nv fonn-l «•> b | no easy matter to obtain iuitible repjr; -ri fir . the Prea. ronebeiug- willing aud *otne tin :iV., •to derote the necessary time to the wors. I; , was resolved- **That tte daily pap-rs auk - ' their own arrangements for the rv;w>rtiog of the : r<rocee<]in£s of this Conference." ! Tbe following resolution of thanks to the Bx ! Proudest was roost heartily adopted by the ' ' Conference: —" That tbe most cordial ?-h?t?lrc o f ' this CocfercDce be presented to the Ex-I'reai- , : dent for the efficient and genial manner in which he bat discharged the duties of hi* office : during Use past year, and that he be reqaeste J to take bis seat on tbe platform during the sittings of this Conference.** The Ex-Pcisi?BlfT (the Key. Tho?. H:l!maa) taid be felt grateful to them for their expres eicd of satisfaction with him. The year had brt-n a moderately prosperous oue. There hul been but little friction, and he hoped this ?uc ces?io& would have a very prosperous year. The hearty thank* oi the Conference were also 1 prtttnteJ to the ex-Secretary for his services during the year, i In going through the ministerial list it was a matter of tbankfulacca that the livus of all the ministers had been spared' mud their Christian : character maintained; also, that the taper i annuated mtnii-~tets had been u?fful in helping on tbe work of God according to their strungtb. : One of these brethren has mattered a severe loss in the death of bis wife. Toe following resolu tion was adopted:—" That we rejoice that our superannuated brethren hare been easbled to largely aoist as in our work of faith and labor of love. AVe take this opportunity of expressing our deep sympathy with lir. Way, because of the great lon* he has rastained in tbe death of hi* beloved wife, and pray that he may have gra x> to cheer him during the remainder of liirt pil grimage." In the evening the official sermon to the Can- ference was preached by the Rev. O. Lake. It was an able and most appropriate discourse. The text was taken from Luke, second chapter and former part of the 30th verse. The Sacra- ment of the Lord's Supper was administered to the members of the Conference and also mem- bers of the Church at Young-street. 