CEOR (VBOM OUR OWN OOBHESPONDEFT.) llsoember va. Tbe embassy be departed by the B-M.S. Assam, sod a very ' large' number of mem- bere wenton board to bid Mr. Berry and Mri Feareon good-bye. : The £5000 taken from thsTreaenrv wtUetmble them to enjoy a epree in- London— Hyde 'Park by day, and the ooal-hole by night. '' ' Another embssty wis cantemplated ny a number of wags, who pat tbtir money together for Mr.' Henderson, the black debt- collector, who' wonld stand for days at a debtor's till paid, bnt for years has given grest attention to politios j and it was- resolved to send him home by the steamer which fol lowed. Berry, but the agent of the F- endO. tiomniny DEQ BOmeuilO£ . ftftj ui iuo ajahv tar. He had the dignity .of tbe Compsny to proteot, and he informed Mr. Henderson that A passage could not be provided., for him by the' Assam, -or spy of the -other -steamers of tbe Company. - r- 1 There never was atiptein Mejf»nrnep even in the present "deprersed State nf matters when mors and better-paid work fo given to women and girls then at pfwent. YlU see tbem crowding from Btnerald Hill in the early giving thejr time-day to jfce. wofk tod orSVding borne "again Id thii evening. This is a good thing foi the gitle, for the work la much .more respectable then that offered in the old aawihg-machihe establish ments. The theatres are nightly crowded to see tbe pantomimes. These are 11 fine. At the Royal; Jack the Giant Killer tas beenrevived, bnt Mr. Coppin takes the thing coolly at Sorrento, where ha suffera his osusl attack ol gont and oontaotabimsdf'witba biatoty of the week's work, famished to him regular) y byMr. Cavensgb, who has cuargeqf the bostoos ar rangements of the theatre. At tbe Academy of Mneio tbe greet attraction is "King Arthur," who it personated by 'MissSoasj; whose portrait on the walls is attractive, bring tite full, length portrait of a ben drome woman, with' limbs sod body of the finest shape. At the Athetsom Mr. D'Arcy Keid baa given e ghost pantomime' of a most re markable character— one of his beet things, yet It ie no doubt quite right .tbtt tbe Mel bourne and Hobeon'e Bey Company shooliL run trains every two or three tnindue to ac-' commodate the 8x Kilda tod Emerald Hdl traffio, bat it does it with each a beetle that great confusion ie canted tolthe tr.ffiq of the,; titodridge road by tbexMneteptifosinguf the gates to allow tbe trains to psss, On that road the new line'of 'bashes pasaAnd re-pa at all hours ; from early honrs lu the moroing to hoora tbey are,alwayafaliofa«eyn- , gefa, tod '-minit he a 'rate todros Iff revenue' to the MelDourne umntone vpmpany. ; The Metropolitan Comj®"? Vt at pre sent in serioo tnhplation over, tie anousl election of the Board of Directors. -Three , of the old memben retire; and three -new chae are to be pnih'inaWl, one' iff them; being Henry 'Moore, a thorough Yorkahireman, who . knbwe well bow to stick to bis money. Mr. John Scott,' the eecrttary dore jiot apparently , nmd'dle in .this rieriion, but 'no. doubt .hie secret ioflueoce will be frit inrit The Bsard is too numeKtUB at present, Snd ah effort is to- be made to reduce ita number Irom tepfo six, to make itimore workable ' : The Ape IB agafh publishing the certified returns cf its cireulsf)on;7 A, fef, yeare seo it was over 37,000, but now it wnnly a trifle over 35,000 per day.- Dr. Beaney is still esjoying his holiday in London, and is sddibg greatly to bis infor mation on tbe eubjeot of the tnsnagemeut of h"ipitfllt. 7 shell be glad to see him beck in bis old establishment jn CqUine-street, and ae. be was fond of orderiug' etimulaDta to patienta he well pe for himself, I hope, to in faimi ditoeneing famous -Sootob whiskey to faP did before.. Before .hie departure he was tnakingabout £50,000 a year with his Isuoet, aud i have fip dimbt he .will doubl that. figure soon after hi return. '. A eon of Mr. B. C. Aqiinall, the onoe eminent barrister, is how in'ths Bank cf Victoria, under the eye of Mr. ,John Mate-. son, the heat of banker. The yonng man- tried to settle, npon a etation.in Qaeeorisod, but after a year and a half fierionnd the heat. too great for him, and returned to Mriboume and tbe bank. 7 Tasmania is oelebrated for one thmg-iie fsmous Csscsdo sis. Every steamer from" Hobart Town takes a supply" to Melbsnrne and 8ydoey, wbere it xa-mooh.tno after, aome public housea mskipg it a specisl feature in tbeir trade. The submarine osble bas again become disturbed, -owing to tbebsceiaity of etraogth- ening tbe shore end in Jays. - Thia ie greatly .to.be regretted beoause it Stops for thelaine tbe regalBr trahsmiesion.of - news from Lou don and tbe Cuntintmt. ; ' In these holiday, times, the steamers haVe been crowded with exmumoniate at very cheap rats : The. otoamer Dawii, the oth-r day, .-took, down to Gerioeg about 2000 grown pereone wt eixpenoe -per head, and ahildren at threepence. Other steamers took down the Bsy, for-various point-, etiU greater number " . it ia aright to see Cobb's coaches loading tbe mailt for all parts iff tbe country -on news paper day The Argus, Age, Australasian, and -Leader-go in immense- comber, -fining - waggons, which take1 the i>ackge from tbe offices to the coachex : On these' vehicle! , the. parcels were packed A toil the - coach ' itself looked like nothing eomuch ae -an animated xtewspapec. 