MELBOURNE. (from our. owjt correspondent. ) JFriday Evening. Although extraordinary measures were taken that every word of the Maldon oracle should be pickled for posterity, Mr Sendee's soda-water, when uncorked last night, proved to be flat. The speech has not excited the slightest interest beyond that feeling of disappointment which has dashed the hopes of his party and forced them to grumble unwisely ; and its only eflect has been to wean from, the small band of moderates one of its few" ad herents, who is now more than ever ear nest in his protestations of fidelity to those reform principles which suffered a temporary eclipse in consequence of his uncertainty as to the direction of the saltatory cat. The Railway Department, as I explained yesterday, is very scantily supplied with rolling stock to meet emergencies. Not withstanding this, the Railway Depart ment intend to make an effort to accom modate all possible travellers on the Queen's Birthday, not as before, at holi day excursion .fares, about equivalent to a fare and a tenth, but at Saturday excur sion rates, equal to about a fare and a half. These rates will take effect at all stations. The Crown Law Department have de cided upon further steps against the per sons who acted in prominent capacities in connection with, the recent prize fight. Presentments have been filed against them in the Criminal Court for con spiracy to bring about a prize fight, and notice of trial will be at once served upon them for Monday next, the 19th instant. On that day they will have to appear to answer the charge preferred, and will, in all probability, be held to bail- to await their trial. The fish salesmen of Melbourne liave issued a pamphlet defending themselves against the charge of monopoly, and quoting freight charges to show that tho cost of conveyance by rail from Gipps land to Melbourne is the chief difficulty of the local fishermen. An article which'*' recently appeared in the Gcelong Adver tiser has been adopted by them as mate rially helping to explain their existing relations with the public, and I am in formed a large number of copies have been purchased by the trade and for warded to their 'sympathisers in England and the colonies. The opening of the railway to Queensclifl'e will probably have the eflect of diverting much of' the sea and bay supply direct to the country towns in the Western District, and re move the necessity of its passing through Melbourne. Messrs Shaw and Thomas' machine for the extermination of rabbits has been completed, and is now ready for nse; and the Government intend trying the first experiment with it in the St. Arnaud district. The apparatus has been several times tested, and is now believed to be fully effective for its work; while the inventors claim the additional advantage, that while it destroys the life of the rab bits, it leaves , them available for human food, and that it can be readily applied to the _ extermination , of the phylloxera vastatrix in vines without injuring tho plants. Tenders were; opened to-day by the Railway Department for the supply of 10,000 redgum sleepers and 1000 lineal feet of crossing timber. Eight tenders were received, but they were all referred to the officers of the Department'for re port. At tho Criminal Court to-day, J. A. M. Hall was placed upon his trial for having shot at and'wounded a girl named Gil more, at Williams town, on the 11th March last. After a short retirement, the jury found the prisoner guilty, and his Honor Judge Molesworth sentenced him to three years' imprisonment, with hard labor. A deputation from the Victorian Humane Society waited on the Acting Chief Secretary this afternoon. The ob ject of the deputation was to ask the Go vernment to bring in a bill to compel cap tains of vessels to carry more efficient life preserving apparatus than they do at pre sent. Sir Bryan O'Loglden, in reply, said the matter hardly came under tho province of Ids department, but he ap proved of rhe proposal, and would con sult his colleague the Minister of Customs as to the desirability of complying with their request. " Professor Pepper," the Home Heics states, " has accepted an engagement in the Australian colonies, for tho purpose of showing the inhabitants of the Antipodes a new mystical illusion that he has just per fected, and which he says will rival in popu larity his famous 'Ghost.' At the request of the directors of tho Royal Polytechnic, Professor Pepper has promised before leaving England to devote ono week to showing his invention at the Polytechnic Institution." 