LETTERS TO 1UI EOITOR. ' THE BATTLE OF ISANDULA. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sin, — It is at best but an ungracious task to disturb a beautiful myth, more especially one which, without needing any slow process of ages for its development, is suddenly ' evolved from the inner consciousness ' of gushing writers, and springs up like the gourd of the Prophet in a single night. In your issue of last Saturday you published some very spirited stanzas extracted from a poem by Eobert Buchanan on tho battle of Isandula. Being much struck by the verses, I felt desirous of learning further particulars of the event which they purposed to immortalize. Accordingly, I turned to a file of Homo papers, when my attention was arrested by an article- in that unimpeachable organ of English opinion, the Saturday Review, on Isandula. I soon found that the battlo as seen by the coldly critical and common sense reviewer, presented an entirely different aspect to that which it assumed when viewed through tho medium of a ' poet's eyes in a fine frenzy rolling.' Alas ! as I read on, tho impromptu legend 'vanished, ghost-like, into air,' and Isandula, instead of being a modern Thermopylae, exhibited a most humiliating re semblance to ' Bull's Run.' Let your readers judgo for themselves. The writer in the Satur day Review, after giving a detailed account of tho attack ©n tho English camp, thus continues : — There was a fight of some sort, and a great many of our men were killed ; so it is coolly stated, not only without evidence, but in the teeth of evidence, that there had been an heroic stand- made, and that our men had sold their lives desperately, fighting as only Englishmen can fight, and more to tho same purpose. It is quite evident that, in reality, there was a general panic and skedaddle. (The italics arc mine.) At first the troops showed front, although they seem to have been not very judiciously handled ; but after they were thrown into confusion by tho native contingent breaking through them, tho officers in vain endeavoured to rally them ; it was a case of ? sauve qui peut. * * * ' The two officers ?whoso bodies were recovered with tho fragments of the regimental colours were apparently among the drowned. Far be it from us to imply that there is any discredit in an officer or any one else running off the field of battle when his men will not stay, but there is nothing heroic in doing ? , so ; tho heroic would have been to stay on the field and be killed in defending them.' I am, sir, Yours, &c;, DIOGENES. 