Music and the Drama in London. ii. LONDON, Jan. 17. In previous letters I have told you of Mr. Irving s ambitious project for elevating the tone of the dramatic stage by establishing a dramatic school. In pursu ance of this design Mr. Irving took over the sole management of the Lyceum Theatre, got together a company whose mission it should be to play a series of the best English dramas on the Lyceum boards ; and launched out unsparingly in respect to costumes and scenery and theatre appointments, behind and before the stage. The composition of the company was somewhat disappointing, for, although some good names appeared in the list, the artists, as a body, were not regaraea as aumcienuy eiruug ui icpreacuuatLTc to realise what their leader sought. At the same time the difficulties to be encountered in drawing together into one harmonious whole a dozen or so of the leading actors and actresses -of the day, were recog nised, and Mr. Irving received substantial encourage ment in his first step. He reopened his theatre with ' Hamlet ' on December 30, and so deep was the public interest in his undertaking that, when the curtain rose, the house was literally crammed from pit to gallery with an audience of a critical and decidedly superior order. It was a 'great night' in every respect. Mr. Irving' s Hamlet, always good, surpassed his previous efforts in this trying part. The impersonation was intellectual and artistic in the highest degree, much more finished than when he last assumed the role, and much less marked by individual peculiarities which his greatest admirers had been obliged to admit as defects in bis previous performances. At tbe same time he received remark ably able support from the Ophelia of Miss Ellen Teny, who displayed an appreciation of and a capacity to interpret the character which fell little short of perfection. In the pathetic and mad scenes she was at her best, and the story goes that, with a view to the success she ultimately achieved, Miss Terry had on more than one occasion studied the manners, expressions, and habits of the inmates of a lunatic asylum. 'Whether that was actually the fact I will not pretend to say, but the realisticity of her performance certainly favoured the story. The other parts were thoroughly well presented, notably those of the King (Mr. Forrester), Polonius (Mr. Chippendale), the Queen (Mis6 Pauncefort), and the Ghost (Mr. Mead) ; but everything depended upon Mr. Irving and Miss Terry, and upon them all attention was concentrated. Their performance was watched with the keenest interest by an assemblage embracing all the principal critics and authorities on dramatic matters, and at the close they (and their colleagues) were rewarded with plaudits of unsurpassable enthusiasm. Coining from such an audience, this emphatic verdict was un questionable ; and although here and there the sternest criticism might point out blemishes, nightly crowds have distinctly endorsed the judgment passed on the first night. If Mr. Irving succeeds in main taining anything like the same high standard of art in his future productions, he will realise, far more than anyone has expected, his commendable and lofty ambition. But this we have vet to see. One of the smallest and most out-of-the-way 'West End theatres is the Prince of Wales's, and yet, if we would enjoy comedy in its most charming and perfect form, it is to the Prince of Wales's we must go. It is now many years since Mrs. Bancroft (then Miss Marie Wilton) commenced her reign here, but ever since that event this theatre has been the recognised home of comedy of the highest character, more especially with the works of the late Mr. Tom Robert son. Perhaps the most successful play ever pro duced here was that author's delightful comedy, 'Caste;' but after its revival, seven or eight years ago, it was ignored by Mrs. Bancroft, until last Saturday, when it was once more disinterred. So ably was ' Caste ' played in 1871, that those who then saw it have ever since identified it with the company who then performed, but after 60 long an interval, new faces were inevitable. Hence, although Mrs. Bancroft, George Honey, and Mr. Bancroft, reappear in their old parts, Miss Foote, Mr. Coghlan, and Mr. Hare, are replaced ; Mrs. Bancroft is again the merry and arch, but tender, Polly we so well remember ; Mr. Honey's rendering of the drunken, sycopnantisn J&ccies;, ana M.r. iJancrott s drawling, easy-going, good-natured Captain Hawtree, are perfect revivals. As Esther Eccles, Miss Amy Roselle worthily takes the place of Miss Foote, espe cially in the pathetic scene, where, overpowered with grief, she strives to buckle on her husband's (D' Alroy's) sword as be leaves her for India ; and Mr. Cecil (an actor who during the last three years has advanced rapidly in his profession) is an excellent substitute for Mr. Hare as honest Sam. Gerridge. The Marquise, which Mrs. Leigh Murray rendered so effectively years ago, is now represented with marked ability by Miss Le Thierre, and with the advantage of elaborate mounting, the company have more than maintained the unique reputation of this bijou theatre. Having referred to the Court Theatre, as one of the exceptions to the general opening on Boxing Night, I may mention that it was re-opened a week ago with ' A Scrap of Paper,' Mr. Palgrave Simpson's ingenious version of Sardon's ' Les Pattes de Mouche,' and Mr. Coghlan's adaptation of 'LaPartie de Piquet,' familiarly known as 'A Quiet Rubber.' Both are old friends, and only remarking that they form, together, an agreeable entertainment, I will pass on to the only other theatrical incident requiring notice. After a brief revival of ' La Marjolaine,' a comedy, in many respects repugnant to English tastes, Miss liate Santley presented to patrons of the Royalty Theatre in Soho, an original and cleverly-written parady of the time-honoured story of ' Cinderella,' in the form of a comedy illustrative of human nature as we find it now-a- days. The modern Cinde rella is Lottie, the youngest daughter of the impecunious Sir Lawrence Lackacre, and the ill-treated, neglected, drudge of her two proud, and ambitious older sisters. The fairy assumes the shape of a wealthy Anglo-Indian (Major Mortimer), who, disguising himself first as his own man of busi ness, and subsequently as a ruined man, learns the true character of the three girls, and eventually chooses as his wife the despised little drudge — just as the Prince in the legend makes ' Cinderella' his choice. The idea is not over brilliant, but it is skil fully worked-out, and the comedy, being also well played, serves well enough to amuse easily-pleased 'audiences. Rambling on about the theatres, I have left myself but limited space for the other descriptions of amuse ment of which your readers like to hear. Luckily there is little to say in any other direction, for while Covent Garden and Drury Lane are engaged with pantomime, her Majesty's has been closed since December 21, and the usual Christinas interval in the concert performances has not yet terminated, except in one or two instances. The Monday Popular Concerts ('Monday Pops' as we called them) and the ' Saturday Pops ' were resumed last week, hut no special feature has yet been presented. In a week or two the rivals to this series will be all astir again, and on the 27th of this month Mr. Carl Roza and his talented operatic company will take possession of her Majesty's theatre pending the return of Mr. Mapleson's company for the usual opera season. The Carl Roza company perform in English versions of French and Italian works, |and will begin on Monday week with W agner's 'Rienzi,' which has never yet been presented to us in our own language. The company consists of 22 principal vocalists, and possesses a repertory of 32 operas. The Queen's Theatre in Long Acre — originally built for the production of high-class music, then transformed into. a religious meeting hall, and sub sequently metamorposed into a theatre — has, after numerous vicissitudes and failures, been sold for con version to a co-operative store. Mr. Sims Reeves has not yet recovered from the indisposition which interrupted his recent English opera performances ; and Mr. John Clark, the popular comedian, is dangerously ill. Having endeavoured to keep you posted-up in the principal dramatic events from month to month, I have not attempted anything like a retrospect of the past year. By way, however, of indicating the extent of theatrical amusements during 1878 I may mention that no less than 155 new pieces were pro duced up to the close of the year at the various metropolitan theatres — of which, by-the-way, there have been 45 in actual working order. Of this large number the Vaudeville was the only one at whicn no new piece was presented. 