THE TRAVELLER. DUGONG FISHING IN QUEENSLAND- NO. VII.—" THE ABORIGINES " By VIATOR. The introduction of the "aboriginals," as it is customary to call them here, into these papers needs no apology. They are a promi- bent feature and an "institution" at the dugong fishery in Hervey's Bay ; and the picture of the life that I am depicting would be incomplete without their presence. "Billy," to most people, is an unsavoury rascal, especially when he comes between the wind and their nobility. To fastidious eyes he is often offensive. He has a trick of obtruding, his nude body, with its many odors, at wrong seasons and places, in a way that invariably disgusts the stranger unaccustomed to the the world of which I am writing, is not half a bad fellow ; and when seen in the bush, his na- tural habitat, where grog is impossible, and so- briety is not a virtue, he displays many excel- lent qualities of which his detractors, who judge of him as they see him in town slouching through the streets in a chronic state of dissipation, have not the slightest idea. Like most Englishmen who come out to these colonies I landed with very imperfect in- formation about the people and the country that I was coming to, although in England I had flattered myself that I had been perfectly "crammed" on all things Australian. John Bull is unquestionably fully twenty years be- hind time in his knowledge of Australia. Of that I think there can be little doubt. A large proportion of Englishmen derive what little knowledge they possess of this country from books,— such boots as " Geoffrey Hamlyn," " The Hillyars and Burtons," " His Natural Life," and others that depict life in the convict and bushranging days — all very, good books in their way, but sad guides to the stranger who desires a glimpse of the present condition of this flourishing continent. Australia, to most Englishmen, has never been other than a place beyond seas, where shiploads of needy emigrants are despatched periodically ; a country somewhere under the Southern Cross, where convicts, and squatters, and diggers, most do congregate but, when a well-informed man, such as the ; Earl of Beaconsfield, describes from his place in Parlia- ment the wealthy Australian as a man. " who finds a nugget, or shears a thousand flocks, " the ignorance of the masses can scarcely - be wondered at. ''Perhaps, however, the recent visits of the Tricketts, the Spofforths,' Banner- mans and Boyles will have disseminated a little needful enlightenment on this head. The dear old mother country has a habit "of Ignoring the prowess and' pretensions 'of her children that is quite exasperating ' to the offspring. But hit John Bull hard, and he will respect you. Thrash him on his own ground," and at his own games, and he will say that you are a " deuced plucky fellow," and will esteem both yourself and your coun- try for ever after. My early notion of the "abo- riginal," and I was not singular by any means, was that of a gibbering, idiotic savage, but little removed from the monkey, who was for ever associated with boomerangs and corroborees. When as a schoolboy I saw Dic-a-Dick and his confreres make the tour of the English cricket fields, that notion received a perceptible shock, as I have a very distinct recollection of the manner in which I envied that nimble gentle- man his many curious accomplishments. When years afterwards ill health brought my foot- steps to Australia, and I witnessed in the early part of 70 a team of natives and half-castes from Coranderrk stand up to the Calithum- pians at cricket on the South Melbourne ground, that notion was shattered to the verv ground. There was very little of the monkey about " Burringur" and " Boorin-garra," and their. countrymen. One or two of the natives had a curious frontal development, it is true, I mi1 tle they were a respectable lot of fellows, with no more of the savage about them than the average civilised American negro captain was a pleasant fellow I p;n o spoke fair English, and on reflection I I m"16 t0 conclusion that I had seen far more villanous and savage-looking dar- kies in 'Ratcliffe Highway than those who were then cantering gaily between the wickets before me at Albert Park. Since that period I have travelled much in Australia and seen a great deal of the aborigines in different parts of the continent. In the interior of Queens- land, where the type is very low, 1 have often I m»n r j enaz'nS on the miserable speci- I u-? of 'u;maD»ty before me, that the books I "PJUu'' - Set.her 60 very far out> and that "Billy" in the interior is a very inferior fel- low indeed. All along the coast I found a marked improvement in type and condition, but so far as my experience goes, the pas and pride of place for physique and mental calibre must, unquestionably, be accorded to the aborigines that inhabit the country known as the Wide Bay and Burnett district. Here, " Billy" and heis compatriots, though " dying out, sir, like rotten sheep," as an old settler informed me, are still numerous ; and in the early days of the settlements proved themselves terribly ugly customers to the pioneer and the wandering timber-getter. Travellers often say that the tribes on the Palmer gold fields are the finest and boldest of all the tribes in Australia, an assertion which I cannot of my own personal knowledge deny, as my wanderings have not extended so far north as the Palmer, But I question very much — and I shrewdly suspect that the main body of old Queenslanders are on my side — whether they can at all compare with the formidable Wide Bay blacks when in their prime. Judicious "dispersals" have by this time thinned the ranks and tamed the spirit of the latter, and all the batteries which the white man's civilisation brings to bear upon their race have now rendered them powerless where they once were all powerful. In those early days, long before Queensland had a name, when this part of the country be longed to New South Wales, and formed the outpost of civilisation in the north, they were a name of terror to the pioneers; who often had to defend their property with their lives. It is not so very long ago since I was shown at a station on the coast' -some rusty old 'firearms' and some iron' handcuffs corroding with blood stains. To my inquiry, " Seen any service the exhibitor grimly replied, "They were brought for service, and not for show : (ex talionis was the law in those days you know,' and ' the niggers, when they proved troublesome, were shot down like so many rabbits in their tracks." To me,the "aboriginal" proved almost as in- teresting as the dugong. I had long wished to see him at his best ; to -watch -his' real nature and inner life, as they -unfolded themselves in the bush, his natural home ; for the blear-eyed scoundrel who in town dogs your footsteps and pester you for a " nobbler" ' is practically' not at all the same individual as the merry, saucy blackfellow : who chops firewood and fetches water for you in the bush, as most bushmen are aware. Drink, the curse and most terrible "enemy of his race, speedily converts the best of the species to the lowest depths of bestiality and besotted savagedom, and I am not alone in the conviction that our conduct out here, as a race, to these poor unfortunate devils, who hap pen to be in our way, is a shame to our boasted Christianity, and a foul blot on the history of the colonisation of this fine country. When first I went to Hervey's Bay, my old original notion concerning "Billy" had begun to return to me gradually, but very surely. My subsequent experience of the noble savage, in the towns and the interior of Queensland, had proved to me that the " Dic- a-Dick" and South Melbourne episodes were not exactly to be considered as fair representations of the condition and capabilities of the Australian aborigines, and I had begun to dislike "Billy" very heartily. Like the American gentleman in " Martin Chuzzlewhit," I felt inclined to say, " Darn all manner of vermin." But after living with him for many months, and watching him au natuvel iiv tlie busli, where I had every opportunity for the formation of a correct judg ment; I': began to like "Billy" amazingly, and recanted, heartily the sweeping condemnation of tlie American gentleman in, at any rate, so far as the aborigines of Hervey and Wide Bay were coucernedi In this paper, it must be un derstood that any remarks will apply to the blackfellows as found them in Herv.ey's Bay ; to their present condition, tlieir habits, customs,1 and traits of character, as they came under my personal observation. ' It would be superfluous, in Australia; to treat of the entire race.-su'ch a ground lias been well' traversed,— buta truth ful picture of the state of a section! — a state that is ever changing! — and the part' they play in certain industries in this colony might- be studied not with disadvantage. The 1 camp; of which I am writing . had seldom a less master than thirty or forty hlackfellows on its out- skirts. ' Those on the regular staff of the fishery had, in addition to the inevitable' gin, generally two or ' three "brothers," or " cousins," " belonging to them," who had somehow to be provided for and utilised in some way or other, while an ever-changing crowd of outsiders lent a hand at a rope, or did sundry odd jobs on occasions, in exchange for the dugong "patter"' and the privilege of camping in the vicinity. The site was an old and a favorite camping-ground witli the aborigines long anterior to the coming of the white man. Blackfellows from Fraser's Island made it their first halting-place on the road to Maryborough, while those from the Burrum, Pialba, Urangan, aud the Bunya scrub made it their last stage when bound for the island. Fresh faces were constantly ' coming and going. Some were simply birds of passage who passed through in a day, bound for some ulterior destination. Many, indolent by nature, attracted like vul tures by the limitless supply of " patter," , quartered themselves on the ground and slept and gorged alternately throughout the' day, doing but as little as possible in return for .tlie good food. Others, again, whose systems re quired recuperation and a change of 'diet after a run of town dissipation, allured by the 'easy life and the well-known recuperative properties of the "young-un," made for the fishery as 'the stag makes for water. Whatever the motives/and they were many, which brought them there, whether they came like vultures, as birds of passage, or broken-down invalids, the result was ever the same — a full representation of the aboriginal element. In case of emaciation I have often been astonished at the extraordi nary results produced by the regular meal of dugong flesh on their wasted frames. The flesh has, of course, a certain percentage of oil, while the tail is composed of gelatine of the purest quality. A blackfellow's digestion is generally in magnificent order, while his appe tite for fats and oils is, to say the least, vora cious. I never was much of a believer in the virtues of the dugong, and tlie curative proper ties of its oil, until I observed their wonderful effect upon the attenuated and sick " aborigi nals." One instance of this land where black- fellows had rapidly passed from emaciation to plumpness, and of which I witnessed dozens, was to me worth a bushel of Queensland " blow." But, strange to say, their wandering habits as a race are incurable, for however comfortable the quarters, even the most staid " aboriginal" in the district seems to have a constitutional aversion to stay long in any one place. The life may be easy, " patter" may be plentiful, it is all the same, he gets tired and wants a change. The pleasures of life in Maryborough, with its frequent "nobblers," rise vividly before liim. He longs for the bustling wharves, the big ship3, the siestas in the sun, until, having worked himself into a state of feverish unrest, he flings his " dilly- bag" over his shoulder, and with his heavily- burdened gin toiling at his heels he marches off to his new destination. I knew a nigger once who with his gin worked at the fishery for eight consecutive months, but this was con sidered quite au extraordinary instance of in dustry — a thing to be made a note of in fact. Some amongst them, when tired of the fishery, - will, when industriously inclined, put in a few weeks occasionally . with their gins, cousins, and brothers that belong to them in clearing scrubs for the German " cockatoos"- of the neighborhood, in return for a bag of flour, a supply of tobacco, and ; a few bottles of bad grog. Much of the scrub around Maryborough has been cleared in this way. The rest of the time Billy usually spends; in- cadging on the wharves and in the streets of Maryborough, until necessity or incli nation shall again direct his steps to tlie camp on tlie coast. When in camp the monotouy of liis life is broken by news of approaching "Boras " and " corroborrees." Runners come and' go: through the woods, the avant couriers of mighty events. The Bundaberg blacks are coming down from the north, the Gympie boys are known to be on the road, the conservative old fellows from Fraser's Island are coming over in shoals every day. They- are concen trating on the chosen locality on the banks of the Burrum, and there is a general flutter amongst the dovecots. Shields, spears and boomerangs are overhauled. " Big fellow fight up close now, my word," lie says with glee, and all is bustle and preparation throughout the encampment. The physical and mental qua lities of tlie Wide Bay blacks are, as travellers have frequently testified, very superior to the average run of Australian aborigines. I have seen some - splendid men amongst them, tall and symmetrical, witli the deep chests and strong limbs of a Hercules. As a general rule Billy is very defective in the lower extre mities. In the majority of cases it must be conceded that these are not things of beauty with him, but the men on tlie coast of Hervey and Wide Bay are - quite remarkable for their immuuity in this particular.- The food supply being ample, nearly all when in their prime are muscular, well developed, and blessed with an unexceptionable pair of supporters. It is only wlion disease ox- old age overtakes -them: that they get angular and attenuated. It is next to" impossible to state with anything like certainty the number of those that are still remaining in the district. There are no statistics to go by; " Tho census which takes note of tlie Polynesian and and Chinaman ignores the poor " aboriginal," and the only information we - possess on the subject is derived from approximate estimates, and shrewd guesses at the truth. But; although disease and death have been very busy with liis fellows, it may safely be stated that the race is still many hundreds strong in the neighbor hood. These are divided into four grand divi sions, which marry aiul intermarry, live amica bly together, and wander in noinadic little groups over their allotted territory ; but whether these divisions are the remnants of distinct tribes, or merely sections of one and the same tribe, all the art of myself and friends was powerless to find out. It is impossible to make tbeni understand what you mean by the word tribe. There is no such term in the language of the district, and some of the oldest inhabitants on the coast, as they informed me, could but hazard a conjecture on the point. Kings and hereditary chieftains they have none. The best performer at a corro- boree, or the one mo3t skilful and daring in the use of the kuife generally finds himself at the head of affairs on great emergencies. Of petty little chiefs, or small leaders, there are any amount, livery little group has its acknowledged head, some one in au thority, who is looked up to, and who has power to control and direct the movements of the in dividual members ; but whether superior prow ess, or family claims, procure liim the position must, I suppose, ever remain amongst the un knowable. They have no system of govern ment, nothinglike legislation for tlie benefitof the whole as weliave ; the ties that bind them together arc those of blood, and race, and old traditions, The laws which regulate the " bora" arid other state ceremonials are still in force, but the complicated and curious set that regulated morality and social life, though at one time very strict, are now seldom enforced. Civili sation is fast breaking down the banders of tlieir old unadulterated life. Their notions with' respect to land are very hazy, but that portions of country are or were allotted to in dividuals and to families, and that such land descended in some way from parent to child is certain. It is a very common thing in the district to hear a blackfellow say, " this" or "that fellow country belong to me," and although land is not so valuable in their eyes as it is in ours, they are very- keen to detect the glorious injustice of English colonisation. " What for whitefellow sit down along black fellow country ?" they sometimes say pettishly. There was a blackfellow in camp who laid claim to the ground on which the fishery stood, but he was a magnanimous .fellow who wouUF barter half the district, if it belonged to him, for a few nobblers. Two brothers also pro fessed to own the neighboring station between them — a claim which , they sometimes urged fractiously until a fig of tobacco or a cut with a stockwhip cut short their eloquence, accord ing to the "humor of it." The family is quite an "institution," and their love of their blood relations is intense. This seemed to me one of tlxe most: pleasing features in their character, "Most of "the members of a family run some danger of destruction during the period of " infancy, but when once that risky season- has been well passed, they become the objects of an affection that ends only with life. The head of the family, whether he be "father-" or " uncle," has consi derable power over the junior members. He avenges their wrongs, gives them away in mar riage, and punishes tlieir indiscretions. Their language is not difficult of attainment, and has been mastered by many men on the coast. "Yengarrie" and "Misticar" were singularly proficient in it. It is not altogether unmusical, and sounded to me like a continuous rattle of R's and T's amongst tho vowels. It is free from sibilants, and, indeed, a harder task could hardly be set the average blackfellow than to ask him to pronounce the letter S distinctly ; but, although defective and meagre as a- Voca bulary, it is, I am told, remarkably well sup-/ plied with terms of abuse. Blackfellows can be very abusive to one another on occasions, and,' as 'with the Homeric heroes, a war' of weapons' is generally preceded by a long and boastful war of words. I have often been a witness of- some of these contests, and although previously profoundly convinced, of the unapproachable- ness of Billingsgate in the department of slang, I have since had reason to change my opinion, and now firmly believe that for sustained vo lubility and energy of utterance the abusive old fish market would stand no chance with the aborigines of this coast; But the indulgence there of is confiixed to individuals of their own race ; to the white man they behave very differently.' Of religion they have little or no idea. They have fetishes and superstitioiis it Is true, arid a hazy idea of an after-state somewhere, hut no thing, so far as I could make out; like a re gular system of belief. ' If ever-, they possessed, itlri the past,; it has : either become lost in the course of time; or been so effectually hidden as to have , defied ' detection up to tlie present. We used to discuss the matter fre quently at- the Fishery; but although there were men present who had passed the best' portion of their lives amongst the aborigines, the question remained as fair off solution aa ever. The niggers, were catechised on the' point but with little or no real results. The two most remarkable replies elicited - were as follows : " Well, jock," to an intelligent, curly-headed fellow, " where blackfellow been go when he ' baloin' (dead) ?" To which Jock, after a little reflection, replied by pointing to the stars impressively, and sayirtg, " There blackfellow -been go when he ' baloin.' " The other reply, uttered by a pleasant featured old gin of the name of " Kitty," was a trifle more worldly : " S'pose him lazy fellow," she said, " baal yacker, he sit down along o' ground : but," -she continued- unctuously, " s'pose he budgeree (good) fellow, he go up along o' sky.' The beauty of the replied with which I had been' much strixclc was; However, spoiled by the remark of one of the. company. " There you have," he said, " the entire result of the Rev. Mr. Fuller's -"old mission on Fraser's Island. He has taught the old ones something of a heaven and hell— things which they don't understand— and he has taught the young ones to sing hymns; which they sing for money and grog to the 'greenhorns in Maryborough, who fancy by that that the 'poor blacks,' as they call them, are being Christianised and all that." ' That they believe in an after state or some sort of life beyond the grave is certain, as I had many opportunities' of verifying, but how far the belief extended I never was able to determine. . When a blackfellow dies his name passed away, with his breath and is never mentioned in the tribe any more ; but his un quiet' ghost often proves a terrible bore to his friends in the flesh. "Tommy Buggin," an old harpooner, went "bong" at sunset in the suburbs of Maryborough, nearly thirty miles from camp, but liis restless shade proved, on the night following his decease, a sore trouble to his old associates at the fishery. Next morning an old gin with troubled features re counted to me in awesome tones how she hail seen him go down to his favorite boat on the beach, handle the harpoon roughly, striking the boat meantime three times with his first and shouting with every stroke Coola ! Coola ! Coola ! (angry). There was a blackfellow en gaged in camp who had once been in the native police who, after every debauch, used to wake up from his first sleep with every symptom of terror. To the question, "Hallo, Billy! what's the matter?" He would reply slowly, pressing his hand to his head, "Blackfellow me been kill altogether corne up." They are a prey to phantasies and shadows, and are excessively superstitious. They do not like the darkness of night, and it even now takes a plucky speci men to undertake a long journey after night fall. They see the " debbil-debbil" in storms, and their dreams are frequently disturbed with visions of blood and murder and sudden death. They dread the' thunder and lightning, and I have often seen a crowd of young gins cower and croori with terror during the progress of a severe storm. They believe in amulets anil charms, which they treasure carefully, and have a horror of spells that would not disgrace the paliny days of witchcraft. I have often witnessed an entire camp thrown into violent grief by a rumor that an adverse spell had been cast over the boat that was overdue. Every ceremony has its especial fetish, every sex and age have their respective rules of conduct, to which implicit obedience is expected. A fair knowledge of these supersritions gives terrible power to the unscrupulous whitefellow who, by working on their terrors, can reduce the most insolent " aboriginal" to speedy submission. When death overtakes one of their number, as it has a fearful knack of doing of late, the news travels swiftly,and every wandering group in the district is speedily made aware of the fact. When a runner with news of death in his budget arrives in camp where blood rela tions of the deceased are staying, he is singu larly reticent about the object of his journey. He might have walked long and arduously to impart his intelligence ; he might have travelled specially for that purpose, but at whatever time he arrives at his destination, he opens not his mouth until the sun is declining in the west. It has never been the custom of his race to communicate tidings of death until the setting of the sun. When the period to speak has arrived, the stranger, if he is atten« tive, will hear a few words projected rapidly in a load key from one "mia-mia" to tha other, and the parties whom it may concern, made aware of their loss for the first time; break out into a "coronach" so weird and mournful that it is very depressing to, the listener who- may happen to know what it means. Should the deceased he a man of con« sequence the number of mourners is quite . large, and the lament, begun at sunset, breaks' forth again when the inoon is rising, to be re newed with plaiutive vigor, in all; tho tones between treble and bass, at sunrise the follow-' ing morning.. In all large camps . the -fre quency of the " howling matches," ;as they are irreverently termed by bushmen, is, quits : appalling in .the district of Wide Bay. . De ceased warriors are usually quartered, their flesh, burnt, and .their skills, preserved as me mentoes by their surviving -relations. Young gins used to be roasted and eaten in the old times, but cannibalism, which , once unques tionably prevailed, has been extinct in the dia- trict this .many a long day,- and they. -are now- either buried or burnt. Old gins are disposed of with very little ceremony, , being either huddled into some hollow log, or laid across the fork 'of a tree .to bleach in the sun, and to. be .an object of terror to every., belated "aboriginal" so long as any semblance of humanity remains in the poor old bones. When a blackfellow loses a very dear relation he cuts himself with glass or, a knife until the blood is flowing all over his body/ This is a sign of the most passionate grief. His gin, like her white sister, goes into regular mourn- ing. and for many months her head will be disfigured with a hideous head-dress of brownish feathers, the outward sign of her bereavement. 