CHRISTIAN RELIGION AT ST. PETER'S COLLEGIATE SCHOOL. TO THB EDITOB. Sir—Although I think we have had quite enough lately of religious discussion, yet I oannot refrain from answering one portion of Mr. Hughes's letter of the 2nd. I say one por tion only, because the rest of the letter is so obviously weak that it is undeserving' of notice. We Englishmen don't want objections without reasons, or bare statements, however boldy asserted, without proof. In the late Eloum controversy the writers on the Low Ghurch side would not admit of any sort of absolution in the Book of Common Prayer—they shut their eyes to the Prayer Book ; hut Mr. Hughes has gone as far to admit a certain sort of absolution, although he en deavors to explain it away, and it is to this point I would direct your attention. Mr. Hughes sayB—" Private aurionlar confession has no place in the Prayer-Book except in the ' Visitation of the Sick,' and in that case the priest, after hearing the sick person's confession . and pronouncing absolution, has to pray to God to forgive the penitent," arguing from this that the priest professes no power by -virtue of his office to forgive the sins of the penitent. I think people who are not quite blinded with prejudice will admit that the Ghurch of England recognises the fact that the Holy Ghost is given through men as the instruments of God. One reference to the ordination of Kshops will bo sufficient to show this. The words of consecra tion read:—"Receive the HoIy.Gbhst . . . and remember that thou stir up the grace of God whieh is given thee by this imposition of our hands." Language cannot express more strongly than this the fact that the Ghurch of England teaches that the Holy Ghost is given to-men by human means. This is the first point. How we turn to tho ordination to the priesthood. The Bishophaving laid his hands on the head of the deacon, and thereby conveyed to him the Holy Ghost for his speoial needs, commissions him to exercise it in three distinct functions:—(1) " Whose sins thou doBt forgive they, are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained," i.e, the power of absolution; (2) " and be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God," in teaching; (3)' " and of His holy sacraments," in administering: them. The present enquiry directs our atfcen tion to one only of these functions, namely, absolution, and especially to the form of abso lution in the- " Visitation of the Sick." Thi» absolution commences with the assertion that " Our Lord Jesus Christ hath left power to Wis Ghurch to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him." The Church thus proclaims-that Jesus Christ being rightly endued with plenary authority to forgive, exercises this power by Ms chosen depu ties the bishops and priests of His Church, and that His absolution is limited to-true penitents. Accordingly the priest craves in the optative mood the absolution from Christ," Oar Lord Jesns Christ . . . of His great meroy for-: give thee thine offences," that is by confirming what I do on earth,and forgiving by my minis try. He then proceeds to the indicative part of . the absolution: " And by His authority com mitted to me, I absolve thee from, all thy sins : in the name of the Father and of- the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The pardon is ministe rially conveyed, after the priest has heard the penitent's confession, and ascertained if pardon may he safely dispensed. That the Church of England doesnotconsider .this absolution simply declaratory, is proved by 'this fact—that at the- Savoy Conference the Presbyterians objected to the words " I absolve vthee," and requested that the words should be declaratory,thus, "Iprpnouucetheeabsolved." The bishops replied, "The form of absolution in the Litnxgy is more agreeable to the Scriptures thim that which they (the Presbyterians') desire, it being said in St. Jehu xx, ' Whose sins yon remit, they are remitted;?.' not whose sins yon pronounce remitted." The stubborn fact that the'-old term and form of absolution, which has been preserved in spite of strong opposition at every revision of the Prayer-Book, still remahas-in the present book, is sufficient to show that the absolutien is nob merely declaratory^; and in justice to.honest but mistaken nonconformists they have: tried hard enough at every revision to make it such. This is my second point. It is sufficient answer to.-the main objection to answer that the Collect stood in the same- position as it now stands- in the old Salisbury office, for none .- can doubt that when that office was in use the absolution was held to convey remission of sin. As a- matter of faot, the Collect is the original absolution, which has been given to dying penitents- for more than thirteen hundred years in the Western Churches. The prayer of David for the remission, of sins surely, implies no kind of distrust- in the. effioacyr of Nathan's declaratory absolution which pre ceded it. It need not even imply any doubt as to the sincerity and snfficiency and acceptance of his own contrition. What it doeB imply is the necessity of deepening his sorrow foe forgiven sin, as an: indispensable condition of the renewal and growth of. the spiritual life so . grievously wounded. "Amplius lava me a. peccato meo"—" Wash me-more and more from my wickedness." Then again, we have in.theexhortation before Commission in the Book of Common Prayer— "•If there be any -of* you who. by this means cannot quiet his own conscience herein, bat re qnireth comfort or counsel, let him come to me" (the parish priest) ."-or to some other dis creet and learned minister of God's Word, that by the ministry of Godfe . Word he may receive the benefit of absolution, together-with.'ghostly counsel and advice," The Confession is to bo oral or aurionlar,andpriivate, and wittthe express object of receiving " the benefit of absolution,'" ! together with " ghostly counsel andr-advice." £ ask any man of ordinary ability and common sense, on the strength of this quotation; to> deny, if he can, that the Prayer Book teaches "private auricular confession^? and that, too, with a view of absolution, carrying out in. this the strong teaching of St. PauL ini 2 Cor, v. 19-20. ;iV^ " : Thus we find that "the Church toi which wa owe allegiance is, on this point, as onall others, entirely of one mind with Hply Scripture ani primitive Catholic usage;'? and if 'any. further proof of this is required I' rater with confidence to a whole catena of Church of Englancfdivines. since the Reformation—("-Catenae .of jRxtracta from Anglican Divines;. Cambridge.'edition. 1835; edited by Professor SehplefleldX" -r . am,sc., ■ ARTHURR SICSTHI. Norwood,August4. . The proprietors of Adelbicle. &wch.; ara certainly enterpriqjhig. They adyertisa in acother column that they hayeporohased from Messrs. E. S. Wigg.& Son idle two. artist's proof engravings of Miss Thompson's. •elebrated pic-, tares, "The R^ll 'Call" and. S-Qoatrje Bras," which were polished is. London at ^5 each4 and that they will give therutatheirsubscribers on the Art Uaion principle as. a Christmas-bor* Being artist's proofs, of which only a small num. ber are published, these pictures mast necessa rily increase in value. - ; . T'ae Mayorsoftit©different municipalities Khltto consider the Hon, Oommfssioimrpf Crown Lands' ciroular letter in reference to the grant in aid of private subscriptions, and. it was decided that a deputation consisting of tha Mayors of municipalities, and Chairmen, of District Councils should wait on the Commis sioner of Crown Lands on Friday morning, tha 15th inst, at ll o'olook, for the purpose of. obtaining if possible 6ome modification, of tb® conditions imposed by the Qpmmieaiquer. 