.1EYIBW. THE TUDOR DYNASTY.- By S. Hubert JBrnjKE. Yol. 1.- London, John Hodges. 1379\. ? ? . ; ., SECOND 1'TOTICE. The remark may aeeni a trite one, but it is nono [the less true for being trite, that however guilty tho conduct of a fellow-being may bo, iS wo could only measure tho strength of the tomp« tations which caused the guilt, our 'judgments would, in nine cases out of ten, bo more chari table than they are. Tho. poor abandoned creature whom we cee living on a sin which a respectable wo man would die rathor than commit, aye and in order to indulge it, breaking a pure sister's heart and casting a doubt on the legitimacy of her offspring — who, after all, can tell how guilty she was ? We judge her by the terri ble effects of her crime ; while the weakneao of human nature, the subtlety of temptation, the repentance proved by an after life 'of good works and by a Christian death, seldom enter into our calculations at all. Ytf e have beon brought up from our childhood to judgo Ann Bolleyn by the guilty period of her life. We have no object in extenuating her faults. A guilty, criminal soul was hers. Born and reared under the very shadow of the Clrurch, knowing the Truth, re ceiving tho Sacraments, believing the doctrines of the Church — she spurned them all, she com mitted adultery, sho broke the heart of- her paramour's wife, she tried to bastardize his lawful issue, sho brought to the stake thou sands of martyrs vvho were witnesses to doctrines' which she knew to be true, she deliberately brought about that awful apostacy which iosfc millions of innocent souls to the Church of Christ — and all to attain the object of a woman's ambition ! Truly, wto think, if there ever ought; to be a lost soul, this was one. Here Mr. Burke steps in, and asks us to delay our judgments until we know the whole case. Originally hers was a pure, trusting, faithful soul. She fell be fore a temptation to which lev/ have {ever been exposed, but she recovered horself and repented, and did what she could to atone for her sin. Such, a view of Ann Bolleyn's character ia go novel, that we wonder whether it can be true. A few extracts will enable our recderc to judge for themselves. :? . ' . The childhood of Ann JBolleyn seems to have beon passed almost exclusively at Sever Castle, in Kent. With her elder sister and brother, and Thomas and Margaret' Wyatt, sho appears to have received the best education the times could afford. A French governess gave heiv- those accomplishments necessary for one ? who was destined for Court life. Her mother — Elizabeth Howard — was dead, but she lived again in the tale3 of an old nurse, who often reminded hoi? that her mother wao in heaven, and waa watching her and waiting for her. What sorb of education 'sho received, by what sorb of people sho was sur rounded, and whether she waa a good Catholic or not, are all shown in the following letter, the MS. of which has beon discovered in tho library at Corpus Christi College, Oxford : — ' My Good Papa, — I understand that you wish me to appear at Court as befits your daughter, and you toll me that her Highness the Queen will take tho pains to see and speak to me. Glad am I to learn this news. Oh dear papa, address ing a person so wise and good as you will make me more than over wish to write and speak good Erench, the more so n.3 you will be so pleased with me ? If this note is badly written, please excuse me. It is all my own ; the spoiling out of my own head. . . . Blanche Simonetti tells me I am loft to myself that no one may know what I write to you ? Bo sure nothing shrill lessen the great love I havo for you; nor need you fear but that I shall lead the holy life'tohich you desire for me ? Written at Hevor Castle, by your very humble and obedient daughter. ' Anita de BoraAiNE.' Tho passage in italics alludes to a conversation she had had with her father when they . went to gether one dark December evomng to visit the tomb of her mother, in the Lady Chapel of Sb. Mary's Church. Rising from her knees, she asked her father, in her childish way, if she be came a nun, would she bo euro to aeo her mother in heaven. Being told that it sho grew into a holy nun, oho would, sho formod a rosolution to become a roligious. Whtit a difforont path oui? history might have taken, heel die only tooS her childish vow ! Every part of AnnBolleyn'o early history becira v/itneso to tho influence of the Catholic faith over her. It io imposoiblo to believe that a career .ouoh as Iiok before oho foil before tho great iomptation of her life, could havo beon as impure and bad eo has boon represented. Ann Sollcyn's first atop from her father'a ho;;io x.wz when' a placo vas found xor her in tho Ogv.i'.ol Princes Mary Tudor, who -was on lior \\.\\\v L)?-\\-n\Go 1o marry Louis XII. 'Ihcir ship v.t.j ...v^ .C.oh the JTronolx Const, they got into a uui'Cil oo.'.fc, tjiici were out a whole night in a frightful sea. The Princess gave herself up to despair, but Ann held her. crucifix and was absorbed in prayer. Her first act on landing was to enter the first church she met, and offer her thanks for their deliverance. ? Ann was' do disgusted with the rakish habits of ?Louis XII., that she protested in a letter to her father that she would ' never wed any man,' sho would ' be a nun.' Louis died eighty-two days after his marriage ; but Ann, who was known as the ' English beauty,' remained until 1522 at the French Court in attendance on the saintly Queen Claude. It was at this period of her life that she is said tolhavej contracted those immoral habits \- which her husband afterwards affected to believe, but Mr. Burke proves the chargo to bo absolutely false. Her fame was still as fair as her face. On' her return to Hever Castle thero was nothing in her conduct which any pure and virtuous girl would deem wrong. She was a young woman now, and she knew her own heart. Possessed of birth, rare beauty, youth, a culti vated mind, and of that charcning'manner which can only bo acquired in good society — who can blame her forfostering an ambition which fires the breast of 'every' young woman who was not born a fool, but who is not called to be a saint ? Suitors innumerable Bought her hand. She was very nearly engaged to her Irish cousin, James Butler, of Kilkenny. In Kilkenny the Bolleyns were popular ; her grandmother, Margaret Butler, had been known far and wide as a daring horse-woman. But the prospect of Kilkenny, even with James Butler, was not to Ann's taste. Eumour said that she had a fancy for her old playmate, Thomas Wyatt, but then Lord Percy came in his way. Somehow neither of the gentlemen could get a decided answer, and why was it that Cardinal Wolsey was so often with her .?? Her temper, her simplicity,, her bearing ? towards all her old friends, were all gradually changed. Wot only Wolaey, but the King him self, Vras constantly with her. But it could not be! The king had a wife living— as virtuous a wife, as good a mother, and as holy a woman as there was in the kingdom. The cause of the change, though not even whispered, was soon ap parent. It was important both to Ann and Henry that she should soon be hia wife in name even if she was to be his concubine in fact. Few inoi'C gorgeous pageants had ever been witnessed by the citizens of London than the State procession on the 31st of May, when Ann ?was crowned Queen Consort. The streets were lined with arrao and tapestry, gold tissue and velvet. The Mayor and aldermen, the Ambassa dors, the inightsond halbardiers led the way; ac companied by her grandmother, the venerablo Duohesa of Norfolk, and attended by the fairest beauties of a most beautiful Court, amid the roar of cannon and the shouts of the populace, Ann met the King under the archway of West minster Hall. ' Thomas Wyatt, who was pre^ ?sent, describes her on this bright May day, as the most lovely of all the Court ladies, a glorious creature, with sweet beaming eyes. A discharge of cannon from the Towex and a blare of trum pets announced the observed^of all observei'3 — Queen Ann. Her Highness was seated in a white chariot drawn by four palfreys, a golden canopy above the vehicle making music with its sweet silver bells.' So passed off the pageantry. On the next day, Ann Bolleyn was erowned in West minster Abbey. Bishops Gardiner and Bonner bore up the lappets o£ her robe. Cranmer sang the High Mass of the Holy G-host, and annointed her Queen of England. She had now reached the climax of her ambition. Scarcely was her honeymoon and the intoxica tion of her triumph over, when the guilty past threw a dark shadow over her heart. The King soon woke from his dream and began to realize his position. For his faith, for his wife's honour, for the legitimacy of his offspring, he cared nothing ; but what over induced Mm to marry a woman who was in hia power ? Nor was Ann satisfied. What would she not give to regain that heart which would still be pure werojit not for him ? Ann's nearest friend, Elizabeth ?Brooks, tells us that the King and Queen did not live happily together. The Queen's conscience .had smitten her. The King reproached her, and with eyes full of tears she would sit lonely for hours. Coming events were casting their shadows before them. The bare mention of the Tower would cause her to tremble. And well might her heart sink within her as she came to realize what she had done. She had dono tho most griovoua wrong to c, wifo- that an unmarried woman could do. For her sake England wn?. severed from the unity of the Oatholio Church. Every block, every gibbet, ovory scaffold in tho kingdom was called into requisition. The duu goons wore crowded. Elizabeth. Barton, a mere child, was cont to tho block and suffered rnartyr dom, a few dayo after her coronation. Five Franciscan friaro mounted tho scaffold singing . hytajjs, $on CqHliu'fli&n; mo&ko;, solely on this guilty woman's account, won the martyr's crown. For saying that her husband was living in adul tery, the (Venerable Bishop of Rochester had hio head struck off on Tower Hill. When Sir Thomas More was executed, Henry reproached Ann, and.'['(told her that she had caused a good man'fl death. Ann spent her- solitude gazing at tho great Chancellor's portrait. The look which Holbein gave him was too much for her — she cried, ' Oh mercy, he is looking at me,' and flung it out of the window. But, smitten with agonies of remorse as sho was, her heart was not yet softened. Thero was one feat of hcartlessnoss yet to be gone through before sho was to be ap palled at her iniquity. When poor Queen Catharine died of a broken heart, the courtesan who broke it decked herself in the most brilliant colours, and danced gleefully into the presence of the King. With a savage yell, he bade her bo off. Ann had now reached tho turning point of her bad life. Affect indifference as she might before the eyes of others, when in solitude she broko down with remorse. The purity of her early life rose up in judgmont on her. Would that she could undo tho past ! Every day she heard Mass. She spent much timo in prayer, weeping, and sobbing before the altar. The privy accounts which have been published by the Camden Society prove that she gave £10,000 away in alms during the lust ten months of her life. But hor husband who was as little touched by her piety as he was by her tears, was now heartily ';|sick of her. Besides, his affections had now been turned into another channel. The ' discreot and modest ' Jane Seymour had now fixed her eye on the perilous position of Queen Consort. ' One day the Queen noticed a jewel hung round Jane's neck, and wished to look at it. Struck with the girl's- reluctance to submit it to her inspection, the Queen snatched it from her with violence, and found it to contain her faithless husband's miniature. Ann screamed and fainted away ? Joust and tourna ment were held at Greenwich before the King and Queen, in which Lord Rochford was tho challenger, and Sir Henry Norris tho principal defender. The scene was brilliant. In the midst of tho entertainment the King rose and quitted the field in affected anger. No cause was assigned. Subsequent circumstances proved that tho scheme had been arranged seve ral days previously. As husband and wife Henry Tudor and Ann never met again. 0 ... The servants were bribed ; the spy system entered the Queen's bedroom, and even the ladies of the Court could bo purchaned ; and those who spurned the bribe retired from tho scene with fear and horror, afraid to tell the Queen what they had heard, whilo the uncon scious Ann moved forward till tho May-day ar rived. Margaret Lee says the Queen did not seem happy on that May morning ; there was evidently some terror hanging around her. . . . When the Queen left Greenwich Park she was not without misgivings. Having reached tho palace she quickly sought the King ; ho was not there. She could perceive that a cold and formal kind of respect was now tendered to her. . . . Looiring around her like a scared fawn, the poor victim of a pre-arranged conspiracy remarked to her faithful friend Margaret Lee : ' O Meg, they have watched mo so this last few hours !' The night was one of terror to Ann. In the morn ing sho walked awhile alone in one of those gardens to which in a short time she was to bid farewell. Whilst standing under an apple tree, where the air was balmy, and soothed for a momentj:by tho morning hymn of tho wild songstei'3 of Nature, two of tho young maidens attondant approached hor weeping. ' How be it ? ' exclaimed the Queen. ' The Duke of Norfolk, Lord Crumwell, Lord Chancellor Audley, and the Lieutenant of tho Tower demand your presence immediately.' ' I shall attend tho summons,' was tho reply, and sho hastily entered the Council Chamber. A solemn silence prevailed for come minutes. Tho Duko of Norfolk spoke first, then Chancellor Audley ; Lord Crumwell silently regarded tho Queen, his face assuming an ill-omened smile. . . . Tho unhappy Queen could not under stand tho nature of the intrusion ; she seemed petrified to a statue, every tinge of colour faded from that fair faco, so long an object of admira tion — there sho stood, her hands clasped together as though in supplication, her eyes fixed and dim, hor brow like marble. It aeemod as though the prayer for mercy had been uttered though tho lips had moved not. So still she stood that not a movement disturbed the white jewel which hung around hor whiter neck ; go still that she seemed entranced, or as one ready to sink into tho ama of Death. Gradually, as if; awaken ing from a- dream, the Queen saw and felt what was around her. The Constable of tho Tower, a man unaccustomed- either to respect or delicacy in the presenco of ladies, next addressed tho Queen : ' Madam, I arrest you for high treason at tho command of my Sovereign Lord the King.' ' Impossible,' exclaimed tho Queen, ' but 1 must see my child. Elizabeth ero I go with ye.' Tho Commissioners refused the request. With a wild hysterical shriek sho fell back into tho arms of her mnidenn. Faithful and compassionate, they try to oootho her ; but tho words, ' My child, my child, may I not see my child?' broko in tones of anguish from tho Queen. Sinking on her knees, sho besought tho Commissioners to see . the infant Princess. ' No, you shall not,' was tho etoru reply of Lord Crumwell. Tho passage from Placontia to tho fatal fortress was soon ac complished, Tho name of Traitors' Gate startled her. She threw herself on tho ground on hor knoe0, exclaiming ; ' Oh Lord, help mo ! ao I am guiltless of the crimes of which I am accused.' Ann was next lod to the enclosure to which 'Bloody Gate' framed tho ominous entrance, ' and was conducted to a room or cell. Hor knees tottered, and, sinking down on the rugged stonos, . she knelt in prayer.' No moro awful close to a chequorcd career could bo conceived than is depicted in the volume before us. The conspiring' between Henry, Cranmer, and Cromwell to ':[ weave tho fatal knot more closely round tho Queen — her pitiful letter to him protesting her innocence and reminding him of his old love — his reading her letter in a hiccuping voice for the amusement of his debauched guests ? — her innocence of any adultery other than he tempted her to commit — -the couvago with which she and her presumed paramours mot their trials, and deaths — we see the fearful tragedy, as though it wore enacted before. oar very eyes. No better antidoto to Fronde's caricature of history could be found than in the account of her trial. Mr. Froude nsks us seriously to believe that ' through out the wholo trial, tho King had shown but one desire — to do all which the most strict equity prescribed. Twenty-seven peers of unblemished honour were charged with investigating tho Queen's character.' Our readers may estimate tho ' unblemished honour' of these ' twenty-seven peers,' when they reflect that they included Archbishop Cranmer, Lord Cromwell, and the iincle of the girl who only wanted the .Queen out of the way to bo Queen herself ! Why it was as much as their hoadsiwere worth to give any but the one verdict ! After a savage mockery of a trial, Ann was foxind guilty. Her brother Lord Rochford, was found guilty abo, and on the evidence of Lady Rochford, Sir Francis Wcston and Sir Henry Norris received their doom. A . brutal oath was the only answer Norris's little children received to their prayer for mercy ; 'Let him hang,' was the reply Henry made to Lady Wcston, as she clung to the monster's knees. We never read anything more touching than our au thor's description of Ann's last days. The Q.ucen had sent twice in the same day to the Princess Mary to ask her pardon for the wrongs sho had done to hor and to her mother. ' The clay passed, and with the twiliglit of the May evening the hopes of the Queen had fled. The preparations for her execution were going on, almost within hor hearing. In this last sad night what shadows of the past must have risen before hor! She paced the room many timeo, then re tired to her humblo oratory, and knelt before a silver crucifix, the gift of her early friend, Claude, Q.ueen of Franco. Another memorial of the past wore the beads Dr. Gardiner brought her from Rome. Hero Ann prayed for some time alone. Again she would speak to her ladies and make some loving allusions to Hever Castle ; the hazel-walk, the grotto, and hor old domestics. At times she became intonsoly excited, exclaim ing, ' Where is my father ? Ha3 he deserted me at this dreadful moment Oh, father, why havo you joined my enemies ? Do you believe mo guilty ? Oh no, you do not, you cannot. Where am I P Oh, my brain is distracted, Oh mother, mother, dear kind mother, where arc you ? Have you forgotten your own Nan ? I have been cruelly handled by the lung's Council. Oh ! Mother of God ! oh, Jssus, give mo strenglh to meet death as I should !' The entrance of Father Thirlwall gave her some comfort. He prayed -with her for nearly an hour. The holy water from Westminster Abbey, which sho do sired, was brought to her this evening by Mar garet Leo. ' Early on this May morning tho Queen heard three Masses specially celebrated for her, and then received Holy Communion. Shortly after the religious ceremonies wore over hor Highness and Margaret Lee partook of breakfast. Mildred Wyatt and Lady Kingston — a good, kind-hearted woman — were of tho party. The Queen spoke little, but looked frequently at Margaret Lee ; her eyes filled with tears ; putting her arm round Margaret's neck, alio embraced her again and again. ' Oh Meg, I never know how much I loved you, till now. Will you remember me ? I supposo Tom (Wyatt) will write a ballad on his old playmato and friend — unfortunate Nan. Re member mo to the young maidens of Hever. Ask them to pray for me at tho Mass. She. then retired to her oratory. Tho Host, surrounded by several lights, was placed on tho temporary altar by Father Thirlwall. Hero she knelt alone for nearly two hours. No human voice disturbed her communing with tho Eternal. At 11 o'clock sho again joinod her ladies. Sho appeared happy. Tho hour had come. Kingston bowed most re spectfully to tho doomed ladjr and hor f riendo. Her courage seemed for a moment to fail and in a faint voice she said, ' Well, I am ready, Maistor Kingston.' Then turning to her ladies, who all burst into tears, in the softest and sweet est accents sho observed ' Ah, dear loved friends, bo firm ; pray for me, pray for me, now.' It was arranged that Margaret Leo should walk besido her, ascend tho scaffold with hor, and perform the last sad office of removing her dress. The other ladies wore to remain at tho foot of tho scaffold till tho judicial murder was completed. . . . When she heard sobbing along her route, she several times exclaimed, ' Tho will of Cod will bo dono ; pray for mo good people.' Father Thirlwall was on her right, Margaret Lee on her left ; tho other prie3ts followed, reading tho tici'vico for tho dead. Fathor Thirlwall giveo tho Queeh'3 dying opeoch, which breathus the very coul of a devout Catholic. The cloning words were, ' Mothor of Jesus, pray fo.r me.' Sho kiuood the crucifis- — = ? ? ? ? , , , — . ? »— ; — -rrrl'.J -. forgave her executioner, and advanced to the '?- block. : o ' The tall French executioner and Iu3 assistants . .' instantly advanced. A profound eilonco -was' : observed by tho spectators, the majority of whom vrero kneeling. Tho moment tho Queen laid hor head on tho block sho exclaimod aloud : ' Lord Jodus hnvo mercy on my aoul.' Whilst tho words wore on her lips tho fatal blow was given, and the .. head of Ann Bolleyn soverod from tho body. A wild shriek of affright burst from tho ladies pronorit ?; ?:- a look of triumph from Thomas Cromwell closed. ?- the scene.' Such was the end of Ann Bolleyn. It wa3 tho end of a good devout woman, who had at one timo fallen deeply, but who had oincercly re- ?' pentcd. No woman in our history worked tho wickedness she did, no deed of darkness wo'o : fraught with ouch fearful concoqiienceu to ou^' race as was her crime, yot it is hard not to forgive ' hor. The sympathy which a Catholic feels for ' such a case as hers' has nothing resembling it in ' * Protestantism, because outside tho Catholic Church there io no cense of fellowship with those ' . who, however frail and criminal, have yot done', penance for their Bins, and have gone before us with tho seal of faith upon their lips. Her crhno .' may havo been as scarlet, but yc.t sho Bleeps 'tho Bleep of peace.' .... . 