WHITE'S ROOMS. Mr, D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertainment opened at White's Booms on Saturday evening, and' was very fairly patronised. The ghostly manifestations are admitted to be the result of ^~' ? applied science, and are not wrought by spiritual or any other supernatural agency. From this . point of view they are both clever and amusing; hut the usual allowance must be made for some incompleteness in the arrangements on an open Ing night. The spectral part of the programme was a very curious optical delusion, that created a great deal of wondermentandspecalation on the part of the onlookers, but some of the actors in the flesh were certainly not so well versed in then parts as they might have been, and an im provement in this respect may be looked for. There were four persons who were proficient, but the remainder of the company will require & few rehearsals before they will merit again the approbation of the auditory. The first portion of the programme opened with the spectral historical romance of ' The Knight Watching his Armor,' as originally produced at the Poly technic, London, by Professor Pepper. Hubert de Burgh, a valiant knight, is dis ? covered watching his armor by command of King James, as was the custom of the age. To wile awav the time he sings a song dedicated to his lady love, M Queen of my Soul?' when, on hearing footsteps, he perceives coming through 1 the gloom a man in the garb of a monk, who tempts him with wine, and in order to induce him to relinquish his task, carols forth a jovial «»ng**A Friar of Orders Grey;' but Habsrt, Who mistrusts him, challenges him to make the sign of his order, which of course the monk cannot, but retires after calling Hubert a coward loon, convincing him that he was right in his surmise that the pretended monk was an evil spirit, who sought to destroy him. He again returns to his weary task, when a beauteous syren, gliding out of the darkness, tries to lure Mm from his duty by describing her fairy home -and enchanting his ear with sounds of melody, tut Hubert has sufficient strength of purpose to withstand the temptation and destroy the charm. He is now visited by another evil spirit in the disguise of a merchant, who offers hiin riches, which he is about to accept when bis intention is happily frustrated by hearing sweet music. His beloved now appears, and as he. is about to embrace her she disappears from his view. During the act several songs and \--jLuets are song in a very pleasing manner. The .Phantom Christys are the next performers, and in the concluding act, ' The Ghosts' Bevels,' or the haunted house, a variety of ghostly eceen -tricities were indulged in of a most unusual \- character. 