THE SKETCHER New Zealand Notes. BY "RED SPINNER." VI. THE reader will be invited presently to change the venue altogether, and to come on board ship again and leave Maori land behind him. Such the North Island of New Zealand may well be termed. According to the evidence of an ela- borate map published by the Government, show- ing by differently colored sections the land tenure as it was in 1878, it appears that, while the tints denoting lands owned by Europeans and purchased by them from the natives, the Crown lands, and the lands held by natives under certificate of title, memorial of ownership, or Crown grants, occupy an area of infinitesimal proportion, the colors which indicate either "Lands in the hands of the natives over which the native title has not been extinguished," or "Lands under negotiation to purchase by Govern- ment, and proclaimed under the Government Native Land Purchases Act, 1877," represent the centre of the island, and consequently the bulk of the whole. Let us then return to Ohinemuto and take proper farewell of our Maori friends. Riding up the dusty road to the town, I saw at the door of the hotel a portly gentleman in shining broad- cloth and broad-brimmed beaver with ecclesiasti- cal curl, gazing benignantly at the natives, who were gazing open-mouthed at him. Here was another proof of the annihilation of distance in these go-ahead days. I had last seen that portly figure rising on the back benches of the House of Commons, when Gladstone ruled the roast, and Lowe, Childers, Coleridge, and Cardwell sat on the Treasury seat. It was either the member for Lambeth or his ghost, and the first greeting convinced me that it was the hon. gentle- man in the substantial flesh. Finding he was about to pay a visit of ceremony to a native chief, our party resolved to swell his train. The old chief, though aware of the coming of the English legislator, was found unprepared when the proper moment came. I strongly suspect he was cooking potatoes when the deputation were announced, for as we stood in front of his wharre we observed him, seven-eighths naked, slink round a fence at the rear, and make surreptitiously for the hut. But when he caught sight of us he proudly drew himself up, moderated his pace, and strode gravely by us without appearing conscious that there were such people in the world. I have reason to believe he was an artful old humbug, but I must declare him the essence of natural dignity, and he had a really grand demeanor, spite of his leathery old skin and spindly old shanks. At length we were summoned to the interview. Mr. M'Arthur entered first, stopping humbly to get through the doorway, which, according to Maori custom, would scarcely admit a child in an upright position. The old chief was squatting on a mat. He had draped himself as rapidly as effectively, and quite awed us by his ceremonious politeness. We had given him tobacco only the other day, and looked upon him as a sort of vagabond, and now he majestically waved us into his dwelling, and made us feel in twenty seconds that in this connection we were the vagabonds. So we stood, hat in hand, and the M.P. made him a kindly sensible speech, whioh was duly interpreted, we meantime studying our native aristocrat, and observing that his face was tattooed into a perfect exhibition of arabesque work; he had a splendid head and features, and his presence was naturally commanding. He was gracious to his principal guest, and invited him to share the rug. Mr. M'Arthur "flopped"—as Mr. Cruncher used to say in the "Tale of Two Cities"—at once, and tried to look as comfortable as if he were in the great gilt and velvet chair of honor at the Man- sion House. As time wore on I noticed that the hon. member began to be uneasy. His attention wandered from the chief's oily, wily, remarks. He perspired; there was no window nor any outlet but the lilliputian doorway. He shifted as often as an elderly portly gentleman sitting on the ground, and bound to maintain an upright and dignified position, could do without attract- ing attention. In a word, the fleas were at him; they had got the better of the fine broadcloth, and were improving the occasion, as if they knew that they could not lunch off a London alder- man and prospective Lord Mayor every day. The interview was very formal, and it concluded by the chief presenting Mr. M'Arthur with a finely- woven native rug. We were afterwards told that this father of his people had during the morning prowled through the village and visited his sub- jects, from one of whom he had unblushingly looted the rug in anticipation of the alderman's visit. The Maori people appear to be very snug in their low reed-made, smoke- blackened, stuffy, flea-haunted wharres, though they cannot all boast possession of three rusty muskets and a polished paddle, as can their chief. Out of doors they sit on the warm flagstones over the hot springs when it its cold; they slip off their garments a dozen times a day and step down into the bath- ing pools, men and women together, and sit immersed to the neck for hours, and I never passed a pool containing Maori matrons and maids without being genially invited to make one of the number. They cook their meals in Nature's kettle, and they get their food without much trouble from Nature's stores—potatoes from their little gardens, crayfish from the lake, and also fish. They have a keen appreciation of the Prussian carp which have been acclimatised in Rotorua, and more's the pity, seeing that they catch the smallest fish which come into the warm shallow water near the springs, and which are turned from their original blue to pink and white. I have a vivid remembrance of a very tall stately Maori, blanket wrapped round him, toga fashion, stalking solemly home from a morning's sport, with a 3in. carp carefully threaded through the gills upon a slip of willow, and dangled osten- tatiously from his right hand. And we saw the Maori dance, called a haka; had also to pay for it heavily. The old chief was there, dignified as ever, and not overburdened with clothes. The entertainment took place in the large Maori meeting-house, whose carved front stared with the customary goggle eyes, was surmounted by the customary effigy, and fur- nished with the customary bell near the entrance. Candles stuck with their own grease upon sticks planted in the ground lighted the spacious gloomy interior, to which there was the door entrance only. There were about forty per- formers, laughing and shouting at the top of their voices, and making a veritable Babel. By- and-by a humpbacked official, something between a medicine man and a secretary, bawled out the names, to which the owners responded, and the scribe ticked them off in a note-book with great effusion. The front row consisted of about twenty women, young and old, good-looking and ugly; in the back rows were men and boys. The women were nicely dressed, and in all their finery; the central couple, plump young parties with white muslin boddices and short scarlet petticoats, were the principal performers, and they had taken great pains to decorate their wavy blue-black hair with flowers. Save the legs, which were quite bare below the knee, these women were less exposed than European ladies in evening attire. The men had blankets twisted round their loins. The haka may be roughly described as a concert in cha- racter. It is an old Maori custom, an amuse- ment to which the young people used to come decked out with feathers and flowers and war paint. Love or war is the general burden of this song in character, and probably our guide was wise when he recommended us not to enquire too literally into the meaning of what we heard. It was a singular performance. An excited conductor, with a grand flourish of his hands, rushed up and down in front of the line, either invoking something or somebody, or animating the performers. Soon he clapped his hands and beat his naked breast. This was tantamount to the tap of the baton on the music-stand. The performers, who had been squatting in disorder on the floor, now sprang to their feet and formed in capital line, eyes to the left. The conductor, as I will term him, continued his promenade in front of the line, walking and talking quickly. He was reciting a poem, and at the end of each line the performers, at first softly, chanted a response, simultaneously beating time on the ground with the right foot, which was gracefully advanced, and by a clapping of the hands. As the fugleman worked himself almost frantic, the performers got excited too; the movement with hand and foot quickened and strengthened; and at intervals the performers shouted a deep- drawn, and prolonged "Hah-hah-ah," accom- panied by a quivering outward and upward movement of the hands. The strict time of the chant was never lost, and when the movement was at its height the excitement was catching. The movement and sound swept you along with it. It suggested inspiration, respiration, and perspira- tion. The bodies of the performers swayed and twisted, and represented a variety of movements, some of them assuredly deserving of all the hard things said of them. The two leading women were admirable actresses, throwing them- selves heart and soul into the spirit of whatever was going, becoming positively ecstatic when the topic was love, and hideously furious in war. But they looked wonderfully handsome—at a distance; their big eyes were black as night; their teeth would be a fortune to a dentist. Still we were very glad when the haka was over, though the performers were quite ready to con- tinue for another two hours. The Queensland gentleman to whom I referred in the previous chapter as having some unpleasant experience of the Wairoa boatmen, had also seen a haka; it was in some more remote village on the banks of Rot- torua, and on that occasion, he tells me, the per- formers got so excited that, irrespective of sex, they gradually cast aside their clothing as song and bodily movement increased, until the whole company had not between them garmenture equal in dimensions to a moral pocket-handker- chief. It is grievous to leave this district without re- telling the romantic story of Hinemoa and her lover. There, in the middle of Rotorua, stands the island Mokoia, where the male lover sweetly played his seductive flute; there, the waters over which the amorous piping echoed, and through which the lovelorn damsel swam in fervent re- spouse. Two reflections force themselves upon you touching this Maori "yarn:" it must have been a powerful flute to have been heard so far; and the young woman did nothing remarkable in thus swimming across to the man of her choice. Other young persons, who are not savages, do hardier, and, shall it be said, shadier things, to com- pass the same kind of ends, every day. So, at last, farewell to the Lake district; but let it be clearly understood that I have left many of its sights untouched and unmentioned, only pretending to describe what came under my own observation. If a complete list of lakes, and springs, and wonders is required, as I said in my first chapter, there are guide books. In the North Island the railways are at present fragmentary, but the Government propose, as money is available, to fill up the gaps, and form an unbroken line 476 miles in length from Wellington round the West coast to Auck- land. Meanwhile the sea is the easiest, if not the only, way of travelling. From Tauranga you sail due east until you turn the corner at East Cape, and then, following the trend of the coast, south-west to Cape Palliser, where you round a sharp corner again, and steer somewhere about nor-west-and-by-nor to Wel- lington. During the day, supposing you sail from Tau- ranga in the morning, Poverty Bay is reached, and the anchor is cast for communication with Gisborne, the little squatter township, whither comes for shipment the wool grown on the fine grazing country at the back, upon which, the fern having been originally burnt off, English grasses are sown, and thrive almost better than they do in England. A gentleman informed me that his land carried six sheep to the acre; and that, the feed being too rich for merinoes, the squatters everywhere preferred Leicesters and Lincolns. Here, as at Tauranga— and by antici- pation I may add everywhere in New Zealand— land was fetching surprisingly high rates, and the colonists were living in hopes that before long there would be better facilities for acquiring land. Old colonists in New Zealand, as else- where, are divided amongst themselves upon the land question, and a wandering outsider is not, of course, able to form a competent opinion; but on every hand I certainly heard laments of the obstacles to acquisition of land from the natives. In this bay the whalers—the rollicking, hard- drinking, Maori-marrying fellows from Botany Bay, who founded laws of their own, and in- vented a mixed language known as whalers' Maori —had important stations. The town of Gisborne, thriving and respectable, stands at the head of a pretty bay, with a high rampart of hills in the rear. It is of sufficient importance to attract good theatrical and operatic companies, and from our steamer we lowered, in the chair by which passengers are here transhipped, an entire opera troupe, that turned up its nose when I asked it why i did not come to Brisbane. And Gisborne has its morning and evening paper. Hawkes Bay comes next, with Napier as its capital. Its back country also is grazing country par exellence, some choice runs carrying ten sheep to an acre. Six make a very common average, and the sheep run so much to fat that boiling down for tallow is extensively and profit- ably practised. I heard of a sheep weighing a hundredweight which yielded scarcely 30lb. of honest lean meat. Napier is another well-to-do town; small, but select, as the hotels, the shops, the club, and the public buildings, by their outward and inward semblance, tell you. The fact is, Napier is the depôt of a great grazing and agricultural district, and wealthy squatters patronise it. From Napier runs a railway sixty miles south, through a busy farming country. It is a brisk place of business. Some commercial travellers, including two Americans (I often, by the way, met com- mercial travellers from the United States in New Zealand), departing from the town, rubbed their hands contentedly as they conned their order books; and when farmers or commercial travel- lers do not grumble depend upon it they have good cause for contentment. Napier, like Gis- borne, publishes its morning and evening papers. Inside Cape Palliser there lay the Carlotta, barque, fast upon the rocks. She had met with adverse weather at this noted entrance to Cook's Strait, and had, foiled in beating in, gone ashore during the thickness of a dark night. I saw the wreck, masts all standing, from the deck of the Taranaki, and within a month the Taranaki her- self was totally lost by running, during a fog, into one of the multitude of islands that lie off the New Zealand coast. Meanwhile in the South Island there was another large vessel ashore. By this time the traveller down the coast has become accustomed to its bold scenery; accus- tomed but not tired; however. Cook's Strait has an interest of its own, thanks to its history, its position, and its natural beauty. And it gives Wellington a noble harbor, which, considering also the central position of the city as regards the entire colony, one would think justified the choice of Wellington as capital. Never, at the same time, must it be forgotten that, though Auckland was the first seat of Government, Wel- lington, or Port Nicholson, as it was then named (after the owner of a Sydney ship which dis- covered it), was the first bonâ fide settlement. It was not precisely the description of settlement which we can now remember without shame, though some would perhaps argue that if the natives allowed themselves to be cajoled into parting with territory as large as Ireland in ex- change for pots, soap, red nightcaps, shaving brushes, jews-harps, sealing-wax, cartridge paper, umbrellas and the like, together with axes, fishhooks, and guns and ammunition, which were afterwards used against the colonists themselves, it was fair for the New Zealand Com- pany to cajole and acquire. However, it was done, and Wellington is the Empire City, jeal- ously regarded by Auckland, which it supplanted, and Dunedin, which is well aware, and makes no secret, of its superiority, physically and commer- cially. Wellington, doubtless, is surrounded by hills on all sides but that which is open to the sea, and there is naturally a feeling of being shut in. But it has a fine situation; it is healthy, and it is com- pact. Wellington is pretty as seen from the sea; equally pretty viewed from its ascending en- virons. At Auckland I was assured many a time that Wellington was ugly, unhealthy, walled in from Heaven's free light and air, and a place rather to shudder at than to see. Nay, a Wel- lington gentleman himself told me so. At Wel- lington, on the other hand, I was told in confi- dence that Auckland was the windiest, wettest, muggiest, mosquitoest town in New Zealand, and that, whenever a specially unpleasant morn- ing dawns, a not uncommon greeting is, "Good morning. Regular Auckland day, isn't it?" As a matter of fact I found Wellington, not a beauti- ful, but a pretty and most agreeable city. It cannot be denied, I suppose, that it is windy, but statistics show that the average of gales and bois- terous weather is not greater than in other New Zealand seaports. As a joke, the saying "If ever you see a man clapping his hand to his hat when he turns a street corner, be sure he is a Welling- tonian," may pass current; but not as a serious statement. I suspect all New Zealand is windy, and that each town and district gets its turn of storm and tempest. For myself, I must adhere to my old motto, and speak as I find. Where- fore, the climate, during my brief stay, was bracing and delightful; neither too much wind nor sun, and no rain—and a man must be hard to please, and ungrateful to boot, who could not find compensation for the admitted drawbacks in the suburbs, and in the harbor and its views. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 