[?] 'HE WINS WHO WAITS.' BY G-BOSV33NOE, BURSTER, .Author of ' John Horton's Ward,' 'Mark Folton,' ' The Best Man Wins,' ' Oaleb Thornton,' &o.; I CHAPTER XXI. (Continued.) I 'She don't not now, I tell you,' criod I ' the stout actor. ? ' No, Bho writes tales and plays, and all I ' that,' cried Mr. Todd, eagerly. ' Then I . you know her ?' I 'No, no; but, as I toll you, my friend H Harrington got tnixed up with some annoy ance about some jewellery. There was a certain ring— an antique— ' « Very large, plain stone. I know it,' said Mr. Todd, proud to be able to take a large Bharo of the conversation. 'You know it ?' echoed-Yickers. 'Tut — nonsense — it was stolen 1' ' Well, all I can say is that if it was stolen she's got it back. Maybe,' went on Mr. Todd, with a nod of sngaoity, ' the spirits got it back for her.; for she's a great medium, they tell me, and a leading oard in tho pack of nonsense that'Mhe fashion nowadays. Why, what's the matter? Surely you don't believe in that humbug?' Mr. Vickers had fallen back in his chair, his cheeks p(do, his eyes distended, and staring at vacancy. 'D — me,' said some one, 'the man's going to have a tit. Hero, Viokera, ' swal low this, ' and he forced some wine down his throat. v ' Did you see nothing P' asked Vickers, in a hollow voice. ' Ha, ha 1 well done, and well acted ! By George 1 any one of us might have been proud of tho performance',' cried the stout actor. But that Vickers was not acting, others saw. ' Pshaw 1' he presently muttered, in answer to Mr. Todd's inquiries, ''twas a passing delusion. I could have sworn I saw a shadow passing Blowly through the room.' ' Oh I' shrieked tho ladies. ' Lord 1 you don't say so ?' said Mr. Todd, junior, whose naturally sub stantial and praotioal order of mind eoonted snoh impassabilities as' impossibilities. 'Yon've been eating lobster Balad, re member. That's yonr shadow, take my word for. it. Ohnmple, hand Mrs. Visavis the olaret and Mr. Todd Bet himself to pnt matters in their natural order. So far he was snocessful that presently everybody, even Viokers himself, seemed to have for gotten what the tragedian in the oompany aptly oalled tho ghost sosue. But, when Viokers had departed with the rest of the oompany, Todd, junior, smoking one of his remarkable pipes, refleoted on the matter. . 'Deuced odd,' said he. 'Bat I've a happy thought. I'll run down to- morrow and see Miss Bertha. It will bo a oapital exouseto intrude myself upon Miss Laplaoe. As being a pieoe of information in the spiritist line, she can't, but think me weloome.' And full of this brilliant idoa, Todd, junior, retired, to his oonoh. Next morning, or rather afternoon— for Mr. Todd now slept far into the day, both its a matter of fashionable onstom, and also beoause he needed the refreshment after his dissipations— he attired himBelf with great oare, and rode down to j the house in whioh MisB Laplaoe resided. [ The lady reoeived him with a. significant smile, for it was not nnknown to her that \- Todd, junior, oherished a seorot passion for her pretty olerk. . j ' Well, Mr. Todd,' said she, for Mr. Todd had 'long managed to seonre an introduction to tho authoress, ' how do you do ? Do yon bring me any news of the gay world, or to yonr visit intended for Miss Bertha ?' ' Oh, oome now,' oried Todd, junior, wag Bing hto flexible nose. ' Don't now, really, I Of eonrBs I shall be delighted— oharmed to see Miss.Bamaby. But the fact is, I have a I little news. Somelhing I've thought that I you ooin 4 work up,' yon know, in yonr alever I novels.' ? 'Indeed; yon are doubly woloome. Sit I down, Mr. Todd, and tell me all about it. 1 And here is my fair amanuensis ready to 9 tako down the particulars ' : ? I As she spoke, Bertha, oharmiDgly dressed I in summer dtess and hat, entered the ? room. Mr. Todd arose- and bowed pro I soundly, wagged his ? nose vigorously, I and truslpd that Miss was well— I as well ' as yon look, yon know'— suddenly 1 strnok by tho idea of this handsome compli I ment. This inquiry being satisfactorily | arranged, he sat down again, cleared his | throat, and, with great elaboration and ? emphasis, repeated the oonversation whioh J had taken place at hto sapper-tablo on the I previous evening. MisB Laplaoe listened in I tently; Bertha with growing ixoltoraent. 9 ',' It is an infamous lie,'.' oried the latter, I *?®n Mr. Todd tonohed upon, that portion of I Vw remarks, as referred to poor Har 8 rington's troubles in, commotion with ;tho I murder and robbery; in Melbourne, i ?- It ris I infamoua lie ;' and sheturnod uppuMtoa ' I Laplace with eyes. blazing with indignation, I her slight form drawn to its full height. For the old taint of jealousy, whioh had oome to '?to* .When she first heard of Harrington's trouble, was now snddenly revived. Miss I Laplaoo smiled sadly. 'Itis as yon say. Bertha. The man who talla ths story was tho oriminal. And bo ho to hero— once more he crosses my path, well, I foresaw it.' ^ These last words she mattered, as though to herself, tho while looking dreamily before ' her. Todd, junior, putting this and -that' together, as he alterwardBi observed, felt an odd idea that he had got mixed np with some oonspiraoy in whioh a ring, a ghost, a mnrdor, and a pretty girl wore all jumbled' up togolher. And ho was not far, wrong. ' ? But Todd,' junior, found that, in taking advantage of his information to prooarb an' interview with tho lady of hto heart, ho !had hardly dene hto oanso muoh good. For Bertha —unjust, of oonrse, as wo. over are. to those who bring us evil intelligence — now assumed a hauteur and ooldnoss toward Todd, junior, - that v(to nso his explanation of it to 1 Mr. Chumple) regularly flabbergasted him. : He left 'the house humbled and ornshod. and riding home with ns despondent an -air as was consistent with a person of fashionable habits, he repaired to a favourite billiard room, and there drank brandy nnd water, rind lost money to the marker aud his friends, -for the remainder of the day. ' Bertha,' said Miss Laplace, when iliey were nlone, '.do you know that I possess the gift of presoiencoP' ' Indeed.' And Borlha's voioo was very hard and fletallio. ' Yes, and I can tell you that your littlo heart is troubled. You nre -jealous. You (loom that I — whon I was beautiful and celebrated— Btole your Edward's fanoy, if not affection. Is it not so ?' Bertha looked up — her wistful eyes filled with tears. Then tho odd sympathy with hor employer's nature which hnd filled' her being when first sho raw her once moro oonquered her. She fell upon the neck of her friend and wept. Then the other, with that tender perception of the young girl's heart which grew alike out . of her past friendship (if not more) for Harrington and her present Jove for Bertha, told her the story of her meeting with tho former. ' I was very fond of him, my dear. But this I know — he held you dearest and best.' And so this little storm passed, and sun shine beamed ngain. But over Miss Laplace there seemed to have come a grave shadow. Her usual sprightly humour had vanished; sbo romaiued thoughtful aud abstracted during the afternoon ; and when Bertha was abont'to leave, sho asked her to slay that night with her. 'I feel lonely, dear,' she said, ' and as though some danger threatened me. It is, of course, mere notion of the nervous system. To-morrow we will take a holiday, and go off into tho country.' And so, with musio and occasional talk, the two friends passed tho evening. It was nigh upon midnight when.they retired. CHAPTER XXII. OLD FRIENDS AND A RESCUE. Captain Rath, whose ship had brought a cargo ol wheat from Odessa, and who, be longing to the old olnss of skippers, affected old oIubb habits and haunts, had his shore quarters at n oertuiu tavern near the old Corn Exchange, muoh frequented by foreign aud Amerioan shipmasters. Here he would sometimos retreat with a fellow-skipper or two to smoke a oigar, and 'hist iu ' the peculiar poisona which owe their origin to American inventiveness. Now it happened that upon tho day upon whiqb Mr. Todd, junior, had waited upou Miss Laplaoe, and hud told her his story, tho oaplain had repaired to this tavern, whioh was called, il -I remember aright, the ' White Horse Tavern,' and there seated himself in a quiet cornor to petnsa some Boston newspapers with whioh he had provided himself. Thus he eat for some time so absorbed that be did not notice the intrusion of two persons, who, seating themselves in an opposite corner, had full view of tho skipper's lean, giant visage. Nor did he notioe that presently the yonnger of these persons started violently, half arose, and then, cheeking himself, whispered to his companion, who, grizzled and olean shaven, preserved a stiff and ceremonious air, whioh betokened him to occupy the position of servitor or dependent, rather th»n that of a Booial equal of the other. The two whispered together lor some seconds. Then the younger msn, who seemed somewliat feeble, and as though ho wero jnst reoovered from a bout of siekneed, passed over to tli9 captain, and laid bis hand heartily on that gentle man's shoulder. The captain looked np with that deliberation which characterised ail his movemonts, stared into tho yonng man's face, throw his oigar into tho grate, and then giving vent to a long whistle, seized the other's hand in bath his own, and ex olaimed — 'It's Ned Harrington, by the otarnal rattlesnake 1' 'Ay, skipper,' was the answer. 'It is I — or, at least, so maoh as to left of me.' 'Wall,' exoiaimod the skipper, still holding the other fast by tho Land, and shaking it .vigorously, ' this is abeont the prettiest pieoe of work I've known for some time. Bat, eakoe I I reokon I know yonr face, too. Wall, du tell,' and he grasped honest Benjamin — for it was he — by the hand. ' And when did you ar- rive, sir ?' said he, in his American faBhion. ' Bat an hour ago. We mean to start at onao for the cottage.' - The captain started, and looked gravely into the young man's faee. ' Creation,' he muttered,,' he don't know. Wall, neow, I'm right sorry. Bat, sir, 'tuiu't no ass going to the oottage.' 'How? Why?' oried Nod and Benjamin together. 'That's no ono thar ob *rid weloome. you, I gnesB,' was tho answer. 'My nnolo — Bertha — what of them?' asked Harrington, exoitedly. The skipper shook his head, as, laying his hand upon the yonng man's shoulder, ho said : ' I thought you'd ha known it,, lad. Miss Bertha wrote to Auokland about it — so did I. Tho good captain is gone. He died 'fall three months ago. The shook of this intelligence was, per haps, greater evon to the man than the master. Bonjamih' laii ' his bead npon a table, and fairly groaned. Presently ho sobbed ont: ' Forgive, me gentlemen, .But, you see, I'd served Captain Barnaby,' afloat and ashore, more than forty years. . If, I may bo permitted to say,; so, we were more friends than. master and servant. . I loved him, sir,' he went on, turning to Harring ton, his hard grey eyes overflowing with -tears, ' and when I was searohing1 for you, my constant prayer was that .he; might be spared' to see us both again. And he is dead'. Well, I don't core' muoh .now ' how soon I follow.' \ ' , ' No, no, Ben 1' oried Harrington, clasp ing his hand, 'don't aay'that. Thereto -Bertha yet— the old man's darling.1' We Will both live for hor.' ?? ? ,' And whore ,to she, sir ?' asked Ben, addressing the skipper, whose self-control had boon sadly tried by the' affecting scene. 'Whero js the pretty one,?'' 'Safe ; and sound; and woll,', answered the skipper. ' Say— I gueis we'll all go down and see her. It will be new life to 'her! I reckon to see you two back 'again to ham. Bat yon don't look over strong in health, Ned,' ho went on. ' Wounded badly, skipper, In Now Zea land.' [To he concluded in our ncx.t) ! 