THIC SPRING HANDICAPS. By Saunteebiu IIL As remarked in a previous artiole, tho last GO in tho Molbourno Cup aro put togethor over a rango of 11 lbs. only, but it mutt bo apparent to noarly every ono that as a matter of bringing thorn together 11 lbs. would nevor do it. It ia by no moans beyond tho mark to say that if a handioappor had to operate on tho last CO alone ho oould, and moreover would ; oommenco at say 8 Bt. 10 lbs., and thon leave tho present bottom weight Hobo at 6 at. 7 lbs. This would afford a range of 4o lbs., instead of 11 lbs., and. it would thus be apparent that to bring Chester and tho bottom weights togethor thero would bo his 9 at 10 lbs. plus 3 st. 3 lbs., minus 11 lbs., which puts in Chester at 12 st. 2 lbs., and thoso beneath him pro r&la.; Of course this would bo an abburdity, and would bo sacrificing tho good horses to the duffers, who nover wi'l bo able to run a fast race, but for all that I am inclined to tako tho views of most of my brother contribu tors in the south, and say that tho handicappers in aiming at a race to bo run in 3.35 and hotter aro not doing so wisely as in aiming at a race iu 3.36 or even 3.38. With Woodlands fit and well, and sent for this race, it must be run in at least his previous time for two miles in the Wagga Gold Cup (3.38), when ho was 14 months younger, and carried 1 lb. moro, and when thore -was nothing could maku him race in tho last quarter of a mile, so this race must be run in the best of time, if there are average conditions as to weather, going, &o.; I know I am taking one of Woodlands' best perform ances na an illustration ; but handicaps are mado on thorn, and not on tho bad ones. Tom Kirk, too, will bring the time to about 3.35 on his last year's running in this raoe, bo that tho tail possesses that 'holy show' whioh is equivalent to not having a ghost of a chance. But though many of them ara Btrangere, the greater number have performed. Faublas, 6 st. 4 lbs., run a respectable second to Gipsy Cooper in the Tattersall's Olnb MareB1 Produce Stakes in January, ThePontiff.whohassinoorun respectably, being third. Since then he has done nothing to speak of, but being in receipt' of 6 lbs. from the Cooper shonld havo a triflo tho best of it. Falmouth, 6 at. 4 lbs. is in the hands of the owner of Baronet, and is better bred than the Champagne winner who has HJlbB. more to carry, and is much more to my fancy than a good many of thoso below him, though he is still in search of a reputation. Bob Sawyer, 6 at. 4 lbs., is too good for the company of tho Cup, though a six-year-old can't grumblo at this weight. But if he isn't good enough for Kensington Park how can he win this ? Kinsman, 6 Bt. 3 lbs., five years, is no better, for if, carrying 6 et, he couldn't got near Woodlands with 9 st. 4 lbs. at Wagga, over l\ mile,' how on earth is ho going to do it here when ho moots him on vastly worse terms. . Besides, ho has accopted in the Metropolitan with 6 st. — not that he has a show even then. The next on the list is no better, but Rivorton, 6 st. 3 lbs., is a stoutly brod one (Panic— Splon- dora), but hardly olass enough for the pace. Ginger, 6 st. 2 lbs., nobody BQems to cure about, and it is bo long since he has run he must have forgotten all about it. Seoundus, 6 st. 2 lbs., another I look on as out of his company, though in many races he has shown a consistent ability to stay, but then he has never mado anyth'ing like good time. And although tho timo test is fallacious as regards individual horseB in trials and so forth, it is eminently a good test when there is a certainty of some horse in the handicap making ' good time.' Caspian, 6 at. 2 lbs., used to rejoice in the happy name of ' Podus Okus,' and is by no means badly treated in comparison with his brother three-year-olds higher up. Kanaka, 6 st. 2 lbs., is unknown to mo ; his name has a South Sea Island smack about it at any rate, but although wo have had a Chinaman, I think, nominate for the Melbourne Cup, tho sturdy islanders will hardly havo acquirtd so much civilisation yet. Earl of Mar, G st. 2 lbs., is loniontly treated, and although they Bay Sunset, 6 et. 2 lbs., is bo vastly well in, she only seems so because of her ago. Aged horses with G st. f, v' aro hardly good enoucrh. Not having the nominau,.,,. namG3 t0 f fl j ? ht h° confusing th.s Sunset nna «,„' Sunset (late Baroona) together, but either of them „.„ „.» good ouough. Bolladnim, 6 st. 1 lb., has so far proved himself 14 lbs. bohind tho best of his year, and Bhould certainly go under to Gainsborough at a differenco of 6 lbs., for tho latter was a eapitul third in the Maribvrnonj; Plate, and would, I think, have shown up well in a subsequent raco, but that he parted com pany with his rider by hitting a post. Queens land, 6 St. 1 lbs., has u lot of irood stavinir in blood in hor veins (Tho Italian— Star of Peace) and Roland, 6 at. , iBJaa woll in as ho could expect, and has ono or two good performances to Mb name. Amongst the light division he is lonientlj' '-vntfld, and should certainly hold several of the middlo weights safe, notably Warlock, 7 st. 7 lbs. Falcon, 6 St., is in vory light, for after about a dozen losings he gavo his owner a roal good turn last Rand wick meeting, and though ho may not go two railed so well as one, yet he is lightly in. With the re3t of the 6 st. lot, wo may . dispense, except perhaps Geidb Olgothach — Jemmy Miller, of swoop renown, being the owner— who ought to be satisfied- There are thirteen at 5 st. 12 lbs., and Borne well-bred ones iu the lot. CaraotacuB by Captivator— Loyal Dovoir.i is as yet a maiden so far as a decont raoe is conoorned; Terrific by Tim Whifllor— Talkative, in whoso voina runs King Tim and Wild Dayrell blood ; Cowarie, a very bad public performer; Constellation ought cortainly to be highor up in rqlution to thoso he is now associated with, and indoed in rogard to many other throo-year-olds ; Fleet wood I don't know ; Coiirtonay has very1 Btout two-milo blood in him, boing doscended from Yatteudon and Mandrogora (a daughter of Mandrake, who ton years ago two-miled very successfully in England), but us yot Courtonay .is a maiden ; Lohengrin, with a dash of Eng lieh Stockwell in him, is another ; Credit once ran third to Soothsayer, with 11 lbs. the bost of tho weight, so it is evi dent ho won't do mubh horo when iroeting thn latter at; 7 lbs. ; Bonnio Bee has shown somo form, and has beaten Moreury and tho Pontiff at levol weights, so Mr. M'Donald's gelding has somo sort of a show hero : St. John —there are two1 St. Johna, but this ono is half brothor, I tako it to Sir Andrew and unpor formed ; Brisbane, own sister to Melbourne and Adolaido— will most likoly show up bettor with timo, though tho family is gocd anywhoro ; Suwarrow, a son of Snowdnn and Phizirig, also a 'dork un;' British Workman, a Tub manian, and not tho class. Thero are now twenty four left, of whom ihe four-jear-old Coongoola (own brother to Aconito), 5 st. 9 lbs., ought to be able to give eithor of the others a good weight. It is almost a hopeleBS taBk to wade through thorn, and several havo novor been 'put 'yet; and as there seems to bo nothing with tho remotest chance under G st. I leave them alone ; barring Banker in 1863i nothing has ever won under G at. 3 lbs. (including 3 lbs. ponalty.) With tho acceptances before mo, I may bo toinpted to pick out a scoro or so to include the' winner, bat beyond knocking tho 'roughs' out now, I don't think I am bound to go. Tho Metropolitan aocoptancos are large, and this is mainly attributuble to non-acceptors hav ing to doclure, not tho acceptors. I take it that tho next fortnight will decide tho fato of a dozen moro, but ou tho acceptances Woodlands, Hubert, Tomploton, Tooal, Strathoarn, Wool stone, Sweetmeat, C'olima, and Jaok-o'-Lantern should bo in it, tho sovon stonors being all of thorn ablo to do fair timo with fair weights up, and this dees not look liko a splitting nico at present. I havo a cortain amount of respect for Martindalo and K. O. B., but tho lattor is not good enough— well in as he is. Colima is oertain to be closo up, for sho runs vory truly, and sho has everything iu her favour, for several of tho demons oi torriflo paoo aro out of the acceptances, and it doos not look hotter thun a 3.36 raoo, and I would oven venture on a second moro. ? It is said that Soott alias Captain Moonlight, who was rooently rolcisod from Pentridgo, has ' organiBod a 'gang of bushrangers ?i Victoria, and that ho b.a.8 alroady commenced his deprb dtitiona. 