THE RUSSIANS REPUrSED. . There is news from the Tekke campaign, j and that of a nature explaining the absence 1 of further information. Beforo beginning! his march into the steppe General Lomakin, ] it appears^ collected 3000 camels near tho j wells of Burtiah, Kabil, and 'Sulir.cn, about! 40-versts north-east from Krasnovodak. I Tho Tekke Turcomans having closely j watched the proceedings of their enemy, on | April 15 attacked Burnah, defeated the ;i Russian guard, consisting of nearly 2000 i men, and' captured a large number of camels which they carried away with them, ?Pursuit being made by reinforcements im- 1 mediately sont from Krantiovodak; the Tekke, whose march was impeded by,, captured animals, were overtaken and,' forced to. confront the Russians, and now: happened an event which, forms, a period in : the/ history* -of Central1 Asiatic warfare.: Instead of having recourse to their-iisiial tactics of dispersing the camels and; attack ing theRussians in loose order,; the Tekke dismounted, occupied a strong position half-vvay up a hillside, and making ' tho camels kneel . down.-, in , front, .fired 1 from behind this living wall with the steadiness and : rapidity of European sharpshooters. -The encounter lasted till 'night, when the Tekko asfwell as' the Russians retreated in opposite directions. The Tekke, leaving a dozen- dead and some forty camels 011 tho spot, marched east, carrying the. rest of their .booty with ', them ; the Russians, having buried their dead, retraced their steps to the west, find;ng it too dangerous to follow an enemy whose strength had suddenly so very much increased. Obvi ously the Turcomans, for the first time in their (..history, were armed with modern ^weapons, or they could not have resisted tho Russian on slaught. This changes the aspcct of Asiatic, affairs. If any large number of Turcomans are armed with brcechload ing rifles, the Russians, to fight them, will require brigades where battalions have sufficed so long. But brigades are not easily/ moved and provisioned in Central Asia. - In the present instance the resistance made by. tho Telcko seems to have forced the 'Russians to abandon all hope of pene trating irito the interior until strong rein forcemehts can be sent across the .Caspian Sea. ?.'.\:The:..Russianv.papers:;take:.; no pains to concpaL their bitter , disan])ointment,;:at the painful intelligence which has reached them from/Central Asia- referring to the hostile encounter between GeneralLomakin's force and -the Tekke Turcomans; . Thoy admit that the/Turcomans fought well, but they endeavour to put the blame upon the Eng lish, whom they accuse of having furnished their- foes ? with firearms. Russian corre-:. sp'ondents allege that rifles.'' taken from the Tu rcomans were found *? to ; bear British brands. ; , ? A. Religious . i Impostor in Russia. — A curious. trial;- took place the other day in the government of Saratoff, iu Russia. Two peasants; named Tokareffand Kotchetr koff, .'were' accused of- obtaining 'money under false .pretences. Tokareflf had gone I'rom villageto village stating 'that he \yas ' the earthly Christ,' and that -KotchetkoS' was 'Sabaoth jVithat' he; was -inspired - by the Holy. Ghost, and that God had given liini the power of sentencing and punishing all men oh the. day ; of - j ud'gment. His white face; surrounded .by coal-black-locks, his glittering black /eyes,;' thin:; compressed lips; humble look, and low, harmonious manner of speaking are stated to have pro duced an extraordinary impression on- tlie villagers, who readily gavelnm any.thinghe asked for to procure exemption from punisli7 ment after death. He^u3ually /demanded a horse and a load of wheat, or -100 roubles, declaring that those who ' made -such- an ' offering' to !iim ithereby made for -them, selves ' a ladder by which to attain_oternal life and the pardon of all their sins.' . One ?of the-witnesses, auwealthy :, peasant named Lochoff sBid ithat. Tokareff iliad:. told him, his soul could not be, saved unless 'lie would sell his houss, fast for nine days, and' then' bring him , the purchase money as an ' offering.' Lochoff did as ho was instructed, and , placed 250 roubles, the amount of the- purchase money; on a table in front of a picture of the Virgin. Tokareff took: the money, hut loon afterwards told Lochofi it ; was ;- not ,. sum- j cient.'and not: only 'induced him, to make more ' offerings' but even to give, up his I wife to be employed b}' Tokiireff as a servant, i' lt'also. appeared that three wo- j 'inan-lived vvith; Tokareff, whom- he .called his ' spiritual wives' and ' mothers of God' and an iorn chain, wi th the inscri ption, ' Lord - of glory.' was produced, ; which TokarefF said' -lie -had obtained ' from an uiiknown /person.' ? The court . acquitted Kotchokoff, 'and .'sentenced- Tokarefl'/to re pay - to his dupes: the. money, he had , ro coived- from them, and to serve for fifteen 1 monthsriii; the criminal. - companies of .the Russian army. ? - Italian Secret Society. — The Italian Government is in tensely.: alarmed : at, .the spread, ot the so-called Barsantisme; which is a kind of .counterpart of the Russian Nihilism. Barsantisme dates back . to 1870. In that year a riot- broke 011 1 at;iPavia; and a corn pany was, sent to disperse the rioters. 'A corporal of the company, Baraantevby: name, affiliated: with them and shot his cajitain -from behind, and' thus securecl their escape. vAs a matter - of course, the, mob began to' worship his memory as 'that of a martyr, and his name has si nee, been written' 011 the standard of a secret society, the. ? object of which is to prosely tise, the 'army! in the: interest of a radical and socialistic republic.' -Every large city, every garrison? ' towir has a Circola Basante, and the .Go-, ?vernmoiit has its hands, full;- tiying to.catcli. members of this association. ? ? . ' A story is to'.il of ail Irishman who, bound' over tdT keep tlio .peaco agninsi all Hor Ma jesty's subjects, oxclainied, ??..'?. .Tlien hsaven helpj me tlie first foreigner I meet 1' . . The War Balloons at Woolwich. — In the event of Lord Chelmsford accepting ahalloon equipment, is proftcrcd 1-3' the Government some time since, a staff of leronauts and several balloons are read3' to proceed at once to the scene of operations. The adoption of the Government of the balloon as a warlike agent has created a new -industrial department at the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, as well as introducing another branch of study to military officers. The - Royal Engineers : and work people engaged : in the manufacture of the war balloons have had placed at their disposal a, long , loft near the inflating platform, which forms an admirable workshop for the purpose. Ati unusually large balloon,- to be called the Saladin, of 38,000 cubic feet, is nearly complete, while two smaller, the Talisman, 10,000 feet and the Saracen, 15,000, have been finished, and alieady made ascents. Tho Vedete, 14,000 iect, is ready for trial, and the Pilot, a small supply balloon of 600 feet, has been tested to good purpose. A great many ascents have been mado to a height of i-100 feet, at which position the balloon is held by a rop -, and signals by flushes and discs have been exchanged with the earth, practice at which the sappers who form the balloon class have become experts. Arrangements are now being made to establish telephonic commu nication with the car when aloft by means of tho mooring rope. The practicability of sending up a fresh snppty of gas to a bal loon by means of the little Pilot was demonstrated on Wednesday, and gave great satisfaction to the committee, who are devoting themselves thoroughly to the work. An Extraordinary Story. — An extra ordinary story is related by a correspondent of the Italian Nazione, writing from Lucca. Someyoars ago a native of Camnjore emigrated to America, leaving behind a wife and two children. After a time he sent home to them through the priest of his native place 100 lire. A few months later 011 this remittance was followed by a second, this time of 1,000 lire j and at intervals afterwards other sums were sent, making altogether a total of over 25,000 lire, or £1,000. The priest, however, never gave the money for whom it was intended, but kept it for himself, sending for the woman, and telling her, with many consoling reflections, that her husband was dead. At the same time he wrote to the man informing him that his family were dead, sending also with his letter an official certificate of their death. After a time the man married again, and a short time ago, having prospered in business and become ?wealthy, he determined to revisit his native place. In due time he arrived with his second wife and family at Camajoro, and went to the ?principal inn in the town. As ho was walking out one day a boy begged of him. Something in -the appearance of the beggar seemed familiar, and questioning the boy I10 found that it was his own child, and that his wife was living with the two children he had loft behind, in tlie greatest poverty. The priest, thus found out in his wickedness, endeavoured to compromise the matter-by offering to pay tho 25,000 lire, but tho authorities, who had beon informed of the business, declined to allow it, and the proceed ings against him aro now pending. Devoured by Sharks. — News reaches the 1 Fiji Times' of June 11 of a sad accident which has resulted in the death of 20 people. It appears.. that a canoe left Loma Loma with 25 natives on board from Totoy a. They wore going about when a sudden squal sent the sail against tlio mast, capsizing the canoe. The unfortunate passengers clung to canoe, and might havo escaped with consequences no worse than- those which would have attended discom fort and exposure, but the horrible fact that the capsizo occurred in a locality infested with sharks. These ravenous monsters seized their victims one by' one, devuiiring 23 out of 25 un fortunates whose lives were thus placed at their mercy./ Of the two who escaped one is a woman, but' her. situation is very critical, the whole of the flesh having been torn off one leg. The matter is 'altogether too dreadful to admit of comment. 'Gentlemen, of the jury,' shid- an: -Irish barrister; it' will - be' for you to say -whether ?this defondant shall- be -allowed to come into court -with- . unblushing .footsteps, with .. tho cloak: of lippocrisy- in': his : mouth, and draw three bullocks out- of my client's pockets with impunity.' - ? - - '?Mamma, I don b think people who make dolls are very pious people,' said a -a little girl- toiler mother one day. ' Why not, my child?' 1 'Because you, can never' make them, kneel. I always havo to lay- dolly down on her stomach to say her prayers.' 