THE SCOTTISH BANKER'S DILEMMA- . . . OUAMDEIIS'S JOURNAii.1 . ' Mr. Duff, the worthy and respoetoil agent of - the Central Bank at Tollkirk, was startled: by his teller, James Hamilton, coming to him to suy, just as the banker -had signed the last?ficial letter before proceeding to' lock up tho safe : " l am sorry to say, sir, the cash appears to be one? hundred pounds short. " J ames was very pale "as ? ho spoko, and despite his efforts to proyont it, his) voice trembled. Astranger could not hayoitold whether, the youth's agitation was the: result of fright or guilt. i ,> Mr. Duff knew him too well to let the latter alternative dwell in his mind for even a moment ;; but the lad's excitement was somewhat infectious, and it was with' just a little throb that he repUod : . " You're joking, Jamie." Mr. Duff leaned back in his chair and nibbled tho featlier-end of his quill as, ho looked in the lad's face. " I was never more serious in my life," reiter ated Hamilton. " It is some mare's nest, depend.upon it," said Mr. Duff, in a tone, that partly reassured the pool fellow. i'Havo you been vory busy at the desk! to-day, James?" " That is the mystory of it, sir ; wo have not- boon busy. Hardly three pages of our ciash-book: are filled." . . '7 ,7,, 7. 7 "7,;:'7 ' '7"7 ;:7:7 "Ahundred pounds! H'm 1 1 am going upstairs: )to dinner. In tho mcaptimb, chock your summa tions, and your cash, and by- and-by I'll come in to lock up' the safe with ye. "7- . . . Tho teller went from the banker's ' room, to, the outer oifico with a vory grave face. Mr. Duff, wh» lived with his family, as is customary iu Scotland/ in the very commodious houso attached to the hank, sent his jettepi, to bo7copied by . thi) junior clerk, :and tlien.went leisurely upstairs to dinner. . V -v.::-:; v i Mr. Duff's Was, for a man who does liot object to permanent residence in a provincial .town, a very easy and pleasant mode of lifo. . Ilis work, was not hard, nor wore his rosponsiblities very. . heavy.; He had a pretty and comfortable home in an old-fashioned country t6wn, 'and although: his wife lay in tho churchyard on tho brae by tht river-side theso ton years, still ho had two of the prettiest girls in Tollkirk— Minna and Mary Dull (hosides Jenny, the married daughtor, who lived in Edinburgh), whoso delight it was to mako hi) life sunny and happy. Ho was naturally — beinl known to possess private' moans, . and o account of his official capacity as the disponsol of discounts and custodian of tho wealth of the neighborhood — a man of some importance in Tolh kirk, and formed part of, as well as moved in, Tollkirk's best society. Ho was magistrate and farmer as; woll as banker ; and on Sundays, foil many a long year, ho had stood beaming holiind " tho plate" at the cntrauco to the " auld kirk.1' Everybody knew him, and he know everybody ; ; and perhaps nobody respected him the less bo- . causo ho protty well knew to within a pound tor two what every ratepayer on his aide of the' country was worth, financially. Ho took life very easy, as I have, said ; making no unduo fuss when an accommodation bill was .presented to him, if. lie' knew — as ho was certain to know— tho pedigree and progress throngh life of drawer and endorser. - He was respected too by his Edinburgh employers as a man of prudence and sagacity, who never made bad dob ts, never troubled them with applications for riso of salary or transfer of agency — whose hooks always stood the minutest inspection, and who, speaking gene rally, wanted no favors from them. Rather, granted favors, by occasional invitations to visit him at Tollkirk, where thoro is unsurpassed trout and salmon fishing, besides magnificent "links" for golf, and where tho local distillery yields a liquid of more than local reputation/ The city birds wore not slow to accept such in vitations, Mr. Duff being over a tumbler of toddy the best of company, and generous in thj matter of horses and fishing-rods. Tho chief inspector of tho bank came often enough to woo the fair Jenny, tho eldest of the family); and took her away with him ono summer (lay, to tho general bereavement of Tollkirk. The banker did not hurry over dinner on tha particular afternoon of which I write. When h& wont upstairs ho did not give a second though- to James Hamilton's pale faco, but quietly settled himself in his arm chair, after doing justice to his simple repast, to read for the socoud time tho re port of his own recent great speech at tho pare chial board, given at length in the ToUkirk Herald, the fine roll of his own — somewhat im proved—spoken sentences seen in black and whito communicating a pleasing sense of complacence and importance as influencingpublic opinion. It was nearly seven o'clock heforo Mr. Duff remem bered that he had not yet locked up his safo, and that his clerks were probably waiting below for him. He was surprised when he opened tha office door — leading to tho hall of his house — to find Hamilton still bonding over hri cash-book with an expression of deep anxiety on his face, and bundles of bank-notes lying on the desk be fore him. " What, James, still in a fog ?" hp asked cheer fully as he oame in. " Not found your difference eh?" "lama hundred pounds short, sir, withoitV, doubt." ' "' Hamilton had toiled throngh every entry crrtst and over again, had counted and recounted btf bufidics.of ilotes, aind now had a , vow sharply defined fear in his heart, and, a vision in the baqk- Jreufid of his imagination of a dearly loved old mother waiting for him at home, and who was ill Vblc to hear tlio responsibility of. such a ; loss — if foss it. should prove to be. „ A. mare's-nest, I'll be bound, llr. Duff said, good-naturedly, taking. Hamilton's place before the eash-b'ook. Very, carefully and with a keen eye ho went over each entry ; "very carefully too he counted the cash, and recounted ft,; but , only to' find that Hamilton's words, were top true. The - cash was undoubtedly, ono hundred pounds short. .. . V I think wo had. better sleep over it, ; Mr. Driff said atj last, , looking at his watch, , " Tho difference will turn up i in the morning,, you .may depend upon it. " Then the eash and po61cs/w'crc camed'ihtd the safe, 'ahd'the dfficc closed, for, tho nifih,., ,. , 1 V y-," /jPoor.Hamiltonlay.awalitnearlyallnight think ing: oyer .soiho probable . clue to , itho whereabouts.. oidJWjnussine money. Never: before, had, he left , the bank with such a,dread .on his mind, for he feltjee'rtain:,tliat he. had gone, over, each .item/of the day, that he -haAnot overrpaid: ;any; one -to, such an extent ; and , he .know that on him de volved the responsibility to make good any such deficiency. He hardly spoke to his mother as ho ato what she callod his y ruined dinner''— spoiled by .fluTobghqursS /itingi;In) the jdyen;;;, iipr could she get from him all through the evening a hint of the cause, of his trouble., She guessed, and hinted thai' perhaps' Minna Duff, ".the little: ; fiibt/' had ! . something <to .;dd! with has: gloom:;, dor, ,.slie fenewj-how :ihc.r;!;bpyjg heai;t Jay(. ) m-.-rcgarcj, ,to. hpj,, basket's ..young daughter; but' her son's' reply was equivalent to"d-"snuh.,!i'_'J wHelWasinHhe office two' hours- 'before' 'official bpak-hours on ; tho fdllowing morning ; but .no trace pf the missing money could bojfpuiid.i- Dor-, ing|tHhday, all the bankor's . customers, who had on the' p'reVidus<,day bfeeri paid large . sums',' wero; asfeell' to chbcTt- th6ir payments ; but'wheh foiiT' olclobk arrived/ and -the: -cash- hnd again- to h» counted, the balance still showed. ;one. hundred pounds short.- lftlic money. had. been paid away in error ho one hatl bqen honest, enough to. return it. ' "Theti1 foP tlie first tiriic ih tlid fiifefory. of. tho ®oUk:itk- 'branch; 'A'dcfidcnitf'itvthe cash' liaJd to' bei xebprted ! to: th e; b end /office;. 1 A » h u'riilTod pounds tgjfyrgob paan.may'gcpmm'sinall.'matieb.to.'iurorry' oyer hut" to .«Jainas.fIqipilte), i. whoso., yearly. salary/' after ten yems faithful, ai>d conscieiitiotiB service, did not amount5 to"' <Site 'hwivdred'ponrids,' and! whose, toother— save'for th'e' holp'Of a'trifliiig annuity left by her liusbaud — was inaigreat mcav- BurjBdcppndent iuppu.jimtJie,lialiillt)(.tD, refund this sujn' weighed' heavy He became aniiopp fthd'Sry'ons,liii'ot-' helng ' altbgetlifer 'cdrtpih tliat the -autlldri ties'- of ' the bank might h ob suspect"7i«)t of having appropriated the money ; and frbm very- necypusncss/.-was : guilty, diirbig ;tlie. next few-days o£f, making „ ppveral „ jsmali jnistakcs; in his. pash d&uiiigs;/' which" confirmed Jhlin" hi the belief that he had paid tlie.noney to pome unscru-' tMlouB i'ftSPttl'.'wh'o' did'not mcriW 'to 'acknowledge itfimmni, 'ii.-' i ii-.-'M!' .' ,v/(nbi'. si t-t! 5 :.i .v-f.i-:- c-1 0t,8eenmd»an . are, although jnjeality barely., « month" hatl passed, bcfore.a, notfrem Mr..Tait, ; tho chief-inspector ( JLr,'. Duffs" aon-in-Jdw) set thehfiatter'at rest; :"lri cbhsideraitioni" tho'hote reui,,'/,,,nofitlie,'ddmirable: modej in which the-bush' nesst: the branoh at Tollkirk! has hitherto been ; . cpjiiductod-the directors .have, agreed, tp.(-wipe:off: thd!doficien/cy.in cash, w(hich itmay behopcdwilh jncft-turn up -and 'be re-credited- but iii'doing'so; it'inusthe'firmly kept ih vie'w 'that the directors' by no means establish the present case as a prece dent," and must- remind the gentleman who .has eharge of , the Rank's cash at.Toilkirk .that at ,ho, future 'time will the directors' be 'disposed to re lievo hiih'of -the responsibility attaching to his office." I.-H ' ' o tf'Thoro|t Jamie ; thke that io' yOnr mothor,"-: said Mr! Duff , kindly, handing the official note- to ; Hamilton. -, j ',' I: thought Peter w;puld: manggo itv:i (reJEerring 'o his son-in-law, the inspector) ; " but we inku'n ca'. canny, " said tlio banker, relapsing into broad -Scotch,' to put the reproof, if such it' might bocallpij' in tho gentlost form, to spare tho lad'sifieelings. - ,;i '.i; -hh . ; There were. teara,p£. relief in , Hamilton's, eyes ; as'he read tho rioted , '.That' is' generous' 'treat/ m'ehV sir ; <1 was afraid tlicy would'!roui> sell bjr1 auction' me and my old mother 'Cat of 'Toll- \- kibk.".' i -II : :t ,;?.VBonp ye ? I- .couldn't . spare ye, lad." Then the youth .went home to. his, mother jubilant, a burden lifted from him. "Button tho next' evening, after business hours, Hninilton s faco was whiter than ever. His handB1 vero trembling as he fumbled over his cash, .and: ''cast'' and " re-cast" the long columns of figures- in/his cash-book. It wias market- day, a . busy diay, and large sums of money had passed into and out 'of his hands. To his horror, ho found his cash /Jiree fiundixd pounds short ! He had opt the. courage, on this occasion to go to Mr. Duff's room with his plaint. But the banker saw at once as he passed through the office on his way hp- stairs that something was wrong. 'V.-Ton ore late, Mr. Hamilton. ' (Mr. Duff Hover in a general way called James ''Mr." : His dping so implied misgivings.) . "Yea, sir :but I think I wont he long." His lips felt patched from excitement. " Are je ready to lock tip the safe with me?' ' ' " Not quite. If you arein nohurry, 'sir, per haps we can lock up when, you. come dohm'.' it-, !' Very well." . Mr." Duff went upstairs ; but on this occasion bo did not linger over his meaL .jVlicjt he caihe down half an nbur later, Hamilton was'not ready ' to. lock the safe. He was sitting looking into space) hia head resting on his hands; ; u : . i" Have you balanced your .'cash '.nqtv?", Mr,. Duflf, dskod with just a perceptihle-.edge of annoy anco in his tone. ' ' ' " No, ' sin' I diffw thtee hhhdred'pounds;1' ' iff Overiorshort?''- v/-- "Short) . sir 1" . v ,;-i. :tia - „|'Mercy:ion. us-! . This will netdo..You : must b#i£ir' y.opfoelf fihdra find it.- I have.to gp onf to a inbeting to- hifijhtf."1 :' The, hanker 6poke " sternly.'' ' Hamilton ionce more, : ; under Mt; . Huff's eye, nejvously.trenVover his figures and. counted! his cash.' The deficiency could in no way, be ac counted for. ' r "'This Is terribly aw;kward, ' James." '-'There wcro tears in the youth's voice as he uttered ': "-Yes sir ;. and it will drive me mad." ;fhen Mr.; Duff, returned from his meeting at eleven o'clock,'. Hamilton was as far from peace b« ever. The younger clerks had gbne away. Again the hanker and Hamilton went over each item together — invain." We can't ropbrt this to the' head office, what ever; happens,',' quoth Air. Duff grimly, - ."What isito he done sir.?'.' -, ... Find it !" , , , ,They looked blankly in each other's faces. . Both men went to bed with heavy hearts ; nor dip, the search next day throw any light on tho mysterious transaction. Mr. . Duff could not brhig himself to report this second deficiency to his head office ; and the only alternative left was to; refund the amount ,from his own private urbane. This, us may be imagined, he did very rcluptantly ; and for the first time hi his ex- peHenco he watched the younger men, and per haps hiB.trueted' toller too, with just a faint and irrepressible glimmering, of suspicion. A mis take' ofthis Bort might happen once ; but ' to- happjsn second timc at so short an interval mhae him uneasy on other matters than mcro Jspf money. . „He, had , a framework of maho- gany and'kiss rnado for Hamilton's deak, so.that no oBp conxd come near the 'cash in future but Hamilton himself. And so, with, what grace be could summon, and with many, grave warnings, Mr. Duff paid the " short" money,: having, as he said, to " grin and hear it." For a week or so things worked well under the new arrangement ; hut for tho third time Mr. Duff was destined to see Hamilton poring over his books long after, bank hours, this, time to hear on inquiry that the luckless lad was short by no less an amount than.fiye hundred pounds ! Had the shrewd, quick-witted James Hamilton, after ten years of faithful service) , become sud denly dolt? - , , . " This is beyond endurance," tho hanker said sharply, as the fact yfas' communicated to him. :, .; V . , .V ' ' ; " It ,is miost strange, " replied - the helpless .teller, feeling that the Fates -\yere .against, hiin. : :. ; - ; " It is impossible, you pan have, paid, the money jaway," "J ' ... " It is gono,;sir." ... ; . r. . ! . f 1 Then ypu must,find it.: , I can. ,no longer be .responsible "for. yopr blunders) ,/Here)is)np lessn isuin than' niho hundred pounds in less than:1, six iweeks to be accounted for. , i Many a onehas been sent, aoross'the sea for,loss)"j t f-.j i The jrpiitii ;'piitebi8iba8:.lp;'WvIu8 .face and fairly hurstinto tears. .' "I must giye itVup,''sif. il, can't. stahd this) , I musttleaye the place! . \ ,Mr. Duff was .looking at him with vory keen eyes as this ,was gobbed out...; /'Xeaye ,Tpllkirk ? Understand, Mr., Hamilton, , that you dare riot leave.Tollkirk before this matter is cleared up,'.' : For the greater part of the night the men. sat iup searching,' but when the morning came they Wpre.as-far from the mark as ever. ; ,Mr., Duff, much to the surprise, of customers of the "bank, next day " took over" the cash himself, and) lather awkwardly from want of practice, be came his own cashier. Hamilton was degraded to subordiiyito duties. His spirit, poor fellow,, was fairly broken. No trace of tho missing money could be. found. Of course Air. Duff could not long continue acting as teller. The .work inter fered, with even more important duties. .A, ton of Mr. Traill, the parish minister, who, wits employed at the. Aberdeen branoh of the same 'hank, .at this time visited Tollkirk, and being of tlio .same craft, spent a good, deal of time in Mr. Duff's, company, 'flic, subject of the missing Imoney was broached and discussed between them. Itso happened .tlint George Trail wasi, engaged to -be married to Alary Duff ; and the banker having lost confidence in Jlamiiton, and feeling sorely in need of; capablo help, proposed that George should apply to the directors : of- tho bank for/ the ap pointment of, joint-agent or partner with .himsoli 'in.tlm'iriianaigement of the Tollkirk branch/ ' Sb.it, .caTne.iib'o'ut.tliHt in a short time, George Traill,-, a, yhrewd, . , practical; business riian, . )rdicy,ed ..Mr. iDiiff lit the telling) table, in . order tq familiarise' jhimself with, tho'faces of the 'bapk's .ciistoiners. 'For .some days all .went Well. The came, market-, kljiy.' -,|'At, close , of. the,. clay, Mr. r Traill 's'.iCiiish was. five hundred ppunds short.'.,,'. / '.I".' ,,)/ i 'ji-iic'i i .i:,fV -;;'i '. i ; ;,-//' _;i : . -.CHAPTBIl II,i: i .' . ; -Disma'foll onth'bbuietGitfi'barlkjn Tollkirk) ' !Tlie:foHhe'r 'ri'hctonM8!0beciiriid: jri!'the' 'pftice' a |ptriic.|:;,Hamilt6ft(l had-"heqri:;rijadh Ill '-by the larixicty ohispositibri)and wak iri bed tm the day jthat'Mr; Traill's 'deficiency" occurred. ' After .'closely scrutinising qvery/'flrit'.y/ iri'the books/ Traill cprae to the conclusion' that- he had riot paid the money in excess'toa'ny one) arid that the notes must/have been stolen by some one on tho. pre mises/ Tho hank's safe was duly examined ; but the locks bore no marks of beirilftatnpered with. Thp windows and doors of the office were un affected ; and Mr. Duff's domestics — who swept out tho office — had been his servants .arid were known to him for years. The matter was on this occasion reported to tho bank's head Office ; but thence come the cold intimation that 'rio further deficiency could be made good, and referring the bank agents to their recent letter to that effect of such and such a date. '' ' " - 1 ' Mr. Duff began to think the place was hauhtcd. "Wherever the money was gone, it had to be- paid up-; raising -the-totaH'o'sses made iri'thisriiystcri;' ous w-ay to tho unpalatable sum1 of fourteen hundred pounds in less than three months. The mystery was- all the' deeper that during thri day' of' the difference in Traill's cash it had1 happened there had not been a' single cash payment, amounting to five-hundred pounds'. Then there ' camo vague rumors— such , as the 1 police) had tho matter passed into their hands, r would certainly have mado use of — that' there wns an itinerant locksmith, a gipsy, in the heigh-' borhood, to -whom popular rumor attributed2 almost miraculous power in the iuanipulatiori "of locks. Yet it would take a very clever 'locksmith indeed to operi' the Central Bank's safe unheard in ' the house, and to close it again without leav- irig traces of his work. The safo liad a founda-- tion of eight foot of stone, and was coated ' on the floor, Willi and roof with a two-irich plate of solid iron. Tho doors were of course of iron, and each— thero were four doors— had two keys :and separate locks. _ Through the lock of the ;outer iron door an iron bolt was each evening shot down from Mr. Duff's bedroom above, and while that bolt was down no key in tho world could open the door. It was necessary-' to he in Mr. Duff's bedroom before tho bolt could bo drawn or dropped. It was extremely improbable that thero were any in Tollkirk who could, oven with the necessary keys in their hands,'- find .their way into the strong-room un aided. / ' No .longer was Mr. Duff ablo to 'leave' the hank with an easy, mind for a two o'clock luncheon — with; forty' winks to follow — as had been his cus- itom these' twenty years. He was closely on the watch. Yet there was no visible cause for sus- picion. Bankers and clerks were fast becoming demoralised — in the military sense— from slieor fright, accelerated by mystery, and a sense of utter helplessness in face of it. Mr. Duff might far better be losing his fortune on the Stock Ex change, or throwing his money away ori turf speculations: in these there would he some re mote chanco of profit, if not satisfaction in losing' his property. His bark had up to this time sailed, in smooth seas, had even, hitherto, floated in a sheltered bay, unexposed to financial tempests or breakers ; but now a leak of -a dangerous sort had sprung, as likely, he imagined, to ingulf him at his anchorage as any buffeting of waves in open sea, Mr. Duff became a changed man. He was tliin and worn and ill with anxiety and watching. They were all watching. Traill was watching Hamilton ; Hamilton turned a keen glance on the boys ; the boys kept their eyes very widely open all round. Mr. Duff was unwilling to put the matter in tho hands of the local police, knowing that tho first to be suspected would be his clerks, and that the affair would, speedily become town gossip. Secretly Mr. Duff began to think theplaca was bewitched- . . His partner, George Traill, being called upon to pay up half of the five hundred pounds, resolved to get to the bottom of the matter. He had a bed fitted, up in the bankor's. business-room, and de termined to spend his nights there until some so lution of tho problem presented itself. His trans fer from the Aberdeen branch .seemed just then to prove a bad bargain.- , The keys of the safe, it should he mentioned, . numbering eight, were placed evory night after the. locking up of the safe and the dropping of the iron bolt from tho bankor's bedroom, in a strong box; tho key .of which was always carried by Mr. Duff. George Traill, armed with a revolver, in spite of Marya protests arid Mr. Duff's jeers, occupied the room when the bed had been , fitted, tberej d waited philosophically the course of. events. He slept little for the first iiiglit or two ; but rio Intruder came to disturb his repose. Tho long dull hours crept on without adventure or other result than to'make Traill sleepy arid cross during the fol-: lowing days. The bankers were beginning to de spair of discovering the thief. Yet Traill — despite Air. Duff's perfectly reasonable argument that if any man broke into the safe it would not be merely five hundred pounds that would satisfy him, nor would hq likely risk a second or third visit — continued to spend his nights in the bank. At daybreak) however, ou a certain morning in the following week, Traill, who slept very lightly, was suddenly awakened and startled by hearing the bolt that passed through the lock of the outer door of the safe drawn sharply up. Ho could hardly believe the evidence of Ids ears, thinking that perhaps he had dreamed. But tho " click was still reverberating, exaggerated as all sounds are in the- stillness or night. If the bolt was really lifted, , the person that drew it up must bo in the room, where. Mr, Duff slept. Traill was a courageous man - but in 'spite of himself) he trembled as he felt for and examined his revolver. When the re verberation subsided, there was ' a- silence for a" few moments as of Death, Sleep's twin brother. Then he thought he heard, far off), . a door open, . followed . by a step on tho stairs. Then a light' shewed at, the seam under, the door; presently the.' door opened, and a man entered,, carrying in one, hand a lighted candle, in the other a bunch of keys. The. revolver was firmly held in Traill's grip, arid before firing, he was about to utter a cry of warning, when he noted that the figure paid no heed.io his presence, but-passed him, making straight for the safe-door. In the dim light, to his astonishment, he distinguished the fixed, even, rigid features of. his friend and partner, Air. Duff! His eyes were wide open, and lie moved with his usual deliberation, but with an air of stern preoccupation quite foreign to His working habits. Traill 1 saw at a glance that the banker was walking in his sleep. His fust impulse was to seize him and wake him ; but a moment's reflection decided him to wait tho. natural issue of events. Air. Duff, without hesitation or fumbling, chose< the right keys for the outer door, and puslied it, as the lock sprang back, slowly open ; then the wicket- gate, the inner iron door, and so on, until he dis appeared silently in the vault-like shades of the strong-room. . When he reached the inner, safe, , lie took from, the well-packed , store of pound- notes— Traill eagerly watching him from, the door — a bundle containing five hundred ;.-ho then noiselessly shut aiul locked . each door as- lie: re-, treated. lie passed within arm's/length, . of Traill, bearing the bundle of notcs, thc keys, anil' his lighted candle ;, left the office— followed., by 'his partner— walked slowly upstairs 'to -his bedroom, where, he deliberately dropped tho Jbolt back in its place, and finally laid. the. keys care fully/apparently counting, them, in their, usual) :place in the box fixed in the well for tho purpose. jTraill expected he would then retii-e'to bed but iit' wits evident the somnambulist had riot finished . hia tnight's work. . Having safely put away the ' keys, he lighted'liis candle and again went dowm- Btnirs, carrying the notes' in his , hand. Traill followed him through the kitchen and out into the courtyard behind. With the same purpose like deliberation that be, had shown' at the' safe, hp now. marched. to — the, unvarnished truth, .0'" romantic reader, riaust be recorded— to the Pia-. sty ! Arrived there, he lifted a loose fold of thatch that rested on a slab of stone in the rickety roof, secreted the bundle of notes there, replaced the thatch carefully, and then turned with an air of relief arid went . indoors. . Traill did not disturb him, did not even - tako the trouble .to follow hiq partner to see if he reached his bed safely) but sprang eagerly to the ' loose thatch, in which, snugly lying, he found th'e. com fortable sum of, one thousand nine hundred pounds in bank notes I He could not help laughing as he stood there in the dim, gray morn- . ing, hardly half-clad,, for the purqriit hid/riot been without excitement. "An expensive roof ing for Duffs pigs)" ho murmured/ gathering' the various dusty .bundles together 'ari!a retreating in doors from the "cqld morning; air.) . , "I think, Duff," said'Traill seriously when they mot in. the office after breakfast— "I think, to. make' certain , that no thief, or witch, or ghost hasi beeii tampering with the cash, during the: night, we had bettor , count tho cash henceforth in ithq. morning, as well as at night ; that will make certain whether the money disappears at night or during the day." Mr. Duff assented. ..." Suppose youibegin thiB morning." Again Mr. Duff assented'; and with reluctant fingers-, at his. partner's suggestion, counted the money. ' "Powers of Darkness!" he exclaimed, "I ishall not i srtay another ' day in this house. The cash is again five- hundred pounds short !" Had Mr. Duff not been a remarkably bald man, lie would have probably torn liis liair in agony. " How much do you reckon your pigs cost you annually, Duff ?'' Traill asked with apparent irre levance and,' as Air. Duff thought, -flippancy. "Pigs! Hang the pigs 1 Hang the bank! and — - Yes; I mean to , resign my office. I'm not going .to remain hereto be robbed and ruined." : " I see you arc putting a new roof on your sty, and paporing it," Traill went on sententipusly. paring no, expense on it. Doing the thing stylishly, eh ?" " Are you mad, Traill?" : " Well, let me see. At' the- rate of two thou sand .pounds, say, in three months, that pig-, sty will cost you and mo just -about eight thou sand pounds a year." ; Traill was : apparently in his gravest, mood. " That's pretty . moderate, " Poor Traill ! The loss of his money has taken his brain. What demori has entered this house?" sighed Mr. Duffin the presence of- a despair moro tragic even than his own. " Look here, old fellow !" said Traill, suddenly bursting into laughter— "look hero ! I found these in the roof of your pig-sty-this morning ; and what is;jnore, I saw you put them there with, your own hands." " Prodigious !" Yea, all the missing money was there. The banker gave a champagne dinner to his delighted clerks on tho evening of :that day. : His own health; however, was in rather a bad way. In a month or two he resigned his office, retiring on a liberal pension to his farm ; and in order toeom- pensate James Hamilton for all his recent trouble and misery, Air. Duff requested, as a personal and final favor, that the directors might' appoint him to the position of assiatant-agent with, George Traill ; a proposal which the directors favorably entertained. These offices both of the gentlemen hold with honor to this day. It may be men tioned too that GooTge Traill and James Hamilton are now hrothera-in-law, each having in due time wedded one of Mr. DufFs daughters. The b(wk is James Hamilton's home ; whilo George Traill, has rented a farm adjoining Mr. Duffs. The! fresh country air, and exercise, and fishing, and unlimited golfing— all enforced on him by the. doctor as the best medicine— have put an end to the old banker's somnambulistic rambles., 