A GAVE ON SALAMIS. . V: FROM THE ALTA .CAtlFOKNU.' . : ; j - - (Concluded From Last. Week.) : I was striving once more.to : give? utterance to, , Ay -perplexity when the Fays of light outsidb be-; gan to dance, and a sound broke on my. ear that I, fancied familiar. Nor was I mistaken'. Clearer: and clearer became the tones of a voice that I; recognised as Waring's, and attempting, in the joy of recognition, to address him, I aw'oke. - ; It .waB no dream. Waring was still speaking, and what to my excited fancy had seemed the sUh was a ray of light coming through' a crevice opposite where I lay, at the distance, I judged, of from eight to ton feet. For a moment I doubted the evidence of my senses, biit tho dust.below me,, the strange dank smell, hut above all, the pain from my wounded feet and: the p'nngs of hunger,-- brought all to mind, and convinced me that it was nodeeeit. rthought, though, that I must have confounded the speaker with the American from my dream, and as the voice ceased, hesitated some time, im pelled to'shontand make my situation known, and yet kept hack by the consideration that, in such a retreat, I could scai-celycount on meeting friends, and a delay would enable me to reconnoitre; and, .perhaps," fly : without giving the alarm. The latter tlioUght prevailed, and I rose and dragged myself; with agonising pain, to where the light issued; realising for the first time how helpless I had become. - . .... : The. orifice at which-I placed my. eye. was nearly, a'; yard long- by perhaps throb inches in breadth, and ; smooth: and polished as steel. The light, whichjprdceeded neither from daylight nor, a fire, was plaqe'd at a. considerable distance, so ,'ihat a laFge portion of - a'1 .chamber of this, remarkable .cavA was, illuminated and visible from my. peep- hole.";1 : . . The; speakers were qujte silent, and I observed that arms such as . brigands: use were scattered "about amid' sheepskins and the rude woollen mantles worii by the Greek mountaineers. One or two pigskins, with wooden mouth-pieces, which made me long intensely for the wine that filled them, and the remnants of a repast, piled up on a natural' table formed' by /stalactite dtop- ping8, completed, 'as far as I could 'see, the furniture. ( . ': - After waiting long, I felt round in the/hope of discovering so.me -indirect;: way of. obtaining < a , fiille view, or even of entoring ,- but; no other ppCnmispreserited itaelf ;in that direction, and I ' was forcedto havepatiencc. ; ' ".Come, m'y;good fellow, -let-mo go ; I .havnot that much money, '? i heard- a . voice say, that I .could' not doubt was Waring p. " "What can I do ? I am not the only one," answered: another person,, whose hoarse- tone be trayed tjio-ju'ild, life rof the mountains, " We must live and they : have-'beon hard on us of late'. - GjVe',me your bill— give it quickly. You know : Demetrius is . waiting, : and within forty-eight h'puto' you shdllbjs free as'air." ' j-',i ? j ; .."Then -I; will stay here," said Waring, " and : yoU will see the hue and cry raised after me very j quickly. Our government will not leave a man | like me to your mercies, and yovi have put your;' hand in, a hornet's nest." ' A ? ; " Who knows ? I feel perfectly, secure," was the answer. "Jt is not difficnlt to' fanoy you' drowned in a drunken freakj and even if some haye their suspicions, I shall not put .piy name; and address in the Ethnophylax." . . ' ; ' : . 1". And whaUwill you do to me'?" O . If you. are obstinate— the ladh kno'w their Lusihess." . ' A AA A : You will give me up t6 tliose rascal to he slashed in pieces with? their yfttaghans ' V: ! ; " I can't help you, if you will not hear: reason. -Why should you kick up such a dust 1 You hre .young and hato '"'friends,' and whatrlittle"'money you -lose you will soon make again. Life .'is plea- ; sant at your age, and I would not; thro w it away in your place. I'll give you four hours to consider. You iyill have vyino'aQHVto'-drcnni'/fis-iiij here, and there is plenty of meit and vegetables in the cavity ; so I'll leave yoii.. : But mihd,ido- it and do it soon. I have a liking for j-ou, and; speik for your good." ? " Hang your liking ! I'll — ; f - ; Butthernstle of the fustanella kilt as lie' with-' drew was the only sound that replied. ' When tho old man had disappeared, I called through the opening to my friend. If a ghost had appeared before him, he could not have been more startled. " Where are you ? Are yoiia prisoner, too ?" he asked. ' " A .prisoner by my own act," I answered. " But not yet in the hands of that mild ruffian.'' , " And how did you get in here? You are not buteicle- the cave, surely, for I see no light." " No.'A I am further in than you. For aught I know, buried alive, for I can find no means of exit;" "A In ahswer to Bis questions, I told him the. whole story as quickly as possible, not. omitting to add that I had preserved my. revolver fit for soryice.;;'. "Just the way in which I was taken/' was his eonunent, . V and- now' I_undcrstand the whole affair. That wine in the Bai Rutse was drugged, and - 1 was trapped in a senseless condition and carried here. This is some haunt of the scoun drels, where they aro sure of evading all search ; hut if you can only get out again, we will teach them something they have not heard of yet-." "But how to get out? My feet aro so painful that I could not go twenty yards upright-, even if I were free, and then you would be massacred long boforo my. return." " No.grcat danger ofrthat-ns long-as they think themselves undiscovered," "But what oan I do If'" AAA"- v " Do !. Have some wine. : You must he <iead with hunger and thirst 1" : " For hunger I-am Badly off ; but I found water in here." . He went in search of some food, and- poked it piecemeal through- the hote, and then set about devising means of conveying to me some wina This was no easy task, as it was in pigskins, and the aperture was, as I said before, not above thrcV inches wide ; hut with the practical readiness of his countrymen, his eye fell on tlio empty scab- bard of a sword, less crooked than those worn by the mountaineers. He began decanting the liquid with great care into it, corking it after -with a '.linen rag, and passing it through, ' Much more wine was lost in the process than .reached my mouth, but iyhat I got was sufficient .to revive me wonderfully, and even banish for 4 ;time the pain of my wounds. ' - We conversed meanwhile in broken whisper :about the means of action. " Can you find np hole in the wall.?" inquired 1 Waring. 7, I carefully examined the, wall, and at last found an opening some three or four feet distant from the aperture through which we. had con- Versed. : "You aro free, then,",, answered Waring when i I had told him the result pf my search. " yw i hole opens into the compartment in- which I am confined.''. . . . With some difficulty I -succeeded in crawling : through; and a few-momente laterr stood at War- ing'sside. ; . . . ;? ; . j:- - I do not see exactly what is .to he. done," Baid Waring. "The outlet is guarded, .1 idare say, by ten or twelve men ; there are weapons, left about hut we could make, little use- of them against suci odds." \ - A " You don't want:to dic.fighting,. then ?" "No, by George ! As you have roughed through matters in this style, 'tis time to see if nothing bette can he done." . Here a sound in the distance interrupted nj and I hastened to. conceal myself in the further corner of the chamber. It proved to be the old chieftain, who, it appeared from what was said came to remove tlie arms that had been lof about. Great was his surprise and indignation to find tlio leathern scabbard soaked with wine. To his remonstrances Waring turned a deaf ear' and said sharply that he had so many hours allowed him to make up his mind in and expected tlie undisturbed enjoyment of them. "Well, well, my son, if you would listen to me you would not have need of them at all," said tho old man ; "but you are wilful, and I hope your stay here will have a good effect upon you. Take care of yourself, and don't drink too much wine." And muttering something about- that being the great failing of the Franks, he with, drew the muskets, clanking against the top and sides of the low gallery. > In an instant waring was with me again. A: "That is a good sign," he 6aid, , ..What" "That they have removed the, arms." , " I do not see that. It is so much the worse fo» us, I think, for now we have nothing left but this little pistol, that may hurt and may not," " No ; while the tools were there it indicated great consciousness of strength. They did not care what I did, being sure of keeping me in, even if I showed the might of Hercules, butthij precaution points to their having sent away part of their men, and the reduced guard shrinks from coping with an armed man." ' "Well, if of your build, they may be right." I said ; " but it seems to me to be folly to think of encountering them where a single musket, held at the mouth of a cave, would hold an army at bay." , ''We do not know what the exit is like. Any. how, they- must have good reason for looking after me- -so carefully— I was going to say us, but they do not know you are here. If they did— -. c:,= ; ... ./ ,. . Aiid;if they did !" , r. -. - . . r" They, might have:, as bright an idea as that which now strikes me," he said clapping his hands. - , . A'Fpr- mercy's sake make less -noise, and if you have imagined a plan of deliverance, tell me quickly." -You know these -fellows; are very super-.,' stitious." , "Well?" , . : A. . "This will not he the first time they have used this cave;as a prison." . . ; . , " That brings me as; little comfort as the know ledge of my present sufferings would have brought vto our predecessors. ' , . A , , .."How dull you arc ! Have you left your brains sticking to the rocks ?" A ? Well, I attend." A , ." There has been bloodshed. I have found hu man bones not far from here, and from their state I could tell that they ; had been rooted up from the loose soil by some dog. They could not havo been very old from their condition. Now, thcBe fellows, hardened as they aro, have a con science,: aiid the thought of adead man haunting his murderers would be terrible to them. " . " I understand you now. But supposing I im personate the ghost, if we frighten no one but the old man, we will be shot down as we attempt to sally out." " Leave that to me. I will take the whole re sponsibility upon my shoulders." He looked at his watch and remarked that we had no' time to lose. Bringing the lamp and some white dust he had found, he set to work to decorate me for my role. He labored for some time in Bilence, and retreating from me with the light in his hand, exclaimed ; " By all that's holy, I am afraid of you my self."- "It is lucky there is no mirror here, or might be too scared to proceed with the work, I said, for the wine I had taken had begun to operate strongly, and I felt more inclined to laiigh aloud than preserve the gravity becoming the part I had to play. _ T ' He left, me, taking the light with him, and i remained sitting on tho ground, feeling qu'to careless of how things might turnout. Nothing had broken the quiet of the cave for sorao tune but an occasional cough or hum from Waring, when footsteps were audible creeping toward us. More than one person it seemed to me there were, and words were interchanged, the sense of whien I could not catch, but which showed that my conjecture was just. I could hear Waring breathing hard, nay, I fancied I could dirtinguie the beating of his heart, as he awaited tno visitor. "I .have come in good time and to goodpurpOffi I hope," said a familiar voice. My fnend not answer, "Here is one of the lads wn? would like to have a hand in the affair. Ho is good fellow, but not nice in some of liis mooas . ha, ha !" and the chief chuckled contentedly, otiu no answer. , ,- WAnr " Bylho holy-Virgin ! if yon mouth," followed in rasping tones that aPv€aJ to come from the lad. „ " None of that, at least, yet, Marco. . 1S. "Why not? If he's drunk and wontj'' I'll wake him np and show him how to finu . tonguo." i Waring remained silent, though it was ei i that violent intimidation was meant. I » . this, I conld hear the old man displace one ..c_ after another and then count his beads e: n b ally, while I too was unable to account -ety;- behavior of Waring, and awaited w'ltl 1 hia first words. But nothing came. I » ,1LeBl. might have lost command of himsejt, bled for the consummation of our plan. , A| A. "What does he mean, Marco shouKo did ipqu all at once, in a tone of -uium- »He is bewitched, I think," answc©! Ms myr- ® » o?Ve me yonr hand. Speak, I pray j-on.- Tell wtoat yon want Marco, a crucifix !" ' - A deep moaning followed, and from the ; con- . „t esdamations of his attendants, it appeared Jw, thoy had applied a cross to Wanng's lips to eke the demon within. Groan after groan «nch louder than the other, and his acting ed perfect, if1 could judge from the stag- w uteris of the Greeks and the sound of heavy fSainst the stone. At last words came: " Bring "more! bring more !" _ /' "Bring what ? Tell me— anything I hare," an gered the brigand. - . ' "More, more ! f . " More what 2 - - _ . j < : ""More; more 1 "He means more of our men, aia Jhe- "i|CThcn go and fetch them. Or, stay, I will not b<ji alone with him .call- Manouli and.Tlioina, Hhonted as loud ta they could,' hut with anob'viouB trembling in'thcir articulation.- An answering cry came soon, anddt was followed by the gradual arrival of others of the hand; "Now speak," said the. chief, 'who: Was ...deeply affected, and nscd' rather' the torie'of 'yi .father to his Bon than that of a murderer . t? liis . vie; 1U" More— all !" groaned W aring.' "7 " "?!!!! ... . . "We are all here," was the answer. . , "No," said some one' "Stephanaki, the hoy,, is outside." . ... i " ' 1 / "Tell him to come, too. A pause ensued and' no explanation seemed needed iy the newcomers of the reason 'of, the summoiiB. IwaBastounded at this.acting.-l The last soon joined the company, and fresh appeals were made to my friend to unhoso'm himself." He ' spoke at last, in a d eep, tragic voice. - / "What have you done here 5" - ."What should we do here but eat, drink and Jeep?" I "Nothing else?" There was a pause. " Tell; I the truth, for I have seen that that shall bring' i joiitoancvil end before this day goes round." I The rustling of the f ustanellas indicated corister- | nation. " Yon have taken the life of an inno-/ | cent man here, on this very spot, and his spirit- 1 demandi vengeance." I "Bui" said the chief, with a forced laugh"; "dead men do not come back again.?, ; '' 7 , ; ; But the effort he made .was plain,- and the taciturnity of the audience argued ill" for' their firmness.- - ,'VYon cut him down in cold blood." 11 It is nonsense. I'll cut you dpnTi,"too,': if you do not stop !" !. 5 J ' i "Out me down too! You have not- the power to hurt a hair of my. .head. ,, Look -where the spectre hovers with : Iris hand toward' your throat!" ' "We'llsee— " ;i. 's-.i wv? 'y But his speech was cut short,, for I had taken these words for my cue, and stepped dntj stretch ing out my arms and rolling my; eyes like, a wahla'ci" i: -1- J- .V ' A yell of horror saluted me. No. nepd for "War ing to grasp the pistol! had given him for pell- mell, one on the other,' shrioking and blaspheming and praying in one breath, our foes fled, and their agonised struggles to'pass 'each'other and reach' the' open air was the only thace of thein within .two seconds. - ... ... . "We must hurry after," said Waring.:," If we give themi time to consider, we -are done for." . . Ming me by the liandj of -which I had sore- need; he lialf-ledj half-dragged me on, carrying tfiejamp, and holding the pistol in his mouth. The distaneo was short, and I only paused to put on a large pair of shoeB which lay in the cor ner, and throw a mantle over my shoulders, be fore dashing down the light and sallying forth. The unfamiliar blaze of day dazzled ine at first, Cut iny -heart leaped for' joy as Waring exclaimed that all were gone, and that - we could make for the shore without hindrance. Never have I seen more endurance and courage Shown- than by ray- American friend. He half anried mo at intervals, and then would auit me f <e run forward and reconnoitre — a matter of no te«ll dilliculty on such ground. Returning, he pided me, step by stop, never failing to choose ®S best stone to place each foot on, and utter ing no word of annoyance at -the peevishness I rental in my bitter weariness. Wc began at last what we regarded as the last stretch, for on the waterside lay all our hope of nelimto escape, when Waring, returning from one o»- his expeditions, told -me that a fresh party,, well armed, was approaching. My only answer wasfo cower down behind tlie fitst rqck that of- «red shelter, while.he did the same.a little -lower down; - We; had noil long to wait before eight or ten rich made their appearance, talking' hSiidly and gesticulating. '.Among them I recognised, more than, one face, and heard, enough! to con jecture that thoy had been separately in pursuit ot nio, and imagined that I must have made my scape from the island., : - It appeared that they were then returning to warn their leader. They were evidently wearied and embittered with /long effort.. One who Passed close to me muttered a curse touching noatmcn and coffee-housekeepers, which I guessed jo 1 nave reference to my trepanners On the previ- s day. They straggled on, taking the direction r, 'e cajc, while we, emerging from our hidiug- the water a spcc<' ul'ne(l sharply off toward fr!l'C\8tej)E brought us to a spot not fifty yards aiin, 1 or? tad stranded my boat. I looked -nt Jta. craft was gone. Not a trace mm «?y taend discover of what had occurred, Wo A75'et "herased tracks of feet in the . sand. 'n consider ' what we should, do, oimr?i' r';frclnt' that we had not provisioned hrnlt«nes j0m tbe cave. I was completely haurti a,ud .eve,v ring showed signs of ex- mom <« - ill should weti'ave once tIiM». inil'i ouv energy for safety .We rested cnKt.i, je B111?, went down. - Twice or thrice even ifTl a , W ta mijuth of the "strait, hut not, - could drawn "attention we dared elttetiun aDJontaine began to blow, as night lofcH hSlV a utterly unnerved me. and I lay ,etareic Blpfi„a iect5nS rock and fell into a distiiiS ly. repose was troubled by. no to limp t . ?'eb st seemed long. From time - yield acainT11 Penea my; eyes, to I All » t0 "e fascination of my stony couch, chanced "7. tacame conscious that I 'had over rnp Position. Tlie breeze blew freshly a heavv Uimu.t,e' heard voices, and t-heu and notice,! W i.wn ,Qver m® 1 felt about of& v,at . Itah my head encountered the ' ribs 'name m't w hce more came Wl T aiatoith1 ipxmtl reposing' l>e- the liust I 7,7 |)ar o.n a bed far different to b tl1r„n7iember(1;, The deadened light »t I couln eorefully closed blinds, and by Place, and tirn! K® hn?n f my resting that seemed ' articles of furniture hnt my han.l ? nUn viar' tried to get up fpeak but onl i!! po.erless hack. I tried t.o throat. After c lg J' a rattling sound to my ccodtd in t,;7- Eeveral efforts, however, I suc- aB old "woman myhcad. The noise roused Motioned with sitting beside me. As I ¥«) aBd stepped enffV SH -ir her finger on 4 Moment cknep.1 X 1? 10 next room, olwmed; an(i then a frank voice ex- again?" ; L'. aring, who looked, in tho uncertain light, a fresh and hearty as if nothing had be- ftulchhim; Why need I spin out my '. story? That even ing I. was Bitting propped; up by pillows in rpy friend's parlor, listening to the -finale of our ad venture. It appeared that while I slumbered the American ha/1 watched. - Ho was in great terror lest the night should pass . without any vessel approaching, as he feared for my life jatid yet he hesitated to leave me and go in search of assistance. At last he was on the point of start ing for the nearest village, when a light dancing on the waves at no great distance caught his eye. He dared not call out, hut without delay stripped and plunged in, and had the happiness, after a sharp struggle with the water, of being helped Cn hoard a Russian man-of-war's boat by his friend and recent guest, Gerowski, second lieu tenant of the frigate then in the harbor. \- The party, he learned, had been: despatched in pursuit of a deserter, and thus their opportune arrival was explained.. No time was lost in succor ing my unfortunate self, -and then the proposal was1 made that the armed boat's crew should essay the place of our confinement. ... Hie thought, however, that, if defended, sailors were no match on such ground for mountaineers, "and the extreme improbability, on the other hand, of the latter remaining after out escape, decided the question of an immediate return to Athens. . ' "And how. long have I been lying here ?" I asked. "A good fortnight," was the answer, r - "What! senseless?" ' "As good. - Talking rubbish, and fakirig.every honest Greek that approached you for a bri- gand." i . " And what has been done?" "How so?" " About the cause of all this ?" / My friend grinned sardonically and paused a while. -, , . \- ." I suppose you imagine," ho said at length, " that the Homeric old gentleman and- his. myr midons arc at this moment safely lodged in 'Athens !" - - -. ,. .... . . \- " It will do you little credit if they aren't." " "Read this!"" ' ? _ He" drew a letter from his pocket and lidnded .it to me. .It ran as follows : ; " Worthy ahd Excellent Sir, — In pursuance of instructions consequent on the information, you afforded, Captain Socrates Micliaelis has undertaken a thorough exploration of Salamis, but I regret being compelled to say that lie found no confirmation whatever of your extraordinary statement. No strangers whatever have been observed on the island for several weeks except two Europeans, who, in a state of total intoxica tion, . were temporarily succored by a village' . priest. , Without wishing to offend, I nlay hint that mistakes may occur, which, in the present state of feeling among the protecting powers, would be very prejudicial to our national inter ests. By rash publicity,, however, private .inter ests may also he affected. I would suggest then, for the advantage of all parties, that tho 'matter1'' he allowed to repose on its own merits, 'and havo the honor to sign myself, with distinguished consideration, '' .,... euavrhron Kalaiopoullos, Minister of itlfe Interior." . " Why they have turned the tahlcs on us !" I exclaimed/angrily. - : " Doh't'ybu rememher the old rascal pfopniseid to when "I was'his 'guest?". ' : -" Well, hut -what; have you -done ? -Surely—!' , "Oh, I have riot; been idle. I dined with him." , ; "With whom?" " With oiir.old fricil.1-" i. ...i "Where?" On Salamis, you infidel." " And—" " He inquired very kindly after your health and said he forgave you for your share in thiJ ' trick we played— it was done so cleverly." 