Some Notes on the Cricket Match In Sydney. LORD HARRIS TEAM AND THE ELEVEN OF NEW SOUTH WALES. [CONTINUED.] BY A TRAVELLER. IF the English Eleven began their innings in a "warm" style, it cannot be denied that New South Wales responded to the same most ably, for when three wickets foot up for 100 runs, it is a pretty sure Bign that somebody is "about," and in the first innings of New South Wales it came to pass that some time after the retirement of Baunerman Brothers and Oarrett, the score stood at 3—28—100. Two regular " teazera" now faced the British bowlers, in the shape of Murdoch and Evans; and keen was the judg ing aud quick was the stealing of rune, spite of the good fielding at point and long field—the ball got not a second's rest anywhere. Evanß has a grand sweep of the bat, and one that keeps well to the ground at that critical moment when artful balls at times do sneak under the misguided willow of the novice and salute the sticks. They would never have got him out but for a little leg-before-wicket arrangement; 4—21—108. The applause this time broke chiefly from the mem bers' stand, the general public appearing to ex pect 50, at least, from Evanß, and so were a bit disappointed. Murdoch was now joined by the thick-shouldered veteran Nat Thompson, and they proved a thorn in the Englishmen's sides. Murdoch has a fine straddle at tbe wickets, and can keep one foot on the crease and reach out with the other in a style that no novice should or could attempt. He treated Emmett's bowling with great respect, having evidently " met the gentleman before" somewhere in England. With him and Thomp. ■on there ma scarcely perhaps the brilliant clean hitting of Lord Harris and Perm, as wit nessed on the previous day, but there was a more patient defence, and when Thompson did open hia shoulders it was "four" after "four" ' hat came, graud drives chiefly. Vet Webbe and Royle fielded them ably when not placed too wide of them, and ran in from long field to meet a ball breast high in full career, and send it back like a cannon shot to the wicket. But for all Thompson's long bits there was never the ghost of a lift in any one of them, and they rinochetted along the grass, and each formed an inevitable safe addition to the score ; Mur doch and Thompson played so splendidly that it looked at one time as if the five wicketa would earn the crusher (to the English hopes) of 200 runs, for Eminett began to get demoralised and to .bowl a lot of widen, and notably two hi suc cession. Absolom stood hatleaa in the sun all day and fielded well in the slips. Murdoch was evidently a younger and swifter runner than Thompson, and in many of the runß he would over-lap him and but for a fumble or two at the wickets they would not have made 70 and 50 re* apeotively. When 180 were up, a new left hand under arm bowler was tried, but all in vain; till at last, with 70 to his credit, Murdoch lifted one of Ulyett's high to leg and it dropped quite easily into Wehbe's hands, and 5—70—138 went up amid heartfelt applause by hands and tbroata alike. Allen followed him, and here may come a few remarks on the silly choice of players for this team. The committee left that grand batter Powell out, likewise Gregory, and put in Allen and Scale, and so, with Spofforth disabled, it may be easily imagined how much better New South Wales might have done than it did. There was no foolish trying to steal impossible runs, as we Bee at times in Brisbane matches, and many a grand hit was allowed to go for a single, in order to make sure of no catastrophe. Murdoch might now be dead, but Nat Thompson wasn't by any means, and in order to show that drives were not his only forte, he treated the public to some glorious, clean, grass-hugging cuts. Allen never tried to hit, and was bowled for a duck-egg; 6—o—l9s—and now came Massie, a prime slog* ger, and fair defender to boot. He hit the only five of the day, clean into the pavilion. When, at length, Thompson was bowled by Emmett, the score stood at 7—50—204, and there seemed still a fair hope of topping the English score. Seals followed and got stumped, after another grand fourer by Massie ; B—o—2lo. Tindall joined Massie, who hit many a dangerous embryo fourer towards the fence, which the superhuman field* ing of the gallant Britons out there cut short to a three only, and those two men at long field did certainly cover an immensity of ground. Massie seemed to be in for a career to rival Thomp son's and Murdoch's ; but he slipped, half way between the wickets, in trying to get back from a nobly fielded ball. Slipped in a manner, too, that betokened spikes unfitted to meet the strain of a quick prop between the creases, and he was out, hopelessly and helplessly; 9—80—286. Coates cam* on, last man, and if he had played at all carefully, the score would have topped Lord Harris' men. but he must needs step out to a ball before he had even got warm at his post, and ;" all out for 240" was the unwelcome verdict in consequence. The second innings of the Gentlemen of Eng land was chiefly remarkable for the steady double-figuring of the first nine men who went in ; they averaged 21 a-pieoe, varying from Lucas with 15 to Royle with 29; also for the heavy bill in the "sundries" line, which totalled 27, as against 4 in the first innings ; a matter not much to the credit of the colonials. It was expected that the attendance on the third day would, owing to the counter attractions of the regatta, be much diminished ; but not so. for there were 4000 people present on the fint day, 10,000 on the second, and 15,000 on the Anniversary Day. The costumes of the ladies were gorgeous on the lawn. One of silver gray silk lighted up with " sultan" color and heavy gold collar and locket, was especially hand some ; also, a pale sage green silk, varied with some material of the same, bearing a white flowered ground. French gray roses with a prim* rose tint looked well, also, on a pale sky-blue silk. The match, which is not yet finished at this present writing, is about the best ever played in Sydney, in point of evenly-matched teams and keen contest. It would have been better still if Bchultz and Hone had been replaced by Grace and Shaw, and by the substitution of Spofforth, Gregory, and Powell for Coates, Allen, and Scale. But I would back the same teams to play 100 matches with no great advantage accruing to either side, so well and evenly matched do they appear to be. My arrival at the Civil and Military cricket ground on the fourth (and last) day of this most interesting and well*played match, found the game in a state of very even balance. Massie and Charley Bannerman were batting; the num bers up were 5—1—120, and there wanted 106 runs to get to win. Evans, Murdoch, Thompsou, Allan, and A. Bannerman were out, and if Massie and Charley B. had followed them without greatly increasing the score, people doubted muchly whether Garrett, Tindall, Scale, and Coates were equal to the task of running up the needful century and six; but Massie and Banner mau had evidently made up their minds that the other four men should never be called upon at all, if it could, by any possibility, be avoided. So Massie hit viciously whenever there was a chance, and the gallant Bannerman, with his right hand split up (in fielding the day before), faced it out like a hero, though one could see— by the way in which he (now and then) threw his bat out, held in his left hand only, the jar of the handle being too great for his wounded right hand to bear—that it was a great tax on him ; it was downright heroism on his part, and if all the balls he hit had " went," in place of being, 75 per cent of them, grabbed by the able fielders, who worked together like a man-of-war crew, hardy, disciplined, and tireless, it is not 60, but 200, that he would have scored ; it is " cricket," of course, to stop a ball, but it quite vexed me to see hits, made with such pain, go for nothing. When the score had crept up from 120 to 210 and no separation effected, a sort of caucus meet* ing was held on the ground by the Englishmen, and some new and fiercer bowling was tried, but it "travelled" the same as the other did, and when the wianing hit was made by Bannerman, one small but enthusiastic Sydney boy amused the public by an abortive attempt to carry Mtssie, single handed, into the pavilion,, but as the batsman was twice his size, the eternal laws of gravity stepped in and forbade the task. Bannerman well deserved the £38 they collected for him immediately after the match, and so did the prominent scorers and fielders in each team well merit the calling before the curtain and ovations of cheers which they all received from the crowd. The trip to England appears to have vastly improved the physique and style of the Austra lian Eleven. Spofforth is no longer a lath, but has grown broad and muscular as well as tall. Charles Bannerman used to be rather "rough goods," but I was much struck by the way iv which, after a drink had been brought on to the ground for him and Maauie when they had been more than an hour at the creases, Bannermau, who had intended taking first sip himself, Btopped the glass halfway to his lips and offered it to Maasie first. Perm and Lord Harris were " im mense " at long field, on and off. Indeed the fielding all through this long and moat interest ing match was a treat to witness. It is not often one ia privileged, in this life, to witness a four days' cricket match, in which the balance of victory remains an unknown and undecided quantity till the very labt moment; especially with players Biich as were paraded on this occa sion. It is still a moot point as to whether Eng land or Australia is best at cricket. Cambridge University took our men by surprise ; but it is fairly argued, per contra, by the Englishmen, that Spofforth and Co. took them just as much by surprise at the famous Marylebone Club match, and that neither event would have come off " quite so pat" on a second occasion. In the present match, which was between a team not the best in England and a team not the best in Australia, the batting, bowling, and fielding merits were so evenly balanced that it was im possible to choose between the two elevens. The Englishmen make their next essay at Bathurst, where they will no doubt make a " vent, vidi, viei" job of it. Sermons on passing event* usually come to us from over the sea ; but .Australian preachers can also find subjects of that kind. Recently in Adelaide the Rev. Osric Copland took " cricket" for a text. He said : —" Of late years we bave beard a great deal about cricket, and quite recently the game has excited an unusual amount of interest throughout England and her colonies. I make no effort whatever to conceal the satis faction I feel at this, for I hold the game to be healthy, noble, and beautiful. It is healthy because it is played in the open air, and brings into active exercise all the organs and limbs of the body ; it is noble because it develops some of the best characteristics of the English race, such as pluck, energy, patience, and perseverance; and it is beautiful because its movements are full of grace. Now, although there is a certain amount of betting connected with the game, it is certainly something in its favor that one meets with far less of it here than at other popular national amusements ; and I appeal to the young men of this oity to do all in their power to discountenance anything like betting at the OvaL Have none of it; but rather keep the game pure and genuine lest it fall into disrepute and become obnoxious to those who have a righteous con tempt for the habit of gambling. Having wit nessed of late some very splendid play, both on the part of our own men and the two teams that have visited oar colony, I am tempted to find in the matches that have taken place a few illus trations of some very important lessons. The poet speaks of 'sermons in stones.' Very well. Why not sermons in bats, and balls, and bails ? Paul did not hesitate to draw lessons from the racecourse; why should we hesitate to draw lessons from the cricket field ?" And the rev. gentleman followed up the subjeot chosen in a manner at once natural, sensible, and very much to the point Lord Colkbidqk and Mr. Justice Mellor have decided that fox-hunters have no right to tres pass on an estate from which they are warned off ; and that the old doctrine that the pursuit of the fox is legal because beneficial to the country at large, aa being the pursuit of vermin, does not apply. Everyone knows, aaid the Judges, that even if that doctrine were good law, the fox is not now pursued as vermin ; and that in order to exterminate it as vermin, there is no occasion to take a great hunt over lands whose owner objects; hence, the old doctrine, even if sound, is irrelevant. So the Somersetshire fox hunters who had been convicted and fined for an assault on a farmer who warned them off his land were, said the Judges, rightly convictel, and the appeal on the point of law was dismissed with coata. That is common-sense. Fox-hunting is, at least, not so sacred and holy au amuse ment that it ought to be protected at common law, and authorised to override the usually idolised interests of property iUielf.— Spectator. In reference to our report of the proceedings at the manufacturer's meeting on Thursday week last, one of the speakers wishes us to state that his name is A. Ockleford, and not J., as represented, and that he is not a cabinetmaker, but a wood-carver, although he admits that at one time he earned his living by making cabriole furniture. As to the first part of the correction, doubtless Mr. Ockleford is the best authority, and our reporter bows to his decision ; but in regard to the second count of the indictment, he produces " Collins' Dictionary," in which a cabinetmaker is defined as " a man who makes cabinets, bureaus, and the better sorts of wooden furniture." Of course, the dictionary may be wrong, but the reporter atands excused for this occasion only. The council of the National Association meets on Monday, at 2.15 p.m., when some business of importance will be brought forward, amongst which that relating to the New South Wales Intercolonial Exhibition, and the proposed grand national annual ploughing match, may be specially mentioned as good reasons for a full attendance of members, 