ENGLISH AND FORKIGN ITEMS. TnicDuko of Norfolk has (says the SHtJJUld Telegraph) subscribed *20,000 ' towards, the erection of a New Komiin- Catholic church on tho'sito of tho presonfc Oratory at Bromptori. BUTCHERS' I meat in London is; selling at 9Jd per lb. - to largo'consumer* all round; and tho wholesale pnce ,:8s. 6J. per atono of 14 lbs. Sorely therois an opening for,some of our sur plus meat tliore. * . ' / A LBrreB.from New-York'gives an.account of a new,electric.lamp.invented by Mr. EdiBon. Tho :fir6t . practical: exhibition of'it'has juut beon-mvdo in tho presence of a few friends, who expressed unqualified delight at what.they .saw. THS Btriko in. the Durham coal/trade has extended largoly. More than 6,000 of the men who had foUd against a striko passed ovor to the other side ubortly after. A number of non unionists aro amongst tho colliers who have struck, and they are to be assisted by the union for. ^.thoir manly o nduct." . . THE tint instalment of tho £10 eall made hy the official liquidator on tho shareholders of the West of Kngland nnd South Wales District Bank was"1 fuirly "welt responded to.; It was oxpectcd that the wholo of the dividend of £1,500,000 will havo been- 'shortly distributed, .fotne ^.OOO creditors having! already roccrved theirwarrants;- - THE Jiilcado of Japan has read his Ministers a lecturc oh their c xtravaganco and'luxury, after.', entertaining. thorn at a . banquet. The Friiuo. Minister has accordingly,> says a tele gram .from Yokohama, issued an order for thp cessation.of all superfluous expondituro in tho development of commerce, and stopped tho ex penditure for public .works. TUB liquidators of tho City of Qlasgow Bank have issued an ofiioial statement to the effect tbut the deficiency of the assets of the bank will exceed -six millious, nod they aro of opinion tbut a call of £2,250 per Bharo, :in addition to the £500 alreadycallcd, will be.required, and of this' theytdemand payment on the 22ud Instant.' .. i,: r . Siit'&t.; nicsS'Tlkicn received lately adepn-. tation representing ten Chambers of Comincrce in Yorkshire, who laid before him* various com phiin'ts as to tho.operation'of tho new Canadiuu tanff/o'n tho productions in which they, wore ' Interested. The Colonial' Socrolary suid he would consider * tho adWaableness of making a representation to tho Canadiau Qovernmont on' the subject. * > ' . PRACTICAL joking Is not always uoattosded \citli dunger to ;the perpetrator, as..is ovidcut from an event- which-occurred!lately, at Suze ^Surthc). A man" named Yurie wrnpped himself in ti white sheet to frighten some girls, and HO far .uececded that they all r«rt away screaming except one, who aimed a revolver,at the pre tendud ghost and tired six *hots. Vcrle fell dmid, one of tho bullets haviug passed through hishoart. .? <s A SUMUKR of gentlemen aRsombled on April 13 at the te'egraph office, Victoria Station,- Man chester, fur tho purpnee of hearing, by means of the CroysleyTelcphouoTrandmittorjt lie ordinary Hiittduy morning servico at tho Squaro Chapel, Halifax.; Tho words uttered by tho officiating minister, tho Hcv. Dr. Mellor, were, aecordiug to tho Manthhter Courier, heard at interval* qnito distinctly, itnd tho musical portion of the si'VYicd very clcarly. By'all present thoexpen meit WIIH pronounced a success; M. O uKvv, st'iit ft.telei?ram to tho Emperor of Busf.iat immediately on the receipt of >h» news of the latest attempt on;hia Majosty a life, and expressing his warm and sincereconffratula »n8 Tfn Czar 8 08CaP°* H. "Waddington tho Fr6nch Ambds t? PcteMburff, to repeat personally to the Emperor, In thenarao of the President of ^.n^CpubIlCrarVd .tbo French Government, tho Majesty* °f/ tbcLr. decp 8ympathy with his AT tho Congress of Co-operative Societies, held at Gloucester, on April 15, the Central Board submitted their annua! report, which showed that, despite the depression of trade, the Co-operative Societies hadprogresied in all departments.. With rogard to Sir. 0. ttussell'a committee, respecting Co- operative Societies the secretary was prepared with statistics to meet any attempt to obtain a recommendation that such societies should bo subject to income tax on profits which hare to bo distributed among persons exempt from paying it. THB persistent efforts which are being mid© ^ Bussia to ensure that the jjewly created Bulgarian army shall be animated by a Husnian spirit and shall be virtually a Busaian force are worthy of admiration. In every battalion, squadron, and battery, the commanding officer and a large proportion of the subordinate oiucors have beon appointed from the Russian army.; while a certain number of- gunners, troopers, and privates have also been drafted from tho samo sourco into .each unit of the Bulgarian forces. This wo were -able to state some timo ago; and w'e now . a* recently a number of young Bulgarians, tho sons of well-to-do and respectable Bulgarian families, havo been sent into Itus«ia to be educated thore iu the Im perial military educational ekablishments, and so qualify themselves for commissions in tho Bulgarian militia. Thirty of these cadets have, it is reported, lately arrived at St: Petersburg, eighty have joined tho camp at Teraspol, eight the technical school, thirteen the small-arm manufactory at Tula, atid four tho ammunition factories at Viborg. All tkesb. cadets have been instructed in the Russian language, und on completing their several , courses of instruc tion they are to serve, for eighteen' months in the Russian army, after which tlicy will rocoiye commissions in tho Bulgarian forces.-Fall Mall Budget. Lokn Dehiiy and THE Consebvative PARTY. -Od April 19 at the.eighth anniuiT conforonco ot tho Lancashire Union *of Consorvutivo'and Constitutidrial Associations, held at tho Con servative Club, Blackpool, :Mr. Biiloy, tho Secretary of tho Union, expressed an opinion .that the Earl of Derby 'might have withdrawn .from the society on uccountof the concluding! paragraph in tho report of tho nhion, which stated: "The voice*of tho country is undoiibt-* ediy iu favour of tho Eastern policy of the: Go vernment, and it should-be tho paramount duty, tff the party generally to maintain' that policy until it has b*eu brought to a fcuccesaiul issue. The firm and decided, yet conciliatory. spirit, displayed in the manifesto of 'Lord Salisbury induces the hopethatHnssia may yet be led to accept a reasonable and satisfactory modifica tion of the Sail iftefn.no Treaty, and . that peace may bo preserved; but if that Power should ? be * still bent " upon the violation of treaties,-and- rowlved-upon, a career of lawloiB -agression*- we-owe -it to tho foresight of our Government that Great' Britain is fully prepared for that last appeal to the arbitration of the sword." Though he held it would bo impossible for.the union to withdraw from that expression of opinion, it was quite easy to seo that Lord Derby might liavo Been in these words a condcmuation'of. his policy during tho last few months during which he held the seals as Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. - Resolutions expressing unqualified confidence in the policy and action of the Government, and ite eminently prudent and statesmanlike financial policy, were passed. ' DIFFICULTIES OP THE Buj qlary BUSINESS. A burglar had an adventure in. Sheffield on Wednesday night (April 9), whichresultedin his death. At midnight, along with, two or.three others,he endeavoured to break into the premises occupied by Mr. Field send, pawnbroker, in a district callod tho Park'. A sale shop, contain- ! .*ug>omevcry valuable jeweller}*, is attachod to the pawnbroking premises, and within the past few weeks repeated efforts have been made to enter it. The burglars, unable,to force the door or to get admission through a'bakehouse adjoining, climbcd to the roof, in which they niiido two large holia. Kvon then they were not succcs*f"l in gelling. into'' tho shop, and a® a last resource determined that one of their number should dcsccud the chimney, unfasten tho door from the inside,: and admit tho rest. Lifting off the chimney pot, tho burglars accordingly sent ono ofT their number, a youngmau,aged 19, down tho chim ney. The body of the chimney was wide enough to admit him, and ho got sumo tweuty i#»et down, within lew than Mx-fcet of tho kitchen fire, whoh tho chimney branched off in two directions, aud tho burglar s progress was stopped- Ho then endeavoured to climb out again, but discovered to his dismay that in his* eatrernoss to descend he had jammed himself in the chimney. He struggled no violently that a woman iii the next houso hoard thenoisoby 3 o'clock iu thb morning, and thought Fioldt>end " had the sweops." There the man remained for seven honrsj pnd formoro than thrco hours of tho time a largo fire was burning a few feet beneath him. At 9 o'clock on tho morning of tho 10th Mr. Fieldeend, attracted jby sounds of groaning, libteued at tho fireplace, and ascertain^ ing that thero was a man in tho chimney, sout iumibdiately for a builder.' Tho chimney was broken iulo in the room nearest tho kitchen, 'and two detectives, who had boen sent for iu tho meantime, fouud the mnn embedded in the cliimnev, and g.oaning :oavlnlly.: UhoyBnc ccedcd in dragging him ol,t w,'th ffreafe diffi. Culty. His mouth and eyes were filled with soot, and he was dreadful!* scorched. As soon as ho was taken out of tho trap into which he |< bud wrijfgkd he died. -Daily NtKi, April 11. | 