CENTRAL ASIAN EXPLORATIONS. One of the least known tracts of the earth's surface — or at any rate, of that por tion covered by history—is that part of Eastern Turkestan which lies between Thibet, the Himalayas, Russian Ask , and China, and including the great desert of Gobi. What was known, indeed, was not of a character to invite closer inspection. It is now 000 years since Marco Poio made | known to Europe the existence of the ter- i rible desert of Lop. The town of that j name is on the edge of the desert, and the j desert itself is one of the most frightful wastes ever crossed by living man. It 1*3 i covered with drift sands, and is absolutely barren and trackless. A Chinese explorer j who travelled through it in 399 A. D., wrote of it, ' Man 3' evil spirits are there, and burning sirocco winds which kill. all who encounter them ; neither birds are to be seen in the air, nor .animals on the land. There arc no other means of finding the road than b3r guiding oneself by the bones of those who have perished there.' As this extract shows, superstition lent its aid to intensify the terrors of this dreadful waste, and to the time of Marco Polo, and I perhaps to the present day the belief ling ers in the existence of strange and dismal sounds which are heard by travellers in this desert, and which are the voices of the j | local ghosts and goblins trying to lure the j traveller to his ruin. Not much authentic information has been gained respecting this little known land until lately, when some light has been cast upon it by the researches of a distinguished Russian traveller and explorer, Colonel N. Pre jevalsky, who has made some most arduous and exhausting journe}'s. through the for bidden regions, of this part of the world. The explorations of General Prejeva sky seem to have had as one object the hope of discovering something of the goid-helds which are said to exist to the south- east of Kotan, on Chinese territory, and on the outskirts of the great desert. But there was quite enough of geographical and ethnological interest to make the latest journey he undertook one of great scientific importance. By it he was en abled to give an interesting account of the strangely isolated little state of Lop, as Marco Polo called it, or Lob-nor as it is called by Prejevalsky, situated on the edge of the desert, and also to describe the course oithe mysterious river Tarirn, about which such strange stories have been told. This river rises in the greatest mountain region on the earth's surface, being fed by snows of the northern Himalayas. As Baron von Richthofen has written of it, ' The region which gives birth to this river is on a scale of grandeur such as no other river in the world can boast. It is girt round with a wide semicircular collar of the loftiest and grandest character, often rising in ridges from 18,000 to 20,000 feet in height, whilst the peaks shoot up to 25,000 and 28,000 feet.' Through the vast space enclosed by these formidable barriers j sweeps the river Tarim, gathering up in fluents as it Hows, until it becomes a stream I of great magnitude. It lias a course of 1,150 miles long, and then gradually dimi nishes in volume, and ends in some lakes and swamps, its great flood .-being _ ab sorbed by the ever-thirsty sands of the great desert. Colonel Prejevalsky started from the Russian town of Kulja, in the province of ; III, one of the latest acquisitions of Russia in Eastern Asia, in August, 1876, having.: two companions, some Cossacks and native interpreters. His caravan consisted of 21- camels and four riding horses. Ho gives in the account of his journey recently pub lished and translated into English, a favor able account of tho Hi Valley, along which his road for some time ran, and in which the Russians have obtained a valuable acquisition. ' Clean, pretty villages, with 'aniens shaded with lofty silver poplars, follow each other in quick succession. In the intervals are cornfields irrigated by; numerous watercourses, whilst on the1 meadows on the river's bank large herds of .she-jp, oxen, and horses aro grazing.' The expedition made its way to tho town of Chargalyk, where it was compelled by the hindrances of its escort to winter. Here Colonel Prejevalsky obtained parti culars of the gold mines to the south, which were sairl to yield an annual pro duct of about 1.0c n't of gold to tho treasury of YaUulc Beg. On the site of Chargalyk were seen the remains of mud walls of an ancient city, said to be two miles iu circum ference, and afterwards near Lob-nor were found traces of a veryl'irge city, now only represented by the name Kunia Shari — i.e., old town. On resuming his south-eastern journey he traced the river Tarim down I into Lake Knra-buren, after which it I rapidly diminishes, and finally ends, accord j ing to his observations, in the fresh water I marsky lake of . Lob- nor. Colonel Pre jevalsky found the natives on tho shore of the lake to be a people of primitive habits who subsist chiefly by fishing. They live in square reed-made enclosures on the reed-clad banks of the lake, and seem to be amphibious in their nature. On landing at one of their reed-surrourided villages ' you look around — nought to be seen but marsh and reeds, not a dry spot an}' where; wild duck and geese are paddling about close to the dwelling place itself, and an old boar is quietly wallowing in the mud almost between tho houses. So little does the native of those parts resemble a man that oven the shy wild animal fears him not.' They form a strange unchanged relic of the primitive sta^e of mankind lingering on in this isolated region at the end of a great river, and cut off by a frightful desert from the rest of the human race. The description of them given by Prejevalsky reads, says Baron von Rich thofen, like an echo of the most ancient Chinese records. Europe has emerged from antiquity into modern life, India has passed through numberless revolutions, Chinese dynasties have risen and fallen, the states of Central Asia have undergone nianifold transformations, and through it all these primitive people have subsisted on un altered in the depths of their great saline desert, nreserving to modern times a pic ture of the childhood of humankind. 