THE BALLA.RA.T CEMETEltY. JJeatli la tlio master here. He lias been from the beginning, and will continue to the ond of time. He works without in quietness, no fuss, no trouble, yet with tcrriblo strides. He lias laid twenty thousand botlios down to sleep in- this corner of his dominions. IIo works irrespective of rank, of time, or of events. Ho movos up and down in the busy thoroughfare; ho looks in the narrow street; ho lies in ambush in the meanest hovel as well as in tlio mansion. Man Cannot escapo his vigilance. Day by day the destroyer adds to his long catalogue of names; yet the world rolls on; winter passes away into summer with its bright and warm days, but ho knocks, knocks at the door of many a hale and hearty man who noxt winter is gone. The light is put out in this world to shine in another. Tho curtain of uncer tainty is down before wo have time to see what ire so much wish yet liato. It is well "we'cannot look farther than our noso. The-mounds as they lio in tho peaceful rest havo each their story to whisper to the attentive. Tho body and tho mound are for tha present-one. They could.not bo distin guished by an ordinary eyo. Here is a tiny rise of earth, covered atop with fresh grass, the beautiful coverlot of nature over • tho breast of the youngest flower of the home garden. Tho pot of the family sleeps on, tlio silent -witness of what the rest will be. Tho sun shines down upon tho little bed, and warms tho cold earth, while the wind sing3 a soft song to those tvreund to fear not, for the change is not painful; but gentle; as tho wind itself. It whispers one- more line of encouragement and is past. Now wo Btand before tho bed of one who was a mother's joy, a father's pride. Wild weeds and oats grow in profusion on tho untended mound. The great tree casts weird sliadowB on tho clay, and rocks itself as if in anguish for him who lies down there. Tho breeze moans round tho bongliB and. fills the air with sobs. We l'»ok closor for the cause of this sorrow. Across' thu middle of the mound there is ii chink; as if a inoney-box were meant. Wo shudder and puss on, A. splendid monument looks down Upon us as though it said, l( Behold about mo the beauty, tho wealth of him whom I cover. Look around and see these menial stones bowing beforo mo, or standing in awe of my presence. They re semble my wife, who jo life I made a misery, whose existence I often threatened. Notico my position, my dignity; are riot these great? My master breathes into me his spirit." Poor fool, his soul was required of him. Sad pictures of life tinybo drawn : in the "mind as' imagination's brush fills in tho detail. Ghosts- hover on the mounds of soiiio, inetioniria: us thoro, to tell of: covert dbeds of violence, or a great skeleton, with a bottle in its hand, motions frantioally for a fresh -supply -to allay the burning desiro and steep his past history in forgetfuiness. But fancy changes the subject, and draws/other scenes. Tho graves of the patriots who died fighting for thair country are surrounded with, a halo of glory which time will never efface. The noble men who fell in tlio Eureka Stockade lie peacefully amid the ruins of negligence and the wild fiowors of nature. The man who lived with his con scicnco at rest, who felt he did his fellow no wrong, lies without concern, happy and at peace. The mother who, having trained her oliildren in virtue's path, sloops on, waiting the happy time when the earth shall give up its tenants for aver. The Ballarat Cemetery lios between the Creawick Road and Lake Wend-mree. The New burying ground commands a fine posi tion in the parish of Bungareo, • Doveton street, Soldiers' Hill, about one and a-half miles north-east of the old cemotory. Tlio curator of the former is Mr. Rattery, sen., and of the. latter Mr. Itat'eiy, jun. Tho Sandhurst Cemetery is much better arranged and looked after than that of Ballarat. But this matters not, the sleepers will never stay to quarrel about tho quality of the mattresses or tha texture of tho blankets whou the great awakening takes place. 