PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, September 11th. The Speaker took the cliair at tho usual hour. ' CALI, OF THE HOUSE. Mr Berry gave notice that on .Tuesday next he would-move that a ca.ll of the House be made for Thursday, the 25tli illSt. 11ALLARAT WATER COMMISSION. . Mr Cooper asked the Minister of Mines whether official notice had been sent to tile Ballarat Water Commission, intima ting that the Government intended to take over the works within a few months; also, whether such notice had been sent to any other water commission, or was it iu tended to send any such, notice. Major Smith replied that the notice had been sent. There was no intention to send any similar notice to any other com mission at present. THE QUEENSCLIFF • FISHERMEN. Mr Woods, in answer to a question, said that the ground at present in the occupation of the fishermen at Queeus clifT could not be used for railway pur poses until the fishermen had quitted it. Tile amount estimated as necessary to en able the fishermen to remove was now available foi those who were prepared to claim it, but until they quitted tho land tlie department could not commence the works necessary. Mr Barr asked the lion, the Treasurer if lie would be in a position to pay the moiety of endowment to municipalities be fore the 30th September, in order that these bodies might be able to comply with the requirements of the Local Govern ment Act. Major Smith said lie had no doubt but that he would be able to pay tlie moiety of the endowment in tune. •STATE SCHOOL TEACHERS. Mr Mason asked the Minister of Public Instruction what steps he purposed taking with a view to providing suitable employ nient for those teachers of long standing in his department whose services had been dispensed with in consequence of their inability to procure a license to teach. He stated that he 'understood about 100 teachers had been thrown out of employment, owing to their failure to pass their examinations. This meant that at least 400 persons would be thrown out of employment. Major Smith said that two opportu nities had been given to the teachers of passing their examination, and they had failed. He would be prepared to give any who were qualified positions as truant officers or inspectors, but not to the pre judice of those already on the lists. petition: Mr Dully presented a petition, asking that certain reserves in Kara Kara should be reserved from selection. The reserves referred to were situated near St. Arnaud, and contained stores of water in what wero believed to be tho craters of extinct volcanoes. LANCEFIELD RAILWAY. Mr Cameron asked the Chief Secretory to give an hour next week to the discus sion of the Lancefield Railway Bill. Sir Berry said that after the questions of reform and the tariff, which were of greater importance, had been considered, lie would answer the question. THE ELECTORAL ACT; Sir Bryan O'Loglilen moved for leave to bring in a hill to further amend the Electoral Act 1805. Leave was granted. CONSTITUTIONAL REFORM. The debate on the Constitution Act Amendment Bill was resumed by Pro fessor Pearson. He argued that the bill was of that moderate character which might fairly be expected. Tho despatch of Sir Michael Hicks-Bcacli had re cognised that the requests made by the Assembly were reasonable in tlieir nature. English statesmen were necessarily com pelled to be reticent in formulating their views in writing, by reason of the great importance which was .attached to them. The necessity for us here was to keep our ranks closed, and if we did this we would be sure to get such a reform .as would be a desirable one. He regretted that tho nominee principle bad riot been introduced in a separate measure. The opinion of English Conservative" states men was ojiposed to tho introduction of two elective Chambers into Canada.. They told the Canadian delegates they would much prefer that tlie second House should be a nominee one. Recent events bad made this view one of less value, as the nominee system in Canada appeared to have broken down. He did not believe that a nonrineo Upper Chamber would be swamped by improper appointments. It was erroneous to state that the one House had not power to originate radical reforms in the Consti tution of tlie other. The Commons had on one occasion abolished tho bishops, and afterwards attempted to abolish the House of Lords. Tho Council had given sufficient provocation by throwing out the Electoral Act of 1803, for this course. Ho was strongly in favor of the plebiscite, and quoted from a review in the Spectator, of Dr. Jones' pamphlet on its operation in Switzerland, in support of it. Ho referred to the constitutions of the various States Legislatures in America, and quoted the example of one which passed a law that any judge absent from duty for 90 days should be deprived of his salary for a month, as a proof that legislatures needed tlie check of tlie popular vote. When Mr Berry left England he had received congratulations from an immense number of people, who told him he had obtained much more than tliey ever expected. He then told those who congratulated liim, that the Council would place any Reform Bill passed in the waste basket; after that the bill would be approved by the countiy and another Assembly returned to enforce the same legislative principles, as lie felt certain the country would stand firm on the question. Any durable treaty of peace between the two Houses would have to be made on the floor of that Chamber. He argued that the Opposition should not oppose reform, for if they did tliey would be haunted, as one of Nathaniel Haw thorne's heroes was, by the ghost of their own misdeeds, and concluded by saying that they might turn out the Government on any other question but this, but if they did upon this question there would be no peace. Mr Gillies reproached tho Government for changing front. [Bv Electric Telegraph.] Mr Gillies resumed his speech, and con demned the bill. It did not conform to the lines laid down in the despatch, and was in violation of the principles and practice of the Imperial Parliament. He opposed the plebiscite, and said if it had been in force in America at tho time of the Alabama difficulty two nations would have been plunged into war. Reform could only be conducted on the basis of compromise. Major Smith moved the adjournment of the debate. The House then went into Committee of Ways and Means. The item of woollen blankets was agreed to on a division, by 40 to 24. All the duties uuder tho list comprising boots, shoes, and slippers, were agreed to, by 34 to 2(>. Progress was then reported. Mr Francis asked if tho Government would adjourn for the International Show, out of courtesy to New South Wales. Mr Berry regretted that the stato of public business would prevent it. He hoped, however, there might be another opportunity after important matters were disposed of. The House then adjourned to Tuesday. 