TURF GOSSIP. | BY AOGUB. ; From a racing point of view the Avoca meeting, held last week, was a decided sue Ktes, though the "milkman" plied his vocation pretty freely, and that ubiquitous individual, Johnny Armstrong, was up on bore than one animal. The weather prevented me thoroughly enjoying the sport, andasdur be showers the stewards' room, which does luty for the press men also, was crowded, porting was got through under difficulties, foe arrangements would stand a deal of im roveraent The stand has only . one amall oor for means of egress and ingress, the paddock ia aliofrpUier too Jimitfed in itlditnenflioiiB, Mid the steward#'room oughtto be floitble the size, nni] placed near the weigh ing nuloBiirf. llowover, there wns ft capital luncheon each dny, and though moat of the vjgitofHSuffcred fromiold feet and dampcoalg, ibe ext'Cllent repast served in the refreshtnent fOnin helped to keep them in good spirits. Without, Mr. Hulilert I don't know how Avooa would fore for riuJing. lie is, indeed, (j,e " indefatigable," and the manner in which he worked to bring matters to a satis* fnctory conclusion evoked the admiration of "U present. Ab Nerissa and Supple Jack had been pretty freely backed for the events in which they were engaged on the first day, jjre dismay was depicted upon the coun tenances of those who had supported them when they discovered that they had been withdrawn, nor did their running on the Becond day give satisfaction; but I don't think the handicapper is likely to be influ enced by their defeat, as the state of the ground is said to havebeen the cause of their overthrow. J. King, the jockey, who recently purchased Activity for 70 guineas, soon got his money back, for he won a race on each d»y. Dolo, who is a very ancient customer, and must be nearly 20 years old, never jumped better in his life than he did in the Selling Hurdle Race, which he won easily ; ana Exile, getting the best of the start in the Stewards' Cup, won cleverly, though perhaps the first and second places would have been reversed had the favourite Aspen got away with the winner, who also started in the Flying Handicap, and as both he and lioland are engaged in the Melbourne Cup, some interest was manifested in their meeting, but nothing could get lioland out of a canter, and as he meets Exile on 91b. better terms in the Cup, it can be easily imagined what sort of a chance Exile has for the great handicap. Had Davis allowed Roland to sail along, I verily believe that he could have won by 50 yards, and though he is a trifle on the leg, 6st. will be like a feather upon his back when he comes to the post for the Cup. The Hurdle Race was one of the best contested I've ever seen, the struggle between the first four being well worth a visit to Avoca to witness. There was some difference of opinion as to which horse was the actual winner, but I thought Dutchman just got home in time, albeit Nimrod had his head in front the first stride past the posE The latter must have been in much better form than when he figured so ingloriously at the Wyndham meeting, and I'm quite satisfied now that Mr. Barnard made no mistake in giving him lOst. for the Warrnambool Hurdle Race. One of the features of the meeting was the appearance of a team of horses belonging to a wealthy squatter named Jock Robertson. These were four miserable-looking wretches without clothing, and as they were in very poor condition, of course they did not win any of the handicaps. The saddlery and the general get-up of the jockey who rode the poor animals were quite in keeping with the horses, a common red cloth jacket with a cap to match, and dirty trousers and leggings, composing the rider's turnout, while his light saddle consisted of a gullet-plate and a piece of leather. I believe he was fined a sovereign for allowing his jockey to ride in this cos tume. It is a pity he was not fined a sovereign every time he appeared at the scale. It is to be hoped that in future racing clubs in the country will insist upon Mr. Jock Robertson not making a laughing-stock of himself and the sport, and that they will strictly carry out the rule relating to jockey costume. F. Hill got into disgrace through cutting across the course and joining in with the two leading horses in the Selling Hurdle Race, and on being informed that he was fined a sovereign for his conduct, he abused the secretary, for which he narrowly escaped disqualification. The first event that will bring the three year olds together at the early part of the forthcoming season is the Hawkesbury Gui neas, for which there are 58 entries, and amongst them are Avernus, Mercury, and Fau Bias, the only three that are the property of Victorian owners. The list also contains such performers as Baronet, Nellie, Baroness. Gipsy Cooper, Gainsborough, Chesterfield, and Maid of Honour. I daresay we shall see a dozen at the post for this interesting event of the H.R.C., and this number will probably come from the followingThe Pontiff, Baroness, Nellie, St. John, Gipsy Cooper, Sunshine, Chesterfield, Maia of Honour, Baronet, Fal mouth, Knight Errant, and Adventurer. I don't know what are the intentions of the owners of Avernus and Fan Bias, but probably one of these colts may represent this colony at Hawkesbury, in the event of which we shall have no reason to complain, for I think either is good enough to make the best of the others travel. Of the New South Wales lot I've a decided fancy for NELLIE and CHESTERFIELD, the former became of the form she displayed at Flemington and Rand wick, and the latter because I think he is the most improving colt engaged in the Guineas. He ran a terrific race for the Sires' Produce Stakes at Randwick, and as he was not wound up like most of the two year olds that figured there, it iB more than probable that we ehall see a much improved colt when he strips at Hawkesbury. Of course if Avernus be a starter he shall have my vote, but in his absence I think the winner will be found in Nellie, Chesterfield, or Gainsborough. I believe great improvements are ia course of progress at Hawkesbury, and as the entries for the forthcoming meeting are very satis factory, I expect to see the season opened with great 6clM. Amongst the sires advertised by Mr. Yuille for private sale is the New Zealand horse Trump Card. Breeders desirous of perpetuat ing the famous Traducer line here have an opportunity of securing one of its most cele brated representatives, for Trump Card was undoubtedly the best horse of his year in Maoriland. Moreover, he is one of the truest-made horses in Australia, and descend ing from a Sir Hercules mare, js well worthy of a place in any stud. Tregeagle, too, is for sale, and being half-brother to the English Derby winner Silvio, to soy nothing of many other celebrated relatives, he should be worth looking after by studmasters. Mr. Gerrard is selling him and Echo, another fine repre sentative of the Wild Dayrell family, because he intends to have a change of blood. Tom Kirk has been scratched for the Metropolitan, and Jasper has been struck out of the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metropolitan. The name of Secundus, 7st. 41b., was accidentally omitted from the list of Metro politan horseB telegraphed to this journal last week. Visitors to Caulfield on Separation Day could not have been otherwise than satisfied with the sport provided for them by the V.A.T.C. The course never looked so beau tiful as it did upon this occasion, and in a few years, when the trees have grown, and the arrangements are quite complete, it will be just as pleasant a resort as the Flemington course. Tne couch grass has taken a good hold, and the turf is as soft and springy as a velvet pile carpet, reminding one a good deal of Randwick, whose beautiful sward it is a treat to walk upon. Mr. Fenner has at last I £iven the press mtn n decent room t-o write in, nntl (he weighing is now conducted in a properly-appointed enclosure instead of ti tent, fis was formerly tlie ense. Bnratti, who wnn reported to be a star of the (irsi magni tude, was to open the proceedings with a performance which was to electrify the audience, hat though she was apparently wound up to concert pitch, she proved quite a third-rate prima aonva; and failed to perform tip to the expectations of her nume rous admirers, who were, naturally enough, thoroughly disgusted when they saw that fier th'hut at Caul/ield was nothing more or less than a fimco. 1 did hear it insinuated that she was suffering from the effects of a severe attack of "metallic feverbut this 1 don't for a moment believe, inasmuch as it was quite evident to me that the pace set her by Nimrod was too much for her from the time that Ma astro Watson gave them the cue to commence, and Corrigan was very uneasy quite a mile from home. Nimrod's victory more than ever satisfied those who stood him at Wyndham that the air of the Werribee Plains could not have suited him at all; and as he is much better over three than two miles, it is more than probable that had he journeyed to Warrnambool he would have stretched Left Bower's neck. Bar One has improved into a good horse, and I'm glad of it, tor his owner deserves a turn of the wheel. He won the six furlongs easily enough, and he might have landed the other Hat race had he not been interfered with. Murphy, I believe, was the delinquent, and as this is not the first time he has been accused of the same thing, perhaps the stewards will bear the circumstance in mind should he ever come before them. There was a great crowd round the St. Alban's representa tive, Fernando, before the horses left the paddock, but though a compact little colt, there is nothing extraordinary about him, though I daresay he will win a stake or two some day. I liked a two year old named Little Queen, and Sunnyside struck me as a useful little fellow. They ran second and third, but had not the ghost of a show with Bar One, who galloped home Like a deer. Goulburn greatly distinguished himself during the day, and I regret to say that this fine horse is destined to leave our shores for India, where he should prove a perfect Triton amongst minnows, for he can give a couple of stone to such animals aa Blue Bonnet. En sign was talked about before the horses left the paddock, but he is a' mad-headed brute at present, and soon put his friends out of their misery by running round a fence and subsequently baulking. All the others save Goulburn made mistakes, and Mr. Glass cock, jun., consequently achieved a very easy victory. I was glad to see Mr. Thomas Power figuringupon ametropolitan course, and I hope to see him often in the saddle, for he has few, if any, superiors amongst the amateur horse men of Australia. There was a good deal of betting on the Caulfield Handicap, notwith standing the bold front shown by Bar One, whose position in the race must be attri buted to the collision with a post, caused, it is said, by Hangatira closing in upon him. Pyrrhus beat the latter cleverly, and that arrant impostor Timothy finished a moderate third. It is quite evident that Mr. M'Evoy's horse has lost form. It was a good perform ance indeed for Goulburn to come out again and win the Open Steeplechase after appro priating the Gold Cup, and so good a per former will doubtless be sought after by the Indian nabobs if he reaches Calcutta in safety. Sunshine, who is a tremendous puller, once more came to grief, and Cruiser, Oberon, Peter Simple, Selector, and Turpin all made some mistake or other. That good old son of Peeping Tom, Jokes, wound up the meeting, and sent his owner and friends home re joicing. The nominations for the Geelong Winter Meeting are only moderately numerous, though the Hurdle Race has filled well with 25 entries, and amongst them are Sussex, Left Bower, Dutchman, Monk, Nimrod, Pioneer, ana Sarchedon. Timothy's owner has entered the gay-deceiver, who is also in the Winter Handicap, which has 16 engaged; and for the Steeplechase there is an excellent entry of 24, while there are 19 in the Railway Stakes, 10 in the Telegraph Stakes, and 17 in the Trot Mr. Buhlert informs me that the 31st of July has been chosen for the Mary borough and Carisbrook meeting, and the pro gramme will contain Bix events, viz., a Maiden Plate of 20 sovs., one mile and a half; Selling Race of 30 sovs., six furlongs; Handicap Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., two miles: Maryborough and Carisbrook Handi cap of 50 sovs.; the Flying Handicap of 50 sovs., straight half mile ; and a trot, which might have been left out altogether, and the club would have saved 30 sovs. The announcement that Chester and Democrat had been scratched for the Metro politan created quite a sensation here on Wednesday. I, in common with many others, thought that no two horses were better treated. Certain it is that they were far more leniently treated comparatively than in the Melbourne Cup, and I must con fess that I am greatly surprised that they should have been withdrawn. The public evidently considered Chester well in, for he was the only horse in the Metropolitan that had been backed for money. Haricot and Diomed have also been struck out of the Metropolitan, and I believe the pen has been put through their nameB for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Messrs. Baldock have just concluded ship ping a number of horses for India, and as they are an excellent lot, no doubt they will meet with a ready Bale when they reach their destination. The thoroughbreds Ashantee and Warrego are amongst those that they have selected. Should the weather prove fine to-day, Ken sington-park will prove attractive to racing men. A very fair card has been provided, and I daresay there will be some good sport. Eleven horses are engaged in the Hurdle Race, and Transit heads the list at lOst. 121b.; but I like Palmerston at lOst. 81b. better. It is said that 300 to 100 has already been taken about this Bon of Panic, and, if this be true, I shall expect to see him win. Fritz, Pyrrhus, Carlisle, and Myrniong are pretty good animals, and should they come to the poBt, this race will prove a most interesting one. For the July Handicap, Sea King, Peter, and Epilogue look the best upon paper, albeit Bar One is so well just now that there is no telling what he can do; Little Queen, too, is a very fair animal, as she proved on Tuesday last, but if Epilogue is fit and well, I think he will win. For the Steeplechase I like nothing so well ^ is doubtful if members Mr, A. Coder's horses were submitted to miction by Mr. T. S. CJibhorn, in Sydney, on Thursday. The bidding was not spirited, The Denn renliHinR 800 guineas only, and at that price he was knocked down to Mr. K. Terry, while Mr. Silberberg purchased Oinper for 100 fruinenB. Mr. Clibborn has also sold Mr. Kenelly's fine filly Maid of Honour to Mr. 1'uyne, of New Zealand, for 500 guineas. Mr. Weeks, the owner of Qoulburn, com plains very bitterly of the V.A.T.C. not pre senting the Gold Cup to him after the victory of hiB horse on Tuesday. 1 don't know why this courtesy was not extended. Mr. Weeks, no doubt, is somewhat rough and uncouth, but if he patronises the V.A.T.C., and runs his horses strnight-which he certainly does -I don't see why he should be ignored. The disqualification of L. Grim wood for malpractices at Kensington-park has been re moved. I may tell him that if ever he com mits himself again, there will not be any ne cessity to apply for a consideration of his cose. 