MR. SMITH'S ITEM. His camo 'into the oflloo, and dra77in? a ohair np dose to a reporter's table he aaid to the reporter: ' ' Take a bit of paper, and I'll give yoa a good itom.' Whon the roporter waa ready the visitor, began : 'Yesterday afternoon Mra. Smith— my , wife, you know — and my daughter drove oat Wlbll liijr u»y lunia aw* u iiukiu xiuu. i/uuuy was driving the mare, , coming, down . from Mount Airy to the Wissahiokou, whon, just below the oreat of the hill she kicked off one of hor Bhoes.' : ? '? Jenny did?' ...... ' No ; the mare. Mrs. Smith, howover, oonoluded to go on, aa the roads wero soft and - the mare quiet ;- so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill.' ' Let Mrs. Smith or tho mare ?' ' Tho mare of oonrae. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick somo ferns for her 'mother, a flyv'or something bit her upon the nose.' ' TInon Jennv's nose or her mother' a ?' *' No no 1 The mare's noso ; bit tho more upon the nose, and1 Jenny hardly had time to get back into the oarriago before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner.' , ? ? ' Not Jenny 1' -' 01), pshaw, the animal, tho mare.- Mra, Smith, of course,: was vary much frightonod, for the mare seemed really exoited, she began. . to scream violently and to try to get bnt of j the carriage.' ' Tho mare did ?' 'Mra. Smith. Bat. Jonny told her she/i could manage thejnuro if she would ait still.' .( ' If tho mare would sit — ?' ' ' If her mother would sit still, but just . ' thon a i buoklb broko and Jonny wa'a unable to ? prevent the. marn from danbing down tlie hill at a frightf altpaco. When they came to the bridge over tl^e creek, Mra. Smith was over- - joyed to observe the inaro come to & dead '*- Htnn ? bnt nnimonilv. tho next monmnt a fit of blind staggers struck hor, and — ' ' Struok Mrs. Smith, or tho— ?' 'Don't you undoratand? Struck tho mare and before Jonny oould. comprehend the situation, she reoled about upon the bridge hi an uncertain sort of way, while Mra. Smith was completely unnervod and without sell control,' and thV- next moment sho turned: aa entire aomeiBault over tlio eida of the bridge into tho water.' ? 'Are you referring now to Mrs, Smith or Jenny or the mare ?'?' ? ' \Vhy, the mare ! Of oourseshe dragged the carriage in with hor, and Mra. Smith and Jenny in it. All throo sank to tho bottom, but tho mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jonnv clasnod her bv the tail. ' As they swam past Mrs. - Smith, Mrs. Smith olntohed at her dreBB — ?' ? . 11 Not tho mare's' dross ?'. ? : 'At Jenny's dress, aud this forced her to loose her hold upon tho tail.' ' I thought you said Janny had hold of the tail ; hot Mrs. Smith.' ' ' So I did. Mra. Smith had hold of tho— 'the — I|moan,yos, Jenny had hold oftho mare's tail and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dross.' ' Whose dresa, JsnnyB'a or the — '' ' You know vory woll what I mean. Mrs Smith held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Smith pulled hor loose, unin tentionally, ofoburse, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith Baid to har — ' . ' ' ' To tho maro?' ? '? You think you're s'murt now, don't yoa ?' Yoa know well enough 1' rnoan Jonny.' 'Well, then, Jouuy said to tho mare, what ?'??' ? ' I've got a notion . to puuoh your head for'you,'you'EOoundrol.' ' ' What did she say that for 1' '' 'I oame in hero,' Baid Mr. Smith, fiercely, ' to give you a iirst-rate item, and I was ' going to tell you what Mrs. Smith Baid about the mare, being dragged from tho water and how aho turned somersaults all tho w«y homo ; but hanged it P 11 do it now.' The roporter rose slowly, and elevating a chair to ward off; tho missle, he calmly inquired : *'*?-? ' What objeot had Mra. Smith in turning aomeraaulta all the way horns ?' ? Tho people who Baw Mr. Smith ootne down stairs and cmergo from tha front door say he lookod as white as if he had' just Beon a ? ghost. ''?'' ? a FArLUUE Ol? AN ADVEOTialNQ DODQB^— The San Francisco Post aaya : Au Ingenious tailor of this oity got » lot of empty pop bottles, put one of hia busimss cards in each, thon wrapped up every battl» noparately in a poisoned teniUirloin ateak nud threw them into tho buy froni the forry boats, one by one. He naturally supposed that tho meat would be swallowed by sharks, that the poison would kill the latter, that tho fiab. would float ashore, be cut open, tha bottlei discovered, the fact reported by the news papers, nnd an original and effective advertise ment Beour«d. That, wao- precisely what happened. Day before yesterday a yachting party pioked up un immense ohurk not far from Aloatraz. In its atouwoh wai found one ol the bottloo alluded to, . and tho card il contained handed to a roportor of tlila papar. Tho name of the clever merchant it con tainea* — will bo published at our regular advertising rates, if ao directed by him. Se« termu on iuoido page. 