That State education is one of the burn ing questions of the day, causing Reform and Tariff Bills to sink, in tlie minds of many, into comparative insignificance, was amply demonstrated by the densely tilled church on Sunday evening, when the Ven. Archdeacon Tunes delivered a sermon on the subject. After the stand taken by the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, and liis clergymen in Melbourne, it was generally anticipated Archdeacon Innes would, to a certain extent at least, favour the claims of the Roman Ca tholics. The ven. gentleman, neverthe less, did nothingof the kind, healtogether opposed the idea of their receiving any portion of the State aid as a separate giant Warm, however, as he un doubtedly was when repudiating their claims, he was, if possible, still more earnest when warning his hearers against a new creed which, he said, was springing up — Secularism. Subse quently he toned down his remarks with respect to Romanism, and it seemed to us that what with the utterances of the Bishop of Melbourne, on the one hand, and the non-re presentation of his church at the Ballarat meeting, on the other, he felt that, in delivering an address on the subject of education, he had under taken a somewhat difficult and uncon genial task. When alluding to the benefit derivable from home instruction he rose to eloquence, and fairly carried his audience with him, every person agreeing that the simple prayer taught at the mother's knee, would make more impression on the plastic mind of a child than scores of lessons in State schools, or sermons from the pul pits. Like the kind-hearted man that lie is, Archdeacon Innes revelled in depicting the joyousuess of young children, and with him all trill concur, that were every mother qualified and willing to impart religious instruction to her offspring at home, there would be little need for the outcry that is now being made. In the absence of this, however, he sought to show how the want was to be supplied, and, as can be seen by areportof his sermon published in another column, was far from being successful, as his plan would be to introduce the very sort of tuition which he says he is so anxious to avoid. After alluding to the efiorts that are now being made by the Roman Catholic priesthood to secure the right of direct ing the education of children born in tliat faith, he went on to say that were a separate grant given to Roman Catholics, the whole colony would be flooded with an inundation of teaching religious orders. This, we take leave to doubt, it is a bugbear, the world is now too far advanced for the Jesuits or members of that class to make headway. But even admitting there is a desire to send out such teachers, their presence here, judged from a Roman Catholic stand-point, "will be all the more neces sary, under present circumstances, when their cause appears to be so much in danger. Depend upon it, if they are to come, it will be no alteration in the Education Act that will hasten or delay their arrival Says the Archdeacon, give tire Roman Catholics their share of the grant-in-aid, and they would be building up schools alongside of our own. " They would not be satisfied simply to train their children up in piety and reverence for holy things. We should be hearing of Protestant children going to' their schools and becoming Roman Catho lics." Now, we should have thought, and do firmly believe, that by this time the Protestant faith is so well founded that it need fear no dan ger of tliiR kind ; but, setting this aside for the present let us see how the Archdeacon proposes to remedy the matter. He wantB the State to say, " We shall no longer allow any impediment to be put in the way of the churches giving such voluntary religious instruction as they are able to devise In little out-of- the-way schools, where there is no Sunday school and no religious service, we shall allow the State teacher to be made the medium of teaching simple lessons of love to man and duty to God. He is to teach the children the Lord's Prayer and the Ten Commandments, with a conscience clause, in case any parents, object And no local boards of advice shall be henceforth allowed to interfeiji with, or'-hinder, the various churches |n their efforts to train up the adherents 'of their several faiths in such religious practices and principles as they are able to im part This is all that is required, but nothing less will satisfy the religious instincts of the community." Now were the Archdeacon's propo sal carried into effect, it is presumed he would hot object to Roman Catholic clergymen entering such schools and imparting religious instruction. True, he says that the minister is only to be given facilities to "catechise children of his own creed, hut, supposing there were anything in the cry about prose lytising, would it not be far more, -dangerous to admit Roman Catholic priests into the State school than to insist upon their coin- 1 fining their attentions to their own schools? If Protestant children are likely to be attracted away from one school to the other. is it not still more I probable that -'they will be converted j when brought into direct contact 1 in 1 their own sdiools with the priesthood ? Of course it may be -urged that when a \- priest is there engaged, the Protestant children will be told they must not enter, but children, like the members of a much-honoured profession, like to go where told they are not wanted. There was no proselytising' talked about under the old denominational system. This, notwithstanding that under that regime the priesthood had greater advantages than ever they will be likely to possess again, as, not being debarred from entering the schools in those days, Protestant clergymen were seldom or never seen there. Why, then, should there be any, supposing it were partially resorted to in order to satisfy the religious scruples of a de nomination said to represent a fourth 'of our population ? If instead of the present system, payment were made by results, not only would the Roman Catholics be satisfied, as they could have their own schools, but — as we have already shown in a previous article — private enterprise would be fostered, and, all the Protestant de nominations being agreeable, there would be no objection to the introduc tion of the Bible and other good books into our State schools, and the ghost of secularism would be well and safely laid. 