THE-CLOTEy FOOT Br tec AttsoE or l.ujr Acdlet = picket " AC., Ac. Ceitteb SIS. — " to a pfep Lawnv pru isapita tbev Came. I< £« summer time again, the be,nwmjg pf; , " the tima when summer is fairest and . i/«t the voung leaves in tho woods tender t"lPLLt enough to let the sunlight Ihrongh. the Young ferns just unfurling their faoidPrfecc of Wales's featliers, the roses just " „ the patches- of common land and ? . o'rnrrs of meadows ablaze with gold, the tv an Jtalian blue, the day so long that one . Itaost forgets there is such a thing as night in, It/as A season tliat I.aura had always lived and cuen- now, gloomy as was the out-/ jjTof herding life, she felt her spmti hzhtencd widi the brightness of the land. Her cheerfulness astonished Celia, who was m tta, of chrociic indignation against John Trevoton, which was aU the more_ intense because she was fcrbidden to talk of him. ' I never knew anyone take things so lightly v0u do, Laura," she exclaimed, one after- tcon when' she found Mrs: Treverton just re-; Urn.d from a long ramble in the little wood hat adjoined thc.Manor House grounds. "Why should I make the most of my troubles? Earth teems so full of gladness and hops at this season that one cannot help; kopinc." _ \- Yen cannot, perhaps. t eay oc can- Bot " Celia retorted, snappishly, " if you mean to include me. 71efB.off hoping before I was ei- htcen. "What is . there to hope for in a piiih where there- are only two eligible bachelors, one of tho two as ugly as sin, and the other an incorrigible flirt, a man who seems always on the brink of proposing,, yet never proposes?" . 'You have not counted your devoted ad mirer, Mr. Sampson. Hehnakes a third." "Sandy-haired, and a -village solicitor." Thank you, Eaura. I Inure not sunk so low , n that. If I married him I should have to tuany his sUter Eliza, aud that would bo quite" too dreadful. Xo, cjeur, I canmanuge to (list as I am, ' in maiden meditation, fancy free.' When I change my situation I shall espcct to better myself. : As for you, Lanra, vnu are a perfect wonder. I never saw you looking so well, "Yet in your position I am lure I should have cried my eyes out." " That wouldn't havo made tho position letter. I have nut left off hoping, Celia, and when T feel low-spiriited I set myself to work to forget my own Irotzbjes. There is so much to he looked after onau est lute like this— tliehouse, the grounds, the pool- people— I can always find something to do.-', ' ' You are a paragon of industry ; X nesver the garden as pretty as it is this year." "Hike everything to look its best," ' said Laura, blushing at her awn thoughts. The mm solace of her' life of late had been to preserve and benutify the good old house »nd its surroundings. Tho secret hope that John Ter '. ra- ton wnlrlcomo back some day, and tliat life would be fair and sweet for hcr again, was the hlden spring of all bcr actions. Evcrv mnnisng she said to herself. " He may come" to-dayz" .every, night she consoled her- lelf witli tho fancy that he might come to morrow. " I may havy to wait for years," she said in (ior "raver morvents,." but let him come when be will he shall find that I have been a faithful IP-ward." tilic had never left tlip Manor House since the carou back from her lonely honeymoon. Elie had received 'vanious hospitable, invitations from the county famj lies, who were anxious to be civil to her now that she was. family. es tablished among thiim as a landowner, but she - refused all such invitations, excusing herself because of \ her husband's enforced absence. When j, i returned to Eng land siio would "lie ,lcligliteil to visit with him, and so oni; whereby tho country people were given to 4 understand thnt there was nothing extraordinary or umvaitrnntablo in Mr. Trcvertou's nou-appearanco at the Manor House. " His wifu seems to ajiprove of hi -conduct, so one can only tuppopejthitt it's nil right," said people, notwithstanrlisg which the majority dung affcetjonatdy to the supposition that it n as all wrong. ' 1 lespile Laura/a hopefulness, and that nvcctness of temper and gaiety of jniml which preserved tho yniitliful beauty of lior face, (here were hours — one hour, perhaps. in every day—when licr spirits drooped, - and hope seemed. to sicken. She had . pored oyer John Trovcrton's last loiter until tine paper - upon which it was written had grown thin and worn with frcipicut handling : hut at iho best, dear M the letter was to her, she could out extract much hope from it. The l< tier was not utterly hopeless -ill its -tonp. Yet the writer spoke of a parting that might be for life.; of a tie that might hist for ever ; a tic tliat bound liiiu iu honor, if not in fact, to Kane other woman. ... He had w ronged her deeply by that brokcu marriage— wronged her by supposing that tlie possession of Jasper -. Trovcrton's /estate could in any wise compensate lier for "the false position in which that marriage, had placed her: and yet she could not find it in her heart to l,c angry with him. Shu loved him too well, snd tlii.i letter, whutever guilt it vaguely con fessed. overflowed with love for her. Sho forgave him all things fur the sake of' tliat love. . ' \Vbcu had she btguu to love liirn, slio asked herself sometimes iu a sad reverie, t-lie had ip:- stimuli liini closely as to the growth of his love, but had been slow to make 'her u\vu confession. ; . .IJow well she remembered his pale, tired face that winter niglit, just a year and a 'Iiuif sg". when lie eaiiio into the lamp-lit room and took bis seat ->n the opposite side Of the hearth, 8 stranger and half an' enemy. . fihi- had liked and admired him from the very first, knowing that he .was prejudiced against her. The pale clear cnt face, the grey eves with their black las-lies, which made them look black in . some .lights, hazel in others ; the thoughtful moutli, and that all pervading expression of melancholy which- had »t once enlisted her-sympalhy all these liod pleased lu& !. , . ... .. ., > "1 must have becn dri-.-ulfuliy wcalc-niindsd,'.' ihu said to.Jterself, " for I. really think X fell in box. with .him at first sight." . ' That little wood behind the Manor House grounds was Laura's favorite resort in 'this early summer time. It was tho most pic turesque of woods-, fur the: ground sloped steeply to a narrow river, on the outer side of which there was a rugged bank, topped by a grove of fir trees. The stream ran brawl ing over a rocky bed, and the bold masses of rock litre saining purple, or changeful grey, there creen with moss ; the fringe of ferns upon the river brim ; the old hoU-ruincd wooden -bridge that spanned tho torrent ; the background «>f beech and oak, mingled with the darker foliage of- old Scotch firs ; nnd, towering darkly above all, tlio lofty ridge of moorland, made a picture that Laura fondly loved. Here she came when the prim gardens of the Manor House seemed too small to hold her thoughts and cares. Here she seemed to breathe a freer air. She came to this spot one evening in June, after a day of sunny weather which had itemed longer and wearier and altogether harder to bear than the generality of her days. Celia hail been with her all day, and, Celia's small talk hail been drearier than solitude. She was thankful to be aloue in this quiet shelter, where the indefatigable labors of the vnodpeeker nnd the babble of the stream were the only sounds that stirred the summer eilence. AU day long the heat had been hardly en durable, now there was a breath of coolness in the air, and nothing left of that fierce .sun but .ft yellow light in the western sky. .ill-.: hail a. volume of f-ihclley in her pf-rk-.t, ' taken' up from atn-uig the books an the tabic in her favorite room. It j . -bUihfd by spatial vrasgcaast vithtte Bifiyir. v reserved, V- : - - was one of this books she loved best, and ' bad bfen . tbo. companion of many a'- ramble. She seated hot-self on a fallen trunk of oak be side the riwir, and opened- the volume hap hazard at "'Rosalind and Helen," and she read on till sk? came to these lovely litis which picture such a spot as that where she was sit-, ting, To a ilccp Uuny Hell they came, To a stone scat beside spring, O'er which the oolunm'd wood did frame A roofless temple, like the fane VTie re. ere new creeds rould faith obtain, \- Man's early race onee knelt beneath The overhiagvng Deity. She read on. ' The scene muted the poem, and ita deep melancholy harmonised but too well with her own eeliygis, & story of love, the fondest, truest, most unworldly; ending in. hopeless sorrow. Xcvcr had tho gloom of that poem 6Ttnk so heavily, upon her spirit. She dosed the hook suddenly, with a half- stiAed sob. The moon was rising, silver pale, above the dark ridge of moorland. The last streak of golden light had faded behind the red trunks of the firs. The low, melancholy j cry of an owl sounded far off in the dark heart ; of the wood. It was, indeed, as if Tho owls had aU fled far away In a merrier glen to hoot and play. In such a spot a mind attuned to me lancholy might eas-ily shape spectral, forma out of the evening shadows, and call up the ghosts of the loved and lost. Laura, looked up from her book \iith a strange uncanny feeling, as if, indeed, some ghostly presence were near. Her eyes wan dered slowly across the rocky bed of the river, and there, on the opposite bank, half in shadow, half in the golden light of the big round moon, she saw a tall figure and a pale face looking at her. She rose with a half- atified cry of fear. That face lookedo spec tral in the mystical light. And then she clasped ber hands joyously and cried ki I knew you would come back !' This was the deserter's welcome. Xo frowns, no upbraidings — a sweet face booming witl\ delight, a happy voice full of fondest welcome. " Humph," cries the misogynist, " what fools these women arc 1" He came, stepping lightly across the rocks, at some risk of measuring his length in the stony bed of the river, and in less than a minute was by ber side. ' Xot a word did he say for the first moment or so. His greeting was dumb. Ho took her to lus heartland kissed her as he had never kissed her yet. "My own oue, my wife 1" he cried. " You are all mine now. Love, I have been patient. Don't be hard with mc." This last remonstrance was because she bad drawn herself away from his, arms, and was looking at him with a smile which was no longer tender but ironical. "Have you come back to Hazelhurst to spend an evening," she asked, "or can you prolong your visit for a week ?" I have come back to spend my life with you— I have come hack to stay for. ever! They may begin to build me a ' vault to-morrow in Hazelhurst churchyard. I shall be here to occupy it, when my time comes — if youwill have me. . That is the question. Laura. .It all depends on you. Oh, love, love, answer rme quickly.' If you but knew liow I have longed for this moment. Tell rae, sweet, have I quite worn out your love ? Has my conduct forfeited your esteem fqrever?M " You have behaved very unkindly to me," she. answered, slowly, gravely, her voice tremb ling a little. " You have used me in a manner which I think a woman with proper womanly pride could hardly forgive." " 1/aura," he cried piteously. "But. I fear I ara not possessed of proper womanly pride, because I havo forgiven you," she said, innocently. " My treasure, nay delight !" " But it would have been bo much easier to forgive if vqu had trusted me, if you had tdld me aU the truth. Oh, John, husband, and 3et no husband, you have treated mc very cruelly." Here she foigufc her unreasoning joy at pee ing him again, and suddenly remembered her self and her wrongs. " I know, love," he said, on his knees beside bcr, "I Lcem to have acted vilely, and.yet, believe tnc, dearest, iny sole motive was the desire to protect your interest?. v . . " You have piifc mc to , shame before all man kind l»v your conduct," urged Laura, meaning the villego of Hazelhurst. "You- have nd right to approach me, no right to 'look me in the- face. Have you not confessed in that cruel letter that you were not free to marry me, and that you belong in some way to another woman " That other woman i« dead. I am free as the air." " What was she ? Your wife V There was a look of infinite, pain in John Treverton'a face. His lips moved as if about to speak, but he was silent. There arc sonic truths difficult of utterance?' and "it is not easy to all men to lie. " It is too painful a story," he began at last, speaking hurriedly, as if be wanted to make r. speedy end of 'a hateful subject., " A ?iood nnujv years ago, when I. was vvry young, aud.a most consummate fool—f 'got- unveil tmc.ipped into a Scotch marriage. Yon have Iwjrd of thq pc<9jlia0tit$; of ithcmarriage law.ifc land ? r ' "Yes, X have heard and read about them." " Qf eoi yre. -Well, it .was! a marriage and no mistake — .> reckless, half-jeatf ig promise, tortured, b\ false . into a -legal undertaking. I found myself,', un awares, a married man — a milbtono tied , round my neck. . I will . tell you no moro of that wretched eiitHiiglemcht, dearest, tt would not 'be good for you to hear. I will only p.iy that I bore my burthen more pr.tie.ntly than most men would have borao it, andno'w I thaixk \- Cod with all my heart and >uJ for my futiloni. And I. come to you, dear Jovr, P». .implore your forgiveness, and to ask you -to join me, thro wcekft hence, in some quiet place thirty or forty miles from here, where Tiu one "will know us, srod wlicre we way be married again some fino sumuu'r morning, so that," if that Scotch marriage of mine were i>»l!y binding, and our former rimrriago illegal, wd may tie tho knot secure, and for ever." ' ".You. should have -trusted roe at first, John," Laura said reproachfully. "I ought to have done -'no, : love, but I so feared to lose yog.. Oh, raj', darling, grant aU lr wk; and ymt iliaH-wever hsTOOTcrtU-TCgfefe your goofinetfp. -Forgive me, and forget nlf 1 that I have told 3011 to-night. 3-ct it be as if it had. never been. The second marriage which I ask for is a precautionary measure— needless, perhaps— but it will make me feel more secure iu my " happiness. M3 beloved, will 3'ou do what I ask V She had dried her tears. / Her heart was welling .over with glndnesp and love for this sinner, still kneeling by her cidn as sho sat 'on the ferny river hank, in the brightening moonlight, holding both her hands in his, looking up pleadingly as he made his prayer. There wiw no thought of denying him in her mind. She only wanted to 3'ield with good grace, not to humiliate her self too decpl. " It must be as you wish," she said. " "When you have mranged this second marriage you can write to me and tell roe where and when it is to be. I will come to the place you ap point with roy maid. She is a good girl, and I can trust her. She can be one of the wit nesses of our wedding." " \re you euro she will not talk about it afterwards." " I have proved her alrc-itdy, and I know ehc is trustworthy." " Be it to, loue. See here." He took a Cornish guide book from hi? pocket, aud opened it at tho map of the couuty. " I have been thinking that we might go further west to some remote parish. Here is Camclot, for iu stance. I never heard of anyone living at Cainclot since the time of King Arthur. Sural v there wo should be safe from ubser- v.iti'»n. The guide Li-ik acknowledge that there U nothing pirticulnr to 14 Camelot. It has not een a goo5 w,..rd for the inus. The plate L ' miles away from every thing. It is an anomaly in towns, for though ifhwfctoira >01 vAf WfyP P» % no church that it can call its <ra, but hooks it self on to a brace of outlying churches, each a mile and a half away. Let us be married at -one of those oui-of-the-wsv places Laura, and. ,T shall love C'amclot all the dav o: m3 lifq hs one lores tho plaits face of % friend has done one a great service." Laura "had nothing to mj against Caruelot, and it was finally rci- olvcd that John Treverton should get there &s; soon as rail and coach would carry him, and that he should have the banns put up at one of tho churches, and that lie -should meet Laura at Didford Junction i three weeks frcravthat da%% and escort her by coach .across tho wild moors and under the shadow of giant brown tors, to the little town of C&melcA;, where a modest population of sis or seven hundred souls seemed to have lost thepuselwos among the hills, and got somehow left, "behind in the noisy march of time and pro- Tbej lingered tor a long time beside the brawling river, walking arm in arm along the narrow woodland path, half in moonshine, half in shadow, talking of the future ; both utterty" faappy, and one of them, at least, tasting pure and perfect happiness for the first time in his life. "Shall we go to Penzance after our wedding, love, and then cross to the Scilly Isles for our hone3moon ! Jtwill be so sweet to have a lifctlo rock-bonnd world of our own, circled by tho Atlantic." Laura assented that it would be sweet. Her world was henceforth to be small. John Tre verton its sun and centre, and all things out side him aud beyond him a mere elementary universe. He looked at his watch present! when they came out of the pinewood into the broad moonlight. By J ove, dearest, I shall have no more than time to see yon as far as the orchard gate, aud then run off to catch the last train for Did ford. I shall sleep at the hotel there, 'to-night. I don't want to-be seen within twenty miles of Hazelhurst till you and I come back from the ScilL Isles, sunburnt and happy, to take up our abode at the dear old -Manor House. Oh, Laura, how I shall love that good, honest, re spectable old home ; how earnest" I shall thank God night and morning for my blissful life. Ab, love, ou can never fully understand what a kicked about waif I have been for the last seven ears of 103 worthless existence. You can never full know how thrice-blcssed is a tranquil baven after stormy seas." They had opened their hearts and minds fully to each other in that long talk beside the river ; she withholding nothing, he enteriug into no details of his life history, but frankly admitting, his unworthiness. She told him how she had borne herself at Hazelhurst after her solitary return from a supposed honey moon ; how she' had hidden the truth from all her little world. It would seem the most natural thing for her to go away to join her husband abroad, and for them both to return together. They parted at tho orchard gato hurriedly for John had three miles to walk to tho sta tion, and only three-quarters of an hour to the Walk. There was but one hasty kiss at part ing, but, oh, the blissfulncss of such a kiss on the threshold of so fair a future. Laura threaded her way slow through the moonlit orchard, where the old apple trees cast their crooked shadows on the soft deep turf, and happy tears poured down her flushed cheeks as she went. " God is good to us, God is very good," she kept repeating inward)'. " Oh, how can we ever be grateful enough, how can we ever be earnest enough to do our dut ? " In all her talk with John Treverton sho had not said a word about the Settlement. She had not praised him or thanked liira for his gencresity. All thought of Jasper Trevcrton's fortune was as remote from her mind as if the .old. man had died a pauper, aud there had been not a shilling of loss or gain contingent upon her marriage with his kinsman. 