BOMAN CATHOLIC PABTORAL, THE following is a copy of Archbishop Vaughn's third Pastoral:— " Soger Bede, by the Grace of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy Secular and Begular, and the Faithful the said Archdiocese. " Health and Benediction in the Lord. " Reverend and Dear Brethren and Dear Children in Jesus Christ,— " Those aud only those who have upon them the burden of the Episcopal office can adequately comprehend the responsibilities that press upon our conscience at the present hour. Placed as we have been by the command of the Sovereign Pontiff in charge of this archdibceee, we become responsible to God for the souls of our people. The thought of the great Accounting day when we shall have to answer for them as well as for ourselves, renders us almost deaf to the contention of tongues, whilst we are Absorbed by the overwhelming amiety of how we may fulfil our duties, and be faithful to our charge. The motives of fear or of despondency which weigh with men who do not realize this thought produce little effect upon a bishop's imagination. His great aim is to save as many souls BB possible; to instil faith, hope, and, above all, love, into many hearts; and to protect, instruct, and warn, in season and out of season, the flock confided to his care. " He is the bishop,' says the 38th Apostolic Canon, * to whose faith the people are confided, the account of whdie souls will be exacted from fcim. "To the bishop, especially, belongs the supreme duty Of preserving the faith in his people. Qe does not presume to teach them any other creed than that which is professed, by rthe Boman Church; in his actions anYHnitrhctions he conforms himself as much BB possible, to the light that he receives from that Mother of all the Churches, whose faith has never failed. His voice, if he speabs aright, is not the, exponent of the, subjective views of an individual, however _ gifted, but of the doctrines of that society which is spread throughout the world. When he condemns, his condemnation is the anathema of that leaching bodyV which from the day of Pentecost till now, has been as harmonious in it* condemnation of error as persistent in ita enunciation of truth. T® preach himself would he to preach folly; to teach hia own private views would be impertinence; and those who listen to and pin their faith'upon him ""might well be called priest-rid^jBn and miserably enslaved. The very reve^iOilSthie is his glory as it is hi* vocation. /Fo «ink telf, to grasp in all ita fuIness the Church's micd, and clearly, ffyTlBMlj/jM it to the people, is "t^pbjebt of his life. Thus, in giving ear toliim his people are listening to the Church oM&d; not tO a mbre man ; in following hii roio&^pWft ^ooilit/, they »re j&tsmhvh; docile not because a fallible creature is | instructing them, - but because they ' believe " that they are submitting their reason to the obedience of faith, and are being guided by power that cannot in matters of dogma and morality lead astray. Both the bishop and his people are under the same authority —if they submit to his teaching, he equally s&bmitB; to the same teaching; for both must submit to truth, and truth unde&led; and infallable is to be found, they hold with a vital tenacity, in the living voice of the Catholic Church. " Thus it is that Catholics are'amused at the effortB of their opponents 'to dissever them from the Archbishop and*:bishops of the heirarchy. Catholics koow, when the bishops meet and issue a joint instruction, based upon the universal teaching of the Catholic Church, that that instruction comes to them with an authority which they cannot but respect. Could the world wedge in between the heirarchy and the people, the world would then prove itBelf stronger than the Church. The experiment has repeatedly been made, especially when the doctrines preached promised to entail temporary suffering and persecution ; and the experiment has just as often failed. The faith lies latent in the masses of our people throughout the world, and quick as electricity the voice of the bishop, when he speaks in downright earnest, finds a response in every heart. Obedience and submission, on the oue hand, imply authority and jurisdiction on the other. The words, ' Take heed to yourselves, and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has placed you bishops to rule the Church of God,' (1) express the Episcopal duty and authority. The words, ' Obey your prelates, and be subject to them ; for they watch as having to give an account of souls, that they may do this with joy and not with grieving: for this is profitable for you, (2) express the temper and duty of the people ; and thus the Church of God, being a Divine institution, the creation of the Holy Ghost, and not the creation of politicians holds her own, consolidates her strength, expands her power from age to age; being fashioned not merely for fair weather but to outlive any storm which the world is capable of stirring up. " From time to time the bishops, who watch,' are in duty bound to lay down principles and recommendations which cross a strong, passing popular current. Though they merely address their own people, those outside are moved by their words. The ancient effigies which did good Bervice 40 or 50 years ago are reclothed, and set on their legs once more, and the same class of Christians employ themselves in demolishing them who, in days gone by, had found relief in a similar occupation. Gradually arms tire and energies flag ; and meanwhile, ' men of goodwill,' having waited for the dust to settle down, begin to consider the real question—which had been hidden in a temporary cloud—namely, how can Catholics give their children a thoroughly sound Catholic education, and still not be deprived, because they perform that solemn duty, of equal assistance with otherB for secular results? Thus the public mind finds its equilibrium and gradually regains its normal tone of calmness, fairness, and good feeling. Finding that the bishops, urged bv-the fear of God before their eyes, have too solemn a duty to perform to be silenced by clamoui, men begin to listen to them; and, finally, to their surprise, make the discovery, as was done after the English ' Papal aggression,' that they would have occupied a somewhat more dignified place in history had they exercised a little more self restraint. " Catholics, however, have bsen trained to make the largest allowances for others. They know what early aBBOciationB and ingrained prejudice can do ; and though a little more culture would be pleasanter, still they can bear with equanimity fierce and coarse vituperation if it be, as it often is, accompanied with sincerity. Some of the most earnest of our converts were at one time as violent against the Church as the most rabid of antagonists; and many Protestant laymen have been induced to study Catholic theology, and eventually to join the Church, on account of their curiosity having been aroused by violent denunciations of her in the pulpit. " It is the duty of Catholics to exercise the greatest chaiity towards their opponents. On such occasions as these the training given by the Catholic religion lias an opportunity of manifesting itself. To argue calmly and without bitterness, to receive reproach with good humour, to defend and display the truth with unconquerable charity, and to attribute good motives and honest purpoues wherever it is possible —these are some of the consequences following from the charity of the Gospel, from that new doctrine of love of which Christ was so inimitable an example. It is vain to expect any power but Christianity, to teach or enforce such charity as this. It springs from a divine fountain, and is only taught in its thoroughness in the Christian scliools. The peace which proceeds from torpor is found in tigers and panthers ; it is not Christian peace. Christian peace is that which maintains a man in perfect charity whilst in the midst of intellectual conflict; and so possesees him that in all he says and does there is a sweetness which is unmistakable, however vigorously he may wield the sword of truth with its sharp point and glittering edge. " Dearly beloved, exercise yourself continually in tbie Christian and masculine charity; do hot dishonour the religion of confessors and martyrs; manifest in your lives and in your relations with your non- Catholio neighbours, the spirit of the Catholic Church, in her calm utterance of truth, and her great gentleness towards those who differ from her; and if it be your duty to say disagreeable things, say them as sweetly and kindly as you can. It is in this spirit that we ever hope to act. We insist on Catholics giving their children a thorough Catholio education, because it is our bounden duty to do so. We point out the dangers to Catholics of Public schools, because we should be prevaricating against our solemn obligations, were we any longer to hold our pcace. Here, possibly, we may give pain to some ; but it is the pam inflicted by the good 1 Acts, chap. xx, 28. i 2 Heb,, dwp, xiii., 17, [ physician, whose one desire is to lie.tl Hie wound. Regarding the effects of Public schools on Protestant children, it was not our place to speak; indeed, had it been outplace to do so, it would have been superfluous, after the trenchent fashion in which Dr. Moorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne had already spoken. His lnuguagn is many degrees stronger regarding ProteBtant children going to Public scliools in Victoria, than the Catholic Bishops regarding Catholic children going to Public scliools in New South Wales. And both he and they, as all must well know, were animated, in so speaking, by an earnest desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kindness by cries of • libel' on Protestant children, seems as disingenuous as it is unmanly. Men with a spark of honest feeling would thank the bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out on a matter of such vital national importance. " Having, in the joint Pastoral Letter given you the reasons why secularist education is productive of national decay, we shall now proceed to show you by an example in the concrete, that the universal teaching of the Church is borne out by hard facts and figures. You will then see clearer than ever that the Bishops were seeking your dearest interests in speakiug as they did of Catholic children. "It seems to me generally admi'ted at the present day that ignorance and crime go hand in hand ; and that one of the most effectual ways of making a people moral, and of advancing thorn in life, is to let them have the benefit of the schoolmaster. There is no doubt that one of the greatest blessings which could be bestowed on human beings is to inform them with useful knowledge ; and no greater misery well could be imagined than to neglect a nation's education. There is, however, one greater curse in the world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart from religious and moral training To instruct the masses in reading, writing, and arithmetic, and to leave out religion aud morality, is to arm tliem with instruments for committing crime. An ignorant criminal is bad enougli ; but he is harmless compared with an educated criminal. A great deal has been said in the colony about t.lio crime that proceeds from want of schools ; very little about the still greater amount of crime which is produced by training the intellectual faculties whilst the will and the animal passions are permitted to run wild. " We have seen how Great Britain has had the wisdom to encourage various Christian Churches to educate the young in the faith of their fathers. Let us now turn to another great country whicli has made the experiment of Public schools. We refer to America. This study will be all the more interesting, because our Public schools in New South Wales aro formed much after the same model; one of the differences being that in the American system theschoola are absolutely securlarist, whilst here an hour is granted for religious instruction. So far as Catholics are con cerned our Public schools are secularist sohools; the archbishop and bishops of this province having too great a respect for their clergy, and too deep a reverence for the Catholic faith, to encourage any priest under their jurisdiction to swell the dis- cord of opposing ministers teaching the jarring doctrines of contradictory sects. " Comparative ignorance is a misfortune, and leads to crime ; but instruction, without thorough religions and moral education, is a calamity, and tends directly to produce criminals of the worst description. Take the six New England States, on the one hand, namely, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, ' Vermont, Connecticut, aud Bhode Island ; aud on the other, take the six States of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Georgia, North Carolina, and South Caro. lina. The inhabitants of these States came from the same English race, held the same Protestant religion (except the little State of Maryland), used the same Protes tant Bible, spoke the same language, and had, in the main, the same manners and customs. " Here, then we have twelve States stand ing together in the race of progress and civilization. They seem to agree in every, thing except one thing, and tbat one thing is their system of education. The six New England States, over two hundred years ago, following the lead of Massachusetts introduced the system of ' Public Schools' 'In New England,' says Kent, 'it haB been a steady and governing principle from the very foundation of the colonies, tbat it waB the right and duty of the Government to provide, by means of fair and just taxation, for the instruction of all the youth in the elements of learning.' ' The common schools of Massachusetts,' says Lippincott, ' have b6en kept up to this day by direct tax and individual subscription, and nowhere in a population of equal extent has a common elementary education been more universally diffused." Now, whilst the six New England States were making an experiment of the Public school system, the six other States refused persistently to do so. Whilst the first six were highly instructed in secular knowledge, according to the Public school system, the second six were less favoured in tbie respect, rejecting as they did the system of Public schools. " For clearness sake let us call the six New England States the Publio sohool States ; and the other six the private school States. In the year 1860, the United States decennial consus was taken. She Publio school States and the private eohool States had been following each its own sys. tern of education for two hundred yeais. What light does the census throw upon the Public school States, as compared with the prjvate 60hool States ? it shows, first, that tlje Pablio BO]jool States were far in advance in secular instruction of the pri vate school States. The former numbered 2,665.945 native-born white inhabitants ; of these snly 8543 adults could neither rend nor write. The latter numbered 3,181,969 native-born whites, of whom 2(52, 802 aduItB could neither read nor write ont ,So that while in the Public school States the proportion of illiterate pfttlTO vrbiteB was one to every three huod* red and twelve, in the private school States it was one to every twelve. Here you will pcrceive at once the triumph of knowledge over ignorance, and the light that the Public school system brings to the intelligence. It would naturally be thought that the private eshool States were plunged in darkness and decay as compared with their more enlightened sisters, the Public school States "But turn to statistics of another kind. On the 1st June, 1860, the Public school Slates, with a native white population of 2,665,945 had 2459 criminals in prison ; whilo the private school States, with a native white population of 3,181,069, had only 471 criminals in prisou. Thus the Public Bcliool States had one native-boi n white criminal to every 1084 native white inhabitants, while the private school States had one :o every 6670, being six criminals in the Public school States to one in the private school States. The Public school States had one suicide to every 13,285 of the entire population ; the private school States one to every 66,584. Of those who died of criminal Inst the Public school States had one to every 85,737, the private school States one to every 128,729. Accord, ing to the Census Marshall of 1870 the Public school States produced one insane person to every 800 native-born inhabitants whilst the private school States one to every 1682. " It is a remarkable fact that Massachusetts, which is the mother cf the Publir school system in the States, offers a striking example of the truth of our thesis. Whilst that State was the most successful of all ii educating the masses, it, at the very sami time, produced by far the largest proportioi of criminals—one to every 649 native whit inhabitants. Take all the States together iwd not one amongst them approached Mas. sachusetts as a breeder of a criminal class Since 1860 California lias surpassed Massachusetts in this respect, haviug in 1870 one criminal to every 512 native-horn whites. Reviewing this system of Publio schools, which have proved themselves soed plots o- so many sorrows aud misfortunes and of n< much crime, a leading Americnn journal the Aha, declares that if we are to ' judge this system by its appareut fruits we have to pronounce it not only a melancholy, but a most disastrous failure, aud that it wil ! he idle to look for the cause of the genorn! rowdyism, idleness, and viciousuess of the rising generation, anywhere but in thf traiuing it has bean receiving.' The Bos ton correspondent of the San Francisc" Morning Call writes (Nov. 15, 1877) to this effact : 1 The rapid progress oflcnowledg*- peculiar to the educational system of this State has led to the erection of two more State prisons, one of which, for women, was successfully opened a few days ago, the number of wicked femaleB who knocked for admission being 44. Present indications point towards the rapid filling up of tl is new institution in a few months.' The report of the California State prison and State prisoners for the two years ending June 30, 1877, states that, ' in fast among the younger convicte they can all read and write.' " Dr. Moorhouse know what he was talking ahcut when he said to the people of Victoria, that without a religious education ' religion will narrow dowu into a weak superstition, and morality into a mere calculation of consequences. Your boys will sink into mere animals, admiring vice for its courage or its smartness. They will hecome not good, wise, self-denying men, but larrikins or sympathisers with ruffians like the Kellys. Choose, my friends, which will you have—a religious or secular educatioi. 1 You cannot have both. If you bring up your cliildren without the moral and religious clemont in their character, you caunot add it afterwards. It is a whole without that element, aud you can no more afterwards chauge it than you can add some coloured thread that has been left out in tlio weaving of a fine Indian fabric, without pulling the fabric to pieces. You may choose your course, but you cannot choose the consequence of that course. If yon sow secularism you will reap irreverence and immorality; if you sow folly, you will reap misery. •'Dearly beloved, whether the great apostasy will have its way or no in this colony remains to be seen. One thing, any how. is certain; that the archbishop and bis hops exercising jurisdiction in New South AVales will resist it to the last, and with all their might. And-whether tlioy succeed or fail in their endeavor to avert a great national calamity, they will be conscious that, heedless of clamour, they spoke boldly out and warned their people with the vigour of an unmistakable sincerity, against a system which is calculated to dechristiamze society and to rob a great nation of the highest elements of manhood. History will record, for the instructions of future generations, that the archbishops and bishops in this colony, following the guidance of the universal Church, were true to their great trust; and embodyiug in a formal document the true principle of national prosperity, condemned with emphatic anathema, principles of national corruption. In these our days we are creating the history of the future. On those who rule now. or exercise moral influence, depend tho future prosperity and greatness of the nation. We mean to do our humble part, aoting on principle and aoting with vigor. Our people, if we can prevent it shall not be carried off by the current. It all the more behoves Catholics to fortify themselves in Christianity, in pro. portion as the world is gradually rejecting it; and. whilst others are hurried away by the gulf- stream of infidelity, we shall stand firm on the adamantine rock of the Catho. lie Faith. At all hazards, then, dearest people, bring up your children thorough Catholics. Steep them during childhood, and youth if possible, deep in the Catholio faith. Make them conscious of the burden they will have to bear; and teach them to feel pride in the thought that they are destined to do their part in keeping alive that glorious religion which drew Europe out of barbarism and darkneBs into light, and which, if God BO please, will yet help to render this Australia of ours one of the greatest nations of the earth. " Dearly beloved : ' Bemember your pre. fetes who bare epoben the word of God to you ; whose faith follow.'* ' Be sober and watch: because your adversary the devil, as A roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom In may devour ; whom resist ye strong in faitb'f ' And may the Lord make you abound in charity towards one another, and towarde all men, as we do also towards you ; to confirm your hearts without blame, in holiness, before God and our Father, at the cominp of our Lord Jesus UbriBt with all his saintB Amen, % " Given at Sydney, and appointed to bf read in all the churches and chapels of tb< archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, Septem. ber 7,1879. " T BOGEB BEDE, " Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan.' * Heb. chap, xiii, 7 11 Peter, chap. v. 8-9. J1 Thcs. iii. 12-13. 