COLONIAL. (From our own OonnusroNDENT.) BUNDABERG. Saturday. Burton's Oirous was crowded last night, and the porformanoo was highly Batisfaotory. Tho troupo havo loft for tho north. BRISBANE. it is intended shortly to roBumo land for selection from tho runs surrounding Aramac, Tuinbo, and Blnakall— a hundred and fifty Rqunro milos in rospoot of oaoh plaao ; and also to throw open Linda along tho Control Railway, nnd iu tho Central Railway Rosorvo. Tbo Bnrdokin bridgo was oponod for traffio last "Wednesday, At tho Warwiok races, tho Turf Club Ilandi cap of £100 was won by Sydney, Lilla second. Tho forogoiitg roaohod ns on Friday night, bnt was -too 'lato for insortion in Satnrday't Issuo. j Sunday. : Mr. M'Intoah, managor of Walloon station, on tho Darling Dawns, was found doad in tlic serab by tho blaoks on Thursday last. Mr. M'IntoBh loft tho station on foot on Sunday. Ho had boon drinking provious to his depar ture, and it is boliovod that ho porisliod through cxposuro. Toudors aro uulloiby, advertisement in yes terday's Government Qaiatte for a monthly or fortnightly mail servioo. betwoou Brisbane nnd Singaporo, oalling at Queensland northern ports. Tho eorvioo is for too- yoars, and ton- dorors aro to speoify tboir torms for a minimum I spcod of 9, 10, nnd 10 J knots per hour. Tenders aro recoivablo horo, and at tho Agent- Gcnoral's offioo in London, up to the 1st of Ootobor next. It is notiflod in yestorday's Gazette that, aftor July 1st, no private work will bo allowod to bo dono in the railway workshops at IpBwiob, Toowoomba, and Roakhampton, Tho Premier, the Hon. T. M'Ilwraith, was marriod to Miss Mossman last night at tho rosidenoo of tho Hon. A. H. Palmor. Tbo man intra fiflrfltr.nnv won noiforniQd bv & Frafl bytorian ministor. Tubaxbb Royal.— Tho weather was so indif . feront on Snturday ovoning, and it looked so muoh liko hoavy rain, that not ovon " Diok Turpin" Buoooodod in drawing moro than a modorato house. Tho Old drama, whioh had at one timo so i long a. run- at tho Adolphi, was capitally produced and played, nnd qaito won npon the audionao, who welcomod it throughout with applauso and roars of laughter. MiBB Fatty Holt was a treat as Botty Slimkins, and Miss .Fanny Rogers a pleasing Mary "Watson. Mr, J, A. Patterson (as Squire Whimsoy), and Mr, J. J. Konnedy (as Jaoky Goosohnm), were first-rate, and played with a spirit and go, whioh tioklod tho audionco amazingly. Mr. A. li. Ciiuton was a rattling " Diok Turpin,' and tho othor aharaotors were all more than fairly sustninod. Tho ovoning's amusement concluded with tho burlesque of "Aladdin, or the Wonderful Soamp." To-night will bo produood " Our Girls,'' by tbo author of " Onr Boys and, if tho latter do not roll up, they will pay bnt a poor oomplimont to tbo fair sox, and display oxquisitoly bad tasto. \- School of AbtS. — Tho " Ghost '' will oon» tlnuo to haunt tho houso as hitborto during the meeU t mknn if- iannnflnva nnd tunuuv tvuurv yivisvt uuw astonish the. crowd,- ns usnal. Wo-' do not obsorvo any ohnngo in tho programme, whioh ovidontly has sufficient lasting qualities in it toruu successfully to tho oloso. Thomanagomont have kindly voluntcorod an ontortainmont next Thursday ovoning, for tho bonefit of tho build ing fund of tho Church of Eugland. Temteranob Mbetino. — A publio tomporanoo mooting will ho held this ovoning in tho Primi- tivo Motliodist Ohuroh. Our now immi grants, and others iutorosted iu the movomont, aro particularly requested to attond. Customs Receipts.— Tho Customs reooipts for tho fortnight ending Saturday, tho 14th Juno, amounted to tho sum of £2750 8s, 2d. Immigrants. — Tho now nrrivnls, as was expeotod, go off but slowly, olovon singlo womon, six singlo men and one married conple onlyliavingboen ongagod in the dopOt, although sovoral havo boon fortunate enough to secure billets lor thomsolves. Tho wardor spooks in high terms of tho oonduot of the immigrants, nnd thoy appear to be, from what wo saw of them, a very rcspeatahlo aud useful body of mon and womon. Thoy aro all in good health Btrong looking, and not only ablo, but willing to worlc. Police Court.— Thoro woro no onsos for hearing on Saturday, tho polioo shoot onoo moro prosanting a oloan appearnneo. Gold Warden's Court. — On Satnrday, bo- fore T. P. Pugb, Esq., Warden, a oaso was heard re tho application of William Davidson and others for a certain alalia in the Alabama lino of roof at tho Three-mile Greek, Grooodile Diggings, whioh was objected to by Dawo and his mates, who stated that Davidson and his mateB had abandoned tho olaim as unpayable, and that thoy (Dawo and party) were then in possession. As tho plaintiffs, were not presont at 10 o'elook, the "Warden adjourned tho ease till 1 1 o'olook ; but, as thoy still failed to pnt in- an appoaranoo, lie was obliged to tako the exparte ovidonco of the claimants, whioh went to show that tho npplioants (Davidson and party) had been working tho olaim qb a aom- pany up to tho 29th May last, but discontinued working it aftor that date, and took their tools away, saying they would work no moro. Tho alaim was statod by Jamo9 and Dawo to bo not payable, the last orashing, consisting of 100 touB, only produoing 18J ounces; thoy had been working it for 'tbreo months, and wore vintsr in HnRK nnd wn nld luivn nhnndnnnd it themselves, but they wero in hopos of better prospects. Dawo nppliiod on bohnlf of himself and his two matos for an muoh ground as throe mon oould tako up— 600 feet by 400 foot— on tho lino of oluim of , the' Alabama Roof. The applioation of Davidson, and party was refused, and 15s. was ullowod oaoh of Dawo's party's expensos for attondanoo ; tbo money to bo ob tained by levy upon Davidson and party in tho usual way; or, iii default, soveu days' im prisonment. The Acnes. — Our roadors may remember that tho Agnos, sohocinor, 101 tons, from Mel bourne to Townsvillo, with a gonoral cargo, was wrookod on the North Roef, somo oight months sinoe. Sho was then par- chased by Mr, Nori- is, of Rookhainptou, and othors, who saved the- cargo on Balvago for the pnrtios concerned. When that was done, Mr. Norris bought his pmrtnors out, and then sot to work to got tho vesi lol off tho roef. Ho oarno up to Rookhumpton,. proenrod iron tanks, oasks, and pontoons t o lift hor ou to tbo reef. Aftor considerable labor sho was got into position, two bulk 'bondings woro put into hort her lining oaulkod, pumps rigged, and every thing mado tight. For four months, night and day — all tide work— Mr. Norris and his mon worked woll away, and on many occasions thoy did not oxpcot to boo the vessel in tho morning. Frequently whon thoy got; hor on to the- reef sho sunk into tbo rotton coral, and overyth.ing had to bo ro.oommonccd. It was one continual lifting and sinking — so muoh so thi.\t Mr. NorriB was often urged to break hor to pueoos. On sovoral oconsions, whon sho was loft at night all right, sho was found tho noxt morn ing baek in hor old place. This was very dishoartening and oxponsivc. Eight hands wero oonHlantly going, hut at last she was got on to tho ridgo ready 'to oamo out, but for two months tbo winds woro so contrary that sho could not bo brought in, without tho assistance of tho tug, which, strango to say, uovor oamo noar, although it froqnontiy had opporluuitios of doiug so, having m.ora than onoo boon down to tho North Roof, It wns, liowovor," impos- jsiblo for Mr. Norris, who was ou tho wreok, to got to tho Morning Light to Bignal tho tug, as no flags wore oh board tho Agnes. How ever, the wiud- shifting, sho wns ovontually gof off and brought into Rockhnmpton by th'. 'Morning; Light. Tho Agnes is a remarkablj fine, well-built Botoonor, being oonstruotoc almost ontirely of teak. It was found that boi kool and garboard stroaks woro torn out, lw< or tlirco floor hands broken, and four timbors ii tho bilges. Had sho not hnvo boon woll Iron- knocd, with good sides and top sides, sho would havo gouo to plaooo nlmnnt iminodiatoly ; ns i' is, hor bottom is jbndly fractured, tho coral, sharp ns glass, having out into it by tho continual grating from rising nnd falling. Tho spars ar- all in oxoollont order, aud tho Btunding rigging almost uninjured, Hor deok is Bound with thi oxoopt ion of two or throo plauks, whioh started when tho soa rnshed into tho Whin' hatoh aud lifted them. The jibboom and bowsprit are as good as new ; the oabins both fore and ' aft, oapitally fitted up for passengers, havo not suffered beyond being Btained with tho famoB from the aoids whioh wero on board. Mr. Norris intouds to put tho Agnos thoroughly to rights, to replnoo the iron fosteniogs by ooppor ones, to mako somo alterations in her, and whon sho has had a good ooat of paint, she will be ready for work, and will make an oxoollont oraft for tho timbor or othor trade. Tho oargo consisted ohiafly of brandy, .wines, aud boer, &o.;, and was insured for £9000. The salvage, upon goods sold in Roakhampton amounted to about £1100 — but wo could not learn the roturns from Maryborough, whoro somo of tho cargo was sold. Hid tho heavy South East gales not sot in, very little damage would have been done, and tho vossol would have boon got off in half the thno she was, Mr; Norris displayed groat energy, skill, and dotormination, and it is to bo hoped ho will be handsomoly ropaid for his noarly five months incessant labor, Mems from Briboane, — Tho topio nt present was touohod on by tho loading jonrnal this morning. The olootors of North Brisbnno arc liko othor oonstituonoios rnthor dissatisfied with the aotion of their junior roprosntativa, and a ropmsition lias been sent round to ask Mr. Palmer to resign. This paper has been very numerously signed, aud hundreds moro sienature ; oan bo obtained dircotly tho full polioy of tho Ministry is known. Evidently somebody haB got frightcnod, as a lotter in tho Courier headed " Busy-bodios '' lays down, in substance, tho most poeuliar maxim, that ovon if a majority of tho oleotors doBirad tlioir mombor to resign, lio should not do so, nor wns - it inonmbent on him to do so. I am truly sorry to hoar Buoh dootrines promulgated beaanso I could name half a dozon members .who dro going to rooeivo foroiblo hints, und now thoy got cheoky. — Observer. Two Fatal Accidents. — Both tho tiudormon- tionod evonts woro referred to in our tolograms a fow days buok. Tho particulars bolow aro ox- traoted from Wednesday's Courier: — Mr. FrnnoiB Ramsay, butohcr, who it will bo re membered was thrown from, his horso at Eaglo Farm on tho 25th instant, diod yestorday from tho effocts of tho injuries whioh ho thoa rooeived. A day or two attor tho aoaidont, and up to last Sunday, Mr, Ramsay was con sidered to bo improving, and hopes woro enter tained of his ultimate reoovory. On tho duy named, however, dangorouB systems sot iu, and he gradually sank, and died yesterday moroing. Yostcrday a littlo girl, 4 yoara of ago. daughter of Mr. Robert Stopos, of the Upper Kodron, was aeoidentalty burned to death. It appears that hor father was from homo working at his daily occupation, and tho mothor had gono to visit a sick neighbor, laving tho child at homo with thrco otliors oldor than horsolf. Thoro was a good log iiro burning in the houso, and it is snpposod that tho obild had boon playing witli it, or lmd un- consoionsly got in too oloso proximity to it, as she wub soon to rush out of tlio houso "in ilames by a boy 10 years of age who was working noar the place. The little follow very bravoly ran to hor assistance and suuoeedod in extinguish ing the flamos, but unfortunately his nssistanoo was too late, as tho obild diod shortly aftor from the severe burning sho had rooeived. Q. N. Bank.— The Hon. W. H. Walsh has given notioe in the Connoil of his intention to move,—" That thoro be laid on the tablo of this House a return showing tho names of and reputed roeidonoo and number of shores held by oaoh of the proprietary of tho Queensland National Bank, limited, distinguishing thoso spooially referred to in tho third paragraph of tho lotter dated 29th Angust, 1878, addrossoa by tho general managor to the Colonial Treasurer, from those residing ordinarily out- sido tho colony."— Courier. The Ministry. — Tho Governmont must bo wary how many moro appointments to offioo thoy mako from amongst thoir supporters iu tho Assembly, or thoy will find- thomBclVos " dished." By their making tho Hon. J. P. Bell President of the Council and tho Hon. R. Pring Attornoy-g(eneral thoy havo lost two votes, whioh oounts for four, and though they made a gain of half this in tho appointment of Mr. Fowlcs, that was won by suoh a oloso shave— only ouo vote— that it shows tho risk is too great if thoy wish to retain office. — Maryborough Chronicle. Press Compliments.— Journalistic affoation appears to bo ripouing on Charters Towors, if wo (SAO hv w J vmu wuuaiauauuta fv uivu pass botweon tho looal papers. Tho editor of the Northern Alii/nr treats his readers to the following : — " Wo havo frequently complained of tho low' language of tho Toners Gerald The vilost paper iu tho .States would not parallol tho personal sourrility of that papor. It is tho oommou sower of all the filth on tho fiold. Whilst this low journal aonfiued its at- tuoka to ourselves, wo oould smile with con tempt on its hoodlum assaults, mado nndor cover of all tho criminal classes of the field — tho " Devil's Rogiment of tho Line,'1 but whon wo find this soutrilons paper dure throw dirt at ouo whom all reverence, wo feel humiliated aud ashamed that the Press of the oalony shoud bo disgraced und dogradad." Tho Towers Herald comes to tho trout with : " Tho Editor of ho Northern Minor who has for somo yoars past enjoyod tho isolated position of a journalist scornod and despised by bisoompeors (no, his suporiors) in tho world of letters, has had another iling at this journal. For bodio timo past lie has allowed liis vonora to have sway, and in tho fuco of reason and common 80U80, has nutdo violont attacks upon us. Wo aro sure our roadors havo not in a singlo in- stano > beon led ustsay by his fiorco invootives and oxtravagant inanities. Ho is so woll known throughout this aolouy as ono of tho many ' of whom to ho dispraised woro no small praiso,' that wo havo no hesitation in saying wo aoiisoioutiousty boliavo our reauors regard his journal as tho litorory oosspool of tho North, and ono of tho most untruthful, vin dictive, aud utterly abuudoncd nowspapors in tho whole of Australia," Why thoy aro woreo than tho Oooktowu pupors woro some months ago.— C oohtonn Herald. Davenport Tied.— Tho Groom-and-Davou- port dispute is interesting. Thoro oan bo littlo doubt that Davenport offered to resign if (fcoom did, on tho ground that it was not to the interests of Toowoomba to havo two members, sitting on opposite sides of tho Houso. Groom aooeptcd tho challenge, but it sooms now that Davenport won't come up to tho scratoh. Tho nnmo of this politician is moat suggostivo of being tied by ropes to a -oubiuot. liowovor, ho is not equal to his namo-suko, aa the groat Davonport oonld got out of any oabinet, tio him as you liko. Beg pardon, tho groat Davonport was oaught by a fool's knot, from winch no ooulu not osoapo,— , Observer, A new FlAob.— In consequence of the -attempted assassination of tho Czar, th" Russian Government havo adopted most sovei measures for tho repression of Nihilism amounting to a proclamation of a stoto of sieg in all the ohiof oitios. Passport regulation!' will bo vigorously enforced, and no oitizon wil bo allowod to havo possession of firearms win out n spooial lioonoo. Tho Govornor-Gonon ia empowered to nrrost all suBpeoled PO«o'u and try tliom by oourt-martial. Evory hone in St. Potorsburg is required to havo ft watch man day and night, Bbuiiy and Kelly.— An nrticlo in tlio Morn ing Advertiser of tho 10th April last, on tie proceedings of tho Kolly gang, draws un amm ing ooutrnst botwoon thoir doiugs and thoso oi Mr. Graham.; Horry, whioh servos to show ti e views oonoorning his embassy that aro ontor- tainodin London. Tho loader in question says : — " If wo may judgo from tho Melbourne papers, two gontlomon for tho moment mono polise tho interests of tbo colony of Viotoria. Theso are Mr. Berry and Mr. Kelly. Mr Berry is tho Premier, and is at presont in London on a self-appointed ombaasy, toe oqooc oi wmuu uDgunoroU# opponouts doolaro is to rob too squatters of tboir lordly sores. Mr. Kolly who divides with tho head of tho Govornment, tho malediotions of tho rural distriots, still residos at tho antipodes, and dovotos his atten tion to tho xobbory of the squatters in a muoh morn diroot manner. Ho and his Cnbinot aro in tho bash'rnnging business, and in thoir husinoBB ' stioking up ' lias bcoomo a luoratiyo and far from dangerous profession." Tho artiolo prooecds to oomment upon tho long j impunity enjoyod by tho gang, and describes a stato of affnirs whioh iB, unfortunately, too tru9, and not oalculated to raiso Victoria in the estimation of tho world. 