THE HISTORY OF PHOTOGEN AND NYCTERIS. A DAT AND NIGHT MAHRCHEN. BrGHOBGBMACDOHAED, Author of "St. Gtorge and St. Michael," " Thomas Wingfidi, Curate" Ike Marquis of Loisie," #c. I.—WATHO. There waa once & witoh who desired to know everything. Bat the wiser a witch is, the harder she knocks her head against the wall when die oomes to it. Her name was Watho, and she had a wolf in her mind. She cared for nothing in itself—only for knowing it. She was not naturally cruel, bat the wolf had made her cruel. She waa tall and graceful, with a white skin, zed hair, and black eyes, which had a red fire in them. She waa straight and strong, bat now and then would fall bent together, shudder, and sit for a moment with her head turned over her shoulder, as if the wolf had got oat of her mind on to her back. N.—ATTBOBA. This witch got two ladies to visit her. One of them belonged to the Oaort, and her husband had been sent on a far and difficult embassy. The other waa a young widow whose husband had lately died, and who had since lost her sight. Watho lodged them in different parts of her castle, and they did not know of each other's existence. The castle stood on the side of a hill sloping gently down into a narrow valley, in which was a liver, with a pebbly channel and a continual sang. The garden went down to the bank of the river, enclosed by high walls, which crossed the river and there stopped. Bach wall had a doable row of battlements, and between the rows was a narrow walk. In the topmost story of the castle the Lady Aurora occupied a spacious apartment of several large rooms looking southward. The windows projected oriel-wise over the garden below, and there was a splendid view from them both ap and down across the river. The opposite side of the valley was steep, bat not very high. Far away snow-peaks were visible. These rooms Aurora seldom left, bat their airy spaces, the brilliant landscape and sky, the plentiful sonlight, the musical inatroments, books, pictures, cariosities, with tiie company of Watho, who made herself charming, precluded all dulness. She had venison and feathered game to eat, milk and pale sonny sparkling wine to drink. She had hair of the yellow gold, waved and rippled; her skin was fair, not white like Watho's, and her eyes were of the blue of the heavens when bluest; her features were delicate bat strong, her mouth large and finely curved, and haunted with smiles. IIT.—VESPKR. Behind the castle the hill rose abruptly; the north-eastern tower, indeed, was in contact with the rock, and communicated with the interior of it. For in the rock waa a series of chambers, known only to Watho and the one servant whom she trusted, called Falca. Some former owner had constructed these chambers after the tomb of an Egyptian king, and probably with the same design, for in the centre of one of them stood what could only be a sarcophagus, bat that and others were walled off. The sides and roofs of them were carved in low relief, and curiously punted. Here the witch lodged the blind lady, whose name was Vesper. Her eyes were black, with long black lashes; her akin had a look of darkened silver, bat was of purest tint and grain; her hair was black and fine and straightflowing; her features were exquisitely formed, and if less beautiful yet more lovely from sadness ; she always looked as if she wanted to lie down and not rise-again. She did not know she was lodged in a tomb, though now and then she wondered she sever touched a window. There were many couches, covered with richest silk and soft as her own cheek, foe her to lie upon; and the carpets were so thick she might have cast herself down anywhere—as befitted a tomb. The place was dry and warm, and cunningly pierced for air, so that it was always fresh, and lacked only sunlight. There the witch fed her upon milk, and wine dark as a carbuncle, and pomegranates, and purple grapes, and birds that dwell in marshy places; and she played to her mournful tunes, and caused wailful violins to attend her, and told her sad tales, thus holding her ever in an atmosphere of sweet sorrow. IV.—PHOTOGEK. The witch at length had her desire, for witches often get what they want—a splendid boy was born to the fur Aurora. Just as the sun rose he opened his eyes. Watho carried hi in immediately to a distant part of the castle, and persuaded the mother that he never cried but once, dying the moment he was born. Overcome with grief, Aurora left the castle as soon as she was able, and Watho never invited her again. And now the witch's care was that the child should not know darkness. Persistently she trained him, until at last he never slept during the day, and never woke daring the'night. She never let him see anything black, and even kept all dull colours out of his way. Never, if she oonld help it, would she let a shadow fall upon him, watching against shadows as if they had been live things:that would hurt him. All day he basked in the fall splendour of the sun, in the same large rooms his mother had occupied. Watho used him to the sun until he could bear more of it than any dark-skinned African. In the hottest of every day she etript him and laid him in it, that be might ripen like a peach; and the boy rejoiced in it, and would resist being dressed again. She brought all her knowledge to bear cm making his muscles strong and elastic and swiftly responsive—that his soul, she said laoghipg, might sit in every fibre, be all in every part, and awake the moment of call. Hia hair was of the red gold, bat his eyes grew darker as be grew, until they were as black as Vesper's. He was the merriest of creatures, always laughing, always loving, for a moment raging, then laughing afresh. Watho called him Photogen. V.—NTCTHRIB. Five or six ; months after the birth of Photdgen the dark lady also gave birth to a baby; in the windowless tomb of a blind mother, in the dead of night, under the feeble rays of a lamp in an alabaster globe, a girl came into the darkness with a wail. And just as she was born for the first time Vesper was born for the second, and passed into the world as unknown to her as this was to her child—who would have to be born yet again before she could see her mother. Watho called her Nycteris, and she grew as like Vesper as possible—in all but one particular. She had the same dark skin, dark eyelashes and brows, dark hair, and gentle s«d look ; bat she had just the eyes of Aurora, the mother of Photogen, and if they grew darker as she grew older it was only a darker blue. Watho, with the help of Falca, took the greatest possible care of her—in every way consistent with her plans, that is, the main point in which was that she could never see any light but what came from the lamp.. Hence her optic nerves, and indeed her whole apparatus for seeing, grew both larger and more sensitive; her eyes, indeed, stopped short only of being too large. Under her dark hair and forehead and eyebrows they looked like two breaks in a cloudy night-sky, through which peeped the heaven where the stars and no clouds live. She was a sadly dainty little creature. No one in the world except those two was aware of the being of the little bat. Waltlio trained her to sleep during the day, and wake daring the night. She taught her music, in which she was herself a proficient, and taught her scarcely anything else. VI.—How PHOTOQBM GREW. Tbe hollow in which the castle of Watho lay was a cleft, in a plain rather than a valley among hills, for at the top of its steep sides, both north and south, was a table-land, large and wide. It was covered with rich grass and flowers, with here and there a wood, the outlying colony of a great forest. These grassy plains were the finest hunting-grounds in the world. Great birds of small but fierce cattle, with hnmps and shaggy manes, roved about Ibem, also antelopes and gnus and the tiny roedeer, while the woods were swarming with wild creatures. The tables of the castle were mainly supplied from them. The chief of Watho's huntsmen was a fine fellow, and when Photogen began to outgrow the training she could give him, die handed him over to Fargo. He with a will set about teaching him all he knew. He got him pony after pony, larger and larger ashe grew, every one less manageable than that which had preceded it, and advanced him from pony to bone, and from horse to horse, until he was equal to anything in that kind which _ the ooantry produced. In similar fashion be trained him to the use of bow and arrow, substituting every three months a stronger bow r.nd longer arrows; and soon be became, even on horseback, a wonderful archer. He was but fourteen when be killed his first bull, causing jubilation among the huntsmen, and indeed through all the castie, for there too he was the favourite. Every day, almost as soon as the sun waa up, he went out bunting, and would io general be out nearly the whole of tbe day. But Watho had laid upon Fargu jast one commandment, namely, tint Photogen should on no account, whatever the plea, be out until sundown, or so near it as to wake in him the desire of teeing what was going to happen; and this corcia:'.udaitj.ut Fargo was anxiously careful not to break; for, although be weald not have trembled had a whole herd of bulls come down upon him, charging at full speed across the level, and not an arrow left in his quiver, he was more than afraid of bis mistress. When she looked at him in a certain way he felt, he said, as if his heart turned to ashes in his breast, and what ran in hia veins waa no longer blood, but milk and water. So that, ere long, as Photogen grew older, Fargu began to tremble, for he found it steadily growingnarder to restrain him. So full of life was he, as Fargu said to his mistress, mach to her content, that he was more like a live thunderbolt than a human being. He did not know what fear was, and that not because he did not know danger; for he had had a severe laceration from the razor-like tusk of a boar—whose spine, however, he had severed with one blow of his huntingknife before Fargu could reach him with defence. When he would spar his horse into the midst of a herd of bulls, carrying only his bow and his short sword, or shoot an arrow into a herd, and go after it as if to reclaim it for a runaway shaft, arriving in time to follow it with a spear-thrust before tbe wounded animal knew which way to charge, Fargu thought with terror how it would be when he came to know the temptation of the huddle-spot leopards and the knife-clawed lynxes, with which the forest was haunted. For the boy bad been so steeped in the son, from childhood so saturated with his influence, that he looked upon every danger from a sovereign height of ootuage. When therefore he was approaching his sixteenth year, Fargu ventured to beg of Watho that she would lay her commands upon the youth himself, and release him from responsibility for him. One might as soon hold a tawney-maned lion as Photogen, he said. Watho called the youth, and in the presence of Fargu laid her command upon him never te be out when the rim of tbe sun should touch the horizon, accompanying the prohibition with hints of consequences, none the lees awful that they were obscure. Photogen listened respectfully, bat, knowing neither the taste of fear nor the temptation of the night, her words were but sounds to him. VII.—How NTCTBBIS GREW. The little education she intended Nycteris to have, Watho gave her by word of mouth. Not meaning she should have light enough to read by, to leave other reasons unmentioned, she never put a book in her hands. Nycteris, however, saw so much better than Watho imagined, that the light she gave was quite sufficient, and she managed to coax Falca into teaching her the letters, after which she taught herself to read, and Falca now and then brought her a child's book. But her chief pleasure was in her instrument. Her very fingers loved it, and would wander about over its keys like feeding sheep. She was not unhappy. She knew nothing of the world except the tomb in which Bhe dwelt, and bad some pleasure in everything she did. But she desired, nevertheless, something more or different. She did not know what it was, and the nearest she could come to expressing it to herself was—that she wanted more room. Watho and Falca would go from her beyond the shine of the lamp, and come again; therefore surely there must be more room somewhere. As often as she was left alone, she would fall to poring over the coloured bas-reliefs on the walls. These were intended to represent various of the powers of Nature under allegorical similitudes, aiid as nothing can be made that does not belong to the general scheme, she could not fail at least to imagine a flicker of relationship between some of them, and thus a shadow of the reality of things found its way to her. There was one thing, however, which moved and taught her more than all the rest—the lamp, namely, that hung from the ceiling, which she always saw alight, though she never saw the flame, only the slight condensation towards the centre of the alabaster globe. And besides the operation of the light itself after its kind, the indefiniteness of the globe, and the softness of the light, giving her the feeling as if her eyes conld go in and into its whiteness, were somebow also associated with the idea of space and room. She woald sit for an hoar together gazing up at the lamp, and h6r heart would swell as she gazed. She would wonder what had hart ber, when she found her face wet with tears, and then would wonder how she could have been hurt without knowing it. She never looked thus at the lamp except when she was alone. VIH.—THE LAMP. Watho having given orders, took it far granted they were obeyed, and that night Falca was all night with Nycteris, whose day it was. Bnt Falca could not get into the habit of sleeping through tbe day, and would often leave her alone half the night. Then it seemed to Nycteris that the white lamp was watching over ber. As it was never permitted to go out— while she was awake at least—Nycteris, except by shutting her eyes, knew less about darkness than she did about light. Also, the lamp being fixed high overhead, and in the centre of everything, she did not know much about shadows either. The few there were fell almost entirely on the floor, or kept like mice about the foot of the walls. Once, when she was thus alone, there came the noise of a far-off rumbling; she had never before heard a sound which she did not know the origin, and here, therefore, was a new sign of something beyond these chambers. Then came a trembling, then a shaking; the lamp dropped from the ceiling to the floor with a great crash, and she felt as if both her eyes were bard shut and both her hands over them. She concluded that it was the darkness that had made the rumbling and the shaking, and rushing into the room, had thrown down the lamp. She sat trembling. The noise and the shaking ceased, but the light did not return. The darkness had eaten it ap! Her lamp gone, the desire at once awoke to get out of her prison. She scarcely knew what out meant; out of one room into another, where there was not even a dividing door.only.an open arch, was all she knew of the world. Bat soddenly bhe remembered that she had heard Falca speak of the lamp goaty ant—this must be what she bad meant ? And if the lamp had goue out, where had it gone? Sorely where Falca went, and like her it woald come again. Bat she conld not wait. The desire to go oat grew irresistible. She must fellow her beautiful lamp! She must find it She must see what it was about! Now there was a curtain covering a recess in tbe wall, where some of her toyB and gymnastic things were kept; and from behind that curtain Watho and Falca always appeared, and behind it they vanished. How they came oat of solid wall, she had not an idea, all ap to the wall was open spaoe, and all beyond it seemed wall; but clearly tbe first and only thing she could do was to feel her way behind the curtain. It was so dark that a cat could not have caught t*ie largest of mice. Nycteris could see better than any cat, but now her great eyes were Bot of the smallest use to her. As she went she trod upon a piece of the broken lamp. She had never worn thoes er stockings, and the fragment, though, being of soft alabaster, it did not cut, yet hart her foot. She did not know what it WHS, bat as it bad not been there before the darkness came, she suspected that it had to do with tbe lamo. She kneeled therefore, and searched with her hands, and twinging two large pieces together, recognised the shape of tbe lamp. Therewith it flashed upon her that the lamp was dead, that this brokennees was the death of which she had read without understanding, that the darkness had killed the lamp. What then could Falca have meant when Bhe spoke of the lamp yoinq out ? There was the lamp—dead, indeed, and so changed that sbe would never have taken it for a lamp but for the shape! No, it was not the lamp any more now it was dead, for all that made it a lamp was gone, namely, the bright shining of it. Then it must be tbe Bhine, the light, that had gone out! That must be what Falca meant—and it must be somewhere in tbe other place in the wall. She started afresh after it, and groped her way to the curtain. Now she htd never in her life tried to get out, and did not know bow; but instinctively she began to move her bands about over one of the walls behind tbe curtain, half expecting them to go into it, as sbe supposed Watho and Falca did. But the wail repelled her with inexorable hardness, and she turned to the one opposite. In doing so, sbe set her foot upon an ivory die. and 3s it met sharply the same spot the broken alabaster bad already hurt, she fell forward with her outstretched bonds against tbe wall. Something ghve way, and sbe tumbled out of the cavern. IX —OUT. But alas! out was very much libe in, for the same enemy, tbe darkness, was here also. The next moment, however, came a great gladness— a firefly, which had wandered in from the garden. She saw the tiny spark in the distance. With alow pulsing ebb and throb of light, it came pushing itself through tbe air, drawing nearer 8nd nearer, wi^h that motion which more resembles swimming than flying, and the light seemed the source of its own motion. "My lamp! my lamp!" cried Nycteris. "It is the shiningness of my lamp, which the cruel darkness drove out. My good lamp has been waiting for me here all tbe time! It knew I woald come after it, and waited to take me with it." She followed tbe firefly, which, like herself, was seeking the way out. If it did not kpow tbe wcy, it was yet light; and, because all light is one, any light may serve to guide to more light. If she was mistaken in thinking it the spirit of ber lamp, it was of the same spirit as her lamp- and had wings. The gold green, jetboat, driven by light, went throbbing tefore her through a long narrow passage. Suddenly it rcse higher, and the same moment Nycteris fell upon *n ascending stair. She had sever seen a stair before, and found going-np a curious sensation. Just 88 she reached wbat seemed the top, the firtfly ceased to shine, and so disappeared fabe was'in utter darkness once more. But when we are following the light, even its extinction w a guide. If tbe firefly had gone on shining, Nycteris would have seen the st>iir turn, and would have gc.ee up to Watho's bedroom; whereas now, feeling straight before her, she cfeme to a latched door, whicb after a good deal of trying she managed to open—and stood in a maze of wondering perplexity, awe, and delight. What was it ? Was it outride of her, or something taking place in ber head ? Before her was a very long and very narrow passage, broken up she could not tell how, and spreading oat above and on all sides to an infinite height and breadth and distance—as if spaoe itself were growing ont of a trough. It was brighter than her rooms had ever been—brighter than if six alabaster lamps bad been burning in them. There was a quantity of strange streaking and mottling about it, very different from the shapes on her walls. She was in a dream of pleasant perplexity, of delightful bewilderment. Sbe could not tell whether she was upon her feet or drifting about like the firefly, driven by the pulses of an inward bliss. Bat she knew little as yet of her inheritance. Unconsciously she took one step forward from the threshold, and the girl who had bees from her very birth a troglodyte, stood in the ravishing glory of a southern night, lit by a perfect moon—not the moon of our northern clime, but a moon like silver glowing in a furnace—a moon one could see to be a globe—not far off, a mere flat disc on the face of tbe blae, but hanging down half-way, and looking as if one could see all round it by a mere bending of the neck. " It is my lamp!" she said, and stood dumb with parted lips. She looked and felt as if she had been standing there in silent ecstacy from the beginning. "No, it is not my lamp," she said after a while ; " it is the mother of ali the lamps." And with that she fell on her knees, and spread out her hands to the moon. She could not in the least have told what was in her mind, but the action was in reality just a begging of the moon to be what she was—that precise incredible splendour hung in the far-off roof, that very glory essential to the being of poor girls born and bred in caverns. It was a resurrection—nay, a birth itself, to Nycteris. What the vast bine sky, studded with tiny sparks like the beads of diamond nails, oonld be; what the moon, looking so absolutely content with light—why, she knew less aboat them than yoa and I! bat the greatest of astronomers might envy the raptnre of such a first impression at the age of sixteen. Immeasurably imperfect it was, but false the impression could not be, for she saw with tbe eyes made for seeing, and saw indeed what many men are too wise to see. As she knelt, something softly flapped ber, embraced her, stroked her, fondled her. She rose to her feet, bnt saw nothing, did not know what it was. It was likest a woman's breath. For she knew nothing of the air even, had never breathed the still new-born freshness of the world. Her breath had oome to her only through long passages and spirals in the rock. Still less did Bhe know of the air alive with motion—of that thrice blessed thing, the wind of a summer night. It was like a spiritual wine, filling her own being with an intoxication of purest joy. To breathe was a perfect existence. It seemed to her the light itself she drew into her lungs. Possessed by the power of the gorgeous night, she seemed at one and the same moment annihilated and glorified. She was in the open passage or gallery that ran round the top of the garden walls, between the cleft battlements, but she did not once look down to see what lay beneath. Her soul was drawn to the vault above her, With its lamp and its endless room. At last she burst into tears and her heart was relieved, as the night itself is relieved by its lightning and rain. And now Bhe grew thoughtfol. She must hoard this splendour! What a little ignorance her gaolers had made of her ! Life was a mighty bliss, and they had scraped hers to the bare bone! They must not know that she knew. She must hide ber knowledge—hide it even from her own eyes, keeping it close in her bosom, content to know that she had it, even when she could not brood on its presence, feasting ber ejes with its glory. She turned from the vision, therefore, with a sigh of otter bliss, and, with soft quiet steps and groping hands, stole back into the darkness of the rock. What was darkness or the laziness of Time's feet to one who had seen what she had that night seen? She was lifted above all weariness—above all wrong. When Falca entered she uttered a qry of terror. But Nycteris called to her not to be Afraid, and told her how there had come a rumbling and a shaking, and the lamp had fallen. Then Falca went and told her mistress, and within an hour a new globe hung in the place of the old one. Nycteris thought it did not look so bright and clear as the former, but she made no lamentation over the change; she was far too rich to beed it. For now, prisoner as she knew herself, her heart was full of glory and gladness ; at times she had to hold herself from iumping up, and going dancing and singing about the room. When she slept, instead of dull dreams, she had splendid visions. There were times, it is true, when sbe became restless and impatient to look upon her riche6, but then she would reason with herself, saying, " What, does it matter if I sit here for ages with my poor pale lamp, when out there a lamp is burning at which ten thousand little lamps are glowing with wonder ?" She never doubted she had looked upon the day and the son, of which she had read; and always,-when she had read of the day and the sun, she had the night and the moon in her mind; and when she read of tbe night and tbe moon, she thought only of tbe cave and the lamp that hung there. X.—THE GREAT LAMP. It was some time before she had a second opportunity of going out, for Falca, since the fail of the lamp, had been a little more careful, and seldom left her for loog Bot one night, having a little headache, Nycteris lay down upon her bed, and was lying with her eyes closed, when she heard Falca come to her, and felt she was bending over her. Disinclined to talk, she did not open her eyes, and lay quite still. Satisfied sbe was asleep, Falsa left her, moving so softly that her very caotion made Nycteris open her eye* and look after her—just in time to see her. vanish—through a picture, as it seemed, that hung on the wall a long way from the osoal place of issoe. She jumped op, her headache forgotten, and ran in the opposite direction; got ont, groped her way to the stair, climbed, and reached the top of the wall.—Alas: the great room was not so light as the little one she had left. Why? Sorrow of sorrows! the great lamp was gone! Had its globe fallen ? and its lovely light gone out upon great wings, a resplendent firtfly, soaring itself through a yet grander and lovelier loom? Sbe looked down to see if'it lay anywhere broken to pieces on the carpet below; but she coold not even see the carpet. But surely nothing very dreadfol coold have happened—no rambling or shaking, for there were all tbe little lamps shining brighter than before, not one of them looking as if any unusual matter had befallen. Wbat if each of these little lamps was growing into a big lamp, and after being a big lamp for a while, had to eo out and grow a bigger lamp still—out there, beyond thiB out?—Ah! here was the living thing that would not be seen, come to her again— bigger to-night! with such loving kisses and such liquid etrokings of her cheeks and forehead. gently tossing her hair, and delicately toying with it! But it ceased, and all was still. Had it gone out ? What would happen next ? Perhaps the little lamps had not «»grow great lamps, but to fall one by one and go out first?— With that came from below a sweet scent, then another and another. Ah, how delicious ! Perhaps they were all coming to her, only on their way out after the great lamp! Then came the music of the river, which she bad been too absorbed in the sky to note the first time. What was it? Ales! alas! another sweet living thing on its way out. They were all marching slowjyout in long lovely file, one after the other, each taking its leave of her as it passed! It must be so: here were more and more sweet sounds, following and fading! The whole of the Out was going out again; it was all going after tbe great lovely lamp! She wouM be left the only cieature in the solitary day ! Was there noljpdy to hang up a new lamp for tbe old one. and keep the creatures from going ?—She crept back to her rock very sad. She tried to comfort herself by saying that anyhow there would be l oom out there; but as bhe said it she shuddered at the thought of empty room. When next she succeeded in gettiEg out, a half-moon hung in tbe east: anew lamp had come, she thought, and all would be well. It would be endless to desc-ribj the phases of feeling through which Kjcteris passed, mo - e numerous and delicate tha.ii those of a thousand changing moons. A fresh biiss bloomed in her soul with every varying aspect of infinite nature. Ere long she began to sospect that tbe new moon was the old moon, gone out and come in egain like herself, it wasted and grew again; that it was indeed a live thing, subject like herself to caverns, and keepers, and solitude?, escaping and shining when it could. Was it a piison like hers it was shut in ? and did it grow dark when the lamp left it ? Where coold be the Way into it?—With that first she began to look below, as well as above and around her; and then first noted the tops of the tree? between her and the floor. There were palms with their red-fiDgered hands full of trait; eucv lyptHB trees crowded with little boxes of powderpufls; oleanders with their half-caste roses; and orange-trees with their clouds of young silver stars and their aged balls of gold. Her eyes coold Bee coloors invisible to oars in the moonlight, and all these she could distingui'h well, though at first Bhe took them for the shapes and colours of the carpet of the great room. She longed to get down among them, now she saw they were real creatures, but sbe did not know how. She went»long the whole length of tbe wall to the end that crossed the river, but found EO way of going down. Above tbe river she stopped to gaze with awe upon the rushing water. She knew nothing of water but from what she drsnk and what sbe bathed in; and as tbe moon shone on the dark, swift stream, singii g lustily as it flowed, she did not doubt the rivir was alive, a swift rushing scrpeut of lite, going-^-out ?— whither. And then she wondered if what was brought into her rooms had been killed that she might drink it, and have ber bath in it. Once when she stepped oat upon the wall it was in the midst of a fierce wind. The trees were all roaring. Great clouds were rushing along the skies, and tombling over the little lamps; the great lamp had not come yet. All was in tumult. The wind seized her garments and hair, and shook them as if it woald tear them from ber. What coold she have done to make tbe gentle creature so angry ? Or was this another creature altogether—of the same kind, but hugely bigger, and of a very different temper and behaviour? But the whole place was angry ! Or was it that the creatures dwelling in it, the wind, and the trees, and the clouds, and the river, had all quarrelled, each with all the rest ? Would the whole come to confusion and disorder ? Bot, as she gazed wondering and disquieted, the moon, larger than ever she had seen ber, came lifting herself above tbe horizon to look, broad and red as if sbe, too, were swollen with anger that she had been roused from her rest by their noise, and compelled to hurry op to see what her children were about, thus rioting in ber absence, lest they should rack the whole frame of things. And as she rose, the load wind grew quieter and scolded less fiercely, the trees grew stiller and moaned with a lower complaint, and tbe clouds hunted and hurled themselves less wildly across the sky. And as if she were pleased that her children obeyed her very presence,Jthe moon grew smaller as she ascended the heavenly stair; her puffed cheeks sank, ber complexion grew clearer, and a sweet smile spread over ber countenance, as peacefully she rose and rose. Bot there was treason and rebellion in her court; for, ere she reached the top of ber great stairs, the clouds had assembled, forgetting their late wars, and very still they were as they laid their beads together and conspired. Then combining, and lying silently in wait until sbe came near, they threw themselves upon her, and swallowed her ap, Down from the roof came spots of wet, faster and faster, and they wetted the cheekB of Nycteris; and what could they be bnt the tears of the moon, crying because her children were smothering her? Nycteris wept too, and not knowing what to think, stole back in dismay to her room. The next time, she came out in fear and trembling. There was tbe moon still! away in the west—poor, indeed, and old, and looking dreadfully worn, as if all the wild beasts in the sky had been gnawing at her—but there, she was alive still, and able to shine! XI.—THE SUBSET. Knowing nothing of darkness, or stars, or moon, Photogen spent his days in hunting. On a great white horse he swept over the grassy plains, glorying in the sun, fighting the wind, and killing the buffaloes. One morning, when he happened to be oa the ground a little earlier than usual, and before his attendants, he caught sight of an animal unknown to him, stealing from a hollow into wbich the sun rays had not yet reached. Like a swift shadow it sped over the grass, slinking southward to the forest. He gave chase, noted the body of a buffalo it bad half eaten, and porsoed it the harder. Bot with great leaps and bonnets the creatore shot farther and farther ahead of him, and vanished. Turning therefore defeated, he met Fargu, who had been following him as fast as his horse could carry him. " What animal waa that, Fargu ?" be asked. " How he did run!" Fargo answered he might be a leopard, bot he rather thooght from his pace and look that he was a young lion. " What a coward he most be!" said Photogen. " Don't be tbo sore of that," rejoined Fargo. " He is one of the creatures the sun makes uncomfortable. As soon as the son is down, he will be brave enough." He had scarcely said it, when he repented; nor did he regret it the less when he found tha'- Photogen made no reply. But alas! said was said. " Then," said Photogen to himself, *' that contemptible beast is one of the terrors of sundown, of which Madame Watho spoke!" He hunted all day, but not with his usual spirit. He did not ride so hard, and did not kill one buffalo. Fargo, to his dismay, observed also that he took every protest for moving farther south, nearer to the forest. But all at once, the sun now sinking in tbe west, he seemed to change his mind, for be turned his horse's bead, and rode home so fast that the rest coold not keep him in sight. When they arrived, they foand his horse in the stable, and concloded that he had gone into the castle. But be had in troth set oot again by the back of it. Crossing the river a good way up the valley, he reascendtd to the ground tbey had left, and just before sonset reached the skirts of the forest. The level orb shoue straight in between the bare stems, and saying to himself he coold not fail to find tile beast, he rushed into the wood. But even as be entered, be turned, and looked to the west. The rim of the red son was touching the horizon, all jagged with broken hills. " Now," said Photogen, " we shall see;" bnt he said it in the face of a darkness he had not proved. The moment the sun began to sink among the spibes and saw-edges, with a kind of mdden flap at his heart a fear inexplicable laid told of the youth; and as had never felt anything of the kind before, the very fear itself terrified him. As the son sank, it rose like the shadow of the world, and grew deeper and carker. He could not even think what it might te, so utterly did it enfeeble him. When the last flaming scimitar-edge of the son went oot •ike a lamp, his horror seemed to blossom into very madness. Like the closing lids of an eye — for there was no twilight, and this night no noon—the terror and the darkness rushed together, and he knew them for one. He was no longer the man he had known, or rather tl ought himself. Tbe courage ht had had was in no sense his own—he had only hid courage, not been courageous; it had left him, and he could scarcely stand certainly sot stand straight, for not one of his joints coold he make stiff or keep from trembling. He was but a spark of the sun, in himself nothing. The beast was behind him—stealing upon him! He turned. All was dark in the wood, but to his fancy the darkness here and there broke into pairs of green eyes, and he bad not the power even to raise his bow-hand from his side, la the strength of despair he strove to rouse courage enough—not to fight—that he did not even desire—but to ran. Courage to flee home was all be coold even imagine, and it would not come. But what be had not, was ignominiously given him. A cry in the wood, hilf a screech, half a growl, sent him rnnning like a boar-wounded cur. It was not even himself that, ran, it was tbe fear that bad come alive in his legs; be did not know that they moved. But as he ran he grew able to run—gained toorage at least to be a coward. The stars gave a little light. Over the grass he sped, and cothiEg followed him. " How fallen, how changed," from the youth who had climbed the bill as the sun went down! A mere contempt of bimself, the self that contemned was a coward with the self it contemned ! There ley the shapeless back of a buffalo, humped opon the grass; he made a wide circuit, and swept on like a shadow driven in the wind. For the wind h.;d arisen, and added to its terror; it blew from behind him. He reached the brow of the valley, and shot down tbe deep descent like a falling star. Instantly the whole upper country behind bim arose and porsoed him! The wind came howling after him, filled with screams, shrieks, jells, roars, laughter, and chattering, as if all tbe animals of the forest were careering with it. In his ears was a trampling rush, the thunder of the hoofs of the cattle, in career firm every quarter of the wide plains to the brow of the hill above him! He fled straight for the castle, scarcely with breath enough to pant. As be reached the bottom of the valley, the moon peereo np over its edge. He h»d never seen the moon before—excect in the daytime, when he had taken her for a thin bright cloud. She wns a fresh terror to him—so ghostly! so •jbastly ! so gruesome!—so knowing as she looked over the top of her garden-wall upon the world outside! That was the night itself! the d&rkness; alive—and after him! the hnrror of horrors coming down the sky to curdle his blood, and turn his brain to a cinder! He gave a sob, and made straight for the river, where he ran between tbe two walls, at the bottom of the garden. He plunged in, struggled through, clambered up the bank, and fell seLseless on the grass. XII.— Tim GAKDEN. Although Nycteris took care not to stay out long at a time, and used exery precaution, slie could hardly baveescaped discovery solong, had it not been that the strange attacks to wbich Watho was subject had been more frequent of late, and had at last settled into an illness wbich kept her to ber bed. But whether from an excern of caotion or from suspicion, Falca, having now to be much with ber mistress both day aud night, took it at length into her head to fan ten the door as often as she went by her usual place of exit; so that one night, when Nycteris pushed, she lound, to her surprise and dismay, that the wall poshed her again, and would not let her through; nor with all her searching could she discover wherein lay the cause of the change. Then fiist she feit tbe pressure of her prisonwalls, and turniug. half in despair, groped her way to the picture where she "had once seen Falca -disappear. There she soon found thespot by pressing upon which the wall yielded. It let 1 ier through into a sort of cellar, where was a glimmer of light from a sky whose blue was paled by the moon. From the cellar she got into a long passage, into which the moon was shining, and came to a door. She managed to op: n it, and, to her great joy, foand herself in the othir place, not on the top of the wall, however, bat in the garden she had longed to enter. Noiseless as a fluffy moth she flitted away into the covert of the trees and shrubs, her bare feet welcomed by the Bofteet of carpets, which, by the very touch, her feet knew to be alive, whence it came that it was so sweet and friendly to them. A soft little wind was oot among the trees, running now here, now tbere, like a child tbat bad got its will. She went dancing over the grass, looking behind her at ber shadow as she went. At first she had taken it for a little black creature tbat made game of her, but when sbe perceived that it was only where sbe kept tbe moon away, and that every tree, however' great and grand a creatore, bad also one of these strange attendants, she soon learned not to mind it, and by-and-by it became the source of as much amusement to her as to any kitten its tail. It was long before she was quite at home with the trees, however. At one time they seemed to disapprove of her; at another not even to know she was there, and to be altogether taken up with their own business. Suddenly, as she went from one to another of them, looking np with awe at the murmuring mystery of their branches and leaves, she spied one a little way off, which was very different from all the rest. It W8S white, and dark, and sparkling, and spread like a palm—a small slender palm, without much head; and it grew very fast, and sank as it grew. But it never grew any bigger, for just as fast as sbe could see it growing, it kept falling to pieces. When she got close to it, she discovered that it was a water-tree— made of just such water as she washed with— only it was alive of course, like tbe river—a different sort of water from that, doubtless, seeing the one crept swiftly along the floor, and the other shot straight ap, and fell, and swallowed itself, and rose again. Sbe put ber feet into the marble basin, which was the flower-pot in which it grew. It was full of real water, living and cool—so nice, for the night was hot! But tbe flowers! ah, the flowers! she was friends with them from the very first. What wonderful creatures tbey were—and so kind and beaotifol—always sending ont such colours and such scents—red scent, and white scent, and yellow scent—far tbe other creatures! The one that was invisible and everywhere, took such a quantity of their scents, and carried it away ! yet they did not seem to mind. It was their talk, to show they were alive, and not painted like those on the walls of ber rooms and on the carpets. She wandered along down the garden, ontil she reached the river. tJnable then to get any further—for sbe was a little afraid, and justly, of the swift watery serpent—she dropped on the grassy bank, dipped her feet in the water, and felt it rnnning and pushing against them. For a long time she sat thus, and her bliss seemed complete, as she gazed at the river and watched the broken picture of the great lamp overhead, moving np one side of the roof to go down the other. XIII.—SOMETHING QUITE NEW. A beaotifol moth brushed across the great blae eyes of Nycteris. She sprang to her feet to follow it—not in the spirit of the hanter, bat of the lover. Her heart—like every heart, if only its fallen sides were cleared way—was an inexhaustible fountain of love; she loved everything she saw. Bot as sbe followed the moth, she caught Bight of something lyins on the bank of the river, and not yet having learned to be afraid of anything, ran straight to see what it was. Beaching it, she stood amazed. Another girl like herself! Bot wbat a strange-looking girl!—so corioosly dressed too!—and notable to move! Was sbe dead? Filled soddenly with pity, she sat down, lifted Photogen's head, laid it on her lap, and began stroking his face. Her warm hands brought him to himself. He opened his black eyes, out of which had gohe all the fire, and looked up with a strange sound of fear, half moan, half gasp. But when he saw her face-he drew a deep breath and lay motionless—gazing at her: those blue marvels above him, like a better star, seemed to side with courage and assuage his terror. At length, in a trembling, awed voice, and a half whisper, he said, "Who are you ?" " I am Nycteris," she answered. " You are a creature of the darkness, and love the night," he said, his fear beginning to move s gain. 1 may be a creature of the darkness," she rf plied. "I hardly know what you mean. Bot I do not love the night. I love the day—with til my heart; and I sleep all tbe night long." " Bow can that be ?" said Photogen, rising on his elbow, but dropping his head on her lap Hgain the moment he saw the moon; " how can it fce," he repeated," when I see your eyes there — wide awake?" blie only smiled and stroked him, for she did not understand bim, and thooght be did not ki ore what he was saying. " Was it a dream then ?" resumed Photogen, robbing his eyes. But with that his memory came clear, and be shuddered, and cried, " Oh h: rrible ! horrible! to be turned all at once into a coward ! a shameful, contemptible, disgraceful coward . I am ashamed—ashamed—and so frightened ! It is all eo frightfui!" " What is so frightfol ?'' asked Nycteris, with a smile like that of a mother to her child waked from a bad dream. *' All, all," he answered; " all this darkness and the roaring." " My dear," said Nycteris, " there is no roaring. How sensitive you mast be! What yoo bear is only the walking of the water, and the rnnning about of the sweetest of all the creatures. She is invisible, and I call her Everywhere, for she goes through all the other creatores and comforts them. Now she is amusirg herself, and them, too, with shaking them <md kissing them, and blowing in their faces. Listen: do yoo call that roaring? Yoo should bear her when she is rather angry though! I don't know why, bot she is sometimes, and then 6be does roar a little." " It is so horribly dark!" said Photogen, who, listening wbile she spoke, had satisfied himself that there was BO roaring. " Dark!" sbe echoed. " Yoo should be in my room when an earthquake has killed my lamp. I do not understand. How can yoo call this dark ? Let me see: yes, yoo have eyes, and big ones, bigger than Madame Watho's or Falca's — not so big as mine, I fancy—only I never saw mine. Bot then—oh yes!—I know now what is tbe matter! Yoo can't see with them because they are so black. Darkness can't see, of coarse. Never mind: I will be yoor eyes, and teach yoo to see. Look here—at these lovely white things in the grass, with red sharp points all folded together into one. Oh, I love them so! I could sit looking at them all day, the darlings!" Photogen looked close at the flowers, and thooght be had seen something like them before, bnt coold not make them oot. As Nycteris had never seen an open daisy, so had he never seen a closed one. Thos instinctively Nycteris tried to torn him away from his fear; and the beantifal creature's btr≱ lovely talk helped not a little to make him foiget it. u You call it dark!" she said again, as if she could not get rid of the absardity of the idea; " why I could count every blade of the green hair—I suppose It is what the books call grass— within two yards of me! And jast look at the great lamp! It is brighter than usaal to-day, and I can't think why yoa should be frightened, or call it dark!" As she spoke, she went on stroking bis cheekB and hair, and trying to comfort him. Bat ob, low miserable he was! and how plainly be looked it! He was on the point of saying that h: r great lamp was dreadfol to him, looking like a witch, walking in the sleep of death; but he was not so ignorant as Nycteris, and ktew even in the moonlight that she was a woman, though he had never seen one so yoang or eo lovely before; and while she comforted his fear, ber presence made him the more ashamed of it. Besides, not knowing her natore, he might annoy her, and make her leave him to his misery. He lay still therefore, hardly daring to move: all the little life he had seemed to come from her, and if he were to move, she might move; and if she were to leave him, he mast weep like a child. " How did you come here ?" asked Nycteris, taking his face between her bands. " Down tbe hill," he answered. " Where do yoo sleep ?" sbe asked. He signed in the direction of the house. She gave a little langb of delight. When you have learned not to be frightened, you will always be wanting to come out with me," she said. She thought with herself she woald ask her presently, when sbe had coiae to herself a little, how she had made ber escape, far she must, of course, lite herself, have got out of a cave, in which Watho and Falca had been keeping her. ''Look at the lovely colours," she went on, pointing io a rosebush, on which Photogen could not see a single flower. " They are far mere beautiful—are they not?—than any of tiie ro'ours upon your walls. And then they ate alive, and smell so sweet!" He wished she would not make him keep opening hi« eyes to look at things he could not ste; and every other moment he would start aud grasp tight hold of her, as Bcme fresh pang of terror shot into him. "Come, come, dear!" said Nycteris, "you must not go on this way. Yoo must be a brave girl, and " "Agirl!" shooted Photogen, and started to his feet in wrath. " If yoo were a man I should kill you." " A man ?" repeated Nycteris, " what i9 that ? How could I be that ? We are both girls—are we not u No,I am not a girl," he answered, " although," he added, changing his tone, and casting himself on the groond at her feet, " I have given you g r od reasoc to call me one." "Ob, I see!" returned Nycteris. "Ne, of course! you can't be a girl; girls are not afraid —without reason. I understand now; it is because you are not a girl that you are se flighti'ned." Photogen twistwd and writhed opon thegraps. " No, it is not," he said sulkily ; «it is this horrible darkness that creeps into me, goes all throogh me, into the very marrow of my bones —that is what makes me behave like a girl. If only the son would rise !" " The sun! what is it cried Nycteris, now in her turn conceiving a vague ftar. Then Photogen broke into a rbapi-ody, in wbich he vainly sought to forgt 11m fear. "It is the soul, tLe life, the heart, the glory of the adverse," he said. "The worlds daince like motes in his beams. The heart of man is strong and brave in his light, and when it departs his courage grows from him—goes with tbe son, and he becomes snob as yoa see me now." "Then that is not the sun?" said Nycteris thoughtfully, pointing up to the moon. "That!" cried Photogen, with utter scorn ; " I know nothiBg aboat tbat, except that it is ugly and horrible. At best it can be only the ghost of a dead son. Yes, that is it! That is wbat makes it look so frightful" " No," said Nycteris, after a long, thoaghtfol paase ; " yoa mast be wrong there. I think the son is the ghost of a dead moon, and that is how be is so much more splendid as you say. Is tbere, then, another big moon, where the son lives in the roof ?" "I do not know wbat yoa mean," replied Photogen, " Bat yoa mean to be kind, I know, though yoa should not call a poor fellow in the dark a girl. If you will let me lie here, with my bead in yoor lap, I should like to sleep. Will you watch me, and take care of me?" " Yes, that I will." answered Nycteris, forgetting all her own danger. So Photogen fell asleep. XXV.—Tot SOW. There Nycteris sat, and there the youth lay, all night long, in the heart of the great _ coneshadow of the earth, like two Pharoahs in one pyramid. Photogen slept, and slept; and Nycteris sat motionless lest sbe should waken him, and so betray him to bis fear. The moon rode high in the blae eternity ; it was a very triumph of glorious Night; the river ran babble-murmuring in deep soft syllables ; the fountain kept rushing moonward, and blossoming momently to a great silvery flower, whose petals were for ever filling like snow,bat' with a continuous musical clash, into the bed of its exhaustion beneath ; the wind woke, took a run among the trees, went to sleep, and woke again; the daisies .slept on their feet at hers, bnt sbe did not know they slept; the roses might well seem awake, for their scent filled the air, but in trath tbey slept also, and the odour was that of their dreams; the oranges hung like gold lamps in the trees, and their silvery flowers were the souls of their yet nnembodied children; the scent of the acacia blooms filled the air like the very odour of the moon herself. At last, unused to the living air, and weary with sitting so still and so long, Nycteris grew drowsy. The air began to grow cooL It was getting near the time when she, too, was accustomed to sleep. She closed her eyes ju'st a moment, and nodded—opened them suddenly wide, for she had promised to watch. In that moment a change had come. The moon had got round, and was fronting her from the west, and she saw that her face was altered, that she had grown pale, as if sbe, too, were wan with fear, and from her lofty place espied a coming terror. The light seemed to be dissolving oat of ber; she was dying—she was going out! And yet everything around looked strangely clear—clearer than ever she had seen anything before. How could the lamp be shedding more light when she herself had less? Ah, that was just it. See how faint she looked. It was because the light was forsaking her, and spreading itself over the room, that she grew so thin and pale. She was giving ap everything She was melting away from the roof like a bi of sugar in water. Nycteris was fast growing afraid, and sought refuge with the face upon her lap. How beautiful the creature was!—what to call it she coold not think, for it bad been angry when she called it what Watho called her. And, wonder upon wonder? now, even in the cold change tbat was passing opon the great room, the coloor of a red rose was risicg in the wan cheek. What beantifal yellow hair it was that spread over her lap! What great hoge breaths the creatore took! And what were those corioas things it carried ? She bad seen them on the walls, she was sore. Thus she talked to henelf while the lamp grew paler and paler, and everything kept growing yet clearer. What could it mean! TLe lamp was djing—going out into the other place of which the creature in her hp had spoken, to be a sun! But why were the things growing clearer before it was yet a 'sun ? That was the point. Was it her growing into a son that did it ? Yes, yes, it was coming death! She knew it, for it was coming apon her also! Sbe felt it coming! Wbat' was sbe aboat to grow into? Something beautiful, like the creature in her Ian ? It might be! . Anyhow, it must be death; for all her strength was going out of her, while all aroond her was growing so light sbe coold not bear it! She must be blind scon! Would she be blind or dead first ? For the sun was rushing up behind her. Photogen woke, lifted his bead from her lap, and sprang to his feet. His face was one radiant smile. Hie heart was full of daring—that of tbe hunter wbo will creep into the tiger's den. Nycteris gave a cry, covered her face with her bands, and pressed her eyelids close. Then blindly sbe stretched out her arms to Photogen, crying," Oh, I am so frightened! What is this ? It must be death! I don't wish to die yet. I love this room and the old lamp. I do not want the other place! This is terrible. I want to bide. I want te get into the sweet, soft, dark bands of all the other creatures. Ah me Ah me!" " What is the matter with you, girl ?" said Photogen, with the arrogance of all male creatures ontil they have been taught by the other kind. He stood looking down apon her over his bow, of whicb he was examlnifag tbe string. " There is no fear of anything now, child. It is day. The son is all bot ap. Look ! he will be above the brow of yon hill in one moment more! Goodbye. Thank yoa for my night's lodging. Tm off. Don't be a goose. If ever I can do anything for you—and all that, yoo know!" "Don't leave me; oh, don't leave me V cried Nycteris. "I am dying! I am dying! I cannot move. The light socks all the strength out of me. And oh, I am so frightened!" But already Photogen bad splashed throogh the river, hole ing high his bow tbat it might not get _wtt. He rashed across tbe level, and strained op the opposing hill. Hearing no answer, Nycteris removed her bands. Photogen bad reached tbe top, and at tbe same moment the sunrays alighted apon him: the glory of the king of day crowded blazing apon the golden-haired youth. Radiant as Apollo, he stood in mighty strength, a flashing shape in the midst of flame. He fitted a glowing arrow to a gleaming bow. The arrow parted with a keen musical twang of the bowstring, and Photogen, darting after it, vanished with a shoot. Up shot Apollo himself, and from his quiver scattered astonishment and exaltation. Bot the brain of poor Nycteris was pierced through and throogh. She fell down' in atter dai knees. All around her was a flaming farnace. In despair and feebleness and agony she crept back, feeling ber way with donbt and difficulty and enforced persistence to her cell. When at last the friendly darkness of her chamber folded ber about with its cooling and consoling arms, she threw herself on her bed and fell fast asleep. And there sbe slept on, one alive in a tomb, while Photogen, above in the son- glory, pursued the buffaloes on the lofty plain, thinking not once of her where she lay dark and forsaken, whose presence had been bis refuge, her eyes and her bands his guardians throogh the ni;;hr. He was in his glory and bis pride; aud the darkness and disgrace had vanished for a time. XV.—THE COWARD HERO. But no sooner had the snn reached the noonstead, than Photogen began to remember the past night in the shadow of that which was at bend, and to remember it with shame. He had proved himself—and not to bimself only, but to a girl as well—a coward!—one bold in the daylight, while there was nothing to fear, but trembling like any slave when the night arrived. There was, there must be, something unfair in it! A spell had been cast upon bim! He had eaten, be had drunk something that did not agree with courage! In any case he bad been taken unprepared! How was be to know what the going ao#n of the sun would lie like? It was no wonder he should have been surprised into terror, seeing it was what it was—in its very nature BO terrible! Also, one coold not see where danger might be coming from! Yoo might be torn in pieces, carried off, or swallowed op, without evenseeing where to strike a blow! Every possible excose he caught at, eager as a self-lover to lighten his self-contempt. That day he astonished the huntsmen—terrified them with his reckless daring—all to prove to himself he was no coward. But nothing eased his shame. One thing only had hope in it—the resolve to encounter the dark in solemn earnest, now that he knew something of what it was. It was ncbler to meet a recognized danger than to rash contemptuoasly into what seemed nothing— nobler still to encounter a nameless horror. He coold conquer fear and wipe oot disgrace together. For a marksman and swordsman like bim, he said, one with his strength and courage, there was bot danger. Defeat there was not. He knew the darkness now, and when it came he would meet it as fearless and cool as now be felt himself. And again he said, " We shall see!" He stood onder the boughs of a great beech as the sun was going dewn, far away over the jagged hills; before he was half down, he was trembling like one of tbe leaves behind him in the first Bigh of the night-wind. The moment the last of the glowing disc vanished, he bounded away in terror to gain the valley, and bis fear grew as he ran. Down the side of the bill, an abject creature, he went bounding and rolling and running; fell rather than plunged into the river, and came to himself, as before, lying on the grassy bank in the garden. But when he opened his eyes, there were no girl-eyes looking down into his ; there were only the stars in the waste of the sunless Night —tl e awful all-enemy he had again dared, bot could not encounter. Perhaps the girl was not yet come out of the water! He would try to sleep, for he dared not move, and perhaps when he woke he woald find his head on her lap, and the beautiful dark face, with its deep blue eyts, bending over him. "Bat when he woke b« foend his bead on the grass,. and although he sprang op with all 'his courage, each as it waa, restored, be did not set; oat 'for tbe chne with each an elan as the day before; and despite the son-glory in bis heart and Veins, his hunting was this day less eager; he ate little, and from the first was thoughtful even to sadness. A second time be was defeated and disgraced! Waa his courage nothing more than the play of the sunlight on his brain? Was ba a mere ball tossed between the light and the dark? Then what a poor contemptible creature he was f But a third chance lay before him. If he failed the third time, be dared not foreshadow what he most then tbink of himself! It was bad euongb now—bot then! Alas! it went no better. The moment the son was down, he fled as if from a legion of devils. Seven times in all, he tried to face the coming night in tbe strength of the past day, and aeven times he failed—failed with such increase of failure, with such a growing sense of ignominy, overwhelming at length all tbe sunny hoars and. oining night to night, that, what with misery, elf-accusation, and loss of confidence, his dayight courage too began to fade, and at length, rom exnaustion, from getting wet, and then ying out of doors all night, and night after night—worst of all, from the consuming of the deathly fear, and the shame of shame, nis sleep forsook bim, and on the seventh morning, ini tead of going to the hunt, he crawled into tbe castle, and went to bed. The grand health, over which the witch had taken such pains, had yielded, and in an hoar or two he was moaning and crying oat in deliriam. XVL—AN Evn, NORSK. Watho was herself ill, as I bave said, and was the worse tempered; and, besides, it is a peculiarity of witches, that what works in othors to sympathy works in them to repulsion. Also, Watho had a poor, helpless, rudimentary spleen of a conscience left, just enough to make (her uncomfortable, and therefore more wicked. So, when she heard that Photogen was 111, she was angry. HI, indeed! after all 8he had done to saturate him with the life of the system, with the solar light itself! He was a wretched failure, the boy! And because he was her failure, she was annoyed with him, began to dislike him, grew to hate bim. She looked on bim as a painter might upon a picture, or a poet upon his poem, which" be bad only succeeded in getting into an irrecoverable mesa. In the hearts of witches, love and hate lie, close together, and often tomble over each' other. And "whether it was that her failure with Photogen foiled also her plans in regard to Nycteris, or that her illness made her yet more of a devil's wife, certainly Watho now got sick of the girl too, and bated to bave her aboat tbe. castle. She was not too ill, however, to go to poor Photogen's room and torment him. Shetoldnim she bated him like a serpent, and hissed like one as she said it, looking very sharpin the nose and -chin, and flat in the forehead. Photogen thooght she meant to kill him, and hardly ventured to take anything brought him. She ordered every ray of light to be shot oot of his room; bot by means of this be got a little used to the darkness. She would take one of his arrows, and now tickle bim with the feather end of it, now prick him with the point till tbe blood ran down. Wbat sbe meant finally I cannot tell, but sbe brought Photogen speedily to the determination of making his escape from the castle; what he should do then he would think afterwards... Who coold tell bnt he might find bis mother somewhere beyond the forest I If it were not for the broad patches of darkness that divided day from day, be would fear nothing! Bat now, as he lay helpless in the dark, ever and anon woald come dawning throogh it the face of tbe lovely creature who ou that first awful night nursed him so sweetly—was he never to see her again? If she was, as he bad concloded, tbe nymph of the river, why had she not reappeared? She might bave taught him not to fear the night, for plainly she had no fear of it herself! Bat then, when the day came, sbe did seem frightened—why was that, seeing there waa nothing to be afraid of then ? Perhaps one so mach at home in the darkness was correspondingly afraid of the light! Then bis selfish joy at the rising of the sou, blinding bim to her condition, had made hiin behave to ber, io ill return for her kindness, as cruelly as Watho behaved to him? How sweet and. dear and lovely she was!. If there were wild beasts that came oat only at night, and were afraid of tbe light, why should there not be girls too, made the same.way-1-who ooald not iendare the light, as he coald not bear the darkness? If only he conld find, her again! Ah, how differently he woold behave to her! Bot alas! perhaps the son had killed her—melted her— burned h^r np!—dried her np—that was it, if she was the nymph of tbe river I X VU.—WATHO'S WOIF. From that dreadfol morning Nyoteris had ; never got to be herself again. The sadden light had been almost death to her ; and now she lay in the dark with tbe memory of a terrific sbarpness—a something she dared scarcely recall, lest the very thonght of it should sting her beyond endurance. But this was as nothiog to the pain which the recollection of the rudeness of the shining creature whom she had nhraed throogh his fear caused her; for, the moment his suffering passed over to her, and he was free, the first use he made of.bis'retorning strength had been ~ : to scorn her! She wondered and wondered; it was all beyond her. comprehension. Before long, Watho was plotting evil against her. The witch was like a sick" wild weary of his toy; she woold pall her to pieoes, and see : how she liked it. She woald set her in the son, and see her die, like a jelly-fish from the stilt . ocean cast oot on a hot rock.' It woOld be a .' sight to see ber wolf- pun. One day, therefore, a little before noon, while Nyoteris was in lier deepest sleep, she had a darkened litter brought to tbe door, and in that sbe made two of her men carry her to the plain above. There they took ber out, laid her on tbe grass, and left ber. Watho watched it all from the top of her high tower through her telescope; and scarcely was Nycteris left, when she saw her sit ap, and the same moment cast herself down again with, her face to the ground. " Shell have a sunstroke," said Watho, "and that'll be the end of her." Presently, tormented by a fly, a huge-humped buffalo, with great shaggy mane, came galloping along, straight for where she lay. At right of the thing on the grass, he started, swerved yards aside, stopped dead, and then came slowly np, looking malicioos. Nycteris lay qoite still, and never even saw the animal. "Now shell be trodden to death!" said Watho. When the buffalo reached her, he aniffed at her all over, and went away; then came bask, and 8niffed again; then all at once went off as if a demon had bim by the taiL Next came a gnu, then a gaunt wild boar. Bat no creature hart her, and Watho was angry with the whole creation. At length, in the shade of her hair, tiie blue eyes of Nycteris began to come to themBelvet a little, and the first thing they aaw was a comfort. I bave told already how she knew the night-daisies, each a sharp-pointed little cone with a red tip; and once she had parted tbe rays of one of them, with trembling fingers, for she was afraid she was dreadfully rode, and: perhaps was barting it; bat she did want, sbe said to herself, to see what secret it carried so carefully hidden; and she foand its golden heart. Bot now, right nnder ber eyes, inside tbe veil of ber hair, in the sweet twilight of whose blackness she conld see it perfectly, stood a daisy, with its red tip opened wide into a carmine ring, displaying its heart of gold on a platter of silver. She did not at first recognise it as one of those cones came awake, bot a moment's notice revealed what it was. Who then could have been so croel to the lovely little creature, as to force it open like that, and spread it heart-bare to the terrible death-lamp ? Whoever it was, it must be the 6ame that had tin own her out there to be burned to death in its fire! But she bad her hair, and coald hang her head, and make a small sweet night of her own about her! She tried to bend the daisy (•own and away from the son, and to make its petals hang about it like her hair, bot she could not. Alas! it was burned and dead already! She did not know that it could not yield to her gentle force because it was drinking life, with all the eagerness of life, from what she called the death-lamp Oh, bow the lamp burned her! Bot sbe went on thinking—she did not know how; and by-and-by began to reflect that, as there was no roof to the room except that in which the great fire went rolling about, the little Red-tip most have seen the lamp a thousand times, and most know it qaite well! and it had not killed it! Nay, thiuking about it farther, she began to ask the qoestion whether this, in wbich she now Baw it, might pot be its more perfect condition. For now not only did tbe whole seem perfect, as indeed it did before, but every part showed its own individual perfection as well, which perfection made it capable of «embining with the rest into the higher perfection of a whole. The flower was a lamp itself! The golden heart was the light, and the silver border was the alabaster globe, skilfully broken, and epread wide to let out glory. Yes; the rad<ant shape was plainly its perfection! If. tLen, it was !ho lamp which had opened it into that shape, the lamp coold not be unfriendly to it, bot must be of its own kind, seeing it made it perfect! And again, when she thoi&ht; of it, there was clearly no little resemblance between them. What if the flower then was the litlle gn at-grandchild of the lamp, and he waa loving it all the time ? And what if the lamp did not mean to hurt her. only could not help it ? Tbe r> d tip. 1 ; looked as if the flower had some time or otln r been hart: wbat if the lamp was making the best it could for her—opening her out >oaifhow like tbe flower? She woold bear it patiently, and see. But how coarse the colour of the grass wa>! Perhaps, however, her eyes not being made for the bright lamp, she did uot see tbem as tbey were! Then she remembered how different were tlse eyes of tbe creature tbat was tot a girl hud WHB afraid of the darkness I Ah, if the darkness would only come again, all arms, friendly and soft everywhere sboat her! She lay BO still that Watfco thought she had fainted. She was pretty core she would be dead before the night came to revive her. XVIII.—BEFUGE. -Fixing her telescope on the motionless form, that she might see it at once when the morning came, Watho went down from the tower to Photogen's room.. He was much better by this time, and before abe left faim he bad resolved to leave the castle that very night. The darkness was terrible indeed, bat Watho was worse than even the darkness, and he could cot escape in the day. As soon, therefore, as the bouse seemed still, be tightened his belt, hung to it his hunting knife, pnt a flask of wine and some bread in his pocket, and took his bow and arrows. He got from the house, and made his way at once np to the plain. Bat what with tis illness, the terrors of the night, and the dread of the wild beasts, when he got to the level he could not walk a step farther, and sat ' down, thinking it better to die than to live. Inspite of his fears, however, sleep contrived to overcome him, and he fell at full length on the s> ft grass. He had not slept long when he awoke with such a strange sense of comfort' and security, that he thought the dawn at least must have arrived. But it was- dark night about him. And the sky, no, it was not the sky, but the blng eyes of his naiad looking down upon him! Once .more be lay with his head on her lap, and all was well, for plainly the girl feared the darkness as little as he the day. " Thank yon," he said. " Yon are like live armour to my heart; you keep the fear off me. 1 have been very ill since then. Did you come up Out of the river when you saw me cross ?" " I don't live in the water," she answered. " I live nnder the pale lamp, and I die nnder the bright one." " Ah, yes! I understand sow," he returned. " I would not have behaved as I did last time if 1 bad understood; bat I thought you were mocking me; and I am so made that I cannot belp being frightened at the darkness. I beg your pardon for leaving you as I did, for, as I say, I did not understand. Now I believe you were really frightened. Were you not ?" -"I was, indeed," answered Nycteris, "and shall be again. But why you should be, I cannot in the least understand. Tou must know how gentle and sweet the darkness is, how kind and friendly, how soft and velvety! It holds you to its bosom' and loves you. A little while ago, I lay faint and dying under your hot lamp. "What is it you call it?" "The sun," murmured Fhotogen; "how I wish he wonld make haste." "Ah! do not wish that. Do not, for my sake, hurry him. I can take care of you from the darkness, but I have no one to take care of me from the light. As I was telling you, I lay dying in the sun. All at once I drew a deep breath. A cool wind came and ran over my face. I looked up. The torture was gone,: for the death-lamp itself was gone. I hope he does not die and grow brighter yet. My terrible headache was all gone, and my sight was come back. I felt as if I were new made. But I did not get up at once, for I was tired still. The grass grew cool about me, and turned soft in colour. Something wet came upon it, and it was now so pleasant to my feet that I rose and ran about. And when I baa been running about a long time, all at once I found you lying, just as £ had bees lying a little while before. So I sat down beside you to take care of yos, till your life—and my death—should come again." ** How good you are, you beautiful creature! Why, yon forgave me before I ever asked you !" cried Fhotogen. Thus tbey fell a talking, and he told her what e knew of his history, and she told him what he knew of 'hers, and they agreed they must ,'ht away from Watho as far as ever they •euld. g " And we must set out at oece, n said Nycteris. "The moment the morning comes," returned Tbotogen. •* We must sot wait for the morning," said JJycteris," for then I shall not be able to move, aud what would you do the next sight? Besides, . Watho sees best in the daytime.- Indeed, you mutteomenow, Pbotogen—Yon must." "I cannot; I dare-sot," said fhotogen. " I aannot move. If I but lift my bead from your Jap, the Teiyeioktoess of terror seines me." I shall be with you," said Nycteris soothingly. **I will take care of yon till your dreadfol " aun comes, and thenyou may leave me, and go away as fast as you can. Only please put me in a dark place first, if there is one to be found." " I will never leave you again, Nycteris," cried Fbotogen. " Only waittili the son oomes, and tarings me back 117 strength, and we will go away together, and never, never part any note." *• No, no," persisted Nycteris; "we most go now. And yon must learn to be strong in the dark as well asin the day. else you will always fee only half brave. I have begun already—not to fight your sun, but to try to get at peaoe with him, and understand what be really is, and what he means with me—whether to hart me or to make the best of me. You must do the same with my darkness." " Bat you don't know what mad animals there are away there towards the south," aaid Photogen. "They have huge green eyes, and tbey woold eat yon np like a bit of celery, you beautifol creature?" "(Tome, came! you must," aaid Nycteris, "or I shall have to pretend to leave you, to make you coma. I have seen the green eyes you speak of, and I will take care of you fiom them." "You! How earn yxtadothat? If it were <fay now, I «ould takeoare of you from theworst of them. Bat as it is, X can't even see them for this abominable darkness. I could not see your lovely eyes bat for the light that Is ait them; that letsme see} straight into heaven through them. They ace windows into the very heaven beyond the sky. I believe they are the very place where the stars are made." " You come then, or Z shall shot them," said JTycteris, "and you shan't see them any more till yon are good. Come. If you can't see the wild beasts, I can." "Yon can? and you ask me to come!" cried Fhotogen. " Yes." answered Nycteris. "And more than that,Isee them long before tbey can see me, so that I am able to take care of you." " Bat how Y* persisted Pbotogen. "Yoac&nt; shoot with bow and arrow, or stab with a hunting-knife." "J£o, but I can keep out of the way of -them all. why, just when 1 found yoa I was having a gaue with two or three of them at once. I see, and scent them too, long before they are Dear me—long before they can see or scent me." "You don't.see or scent any now, do you?" said'Pbotogen, nneasily, rising on his elbow. M No— Done at present. I will look," replied Nycteris, and sprang to her feet. " Oh, oh! do not leave me—not for a moment," cried Pbotogen, straining his eyes to keep her face in sight through the darkness. " Be quiet, or they will hear you," she eeturncd. " The wind is from.the south, and they cannot scent us. I have found oat all about that. • Ever since the. dear dark came I have been amssing myself with them, getting every sow and then just into the edge of the wind, aud letting one have a sniff of me." *• Ob, horrible!" cried Fhotogen. " I hope you will not insist on doing so any more. What was the consequence ?" "Always, the very instant, he turned with flashing eyes, and bounded towards me—only he could not see me, yoa must remebiber. But my eyes being so much better than his I could see him perfectly well, and would run away, round him until I scented him, and then I knew he could not find me an) how. If the wind were to turn, and run the other way now, there might be a whole army of them down upon us, leaving no room to keep out of their way. You had better come." She took him by the hand. He yielded and rose, and she led him away. But his steps were feeble, and as the night went on he seemed mere and more ready to sink. "Oh dear, I am so tired, and so frightened!" he would say. " Lean on me," Nycteris would return, putting her arm round lum, or patting his cheek. " Take a few steps more. Every step away from the castle is clear gain. Lean harder on me. I am quite strong and well now." So they went on. The piercing night-eyes of Nycteris descried not a few pairs of green ones gleaming like holes in the darkness, and many a round sbe made to keep out of their way; but she never said to Photogen she saw them. Oaret ully she kept him off the uneven places, and on the softest and smoothest of the grass, talking to him gently all the way as they went—of the lovely flowers and the stars—bow comfortable the flowers looked, down iu their grasB beds, and how happy the stars up in their blue beds! "When the morning began to come he began te grow better, but was dreadfully tired with walking instead of sleeping, especially after being so long ill. Nycteris too, what with supporting him, what with growing fear of the light which was beginning to ooze out of the *B8t, was very tired- At length, both equally exhausted, neither was able to help the other. As if by consent tbey stopped. Embracing each the other they stood in the midst of the wide tiassy land, neither of them able to move a step, each supported only by the leaning weakness of the other, each ready to fall if the other should move. But while the one grew weaker still the. ether had began to grow stronger. When the tide of the night began to ebb, the tide of the t>.&y; began to flow; and now the sun was rashiiig to the horizon, borne upon its foaming billows. And even as be came Photogen revived- At last the sun shot np into the air, like a bird from the band of the'Father of Lights. Nycteris gave -a cry of pain, and bid her face in her hands. " Oh me !" sbe sighed ; "I am so frightened! Ti e terrible light stings so!" But tie same imtant, through her blindness, rf e heard Photogen give a low exultant laugh, atd the next felt herself caught up; she who all irght long had tended and protected him like a ^bild, WSG now in his arms', borne along like a iaby. with her head lying on his shoulder. Bat sbe was tbe greater, for, suffering more, she feared nothing. • XIX.—THR WHBBWOLF. At the veiy moment when Photogen caught up Nycteris the telescope of Watbo was angrily sweeping the taUe-lsnd. She swung it from her in rage, and running to her room shut herself up. There she anointed herself from top to toe with a certain ointment; 'shook down her long red hair, and tied it round her waist; then began to dance, whirling round and round faster and faster, growing angrier and angrier, until sbe was foaming at tbe month with fury. When Falca went looking for her she could not find her anywhere. As the sun rose the wind slowly changed, and went round until it blew straight from the north. Photogen and NycteriB were drawing near the edge of tbe forest, Photogen still carrying Nycteris, when she moved a little on his shoulder uneasily, and murmured in his ear— "I smtrll a wild beast—that way the wind is coming." Photogen turned round, looked back towards the castle, and saw a dark speck on the plain. As he looked it grew larger—it was coming across the grass with the speed of the wind. It came nearer and nearer. It looked long and low, but that might be because it was running at a great stretch. He set Nycteris down under a tree, in the black shadow of its bole, strung his bow, and picked out his heaviest, longest, sharpest arrow. Just as he set the notch on the string he saw that the creature was a tremendous wolf, rushing straight at him. * He loosened his knife in its sheath, drew another arrow halfway from the quiver lest the first should fail, and took his aim at a gooii distance, to leave time for a second chance. H.- shot. The arrow rose, flew straight, descfrudci, bcmck the beast, and started again into the air, doubled like a letter V. Quickly Photogen snatched the other, shot, cast his bow from him, aud drew his knife. But the arrow was in the brute's chest, up to tbe feather; it tumbled heels over head with a great thud of its back on the earth, gave a groan, made a struggle or.two, and lay stretched out motionless. "I've killed it, Nycteris," cried Photogen. " It is a great red wolf." " Ob, thank yoa!" answered Nycteris feebly from behind the tree. " I was sure you wonld. I was not a bit afraid." Photogen went up to the wolf. It was a monster. But he was vexed that his first arrow had behaved so badly, and was the less willing to lose the one that had done him such good service. With a long and a strong pull he drew it from the brute's chest. Could he believe his eyes P There lay—no wolf, bat Watho, with her hair tied reund her waist! The foolish witch had made herself invulnerable, as she supposed, but bad forgotten that, to torment Photogen therewith, she had handled one of his arrows. He ran back to Nycteris and told her. Sbe shuddered and wept, and would not look. XX.—ALL IS WELL. There was now no occasion to fly a step farther. Neither of them feared any one but Watho. They left her there, and went back. A great cloud came over the sun, and rain began to fall heavily, and Nycteris was much refreshed, grew able to see a little, and with Photogen's help walked gently over the cool wet grass. They bad not gone far before tbey met Fargu and the other huntsmen.. Photogen told them he had killed a great red wolf, and it was Madame Watbo. Ihe huntsmen looked grave, bat gladness shone through. u Then," said Fargu, " I will go and bury my mistress." But when they reached the place they found she was already buried—in the maws of sundry birds and beasts which had made their breakfast of her. Then Fargo, overtaking them, would very wisely have Photogen go to the King, and tell him tile whole story. But Photogen, yet wiser than Fargu, woold not set out until be had married Nycteris; "for then," be said, "the King himself cannot part us; and if ever two people couldn't do the one without the other, those two aire Nycteris and I. She has got; to teach me to be a brave man in tbe dark, and I have got to look after her until she can bear the beat of the sun, and be helps her to see, instead of blinding her." They were married that veiy day. And the next day they went together to the- King,- and told himtbe whole story. Bat whom should tbey £nd at the Court but tbe father and mother of Pbotogen, bothin high favour with the King and Queen. Aurora nearly died for joy, and told them all bow Watho had lied, and made her believe ber child was dead. No one knew anything of the father or mother of Nycteris; but when Aurora saw in tbe lovely girl ber own azore eyes shining through night and its clouds, it made ber think strange things, and wonder how even tbe wicked themselves may be a link to join together the good. Through Watho tbe mothers, who had never seen each other, bad changed eyes in their children. The King gave them tbe castle and lands of Watho, and there they lived and taught each other for many years that were not long. But hardly one of them bad passed before Nycteris bad come to love tbe day best, because it was the clothing and crown of Photogen; and Photogen bad come to love tbe night best, because it was tbe mo&er; and home of Nycteris. Were tbey sot both ripening, however, to bear the power of a brighter sun still, when the one should follow the other into a yet larger room ? THB BHD. A BE IDE'S REFLECTIONS. Take my cloak—mid now fix my veil, Jenny— (flow silly to cover one's face ! I might aivdl be an old woman; But then there's one comfort—it's lace.) Well, what has become of those ushers ! Oh, Pa! have you got my bouquet'! Ill freeze standing here in tbe lobby- Why doesn't the organist play ? They've started at last—what a bustle! Stop, Pa!—they're not far enough—wait! One minute more—now i—do keep step. Pa.' There, drop my trail, Jane!—is it straight ? (I hope I look timid and shrinking; The church must be perfectly full) Good gracious! now don't walk so fart, Pa '.— (He don't seem to think that trains pull) (The chancel at last <) Hind the step, Pa: (I don't.feel embarrassed at ail- But, my! what's the minister saying? Oh, Iknow, that part 'bout Saint Paul. I hope my position is Graceful; Bow awkwardly Nelly Bane stood! " Not lawfully he joined togetJber— A'ow speak"—(as if any one would!— Ob, dear! now it's my turn to answer— I do with that Pa would stand still.) " Serve Mm, lore, honour, and keep Aim"— (How sweetly he says it)—I will. (Where's Pa!—there, I knew he'd forget it, When the time came to give me away.) " I—Helena, take thee—love—cherish— And"— (well, I can't help it 0—" obey." Here, Maud, take my bonquet—don't drop it! I hope Charley's not loet the ring; Just like him?—no !—goodness, how heavy! It's really an elegant thing. It's a shame to kneel down in white satin— And the flounce, real old lace—but I must; I hope that they've got a clean cushion, They're usually covered with dust All over—Ah, thanks !—now don't fuss, Pa !— Just throw back my veil, Charley, there— (Oh, bother ! why couldn't he kiss me Without tumbling up all my hair!) Your arm, Charley, there goes the organ. (Who'd think there would be such a crowd ; Oh, I must look round, I'd forgotten) See, Charley, who was it that bowed ? Why. it's Nellie Allaire with her husband— (She's awfully jealous, I know: Host all of my things are importad, And she had a home-made trousseau. And there's Annie Wheeler—Kate Rermon— I didn't expect her at all, If she's not in the same old blue satin Slie wore at the Charity Ball! Is that Fanny Wade '—Edith Pear ton— And Emma and Joe—all the girls? I knew that they'd not misB my wedding— I hope they'd all notice my pearls ) Is the carriage there ?—give me my cloak, Jane— Don't get it all over my veil— No! you take tbe other seat, Charley, I need all of this for my trail. -.Stin Fra ncisco Ne»:s-Lcttcr. When Artemus Ward was exhibiting his show in Salt Lake Oity, his complimentary tickets to the City officials read as follows:—" Admit bearer and one wife." A coloured minister in Georgia was brought to trial before his Church on a charge of stealing bacon. After a number of witnesses had been examined, the deacons retired, and soon afterwards returned the following verdict:—"The Rev. Moses Bledso am ackwitted of de sinuations dat he actual stole de pork, as 'twas not sbode dat sumbody else miten't have been weaiin' his cloze; bat the brudder is heerby 'fectionately warned dat in de future he must be more keerful." Dreaming Match.—Sir William Johnson, who was Superintendent of Indian Affairs in America previous to the Revolution, received seme suits of clothes from England richly laced, when Hendrick, king of the five nations of Mohawks, was present. The chief admired them much, but did not say anything at the time. In a few days Hendrick called on Sir William, and acquainted him that he had had a particular dream.' On tir William enquiring what it was, be told him he had dreamed that he gave him one of those fine suits which he received from over the great water. Sir William took the hint, and immediately presented him with one of the richest suits. Hendrick, highly pleased with this generosity, retired. A short time after this, Sir William happening to be in company with Hendrick, told him that he also had had a dream. Hendrick being very solicitous to know what it was, Sir William informed him that be had dreamed that he (Hendrick) had made him a present of a particular tract of land (the most valuable on tbe Mohawke river) of about five thousand acres. Hendrick presented him with the land immediately, with this shrewd remark:—"Now, Sir William, I will never dream with you again; you dream too hard for me." The tract thus obtained is called to this day, Sir William's Dreaming Land." 