[?] ^H3B5 CLO£EN FOOT. BY MISS BRA.DDON, ! -jLcfTHOB of ?? Lady Aot-l.ey?s Secret,' &q.;, &c.; jPabUahed by special arran.gem.eiit with, the Author. Ail rights reeer red] Chapter XXV.— The Childbed's Party. The servants' hall was one of the finest rooms in the Manor House. It was at the back of the house, remote from all the re ception-rooms, and had been part of a much. ' older building than the Qaeen Anne mansion to which it now belonged. It was lighted by two square latticed windows with etone mullions, looking into the stable yard. There ^ras also a door opening directly into the same stable yard, and offering a convenient approach for the wan dering tribe of tramps, hawkers, and gipsies who boldly defied the canine guardians of the yard, knowing that the stoutest mastirr that ever thundered forth his abhorrence of rags and beggary is only formidable within the radius described by the length of his chain. On this Christmas eve the servants' hall looked as cheerful a room as one could choose for a night's revelry. Huge logs flamed and crackled in the wide old fire place, and shone and sparkled on the white trashed wall, which was glorified with garlands of holly and ivy, and lighted, with numerous candles in tin sconces, made for the occasion by the village blacksmith. Two long tables on trestles were spread with such a meal as a rustic child might ?see in some happy dream, but could scarcaly hope to behold in sober reality. Such mountains of plum cake, such mighty piles of buns, such stacks of buttered toast, such crystal jars of ruby jam and amber marmalade ! The guests had been invited for the hour of six, and as the clock struck they all came trooping in, with shining faces and cheeks and noses cherry red after their Tun through the lightly-falling snow. It -was not often that snow fell in this western world; and a snowstorm at Christmas was considered altogether pleasant and season able, an event for the children to rejoice at. Laura was ready to receive her young visitors, supported by Mr. Sampson and his sister, Celia Clare, and all the servants. Edward had promised to drop in later. He had no objection to distinguish himself by a comic reading, but he had no idea of sharing all the fatigue of the entertain ment. Mr. and Mrs. Clare were to come in the course of the evening to see their small. parishioners enjoying themselves. ' The tea party was a great success. Celia worked nobly. While Laura and Eliza Sampson poured out. the tea, this vivacious damsel flew hither and thither with plates . of cake, spread innumerable slices of bread and jam, tied the strings of a score of pinafores, filled every plate the instaat it was empty, and provided at every tarn for the pleasure of the revellers, who satiaa happy silence — stolid, emotionless, stuffing ?automatically. ' You'd hardly think they were enjoy ing themselves intensely, would you?' whispered Celia, coming to Laura for a fresh supply of tea, ' but I know they are, because they all breathe so hard. If this was a gathering of the county families you might think it a failure ; but silence in this cage meaBS ecstacy,' At the stroke of seven the tables were being cleared, while Celia, in wild spirits, ran about after the smiling housemaids, crying 'more light, ye knaves, and turn the tables up.' Then came a merry hour at Blind Man's Buff and Thread, my Needle, and the silent tea party grew clamorous as «, flight of rooks at sunset. At eight Mr. and Mrs. Clare arrived, followed a little later hy Edward, who sauntered in with a ?somewhat languid air, as if he had not -quite made up bis mind that he ought tD be there. .'..-. He came straight to Laura, who had Just returned from a stolen half-hour by her husband's bedside. 'What an uproar,' he said. 'IVe come to keep my promise; 'but do you really think these little animals will care for the Jackdaw of Rheims ?' ' I think they will be glad to sit still for a little while after their romp, and I've no doubt they'll laugh at the jackdaw. It's -very good of you to come.5* 'Is it? If you knew how I detest infant-school children you might say so; but if you knew how I ? f/ He left the sentence unfinished. ' How is Treverton ?' he asked. ' ? Much better. Mr. Morton says he will \- jbe well in a day'or two.' ' I passed a curious-looking fellow in the road just outside your gates, a regular London Bohemian ; a man whose very walk recalled the most disreputable quarters of that extraordinary city. I have no idea who the fellow is, but Til swear he's a Londoner, a swindler, and an adventurer ; and I have a lurking idea that I have seen him before.' ' Indeed ! Was it that which attracted your notice f' ' No; it was the man's style and manner altogether. He was loitering ' sear the gate as if with some intention, possibly not the most honorable. You've heard perhaps of a kind of robbery kuosvn as the portico dodge?' 'No. I am not learned in such dis tinctions.' ; . ; *' It is a'eommon crime now-a-day's. A. country house with a portico is a finefield for the display of genius in burglary. One of the gang scales the portico After dusk, most likely at the family dinner hour, gets from the roof of the portico through a con* venient window, and then quietly admits his accomplices. In all such robberies there is generally one member of the gang, the cleverest and best educated, who has no active part in the crime. He does all the intellectual werk- schemes and directs the whole business;' but though the police know him, and would give their eyes to catch him tripping* he never tumbles into their trap. The fellow I saw at your gates to-night seemed to toe just, this sort : of man' -]- /;:;? .'? '.''~\'.~m. :.,?.' ''. ? Laura looked veiyjserlons, aau sne.were alarmed at the idea of robbery. 'fWas this man young ; or £ old f^'flhe £sked, thoughtfully. :-.*- ^Neither. He is middle-aged, perhaps even elderly, but certainly nol old; fie is as straight as a a^rt, spare but jbroad shouldered, and with spmething of ^ inili tary air.' ;., ..; *?.?-? .??? — ?- v=-' #*?& i-.-.,i,..ii ' What made you fancy he had some evil design upon this house £' asked Laura) her| face clouded with anxious thought. ; ? ; , 'I did not, like the way in which he loitered by the gate. He seemed to be. look-; ing for some one or something, watching ' his opportunity. I don't want to ecare you, $ JLaura. I only want to put you on your guard, so that you may iave all the doors and shutters looked after with extra care to- night. After all, the 'man may be per fectly harmless, some seedy acquaintance of jour husband's, perhaps. ~A man cannot live in the world of London without that kind of burr sticking to his coat.' ** You do not flatter my husband by such a supposition,' said Laura, with aa offended look. . ? . ' My dear Laura, do you think a man can live his life without making acquaint ance he would not care to exhibit in the glare of noonday. You know the old adage about poverty and strange bedfellows. I hope there is no treason in reminding you that Mr. Treverton was not always rich,' ' No. I am not ashamed of his having been poor, but it would shame me if I thought he had any acquaintance in his poverty whom he would blush to own now he is rich. Will you begin your reading ; the children are ready.' The infante, flushed and towzledby their sports, had been raised on benches by the joint efforts of Tom Sampson, his sister and Celia Clare, and were now being regaled with cake and negus. Celia had placed a email table, with a pair of candles and a glass ef water, at the end of the room, for the accommodation of the reader. ' Silence,' commanded Mr. Sampson, as Edward walked to his place, gave a little preparatory cough, and opened his book. ** Silence for the * Jackdaw of Rheims.' ' ' The Jackdaw sat on the Cardinal's chair '. Bishop, and abbofc, and prior were there ; Many a monk and many a friar. Many a knight and many a squire,' began Edward. A loud peal of the frontdoor bell startled him. He stopped for a moment and looked at Laura, who was sitting with the vicar and his wife in a little group .near the fire place at the other end of the room. At the sound of the bell she looked up quickly, and, with an agitated air, kept her eyes fixed on the door as if she expected some one to enter. He had no excuse for leaving off reading, curious as he felt about the bell, and Laura's evident concern. He went on mechanically, full of wondering specula tions as to what was going on ia the entrance-hall, hating the open-mouthed and open-eyed infants who were hanging on his words; while; Celia, seated at the end of the front row, started all the laughter and applause. ** Where did I meet that man ?' he asked himself over and over again while he read on. The answer flashed upon him in the middle of a sentence. ' It is the man I saw with Chicot in Drury-lane; the man I talked to in the public-house,' The door opened, and the slow and portly Trimmer came in, and softly made his way to the place where his mistress was seated. He 'whispered to her, and then she whispered to Mrs. Clare — doubtless an apology for leaving her — and anon followed Trimmer out of the room. ' What can that man — if it is that man who rang the bell — want with her,' won dered Edward, so deeply moved that he could scarcely go on reading. 'la the secret going to be told to-night? Are the cards going to be taken out of my hands?' Chapter XXVL — A Disinterested ' Parent. 'A person has called to see yon ma'am. Be begs to apologise for coming so late,but he has travelled a lung way, and will be very thankful if you can see iim.' . This is what the butler had whispered in Mrs. Treverton's ear, handing her* at the same time a card on which was a name written — 'Colonel Mansfield.' At sight of this name Laura rose, whispered her excuses to Mrs. Clare, and glided quietly from the room. ** Where have you left this gentleman!' she asked the butler. ' I left him in the hall, ma'am. I did not feel sure you would see Mm.' '??'He is related to my family,' said Laura, faltering a little; 'I cannot refuse to see him.' This brief conversation occurred in the corridor leading from the servants' hall to the front of the house. A tall man, wrapped in a loose, rough greatcoat, was standing just inside the hall door, while Trimmer's subordinate, a rustic youth in a dark brown livery, stood at ease near the fireplace, evidently placed there to protect the mansion from any evil designs on the part of the stranger. Laura went to him and gave him her hand, without a word. She was very pale, and it was evident the visitor was as un welcome as he was unexpected. \- 'You had better come to my study,' she said. 'There is a good fire there. Trimmer, take candles to the study, and some wine.' 'I'd rather have brandy,' said the stranger. 'I am chilled to the bone. An eight hours' journey in a cattle truck is enough to freeze the youngest blood. For a man of my age, and with chronic neuralgia, it means martyrdom.' 'I am very sorry,' murmured Laura, with a look in which compassion struggled against disgust. 'Gome this way. We can talk quietly in mjr room.' She went upstairs, the stranger following closely at her heels, to the gallery out of which John Treverton's study, * which was also her own favorite sitting-room, opened. It was the room where she and her husband had met for the first time, two years ago, on just such a night as this. It adjoined the bedroom where John Treverton was now lying* She had no desire that he should be a witness to her interview with this Tisitor of to-night ; but she had a: sense of protection in the knowledge that her husband would be within call.' Hitherto, on the rare occasions when she had been constrained to meet this man, she had confronted him alone, defenceless; and she had never felt her loneliness jbo keenly; as at those times. ?-??..? 'I ought to have told John the whole truth,' she said to herself; ' but how could I— how could I bear to acknowledge — n She/ glanced backward, with a sup preseed shudder, at the man following her. Theyfwere at the door of the study: by this timei ; She openedit, a-ad he went in after her, and shut the door behind' him. . A fire /was burning cheerily on the pretty, bright-looking hearth, antique in jt% quaint ornamentation, modern in the artistic beauty of its painted tiles and low; r brass fender. There were candles .on the' mantelpiece and on the table, where an old fashioned spirit bottle on a silver tray cheered the soul of the wayfarer. He filled a glass of brandy and drained it without a word. He gave a deep sigh of contentment or relief as he set downl;he glass. ' That's a little bit better,' he said, and then he threw- off his overcoat and scarf,: and planted himself with his back to the fire, and the face which he turned to the light was the face of Mr. Desrolles. The man had aged within the last six months. Every line in his face had deepened. His cheeks were hollow, his eyes haggard and bloodshot. The sands of life run 'fast for a man whose chief nourish* ment is brandy. ** Well,' he exclaimed, in a hard husky voice. *' You do not welcome me very warmly, my child.' ' I did not expect you.' 'The surprise should be all the plea santer. Picture to yourself now our meet ing, as it would be represented in a novel or a stage play. You would, throw your arms wide apart, shriek and rush to my breast. Bo you remember Julia in the Hunchback? With what a yell of rapture she flings herself into Master Walter's arms.' 'Do you remember what Master Walter had been to Julia?' asked Laura, looking steadily into the haggard eyes, which shifted their gaze as she looked. ' Real life is flat and tame compared with a stage play,' said Desrolles. ' For niy paTt I am heartily sick of it.' u I am sorry to see you looking so ilL*' tl I am a perambulating bundle of aches. There is not a muscle in my body that has not its peculiar pain.' 'Can you find no relief for this com plaint ? Are there not baths in Germany that mightcure you ?' 'I understand,' interrupted Desrolles. Si You would be glad to get me out of the way.' *' I should be glad to lessen your suffer ing. When I last wrote to you I sent you a much larger remittance than I had ever done before, and I told you that I should allow you six hundred a year, to be paid quarterly. I thought that would be enough for all your requirements. I am grieved to hear that you have been obliged to ride in a third-class carriage in cold weather.' *'I have been unlucky/' answered Des rolles. u I have been in Paris ; a pleasant city, but peopled with knaves. I fell among thieves, aud got cleaned out. You must give me fifty or a hundred to-night, and you must not deduct it from your next quarterly payment. You are now a lady of fortune, and could afford to do three times as much as you are doing lor me. Why did you not tell me you were mar ried ? Pretty treatment that from a daughter!' ' Father,' exclaimed Laura, looking at him with the same calm gaze which his shifting eyes -had refused to meet just now* 'Do you want me to tell you the truth.' 'Of course. Whatever else do you sup pose I want?' 'Even if it seems hard and cruel, as the truth often is?' ** Speak away, girl. My poor old bones have been too Jong battered about in this world for hard words to break them/' 'How can you aek me for a daughter's dutiful love ?' asked Laura, in low earnest tones. ' How can you expect it from me ?* What of a father's'affection or a father's care have you ever given mei* What do I know of .your life except fraud an! mys tery ? Have you ever approached me ex cept in secret and as an applicant for money?' 'It's a true till,' ejaculated Desrolles, with a laugh that ended in a groan. 'When I was a little motherless child you gave me to the-one true friend of your youth. He took me as his adopted daughter, leaving you dying, as he supposed. Years passed, and you let him believe you dead. For ten years you ? made no sign. Your daughter, your only child, was being reared in a stranger's house, and you did not trouble yourself to make one enquiry about her welfare.' . if Not directly. .How do you know what measures I may have taken to get inf orator tion indirectly, without compromising your future. It was for your advantage that I kept myself dark, Laura ; that I let my old friend believe me dead. As his adopted daughter your prosperity was assured. What would your' life have been with me ? To save you I lent myself to a lie.' ' I am sorry for it,' said Laura, coldly. ' In my mind ail lies are hateful. I cannot conceive that good cau ever coine of them.' ' In this case good has come of my innocent deception. You are mistress of a fine estate, wife of a husband whom, as I hear, you love.' ' With all my heart and soul.' ' Is it too much to ask for a ray of your sunshine — a little benefit from your large wealth.' ' I will do anything in reason,' answered Laura. ' but not even for my own father — had you been all that a father should be to his child — would I suffer Jasper Trever ton's wealth to be turned to evil uses. You told me that you stood alone in the world, with no one dependent on you. Surely six hundred a year is an income that should enable you to live in comfort and respecta bility.' 'It will, when I have got myself clear of past liabilities. Remember that until six months ago the help you gave me amounted only to a hundred a year,, except when I appealed to you, under the pressure of circumstances, for an extra trifle. A hun dred a year in London, to a man in bad health, hardly served to keep the wolf from ! the door. I had debts to pay. I had been i unfortunate in a speculation that promised well.' 'In future you will have no occasion to ; speculate.'' 'True,' aaid Desrolles, with a sigh, as \ he filled himself another glass of brandy. ' Laura watched him with a face full of pain. Was this a father she could ac ! knowledge to the husband she loved ? Only with deepest shama could she confess her close kindred with a creature so sunk in degradation. Desrolles drank the brandy at a gulp, and then *flnng himself into the chair by the hearth. *:And pray how long have you been; married,' he asked. Laura's face crimsoned at the question. It was just the one enquiry calculated to, give her acutest pain; for it recalled all that was painful in the circumstances of her marriage. 'W© were married on the last day of the last year,' she said. *? You have been a year married, and I only learn the fact to-night from the village gossips, at the inn where I stopped to eat a crust of bread and cheese on my way here.' ' You might have seen the announcement in the Times.' ' I might, but did not. Well, I suppose I surrendered a father's rights when I gave my child to another man's keeping; but it seemshard.' ' Why pain yourself and me with useless reproaches. 1 am prepared to do all that duty can dictate. I am deeply anxious that your future life should be comfortable and respected. Tell me where you intend to live, and how I can best assure your lappincss.' ' Happiness I' cried Desrolles, with a derisive shrug. 'I have never known that since I was five-and-twenty. Where am I going to live, do you ask? Who knows? Not I, you may be sure. J am a wanderer by habit and inclination. Do you think I am going to shut myself in a speculative 'builder's brick and mortar box — a semi-detached villa in Camden Town or Islington — and live the monotonous life of a respectable annuitant ? That kind of hibernation may suit a retired tradesman, who has spent three-fourths of his life behind the same counter. It would be living death to a man with a mind — a man who has tra velled and lived among his fellow-men. No, my dear; you must not attempt to limit my movements by the inch measure of middle-class respectability, (rive me my pittance unfettered by conditions of any kind. Let me receive it quarterly from your London agent, and, since you repudiate my claim to your affection, I pledge myself never again to trouble you with my presence after ^;o-night. 'I do not ask that/' said Laura, thought fully. 'It is only right that we should see each other sometimes. By the de ception which you practised upon my benefactor you have made it impossible that I should ever own you as my father before the world. Everybody in Hazel hurst believes that my father died when Jasper Treverton adopted me. But, to my husband, at least, I can own the truth. I have shrunk from doing so hitherto, but to night, while we have been sitting here, I haye been thinking that I have acted weakly and foolishly. John Treverton will respect your secret for my sake, and he ought toknow it.'' 'Stop,' cried Desrolles, starting to his feet, and speaking in a louder tone than he had used hitherto, ' I forbid you to breathe a word of me or my business to your husband. When I revealed myself to you I pledged you to secrecy. I insist ? ' He stopped and stood facing the door way between the two rooms, staring aghast, horror-stricken; as if he had seen a ghost. ' G*;eat heaven !' he exclaimed, ' what brings you here ?' John Treverton stood in the open door way, a tall, dark figure, in a long, velvet dressing gown. Laura flew to his side. ' ' Deaiest, why did you get up ?' sLe cried. ' How imprudent of you.' *? I heard a voice raised as^ if threaten ingly. What has brought this man here with you?' ? '' He is the relation about whom you once questioned me, John,' Laura an swered, falteringly, 'You have not for gotten.' 'This 'mam related to you ?'f cried Treverton. 'This man?' ' Yes. You know each other.' 'We have met before,' answered Tre verton, who had never taken his eyes from the other man's face. '?' We met last under very painful circumstances. It is a surprise to find a relation of yours in Mr. ? '* Mansfield,' interrupted Desrolles. ' I have changed the name of Malcolm for Mansfield — a name in my mother's family — for Laura's sake. It might be disad vantageous for her to own kindred with a man whom the world has played football with for the last ten years.' Desrolles had grown ashy pale since the entrance of Laura's husband, and the hand with which he poured out his third glass of brandy shook like a leaf. 'Highly considerate on your part, Mr. Mansfield/' replied John Treverton. ' May I ask for what reason you have favored my wife with this late visit ?' 'The usual motive that brings a poor relative to a rich man's house. I want money, and Laura can afford to give it. Why beat about the bush ?' ' Why, indeed. Plain dealing will be best in this case. I think, as it is a simple matter of business, you had better let ma arrange it with you. Laura, will you leave your kinsman's claims for me to settle ? You may trust me to take a liberal view of his position.' *'I will trust you, dearest, now and always,' answered his wife, giving him her hand, and then she went to Desrolles, and offered him the same frank hand, looking at him with tender earnestness, '(rood night,' she said, 'and good-bye. I bag you to trust my husband, as I trust him. Believe me, it will be the best for all of us. He will be as ready to recognise your claim as I am, if you will only confide in him. If I have trusted him with my life, cannot you trust him with your secret ?' ' Good night,' said Desrolles, curtly. '* 1 haven't got over niv astonishment vet.' .« At what?' ' At finding you married.' ' Good night,' she said again, on the threshold of the door, and then she came to tell her husband not to fatigue or excite himself. ' I can only give you a quarter of an hour,' she said to Desrolles. 'Pray remember that my husband is an invalid, and ought to be in bed.*1 'Go to your children, dearest/' said Treverton, smiling at her anxiety, ' I shall be careful.'* The door closed behind Laura, and the two men, fellow-lodgers a yeaT -ago in Cibbeiystieet, stood face to face with each other. (To be continued.) You can't plant cats too early, nor is it pas sible to get to» many in a garden* You may 1 not raise anything else ; that fleasqo, but in the meantime the ,cats will ap- hare rawed any 1 thiBg either, and that u where the enormous profit comes in. 