Chapter XVII. IN THE TWILIGHT. November found us in our own house at last—a lovely, old-fashioned, hoary- gabled farm-house, just outside Brookleigh village, which Lord Westbrook had to let just when mother took a fancy that she shoold like to live there. Father took it, and the land apper taining, under some temporary and abnormal arrangement, which admitted of our giving it J up when we were tired of it; and within a few weeks afterwards it was all in order and fur nished (for money can buy time as well as other things), and we had migrated from the rectory, and were settled there. Avery pretty place it was—quiet, quaint, picturesque, and comfortable; well-gravelled as to garden paths, but with high shrubberies belting it about (to hide the proximity of farm-yards and buildings, that were a little too close for choice, perhaps), and noble old red and yellow trees dropping leaf-drifts all around it. It had queer dark passages and staircases, low ceilings, numberless cupboards ana comers, rooms leading one through the other— the maximum of space with the minimum of convenience, I should say; but for all that was as full of comfort as a sweet, old fashioned grange could be. (We called it the " Moated Grange," though it had not the ghost of a moat near it.) My own chamber was in a tall gable that looked across towards the church—only 20 minutes' walk away—and it had a real lattice casement, with ivy poking through the framework quite into the room, and deserted martins' nests clinging thickly to the wide eaves. 1 reached it by going up a corkscrew staircase and through two other rooms, but I did not mind that. One of the rooms was kept for boxes, and the other was fitted up for Eleanor whenever she liked to sleep there. It was rather a lonely eyrie, but I did not mind that either. I was not much, troubled with nerves; and the farther away I got from bther people the nearer I felt to Tom. Mother and I had a great deal of work to do for a little while, in spite of our many workmen; and I was sufficiently absorbed in the interest of my occupation (unpacking and arranging, all our Narraporwidgee treasures) to be able to ignore the existence, or rather the importance, of Lord. Westbrook for the time. But when we were settled, and regular home life began—a little less of parish work with Eleanor, and a little more of reading, and needlework, and housekeeping with mother (who would have been ashamed of me if I had not known how to cook a dinner as well as order one)—then I found that he would not be ignored, neither himself, nor his im portance as an element in my life. The winter went over, having brought, with the ice and snow, a shadow of care and tronble upon my heart, that did not melt away as they did; and the first year of my separation from Tom was at an end. What a strange, long, foil year it had been! How fast I had been learning life! On his birth day, towards dusk in the afternoon, I was sitting by myself on a low chair by the draw ingroom fire, thinking of it alL Mother had gone to see Aunt Kate, to talk over a project that had been broached by Lady Westbrook, of introducing her (mother) and me to the Queen during the approaching season—a pro ject on which the daughterless, gay old woman, who was fond of me, had set her heart, and which had touched the vanity of both my parents in its most susceptible place. Mother's head was full of my white court dress, and how she should have her pearls Bet for me, and, I daresay, of all manner of ambitious hopes and schemes for my glorification, though she did not own to it. Daddy made no effort what ever to conceal his interest and pride in my prospective honours, and was par-< ticularly anxious to impress upon us, in i reference to our plans, that he overflowed with money that he did not know what to do with. Just now he had taken himself off to Borne farming business of his own, intending to call for her at the rectory when she had had her gossip out I, left at home to nurse a sore throat, had something better to j occupy my thoughts than a court dress and a London season, though I was as open to the fascinations of those charming novelties as anybody. I could only think of Tom to-day— ] of his lonely birthday at Booloomooloo, and i of his birthday a year ago, and his birthday a year to come. I busied myself with cal culations as to the difference of time between him and me, and I came to the conclusion that he would be having his breakfast jnst now, while I sat thinking about him in the gathering wintry dusk. Was he thinking of nearly, seenlbe day over-that with him had not long begun? Of course he was. .. Somehow, through all that long separation and silence, I no more suspected that he | could be changed by it than that I could be changed myself. I had not "learned, life" so fast, as yet, as to learn to believe { only in the evidence of my corporeal senses. | I knew, as well as .l knew that I was alive i and thinking of him, that, if he were alive, he was thinking of me—looking forward with me to that happy goal which we had reached half way, and looking hack rtith me to the start ing point whence we had set forth on our pro bation with such sad but determined hearts, i A whole yea* ago t—half the long score wiped off. When be held me in his arms and told me that the time would not be so long as I thought, I never anticipated that half of it i would slip away so rapidly. Dear arms I— 1 I tried to fanty they were round me now. X laid my cheek upon the back of the little, chair, and winembered the feel of tho rough tweedshoffider. and the strong, large hand that held my wiffing head down to cast there, ta the iMt tone/ What adaytfwwJ So sunny and soft; with the magpies gabbling in the garden outside, and subtle dower scents in all the summer air. How different this day wast which found me alone, and pining for hxm, on the other side of the World. My garden now was dank and sodden, with a chill English thaw, just beginning to freeze up again in a biting east wind, that swiBhed through the dripping laurels and the bare-armed trees, whose old limbs groaned and creaked like the dismantled masts of a storm-driven ship. The sap of young spring was beginning to stir, no doubt, beginning to swell out in purple buds and boles, that had promise of greenleafage such as no Narrapor widgee gum or wattle knew of. Delicate spears were piercing the brown earth-crust in every flower-bed, and tufts of snowdrops and crocuses, and little pink and blue •hepaticas coming up full-of courage and con stancy and the tenderest beauty. But the cold twilight had covered them over; I could only see the leafless branches clawing and scratching in the wind, with a background of grey cotton-wool, that perhaps would become snow before the night was over, and long stalked, glossy ivy leaves tapping and flap ping against the windows. Within, too, how different 1 Instead of pale French paper, dark wainscot of immemorial oak; instead of the sensuous Australian warmth and sunshine, the thick wintry dusk, apd the flicker of the fire—a round coal fire boxed up in iron bars, and not great blazing logs of red gum and she-oak, piled wide and deep on the open hearth, such as- Tom and I were used to. Would it be like this next year, I wondered ? And would he come to me at this hour? or when ? And how ? '' When you get up in the morning, you may be sure you will meet me somewhere before night." That was what he had said. But would he know where to find me? Supposing daddy should take it into his head to go travelling just at that time? He had talked of spending Easter in Rome this very winter, only Lady Westbrook's scheme had put it out of his head. In that case I declared I would not budge: nothing shouldinduce me to go further out of his reach than I could help. No, I would Btay at Brookleigh, and sit by the fireside in the Moated Grange, like Mariana, and wait for him. Only, unlike Mariana, I should not have to wait in vain. I was quite satisfied about that. And then I began to dream of that happy meeting—as I had dreamed of it, perhaps, a hundred and fifty times—sitting sideways on my chair, with my feet on the fender, my hands clasped round my knees, and my head resting pn that imaginary tweed shoulder, whieh in reality was stuffed with horsehair and covered with modern "high | art" needlework. Yes, I saw it all, like j one of Millais'B, pictures. I, in a black Bilk dress, with white.lace round my throat and wrists; and the emeralds (though it were ever so much daytime) glowing like drops of green fire on my breast; and Tom, in his ! rough hut well-cut grey suit, perhaps with an unbuttoned ulster, that he had not waited to take off, dropping away from his broad, chest and his Bttong, straight legs, striding towards me as I rose from my chair to meet him—even to imagine that bleBsed moment was an ecstasy that almost made me gasp. | Daddy and mother were to have no place in the picture, of Course. Daddy would be out of doors, in the natural course of things, and mother must be inveigled out somehow. If I could not manage it, I should have to confide in1 Eleanor or Aunt Kate, and get them to invent some pressing business. For the very cream of the whole affair would consist in their knowing nothing of it be forehand. We would obey them honourably as to the hard conditions they had imposed on ub for two years, bnt when the two years j were up, and they, perhaps, had forgotten all about the bargain, then we would con front them with it, and with the spectacle of onr silent and steadfast constancy. Mother would come in, in her bonnet and furs, and exclaim, " What, Kitty, no iampB lit yet?" j and then she would see that tall young 1 fellow by thefirelight, and wonder who he was. And Tom would get up from the sofa by my aide, and say, " Have you forgotten me, Mrs. Ghamberlayne? I have come to see Kitty ;you said I might come in two years' time." And mother would stand there, rooted to the floor, and spell-bound with the inten sity of her surprise. Then daddy would come in, and shake him by both hands, and blow his nose with great ostentation, and declare , that he'd be hanged if we didn't deserve one another. Yes, I knew how it would all be— the dinner we would have together, and the long, long talk in the drawingroom after wards ; and how he would go up to his room in the small hours of the morning, after talking in the smokingroom with daddy half he might know 1 should be too happy to be able to close my eyes. And he would find the little snowdrops and the white crocuses, that I had gathered to welcome him, shining, i fresh, and pore as a bridal bouquet, on his j dressing-table. " Lord Westbrook, miss," broke in the shrill voice of onr rustic parlourmaid, like a ! sharp knife catting through my web of dreams. I was so startled by the sudden downfall that I sprang up almost with a scream. Just as Tom might come in, came in Lord Westbrook now, with no unbuttoned ulster hanging about him, and no long and hurried stride. I could but dimly see his face in the dusk of room, but I was too bewildered to think to I tell Sarah to bring.lights until she had shut { the door upon fiim and returned to the kitchen. " You did not hear me come," he said, in a I a tone of apology- " Your servant was speak ing to some one at the front door, and 1 had no need to ring. 1 startled yon a little." " Yes," I replied nervously, laying my hand in his, " I think 1 was in a mood for seeing ghosts. The dusk of a day like this is eerie, somehow. My father is not in, Lopd West brook, if yon want to see him." j " No, I know he isn't; 1 met him on the: road just now." I " And mother is gone to the rectory." ! " I know she is,' said he coolly. . " Your ; father told me' he was on his way to fetch her home." .... "Oh, then they will not be long. If you will ring, Lord Westbrook, 1 will nave some lights brought." He .did not ring, but took up the pokjjr and stirred the coals into a blaze. " Don't yon like the firelight best, at this hour f he asked, still on one knee on the hearthrug, wijfchthe poker in his hand. He was so! much a familiar friend of. the family that ijb wpa no liberty he took: " There is enough of it nowy' he continued, smiling, " to keep off ghosts. It.oniy wanted starring up. What were you doing, to neglect that favourite occupation of.youis?" " thinking." " What of ?, Nqt of , me, I know, or you: would fiot have looked ao scared at the sight of me jnstnpw."i ; j <■:. ; . -v. u , "No; noted yon., I was thinking of old /tunafiHrof AnstfeJiS; I: was there, yen know;; this time last year. ,i i'! Yes£ ha said. tousii^ly, " I (suppose yon j were. -That [was before iknew of your exist- < enpp.: Fancy ipy hying to he' eight-aiid-thirty < " If daddy had not fallen upon good times, and been lucky, you probably never would have heard of it," I rejoined, laughing; "and touch that would have mattered r " Very much indeed, I do assure you." " No, no; it would have been all the same to you, LoKd Westbrook. But, oh, how dif ferent it would have been for me!" I ex claimed under my breath, involuntarily; clasping my hands together. He drew a little chair close to the fire, nearly opposite mine, and, sitting down with his arms on his outspread kneeB, regarded me steadfastly for a few seconds in silence. " I should like to know what yon mean by that," he said presently, with a grave earnest ness in his far-searching eyes. " You are not thinking what you say when you tell me it would have been all the same to me whether you had come to England or not. You know it would not have been the same." The rebuke was just; 1 had said that with out thinking. Of course, I was not so dense an idiot as to he unaware of the difference my coming had made in his life, though I had tried not to learn more wisdom than I could help. I flamed a vivid roBe-colour that even firelight had to acknowledge, and I rushed headlong to the refuge of vague ex planations. " What I meant was that your ways and habits would not have been altered, as mine have heen," I Btammered hurriedly. " You have always had so many lives, bo to speak— a great nobleman in London, and a Bohemian amongst the studios, and an adventurer in wild countries, and a sportsman on the moors and in Norway—all those changes would have come to you naturally, just the same as they have always done. But I—I had only one life until this time last year, and the one I have now is no more like that than this cold night is like the summer morning that is shining in Australia at this moment." "Don't put it like that!" he exclaimed, almost sharply. " Your experiences in Eng land have not been so unhappy, have they, that you can only compare them with those of your early life under that dismal figure ?" "No—oh, no, of course not I have been very happy in England. But it iB not the sort of happiness I had at home." " At home," he echoed sadly. . " Do you still think of Australia as home ? I did not know you were ho attached to the colony as that" " I daresay I shall be as much attached to < England by and bye," I said, trying to laugh off the sentimentalism that was laying hold of us; " only it will take time, of course." " I hope bo, I trust so," he said earnestly. And then 1 rose and went to lookout of the window, to see if mother were coming. Not seeing her—not being able to Bee any thing, in fact, for the thick darkness—I began to put some more coals oh' the fire, bat' of coarse had the scoop takeh out of my j hand. Then again 1 found myself sitting on ! my low chair, and my companion sitting on his. a little nearer to me than he was before, and an embarrassing silence between us. " Kitty," he said presently. "Yes?' I responded, with a great start, for he had never called me Kitty before. " Would yon like to go to Australia again?" " Certainly 1 should," I replied, smiling, much relieved by the harmless nature of the question. "Indeed, I am going Borne day or other, though it may only be for a little ] while." " You don't want to live there always, then ?" " No; I don't think there will be any question about that." " Only yon want to see it once again?" " Yes; that is what I look forward to." " Then," said he, putting' out one hand. and laying hold of mine that were cl&Bped; on' my knee, "then let me take you, Kitty. Yon know what I want, my dearest I have not said it in words, but, all the same, you J know well what I want. Give me that, and I will give you—everything I have in this world to give. Marry me, Kitty, and I will | take yon to Australia for your honeymoon to the uttermost ends of the earth, if you wish to go." I left my hands in his. and I looked into his kind, fame face beseechingly, desperately, with tears running down my cheeks. " I knew you would say it sometime, and that I .could not' stop you," 1 raid, whimpering. ' " But, oh, Lord Westbrook, tell me, tell me, have I ever encouraged you by anything 1 , have ever said or done ? I was told once that 1 threw myself at your head because yon were a lord. I know you have never thought | that. But have 1 ever led you to think that I wanted to marry you ?" " Dear," he raid, gently, "I think yon have shown me that yon liked me." : " Yes; so I do—so I do; better than any 1 man I ever met, except my father and—one other. But if I tell you 1 can never marry yon. will you think I have treated you badly?" There was silence for a few seconds, while we looked solemnly and trnstfully into .one i another's eyes; and then he said slowly, " No, love, no; you have always been above a suspicion of insincerity in my thoughts of you, and always will be. But, Kitty, Kitty, are you going to say that yon can never marry me?" j " Yes," I cried, now sobbing outright. " I would if 1 could, but I cannot, because of | Tom. I ought to have told you before; but j I didn't know how, that 1 was engaged to ; Tom." "Who is Tom?" he asked—not in such a | tone of anguish as I might have expected. In fact, for the second time in his life, he , misunderstood me for a moment; for he thought .(not unnaturally) I was crying be-: cause an early entanglement prevented me : from following the dictates of my heart, j " Who is Tom ? Sit here, dear," drawing me closer to him by the hand he still held, and i tell me all abont it." And I did as he bade me. I told him all | about it, with the frankness and sincerity j that he had come to look for in all my deal- , ingswith him. I told him the whole story, from the time of our early up-bringing to-. gether to the time when I sat alone to think of him on his birthday not ah hour ago. He understood me before 1 had dope; and, in, the deep silence that followed the pomflusion of my narrative, his teara bad becocie fdmost as hard to control as mine. I hadho shame in sitting beside him in the twilight' hand in hand, and .in Reeling so sorry ana pitiful for him that I obuld have kissed his hand to com fort him., j " Kitty." he saidptesently, "it might be— i it might by a bare nossibilit? happen—that Toin will nop be a§ faithful to yon as you are to him." I have io more doubt of him than of myself," I; I iplied promptly. in a tone that I hoped had n > ringef triumpn in it. "But, you' $ my .darling,;, yon hate hot toe gift pf pifophecy above other mortals, iuimmu erehot foeply experienced jn " iSrSrtT© wi^ti allxny heart," l.^pUi4J confidently. i t . . ■ i.'U never beena^lomat^^nldS^S you, then have married me T" 'COul^ .. X?8,',"1 answered frankly. - ....Well, nowsj" he went on, after a Ttnfaoai ft*\ Whand tightly looked let hie propose a bargain, if Tnm his, on his next SitthdayTS pro&S;? _ And as he certainly WuL" I broke in i Bmihng through my tears. 1 "Well, if he does, he getsvou nf nA as he deserves. But if he fai?s yiu, K?0* supposing such a thing possible, for the of argument, you know-then will you let™» have a chance ?" y iet ,. ^ i^said, "if you can think? his cast-off leavings worth having. pEr? warn you that I should neveHbve b?dy again—-no, not even you-as I lov« him. But oh, dear Lord Westbrook, don? think of such a thmg, and distress yourself for nothing. As certain as I am sittmeW with you to-day, I shall be sitting witlE this day next year." & ana a crael way of putting it," ha said. But I understand your perfect trust and I hope—I ought to hope, at least—that insiSd "3 were my task At this point we heard the click ;of the W latch in the garden-gate, and we both rosa hastily, (hough I don't know what for. '"It is a bargain, Kitty ?" he repeated eagerly at' last with reluctance letting go my hand. "There is no bargain,"! answered;" when, everything is on one side." " But I want you to do something." " What can I do!" ! " Do not write or communioate with him., until the year is up." , . • . "Oh, I am certain not to do that.; Ihave: never written to him yet, and don't mean to,' for the Bake of our promise to mother.!'';; • " But I mean, whatever happens, Things might turn up, Kitty—a year is a Jong time j. promise me to trust to his own faithfulness-^ " Certainly," I broke in; for mother's,foot was on the doorstep. "J will; promise to", leave it all to him—yes, whatever happens. I will give him no encouragement to be faithful; he will not need that." A little later, I was sitting by the fire in my - own attic room, in my dressing-gown) bhish ing my hair, and crying gently to myself;, and 1 heard mother's dress rustling through the two empty chambers without. If ahq saw my tears, as I have no doubt she did, she did not appear to notice them, as aha. came softly in and sat down beside me, while she unfastened her sealskin coat. - :. "You are late to-night, mother," I ,re marked, . by way of saying something. "Didn't you find it dreadfully cold? It2a. going to snow, I think." . " I think it is, by thefeel of the air. How is your throat now, dear?" " I believe it is much the same; I have not ■ thought of it, to tell the truth." "You have had something else to think of," said she, smiling, and drawing me to her. " I know Lord Westbrook has been to see fou, and I think I know his errand. Don't ■ , Kitty?" " Perhaps so, mother. If he told yonabouC it, I suppose he told you it was quite fruit* less." "I hope not, love—I hope not! Your father and I have both foreseen it, and hoped it would not be that. We could not wish you a. better lot than to be the wife of such a so good a man and so perfect a gentleman,', ana—with, everything else into the bsigaiiw Out of all the world we could not have seen, or desired a better match for yon. And he < is almost like a son to us already. Yon must not be in a hurry about it, Kitty; it ia too important a tiling to be Bottled offhand." "Ihave notbeenataKina hurry," I re replied, -hardened against her for the moment,; as Bhe thus ignored Tom's existence and all his claims, and steeling my heart against its mood for tender confidences. " Bntyou seem to have given him a sort of refusal f' "Yes, mother* but I did not do it in S hurry. It was settled before ever I saw him, if you come to that. I have told hint just how everything is, and he qnite under stands. He is not angry, I assure you. It will not make any difference in our relations with him or his family. I think he is one o£ the kindest and best men in the whole world,", I ooncluded, making a furtive dab with my handkerchief at my wet eyes, as I thought ofi" him trudging home through the wintry dark ness, with hia sore disappointment for com pany. " If yon think that," said mother incau jtiously, "you should not cast him off bo lightly—at any rate, not until you have had time—" But I interrupted her almost fiercely. "Lightly, mother! I should have bees' ' light if I had taken him, after what haa happened. Lightly!—that is the last word to nse! I may be young, bat I have not shows myself 'light' in those things. I shall prove to you some day, mother, that that ia a very unjust accusation." , A cloud of perplexity and trouble cams' over her face, and she rose with a sigh and kiBsed me. " I beg your pardon, dear, foe speaking' hastily," Bhe said, with her soft dignity. "We won't talk any more of it now. You muBt believe that we only want to make you . happy, and I hope you will bs guided by our advice and experience a little* Now put on your dress: it is almoBt dinner time. When she* was gone I put on my dress—' my homely every-day evening dress, which happened just now to be the dear old Nana* porwidgee black silk, with its gloss ahdt beauty dimmed. But over that I put on my beautiful necklace, the first time I had worm it when wei had had no company; and where I came to dinner thus adorned, both father and mother stared at me. " Yon should be more careful of those emeralds, dear," remarked mother. "They are only suitable to wear on great occasions. , ." I wear them because it ia a great occa sion," was ,my proud teply. " It is Tomer birthday, mother." " Indeed," she said gently. 41 We muirt remember tp drink hia health." . ^ " To be sure we must; we'll haven bottle of the green. seal up on purpose," quoth .daddy, with a transparent affectation o£ cordiality, j They could neither of them pre tend to feel any enthusiasm about it. ' 