EXPERIENCES ' OPAN EDINBUEGH DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGO VAN, Author op 'Bbought to Bat,' &c.; [Fdblished by sppeial arrangement with the Au'&or.; AH lights reserved.] Secokb Sehies. — No. IV. BURNT OUT TRACES. (In Two Pabts— Paet I.) Not far from Glasgow, and on the face of a steep slope lies the town of W ? , be neath and around which lies a perfect .honeycomb of coal pits. Near this little town stood a two-storey house, enclosed in. a little garden which had remained for nearly a year unlet, on account of a report that the foundation was sinking. At length an old lady with one female servant arrived from Glasgow ^ and, after a few days' resi dence in the principal inn, in the main street of the town, this lady took and meagrely furnished the nulet house, moving thither with her servant and vaguely hint ing at her intention of making1 the place her permanent residence, ' if they would only let her alone.' The ' they' alluded to was interpreted by her servant to those curious enough to -enquire to mean some expectant relatives who were rather more eager for Miss Buchanan's death and money than that lady considered seemly or assuring. The few days1 residence at the hotel had revealed certain circumstances regarding Miss Buchanan that were not likely to be forgotten in the gossipy little place. These were that she had rather a disagreeable temper, and was very eccentric and very fond of brandy, or any strong spirit, of ?which she consumed more in a day than if she had been astrong, robust collier, instead of a slender and somewhat delicate old ?woman. After her removal to the rather lonely house already mentioned Miss Buchanan was seldom seen. She never went abroad, either to kirk or market, and took open-air exercise only when she was not likely to be seen or Tecognised. The secret of this eccentric habit was long bidden, but at length, like many more, oozed out through her servant, the girl Maggie Bryce. ' She's afraid that her relatives find oat where she is and come down here and take her away, maybe to an asylum,' the girl admitted, in strict confidence, of course, to one .of her cronies* ' She is very rich, aa if they once got her into an asylum, w'lere she would be kept to a strict quantity ever day, they would have it all in their own hands.' In subsequent bursts of confidence tie girl Bryce also admitted that she hera^l inew fittle of her employer, having onl been picked up at a servants' register in Glasgow, before coming to W ? ; and, moreover, stated her belief that Buchan n was not her mistress's real name. T e Inference was plain. In order to escape importunate friends, the old lady had changed her name and removed to an obscure town, where she could do as she pleased with her own while she lived, and leave to 'hex affectionate friends the task of tracing her, in their own interests, after she was gone. When questioned as to the means of the lady she served, Bryce was not quite so communicative, perhaps from $ want of real knowledge on the subject ; but it was generally understood that Miss Buchanan was tolerably wealthy, and that she seldom troubled banks with the task of protecting her money. About the time thatthese* facts were be coming known, two incidents occurred which have a considerable bearing on the intricate mystery which followed, and -which; therefore, must fee noted here. A steady course of dissipation and unlimited indulgence at last reduced Miss Buchanan to such a state that the frightened servant girl one morning summoned a medical man, expressing a fear that her mistress had gone mad. The doctor, who was somewhat of a character, and as plain spoken as he was clever, sniffed suspiciously at a couple of brandy bottles whieh he took from under the sick woman's pillow, and said shortly — 'Mad? Imphm; it's a common Mn' o' madness. How much o' this does she take in a day ?' Bryce answered without reserve, and the medical man's emphatic statement and -warning was that if his patient did not moderate hex allowance she would not live another month, even supposing she re covered from the present attack. However, the patient seemed to have a pretty hardy constitution ; for after a few visits, she was well enough to pay the doctor with her own hands, and to sharply tell him 'not to come back again.' About this time also the girl Bryce seems to have got acquainted with a man named Bill Dods, a collier by trade ; but at th t time up with the militia in a town hard ' y for the annual six weeks' training. This man bore an indifferent character, but of course that could not well be known to the girl Bryce, who, like most of her kind was not indifferent to a handsome face and figure, more especially when encased in a semblance of a military garb. Dods was an old gaol bird, having been twice impri soned for desertion, twice for robbery, and once for assault ; but Bryce learned to like him, and to admit him to the house, with out her mistress's knowledge, as well as to regale him on delicacies which had never been intended for his capacious throat. Bryce, at this time, was not bad herself, only silly, and fond, of giggling and romp ing, of which she got so little in her lonely home; nor is Bryce the first by many thousands who have been led off their feet by the same apparently harmless inclina tion. In the masterly hands of Dods this figgling girl was pliant as putty ; and with er head full of notions of being bis wife, looked forward with ecstacy to the time ?when his six weeks of tiainino- should end. But when that time arrived something occurred which she, at least, had not antici pated when she first smiled upon her fol lower. One evening Bryce appeared at the shop of the chemist who had supplied her mistress's drugs during her brief illness, with her cheeks swathed in a flannel bandage, and looking somewhat excited or distressed, and aak-id for a sleeping draught. *'And you must give me something strong, but not ill to take,' she added to the lad who served. ' My mistress is going away somewhere to-night — Glasgow, I think — and as I've had no sleep with this toothache for two nights I must have some thing to make me forget Fm in the lonely place by myself. If I don't deep HI see nothing but ghosts and goblins the whole night through.' ' Hadn't you better get the tooth out ? suggested the chemist's assistant, who was in the habit of joking familiarly with the giil. 'If you let me look at it for a moment, and sit down, Fll have it out before you know where you are, and harge you nothing for the job.' 'Thank you — no; I don't want to lo e any of my teeth,' hastily returned the girl. 'Besides, I don't think it proceeds from, a bad one — it's only rheumatism in the gums ; and the mistress says the sleeping draught is the only thing for me.' : ' Well, let me see the gum, and p'r'aps I can give you something to rub on it,' per sisted the lad ; but Bryce for onoe appeared in a hurry to be gone, 'and only said — 'No, give me the sleeping draught; if I get to-night over that's all I care for. But don't give me a nasty thing. If it had been for the mistress I shouldn't have cared. She is such a seasoned cask that she can swallow anything and never make a face.' :' Then your mistress is to be back again to- morrow?' inquiringly remarked the chemist, as he made up the draught re quired. The girl reddened and stammered a little, to his surprise, and then said, rather in coherently — ?' Well, I don't know about that. Who can tell what she'll do? She knowa her own business best. She might be off to America to-morrow for aught I know and never come back again. She's like the wan dering Jew, I think — always on the move.' Altogether there was such a markai change in the girl's manner that the lad, as'soon as he had left the shop, said to him ' I doubt she has been taking some of her mistress's brandy. She has too much in her power — too much for her own good.' The nearest town to W ? is four miles off, and the common road between the two is skirted for a part of the way by a long plantation, through- which runs a : path leading to the militia town in which. Bill Dods has just completed his six weeks of training. A few hours after the above conversa tion at the chemist's two persons were seen to meet and converse earnestly for some time at this roadside thicket. One was a man, said to resemble Bill Dods ; the other was a woman, whose appearance was not noted particularly, except that she wore an old-fashioned dress of flowered barege, a bonnet that was at least twenty years out of fashion, and a veil of rich black lace, thiek enough to hide her beauty, if she pos sessed any, from the rudest gaze. Iu her hand this lady carried a hamper, or hand basket, roped as for a journey,' but though it appeared weighty, she did not seem to wish for assistance in carrying it. After a time the two parted, the man going to ware's W ? , and the woman moving on towards the next town, which also baasts a railway station. At this railway station the basket alluded to was taken possession of by the railway porter to be ticketed for the baggage van, when he saw, and afterwards remembered the fact, that it was legibly labelled ' Miss Buchanan, passenger to Glasgow.' The same man, when ques tioned as to the appearance aad manner of the passenger, firmly said — ' She was gey auld — ths hair I saw under her veil was very grey — and in an awm' hurry for the train comin' up. She couldca sit still a meenit, but was aye stamping aboot the platform like a daft body.' The same night, at about eleven o'clock, one of the policemen in W ? , while standing at the head of the long steep street leading to the railway station, after the closing of the public-houses, fancied he saw a glare of light on the low ground far below. His first impression was that one of the out-houses or luggage stores of the railwaystation was on fire, and he said 30 to some one near, but night fires ara some what misleading as to distance, an 1 it was speedily ascertained that the house now wrapped in flames was that occupied by the eccentric Miss Buchanan. A great deal of unnecessary running to and fro followed the discovery, but at last the fire-engine w^s got out and connected with a pond near the house; but by that time flames were shooting out at every window, the floor of the upper storey had fallen in, fol lowed by a portion of the roof, and the whole house as thoroughly gutted as if it had been allowed to blaze unheeded. After pouring water upon the ruins for a few hours, the police entered the building. There had been but little furniture in the place — merely what sufficed for the kitchen, servant's bedroom, and Miss Buchanan's own loom — and that little was destroyed; but a strange and overpowering odor coming from the bedroom allotted to the girl Bryce, together with some statements made by the cheaaisfs assistant, who had been attracted thither fey the crowd, in duced the police to examine the spot with more than ordinary keenness. The little apartment wa& now swimming with water, the bed clothes mostly consumed, and little of the bedstead but the four posts left standing ; but in the centre of the melan choly wreck was the remains of a human form, attired in what seemed to be the burnt shreds of a servant's print wrapper. u I'm afraid the girl's been burnt alive,' said the chemist's assistant, in horror, as they gently gathered up the unrecognisable remains, ' for that is a bit of the very drea3 she had on when she came for the sleeping draught.' A more diligent search revealed among the scorched remains a small medicine phial, warped with the heat, but yet recognisable as that which contained the deeping: draught, and the half-melted remains of a brass candlestick ; and the police, putting all ascertained facts together, at once jumped to a not very stupid looking con clusion— f ? The girl had been lonely or disinclined for sleep, had lain down on the bed with a book or a paper in her hand, and the candle beside her, and had then fallen asleep, aad fceen burnt or suffoeated as she lay before help could arrive.' : Such was their firmly expressed opinion, and it was in that form that the case found its way into the newspapers. Bat a day's investigation threw a new light on the mystery. The house was not so thoroughly consumed in all its parts but that traces of an incendiary's hand could be detected. There were piles of papers here and there carefully arranged and saturated with tur pentine, with loose cotton sheets and chintz curtains close at hand, andihess traces were not found at one spot only. The circumstance of Miss Buchanan de parting so suddenly from the next railway station, bearing her valuables with her, added to the grave aspect of ths cage, to gether with the fact that she was firmly believed to be more than eccentric — ac- tually unsettled rin reason. The wits of these country policemen were not' dull — the case was merely one a little out of their line ; so their second conclusion, right or wrong, had at least a plausible appearance. The police notiee printed at W ? , and sent round to the Various offices and sta tions, including our own at Edinburgh, stated that, whereas the house had been found on fire in the manner already de scribed, and showing traces of having been wilfully ignited, and whereas the charred remains of a human being had been found in the servant's bedroom, and identified as those of the girl Maggie Bryee, her mis tress, Miss Buchanan, having absconded the same evening, after advising her ser vant to procure a sleeping draught, a re ward of Ten Pounds was offered for the apprehension of the said Miss Buchanan, and all police officers and constables were empowered to arrest and detain any one answering the minute description which followed. About the time that this notice reached our office, it chanced that an Edinburgh housebreaker took it into his head that ha would be safer in the west, working under ground in a grimy coal pit for a time than in either Edinburgh or Glasgow, and I went through to pick him up. As I needed one of the local police to help me — a man who had been present at the fire — I said to him, in talking the case over — *' It's a strange thing tliat none of you thought of looking after the man Bill Dods, who was believed to have been seen near the road with the old lady on the night she went of.' ?' Oh, Dods ? We did look after him, but he was gone too,' was the quick re joinder. *' Gone ? — with the old lady, do you mean ?' I said, in surprise. f'That is more than any one can tell. Tiey did not go by the same train, or in debd, by the same station, but they might have made it up to meet somewhere.' tf And you mean to tell me that they made it up — this rascally collier and the daft old lady — to elope, after firing the house and burning the innocent servant whom he had before been sweethearting V I increduously returned. ' Not exactly that. The fellow might easily have got round a daft old woman ; but the girl may have stood in the way of an elopement, and been dosed to sleep till they were gone. The fire might have been an accident.' u The notice distinctly mentions traces of an incendiary. ** Yes, but the traces were precious well burnt out. You can't rely much on them.' ' You can describe Dods, I suppose ?' Oh, yes; no one could mistaUe him in any guise. A handsome fellow, about twenty-eight, dark brown hair and mous tache, which he curls at the end like a drill sergeant. He always affects a military air, an-^ sometimes pretends to be an old soldier.' (i You will detain him, I suppose, if he should turn up?' ' Will a blackbird snap at a worm ? Yes, we'll grip him fast, never fear, aud get something out of Mm, too, if he come3 in our way.' An interval followed this visit of mine, during which no further stir was made re garding the mysterious crime. The remains of the servant were claimed by her friends from Glasgow, and taken thither aud decently interred. As for the old lady, Mies Buchanan, she remained hidden from every search, from the moment she had entered the train from Glasgow on the night of the fire. More than one person answering her description was picked up and detained, but they were all found to be other than the real lady, and I began to believe that, whatever the nature of the crime which had that night been committed, all traces of it had been effec tually obliterated by the fire. After an inter val of some months, however, I chanced to notice, in an account of the Glasgow Police Court cases, the name of one ' William Dods, describing himself as a gentleman, and charged with assault to the effusion of blood in a public-house in Trongate.' The case having been an aggravated one, the accused, though anxiously pleading for a fine, was sentenced to three days' imprison ment, the Bailie remarking that he had a suspicion that Dods was an old offender, which, if proved, would have added a month et least to his sentence. The word ing of this account more than the name attracted my attention, and I at once sent a telegram to Johnny Farrel to the follow ing effect: — 'Detain the man William Dods till I come through. I wish to speak to him.' On the following morning I was through, at the prison, and was shown the interest ing prisoner, dressed and ready to leave, his fchort sentence having expired that morn ing. He was flashily attired, and wore a twenty guinea gold watch, with a heavy gold chain, and carried a purse in which I myself counted nearly twenty pounds be fore it was restored to him. Still, a glance at the man would have told any one that he was no gentleman ; and after requesting him as a favor to walk up and down the room for a moment, I decided by his gait that lie was, or had been, both a collier and a militia man. More; the general de scription given me of Bill Dodssuited the man before me ; and after a grave whis pered conversation with Johnny Fawel, and a due caution to the prisoner, I abruptly began — ' Were you ever in W ? ' What a change these simple words made upon the man's whole aspect! Before, he had been defiant, lordly, and indignant, and eager to bo gone, but now he paled to a sickly hue, and seemed so anxious to retain bis seat that I was doubtful if he could have walked unaided. Ha remained thus paralysed for some moments, and then said feebly — -§ What — what do you mean ?' ' You are making that reply to gain time to think what story to make up,' I coolly remarked. 'Out with it, man — are you not Bill Dods, formerly in the militia, and some time sweetheart to a girl named M&ggie; Bryce f ' There was a long pause, during which I took occasion to say that hia silence would be quite as good an answer to me as the longest of speeches, when he recovered a little and boldly said — : ' Yes, I did belong to that place, but I didn't sweetheart the girl Bryce much. I spoke to her once or twice — that's all.' ' Did you meet and speak to her em ployer, Miss Buchanan, on the road to VV ? , on the night the house was burned ?' A curious look — almost a contemptuous smile — crossed his face at the question, and he quickly and firmly answered — 'No.' u Have you seen her since that time, then ? here, in Glasgow, or elsewhere ?' ' No, I never spoke to her in my life,' he doggedly auswered. ' Do you not even know where sue is to be found ?' I continued, beginning to see i hat Dods was a cleverer rascal tuau t had imagined. ' I do not — I can swear that,' he em phatically returned. rt What are you doing now ?' I calmlv pursued. 'I mean, what do you earn your bread by ? You seem to have prospered since the night of the fire.' Again a tinge of the sickly pallor crossed his face, but it was more quickly conquered and dispelled than the last, and he boldly answered — ' I am doing nothing. I've been left dome money, and am living on that.' ' Have you any objections to telling us 'who it was that left you the money ?' ; ' Is that any business of yours f ' he fiercely returned, with a gathering scowl. ' That is precisely what I wish to dis cover,' I calmly rejoined. ' You alone can enlighten me.' ' Then you may go elsewhere for the news. I am not to be pumped.' ' Just as I feared. You have something to conceal,' I sharply answered. ' Well, I dare say I shall discover what I want without your aid. You refuse also to give your address, I understand, but rest assured we will not let you go till we have found that out.' ' What am I to be kept in for ? Isn't my time up ?' he said, in evident alarm. ?' Turn over certain incidents of your past history for a moment in your mind, and try to discover a probable reason for yourself,' was my parting advice, and with the an3«ver he had to be content. We left the prison, and having arranged for his detention, sought out his lodgings, a third-rate hotel in an obscure street; but as he had little or no luggage we made no discovery of importance, further than that he had stated on his arrival that the ' long railway ride had made him hungry,' and that he had just 'come to Glasgow to spend some money at the Fair.' The result was that in a day or two Dods was set at liberty, there being no evidence to connect him with the strange crime, upon which I had now spent so much thought. Some days after these incidents in coming .'ilong our own Niehclson-street with McSweeny, I chanced to return some vague answer to one of Ms remarks, when he suddenly said — *' Faith, I'd take me oath now that your thinking on the miserable defeat you had at Glasgow wid that thafe of the world, Dods?' ' I was thinking of the case truly, but not of defeat,' I laughingly returned. ' You know, Barney, every detective isn't as clever as you.' 'Then what wor ye thinkin' of?' he curiously enquired. f'l was thinking that it was curious that a handsome fellow like him should have fancied going off, with an old woman.' ' Begorra, that's true ; but the money might do it,' simply answered my com panion. ' If it had been me, now, I'd rather have run off wid the young girl, and left the ould harridan at home.' ' Ha ! I think I have it !' I suddenly exclaimed, stopping short on the street and paling, as McSweeny afterwards observed, to a deathly hue, in. the excitement of the moment. u Very likely ; ye get all your best ideas from me, and then pass them off in your bobks as your own,' enviously returned McSwee&y.---; i'-But what is it, Jaroie, aviclil Let's hear what the secret is, an' then I'll help ye to lay it bare.' ' I'm not sure that it will ever be laid bare,' I answered, after a pause to think. ' But time will tell if the traces are really burnt out.' (To he continued,.) 