ORIGINAL POETRY. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Snq — A neighbor handed me this morn ing a copy of your issue of September 2nd, 1859, which he had accidentally found, and pointed out — " Original Poetry, by ' Old Stoney.'" I couldn't help thinking wnat a sorty ne must have been, ana beg to make the following remarks : — " Old Stonfy" arose in.Tadmor some twenty- years ago, And suid we were rapidly going to pot — if we weren't, we ought to go. The poetry (sic) that I quote below will make my meaning plain. Ii he were alive (which I do not know), I don't think he'd say it again. He never dreamt of gold lying hid deep in auriferous ranges ; Nor th inght that Tadmor could hold its own, in spite of many changes. He never dreamt of a State-school, with its eight hundred children around it ; But thought 'twou:d sink down to a penniless town-a much worse place than he found it. He never dreamt of a railway, nor yet of a water-supply ; Had he been told they would ever exist, he'd have said, " It's all my eye !" He never dreamt that we'd plant our streets with every kind of tree. He never dreamt that Billscn would our re presentative he. If his ghost would arise, and this meet his eyes (if he's .lead), he would say, "I'll bet I was wrong, dear boy, and I wish you joy ; there's life iu the old dog yet." Beechworth, 3rd February, 1879. Alas! poor Beech worth Sparrow Vails, Like Birds of passage jaded, That cannot fly, are left to die ; Your Go'den hopes have faded. Pride brings a fall ; Night spreads i s Pall of nlitom fni axrur nrfof Like Pat Wall's nig,. Though once so big, You've now laid up in Glover. For e'en the Star, that shinsd so bright, It's lustre is departed ; For Beechworth town They've galloped down, And the Swell Mob's brokeD hearted. The Constitution must be strong, When Dog eats Dog, if it lasts long ; Long Tom, he kno-.vs my meaning. Quick to bis aid, ye Fire Brigade, for I have roused hia ire ; And Municipal scandal Cripples, help todonse the fire. Testimonial. — Mr A. Wilson, late Town Clerk of the Borough of Wangaratta, was presented with a testimonial at Jtuvis's Traveller's Rest Hotel, on last Friday evening. Mr A. Tone presided. The usual congratulatory expressions on such occasions were bestowed and recipro cated, and the meeting separated after having partaken of a glass of wine, and wishing Mr Wilson success in his new- sphere. Telegraphic.— It is perhaps not gene rally known, in connection with other ar rangements recently made in the working of the Telegraph department, that any telegraph office in the colony can now communicate with the head office in Melbourne at all times, night as well as day, and on Sundays at all hours. We understand that it is proposed to make a material alteration in the rates charged for the transmission of telegrams after eight p.m. to the more important offices, such as Geelong, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beechworth, Sale, &c.; The rates hitherto charged have been fifty- eight words and under, 5s. The rates proposed to be adopted are the following : — From eight p m. to eteven p.m., aoume me present ordinary 2s for ten words, and 2d every additional word. After eleven p m. until half-past eight a.m , treble tlie ordinary rate, viz., 3s for ten words, and 3d for every additional word. The ordinary rates on press messages will remain unaltered, hut it is proposed to reduce the charge on press messages trans mitted within the colony on Sunday to the amount charged for press messages on other days between half-past seven p.m. and eleven pm,viz., 100 words and under, 2s each additional fifty words and under, 9d The Postmaster -General, iu view of the forthcom ing exhibition, is in communication with the authorities in Sydney, the object being to obtain additional facilities for the trans mission of press messages between that city and Melbourne. ThelostRecoterhd.— " Mr Frank Allan," the The Gipps Land Mercvry states, " re ceived a very welcome and most unexpected surprise on Friday by post from Philadelphia. It will be recollected that during the cricket match in that city last year a number of watches were stolen from the pavilion oc cupied by the Australian Eleven, and that the property could not he recovered previous to their departure. The police, however, promised to use every exertion to restore the stolen articles, and they were apparently successful.a very short time after theft. The packet which Mr Allan received contained two watches, his own and one he was bring ing out for his brother, but not a single scrap of writing to explain how, where, or when the watches were found The only information of the source whence the packet was sent was on ine aaaress, wntca mumatea mat ti came from the police at Philadelphia." Prevention or Cruelty to- Animals. — We have received the seventh annual report of this useful society. The report is on the whole a satisfactory one, and shows that daring the past year 504 cases -of cruelty were dealt with,, the majority, it says-,. by " moral suasion." The list of caseB is somewhat curious and is as follows : — Working oldlame, worn-out, and galled horses, 2277; ; overdriving and overworking horses, 7; cruelly beating horses,. 29'r abandoning old, worn-out, and sick animals, 8; neglecting and- starving animals,. 14; malioionsly mutilating and wounding' animals, 14 ; carrying calves in a oruel manner, 2; worrying cats, overstock ing cows, 16; cruelty in using: improper harness 1S<; petering kerosene overt dog-and. firing it,, lq; tying the legs of poultry, MS; various aots of cruelty to pigs,- .sheep, and poultry, 25. The balance-sheet shows a credit c5£69)0b 33d. Speaking at the annual meeting the Rev. Ganon Vanee said, " Yon say with pride— ISawto sum ; nihil' hutnani it me alienum>pu1a>z and yon think rightly that by that sentiment you have linked yourself for weal or woe with the balance-olyou? kised. vm lam 1/inta oom 4m f\n JLtlBf Utt» XXV TV SAIMW Itv/'tu OtWf OIWUUD W MiV way whom it is-ths sufferings oft the lower animals you wishi to appraise. Of iooaiaev to a certain extent you do put yourself in. the place of your hecse or eow, whea>yom allow that you would not yourself;' like- fo> be overdriven or underfed, or kept all day without either food or watery, or tmooked about the head with a pick-axe. Yon under stand that the sense of hunger and; thirst and pun and fatigue ieeommon to you withitbsm. Bat there you draw the line We- dl> not credit the Urate creation with the possession .1 tltAon fiwir OA»fttvnoftfa vkinV VIA iuvoo B«I,P«IIHWM.B nuvu nu to ourselves — we- take little aeeountofi their preferenee for place or food ox- posture, their appreciation of comfort, their- demand for company, their sensibility to praise and blame, their disposition to frot-underiajustiee, to despond and pine away when unfiuriy taxed. . . . . And at is a great-argument against cruelty to>beaUe to say to -the pu&fio;, "It won't payyou to permit it. Qvex&iven; cattle on the roads means diseased; meat in the markets overstocked cows in .the byres means milk of human wtkindneoeJn yeor children' food. Hunted and trapped and frightened! QRI6R u« ittwiw AHoau uettbu. aa lUB pOi tOr mere- than ;tke animals you- have snared or cared. It as a great tkingto have suoh pen- dential sanation for humanity. But, after all, humanity does not rest upon what is only enlightened selfishness;; and the great value of the information your tracts supply is that it enables us to put ourselves in the plaeei of these poor relatione of onrs with regard to a aide of their natnse-of which we took before too little account, and shows us that they have more in eomman with us, and therefore a laim npon on sympathy for mora than what we «kll anima£ aacemitiea." 