The Storyteller. Vixen. CHAPTER X. "IT SHALL BE MEASURE FOR MEASURE." BY MISS BRADDON AUTHORESS OF "AURORA FLOYS," &c.;, &c.; The night of the ball came, and, in spite of her aversion for Captain Winstanley and general dislike of the whole thing, Violet Tempest began the evening by enjoying herself. She was young and energetic, and had an immense reserve of animal spirits after her two years of sadness and mourning. Shs danced with the partners her friends brought ker—some of the most eligible men in the rponi^-and was fuU of itfe and gaiety; yet the foetal seemed tw her in some wise horrible all the tin)*. "If Papa could know that we are dancing and smiling at each other, as if all life was made up of gladness, when he is lying in his cold grave !" thought Vixen, aftef joining hands with her mother in the ladies' chain. The widow looked as if she had never known aeare. She was conscious that Worth's chtf-dc OMvrvwaa not thrown away. She saw herself in the great mirrors which once reflected George and his lovely Fitzherbert in their days of glad ness—which reflected the same George later, old* and sick, and weary. "That French grand* dame was right," thought Mrs. Tempest, " who said, le noir est si flsjttant pour les blondes." Black was flattering for Vixen's ruddy hair also. Though her indifferent eye rarely glanced at the mirrored walls, she had never looked love lier. A tall graceful figure, in billowy black tulle, wreathed with white chrysanthemums; a queenlike head, with a red-gold coronal; a throatlike an ivory pillar, spanned with a broad black ribbon, fastened with a diamond clasp; diamond stars in her ears, and a narrow belt of diamonds round each white arm. M How many waltzes have you kept for me!" Captain Winstanley asked presently, coming up to Vixen. "I have not kept waltzes' for anyone," she answered indifferently. " But surely you were under a promise to keep some for me ? I asked you a week ago." M Did you ? I am sure I never promised any thing of the kind." "Here is only one little shabby waltz left,'* said the captain, looking at her programme. " May I put my name down for that ?" " If you like," answered Vixen indifferently ; and then, with the faintest suspicion of malice, added, "as mamma does not dance round dances." She was standing up for the Lancers presently, and her partner had just led her to her mother and Captain Winstanley again for her vis-a-vis. She grew suddenly pale and turned away. " Will you let me sit this out ?" she said. " I feel awfully ill. Her partner was full of concern, and carried her off at once to a cooler room. "It is too bad 1" she muttered to herself. " The Lancers! To go romping round with a lot of wild young men and women. It is as bad as the Queen in Hamlet." This was the last dance before supper. She went in presently with her attentive partner, who had kept by her side devotedly while the lively scramble to good old English tunes was going on in the dancing-room. " Are you better ?" he asked tenderly, fanning her with her big black fan, painted with pale gray cupids and white chrysanthemums. "The room ib abominably hot." " Thanks. I'm quite well now. It was only * The right of republishing " Vixen " in Queensland has been purchased by the proprietors of the Quwulandtr. a momentary faintness. But I rather hate the Lancers, don't you T" " Well, I don't know. I think sometimes, you know, with a nice partner, they're good fan. Only one can't help treading on the ladies' trains, and they wind themselves round one'a legu like snakes. I've aeen fellows come awful croppers, and the lady who has done it looks so sweetly unconcerned. But if one tears a lace flounce, you know, they look daggers. It's something too dreadful to feel oneself walking into honiton at ten guineas a yard, and the more one tries to extricate oneself the more harm one does." Vixen's Bupper was the merest pretence. Her mother sat opposite her, with Captain Winstanley still in attendance. Vixen gave them one look, and then sat like au image of scorn. Her partner could not get a word from her, and when he offered her the fringed end of a cracker bonbon, she positively refused to have anything to do with it "Please don't," she said. "It's too inane. I couldn't possibly pretend to be interested in the motto," When she went back to the ball-room Captain Winstanley followed her and claimed his waltz. The band was just striking up the latest love-sick German melody, "Weit yon dirl" as train of drawling tenderness. " Tou had better go and secure your supper," said Vixen, coldly. "I despise all ball-suppers. This one most particularly, if it were to deprive me of my waltz." Vixen shrugged her shoulders, and submitted to take those few preliminary steps which are like the strong swimmer's shiverings on the bank •re he plunges in the stream. And then she was whirling round to the legato strains, " Weit yon dir! Weit yon dir ! Wo ist mem Leben's Lust ? —Weit yon dir—weit yon dir!" Captain Winstanley's waltzing was simply pe fection. It was not the Liverpool Lurch, or the Scarborough Scramble; the Bermondsey Bounce, or the Whitechapel Woggle; it wan waltzing pure and simple, unaffected, graceful; the waltz ing of a man with a musical ear, and an athlete's mastery of the art of motion. Vixen hated the captain, but she enjoyed the waltz. They danced till the last bar died away in a tender diminuendo. " You look pale," said the captain; " let us go into the garden." He brought her cloak and wrapped it round her, and she took his offered arm without a word. It was one of those rare nights in late October, when the wind is not cold. There was hardly the flutter of a leaf in the Pavilion garden. The neighboring sea made the gentlest music—a melancholy ebb and flow of sound, like the murmuring of some great im prisoned spirit. In the searching light of day, when its adjacent cab-stauds and commonnesses are visible, and its gravelled walks are peopled with nursemaids and small children, the Pavilion garden pan hardly be called romantic. But by this tender moon? light, in this cool stillness of a placid autumn midnight, even the Pavilion had its air of romance and mystery. The various roofs and chimney* stood up against the sky, picturesque as a city of old time. And, after all, this part of Brighton has a peculiar charm which all the rest of Brighton laokt. It speaks of the past, it tells its story of the dead. They were not great or heroic, perhaps, those departed figures, whose ghosts haunt us in the red and yellow rooms, and in the stiff town garden; but they bad their his tories. They lived, and loved, and suffered; and, being dead *o long, come back to us in the softened fight of vanished days, and take hold of our fancy with, quaint garments and antique head-gear, their,powder, and court-swords, and diamond shoe-buckles, and little loves and little sorrows. Vixen walked slowly along the shining gravel path, with her black and gold mantle folded round her, looking altogether statuesque and un approachable. They took one turn in absolute nleaoe, and then Captain Winstanley, who was not inolined to beat about the bush when he had something particular to say, and a good oppor tunity for saying it, broke the spelL This was perhaps the first time, in an acquain tance of more than six months, that he had ever found himself alone with Violet Tempest, with out hazard of immediate interruption. "Miss Tempest," he began, with a firmness of tone that startled her, " I want to know why you are so unkind to me 1" " I hardly know what you mean by unkind ness. I hope I never said anything uncivil ?" "No; but you have let me see very plainly that you dislike me." " I am sony mature Ims given me an unpleas antly candid disposition." Those keen gray eyes of the captain's were watching her intently. An angry look shot at her from under the straight dark brows—swift as an arrow. " Tou admit then that you do not like me ?" he said. Vixen paused before replying. The position was embarrassing. " I suppose if I were ladylike and proper I should protest that I like you immensely ; that there is no one in the world, my mother ex cepted, whom I like better. But I never was particularly proper or polite, Captain Winstanley, and I must confess that there are very few people Ido like, and' " " And I am not one of them," said the captain. " Tou have finished my sentence for me." "That is hard upon me —no, Violet, you can never know how hard. Why should you dislike me ? You are the first woman who ever told me so" (flushing with an indignant recollec tion of all his victories). " I have done nothing to offend you. I have not been obtrusive. I have worshipped you at a distance—but the Persian's homage of the sun is not more reverent ii " Oh, pray don't talk about the Persians and the sun," cried Violet. "I am not worthy that you should be so concerned about my likes and dislikes. Please think of me as an untaught inexperienced girl. Two years ago I was a spoiled child. Tou don't know how my dearest father Bpoiled me. It is no wouder lam rude. Remember this, and forgive me if I am too truthful." "Tou are all that is lovely,'' he exclaimed passionately, Btung by her scorn and fired by her beauty, almost beside himself as they stood there in the magical moonlight—for once in his life forgetting to calculate every move on life's chess- board beforehand. " Tou are too lovely for me. From the very first, in Switzerland, when I waa bo happy no, 1 will not tell you. I will lay down my heart to be trampled under your feet "Don't," cried Vixen, transfixing him with the angry fire of her eyes, "for I'm afraid I Bhould trample on it. I am not one of those gentle creatureß who go out of their way to avoid treading on worms—or other reptiles." " You are as cruel as you are lovely," he said, "and your cruelty is Bweeter than another woman's kindness. Violet, I laugh at your dis like. Tea, auch aversion as that is often the be ginning of closest liking. I will not be disheart ened. I will not be put off by your scornful candor. What if I were to tell you that you are the only woman I ever loved V "Pray do not It would transform passive dislike into active hatred. I should be sorry for that, because," looking at him deliberately, with a slow scorn, " I think mamma likes you." "She has honored me with her confidence, and I hope I shall not prove unworthy of the trust I rarely fail to repay any benefit that is bestowed upon me." " October nights are treacherous," said Vixen, drawing her cloak closer round her. " I think we had better go back to the ball-room." She was shivering a little with agitated feeling, in spite of that mantle of scorn in which she had wrapped herself. Thiß was the first man who had ever called her lovely, who had ever talked to her of love with manhood's strong passion. The captain gave her his arm, and they went back to the light and heat of the yellow dragons and scarlet griffins. Another Lancer scramble was in full progress, to the old-fashioned jigging tunes, but Mrs. Tempest was sitting among the matrons in a corner by an open window. " Are we ever going home any more, mamma ?" enquired Vixen. ** My dear Violet, I have been waiting for you ever so long." " Why should you leave so early ?" exclaimed Captain Winstanley. "There are half-a-dozen more dances and you are engaged for them all, I believe, Miss Tempest" " Then I will show mercy to my partners by going away," said Violet " Are all balls as long as this? We seem to have been here ages? I expect to find my hair gray to-morrow morning." "I really think we had better go," said Mrs. Tempest, in her undecided way. She was a person who never quite made up her mind about anything, but balanced every question gently, letting somebody else turn the ■oale for her—her maid, her governess, her daughter; she was always trying to have her own way, but never quite knew what her own way was, and just managed things skilfully enough to prevent other people having theirs. " If you are determined, I will see you to your carriage, and then the ball is over for me," said the captain gallantly. He offered Mrs. Tempest his arm, and they went out into the vestibule, where the captain left them for a few minutes while he went into the porch to hasten the arrival of the carriage. " Where were you and Captain Winstanley all that time, Violet?" asked Mrs. Tempest ''" In the garden." " How imprudent!" " Indeed, dear p"nni^ it wasn't cold." " But you were out there so long. What could you find to talk about all that time V "We were not talking all the time, only enjoying the cool air and the moonlight" " Mrs. Tempest's carriage I" roared one of the door-keepers, as if it had been his doing that the carriage had appeared so quickly. Captain Winstanley was ready to hand them to their brougham. " Come and take a cup of tea to-morrow after noon, and let us talk over the ball," said the widow. "With infinite pleasure." " Shall we drop you at your house f' " A thousand thanks—no—my lodgings are bo close, I'll walk home." He went back for bis overcoat, and then walked slowly away, without another glance at the crowded ball-room, or the corridors where ladies who were waiting for their carriages were contriving to improve the time by a good deal of quiet, or noisy, flirtation. His lodgings were on the Old Steine, close by. But he did not go home immediately. There are times in a man's life when four walls are too Bmall to hold the bigness of his thoughts. Captain Winstanley paoed the Marine Parade for half-an-hour or so before he went home. " Va pour la mere," he said to himself, at the close of that half-hour's meditations; " she is really very nice, and the position altogether advantageous, perhaps as much as one has the right to expect in the general decadence of things. But, good heavens, how lovely that girl is t She is the first woman who ever looked me in the face and told me she disliked me; the first woman who ever gave me contemptuous looks and scornful words. And yet—for that very reason perhaps—l " The dark brows contracted over the keen eyes, which seemed closer than usual to the hawk nose. " Look to yourself, my queen, in the time to come," he said, as he turned his back on the silvery sea and moonlight sky. " You have been hard to me and I will be hard to you. It shall be measure for measure." Chapter XL "I HAVK MO WBONO WHKRE I CAN CLAIM NO RIGHT." Gorao home again. That was hard to bear. It reopened all the old wounds. Violet Tempest felt aa if her heart must really break, as if this new grief were sharper than the old one, when the carriage drove in through the familiar gates, in the December dusk, and along the winding ahrubberied road, and up to the Tudor porch, where the lion of the Tempests stood, pMßant regardant, with lifted paw and backward gaze, above the stone Bhield. The ruddy firelight was shining across the wide doorway. The old hearth looked as cheerful as of old. And there stood the empty chair beside it. That had bean Vixen's particular wish. " Let nothing be disturbed, dear mamma,'* she had said ever so many times, when her mother was writing her orders to the housekeeper. " Beg them to keep everything just as it was in papa's time." " My dear, it will only make you grieve more.' " Yea; but I had rather grieve for him than forget him. lam more afraid of forgetting him than of grieving too much for him," aaid Viien. And now, aa she stood on the hearth after her journey, wrapped in black furs, a little black fur toque crowning her ruddy gold hair, fancy filled the empty chair aa she gazed at it Tea, ahe could see her father sitting there in his hunting clothes, his whip across hu knee. The old pointer, the squire's favorite, came whining to her feet How old he looked I Old, and broken, and infirm, aa if from much Borrow. " Poor Nip I poor Nip !" abe aaid, patting him. " The joy of your life went with papa, didn't it ?" " It's all very sad," murmured Mrs. Tempest, loosing her wraps. " A sad, sad, home-coming. And it seemi ouly yesterday that I came here aa a bride. Did I ever tell you about my travel* ling-dreßS, Violet? It was a shot-silk—they were fashionable then, you know—brenze and blue—the loveliest colors !" "I can't imagine a shot-silk being anything but detestable," aaid Vixen curtly. " Poor Nip ! How faithful dogs are ! The dear thing is actu ally crying!" Tears were indeed running from the poor old eyes, as the pointer's head lay in Vixen's lap, as if memory, kindled by her image, brought back the past too keenly for that honest canine heart. "It is very mournful," said Mrs. Tempeßt. " Pauline, let us have a cup of tea." She sank into an armchair opposite the fire. Not the squire's old carved oak-chair, with ita tawny leather cushions. That mußt needs be sacred evermore—a memento of the dead, stand ing beside the hearth. "I wonder if anyone is alive that we knew here," said Vixen, lying back in her low chair, and idly caressing the dog. " My dear Violet, why should people be dead ? We have only been away two yean." " No; but it seems bo long. I hardly expect to see any of the old faces. He is not here," with a sudden choking sob. " Why should all be left—except him ?" "The workings of Providence are full of mystery," sighed the widow. " Dear Edward I How handsome he looked that day he brought me home. And he was a noble looking man to the last Not more than two spoonfuls of pekoe, Pauline. You ought to know how I like it by this time." This to the handmaiden, who was making tea at the gipsy-table in front of the fire—the table at which Vixen and Rorie had drunk tea so merrily on that young man's birthday. After tea they went the round of the house* How familiar, how dear, how strange, how sad all things looked! The faithful servant* had done their duty. Everything- was in iU place. The last room they entered was the squire's study. Here were all his favorite books. The "Sporting Magazine" from ita commencement, in crimson morocco, Nimrod and the Druid. Aasheton Smith'B Memoirs, and many others of the same class. Books on farming and farriery, on dogs and guns. Hera were the squire's guns and whips, a motley collection, all neatly ar ranged by his own hands. The servants had done nothing but keep them free from dust There by the low ana cosy fireplace, with its tiled hearth, stood the capacious crimson morocco chair in which the master of the Abbey House had been wont to ait when he held audience with his kennel-huataman, or gamekeeper, his farm* bailiff, or stud- groom. " Mamma, I should like you to look the door of this room and keep the key, so that no one may ever come here," said Vixen. "My dear, that is just the way to prolong your grief ; but I will do it if you like." "Do, dear mamma. Or, if you will let me keep the key, I will come in and dust the room every day. It would be a pleasure for me, a mournful one, perhaps, but still a pleasure." Mrs. Tempest made no objection, and when they left the room Vixen looked the door and put the key in her pocket It was close to Christmas, The saddest time for such a home-coming. Vixen thought. The gardeners brought in their barrows of holly, and fir, and laurel; but Vixen would take no part in the decoration of hall and corridors, staircase and gallery—she who in former years had been so active in the labor. The humble inhabitants of the village rejoiced in the return of the family at the great house, and Vixen was pleased to see the kind faces again, the old men and women, the rosy-cheeked children, md careworn mothers. She had a friendly word for everyone, and gifts for all. Home was aweet to her after her two years' absence, despite the cloud of sadness that overhung all things. She went out to the stables and made friends with the old horses, most of which had been out at grass, and had enjoyed a paradise of reat for the last two years. Slug and Crawler, Mrs. Teinpeat'a carriage horses, sleek even-miuded bays, had been at Brighton, and so had Vixen's beautiful thoroughbred, Arion, and a handsome brown for the groom; but all the rest had stayed in Hampshire. Not one had been sold, though the stud had been a wasteful and useless one for a widow and her daughter. There was Bullfinch, the hunter Squire Tempest had ridden in his last hour of life. Violet went into bio box hnd caressed him, and fed him and cried over him with bitterest tears. This home comiug brought back the old Borrow with over whelming force. She ran out of the stables to hide her tears, and ran up to her own room, and abandoned herself to her grief, almost as utterly as she had done on those dark days when her father's corpse was lying in the house. There was no friendly Miss M'Croke now to be fussy and anxious, and to interpose herself between Violet Tempest and her grief. Violet was supposed to be "finished," or, in other words, to know everything under the sun which a young lady of good birth and ample fortune can be required to know. Everything in this case con sisted of a smattering of French, and Italian, and German, a dubious collection of the main facts in modern history, a few vague notious about RPtronomy, some foggy ideas upon the constitution of plants and flowers, seaweeds and shells, rocks and hills—and a general indifference for all literature except poetry and novels. Miss M'Croke, having done her duty conscien tiously after her lights, had now gone to finish three other young ladies, the motherless daugh ters of an Anglo-Indian colonel, over whom she was to exercise maternal authority and guidance, in a tall narrow house in Maida Vale. She had left Mrs. Tempest with all honors, and Violet had lavished gifts upon her at parting, feeling fonder of her governess in the last week of their association than at any other period of hetuterlage. To-day in her sorrow, it was a relief to Violet to find herself free from the futile consolations of friendship. She flung herself into the armchair by the fire, and sobbed out her grief. "Oh, kindest, dearest, best of fathers," Bhe cried, " what is home without you !" And then she remembered that awful day of the funeral when Roderisk Vawdrey had Bat with her beside this hearth, and had tried to comfort her, and she had heard his voice as a Bound far away, a sound that had no meaning, and pro duced only a dull stupefying effect upon her mind. That was the last time she had seen him. " I don't Buppose I thanked him for his pity or his kindness," she thought "He must have gone away thinking me cold and ungrateful; but I was like a creature at the bottom of aome dark dismal pit How could I feel thankful to some one looking down at me and talking to me from the free happy world at the top ?" Her sobs ceased gradually, she dried her tears, and that unconscious pleasure in life which is a part of innocent youth came Blowly back. She looked round the room in which so much of her childhood had been spent, a room full of her own fancies and caprices, a room whose pretti ness had been bought with her own money, and was the work of her own hands. In spite of home's sorrowful association she was triad to find herself at home. Mountains, and lakes, and sunny bays, and dark pathless forests may be ever so good to see, but there is something sweet in our return to the familiar rooms of home ; some pleasure in being shut within four walls surrounded by one's own be longings. The wood-fire burnt merrily, and sparkled on the many-colored pots and pans upon the pan neled walL Outside the deep-mullioned win dows the winter blast was blowing, with occasional spurts of flying snow. Argus crept in presently, and stretched himself at full length upon the fleecy white rug. Vixen lay back in her low chair, musing idly in the glow of the fire, and by-and-by the lips which had been con vulsed with grief parted in a smile, the lovely brown eyes shone with happy memories. She was thinking of her old playfellow and friend, Rorie. "I wonder if he will come to-day," she mused. " I think he wilL He is sure to be at home for the hunting. Tes, he will come to-day. What will he be like, I wonder T Handsomer than he was two yean ago? No, that could hardly be. He v quite a man now. Three-and twenty ; I must not laugh at him any more." The thought of his coming thrilled her with a new joy. She seemed to have been living an artificial life in the two yean of her absenoe, to have been changed in her very self by change of surroundings. It was almost as if the old Vixen had been sent into an enchanted sleep, while some other young lady, a model of propriety and good manners, went about the world in Vixen's shape. Her life had been made up, more or leas, of trifles and foolishness, with a background of grand scenery. Tepid little friendships with agreeable fellow-travellers at Nice; tepid little friendships of the same order in Switzerland; well-dressed young people smiling at each other, and delighting in each other's company; and parting, probably for ever, without a pang. But now she had come back to the friends, the horses, the dogs, the rooms, the gardens, the fields, the forests, of youth, and was going to be the real Vixen again ; the wild, thoughtless, high spirited girl Squire Tempest and all the peasantry round about had loved. " I have been ridiculously well-behaved," she ■aid to herself, "quite a second edition of mamma. But now lam back in the forest my good manners may go hang. "My foot's on my native heath, and my name is M'Qregor.' " Somehow, in all her thoughts of home—after that burst of grief for her dead father—Roderick Vawdrey was the central figure. He filled the gap cruel death had made. Would Rorie soon come to her ? Would he be very glad to have her at home again ? What would he think of her ? Would he fancy her changed ? For the worse '( For the better ? " I wonder whether he would like good man ners or the original Vixen best ?" she specu lated. The morning wore on, and still Violet Tempest sat idly by the fire. She had made up her mind that Roderick would come to see her at once. She was sufficiently aware of her own importance to feel sure that the fact of her return had been duly chronicled in the local papers. He would come to-day before luncheon, perhaps, and they three, mamma, Rorie, and herself, would sit at the round table in the library—the snug warm room where they had so often sat with papa. This thought brought back the bitterness of her loss. " I can bear it better if Rorie is with us," she thought, " and he is almost sure to come. He would not be so unkind as to delay bidding wel come to such poor lonely creatures as mamma and I." She looked at her little watch, a miniature hunter in a case of black enamel, with a mono gram in diamonds, one of her father's last gifts. It was 1 o'clock already, and luncheon would be at half-past " Only half-an-hour for Rorie," she thought. The minute-hand crept slowly to the half-hour, the luncheon gong sounded below, and there had been no announcement of Mr. Vawdrey. He may be downstairs with mamma all this time," thought Vixen. " Forbes would not tell me, unless he were Bent" She went downstairs, and met Forbes in the hall. " Oh, if you please, ma'am, Mrs. Tempest does not feel equal to coming down to luncheon. She will take v wing of chicken iv her own room." "And I don't feel equal to sitting in the library alone, Forbeß," seid Violet ; "so you may tell Phosbe to bring me a cup of tea and a biscuit. Has nobody called this morning?" 11 No, ma'am." Vixen went back to her loom, out of snirita and out of temper. It was uiikUtd. of Rurie, culd, neglectful, heartless. "If he had come home after an absence of two years—absence under Buch sad circumstances —how anxiouß I should be to see him," she thought. " But I daresay it is a hunting-day, and he is tearing across the gone on some big raw-boned horse, and not giving me a thought. Or perhaps he is dancing attendance upon Lady MabeL But, no, I don't think he cares much for that kind of thing." She moved about the room a little, rearranging things that were already arranged exactly as she had left them two years ago. She opened a book and flung it aside, tried the piano, which sounded muffled and woolly. "My poor Broadwood is no better for being out at grass," she said. She went to one of the windows and stood there looking out, expecting every instant to see a dogcart with a rakish horse, a wasp-like body, and high red weels, spin round the curve of the shrubbery. She stood thus for a long time, as she had done on that wet October afternoon of Rorie's home-coming, but no rakish horse came swinging round the curve of the carriage-drive. The flying snow drifted past the window, the winter sky looked blue and clear between the brief showers, the tall feathery fir-trees and straight slim cypresses stood up against the after noon light, and Vixen gaied at them with angry eyes, full of resentment against Roderick Vaw drey. " The ground is too hard for the scent to lie well, that's one comfort," she reflected savagely. And then she thought of the dear old kennels given over to a new master ; the hounds whose names and idiosyncrasies she bad known as well as if they had been human acquaintance. She had lost all interest is them now. Ponto and Oellert, Lightfoot, Juno, Ringlet, Lord Dundreary—they had forgotten her no doubt. Here was one at last, but not the one for whom she was watching. A figure clothed in a long loose black coat and slouched felt hat, and carrying a weedy umbrella, trudged sturdily round the curve, and came briskly towards the porch. It was Mr. Scobel, the incumbent of the pretty little gothic church in the village—a church like »toy. He was a good man and a benevolent, this Mr. Scobel; a hard- worker, and a blessing in the neighborhood. But just at this time Violet Tempest did not feel grateful to him for coming. " What does he want t" she thought Blankets and coals and things, I suppose." She turned sullenly from the window, and went back to her seat beside the fire, and threw on a log, and gave herself up to disappointment The blue winter sky had changed to gray ; the light was fading behind the feathery fir-top*. " Perhaps he will come to afternoon tea," she thought; and then, with a discontented shrug of her shoulders : " No, he is not coming at aIL If he cared about us he would have been the first to bid us welcome ; knowing, as he must, how miserable it was for me to come home at all —without papa!" She sat looking at the fire. " How idle I am !" she mused; w and poor Crokey did so implore me to go on with my education, and read some useful books to enlarge my mind. I don't think my poor little mind would bear any more stretching, or that I should be much happier if I knew all about Central Africa, and the nearest way from dindosUn to China, or old red sandstone, and tertiary, and the rest of them. What does it matter to me what the earth is made of, if I can be but happy upon it ? No, I shall never try to be learned. I shall read Byron, and Tennyson, and Words worth, and Keats, and Bulwer, and Dickens, and Thackeray, and remain an ignoramus all the days of my life. I think that would be quite enough for Rorie, if he and I were ever to be much together ; for I don't believe he ever opens a book at ail. And what would be the use of my talking to him about old red sandstone or the centre of Africa ?" Phoebe, Miss Tempest's fresh-faced Hampshire maid, appeared at this moment. " Oh, if you please, miss, your ma says would you go to the drawing-room ? Mr. Scobel is with her, and would like to see you." Violet rose with a sigh. " Ib my hair awfully untidy, Phoebe V "I think I had better arrange the plaits, miss." "That means that I'm an object. It's 4 o'clock, I may as well change my dress for dinner. I suppose I must go down to dinner." " Lor, yes, miss; it will nevor do to shut yourself up in your own room and fret. You're as pale as them there Christmas roses already." Ten minutes later Vixen went down to the drawing-room, looking very stately in her black Irish poplin, whose heavy folds became the tall full figure, and whose dense blackness set off the ivory skin and warm auburn hair. She had given just one passing glance at herself in the cheval-glass, and Vanity had whispered : " Perhaps Rorie would have thought me im proved ; but he has not taken the trouble to come and see. I might be honey-combed by the small-pox, or bald from the effect of typhus, for aught he cares." (to be continued.) Looking at the enormous mass of matter ex pressed in many varieties of style, and by means of caligraphy ranging from the legible to the all but illegible, which goes to make up the twenty-one competing " Essayß on Queens land " for the National Association literary cordon d'honneur, we don't bo much wonder at the judges finding their voluntary task a lengthy if not a tedious one. The award is just now made, the three judges—namely, his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, the honorable A. H. Palmer, and the honorable C. S. Mem, unanimously giving the prize to the essay bearing the motto " Fail letse vaut vi c," the author of which, as dis closed on breaking the envelope seals, is Mr. Carl A. Feilberg, whom we heartily congratulate thereupon. The judges accord "Honorable mention " in the following order to three compe titors —uatnely, Moasrs. Peter Joseph M'Dermott, Anguß Mackay, M.L.A., and C. J. Graham. We are glad to learn that the premier essay may not improbably be availed of in connection with the forthcoming Sydney International Exhibi tion to impart information to the throng of vieitoru who may be oxpucted to ausomble next September in " the Queen City of the South," 