THE WHISPERED STORY. Thet told me that the house waa haunted Nothing had been seen in the shape of an apparition by those who resided thore ; there was no terrific disturbance, no bright, mysteiiouB light, bub thore was a general belief that the house was haunted. The ghost was a well-behaved ghost, and modest. On inquiring of one who had slept there, I learned that ho had heard nothing except n confuBod murmur, a sound of low, indistinct speeoh, as of some ono trying to speak while Buffering uuder aphony. It was a laborious whisper, of which a word now aiid thon waB audible. I asked him what words, and he told me that, two he remembered—' falls' and ' boat,' but no others. Tho only thing remarkable about that was that othors who had slept thore had board the same words. That gave me, I was auro, a koy to the matter, and I smiled. I concluded the purchase of tho houso that very day. It was cheap enough. Nobody would live in it, and it was rotting through disuse. The owner, who needed ready cash, was glad to get rid of his profitless property. The house itself was a comfortable mansion, that cost lO.OOOdol to build, and the ground rather moro than three acres, and had been hand somely laid out in trees and shrubbery, though now overgrown with brambles. The architect assured me that 1800dol. would put tho house and grounds In order and add modern conveniences. So I bought it for SOOOdol. down, and had the necessary repairs made, their cost overrunning tho estimate nearly 200 lol. So that' for 4000dol. I obtained a handsome and convenient dwell ing on the banks of a noblo river, with the tiny demesne Bloping to the south-scat, having picturesque views on either hand, and in a good neighbourhood. Tho night before my family were to remove to it I took up my lodging in the house alone, having had a pallet laid down in the library. I suppose the stories I had heard, though I had laughed at them, mado their impression on my mind. Such things always do, In Bpite of reason. A vogue feeling of uneasi ness Gils us in the presence of mystery even though our curiosity or our pride gots tho better of our terror, and we probe the thing to the bottom, or try to. That may account for my restlessness, for I was restless aud wakeful. I had been busy all day in ar ranging furniture, and in directiug the men at work on the grounds, in the latter case handling the spado aud mattock myself quite often, and was thoroughly tired. Yeb I could not sleep. It was ten o'clock when I turned down the light so that it only gave a faint glimmer, and lay down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelvo, and I still tossed on my couch with open eyos. When the eoho of the last stroke of the bell of tho church iu the neighbouring town of B ? died away, I felt there was Eomething or someone in the room. I sprang up, turned tho light on full, and grasped tbe loaded revolver which lay on tho library-table. There was no one there certainly that I could see, and the door was locked, and I laughed at my alarm. The next moment, as I threw myself in the great arm-chair, I felt there was someone close to me. Just then there was a low and laboured whisper at my right ear. The words were distinct, though faintly uttered : 'Let me tell you my story.' I sprang up and looked around. Nothing there. It appeared to bo imagination, and yet I felb terror. Was I a.- ake ? I was, undoubtedly. The whisper came again : ' You must listen.' I felt that to be true. Tho thin, icy, forced whisper held mo by a spell. I could not have moved had flames burst out around me. Body and mind seemed stricken with paloy. I could hear, but nothing more. Then the whisper returned, and I can remember all that followed, word for word, and can write it out, again and again, without varying a word or letter. ' It waB three miles above the cataract. As I stood upon the river bank I could Bee, even at that point, with what swiftness the Niagara was hurrying toward the fatal plunge. There was a skiff tied to a root on the bank, and as it afforded me a seat 1 stepped in and sat down in the Btern-sheets. There I played with my hands in the Btream and listened to the distant, incessant roar of the boiling waters. Ab I eat there I thought of my young wife hundreds of miie3 away, whom I had left a few days beforo to attend to some business in Canada, and whom I was to rejoin the next day, having taken this point on my way homeward. I Bat there with my eyes half closed, and then, throwing myself backward, was lulled to nleep by the monotonous noise. How long I slept I do not know, but a piercing ehriek, rising above the dull roar of the falls, awaBened mo. I looked around. The boat had broken I0030 and I was far out in the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls. I sprang up to seize the oars and pull to shore. There were no oars in tho boat. ' I glanced toward tho shore. It seemed the bank was lined with mon, womon and children, who may have called to me, but I could hear nothing. My first impulse was to leap overboard, but then I could not swim. 'A man on tho bank threw a lasso. I waited tho coming of the loop, and reached my hand toward it, bub ib fell short. It was drawn in, and the man, running swiftly to a point furbhor down, tried again. He apparently cast ib with greater foroe, but ib fell further off than before. I was being drawn nearer to tho contra of the horse-shoe. ' And now there came the lethargy of, despair. I sat there without hope and without fear. My doom was inevitable. The motion of the boat grew faster and faster, tho distant banks whirled past me, and then my spirit roso in a kind of ecstasy. I gave a sharp glanco around me and laughed. As the boat struck the edge of the abyss and rose, for the final plunge, I caught sight of a dense mist ; I heard above the | roar the rush of a thousand wings ; I felb as though struok with a numbing blow, and breath and consciousness left mo together. 11 It seemed to be a dream, for when I recovered I was here in my own house. Yondor Bat my wife, clad in black, her head buried in her hands. Yea I it seemed to be a droam, for though I tried to speak to her my lips made no sounds, and I heard nothing. I touched hor, , bub Bhe did nob heed it. I looked around the room bewildered. 'It was this library. There on a long table, which did not belong here, lay some thing like a human form, covored by a sheet. What wa3 lb doing here 1 WhoBe body lay there? Anew and more unspeakable terror seized me. I would like to have cried oat. I could not. . I was dumb. 'My . wifJ1 arose and went' to the table. ' Now,' I Bald to myself, 'I shall know all.' She raised the cover from her bead, and, stooping down, kissed the face of the corpse. Could it be that my father-in-law, Colonel Bairnsleigh, had died while I was away ? I did not walk, but I was moved by soma unseen power until I stood by my wife and over the dead body and looked down. I knew it all then. I recognised the cold, lifoless face. It was my oivn.' Then the whispor ceased, and I fell in a doep sleep in the chair. It was daylight when I invoke. I looked around. Had I dreamed it all ? On tho table was the fragment of a newspaper. Pioking it up, my glanco caught tho name of a former owner of the house, and I read as follows : ' Melancholy Casualty ? A terrible event occurred on Friday last. Robert Grant, of this villago, on his return to Toronto, whero he had been on bueinpBB, stopped at Niagara. He took a walk above the falls after breakfast. Ho must havo got in a boat and lost or broken the oars — though it is said no oara were in the boat. He was eoen afloat by a large crowd of people just above the fall. Every attempt was mado to resouo him, but unsuccessfully, and he was carried to his death. His body was recovered on' Sunday, and is now on its way here. He leaves a widow.' I had certainly never Been that paragraph before. I am quite sure of that. From that time out there havo been no noises in the house, excopt suoh as could be 1 easily explained, and the whispered voioe never came again. Yet, If It were no dream, or no Imaginary whispor, why should tha ghosb havo told his story to mo, and why Bhould he tell it at all. 