NEWS OF THE DAY The hen. Graham Berry had no far re covered bb to he able to attend at his office this morning. Mr Berry has been suffering from a severe attack of indigestion, which has left him very weak, but he states that unless he has a sudden and severe relapse, he will be able to be in his place this afternoon. It is rumored in Collins street that tho Government intend to appoint official inspec tors to the hanks to prote.ct the investing public and save them from such institutions as the Provincial and Suburban Bank, Their duty will be to see that the securities repre sent wbnt they are valued at, and in every way to see that the balance-sheets are cor rect. After the usnsl formal motions on the notice-paper are disposed of, the House this afternoon will probably at once proceed to consider the E«t-'mates, and subsequently Ways and Means, when a statement to the House on the subject of the proposed stamp duties will be made. Mr Woods will also probably introduce a bill providing for the construction of a short line of railway to connect the Gippsland and late Hobson's Bay Company's lintB with the othor lines. Cr. Mearss, the. newly-elected Mayor of Melboumo for the municipal year of 1879-80 was sworn in to-day as a justice of the peace, before his Honor Mr Justice Moleswortb, in the Court of Equity. The Mayor-elect wae accompanied by Mr E, G. Fitzgibbon, Town Clerk,. Alderman O'Grady, and Cr. Gorton. The Provincial and Suburban Bank case was rather enlivened to-day by Mr Adcook, who brought a littlo new blood into the -evidenoe. This gentleman waB lately an extensive store keeper at Port Darwin, and tho bent of hie evidence was that he had been inveigled into buying a couple of hundred shares. Ho oIbo brought out somo fresh points which told againBt the defendants. The discovery of the sex of tho woman Ellen jTremsye, who for so many years passed as a man under, the name of Edward ;,i j . i Do Lnay Evans, hoe brought out several ether cases of .'a similar character. Our correspondent at Rockhampton tele graphs particulars of tho discovery of another . woman, uaraod Johanna Iteifling, who for some years bad passed as a man. His Honor Mr Justice Stephen to-day accepted a petition for a judicial separation iu a suit of Blencowe v. Blencowe. Tho petitioner iB Mary Blencowe, and the respondent her husband, John Thomas Blencowe, a tailor. Both reside in Melbourne. The parties were married in St, Jude's Church, Carlton, in 1870\. A judicial separation is sought ou tho ground of cruelty. Our attention has been called to the destruction of small fish in the Bay by the hundreds of shags that are at present to bo seen eagerly devour ing, them. An eye-witness describes tho scene as follows: — "The shags make a complete circlo and drive tho fish into it; they then prounce down upon them, and thus many thousand of valuable fish are destroyed." He suggests that tho Inspector of Fisheries should employ some ono to go out in small boats, and by a fow shots fired the shags may soon disperse, and be compelled to seek pastures new. This is a matter worth atten tion. Although tho coiners havo been arrested a number of the bad half-crowns are still in cir culation, two having been taken by an hotel- keepor in Bourke street last night. Tho only way to distinguish them is by the greasy feel ana the unfinished character of tho milling. Late last night a man named Hastings Stephens was admitted to the Alfred Hospital suffering from a compound fracture of tho right thigh. Ha sustained the injury whilst wrestling with another man in a hotel in InkormBn street. Stephens is 43 years of age and resides at Caulfield. Somo very tall swearing was indulged In at the District Court this morning, when a man named Thomas Oldham was summoned by Henry Ferguson for money lent, to the amount of £3. The plaintiff's case was that on the 14th of May the defendant's wife caino to him and said that she wanted to buy some fnrniturc, and for that purpose wished a loan of £3 ; that lie refused to give it her without she brought her husband ; that she did bring him, and that the plaintiff then drew a cheque on his bank for £3, and went with her to cash it; and that further, he went to Johnson's auction-room in Bourke street, and there purchased certain articles of furniture for her.. Everyone of these statements was deniod in the witness- box by both the defendant and his wife, and the bench brought in a verdict for them with 26 shillings casts. Win. Bloss, the driver of tho mail coach from Merriang to Melbourne, was summoned to the Collingwood Police Court this morning by o Chinaman named Lee Sing for an unlaw ful nssBult, committed on Thursday, the 9ch instant. Mr Francis Stephen, solicitor, was called on behalf of tho prosecutor, and swore that on Thursday morning, the 9th in»t., he was driving from Melbourne to Epping tc attend the police court, and whon on the Heidelberg Road, close to the Collingwood Gos Works, fae.saw a waggonotto coming in an opposite direction. There were three young persons sitting in the front, and one was blowing- a horn. The defendant was the driver, and was drivtng very fast, The complainant was crossing the road, and had to run to get out of the way. As he cleared the ve hicle, the complainant struck hiin with his. whip across his neck, aud passed on, he and the two boys laughing. The complainant picked up a stone, aud threw it at the waggonette. The bench fined the de fendant 20s and 15s costs, 10s for tho inter preter, and 5s for tho summons. The inter preter, Mr Hodges, stated that the Chinaman had paid him his usual fee as an interpreter- one guinea — and would be n lossr of ten shil lings through prosecuting the case. The Oeelong Advertiser relates that an amus ing incident at Queenscliff on Saturday, on tbc occasion of the visit of the Ministers of the Crown to that place re the fishermen's site, caused much laughter. Mr Berry was sympathising with the poor fishermen, when Mr Stoneman, the mayor of the borough, corrected the Chief Secretary, and asserted that some of the men wore worth fully L2000. Mr Longmore wanted to see ons of the wealthy fisherman, and Mr Stonemaa, clapping his hand on the shoulders of one brawny son of Neptune, exclaimed, " Well, here's one worth L3000 if he's worth a penny." One of th« bystanders facetiously observed that the wealthy fisherman had his money 1- cki-d up in the Provincial and Surburban BulI;. A correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes: — "It does not follow as a consequence that 'he who diivea fat oxen should himself be lit,' but soi ely s- me brilliancy of conception aud avoid ance at 'damnable iteration' ought to bo ex pected in manifestoes is-iuod from the Education department, bearing tlio respectable authograph of 'G Wilson Brown, Secretary.' The gentle man referred to, in his reply to Dr.Moorhouse by direction of Major Smith, says :— ' I am directed by the hon. the Miuister of Public Instruction to inform you that be has given his most careful consideration to your representations, and that an earlier reply thereto would have beea furnished, but that he was aware that the conference of boards of advice that recently assembled ia Mel bourne had had this question under discussion, and that he was desirous of being made ac quainted with the resolutions passed by them before intimating his views on your proposals'. One might well aBk, ' Is dat so V " The Sgdneg Echo writes :— French, Aus trian! and English petty officers dined to gether last evening on board tho llhin ! Per haps the grandfathers of these fine fellows met each other sword tosword at Austerlitz, Jena, or Waterloo, and, if the spiritualistic theory be well founded, the ghosts of the old boys might have looked down with a grim smile last night upon their descendants wielding in a furious rivalry tho homely knife aud fork. We bet on tho Britons as trenohermen. The Ballarat Star states that a Smythesdale amateur fisherman, whose weakness is Murray eod, wended his way to Lake Burrumbeet oa Saturday, aud having duly baited his line, succeeded beyond his expectation ia hooking not the doBired fish, but a monster pelican that swallowed the bait and gave him an end less sport in drawing it ashore, when it m ads a brave fight for liberty. It measured 10 feet from the tip of each wing, and the bill witli the poucb measured 20 inches in length. As a matter of course it wes full of fish of various descriptions, and has been stuffek and preserved by a local taxidermist. Mr Cooper recently in the Assembly com plained of intoxicated persons being allowed to travel on the railways. What could be dono is such a casa as the following, related by the Oeelong Advertiser : — Therewere two drunken i women in the lock-up last night. One of them gave her nnmeos Bridget Brennan, a resident of Bsllarat. This woman was a passenger by the mid-day train from Melbourne yesterday. She entered-the carriage apparently sober, but as soon as the train paBsea the Williams- town Junction She, according to the state ments of fellow passengers, produced a black bottle containing sherry wine, Pond drank the contents. On arriving at Goelong she was found lying helplessly drunk on the floor of the carriage, and, of course, had to be carried out and taken to the lockup. The programme at the Opera House remains unchanged, and its popularity, judging from last night's attendance, seems not likely to abate. At the People's Theatro.Tennyson's idyll Dora, was again produced last night, and has thoroughly taken the fanoy of the audience. The Minstrels at St. George's Hall of courso ro'ain their popularity, and would probably not lose it if they remained much longer. A decided nevclty ia shown at the Wax works in the shape of an electric boy, who, like the far-famed gymnotus, gives a shook whenever touched. The shocks are not vio lent and the sensation is far from unpleasant. The electric boy will doubtless be an addi tion to the attractions of this popular place of resort. 