THE LOVELS OP ARDEN. t CHAPTER XXXnL—(Coniinwd.) ONLY A rORTRMMAINTER. B? IHH AOTHOB OF «UI>* ^ J ^ * B K J E E T " " AUEOBA FLOTD, SO. Austin Lovel came in presently, looking his handsomest, in his careful evening-dress, with a brilliant light in his eyes, and that appearance of false brightness which is apt to du tinguUh the man who is burning the candle at both ends. Only by just the slightest elevation of'his eyebrows did ho betray his surprise as he looked at his sister; and his air, ou being presented to her a few moments aoterwards, was perfect in its serene unconsciousness. Mr. Granger talked to him of his picture pleasantly enough, but'very much as he would have talked to his architect, or to one of his clerks in the great Bradford establishment There was a hiarked difference between the tone of the rich English trader and the Get* mon ambassador, when he expressed himself ou the subject of Mr. Austin's talent; but then gie Englishman intended to give the painter a commission, and the German did not " I should like you to joint ^ny wife-r-and —and—my daughter," said Mr. Granger, throwing in Sophia as aa after-thought. It would be only civil to liave his daughter's portrait painted, he thought. • Mr. Austin bowed. " I eiall be most happ^" he said. t Clarissa's eyes sparkled vith delight Sophia Granger saw tho plea|pd look, and thought, " O, the vanity of these children of perdition 1" But she did not offer any objection to the painting of her own likeness. " When shaU We begin V' askol Mr. Gran der. * My time is entirely at jour disppsaL" " In tblt case, the soonei the thing is done t\ie better. My wife cansot come to your studio—she has so many claims upon her time—but that would make no difficulty, I suppose t" "Not at all lean paint Mrs. Granger in her own rooms as well as in mine, if the light will serve." " One of our drawing- rooms faces the north," answered Mr. Granger, " and the window^re laage—larger than I like. Any loss of time which you may suffer in accomodating Mis. Granger must, of course, he considered in the price of your pictures." <<I have only one price formy pictures,'' replied Mr. Austin, with a loftiness that astonished lm patron. "J charge fiftyguineas for a portrait of that kind-^vhether it is painted for a duke or a grocy in the Uua St. Hjonore." " I will give yau a huftred guineas for each of the pictures, if they are successes," aaid Mr. Granger. "If they are failures, I will give you your own price, and make you a present of the cspvasses." u I am not a stoic, and have nb objection to accept a premium of a hundred guineas from so distinguished a capitalist as Mr. Granger," returned Austin Lovel, smi^pg. " I don't think Mrs. Granger's portrait wijl be a failure," he added confidently, with a lime look at Clarissa. Sophia Granger saw the look, andgesented it* The painter had said nothing oHier por trait It wa^of Clarissa's only that he ^bought. It was a very small thing; tilit when heufatho& wife was concerned, small things were great in the qfes of Miss Granger. There was no oppoitiugty for confidential talk between Justin LovJnJnd hfs sister that cueniugf but Clarissa Wtent home happy in the expectation of seeing hef brother very often in the simplest, easiest way. The portraits would take some time to paint, of comae; Adeed Austin, might make tho buslnossfctt almost as long as he liked. ^ It was rather hard, however, to have to dia cuss her brother's merit* with Mr. aud Miss Qinnger as if lA^d been a atj^nger^ ^ i that night, and at breakfast next morning tho youug mah was handsome, Mr. granger remarked, but had rathefe worn look—* disaipated l#k,in point of faot *That sort of tie generally were dissipated [ft Ganger ventured to say that she did not thlniutfr. %ustin looked dissipated—a little worn, jurhapa^but nothing mgre; and that might be gutoffect of hard work. " My dear J01aiy,jrhat can you know of the physiology of dissipation? I tell you that young man is dissipi^od. I saw him playjpg E, ccartv yith a Frenchman just before we Madame Caballero's; and, unless I %m profoundly mistaken, the man iB a gambler.* Clarissa shuddered. She oould uotfoiget what Geonge Fairfax had said toher about hetf brother's wayi, nor the fact that her remittance had seemed ofBO little uso to him. He seemed in good repute too, and talked of {Ifty guineas forapicturewiththoutmostcoolneas, Ho must have eanftd a good doalot money, and the .money must have gone'flomewhere. J[n all the details of his homo thoro was evfoerifcrof ik tavagauoe in the put and poverty in the present. He came at eleven o'clock on the second morning after Madame Caballero's reception; came in a hired carriage, with his easel and all the paraphernalia of his art, Mr. Granger made a point of beiug present at this fieri sitting, much to the discomBture of Clarissa, who was yearning for a long uninterrupted talk with wr brother. Even when Mr. Granger was absent, there wouldbe Miss Granger, most likely, she thought, with vexation; and, after all, these meetings with Austin would be only half meetings. It would be pleasant only to oee him, to hear his voice J but she was longing to talk freely of the past, to give him counsel for the future. The drawing-room looking ucrih was rather a dreary apartment, if any apartment furnished with blue damask and unlimited gilding can be called dreary. There was splendour of course, but it was a chilling kind of splendour. The roomwas large and square, with two tall wido windows commanding a view of one of the dullest streets in new Paris. Mr. Granger* apartments were ill a cornor house, and he had the advantage of this side view. There was very little of what Mr. Wemmick called " portable property" in this northern drawiug-room. There were blue-satin divann running along the walls, a couple of blue*atin easy-chairs, an ormolu stand with a monster Sevres dish for cards, and that was all—a room in which one might, " receive,"but could scarcely live. The light was capital, Mr. Austin said. He set up his easel, settled the position of his sister, after a little discussion with Mr. Granger, and began work. Clarissa's was to be the first portrait. This bang arranged, Mr. Granger departed to write letters, leaving Sophia established, with her Berlin-wool work, at one of \- the windows. Clarissa would not, of course, like to be tete-a-tftc for two or three hours with a strange painter, Miss Granger opined. Yes, it was Itry pleasant to have him there, even though their talk was restrained by the presence of a third person, and they could only speak of indifferent things. Perhaps to Austin Lovel himself it was pleasanter to nave Miss Granger there than to be quite alone with his sister. Ha was very fond of Clarissa, but there was much in his past life —some things in his present life even—that would not bear talking of, and he shrank a little from his sister"* tendac questioning. Protected by Miss Granger and her Berlin- wool spaniels, he was quite at his ease, and ran gaily on about all manner of things as he sketched his outline and set his palette. He gave the two ladies a lively picture of existing French art, with little satirical touches here and there. Even Sophia was amused, and flushed to find herself comparing the social graces of lb. Austin the painter with those of Mr. Tillott the curate, verv much to the advantage of the former—blushed to find hers joommon pWn- salling debt, whioh. would load pelf so much interested in any conversation that was not strictly utilitarian or evangelical in its drift Once or tWloe Austin spoke of his travels, his Australian experiences; aud at each mention, Clarissa looked up eagerly, anxious to hear more. The history of her brother's past was a blank to her, and she was keenly interested by4he slightest allusion that oast a ray of light up<)n it Mr. Austin did not care, however, to dwell much upon his own affairs. It was ichiefly of other people that be talked. Throughout that first sitting Miss Granger maintained a dignified formality, tempered by maidetiQy graciousness. Hie young man was amusitig, certainly, and it was notfwten Miss Grange* permitted herself to be amused. She thovghl Clarissa was too fomili#wi& him, treated him too much with on air bf perfect equality. A man who painted portraits for hup should be received, Hiss Granger thought, as one would receive a saponor kind of bootmaker. More than onoe^n (act, in the course of that agreeable morning, Clarissa had for a moment foigotten that she was talking to Mr. Austin the nainter, and not to her brother Austin Lover C More than once an unconscious warmth or softness in her tone had jn|0e Miss Granger look up from her em* uroidory-frtlluo with tho eyes of wonder. Mr. Granger eamo .back to the drawingroom, having finished his letter-writing just as tho fitting concluded, and, luncheon being announoed at the samo time, asked Mr. Austin to stay for that meal Austin had no objection to linger in his sister's aooiety. Ho wautod to know whaTEnJ of man this Daniel Granger was; and perhara wanted to see w)M probability there %ras of Dlmiel Granger's wife toeing able to supbly him with money in tho fixture. Austin Xovol had, from Ida earliest boyhood, poneMod a fatal capacity for getting jria of mopoy, end for getting into doW; not mifroiSt to tho Bankraptby dourt, bfit ibilijy ofa more disreputable and perilous iharaoter, involving tho tnror of disgraoe, and ntuiglemaiits that Would haVo to be tihvelM by a polioo-magistcate. Bacing dobte, dflbta, and bUl-diaoount% t&w-; actions, had been jtbe agreeable variety of difficulties which had bes^t Austin Lovel's mili-* t«y career ; and at the end there had been something—something fully known to . ft few only—which had made the immediate -sale of his commission a necessity. He was' allowed tp sell |Mid that was much, has friendssaid. If his commanding officer had not been an easy-going kind of man, he would scarcely have got ;off so cheaply. " I wonder how this fellow Granger would treat mfy if he knew who I was V he thought to himself. " He'd inaugurate our acquaintance tyr kicking me out of his house most likely, instead of asking me to luncheon." Notwithstanding which opinion Mr. Austin sat down to share the sacred bread and salt with his brother-in-law, and ate a cutlet « la Maintenon, and drank half a bottle of claret, with a perfect enjoyment of the situation. He liked the idea of being patronised by the man who would not have tolerated his society tor a moment, had ho been aware of his identity. * Qo talked of Parisian life during luncheon, keeping carefully clear of all subjects which the " young person," as represented by Miss Granger, might blush to hear; and Mr. Granger, who had only an Englishman's knowledge of the city, was amused by the pleasant gossip The mwl lasted longer than usual, and lost all its wonted formality; and the fair Sopbia found herself more and more interested in this fascinating painter, with his brilliant darl^ eyes, and sarcastic mouth, and generally agreeable manner. She sat next him at lunchetin, and, when there came a little pause in the conversation, began to question him about the state of the Parisian poor. It was very bad, was itnott Mr. Austin shrugged his shoulders. " I don't know," he said, but I don't think it would be possible for a man to starve to death in Puis under the Imperial regime; and it seems very easy for an Englishman to do it in Spitalfields or Mile-end New Town. You don't hear of men and women found dead in their garrets from sheer hunger. But of course there is a good deal of poverty and squalor to be found in the city." And then Mr. Austin launched into graphic description of some interesting phases of life among the lower classes, borrowed from a novel that had been recently delighting the reading public of France, but appropriated with such an air of reality, that Miss Granger fancied this delightful painter must spend some considerable part of his •fijristflpoa as a district visitor or city missionary. " What a pity that Mr. Tillott has not His persuasive powers!" she thought; Mr. TillottV eloquence being in fact, of a vety limited order, chiefly exhibiting itself in little jerky questions about the spiritual and temporal which,in the vernacu^tt^lai^u^eof agrioul-, tural ^abourers, " put a chap's back up, somehow." " I should Uke to show Mr. Austin the baby, Daniel," Clarissa said to her husband shyly, while Miss Granger was keeping Austin hard and fast to the amelioration of the forking classes; f'be would make such a lovely picture." Mr. Granger smiled, a quiet well-satisfied smile. He, the strong man, the millowner and millionaine, was as weak as the weakest woman in all things concerning the child of his mature age. + ^ " Yes," he said, with some affectation of iff difference; " Lovel would make a nice picture enough. We'll have him punted if you like, Clary, some day. Send fw him, my dear-" She had her hand upon the bell directly. "Yes," she cried, "he would make the sweetest picture in the world, and Austin shall paint him," * * The familiar mention of the name Ai^tin, tout court, scared Mr. Grander, almost as much as a cannon fired close at-his olbow mijbt have done. He stared at jus wife with grove displeasure. " Mr. Austin can paint him some day, if you wish it, ClarUs^ he said.. Mrs. Granger blushed crimson; spin she remembered that this bftthar she loved so dearly wasonly aatrange painter of portraits, whom it behoved her to treat wiUi only "ho most formal oourtesy. She hated fhe deception ; and ,having m stiyng Caitli in her husband f s gwaerosity, Was fcorelytempts^. to*put an end to this acted lie on the spot, and to tell him who hip gueqt $as; but fear of her brother's aBger atopped her. She mad no light to betray hitn; she must wait his [>ernussiou to tell the secret "Even Sophia «eems to tike him," she thought; "and I dotft ^hink -Dflniel could help bQing pleasedrwit^ him in spite of anything papa may ^udlbe;" The baby waf^^^M^l^ing ' In a bonignan^humprj , was gi^ipusly ^ploased to loottliiiihtightogt and prettiast/iand in ouwa's phraseology^ M take to " his tinkti Wn uhcle, The unknown uncle kissed him affectionately, and said some civil things about the color of Jus eyes, and the plumpness of his limbsquite a ltubens baby," and so on, but did not consider a boy-baby an especially wonderlul creature, having had two boy-babies of his own, and not having particularly wanted them, lie looked upon them father as chronic perplexities, like accommodation bills that had matured, unawares. " And this is the heir of Aideri," he said to himself, as ho looked down at the fat blueeyed little thing struggling in Clarissa's arms, with that desperate desire to get nowhere in particular, common to infancy. "So this littleilump of humanity is the future lord of the home that should have been mine. I don t know that I envy him. Country life and Ardon would hardly have suited me. I think I'd rather have an entresol in the Champs Elysees, and the run of the boulevards, than the gray old Court and a respectable position. Unhss a man's tastes are «horsey' or agricultural, country life must bo a lore." Mr. Austin patted the plump young cheeks without any feeling of enmity. "Poor little beggar! What ghosts will haunt him in the old rooms by W-by, I wonder t" he said to himself, smiling down at the child. CHAPTER XXXIV. AUSTIN'K PROSPECTS The picture made rapid progress. For his very life—though the tinishing of his work had been the aigual of his doom, and the executioner waiting to make a sudden end of him when the last touch was laid upon the canvas, Austin Lovel could not have painted slowly. The dashing offhand brush was like a young thoroughbred, that could not 1M pulled, let the jockey saw at his mouth as he" might. Aud yet the painter would have liked much to prolong this easy intercourse with his sister. But after Clarissa's portrait was finished,there was Miss Granger to be painted; and then they would want a picture of that unapproachable baby, no doubt; and after that, perhaps, Mr. Granger might consent to have his massive features perpetuated. Austin £bnsidered that that the millionaire should be good for three hundred guineas or so; he had promised two hundred, and the punter was spending the money by anticipation as fast as he could. He pame every other morning to the Rue de Moray, and generally stayed to luncheon; and those mornings spent in his company were very pleasant to Glarissa—as pleasant as anything could be which involved deception; there was always the sting of the fact. Miss Granger was rarely absent for ten minutes together on those oocaaons; it was only some lucky chance which took her from the room to fetch some wool, jot a forgotten skein of flosssilk for the perennial spaniels, and afforded the brother and sister an opportunity for a few hurried words. The model villagers almost faded out of Miss Grangers mind in this agreeable society. She fonnd herself listening to talk about things which were of the earth, eiufchy, and wajflhin to confess herself interes ted in the conversation. She dressed as carefully to receive the painter «s if lie had been, to use her own particular phraseology," a person imber own sphere;" and Mr. Tillott would have thought his, cffimces of succes ft a very low point, if he could liave seen lies in Austin Lovel's presence.« * tan himself was not slow to perceive the impSbion he lia4 made. "Ifs rather a pity I'm married, isn't it Clary 1" he said to his sister one day, when Sophia, whose habits had not been quite so methodical of late, had gone in search of some white beads for the spaniels, aon^ of which were o£# beady nature. "It would have been a great chance for me, wouldn't it?" What do you moan; Austin V " Miss Granger," answered the painter, without looking, up from his work, "I think she rather likes me, do you know; and I suppose her father will give her fifty thousand or so when she roarjjps, in spite of voung Lovel He seems Jo have no end ofraonew It would have been an uiicommonlygood thing, wouldn't it!" VI don't think it's any use talking of it, Austin, however good it might have been; and I don't think Sophia would havo suited you as a wife." ," " Not suited mo—ibosli 1 Any woiuut with fifty uivjr vwvuaiuu thousand |ivuuiu pounds ni/wui would «•»» haw suij&d; utm me. TTnmrtWfli* HoweVer, you're VAtt'm right—them's flnrli^ f-linm 1 * vo no good 0 1n talking of that. I'm booked. Ptir little woman, she's a good wife to me; but^tf rather a pity. You don't know how manj^ chances t might have had but for that <rata|ulement.'' " I wish, Autfin, for your wifffsjKke, you'd let mo tcll my husband who yourare. This oonoealmentawmB so hard uponljer, as well fl^ .^ Jctnd pfjSvropg to Daniel. IIJO&XL; d l(tueto*erve her,'and I might 4b so much, if I o6uldown her ea ay sistcMU'iaw.'T don't thlnk'Dftniol could help likingjrou,tfiio know " Drop that, if you please, Clarissa," said Austin, with a darkening countenance. "I have told you that your husband and I can never be friends,and I mean it. I don't want w be degraded by any intercession of youra. Thai S a little much even for me. It suits W purpose well enough to aooopt Mr. Grangers commissions; and of course it's very agreed able to see you; but the matter must end there.' * Miss Granger returned at this moment; but had sho stayed away for an hour, Clarissa could scarcely have pressed the question " ther. In the old days when they had boy and girl together, Austin seven year senior, Clarissa had always been just aiittle afraid of her brother: and she was afifid of him now. $ J The very fact of his somewhat* dertndent position made her more fearfjd of ofending him. She was anxious about hif future anxious too about his present mod/of life; but she dared nbt question closely uian cither subject. Once, when she had ventAed to ask him about his plan of life, he answ£ed in his careless off-hand way,— • " My dearest Claiy, I have like Paris; ancP I am not pai cessful anywhere else. I nioati I cau hold out. I know a goou planB. I ilarly suc- „ heieaa Ay people, aud sometimes get a good strokrfof luck." " Bu t you are ruining your iislth, Austin, I fear, with—late hour.-, aud-ind—parties." " Who told you I keep hi hours! The Parisians, as a rule, don't go ji bed at curfew. I don't suppose I'm worse thin tny neighbors. If I didn't go out, Clary, nil keep myself in the minds of my patrons, I fright rot in a garret. You don't kuow how/toon a man is forgotten—even a man who Jias made his mark more positively than I liivo; and then you see, my dear, I like society, and have no taste for the domestic hearth/except for variety, onco in a way, like dinii& on a bouillon after a week's fcighfeeding. Yes, come what may, I shall stay in Paris—a* long as I can." There was something in the tone of the last words that alarmed Clarissa. " You—you—are net in debt, are you, Austin t" she asl^ed timidly. " No—n^—I'm not in debt; but I owe a good deal onnoney." Clarissa looked puzzled. " That is to say, I have no vulgar debts— butcher and baker, and so on; but there are two or three things, involving some hundreds, which I shall have to settle some of these days or else "Orelse what, Austin t" " Cut Paris, Clary, that's all" Clarissa turned pale. Austin bqgan to whistle a popular cafe-ehantant air, Is he ben over bis palette, squeezing little dabs of Naples yellow out of a leaden tube. . Soqie hundreds —-tHat was a vague phrase, which might mean a great deal of money; it was a phrafe which alarmed Clarissa; but she was much mora alarmed by the recklessness of her brother's tone. "But if you owe money, you must pay it, Austin," die said; "you can't leave a place -owing money." The painter shrugged his shoulders. " It's tm an agreeable thineto do," ho said, " but it b4 been done. Of the two, it's plea* santer than staying in a place whefe you owe money" 4 " Of course I shall do all I can to help you, dear," said his sister. " There will bo a hundni and twenty-five pounds due to me. at Christmas, and I'll give you the hundred." " You're a first-rategirl, Clary, but I think that fellowGranger might give you] more pinmoney. Five hundred a year is a beggarly pittance for a man of his means." . "It is more than I fancied I could ever fttf; and Daniel allows papa fivehundred a yoar, you know Austin." " Hump I that makes a thousand—no great things for a millionaire. A pretty girl, married to a man of that stamp, ought to have unlimited* command of money," replied her brother. 'It's the only compensation," he said to himself afterwards. " I don't like to hear you say those things, Austin. My husband is vety kind to me. I'm afraid I'm not half as grateful i as i I ought to be." 'Gratitud bo !" He did not finish the qjaculati<3 ".Gratitude from a Lovel of twenty to a Granger of fifty 1 My dear Clary, that's too good a joke) The man is well enough—bettor than I oxpeotod to find him; but suoh h girl as you is a price for which such a man cftild not pay too highly/' It was rarely they had the opportunity for so long a conversation as this; and Austin was by no means sorry that it was so. Ha bad veiy%res8ing need of all the money his sister could give him; but ho did not care to enter into explanations about the state of his aflairs. oSO CHAPTER XXXV. 8I8MBS-IK-LAW. Clarissa did not forget tho efctotfthce cf tho poor Jittle wife in the Rue du Chevalier Bayard ; and on tho very first afternonn which she had to herself, Mr. Granger having gone to see some groat cattle-fair a few milos from Paris, and Miss Granger being afflicted with a headache, she took couragc to order her coachman to drive straight to tho house where her brother lived. " It is much better than making a mystery of it," she thought "The man will think that I have come to see a milliner or some one of that kind." The footman would fain havo escorted Mrs. Grander the way sho should go, and held himself tn readines to accompany her into tho house; but she wavod him asido on the threshold of tho darksomo i>mte-coch,rc, out of which no coach ever came nowadays. "I shan't want you, Trotter," sho said. " Tell Jams to walk the horses gently up and down. I shall uot bo very long." Tho man bowed and obeyed, wondering what business his mistress could have in such a dingy Btreet, "on the Surrey side of tho water, too," as he said to his comrade. Austin was out, but Mrs. Lovel was at home, and it was Mrs. Lovel whom Clarissa had come chiefly to see. The same tawdrilydressed maid admitted to the same untidy sitting-room, a shade more untidy to-day, where Bessie Lovel was dozing in an easy-chair by the fire,while tho two boys played and squabbled in ono of tho windows. Mrs. Granger, entering suddenly, radiant in golden-brown moire aud sables, seemed almost to darzlo the eyes oi Austin's wife, who had not seen much of tho brighter side of existence. Her life before her marriage had been altogether sordid and shabby, brightness or luxury of any kind for her class being synonymous with vice ; and Bessie Stanford the painter's model had never been vicious. Her life since bef marriage had been a life of trouble and difficulty, with only occasional glimpses of a spurious kind of brilliancy. She lived outside her husband's existence, as it were, and felt somehow that she was only attached to him by external links, as a dog might have been. He had a certain kind of affection for her, was conscious of her fidelity, and gratefal for her attachment; and there an end. Sympathy between them there was none; nor had ho ever troubled himself to cultivate her tastes, or attempted in the Bmallest degree to bring her near to him. To Bessie Lovel, therefore, this siater^of her husbands, in all the glory of her freshyoung beauty and sumptuous apparel, seemed a creature of another sphere, something to be gazed upon almost in fear and trembling. "i beg your parding!" sho fettered,rubbing t her eyes. She was apt, when agitated, to fell back upon the pronunciation af her girlhood, before Austin Lovel had winced atul ejaculated at her various mutilations of the language. " I was jus^ taking*forty winks after my bit of dinner." * " I am so sony I disturbed you," said Clarissa, in her gracious way. " You were tired, I daresay." " 0, pray don't mention it! I'm sure I feel it a great compliment yourcomin'. It must seem a poor place to you after your beautiful house in tho Roo de Moray. Austin told me where you lived; and I took the liberty of walking that wav one evening with a lady friend. I'm sure tno houses are perfect palaces." '' I wish you copl^ come to myJiouse as my Bister-inJaw ought," replied Clarissa. "I wanted to confide in my husband, to bring about a friendship betweon him and my brother, if I could; but Austin tells me that is impossible. I suppose he knows best. So, you ° see, I am obliged to act in tliis underliand way, and to come to see you by stealth, as it were." " It's very good of you to come at all," answered the wife with a sigh. " It isn't many of Austin's friends take any notice of me. Tin sure most of 'em treat me as if I was a cipher, Nbt that J mind tliat, provided ho could get on; but it's dinners there, and suppers hue, and never no orders for pictures, as you may say. -Ho liad next to notliing to do all the autumn; Paris being so duU, you know, with all the high people away at the siea. Ho painted Mira&me; Caballero for nothing, just to get liimself talked of among her set; and if it wasn't for Mr. Granger's orders, I don't know what we should bo.—-Come and speak to your aunt, Henuy and Arthur, like good hoys.' This to the olivo-branchos in the window, struggling for the possession of a battered tin railway-engino-with a crooked ohimney. " Sho ain't my aunt," cried tho eldest hope. " I haven't got no aunt." " Yes, this is your aunt Clarissa. You'vo heard papa talk of her." " Yes, I remember," mid the boy shandy. I remember one night when he talkoa of Arden Court and Clarissa, and thumped his forehead on the mantlepieoo like that;"' ana the boy pantomimed the notion of despair. . ' !! r ^ "Hohasfitsofthat kind sometimes,"«aid; Bessie Lovel, " and goes <» <about having lasted his life, and thrown Mkf his obta&/ and all that. Bft used t ^ t>nf """"' wo were in Australia, till be made me that nervous I didn't know what to do, thinking he'd go and destroy himself some day. But bo's been better since wo'vo been in Pans. Tho gaiety suits him. He says he can't hvo without society." , Clarissa sighed. Little as she knew of her U brother's life, sho knew enough to bevciy euro that love of society had been among u# chief causes of his ruin. Sho took one of ler nephews on her la», and talked to him, and let him play with the trinkets on her chain. Both the children were bright and intelligent onough, but had that air of prematura sharpness which comes from constant intercourse with grown-up people and an early initiation intc the difficulties of existence. Sho could only stay half an hour with her sister- in-law ; but she could see that hor visit of duty had gratified the poor little neglected wife. Sho had not come empty-handed, but hid brought an offering for llcssio Lovcl which mado the tired eyes brighten with something of their old light—a large oval locket of massive dead gold, with a malteee cross of small diamouds upon it; one of the simplest ornaments which Dauiel Granger had given her, and which she fancied herself justified in part ing with. She had taken it to a jewellor in tho Palais Royal, who had arranged a lock of her baric-brown hair, with a true-lover's knot of brilliants, inside the locket, and had engraved the words " From Clarissa " on the back. Mrs. Lovel clasped her hands in rapture as Clarissa openod the morocco case and showed hor thie jewel. " For mo! " she cried. " I never had any thing half as beautiful in my life. And your 'air, too !" She said " 'air in her excitement. " How good of you to give it to me! I don't know how to thank you." And the poor little woman made a rapid mental review of her wardrobe, wondering if 6he had any gown good enough to wear with that splendid jewel. Her purple silk—the one silk dress she possessed—was a little shiny and shabby by daylight, but looked very well by candle-light still, she thought She was rally delighted with the locket. In all her life she had had so few presents; and this one gift was worth three times the sum of them, liut Clarissa spoke of it in the lightest, most careless tone. " I wanted to bring you some little souvenir," die said, " and I thought you might like this. And now I must say good-bye, Bessie. I may call you Bessie, maynlt ij Aud remember, yon must call mo Clarissa, am Borry I am obliged to huny away like this; but I expect Mr. Granger bade Atlier early, end I want to be at home when ho returns. Good-bye, dear! " She kissed her brother's wife, who clung to lier affectionately, touched.by Iter kindness; kissed the two little nephews also, one of whom caught hold of her dress and said,— " You gave me that money for toys the other day, didn't you, aunt Clarissa t" « Yes darling." " But I didn't liave it to spend, though. Pa said he'd lay it out for me ; and ho brought me home a cart from the Boulevard; but it didn't cost two napoleons. It was a trumpery cart, that wont smash tho first time Arthur aud I stood in it" "You shouldn't stand in a toy-cart, dear. HI bring you some toys thf next time I come to tee mamma." They went out on the landing by this time. Clariisa disengaged herself from tho little fel- . low, and went quickly down the darksome staircase. « Will that be soon t" tho boy called ovor tho banisters. " I do hope I sliall be able to keep it," said Bessie Lovel presently, as sho stem in tho window gloating over her locket; whereby it will be seen that Austin's wife did not feel so secure as sho might liavo done in tho posses don of her treasure, (To he continued.) 