MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Saturday. The condonon of the Reform racket ii coming very swiftly. We dull know our fate, as ? young "nation in the grktle," before this day week. Shall I give yon the tip for the event f The re quired 44 votes may.by a bare pombility, be rounded up for the third reading,—or may not. I think myself it may be the negative result, and a little more so. But why ihonld Ibe positive,—l, the veriest outsider in the indifferent crowd of out siders looking on, contemptuously, at the game in the ring — when the Chief Secretary himself does not know, for certain, how the voting will go on Wednesday next! Anyhow, the mino rity will be so respectably large that, by universal admission, the game will be a drawn one. If 44 men are oh one side in a parliamentary division, and 41 on the other, it is not a great and glorious triumph for the majority, now, is it t But whether the third reading be car ried by the requisite number of votes or not, the same issue will be precipitated : to wit, an appeal to the country. Mark you ! not to the fkbiteitmm, but to the electors at the polling booths. The next general election, now close at hand, will be of infinite importance to the future interests of this community. Many and serious questions will be determined by the result of it. The Republic stands or falls by the verdict that will be regis tered. In view of which contingency every vote becomes of immense interest. Are Ripon and Hampden ready 1 Will Villiers and Heyteibury cut its vote for Joseph Jones, or for some ob. scure nominee of the " mity Mi rams" and the Reform League 1 You can better answer these quesions than I can. Of course, Jerry Dwyer's politisal goose is cooked, and Joseph Jones is to the fore for Yilliers and Heytesbury. Now, if Joseph Jones should be returned, | and if Ripon and Hampden should, at the general election, displace and replace Mr. Francis Longmore (of the Octopus smile) by such as a man as Mr. Shaw, the balance of destiny,would almost cer tainly turn against Berryism, now and for evermore. Think of that, Master Brook! Did you read the retort of the " Daily I Telegraph" on the " Age" for the latter's sneaking attempt at defending the Chief Secretary in the action for slander ? That article gave immense satisfaction to many persons, I can tell you. People cut it out and paste it into their scrap-books or on the walls of the library, to be read over again and again. The punishment in flicted made Ananias fairly quail and shrink away. He did not attempt any rejoinder: nor will he. Ananias is muzzled. Mum! The "Age" and the Chief Secretary are at feud on many points, chiefly in regard to the pkbiscitum. The ene blesses, the other bans, that last expedient 'of a desperate cause. In fact, the "Age" has played the part of Balaam to the Chief Secretary's Balak, in this matter. "I called you to curse this people, and lo I thou has blessed them altogether!" Only, -with this difference, the original Balaam went aside from his instructions, under the force of irrepressible inspira tion ; whereas the sham Balaam's true and only motive was secret treachery. The whole story may come out some day, in full. There i§ a rumor that tho reserved £1,050 from the embassy money has been paid back into the Treasury. I cannot guarantee the truth of thb statement, but all will be known in a day or two. Carlton men, who ought to know, tell me that Curtain has not the ghost of a chance against Munro. Curtain fences shabbily with the Education question. I happen to know that his views are of the extreme Roman Catholic order, and that he gets his instruction! on this and other questions from St. Francis's pres bytery. There has been a small racket within the Presbyterian body over the Broad Church "Review" question. Somehow, the "Argus" was caught in a trap in reference to that subject. It allowed an ar ticle to be printed in its leading columns, which went dead into the teeth of all the facts, and even of its own reports of the facts. The sequel was, two authori tative denials of the accuracy of its state. ments from the pair of men in position, and two slashing articles in to-day's "Daily Telegraph" and "Southern Cross." Pray read both. These matters are out* side politics, but they have a very deep importance for large and influential sec tions of this community. 