HOWARD. (FflOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) THIS, the youngest town of the Wide Bay dis trict, is destined to be of great importance as the centre of extensive coal miuing, smelting, farming, and manufacturing industries; it is situated on the left bank of the Burrura River on thohigh road connectiug Maryborough with Run daberg. At present, only a portion of it has 8UIU, uuutiiug uua uiiuuuj commenced ; the only reserve yet made by the Government of any importance is one of nine acres for a State School ; I hope within twelve months to say that a school worthy of such a noble site will be erected ou it ; at present, our provincial State School is held in a build ing under sufferance by the kind permission of the Wesleyan body — and a very good one it is. I hope steps will be taken at once to have the remainder of this town surveyed into lots for sale, for continually we have persons visit ing here to inspect the land, only to find that for the present they are prevented from in vesting or from becoming settlers with us. It is a fair thing now, that, the Government should place this town entirely at the disposal of the public, making, of course, the usual reserves for Court House, Post Office, Police Station, &c.;, &c.; The fresh water supply is provided by two chains of permanent water holes, aud in the ' Sweet bye-aud-bye ' an in exhaustible supply of clear pure water cau be obtained by layiug about one mile of pipes from a dam on the river a little above the ford. The surveyed railway line from Maryborough runs into Hurley and Company's extensive coal properties, and runs within a huudrcd yards of the nortb-east bonudary of this town — which, no doubt, will spread over the private lands surrounding it. I hope the Goveruineut i have decided to form a police station here; ! they will find it of much service to the Depart ment, aud it will be a protection that t:.is town and district is now fully entitled to. If the policeman or men sent here be married, with families — which I hope will be the case — they will find a really excellent school to send their children to — not a better one, for a young place, in the colony. I am afraid the character of our river, the Burrum, has suffered a blow from which it will not easily recover ; its navigable qualities have long been of a highly problematical kind, but I think tho proverbial 'last feather' has been placed on the camel's back. Tbe steam collier Barbara, laden with coal, has ' cooked' any chauce we might have had to talk of our noble river — God's highway no longer. She is nowreslingonasandb:mk,iu a very forlorn con dition — some call her a wreck. Her cargo of coal lias beeu pitched overboard (not a bad idea, is it ?), but the poor old Barb refuses to leave her haven of rest to trust again the treacherous deep. We are compelled hence forth to admit that our river must be classed with such streams as the Fitzroy; that wo have millions of tons of sand too much and mauy inches of wa'er loo little to do much longer without railway assistance. It is a nice fix to be in certainly, with an open market before us for several thousand tons of coal per week, here we lay as helpless as the poor old Barbara, who has done her very best to help us, and has now gone 11 broke' over it. Is it any wonder that we hail the advent of Hurley and Co. — those corraor.iut Sydney capitalists —and a railway to Maryborough ? It is very hard, of course, to swallow the gilded pill, but considering the long proccss of roasting we have undergone, we are prepared to bow to the inevitable with Chrisliau fortitude aud becom ing humility. I see some of ibe Maryborough Christians do not bow with tbe same measure of self-denial, or, if they do, it is doue in such a questionable shape that it is difficult to ' tumble' to their workings within. No doubt the most astute amongst them are acting ou progressive ideas ; real sensible fellows, with a fair thiug in the way of patriotism aud philau thropby and all that, with a cut above little self interests, or even big ones ; but, as I said before, it is very difficult to ' tumble11 to them. Perhapa they don't like to hear those Burrum fellows talking about 'collaring' the Gardens tx&ashtegua; won for not making a short cut to the Pacific ; perhaps they are jealous that Sydney capital intends to do what they should have, at least, attempted to do years ago them selves; or, j?erhaj)s, they are mad, if so, poor fellows, they have our sincere sympathy. Yes; it is quite likely that their Extended ideas — always, cf course, proceeding from and involv ing' the first person 6iugular — have proved too many for them. I hear some of the most 'gone,' whose overheated fancies picture to the mind's eye the Sydney capitalist as an in fliction dreadful to contemplate, pray for the railway that is not to cross the Burrum, but stop at a placc called Chancery. Surely there must bo sonic little method in such madness. They cliug to the hope that the Government will build tbe railway. I will submit the fol lowing questions to them A railway to whom 1 an-1 for what ? If they can, without j uubosoiuing too much of the primary cause of their madness, satisfactorily answer these questions, I promise to work the goose quill for the Government lino wheuever there is the ghost of a probability of any Parliament sanctioning one iu tbe face of those questions which, surely, will certainly arise before the dollars are placed at the disposal of the very disinterested persons who look for them. Our ambassador, Mr. William Whitley, leaves per Kcilawarra, in a few days for Sydney to meet tbe geutlemeu known as Hurley and Co., when final arrangements will be made to proceed with the great work they have takcu iu hand. That it will prosper and advance Maryborough no one but an idiot cau doubt. We wish our old friend Whitley boa voyage, and the palm he has striven for he will bring home safe. 