' , AT GOVERNMENT HOUSE- It is not ofton that I intorview lords, dukoB, marquises, or any of that ilk. I am moro used to kings. In the course of my lifo I have met kings and sprawled 011 tho samo mat with them, smokod tho samo tobacco, and offered royalty (savage) my brandy flask with an oasy indifference that would have won mo golden opinions from the most polished courtier ; but nous avons change tout ccla, and if the present Governor nnd his lady aro not a king and queen, yet they aro the representatives of a power — a power that is almost omnipresent — and as such I mado my bow before them yesterday. Of the mental and physical labor attendant on the preparation for tho (important event I Can say nothiDg, for it would bo uninteresting: thorofore let it suffice the nlroady disgusted reader to know that on tho nftornoon of Wednesday, 8th October, I , reluctantly cast aside tho old coat wherein' it is my custom of an afternoon" to array myself, cast a saddened eye at my pipe; attired myself In purple and fine linen ; and with a muttered malediction, directed at les convenances, called a hansom, and after a pause to wait upon the lady who wa3 so good as to acoompany ins, was fairly en route for Government House. Thou my spirits revived, ghosts of tho ijast were before me, and till my companion, with a well-directed scaronsm, mado mo feel painfully what I was about, I for a moment beliovcd myself the butterfly I once had been. Wasn't I a fool ? As wo noarad Government Houss tho stream of carriages became thicker and thicker, and there ware ovident signs that some important event was in progress. Arrived at last, we passed through tho handsome gate, by tho solemn sentry, who would die ero he smiled, and along a really pretty drive to the portals of the mansion. (Please read thoso lost four words aloud.) An obliging orderly assisted us to alight, and aftor escaping, by a special Providence, tho dangers whicn surround a lady's train, we— that is to say, rnyaolf and my fair companion— found ourselves iu a small anteroom. This anteroom wns chiefly conspicuous for two small tables, each of them bearing a big book, in which names and addresses wero to bo in- owllUUU| iillU Irlia stUAIOvy oVIHUUU U y (JOUJfig Uv get at thoso books, nnd make Lady Normanby acquainted with their names and addresses, would have boen funny, had it not boen a nuisance. Ono blessing I despatched per pigeon post to the architect. Ho may have got it, or he may not — I think not ; but ho deserved it when he built that room of stono, and provided for any amount of open doors, else the atmosphere would havo become — say, stuffy. A little manoeuvring enabled me so inscribe my name, nnd my fair companion, with a patience which I have seen Indies exercise, but which I can not pretend -to imitate, slipped easily and gracefully through tho pushing crowd, and as the Ameri cans would say, "slung liar ink"as though to the manner born. A few steps more, and a foot man, whose father's grave I would like to re vile, onnouncod our nnmes, very loudly and quite wrong, and I was in the presence of vice- royalty. Lady Normanby sat on a low chair, her weakness from recent illness not permit ting her to undergo the fatigue of a standing position for a long time. On her left stood His Excellency the Governor, and an aide-de- camp was in attendance behind the chair of tho lady. Thero was no dais, no formality, no fuss. I bowed to her ladyship, andfl think, if I wns a little tiny boy again, I should liko to climb on her knee. Such a nice sweet, kind face with a depth in it that told of motherly feeling; a restful BOit of face that somehow, I know not why, mado ine think of that mother who is under tho sod so many miles away, and whoso - face and voice I shall sec— but not here. His Excellency's fine, bluff, gonial countenance is familiar to all in Victoria, and needs ns de scription, and ilia hearty grasp of my hand put me at once at my ease. I moved away, and sat me down on a divan, and looked about. It's not the Governor's fault, it's not anybody's fault that I can see, but the whole was most formal. The reception room — or, as it is termed, the amber drawingroom— is a really splendid one, but being intended to hold people, and not furniture, it appears scantily furnished, though, of course, every thing in it is of the vory best material which the State money could procuro. It needs about a hundred people, at least, at a imc in that room to make it look < omfortoblc. I can quite understand Sir George Bowen's pathetic remnrk, when he -aw the plans of the lordly edifice he was to nhabit. " Dear me," said Sir George, "I houldlike a little room where I could go and have a chop." I think Governors are much like other men. The room itself is very large, long, and lofty ; its walls are white, relieved by plaster monldingB and pilasters, but the eye seeks in vain for a picture or for some thing to break the dead monotony of that white. The carpet, which is thick, substan tial, and thoroughly good of its kind, has n dull crimson nB its prevailing tint, nnd the furniture is timber satm. I don't want to bo hyper-critical, but amber satin and a crimson ground carpet, with dead white walls, do not seem to ma to match, and I 1 cannot admire the taste of those who furnished . it. At the same time, I must say that many ladies and gentlemen of taste who visit Government House consider the general effect pleasing ; the more so when it is remembered that the room is for receptions on State occasions. By-the-way, in one respect, ' Governors and their ladies ore unlike other mortals, inasmuch as they havo to take their state apartments furnished - as they find them. This is convenient so far as one's packet is concerned, but it gives no opportunity for showing one's taste in the important matter of furnishing the house in_ which one iB to live. We sat in this room for a short time, nnd people who knew us came up and said so. Getting tired of hearing that it was a line afternoon, wo followed the strenm, nnd moved into the magnificent ball- room. A string band, well Belected nnd playing admirably, were dis coursing lino music in one corner, and con spicuous among them was a young lady who Eil'formed upon a tenor viol, nnd handled her ow with great skill. Still the same oppressive sense of vastness and comparative solitude weighed 011 everybody. To cross the hall to speak to a friend was a Sabbath day's journey, and to walk tho iengtii of it wo3 an undertaking before starting on which one would maka his ' will. Of this room, as a ball-room it la im- possible to speak too highly. It is large, airy, and well ventilated, and the floor is simply superb. The hall, for such it is, would be greatly improved by tho ereotion of balconies, but in these days of falling revenue such a thing is not to bo thought off In fnct Government House is, I should xav, one of the finest modern hoitseB in tho world, Its rooms being large and w«ll ventilated. But to return to the reception. Filled with dnncers, that ball-room would bo a sight to tempt an ascetic prior from his cell ; hut yesterday it looked dull nnd dreary as " Somo banquet hill deserted." Involuntarily one spoke in whispers, and after a very short time of thnt style of purgatory I had seen enough. Tho only poople who seemed to enjoy themselves were some volunteer officers with swords on. If I had had a sword I would have walked round with , case, but I hadn't anything to "swank" with, so 1 suggested to my companion that wo should move, By this time she knew by heart every costume in the place, and, I havo little doubt, could liava tola me, wero she so minded, the exact cost per yard of every fabrio she sow ; 80' without a sigh, we passed into the bright sunlight. Re-entering the swift hansom we hastened homeward, and, having dropped my friend, I rushed for my solitude, and un- buckled, unlaced, uncollarod, and alone, drank a huge draught of something with a fizz in it, and lighted my pipe. The rest is bliss. BOHEMIAN. 