Theatre Royal.— Tho houso was poorly attended last night, owing to tho threatening aspeot of tho woathor. Tho picocs woro "Black Eyed Susan," followed by tho burlcsquo of " Aladdin tho Wonderful Soamp, ' whioh was well dreBSod nnd woll played. and wont swimmingly, ns mnoli to tho nmuso- ment of tho nudionco as to that of tho actors, who soemcd to onjoy it quito as thoroughly. Tho Widow Twonkoy of Mr. Clinton wa9 ndmirablo, while that sunboam Miss Patty Holt, both noted, danoed, and sung horsolf into the good graces of tbo houso, whioh applauded her warmly. To-night being tho fourth fashionable night, Shnkospoaro'B grand tragody of " Hamlet " will bo produced. The School of Arts.- "Carlton's Ghost'1 still continues to attraot admirers, although thcro was a sonsiblo falling off in visitors last night. As there has bocn Bcaroely any altera- tion in roe progrnmmo sinco tuo company opoued, tho diminution in tho nttondaneo can hardly bo wondered at, most of tho towns people having attondod tho porformauces three and four nights successively. A change of programme is announced for to-night. Special Religious Service.— Several of tho local ministers of religion havo united to hold a spooial religious sorvico this evening at tho Primitive Methodist Churoh, Fritzroy-atroet, Tho immigrants just arrivod are speoiolly invitod to attend, and wo hnvo every reason to believo they will hear Bound and useful advice in tho addresses to bo delivorod. Police Court.— Thoro were no casos for hearing at the Folico Court yestorday. C. Q. G. & F. Society. — Wo are requested to drnw attention to the annual mooting ot this society, whioh is to bo hold at tho Nor- manby Hotel, to-morrow at 11 o'olook. Fitzroy River. — Tho Cooktown Courier says : — " From a return laid boforo Farliamoat, wo ascertain that tho amount exponded in dooponing tho Fitzroy River has been £G7,466 lGs. 2d., added to which a training wall has involved a further expondituro of £28,233 4s. A titho of that amount wonld render tho port of Endeavour avnilablo to vessels of any sizo, and at any hoar— a faot that no ono will bo ever able to assort with truth about tho Fitz roy Rivor." Wo quito agree with our northern oontomporary that a tithe of the monoy — sorno £8700— would not render tho Fitzroy Rivor available to vessels of any sizo, althongkit might be sufficient, if laid out on tho Endeavour, to euablo tho Groat Eastaru to float up to tho office door of tho Herald. Tho oxpoauituro of money upon improving tho Fitzroy does not appear to meot with tho approbation of eitbor northerners or southerners. Tho Gladstone pooplo are very indignant about it, and aro doing thoir lovol best to have tho work stoppedt and soma £70,000 spont on a rnilwuy to their flourishing watoring-plaoo. Woll, wo can't blame our neighbors for standing up for Num ber One, and thoy will pardon us if we follow their example. Outward Mails, via Torres Straits.— Tho moilB, via Torres Straits, for tho Uuited King, dom, European countries, India, China, &o.;, will oloso at Rookhamptoa post-offioe on Wed nesday next. The hours of olosing will be found on referenco to tbe post. office mail notioo in another column.. The Hospital,— Tho "usual monthly mooting of tho committee of tho Port Curtis and Loich- hurdt Distriot Hospital will bo held at tho CourLhouso at 4 o'cloak this afternoon. Tns Scottish Lassie's Immigrants. — Tho immigrants by tho Soottish Lassie camo up to tho wharf shortly after 5 o'olook yosterday afternoon, in tho Government steam-tug Fitzroy, and were brought at onoo to tho dopot, whore tho wardsman, Mr. lieazoley, had mado every preparation in his power for thoir reception. A tonder in tow of tho Fitzroy brought up the immigrants' luggage, whioh was transferred from tlio wharf to tho dopot with all possiblo spood. Tlio police attoadad on tho wharf, us is ouiitomiiry, at tho disem barkation of tbo immigrant)), and rendered what assistance lay in their power iu preventing ooufusion — an almost unavoidable matter on euoli oconBions, From what wo havo boon ablo to loarn, tho passengers are a useful nnd ro- Bpcctablo body of people ; the single girls bo ing woll conducted, tho single i non able-bodied ond orderly, und tho iunrrio d people mostly young, and without uiuoh eno- umhrnuce. Wo may BUggost that it would ha advisable to hang a few mora lampB about tbo yard and gatos of tho dopot. Last ovoning tbo contu sion, whioh usually prevails whon 'ho immi grants are all trying to piok out thoir luggage, was considerably inoroasod by tbo absence of anything Hko snffloiont light. A Cbinaman, who wns selling fruit to tko now arrivals, lent considerable nssiatnnoo in throwiug light on tho subjeot, by on improvised lnntoru, whioh ho onrriod about with him. Tho Government ought surely hot to bo Indobtod to our Colostial fruit vendors for a propor supply of illumina tion, and- wo throw out tlio hint, In tbo hopo thnt tbo defoot wepoint out may bo rcmodiod spcodily. Tho oolupations of the immigrants aro sot down iiB folio ws:-G9 fomalo domestic servants, 111 farm laborers, 1 shophord, 16 laborers, 4 gardenons, 2 tailors, 4 minors, 1 butohor, 1 builder, 8 blacksmiths, 3 bricklayorsi 4 masons, 2 briokmakork, 9 oarpouters, 1 wliool- wright, nnd 5 othors. Tho voyage seoms to havo boon a most ogrooable ono, tho only oo- ourroucos to disturb tho oven tonor of tho timos on board boing tho five deaths whioh oo- ourrod. The,two fover pationts from tho singlo womou's ward woro brought up with tho other passengers yesterday, and tnkou to tho looal hos pital. Tho following address, signed by nearly all tho adult passeugors, was presontod to Cap tain Lo Contour, tho commander of tbo,vesBoI : — " Soottish Lassio, Koppol Bay, 8th June, 1879- Captain Lo Cortenr.— Sir,—' Wo, tho under signed passengorB on bonrd tho Soottish Lassio, wish to oxproBB our Biucoro thanks to you for, in tho first plaoo, bringing us so many thousand milos in safety to our port, and also for yonr groat RindnoBS and the interest and oonsidera- 11UU juu umu w»uu iu uta uu uuu&uj; nuu uiuiu especially for thoso who havo boon ill. Wo oonsider ourselves tho most fortunate of pas- songers in having a captain so considerate and sympatbetio, and who bas dono all in his powor to dispel tho monotony of n long soa voyngo, by not only sanctioning many amusomonts and promoting otters, but by also doing us tbo honor to take an active part in them himself- Onr dotontioi hero in tho Bay is, after all, not so muoh to ho regretted sinae wo havo you amongst us, ready as you nlwayB are to assist ub in passing tho timo as agreeably as possiblo, evon at the oxpoaso of your own oonvonionce- Wo oxtrcmolj regret that wo aro not in a position to givo you somo substantial proof of our estimation of your many kindnesses, but wo know thst our hoarty and unanimous approbation will bo roooived by you with equal ploasuro. Shculd it bo our fortune to rovisic our native country wo wiBh for no bottor vessel than tho Soottish Lissio, with Captain Lo Corteur in command, assisted by his present offioors, whoso genial dispositions havo rendered them so popular." Roforring to tho above Captain Le Contcar roquosts us to publish tho follow ing : — " De»r Sir, — By tho raodiam of your valuable papor may I bo bo bold as to rcquost you to return to the passengers por Scottish Lassie my most sincere and grateful thanks for the kind aud fooling mannor in which thoy havo boon pleased to acknowledge tbo fow sorviooB that woro in my powor to rondor thom. I truly wish thom, ono and all, hoaltk, success, and prosperity in this tho now land of their adoption ; and if thoy will belioro that my offorts towards thoir comfort and ploasure havo boon mado solely in tho interest of the Soottish Line of Qaoanslnnd paoke'ts — tho Lassio of eourso ospooially, my aim will havo bcon achiovod, and I hero bog to remain yours and tboira, most hoarty well wishor, J. D. B. Le Couteur. Rookhampton, Juno I2th, 1879." And Still Another. — Wo havo to welcome No. 1 of tho Port Douylat Gazelle — and wo not only welcome it beoauso wo are always ntnnand Irt L'lirtiu flint. Hin nnnnin rtf A rlintriph aro represented by a mombor of tho Fourth Estate but because it is more than ordin arily good looking, and possessing evidently a fair stick of brains. Spoaking of itself the Gazette snyB :— "On our part wo shall not fail to mako this jonrnnl an earnost nnd porsistont ox. ponont of whatever is oaloiilated to bonofit tho port and district generally, and a faithful rcflox of local ooonrronoes ; while full advan. tago will bo takon of tbo olootrio wire to lay before our readers tho latest information of importanoo from the colonics and all parts of tho world. Politically wo are nttaohod to no party, but shall steer a porfoatly indopondont oourse, over rogaTdiug with favor, notwith standing, that party whioh, more than another shows by deeds rather than by words its dosiro to deal liberally with our local requirements." Although wo havo no pnrtioular admiration for a journal whioh lias no definite opinions upon political questions, and whioh doos not consist ently stick to a party, so long as that party stick by their pronoanoad principles, still wo havo no doubt that tbo Qascttc, if it abido by its programmo, will boa vulu able addition to tho Northern Press, and of groat assistance to the distriot in which it is published. The Poor Blacks.— According to the Port Douglas Gazette the blacks of the Mossman, the Daintree, Saltwater and Mowbray Rivers are as dangerous as they are numerous. They appear to have a special liking for spearing horses and cattle; while they have no objection to turn their hands to cutting the throats of white people, if they think they can do so without standing a fair chance of being "dis persed," by a bullet through their heads. We are reminded by our new contemporary of the killing and hacking into mincemeat of Hanley and his two mates. During the last two months three horses belonging to Mr. Moffatt (one of them worth £50), were speared within a mile of the town, two of them mortally, while a fourth is missing. Mr. C. Emerson lost two horses and a foal, and Mr. Price a couple, all speared. Not long since Mr. Jones a settler on the Mossman had a horse killed, and a week or so since, he found that a valuable horse and three cows had been speared to death close to his homestead, while others had been driven away. These and many similar cases are mentioned by the Gazette, all showing how absolutely necessary it is that Government should increase, rather than decrease, the police in the outside Districts. The fat mobs of Mr. Middlemiss, and the mobs of working bullocks belonging to Mr. Freshney, and other cedar getters, on the Mossman and Daintree, have been so maddened by the repeated ap- pearances of the blacks among them, that the fat cattle are almost unapproachable by the white man, and the working bullocks for the time rendered almost unmanageable." Although we are quite of opinion that cedar cutters and others should do everything in their power to protect themselves, still if the Government desire the country should be settled and an industry pursued, they must afford police pro tection. Economy in this particular means greater expenditure. Mr. Seymour's report, we are sorry to think, was written under instructions, and if the country be left without police both white and black, we shall have wholesale slaughter, and occasionally an un- fortunate white brought up for murder. No country in the world has been taken possession of at less expense than Queensland, and it would be little short of insanity for Ministers under the plea retrenchment to pit the white settler against the black aboriginal, and leave them to fight out the battle. Anything like forbearance on the part of the Government is regarded by the blacks as a sign of weakness, and we strongly advocate the establishment of permanent native police camps, under the superintendence of able and intelligent white men. Set a black to got rid of a black, is as much to the point as "set a thief to catch a thief." It is evident from reports continually to hand that the natives are growing bold, because so little trouble is taken to keep them back; and nothing but two or three severe lessons, and the establishment, and the keeping up, of effective police camps, will prevent the "poor blacks" from further encroachments, and a wholesale shedding of human blood. We should be sorry to see a second edition of old times, when "Notices" were revolvers — and when settlers met together for the purpose of enjoying a day's "turkey shooting." Mr. Palmer " Pooh-poohs"!— The hon. the Colonial Soorotary is carrying on his old gamo of " pooh-poohing" everything wbioh demands explanation — at loast sach explanation as, if givon, would tell against himsolf aud ins col leagues, It is just possible that his admirers may say " ho is quito right." Wo, who simply regard him as a pablio man, say ho is quite wrong. He hae no right, ns u servant of tho pooplo, to refuse information when it is do- I mended in tbo name of tho people by ono of thoir appointed offioors ; and he exhibits a most domineering spirit whon bo "pooh-poohs" matters whioh aro of importanoo to the pooplo, or wbioh they think to bo of importanoo. It is «ap» nnriAin tllflfc wrfittt.noAw miftofinn Mr Griffith may ask, or to whutover subjeot bo may oall the attention of the Governmont, tho ' oountry will attnoh somo weight to it, and will ' oxpeot a dofinite answer to bo givon in tho ono oaso, and a full disousBion cntorod into in tbo othor; nnd Mr. Palrnor is not oouBulting his own good famo, nor his pooket .either, whon ho attempts to snub a gentleman who hnB worsted him in so many a fight, and who is his superior as a statesman, as a dobatcr, and as a oloar- beaded, oalm representative of the pooplo of Qnoonsland. On Friday afternoon Mr. Griffith moved tho adjourumont of tho Houso for tho purpose of oalling the attention of tho Govorn- mont to tho secret and disgraceful manner in which tho execution of tho convict Mutter was conducted. Mr. Palmer pooh- poohed the charge. Of course he did- And yet tho execution was secret and disgraceful in tho extreme. In tho first place no intimation was given to tho Press that the terriblo sentcnce was about to be carried out; and in tbo second tho man's head was cut from tho body by tho rope. Both of those facts demanded explana tion. Tho members of tho Press have no desire to attend such a fearful exhibition as the hanging of a fellow-creature, save for tho purpose of giving to tho public a fair and full report of tho proceedings. It is a portion of thoir duty, it is a duty imposed on them as momhers of tho Fourth . Estate ; tlicy aro in suoh oasos tho ropresontntivos of tho publio. Thoy stand by, in fact, to soo fair play, and also to soo that the law is carried out in a propor manner. Tho way in which Mutter was, if wo may so say, smuggled into oternitr was a disgraoe to thoso whose province it Is to attend to snob matters. In suoh a ease, tlio pooplo natarolly look to the Governmont to show oauso why tho usual oourso wns dopnrtod from ; and thoy also look to tho lender of tho Opposition to put tbe quostiou for them, aud in thoir name. Thoroforo, for Mr. Palmor to "pooh-pooh" tho subject was not in good taste- \- It may bo considered exooodingly indopondont. and all thnt sort of thine, for a Minister tn affect to disregard the voioo of tho oountry ; but no publio man can afford to dofy pnblio opinion, whether that opinion be spokon through tho oolums of a nowspapor, or whether it eomo direct from tho people themsolvos. Tho member of a Cabinet undertakes to per form a certaiu uniouut of work for n certain amount of monoy, and his paymasters, whoso favors ho originally courted, demand wbilo ho takes their money that ho will not " pooh- pooh" matters affeoting thoir welfare. When bo " pooh-pooh's" his moutkiy oheque, or hands it to tho hospital, the qaostion might assume another phase. Wanted Poleaxing. — We lhavo files of tho Weekly Argus to tho 2nd inst., from which wo take tho following : — Tho man Manders, who was imprisoned at Christ Church for assaulting a woman indecently, has received his first flogging in Lyttleton gaol. After tho punish ment he showed no signs of repentance, but said " he wished he had tho woman in his power - he would flog her." He will receive another 25 stripes 14 days before he leaves prison. The M'Ilwbaitu Ministry. — Individually and collectively tlio present Ministry oxcecds all previous ones iu its disoourtoous bearing, boorish manners, and seoreoy of movomont. Not only nro tho four Miuistcrs now in tho Assembly rudoly impertinont to membors when asking for information, but tlioy positively douy to thom the right to ask for tho papers iu conuoetiou witii the Government workshops. The chief dictator, Mr. M'llwraitli, says " you shall not havo thom nnd tho socond diatator, Air. Palmer, is as polite as his chiof. Tho third diotator, Mr. Palmer, is as polite as his oliief. Tho third diotator, Mr. Perkins, surpasses the others iu iinportiuoiioo ; he could not bo oivil when uskoil by a young member an ordinary qucBtiou iu oonneotion with bis de partment. " How many Laud Commissioners aro tliore" was tho question asked by Mr. Meston. "Find out yoursolf by examining tho Estimates" wob the statesmanlike reply. Again tho leader of tho Opposition desires ou kohalf of tho Houso a statomont as to a rcoont change in tho Cabinet, and tho rotiromout of Mr. Thompson, whioh aro usually tendered without asking. Mr. M'Uwraitk had not tho slightest intention of doing so thon, but wonld givo tho House somo information whon iu a hotter position to do so. We may remark that Buob rotiocnco is not likoly to conoiliato members, but will hnvo tho rovoree off'oct, aud will also exrito suspioion and arouse opposition. With referenco to tho dismissals frodi tho workshops, tho reasons givon t.i members for refusing tliatu tho desired information are suoh as might b < givon to bovs, but not to tho pooplo's representatives, and go fnr to ooufirm tho worst oouoluBious drawn as to tho solectiou for dismissal of persons whoso political viows woro obnoxious to tho Miuistry. Littlo Bis- maroks in their way, they wonld rule tho oountry with an iron hand.- — Bundaberg Star. Blacking.— Anothor colonial industry gouo out, expired utterly, liko Mr. MnrouB Clarko's copyright by publication. A woll-makor noar Wodonga has struck a roof of blaoking ! It is six feet tliiok, with a clay vein of ten inohes tkiok adhering to it, and ho struck it in sink, ing a woll at 100 foot doop. Ho says it gives a bright poliBli to his boots, and blaoking whioh docs that must bo superior to tho mnuutaoturod artiolo. It looks n diill-liued decayed wood, anil tlio fiuder docs not know what it is, but lias sent it ,10 tlio Mining Department, liis lunk. reminds me of Bret Uarto's story of Dow's Flat, where Dow, in pegging down for water, struck a rioli reef.— -Miner. Tho Athemr.um understands that Good Words and tho Sunday Magazine have been bought by Mossrs. Isbister aud Co. (Limited) for nourly £80,000. A now company with whiob Mr. Daldv will bo couucotcd is boiug formed to tako ovor tho Art Journal and othor valuablo oopyrights. Mb. Mannings Allowance.— Tlioro oxists \ somo uneortnlnty among tho publio as to the offoot, should it bocomo.law, of tlio bill intra- duooi by Mr. Meston, M L, A., repeal " An Aot to. nutlioriso tho retirement of Arthur Wiloox Manning, Esq., from tho public sorvico of Qnoonsland upon spooial nllowanoe." The bill— tho aooond rending of whioh wo may remark, on passant, line boon postponod for 11 fortnight— wbilo repealing tho boforo-namod Aot, provides that "tbo said Arthur Wiloox Manning shall bo doomed to bo omployod in tho Civil Sorvico of tho colony, anil shall be ontitlod to tho samo rights nn.l privileges ns ho would havo boon entitled to if tho snid Act had not boon passed, nnd lio had con tinued in such sorvico, at a anlary of £G00 por annum from tlio passing of tlio said Aot to the prosont timo." Should tlio mousnro pass tho result will ho that Mr Mauuing will liavo to resume liis position ns a Oivil sorvant, and givo tlio colony tbo bonofit of his sorvicos for his £G00 por annum ; nnd at his dontli Ilia widow, Blionld ho lonvo ono, will only bo ontitlod, undor tho Civil Sorvico Aot, to a bulk sum equal to ayoar's salary— namoly, £600. Under tho Aot sought to bo ropoalod Mr. Manning rotirod from tlio sorvioo provided with n pension of £G00 por anuum during his hfotimo, and aftor his dooenso his widow is ontitlod to £300 yoarly (half pension) for life. Courier. 