NEW AND NOTES. This day's events :-D’Ar e y Read’s Ghost at the Academy of Music; Geelong Races; County Coutt; Court of General Sessions; meeting of millers , &c.;, re corn exchange; George hotel, 11 a.m.; meeting of com- ..mittee. of..Agricultural.and, PMtoral Sooiety, Craig s hotel, 11 a.m. Cricket—Second eleven B.G.C. v -Smythesdale, - Eastern Oval; Pariahs ; y Yietoriai Western Oval;. , , ; The new regulations tof the carnage o£ agricultural produce Were gazetted’last night. We are informed that some alterations of importance were made at the last moment. James, Fowler, the late. manager; cf the' London Chartered Bank at Talbot,’appeared on'remand before the City bench on "Friday, charged with; Embezzling £2OO, the;’properly of the:bank, and was remanded again, tdiappeaf at Talbot bn Thursday.; Mr Fihlaysoh has been engaged to defend thepriasner, who declined to be liberated on bail. ; !The half-yearly meeting of the Phmoix Foundry Company (Limited)'was ’held on’, Friday evening, at Brophy’a hotel, attend ance of shareholders, and, In the 'absence of .-the chair man (MrHardy), Mr Pascoe was voted to ' the chair. The reports and balance-sheets were readandadopted, and the retiring directors, Messrs’ Brophy, Body comb, and’Pascoe, were reflected for the ensuing twelve months. By a private letter from Mr Edwin Trenerry, dated 19th December, we have the pleasure of learning that he was well, and not only receiving Australian friends at his residence, "The Birches,” near the Crystal Palace, Sydenham, but engaged in business in London as a partner in “The American Produce Company,” whose import trade included an agency for American oysters. Mr Trenerry had met Mrs and Miss Potter in London, and Dr and Mrs Whitcombe had visited him there at “The Birches," the doctor telling him he never saw him looking better. Mr Trenerry mentions the Croyles and the Eaves, and of Frank Herring says “he does a little in stocks just to amuse himself.” Of his own commercial venture he says, “It pro mises to be profitable.” He had had some intention of returning to Victoria, but had decided to remain in England for a time,as Mrs Trenerry and her friends “would much rather we should remain in England." Our old friend, of whose welfare all his, old chums here will be glad to hear, expresses his interest in all our concerns in coursing, farming, and mining, and evidently has kept himself well posted up in most of our affairs during his absence. The wedding ceremonies of our fellow-citizen, Mr W. Irwin, were celebrated at Beechworth on Tuesday last. The wedding breakfast was held at the Empire. hotel, of which the bride was landlady for ten years. The high esteem in which the lady is held may be estimated from the fact that, most of the leading townsmen were present and several members of Par liament to do honor and wish joy and prosperity to the happy couple. Mr J. Brown acted as best man, Mr Irwin having performed a like duty for him at Mount Blowhard some little time ago. Messrs Gilbert Duncan and Ramsay, from Melbourne, were also present. Mr J. Abrahams, of Shepperd street, Ballarat East fell from a pair steps in the printing-office of Mr J- Curtis, Armstrong street) bn' Friday, while he was engaged in erecting some machinery; and in’ the fall he broke his arm just above the wrist. The limb was set by Dr Owen. A patient in the Hospital named Harrison, suffering from a poisoned finger, had .to. suffer its amputation on Thursday. Nearly all the head teachers of the State schools in. the city and representatives of ; the City Board of Advice held an interview lately on the subject of providing prizes for the pupils,.and.after discussing the subject for some time it was generally agreed that scholarships, apprenticeships,- and medals for proficiency would be the/moat' suitable awards to provide. The meeting then'adjo’urned till next Thurs day, to consider how the funds are to be raised to pro vide the prizes, *--■■■ -The Government engineer engaged, on the Gordon railway confidently expects to have the .linoready,for opening about the middle of- • March. About two miles of the permanent way have been laid down. Some four months ago the -Water Commission de cided that the price of water should -be reduced to id per 1000 gallons for quartz crushing and washing purposes, as long as such supply was not required for domestic use, and ’ providing - that those who took advantage of the reduced rates should pay not leas than the average of the. past three months in each case, and a report referring to the subject was laid before the commissioners on Friday night, which' puzzled them considerably.' The report stated that during the months of September and October, that is before the new regulation came into- force, the con sumption of water by.mining companies was 12,444,000 gallons, the revenue from which was £14012s 3d, but in the two following - months, when the water was supplied in accordance’ with the above resolution, though the consumption was 32,964,000 gallons, the revenue therefrom was - only £l2O 16s Bd. . The ex planation of this curious state-of things seems to lie in the fact that several large consumers, notably the I New Koh-i-Noor Company, have ceased using the water, and so decreased the revenue, while the other companies were able to use a much larger, quantity of water than before the new regulation, for the same money as they paid before. The whole question was referred to the works committee to enquire into. The committee of the City Free Library, held their fortnightly meeting on Thursday night; Mr E. H. L. Swifte, president, in the chair.' The librarian re ported the attendance of visitors to the reading-room as being very good during the past fortnight. The works committee reported the various improvements to the several rooms as progressing satisfactorily, and that the library will be ready for opening to the public in about two weeks. The art, union committee. re commended that the drawing should: take place on the evening of St. Patrick’s Day. The-.secretary was instructed to make the necessary arrangements; for the drawing, which is positively .fixed for the 17th March. ' ■ . A very welcome addition has just been made to the furniture in the lobby of the Telegraph-office, and one which it is surprising should have been wanting so long. It consists of a table and chairs to accom- modate persons wishing to write out telegrams in the lobby, especially ladies, to whom the old high desks have proved very uncomfortable hitherto. The.caroase of, a dead horse was recently found in one of the Water Commission’s aqueducts above Kirk’s Reservoir, though how it came there has not been very clearly ascertained. It is gratifying to know, however, that the decaying body could not Rave laid long in its undesirable position before it was disco vered and removed.’;’ • On Wednesday several bush fires were fiercely raging to-the ; south and west of Staffordshire Reef. The one to the south was most destructive,- and rushed .through the cemetery, destroying one half of the fence and also some of the fences around the graves. Plenty of help was at hand, but it was im possible to save the cemetery fence, which will take about £3O to replace. To the north several dwell ings were in danger, and also’ ; Mr Eymer’a fences, but, thanks to the help that was at hand, no further damage was done beyond the burning of a few yards of fencing. We also learn that the fence around the - cricket ground was destroyed,'but how the fire'got there no one can tell, as no trace could be found of any fire leading, thereto. -, On Friday morning, 31st January, Messrs Hore, Gumming, Frith, and Galt wrote a letter of thanks to the Smythesdale Fire Brigade, accompanied with a donation of £1 ss, for the zealous and successful efforts to check the bush fire that threatened to destroy • the houses on the western side of the creek on Wednes day last. The brigade purpose to’have this souvenir of their efforts framed and glazed, and hung up :in the engine-house. The following tenders were accepted .on, Friday by the Railway Department:—Fbr'the construction of a passenger station at St. Amaud, J.-Foot, £3573 0s 9d; for the construction of a passenger waiting-room at Deep Lead, J. Foot, £154 5s 6d; for the construction of a passenger station at Lubeok, W. Crofton, £597 9s Id; for the construction of a passenger station at Green Hillsj'W. Crofton, 1 £586 7s-4d. ."’■■V. . > Accounts for the following are lying at, the .Sub treasury, SmythesdaleCorihdhap Free ’ Library, £4O; Jas. Ah.Yeh,,Wm.Edwards: Thos. Hopper, ~ahd I W. B, lies. : - ”■ • ■ On Thursday as Thos. Jones, herdsman of the Smythesdale. Town and .United. Goldfields waa driying some .cattle to a place of safety'from the .bush fires Ross’ Creek way, his horse stumbled in a ” hole, threw him oh his shoulder, and then rolled over him, causing’ several wounds and contusions of a .painful nature. - . Mr W. Williams, of Ross’ Creek) has been a heavy sufferer by the bush fires, his fencing and grass'having ■ been consumed. Mr. Champ, Mr Bang, and many others in the same-district have been losers in like manner to a considerable'extent. A man, who gavehia name as Travers McDonald, or M’Donagh, was arrested on Friday “night,-31st Janu .hy Ppnatable Costello,-' on a charge” of having 'assaulted Cheong Ko Chun,-amedical gentleman- re- ■ siding in Humffray -street. It was said, that the offender had been inLee Soon’s hotel,and wasunderthe l influence of drink^and..-misconducting himself, when’ Lee Soon told him to desist from' swearingcandtabe ’•ave himself decently. M’Donald disregarded the remonstrance, and Lee Soon put j 7 M'Donald then went away, and a sWf ? “"to the hotel met Cheong Ke Chun, whom hf the side o£ the head with his fiat twicn ”1 °» down the unfortunate Ghindaa f o k * n< J c hin» other reasoh than simply because of h« PP ? r !- ot ‘J the landlord, Lee Soon, in the meanlim. alto Dalil J. Constable Costello, who at once wenf B °j‘ tna for offender. M'Donald had by this time got a •*>« one of the yards adjacent, and it was with Pa ‘ Dg 'a cultyhe was taken into custody. At the* 8008 ha" was somewhat violent, but finally * atc -jtom, in' the' lock-up, ,0 **• Hpj Our Smytheadale correspondent writes' “n at a (Rataricb fail'd feel iiibliiied to Cape Gtway Ganges, and 1 find that the! a , 4 15 * E) few in number, had better restrain their vi»i« t ol s terra incognita just at present, until th. Lands, officially' notifies that the forest anT*' ol .portion ,b£ it -is to be open for selection It last week that a party of would-be selector!?!- ° 5, i the oountry^all.,the way from Glatefadon ollleS ffdm.Buninyong, to; find that their io„„,V e, ' ii premature and that their labor was in vain ■ WII tion could riot take place until the necessary M tion.. appeared in the Government Gazelle 1 the: land; is described as a good chocolate (h?* .cereals, but heavily timbered, wfth an uaietn " of wood which is cut down and burned. targe fqfest tfde3" gfowing; aS It would take frS!l: to -£3O an acre' to effectually clear th Jt 1 of the. timber from f a , selection. Another dra!w is the: non- proximity of a market to the nrodi who have to send their cereals to Meibom 1 *? steamer from Apollo Bay, where a jetty is bj quired, and it is only by an occasional trip 0 f ti? description that stores can be obtained from u metropolis. Several fleledtdhS ftdm theSmvtfen ; and Ross’ Creek districts have settled down awfl Apollo Bay, and after twelve months of expatmr from the comforts of civilisation they are looV rather thin upon it, and find that clearing the f S is not all beer and skittles. However, what (I. 018 * quire- thereabouts, as alleged by themselves i'* larger population, and. hence they consider the th * ing open of the forest a step in the right direction 0 ?' far as a' certain, portion thereof is concerned.” 15 ' On Friday, Slat January, a man silty-seven va of age, named’ George Richards, was arrested t! Detective! Hyland oh a charge of having stolen f 1 boxes of-, temple combs, three sets of shirt studs f sets of solitaires, seven cards of various , sorts 00 ! buttons for ladies’ dresses, and three sets 0 { st l busks. The offender is, it seems, well known to police on previous charges. There wasa special meeting held on Thursday evenin, of the BallaratFire Brigade, Captain Morris in th chair, at which several leading gentlemen of th* town were present. The business was to conafe ways and means to reduce the bank overdraft. H was resolved that the town be canvassed for a sistance, and that the burgesses be asked to attend a special meeting to be called next Tuesday eveninz for that purpose. 5 • Three members ,of the Geelong and Western Du. triot Agricultural Society waited upon the Hon. ff.J Clarke at his office on Friday, where they presented him with a handsomely illuminated address on behalf of the society, as a token of the esteem in which he was held by them. The address was a most elegant affair, and .beautifully framed. The proceedings wen of a purely formal character. Dr. Edward Golden, of Euroa, late resident surgeon of the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, was accidentally' drowned while bathing at Echuca on Thursday, is enquiry will be held to-day. The Bendigo Evening News of Thursday relates the following:—“ Yesterday, as a very valuable mare, the property of the firm'of Messrs M'Culloch and Cos., was going along Bernal street it suddenly dropped down in an exhausted condition. Mr Brownlee, who was passing along in a conveyance at the time, jumped out, and upon making an examination of the aninul ho found it to be suffering from the effects of a sun stroke. With great promptitude he at once applied ice and water to the head, heart, and loins, and after working with great patience' for over an hour he me oeeded-in reducing the pulse to SO deg,, after which the affinal was able to get up, and with the assistance of six men walked to its stables in Wills street Great praise is due to Mr Brownlee for the prompt and thoughtful way in which he acted, for un doubtedly without it the poor animal must bare perished.”, • Shortly after 12 o’clock on Thursday Mr Barnett Bolger, of Dorritt street, Carlton, and two other men, were ; walking up the bank of the Yarra, when they saw the head and hands"of a man above the water near Brahder's Ferry. The man was alive (says the Argus), for: his bands; were .seen.to move. He via close to the bank, so they pulled him out at once and with little difficulty. After they landed him began a groan and ; expired. Constable Kealy, who was on duty at Prince's Bridge, was sent for, and the body wu removed to the morgue. Subsequently Mr Chapman, a teacher of .music, identified the body as that of David Marks Boston, a money-lender, who lived with him in Spa terrace, Gipps street, Richmond, and vbo had been absent. from bis lodgings all the previom night. In the pockets of the deceased were found id 7s 9d,’a watch, chain, and other articles, and then were rio marks of violence on the body. An inquest will be held in'.due course. .. The Argws states that advices received from Lee don by the mail mention that colonial securities an just now looked upon with marked favor by the ip vesting public. Foreign bonds have long been dis credited, and in consequence of recent development! bank shares and trading investments are regarded with suspicion. There is a growing feeling in favor ef colonial - securities, in connection with which m disaster has been experienced. In a communicate! addressed to a leading bank the opinion is expressed that the new Victorian loan, properly handled, wSI float at par. We can only hope that our political per plexities will not-be brought forward prominently and such a juncture to militate in any way against the success of the project. For some hours on Wednesday and Thursday (sap the Argus) the electric telegraph between Coburg set Brunswick was interrupted, and every effort was md! to.ascertain the cause, but without effect. At to the line repairer discovered that the heat of the !>'- few days had melted the gutta-percha round the vw which leads into the Coburg office, and the wire cams in contact with the building. We learn from the Argus that a most influenfal meeting of medical gentlemen was held on Thursuf night at the Oriental hotel, Collins street east, toe* eider certain matters connected with the prof®® Dr Brownlees occupied the chair, and there wereato sixty gentlemen" present. It was agreed to to® * Medical Defence Association, and several resolutions,.embodying the principal objects forvu-j the society was formed, were adopted. A prov™ , committee, consisting of twelve medical gentlemen Melbourne, four of Sandhurst, and two of was elected to organise the association, and carry 0 the resolutions arrived at. The Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D., for years Bishop of Melbourne (says' the Anyfo has accepted the canoury in Llandaff Fitu vacated by the Dean of Peterborough. Dr Penj , senior wrangler in 1828, and subsequently tu“ -Trinity College, Cambridge. On the lament™ 'of Bishop Selwyn, of Lichfield, her Majesty pleased to confer upon Dr Perry the distinction 0 Prelacy of the Order of St. Michael and St. (Jeers 6 The land tax commissioners will sit ° n tEe February. - ■ A shocking case of parricide is repotted fro®- toria Plains, Western Australia. A number ot pe employed on'a farm in that district wera ? neC Ki together, among them being a man names : Taylor and his son. The latter, it appears, g tbxioated, and wanted some more liquor, w father refused to supply him with. An a e . ensued, and the son, picking up a gun, shot in the chest. Death was almost instantaneou- jury found the prisoner guilty of manslaug ■ acquitted him of the graver charge. R® fenced to twelve years’ penal servitude. ~A telegram in the Argus, dated EohuMi January, says ;—“ To-day the heat nas intense, 116 deg. being registered in the sna • terday. and to-day the laborers at , D6 T inur ;tl :l other works have been working two four - < t>> in, consequence of the distressing natu 0J 0 weather. They commence at 4 a.m., con 8 a.m. 1 , then desist till 4 p.m., when they g . till 8 p.m. Several cases of sunstroke have DM piS : The sky is now ■ overclouded, and every app betokens, a thunderstorm.” About half-past 3 on Friday morning * •out at Mr Isaac Whan’s, “ Holly Lodge, road, and the flames were not stayed unti .arid almost everything therein contained, ' to. ashesV The family had been (say* . ets jiS Advertiser) ton party spending the previ , returning home shortly before midn'S® 1 ’ _ fi< to bed about 12 o'clock. Mr Whan 'awakened - by hearing a crackling noise in adjoining his bedroom, and he at one , threw some water.on the: fire,_ and aWo£e ,„ ma o ftl s These promptly set about trying to save effects, and saved most of their things. y e pii» thing was saved from the house; a l v . e^otS amongst the naa'riy-valuables in a well-tu went witbi everything else in about ep t ah* there being,nothing of Mr Whan * eave > pr articles n£ little value. Fireman Pearc p on;.the S spot; with the * re ,’a alt^j fire-bell was rung by Mr Halliday, ' he' -waa soon -joined by most of inadeq®*^t r momhere of, the brigade, through t . re (ta 1 TtheS pressure on the Melbourne rod > 1 only a three-inch pipe, they could do raged fiercely, and the house, furniture, and beautiful Garden was in short space of time rapidly licked up by the devouring flames. The stabling, &c.;, at the Back, with horses, lorries, &c; fortunately escaped The portion destroyed was insured in the National Fire and Marine Insurance Company of New Zealand for the sum of £650, but we believe that part of it has been re- insured by the National in the Imperial or some other company. An old unoccupied house Adjoining Mr Whan's, belonging to the building society, and known as Gaylor's was also burnt down, Lester’s hotel on Monday. It will be seen from our advertisment columns that Mr J. P. Roberts is a candidate for a seat for the Smythe's Creek division of the Mining Board. There was a fair attendance to see D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Academy of Music on Friday night. Mr Dyte, the lessee, came forward at the close of the entertainment, and offered three conundrums for the audience to chose from, so that the second prize which was not awarded for conundrums on a pre- vious occasion might be disposed of. The people, howerer, treated the affair lighting, and could not be got to expreds an opinion upon the merits of the very Inferior conundrums placed before them. 