DENOMINATIONAL EDUCA TION. ST. FRANCIS'S ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOL. With a view of making the public acquainted with the nature of the education given at such denominational schools as are still carried on in competition with the national system of free and secular instruction, we purpose giving an outlino of the educational work effected at one of the leading denominational estab lishments. A visit was recently paid by our reporter with this object to the Roman Catholic Bchoob of St. Francis in Elizabeth- street. These schools are conducted by the Christian Brothers, a religious association, a number of members of which came out from Ireland some years ago and established semi naries in the principal cities throughout the eolonies. Their operations are at present con fined almost- exclusively to the capitals of Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland and New Zealand. An effort was made by Sir John O'Sbanassy some timo ago, at tho instance of Archbishop Goold, to bring ont a number of other members of this fraternity with 'tho intention of having further schools for the education of Catholic youth established in tho colony. Sir John O'Shanassy found oh liis arrival in England, however, that tho Christian Brothers wero all so fully employed with educational work that none of the order could be spared. Their sjral as teachers is well known, but their, primaiy object has always been to propagate as widely as possiblo the doctrines of tho Catholic Church, and this they find can he effectually done iu connection with tho schools in which secular knowledge is imparted. They consider it necessary for the spiritual welfare of every child that' he should be roared in a kind of religious atmos phere, with the emblems of his faith around him, and the religious influence of teachors hnbued with the doctrines and spirit of tho church perpetually brought to bear upon his mind. Tho whole proceedings in the day school nro pervaded by a strictly religious tone, and the tenets and observances of the Catholic "Church nro inculcated unceasingly, as much by example and practice as by pre cept. The boys schools of St, Francis consist of three departments, one containing the xnoro advanced section of third-class pupils—boys of from 10 to 13 years of ago, and numbering about 100 ; the next comprising the infants, about 120 in number, and varying from 6 to 0 or 10 years of age ; and the. third being tho free school—' intended for the children of all ages and stages of advancemont — of parents who are too poor to he able to pay for their education. The total number of chil dren on tho rolls is 420. Thoy are under four tea'chors — one being the Superior of the order, and three other members. In each of the three principal rooms the emblems of the faith are con spicuously displayed. Each room lias an njtar and & statue of the Virgin Mary, and pictures of the saints on the walls as well as tho usual school maps and illustrations of natural his tory. The altars are plentifully decorated with flowers, the month of October, as tho Superior remarked, being the " month of Alary." . The Catholic body in Europo regard May as tho "month of Mary," and in all the Catholic churches tho altars and Ludy Chapels are decorated with flowers during that month in honor of the " Virgin Mother." This practice has been carried on by devout Catholics from timo im memorial, and the same custom was trans planted to these colonies, It was considered, however, that the month of May in tho southern hemisphere was not suitable to be regarded as the month of Mary, since it forms the commencement of the winter season, and is not of the cheerful character that tho month of Mary should be. In accordance with a re presentation made to liim on tho subject by Archbishop Goold, therefore, the Pope changed the month of Alary in tho colonies from Alay.to October, This accounts for the abundance of floral offerings to bo found amongat the candles on tho altars at the schools. Every room has its altar, on which a statue of the Virgin Alary is erected, but there are no Scripture quotations on tho walls as there nro in some denominational schools. Tho hour for the assembling of the children at tho schools is 0 o'clock, and punctuality is insisted upon. From 9 until half-past the pupils are examined in their home lessons, which comprise catechism, grammar, geogra phy, arithmetic, tables, writing, &c.; From half-past 9 until 10 the children are engaged with prayers, and the -preparation of the lessons to be learnt at home for tho following day. From 10 o'clock until half-past, all the classes write in their copy books. The next half hour is spent in reading, from 11 to half- past in doing sums, and from that time until 12 in play. At 12 o'clock tho religious in struction takes place, and this lasts until half- past, when another half-hour is occupied with writing from dictation, and printing in books provided for tho purpose. From 1 o'olock until half-past singing is taught accord ing to the tonic solfa systom, after which the classes again read, and the day'B labors conoludo with instruction in grammar or geography. Twice a week tho children are taught drawing, the description taught being of a technical and practical character rather than ornamental. Euclid and algebra are also taught. The chil dren on first entering the school in tho morn ing kneel down and say a short prayer, and a prayer is also repeated every hour, when the clock strikes, no matter what the children may be doing at the timo. "When our reporter visited tho schools he was shown the whole routine which was gono through, as described abovo. Tho morning lesBonB had already been dis posed of, and tho boys wero writing, the strictest silence being maintained during the half-hour devoted to caligraphical exercises. The copybooks aro prepared specially for the Christian Brothers. The copy set for tho pupils consists of a sentence in which some historical fact is stated such as the following " Limerick, famous for its treaty, 1G91 44 Hannibal defeated by tho Romans, B.C. 202 ; Jerusalem taken by tho Crusaders, 1099 ;" "York Minster founded in tho year 1171; "The "Western Empire dismembered in 476." The ages of tho ljoys in the school containing the highest classes range from 10 to 14, the average being from 10 to 12. The total number attending is about 100, and the number present on this occasion was about ' 80. For boys under 14 tho writing was good, and in no instance was a blot or fingermark apparent on any page of a copy-book. Subse quently a class was called out for parsing. Simple sentences were written on the black board, and the pupils were naked in turn to define the parts of speech. This was done by some aucccBsfullyj and by others with some mistakes. The ptas adopted, however, for exercising the memories and the reasoning faculties of tho learners appears tolerably effective. The next lesson was in reading. The speeches of Brutus and Alark Antony on the death of Ciesar, and a declamatory piece from Airs. Hemaus, wero read by the class all together, and afterwards individually, tho result being satisfactory so far as this part of the work was concerned. A number of well- known pieces were afterwards sung to show tho progress made in vocal music, most of them being from the secular poets. The Bridge, from Longfellow ; a duct, entitled The Convent Bells ; tho patriotic Welsh song, Men of Harlech ; a glee, Beautiful Spring ; Oil ! Ever Tlius, and Erin ! tho Tear and the Smile, from Aloore, wero amongst the pieces sung, all being very well rendered. Towards tho close of this part of the teaching one of tho hymns taught in the school was also sung. It was a hymn to tho Virgin Alary in honor of the immaculate con ception, of which tho following aro a couple of the Btanzas Ob, Mother, I could weep for mirth, Joy tills my heart so fast ; My soul to-day is heaven on earth, Oh J could tho transport lost, ' I think of theoand what thou art, Thy majesty, thy itate, And I keen singing in my heart, Immaculate, Immaculate. The angels answer with their songs- Bright cholra in gleaming rows — And saints fiock round thy feet in throngs, And heaven with bliss o'crfiows. I tbink of thee, &c.; Theso various exercises occupied until 12 o'clock, when tho Angclus was repeated. Tho Angclus is a form of prayer apparently intended to commemorate tho nativity of Christ as well as to invoke tho intercession of Alary. Tho following aro the words : — 1\. Tho Angel of the Lord declared unto ATnry. and she conceived by tho lloly Ghost. Hail Alary, &c.; 2\. Behold tho handmaid of tho Lord ; ho it dono unto mo according to thy word. Hail Alary, &c.; And tho word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. Hail Mary, Ac. V. Fray for tis, 0 Holy Alother of God. It. That wo may ho mode worthy of tho pro- misos of Christ. An interval for play is allowed. Tho reli gious instruction is imparted at noon. In this instance, the les3on wo3 given by the Superior; about SO boys being present. The Bubjcct treated of was " Prayer." Tho next part of tho falcons had reference to the adoration of tho Virgin Alary. Tho teacher asked — Q. What honor do wo givo the blessed Virgin ? —A. We honor her moro thau all tho other samts, because she is tho mother of God ; hut we never give her divine or bupremo honor, which is done to God nlouc. Q. Why do Catholics so often repeat the Hail Alary and Holy Mary?— A To honor iho mys tery of tho Incarnation, which that prayer ox- presses, and to show their great respect and devotion to tho Mother of God, and their special confidence in her assistance, particularly at tho hour of death. Q. And why do you always say tho Hail Afarj after the Lord's prayer?— A. That byhor inter cession wb may more easily obtain what wo ask for in the Lord's prayer. In reply to further questions, the explana tion was given that the Virgin Alary must not have tho "supremo or divine honor," which was due to God alone, and that to give her such honor would ho sinful. Reference was mado to the uso of statues, crucifixes and bench?, which were described as aids to devo tion, but possessing no merit in themselves. With regard to tho Virgin Alary, the children were taught that as the Virgin Alary never refused anything to her Divine Son when on earth, Christ would never refuso anything which she might ask of Him in heaven, hence tho belief in the efficacy of her intercession. After the timo for religious instruction had elapsed, tho children engnged in prayer, apparently with much devotion, tho Superior kneeling with them and taking the lead. The prayers consisted of an Act of Con trition, an Act of Faith, an Act of Hope, and the repetition of tho Ave Maria. The whole of tho hooks used by the Christian Brothers for both religious and secular in struction aro compiled by themselves and printed in Dublin. The works for imparting secular knowledge appear to bo all that could bo desired for that purpose. Of the religious works, the small catechism, with which tho infants commence, is the simplest, hut thcro are others setting forth the doctrines of tho church in more extonsivo and elaborate detail, such as A Treatise on the Duties of a Chris tian towards God, by the Veil, do la Salle, translated into English and enlarged by the Christion Brothers. Tho book on history which 13 used is called tho Historical Class- book, aud is sufficient to give the' pupils a general knowledge of ancient and modern history — including English and Irish history. The proceedings of troubled periods of English history, when tho Reformation was first making its way, aro of course do- scribed from a Catholic standpoint. The persecutions in the reigns of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth are treated of as being of a more flagitious nature than thoso of Mary's reign. The facts connected with the riao of Luther are stated with tolerable fairness, and justice is done to the Lord Protector, albeit ho is designated a terrible despot, of whose rule England became heartily weary. 