NEWS OF THE DAY. The R. M. S. Tanjore passed Cape Borda at forty minutes past two a.m. yesterday, nud arrived at Glenelg before noon. Raving' discharged the mails and nassenaera for Adelaide, the Tanjore sailed neain at half- past. four p.m., aud should teach fiolison'a l'.ay early to.mvrrow afteronon. (.'ouimunicntion with Europe is still inter rupted, through a fault in the cable between Ratafia and Singapore, which is supposed to have been broken by a ship's anchor. The important ruessace. received by us and pub lished in yesterday morning's issue surprised the. telegraph oliieials by its arrival, so is was not until some hours afterivurde that they learned that a mail steamer had reached Tiatavia and had landed a few telegrams, of which that for 'J he Aqr was one. The Government have placed themselves in communication with the iiovernments of Xew .South Wales and South Australia in reference to the proposed abolition of the rubject' caieful consideration, however, the Cabinet have determined that nothiug what ever shall he done without Parliament being consulted. Very strong opinions were ex pressed by many lion, members on the sub ject last session, and a strong feeling pre vailed tbata work involving sn great a -acri. lice of public money as this, if carried out, undoubtedly will, should not be decided upon until tha Assembly had considered the question by the light of the fullest informs, tinn that it is possible to obtain. It 13 iu deference to the opinion of the House that the Government has determined to further delay the work. border duties chargeable on the land and river frontiers of the respective colonies. Power was given to deal v.ith thc subject by the i 'ustoms Act Amendment Act, passed last, session, and it is probable that a confer, ence on the subject will be proposed should, a suitable basis be decided upon and the other two colonies interested feel inclined to rtrcrc to that mode of procedure, .Should# conference be determined upon it will pro bably take place in Sydney, whither Mr. I.alo'r, tho ( '.nniniasioRor of Customs, will proceed as representative of Victoria. Mr. Woods yesterday obtained leave from Ilia Excellency the Governor to bo absent for acme days from the colony, and toblay be will embark for Sydney per the s. Kcrangie, en n.iile for Newcastle, wheie he baa im portant basiness to transact iri reference to the contracts to supply coals for use on the Victorian railways. 1 luring tho last few day3 the Government havo had under consideration the intended removal of the Melbourne Gaol, It was ex pected that arrangements, would have been so far advanced aB to have enabled the work of dismantling the building to have been commenced very shortly. After giving the A contemporary has found fault with the appointment of Mr. (.'. Gavan I.hill'y as assistant e'erk of committees ir. the Legislc- tive'.Asseiubly. ft is asserted that the Govern ment in appointing Mr. Unify have ignored the claims of experienced oilicerr of another department. The vacancy was filled up by Mr. Berry shortly alter the changes, consequent on tho death of fcTr. Dumas, iho assistant clerk of the Houso, and the appointment of Mr. Duffy does not in any way affect the interests of any other aspirant to the office who may imagine him self iu possession of stronger claims. The fact is that M r. Duffy baa simply been re- . moved from the Chief .Secretary's depart ment to what is regarded as a collateral branch oPthe service, and one that is prac. tioally under the control of the Chief Secretary. The change will involve no increase of salary so far a9 Mr. Duffy is concerned, nor will it lead to any improve ment whatever in his status or grade as a public servant. Mr. Duffy has been em ployed for some years in the Chief Secre tary's department, and his appointment to the ofrico of assistant clerk of committees, has been a matter of purely departmental ar rangement. Tiie carnival season may Ire said to hare been brought to a termination by the fes tivities of yesterday, which were on fully as extensive a scale as those of New Veal's day in previous years, and were entered. into with as much spirit by the publio generally, 1 'rom an early hour in the morning Melbourne fitreeti presented a lively scene from the crowds of pleasure-seekers in holiday attiro hastening to catch train and steamer in order to be conveyed to the various places of outdoor entertainment. The traffic on tho railways was of course very heavy, the trains nu the suburban lines being most uncom fortably crowded oil day long. Thousands availed themselves of the magnificent weather to take a run down the Bay, and an immense assemblage witnessed the Champion Race Meeting on tho JTlemingtou course. In the evening the theatres and other places of amusement were crowded, and altogether the first day of the new year may be said to have been celebrated in trae carnival fashion. An accident of a serious nature, which it ie feared will involve a loss of life, occurred on the Victorian Railways, near tho Hawkc- street Bridge, West Melbourne, early yes terday morning. It appears that shortly after half-past two o'clock Thomas ityau was driving engine No. 149 from the engine sheds to the goods shed, wbero it was to bo at tached to. the quarter to three a.m. goods train to Seymonr. Instead, however, of cross- lug the points on to the ream line, tho engine ran along a blind siding at Dudley-street. It was precipitated down the embankment, ami fell over on its Bide on the ground at the bottom. Ryan was comparatively uuhurt, bat the fireman, Alfred Harness, was very seriously hurt, and was picked up iu an apparently dying couditiou. Re was promptly taken to the Melbourne R capital, where be was attended by the resident surgical staff. When ad mitted he was in an insensible condition, and was at once examined by Dr. .'Stirling. It was then ascertained that the lifat of the ' .-» J-( -A i " Injury which c&nied; Insensibility was in the I head, aDd although there was no perceptible ! hectare it ii thonght that the base of the , skull has been fractured. He remained in sensible all day, and at a late hour last night, he was still in that condition, and hii re covery was deemed very doubtful. An official iuquuy .will be instituted into the cause of the accident. Yesterday afternoc:', the up-train from Wodouga to Melbourne wcut uu the isilB at Newmarket froui some eauso which cannot at present be ascertained. The trafiio was interrupted for about au hour, hut no other inconvenience resulted, tho passengers escap ing with a sovero shaking. The accidout occurred at the points connecting tho single and double line of rails, and as the eugme ana tender and two horse boxes passed safely over, the occurrence is bo far quite inexplicable. Jt is supposed that there must bare been n flaw iu the flange of one of the carriage wheels. Tho arrangements at .Spencer-street yester day, for racing purposes, may have been satisfactory enough to metropolitan tuffftes, but they were in many cases incompre- hensible to travellers from the country. If they entered at the wrong gate they were caught in a cul-de-sac on the platform, with iron gates on each side, and had to return outside and perhaps make a similar mistake at another entrance, and so on from laby- rinth to labyrinth until they became utterly confused, lost trains, .and ultimately re- turned to town in despair. Many of the gatekeepers being extra and new hands, and therefore unable to give any direction beyond that appertaining to their own personal charge, could give no information to the bewildered imjnirors, and lience the confusion b'ecamo worse confounded in pro portion to the inorease of the uninitiated in the niysterios of .Speucer-strett' station on racing davs. The Railway ";cp/o yes express great dis appointment in. regard to,tho,ir.»Ji.ticipato<; free excursions to/ viiit thdir fricnus 4ur,'.nS the Oil ristnihs holidays Instead of the uaiial special excursion tiains, the arrangements this time weru free passes for vis'itilig friends on -any of the Government lines. This im provement was highly satisfactory to the nil- jtltnjex ; but. unfortunately for the large ma jority of them, it hail'.not. been sufficiently published, and with the exception of a feiv officials rfho had got into the secret somehow nr other, ' towards the last moment, 'and a- vailed Lhemselres of the privilege, the boon heontnc- a dead letter; Throe who lost tire chance are naturally enough aggrieved at the noD-piihlieatiori of the holiday arrangements. It is worlh consideration by the oliieials of the department whether it would not bo d- sirablo to allow the ei,ipln,;e.t to take their holiday at any "period of the year, a few rtt a time, ns thereby no interruption would bs caused to tho working of the lines. _A disgrar.oful outrage was perpetrated at North Carlton on New Vear's morning by a gang of ronghs'aud larrikins, who should be speedily traced and brought lo justice. Shortly aiter midnight a crowd of young fellows, numbering nhont twenty, proceeded down XRdirilsnn-strect making i right hideous with their bacchanalian crgies. Most of the lamps on tho Carlton side of Nieholson-street were smashed to atoms. On tho Titzmy Side they pulled down fences and 'shatter-bars of shops as well nsdestroyedaqnantityof plants in gardens abutting on tbe 'streot.. From Nicbolson-atreet they marched through Kielly and Neil streets, where they committed similar depredations, damaging property, throwing- stones, breaking lamps and win dows, shrioking and shouting at the top of their vrtioes. They roamed through Several other streets towards tlrunswick, where they left like traces of their visit. At three o'clock the residents nf Nicholson-street heard tho shouts of men returning froln North Carlton, and it is supposed they were the same persons who passed earlier. There were ho police about to stop their riotous proceedings. It is stated that no consta bles are regularly on duty in that part of Carlton and Fitxroy. 'i he larrikins of Col- lingwood- were in a riotoU3 mood on New Veer's morning, and held pos&saion; of some of the streets is the cssteru end of tbs city, where they smashed a number of windows. Constable CoghSan, however, succeeded in arresting two 'of tho' offenders, and locked them up. This warning had a good effect upon their companions, who soon afterwards retired to their homes. Vesterday afternoon, shortly before two o'clock, afire broke out at the rear of Messrs. Fergusson and .Mitchell's printing establish- merit, l.ittlo Bourke-atree.t. It is supposed the lire first occurred in a waste. pa per basket aud then spread ' to Buckley and N cirri's stables, (.'unstable Barrett, who was promptly on tire spot, removed six horses from the stables, he' being a.-sistcd by Mr. I.udwidge, foreman for Messrs. Buckley aud Nunn. The Metropolitan Fire Brigade then got to work and scon extinguished the lire, which was confined to the front part of tho stables. Some hay and straw in the lot t were destroyed, and two spring carts wero also partially damaged. The caiise of the lire is unknown, and it is r.ot known whether the damage done i covered b v insurance. The dredging machines belonging to the Government, being kept lo their legitimate work, are performing it moss satisfactorily. At Belfnct the work of dredging out a swing, iug basin in the River Moyne, opposite tho wharf of Messrs. Challacombe and Bishop, is proceeding at a rapid rate. Tho semi circular cut made by the dredge V/ocibatoti the eastern bank of tho river now shows most plainly, and will soon be taken out along the whole of the boundary posts. A gle.ncc at the eastern side of the river, where an immense quantity of silt bas been de posited, and which has been taken but of the river at the site of tho basin, will readily convoy to the stranger the extent of work tho Wombat is accomplishing, Thsro is to he Keen a line about a quarter of a mile in length by about fifty yards iu width, and an average depth of live feet, of sand aud iuud, which in rapidly becoming consoli dated. At tho site of the junction of river, where the dredge first commenced work, and where thosili wao oonvevtd to the earner, it lias now become quite hard and of u dark color. Wheu the salt contained in the soil has been washed ont, grass seed will he tried upon it, and no doubt it will ilourish. There is a point of the bank which runs rather abruptly into the river just opposite the Moyne Mills, and this it is ex pected will bo the next work of the dredge to remove. 2f cut away it will bo. a great improvement to the river navigation. The railway bridge over the Varriambiack Creek is so far finished that tbe engine crossed yesterday- The hlnrsh'jin '/iirte-re ays that tbe contractors aro exceedingly glad to liayo got to that spot, as there is tbe only permanent water along the line from Glen- oroby. Messrs. Leslio and Co. are pushing on the work with all possible speed, aud, in proof of this, it may be menrioned that, owing to tbe men having knocked off at/the sawmills for the holidays, and the supply of slceprers at the . Varriambiack thus running short, they have commenced to cart from the Horsham end, though the sleeeperu here will have to be replaced at a double, cost for cartage. Tbe rails may be expected to be laid into Horsbam, should no untoward oc currence intervene, by tbe end of Janu ary. A woman named Ann Toyne, residing at Frabran, was yesterday admitted to tbe Alfred Hospital, suffering from very oxten. sive burns of the arms and chest. The in juries were caused by Toyne having fallen into the 'fire in the bouse where she was living whilst she was in. a state of intoxica tion. .... Tames Goodman, thirty years pf age, re siding at Kpping, was ndmitted intoth'c Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fractured arm, caused by falling from a tree. stripping »nd_ reapiug have now been. 'so far proceeded with, says tbe fl'hnmera Mt/r, aa'to enable those experienced in agricul ture to lorm a'very good idea of tho yield .of the district, 'and it-is highly satisfactory .to learn that nearly all of them' express their belief that throughout the entire AVioimera district tho average of wheat will exceed fifteen bushels to the acre. This average is nearly double that of the last two seasons, and when it is taken into consideration that the area under crop has also inareased two fold, some slight idea may bo formed of tho enormous quantity of wheat that has been produced in the tviurmera this season. The revival of the old style of lampooning pufrlio characters on the stage, introduced by Mr. George Fawcett, may or may not have been a public good, but it may be hoped that the piece to be produced on Saturday night at the Princess's Theatre, entitled Three Ambassadors, will contain no off ensive matter. As Mr. R. P. Whitwortb, who will be remembered as tbe author of Catching a Conspirator, has had the control of the production, such a thing is hardly possible. The sketch is one of the best Mr. VVbitworth has written. Tbe Academy of Music was packed in all parts last nigbt, when the Christmas piece, Alfred the Great, was reproduced. Mr. 1'orde, having recovered from his recent ill. nets, appeared as Hecla, the Danish Queen, aud succeeded in investing the part- with considerable interest bis r«a4erip$ l$i!ilg(& very diverting 'character. An improve ment was introduced into the second act in the shape of an extra scene, which served to give greater isqnence to tbe pint than it originally , possessed. Several other material improvements have also been nude since the first performance, and tho pieca now rune much euioother end clowr than it did. Tho principals and choruses were all in good voice last night, and the porforjnanno cpnre- quently passed off successfully. The Theatre Royal was crowded lo excess last night, and the pantomime of Jack the Giant Killer passed off once uroro very su'cccsafnlly. Mr. Hennings's beautiful panorama of scenery on the Rhine was much admired, and indeed has become quite a feature of the pantomime, elioiting general marks of appreciation from all parts of tbe house. . The pantomime of Pinto was repeated at the Opera House last evening to a crowded house. Mr, Harry Griat'e transformation scene was greatly admired, and the young folk present were delighted with the harle quinade, which at this house is carried out entirely by children. Under the Gaslight was again played at the Princess's Theatre last night. The audience was numerous and enthusiastic. The same piece will form the programme for to-night. The filondenettetronpe repeated their per formance at St. George's Hall yesterday evening. In the first part of the entertain ment the various songs . were rendered with spirit. Miss L. Allison and Miss Whitehead reaeived encores for theircotnic songs, and the same compliment wub paid Miss Whynno for her rendering of Beifutifnl Dreams. The second portion of tho programme consisted of'a burlesque. The, Moonstruck Youth, or Diana the Fickle, Miss Allison, as the Mooustrucli VoutB, proved she . is a cipable burlesque actress, playing with pleaauig vivacity, and she was well supported by Mixi .Whitehead And the Other members of the company: '' Miss Byonrifatig tbyiuuiio iiicidsntal toTicr part. with good, effect/ iitid Miss L.. Cottier's step/dancing elicited the approbation of the audience; - There was n large 'attendance at the Athena.'um last evening, when Mr. Darcy Read repeated his ghost psntomime. The large hail was- crowded in every part, arid the performance seemed to be greatly appre ciated. This is the lost week of the exhibi tion, and juveniles and their . friends who wish to spend an enjoyable evening should avail themselves of. tho opportunity of patronising Mr. Read's illnsionary entertain ment. Gentlemen n-lu intend to be present nt Messrs Kobfirtmn' ItrutlicrV srln of shorthorn and Uvreford rattle at Cnlae nre reminded that Iho sprri.l train wiU leave. hpericeratroet station at twenty minutes past -it a.m. pcnctoal.y-o.inorron' rooming. I'nbiiculions KeeeiveJ.— 1 Tho Australasian A. B. C. Gunlv for Tannary, n choap and extremely useful sl.'jnvnnva'Ortli : Gordon and (Joteh.— Yunii£ Vic- tori-i, it journal uf the scutch Cotlca'c, supplement for t'ccrmber.— The Monthly Diary of the Norwich t'nion Firs ln- tiranc- Society. The i-tty oraiiht will play' the following selections on ihe urand niy.in tins afternoon, at four o'clock, via..: — Overture, Prdciosa (Weltery ; grand r.fier. tolrr, adapted from .Kreutrer Sooalo (Beethoven). Us. ti-tc ; opera selecttou, Lohengrin (Wagner), by S|"e- cial desire ; gram! march, 'I ho Fr-elvnl Pay (Spinner): tffatorio -election, vie., air, J know that my H /- rtrpmer f.iiAlh clinriu IJ:all>slittftti f'nnlr National Anthefo, .Tbe monthly meeting cf the commit'ce of tha Vie-, tor'ait Kye and Ear Hcipitnl wv» held on Friday Kit ; Mr. Zox in ite thalr. The aocoiifita for themoolb, amounting to £103 17i?. SKI., nerr pasiM for payment. !hr atuncanro for tbe luontli.Vvc-re reported to be.i— Cut-p&il;' nta—rDiiUit MH>; fecData, nw cnira, 193; total, 117. In.paUcnt-— lUraalnlnp fn-ru lo>l month. S3; admitted,?; difthftrged. 13; rrtwdnlair »fi h'.Hrie, 18; op'eratioua, 10. The -iui-jcc: of ine i:e» iMiptta!, and tho plant npprrUItiiu thereto, will be ron» ot! Uutidav tU\t, tho tth ot January. 